 Most people define bisexual as being attracted to both male and female genders. I agree with that definition, but I have an alternate definition of that word. For me, bisexual truly means that I am both male and female at once. I feel as though I am a heterosexual man and a heterosexual woman coexisting within the same body. 

I don't consider myself as transgender because I don't think that word truly applies to me. In spite of my feelings about women, I've always felt comfortable within my body as a woman. Although I do suppose that term might apply to me as well.

I often revel in being a woman. I'm not a "girly girl" and some might even say I'm a very soft butch, but unless you knew my sexual leanings you might just assume I'm the a-typical wife and nurturing mother who has a few unique quirks. 

When I said that I am a heterosexual man and woman in the same body I meant that I am attracted to men as a woman. I like to be treated as a lady. I don't necessarily like to be "wined and dined" but I do enjoy the occasional bouquet of flowers. If I were stuck on an island with only men and never knowing any women, I'd still be happy. However, throw a woman into the mix and it can get rather confusing for me. At least it used to.

I'm submissive when it comes to men. Not submissive in the sense that I like to be bound and gag (OK, sometimes I do), but submissive in that I like when a man takes the lead. Sure I'm a feminist, but there's still that part of me that swoons when a man takes charge and directs the action. Of course if I don't want anything to do with him, he quickly learns that "no" does in fact mean "NO!"

Women, on the other hand, are a completely different matter. I am dominant when it comes to women and this time I mean dominant in every possible definition of the word. I can be gentle and kind and make love to a woman, but I can also be a cruel mistress to those who want to submit. This fact used to confuse me, but I've learned that it's just who I am. I can be large and in charge or I can be the delicate southern bell my family wants me to be.

I know what you're thinking by now. Does she have a point? Yes, I do. I felt that this lengthy lead-in was necessary for me to help give you and understanding of my fantasy.

It's start out simply enough with me getting ready for a night out at my favorite bar. I pick out a pair of jeans and a tight long sleeved black shirt to wear. I also pick out a black satin bra, but I forgo panties in favor of what's in a plain brown box on top of my dresser.

I had almost forgotten the order I made online only a week before. I was shocked with the deliveryman knocked on my door. Because my son was up and running around, I had put it away, but now it sits unopened in front of me.

I use a pair of scissors I keep in the bathroom to carefully cut the tape so as not to puncture the contents. I open it up and I gasp as I see the black harness and matching attachments. I finally have my own strap-on.

Like a child on Christmas morning, I eagerly toss out the packing materials and admire my new prized possession. As I'm looking at the different sized attachments I ordered, my husband knocks on the door and enters our bedroom.

"The kiddo finally went down for a nap." He sees what I'm holding in my hand. "Thinking about breaking it in tonight?"

I smile at him. He knows what I plan on doing tonight. "With any luck I will."

"You sure you don't want to give it a trial run with me?" He pretends to pout a little.

I toss the largest of the three attachments to him. "I'll break that one in after this weekend. I've waited this long for a penis and I think it's only fair that it sees a pussy first."

He laughs a little and then comes over to hug and kiss me. "I'm glad you like your gift. Just don't go and break it on the first night."

"Don't worry. I still have every intention of plowing your ass later." I kiss him on his forehead. "Thank you."

"For what?"

"For being so understanding of my needs."

He smiles at me. "It's only fair that I get to enjoy a man's company once in a while that you should get to do the same with a woman."

Being married to a bisexual man definitely has its perks. He understands me better than I understand myself at times. "I just hope I can pull this off like I've always fantasized."

"I've had a penis all my life, so if you need any tips just ask me." He's joking with me and I give him a playful shove.

I reach back into the box and produce the medium sized attachment. It's a pinkish colored dildo about six inches long and about three inches in circumference at the base. Not the biggest dildo out there (it's even smaller than my husband's penis), but it'll definitely get the job done.

"Good choice," I hear him say to me.

I smile at him and take the attachment into the bathroom to wash it like the instructions suggest. When I reemerge I notice my husband has pulled out the harness part and is loosening the straps for me.

I take it out of his hands and step into it. It's almost like putting on a pair of underwear, but there's a little nub about half an inch long that slides into my vagina. I also notice another little nub in front that slightly stimulates my clitoris. I moan a little and see my husband grin.

"You sure you don't want break it in at home?"

I giggle a little and say, "I'm sure."

"Curses, foiled again," he teases.

I allow him to help me tighten the harness around my waist. At first it's a little too tight and then it's too loose but soon we find a fit that's comfortable for me.

I attach the six-inch fake penis to the front of the harness and turn to look at myself in a full-length mirror. I giggle as I grab my "cock" and shake it a little. It's stiff, but flexible enough for me to be able to carry out the next step in my fantasy.

"Could you hand me my jeans?" I turn to my husband who is having a hard time taking his eyes off my new appendage.

He tosses me my black jeans and I say a silent prayer that they'll fit as I slide them up to my wide hips. I stuff the fake cock gently down into my right pant leg. I have no trouble buttoning my size 13 pants around my waist, but pulling up the zipper proves to be a workout. Finally, I have my zipper all the way up and I turn once more to look at myself in the mirror. I cannot contain my laughter as my eyes are immediately drawn to my crotch.

My husband bursts into a fit of laughter too and teases me, "Is that a banana in your pocket or are you just happy to see me?"

I stick my tongue out at him and for a fleeting moment I think that maybe I shouldn't do this after all. Anyone who sees me will be able to tell that something isn't quite "right" about me and they'll think that either I'm a hermaphrodite or a freak.

I put on my 38DD bra and then my tight shirt. I look back in the mirror. From the waist up I think I'm looking rather nice. My shoulder length auburn hair is styled nicely and my pale porcelain skin contrasts sharply with my black clothing. I follow my hourglass figure downwards and once again I laugh as I see the bulge in my crotch.

"You look like a thirteen year old boy caught in Victoria's Secret," my husband comments.

We both giggle for a couple of seconds and then I ask, "Do you think I should go through with it?"

"Absolutely!" There is no hesitation in his reply and he hugs me tightly. "The bar will be dark and I'm sure the regulars there will know what's up. I bet it's not the first time someone has done this."

I smile up at him and kiss his cheek. "Thank you again."

He grabs my face in his hands and kisses me on the lips, sliding his tongue into my mouth. After a few seconds he pulls back and breathlessly says, "Go get 'em!"

I grab some money and my ID and stuff them into my back pocket. I find my keys buried under some mail on the table and look at my face in the mirror to make sure my hair isn't doing anything strange.

Before I finally head out the door, I sneak into my two year old's room and give him a soft kiss on the cheek. He stirs a little in his sleep and sighs contently. I tiptoe back out of the room and give my husband another good-bye hug and kiss as I exit the front door of our house.

It's dark outside already and I look at my watch. 8:15. Good, I think to myself. I'll arrive at the bar around nine and I should be able to grab a nice seat at the bar before too many people arrive. I hop in my car and head for my favorite bar.

When I arrive, I find a suitable parking space and mentally prepare myself before getting out of the car. I look at my crotch and see the bulge. I laugh nervously and open my door.

The cool winter air hits my face, but I'm comfortable in what I'm wearing. Spring arrives early here in the South and the extreme cold spells we had been having are finally passing. I smile at the female attendant standing at the door. She knows me, but still asks to see my ID.

She hands it back to me and winks at me. I blush knowing she's noticed that I'm packing tonight, but I manage to look her in the eye and wink back. I head inside and I am instantly hit with the smell of cigarette smoke and alcohol.

There's a steady bass beat from some dance song playing that I swear I can feel coming up through the floorboards. I realize that I can't wait to dance, but first I decide to hit the bar for a drink.

The bartender recognizes me and waves. "Haven't seen you in a long time Jade. How've you been?"

"Pretty good Janet. Just been busy is all. I'll just have a Shirley Temple. I'm driving tonight."

Janet nods and finds a glass as she sets about making my drink. I turn around and survey the crowd. Mostly it's women, but I see a few men. On the dance floor I see several people dancing. It's still early and I know that soon the floor will be packed with many people.

Janet sets the drink down in front of me. I thank her for my drink and say, "If you get a break, want to join me on the dance floor?"

Having danced with me before she nods. "I'd love to," is all she can manage to say before she is barraged with drink orders from a waitress.

I turn my attention back to the dance scene as I slowly sip my drink through a long red straw. I feel a hand tap me on my right shoulder. I turn to see a familiar face looking back at me.

"Long time no see stranger," my dream woman says.

"Same to you." I have to raise my voice to be heard over the music.

"I've been looking for you," she says in a silky southern voice. I notice her lips are painted red and they complement her tanned skin.

"Oh really?" I raise an eyebrow. We've talked before and have been flirting heavily for the last couple of months, but nothing has ever come of it. I've figured that she's just the flirty type, but from the way she's looking at me I can tell something has changed tonight.

She grabs my arms and leads me away from the bar. "Come on, there's a booth over here farther away from the music."

I follow her eagerly. I'm relieved that she can't see my crotch in the darkened bar. She sits down at an empty booth and pats the seat indicating that she wants me to sit next to her. "What's up?" I slide in next to her and my nose picks up a scent that reminds me of flowers. I realize it's her hair and think that she has just washed her hair.

"Nothing much, I've just missed you is all." She leans over and rests her head on my shoulder. Her long light brown hair falls on me and I can feel the weight of it on my left arm through my shirt.

I take a big sip of my drink and I hear a song with a good beat starting up. "Want to dance?"

She smiles up at me and says, "Yes I would."

I lead her out onto the dance floor and we face each other. I hold my arms up over my head and let my hips sway sexily to the beat. She moves in close to me, her hips keeping in perfect time with the beat as well. We continue dancing like this until she puts her arms around my neck and pulls me closer.

Instinctively, I put my arms around her waist and our foreheads meet. I'm taller than her by about two inches (I'm 5'7") so I'm looking down at her. I feel her stomach next to my crotch and she looks up at me with her mouth open in surprise.

I grin mischievously at her. "I got a new toy," I tease.

She wraps her arms tighter around my neck and whispers in my ear "Can I help you break it in?"

I freeze for a split second as I feel the blood rushing to my face. My ears are instantly warm from my blush. I pull back and look at her. "We'll see," I tease not sure if she's still just flirting with me or being serious.

She sticks her tongue out at me and I pull her back towards me and we resume dancing. The next song is a slow song. "Do you want to go back to our seat?"

"Not yet. I like this song," she replies.

I hold her close to me and I enjoy the feel of her body pressed against mine. She's wearing a midriff and my hands are touching the bare flesh of her back. I look down her back and see her smooth round butt. I hold back the urge to grab her ass but I do let my hands drift down to just above her waistline.

She's not a petite girl, but she's not fat either. She has a soft belly with a navel ring that shows proudly on her stomach. There's a noticeable dip where her hips begin and I can't help but think how it would feel to grab onto those hips while I'm taking her with my new toy.

Sadly, the song ends and one with a fast beat replaces it. She pulls away from me, but takes my hand and leads me back to our table. We weave through the crowd carefully and I notice business is starting to pick up a little. We discover our booth is taken, but we spot another one further back and quickly grab it.

She slides into the booth first as before and pats the seat once again to let me know where she wants me to sit. I giggle and slide in next to her. "Are you hungry?" I take a moment to steal a glance at her chest. The tight top she's wearing gives her a fair amount of cleavage, and I notice a charm on a silver chain that is falling in between her breasts.

She nods her head enthusiastically at my question. "I'm famished."

"How about some cheese fries?" I signal a waitress nearby.

"That's my favorite dish! I don't eat it often but it's so good." Again she rests her head on my left shoulder.

"Want anything to drink with that?"

"Hmm, I'll have a Long Island Iced Tea," she responds to me.

The waitress finally makes her way over to the table. I order our food, a Long Island Iced Tea, and another Shirley Temple for me. I notice my dream girl making a face and I say, "Hey, I'm driving tonight."

While we wait for our food, I look over at the dance floor. It's pretty crowded by now and I notice my girl is still leaning against me. I lift up my arm and put it over her shoulders and hold her to me. She sighs happily and rests her cheek against the inside of my left shoulder. I play with her hair a little and she takes my right hand that had been resting in my lap and holds it with her right hand. She lets her fingers interlace with mine.

This has to be more than flirting. She's never been like this before and finally I have to ask her what's going on. "So, what's changed tonight Ariana?"

She looks up at me with a puzzled look. "What do you mean?"

"Well, you've always just flirted with me but tonight...well, it's just different. You've never held my hand before and you certainly have never let me hold you like this." I pull some of her hair off her shoulder and away from her oval face. 

Her blue eyes seem to brighten for a moment as she thinks about what she is about to say. "I've always found you attractive but I had someone when we first met. Plus I was a little hesitant because you're married."

Our food arrives and I wait until the waitress leaves before resuming the conversation. "Me being married I can understand, but I didn't know you were with someone. Who?"

"You know the girl who would always be with me, but never danced or anything like that. Instead she'd watch me dance and either get hot and bothered or jealous when another woman made a play for me."

I laugh a little. "Sounds like my boyfriend in college."

"Yeah, well she also freaked out one night when I pulled out a dildo and wanted her to use it on me. She told me if I wanted a dick to go find a man and she just left. She tried to apologize, but I just realized it was time to cut my losses."

"Holy shit," I reply. "I've never heard of anyone freak out over a dildo."

"I feel kind of bad about it now. I found out from a mutual friend of ours that she was raped a few years ago and just has this terrifying fear of anything remotely phallic when it comes to sex." She takes a fry from the plate and quickly devours it. "Excuse my manners."

I shake my head to let her know it's OK and I continue, "I know someone who has the same problem with women. Can't stand the thought of them." I think for a moment and get a little disheartened. "So you're coming after me tonight because I'm wearing a strap-on?"

She sits up and emphatically shakes her head no. "Oh god no, that's just a bonus! After a couple of weeks of moping around, I kept thinking about you. Not like I was obsessed, but I wanted to let you know I was interested."

"And what about me being married?" I ask cautiously. She wouldn't be the first to be jealous of my husband.

She shrugs her shoulders. "I heard from a former girlfriend of yours that he doesn't ever participate and that he has a man on the side."

I giggle a little. "So you've been talking to Janet?"

She nods her head. "And before you ask, I understand that your family comes first."

"Janet drilled you on everything about me huh?"

"Well, not everything. I tried to get to tell me about what you like in bed, but her lips were sealed on the matter." Ariana quickly devours another fry as I find one with a mound of cheese on it and happily chew on it.

After swallowing my food, I say, "Yeah, Janet never kisses and tells, but I don't think you'll have any problems. I give good directions."

She laughs a little. "That's exactly what she said."

We eat and drink for the next few minutes. Ariana tells me about some of the women she's met since being single and I just hold her to me. I laugh at some of the lame pick-up lines she's heard. At one point I lean down and kiss the top of her head. I don't even realize what I'm doing until my lips feel the softness of her hair.

I sit back up and she lifts her head up to look at me. She stretches upward with her face and I lean back down. Our lips meet and I softly kiss her. I bring my right hand to her waist and feel the bare flesh there. I feel her tongue snake out over my bottom lip and I open my mouth so that I can greet her tongue with mine.

I feel her fingers in my hair and they wrap around the back of my head, holding me close. She pushes against my mouth hard and I respond in kind, pushing my tongue inside her mouth and allowing it to mesh with hers. I don't know how long we kiss, but I find my right hand traveling upward and I feel my fingers touch the underside of her left breast.

Ariana moans into my mouth and I gently cup her breast as I feel her hand drift down my body to my upper thigh. She squeezes my "cock" through my pant leg and giggles. She pulls back from me and I kiss her forehead. My hand is still on her breast and I can feel her nipple hardening against my palm.

"Can we go back to my place?" She nuzzles my neck.

"Just let me pay for our drinks and the food." I signal the waitress again and ask for our bill.

After I pay and leave a tip, we head out of the bar with her arm around my waist and mine around her shoulders. I wave to Janet on the way out and she waves back and gives me a "thumbs up" sign. I remind myself to thank her for talking to Ariana later.

Once in the car, we kiss again. It's a soft and tender kiss. I kiss her as though I am afraid I'll bruise her soft lips. I suck gently on her bottom lip before she pulls away breathless.
