 Summary: Straight white girl is drawn into the world of interracial lezdom. 

This chapter begins on the same day as the first two chapters (Black Dominance: Accidental Text and Black Dominance: Addicted to Cum). That said, you would not have to read those to enjoy this story as the first two are about a white guy's journey into craving black cock, while this story is about his girlfriend's journey into craving black cunt). 

Thanks to: Tex Beethoven, Robert, and Wayne for editing. 

Black Dominance: Addicted to Cunt 

After a gruelling week of practice (our gymnastics coach gets results, but man is he intense)... the weekend was finally here... and my bestie and teammate Eliza and I had plans to go out to a movie and maybe do some clubbing. 

As I finished showering, I was surprised not to see Eliza in the change room. She always waited for me as she knew I liked long pummeling showers after an excruciating workout. 

I got dressed in a cute patterned sundress and thigh high stockings (I liked the way they looked on me, I liked wearing something sexy underneath my somewhat conservative attire and my boyfriend Joey loved me in them) with the intent of looking sexy if we went clubbing before my probably surprising my boyfriend with a late night bootie call... he was in his dorm working on homework. 

I walked out and was again surprised when Eliza wasn't in the hallway either. I figured she was on the phone as the change room was small and not too private. She wasn't one to ditch me. 

I pulled out my phone, leaned against the wall and called her. 

As it started ringing, I was startled to hear her obnoxious Quack ringtone down the hallway. I began walking towards it, realizing it was coming from the cheerleaders' dressing room. 

That was very strange. She hated the prima donna rich cheerleaders, who often mocked us gymnasts as having little girl figures and not playing a real sport. 

I paused at the door, hearing it still ringing, and decided just to burst in assuming the worst... she was being bullied by the Barbie Squad (a term created by Eliza). 

Yet I absolutely wasn't expecting what I walked into! 

Eliza was on her knees, on all fours to be exact, her face between the legs of Jazmine (yes, actually spelt with a z), a black cheerleader still in her uniform skirt, but with her huge black breasts out and about staring at me like two bowling balls. 

"You didn't lock the door, slut," Jazmine reprimanded her cunt-lapper, as she moved her hand to the back of Eliza's head, She looked directly at me and said, "Tasha, I suggest you lock the door." 

"No, I'm going to the coach," I said, even as I couldn't take my eyes of what I was witnessing, trying to process what I saw. 

"I wouldn't do that," Jazmine responded, holding my friend's head deep between her legs assumedly so she could lick her pussy. A million questions were swarming around my head. The least of those being, How the hell did this happen? 

"Why not?" I objected, even as I stared at her huge tits... way bigger than my 'A' cup breasts. 

"Well for one thing," she began, responding to my stare, "It's apparent you want to come over here and suck on my titties." 

"I do not," I protested instantly, breaking my gaze and looking into her eyes as I felt my face flush at getting caught staring at another woman's breasts. 

"Sure you don't," she chuckled softly and smugly. "All you flat-chested gymnasts eventually want to play with my titties." 

"That's ludicrous," I retorted, even as I felt as if magnetism and gravity were joining forces to pull my eyes back down to the voluptuous breasts... her areola regions and nipples seeming almost bigger than my entire breasts. 

"Is it?" she questioned, her tone amused, noticing the uncomfortable truth that I couldn't break my stare away. "You can't take your eyes off them, can you?" 

I broke my stare again and said, "Just let her go and I won't tell." 

Jazmine let go of Eliza's head and asked, "Do you want me to let you go, slut?" 

Eliza didn't look back at me as she whispered, barely loud enough that I could hear her, "No." 

"No, What?" Jazmine asked, the entire time staring at me with a wide smirk on her face. "And speak loud enough for your friend to hear you." 

"No, black goddess," Eliza answered, her voice trembling but louder, "I don't want to stop licking your pussy." 

"My what, you silly bimbo slut?" Jazmine questioned further, her tone both mocking and scolding. 

I was frozen speechless... completely shocked by Eliza's words... and at allowing someone to call her a slut. 

"Your delicious black cunt," Eliza declared, her voice louder and sounding less ashamed. 

"That's better, slut," Jazmine said, still staring at me as she snapped her fingers and Eliza obediently rocked her face back between Jazmine's legs. 

I was astonished! 

I was aghast! 

I was furious! 

Jazmine then repeated to me, "Lock the door. If anyone walked in it would be Eliza looking bad, not me." 

I reluctantly did as I was told, trying to process the surreal act I had walked in on and all that had followed. 

"Good girl," she said, her tone condescending. 

I turned back around and asked, "What did you do to her?" 

"I simply guided her to her natural place as a white submissive to blacks," she answered casually, as if her response wasn't ludicrous. 

"You sound as racist as my grandfather," I replied, having spent my entire life listening to old-fashioned racism, my grandfather still part of the KKK. This, though, was the first time I'd heard such sentiments from the opposite point of view. 

Jazmine laughed, "Aha, you're one of those." 

This pissed me off. I was definitely not one of those. I snapped, "Don't judge me based on my ancestry." 

She shrugged as she moaned, "Fair enough, bitch. But now we've finally come full circle." 

"How so?" I asked, even as I again stared at her huge breasts and wished mine were bigger. Not that big, though. I also realized I shouldn't keep encouraging her by allowing her to continue psychoanalyzing me. 

"After centuries of denial, white men and women are finally accepting their natural DNA and submitting to black cock and pussy," she answered, again as if what she was saying were just common sense and the way it was. 

I chuckled, as I summarized, "So every white guy wants to suck black cock and every white girl wants to eat black pussy?" 

"Exactly," she nodded, ignoring my sarcastic tone. She continued, "And of course once a skinny white skank like you has hosted a big black cock in her cunt she becomes forever after a cock slut for black dick." 

"What about white guys and black pussy, then?" I sarcastically asked. 

"I can get almost any white boy to cheat on their frigid white bitch with me, and almost without fail I can get them to suck black dick too," she replied. 

"That is hilarious," I scoffed, both at her ridiculous statements, but also at the reality that she believed them... of course, even as I scoffed, I still couldn't help staring at her tits... although not out of lust, just jealousy that a bitch like her got to have such tits. 

"You have a white boyfriend don't you?" she asked, "Joey?" 

"Yeah," I nodded, knowing he would never suck a cock... he was as straight as they come and if anything, slightly homophobic. 

"Bet I could have him sucking cock in a week," she stated confidently. 

"No way," I said, knowing that was an impossibility. I had indeed been curious about the big black cock myth and if I were single I would likely try one if given the opportunity... but I don't cheat. 

"Is that a dare?" she asked. 

"No, I didn't say that," I quickly replied, no longer wanting to play this sordid game. 

"Scared I'm right?" she questioned with a smug smile. 

Wanting to wipe that smile right off her face I responded, "I'm definitely not scared." 

"Want to make a bet?" she challenged. 

"What do I get when you lose?" I smugly challenged, allowing this to get way out of hand, but someone had to put this bitch in place... not only for poor Eliza who had helplessly continued licking during this entire conversation, but to stand up for white women everywhere. 

"Whatever you want," she said. 

"You will bring the entire cheerleader team to every gymnastics meet this year and cheer us on," I said. 

"Deal," she nodded. "And when I win, you eat my pussy." 

"Whatever," I shrugged, even as a chill went up my spine at the possibility. 

"And you can play with my tits for free," she added, as she began to grind her pussy on my best friend's face roughly. "Now If you don't mind, I need to get off and your friend here has a great fucking tongue." 

I should have left, but I was transfixed on her tits bouncing around and on the shocking abuse of the face of my straight best friend. 

I convinced myself I was staying to make sure Eliza was okay, but I was undeniably in awe at what I was witnessing. My pussy was leaking into my panties... betraying me. 

"Oh yes, lick that black pussy," Jazmine moaned, again looking directly at me, which made me look away. 

Jazmine then asked, "Do you want my cum, slut?" 

I thought she was calling me a slut, but I turned to see and hear Eliza lustfully respond, looking up at Jazmine, "Yes, black goddess, show Tasha how big a black cunt-craving bimbo slave I am." 

I continued to be stunned at what I was witnessing, at what I was hearing. 

"Do you think Tasha would enjoy being a black cunt slave too?" Jazmine questioned, smirking at me. 

To my surprise, she sold me out as she answered, although with much less eagerness than her earlier admission, "Yes." 

"Yes, what?" Jazmine questioned, clarifying, "you know my white cunt-munching slaves are not ashamed of their submissive slave duties." 

"Yes, Tasha would make a great slave," Eliza declared, "she'd love it!" continuing to keep me baffled even as another gush of wetness soiled my panties. 

"Hear that Tasha?" Jazmine taunted, as she again snapped her fingers and again Eliza obediently buried her white face between the black legs. 

"What have you done to her?" I questioned, "are you a hypnotist?" still not convinced Eliza was doing this completely of her own accord. 

"Just gave her a taste of heaven and showed her that her natural desire is to submit to the stronger race, isn't that right my bimbo slave?" Jazmine explained, pulling Eliza away from her pussy again. 

"Yes, my black goddess," Eliza answered without hesitation. "I was born to serve black cunt." 

"Because you are a what?" Jazmine asked, snapping her fingers and pointing to me. 

Eliza turned around, her face glistening with wetness as she looked directly into my eyes and said, "I'm sorry you had to see this Tasha, but you might as well know that I'm a bimbo slave for black pussy." 

"Why are you sorry?" Jazmine questioned, her tone suddenly stern and annoyed. 

"I'm not sorry to be your bimbo cunt-licking slave, I'm just sorry Tasha had to find out so abruptly," my best friend explained, giving me a clear 'I'm sorry' look with her eyes. 

"But you'd like your best friend to join you as a bimbo slave, wouldn't you?" Jazmine asked. 

Eliza looked me in the eyes and admitted, "Yes, black goddess, I think Tasha would be a very good, obedient, loyal, cunt-licking slave for the Beta Gamma Sorority." 

Sorority? I thought to myself, too stunned to speak...as I watched my best friend so weak, so completely not herself. (Anglicizing the Greek, I decided that BC probably stood for Black Cunt.) 

Jazmine again snapped her fingers and pointed to her pussy and Eliza instantly turned back around, consumed with obedient lust as she again buried her face into the black pussy... which I suddenly thought was a ludicrous term as both a black pussy and a white pussy were pink inside. 

"Last chance Tasha, I'm not going to last much longer," Jazmine offered. 

"I'm fine," I replied, although I definitely wasn't fine... far from it. 

I was angry at the ridiculous racist stereotypes Jazmine was spewing. 

I was stunned at Eliza's actions and words. How long had she been a submissive to Jazmine? Was she also a submissive to what appeared to be a blacks-only sorority? 

I was embarrassed by my own weakness not to do anything but watch helplessly. 

I was confused by my obsession with those big black breasts that I literally couldn't stop staring at. 

I was doubly confused by the wetness in my panties. Why was this turning me on? I wasn't a lesbian! I wasn't even really a submissive, although I could be when drinking. 

"Oh yes, you cunt-licking slave, eat my twat," Jazmine screamed, as she leaned back, closed her eyes, her huge, heaving tits taunting me. 

I don't know how long I was staring at her massive breasts, her huge areoles and her big hard nipples, before she ordered, "Come suck on them, Tasha. Resistance is futile." 

I could feel my body urging me on. 

Just one suck. 

Cup them just once. 

Yet, my moral compass managed to hold me at bay. As I responded as if I didn't care at all, "Just hurry up and come so we can go." 

"You'll regret this," she warned me, again closing her eyes. 

I resumed watching... staring at her tits... at Eliza's head moving up and down. 

"Oh yes, you nigger-loving cunt-munching slave, get ready for my cum," Jazmine groaned, as I gasped out loud at her use of the taboo 'n' word. 

Seconds later Jazmine moaned loudly as she announced her orgasm, as she again pulled Eliza's head deep into her cunt, "I'm coming, slut!" 

Her entire body was shaking, making me stare at her tits even more as they bounced around, making my head follow them. 

Then there was silence. 

Eliza kept licking as Jazmine sat there in the afterglow of her orgasm, looking oddly radiant. 

My very next thought betrayed me again as I wondered what Jazmine would taste like. I also wondered what it would feel like to have a girl (Eliza?) get me off with her tongue. Joey wasn't really good at it, although he did try. 

I cursed myself for both these thoughts as Jazmine let go of Eliza's head and said, "You may go, slave. As usual, my gift stays on your face until you shower tomorrow morning." 

"Thank you for the privilege of serving you, goddess," Eliza said, giving Jazmine a little curtsy as she stood up. 

"You're welcome," she said, "now get out of here." 

Eliza, with her head down, sheepishly walked past me, unlocked the door and left. 

I glanced back to get one last look at Jazmine's tits, but this time was stunned by a clear look at her shaved, glistening pussy. 

I quickly turned away and also headed out. 

I didn't say anything to Eliza, instead quietly following her to her car. Once there, I asked, "Still want to go to the movie?" 

She turned around and broke down in tears and said, "I'm sorry." 

I pulled her in for a hug. "It's okay," I tenderly comforted, not asking any of the plethora of questions bouncing around in my head. 

"I didn't want you to know," she said between sobs. 

"Are you a lesbian?" I asked, deciding to ask the one big question. 

"N-n-no," she stammered, before adding, "I just can't say no to Jazmine." 

"Is she blackmailing you?" I questioned, assuming that was a logical explanation for what I had just witnessed. 

"No," she answered, tears really streaming down her face now. 

"You sure?" I asked, rubbing her back. 

"Yes," she answered between sobs. 

I noticed she wasn't giving me more than one-word answers, so wanting to know more I asked, "Why, then?" 

She wiped the tears from her face and answered, "I can't explain it, but I crave her dominance and her pussy." 

"Really?" I asked. 

"Yes, you saw me," she said. "She called me, I went to her without thought. Her pussy is completely addicting." 

"But you're not a lesbian," I pointed out. 

"I know," she nodded, "but even though every time I leave I tell myself I won't ever go back, the moment she texts me I drop everything and scoot." 

"Is that why you disappeared during the last competition?" I asked, recalling her suddenly gone just moments before her she was supposed to compete on balance beam, thus our extra had competed in her place and we'd lost. She later told me she had suddenly felt really sick. 

Again the tears began to stream as she struggled to admit the truth. "Yes, she texted me to meet her in the cheerleaders' room ASAP or I would never get to serve her again." 

"Serve her?" I questioned. 

"Yes," she nodded. "And before I even had time to ponder the consequences I told coach I had cramps and scurried out to the bathroom and then to her." 

"We've got to stop this," I said, furious at how Jazmine was somehow blackmailing or manipulating Eliza, even though she didn't seem to think so... but I was beginning to see abused woman syndrome in her. 

"I don't want it to stop," Eliza whispered. 

"Pardon?" I asked, not sure I'd heard her correctly. 

"I know you won't understand or approve, but I don't want this to stop," she repeated, her voice a bit louder and stronger. 

"What the hell? Why?" I asked, even though I too had felt an unmistakable draw as Jazmine had tried to control me. 

"It feels natural and I enjoy doing it," she admitted. 

"But she is humiliating you," I pointed out. 

"Yes, she is..." she nodded, before pausing as if wanting to say more but not sure she should. 

"What? You can tell me," I said, trying to be supportive while also trying to understand. 

"The humiliation itself is a turn-on," she explained. 

"It is?" I asked, recalling the wetness in my panties as I'd witnessed the humiliation. 

"I can't explain it, but I crave being her sex slave," she said, before adding, "and I'm addicted to her cunt." 

"Her 'c' word?" I questioned, shocked to hear Eliza use a word I knew had always offended her. 

"Jazmine insists I always use that word," Eliza explained. 

"I'm not sure what to say," I finally said, completely baffled. 

"She plans to add you," Eliza revealed. 

"Add me?" I asked, even though I assumed I knew what she meant, based on Jazmine's earlier taunts to me. 

"Yes," Eliza nodded. "Jazmine says you're a natural submissive." 

"How would she even think that?" I asked. I then remembered Eliza's affirmative words about my suitability for sex slavery, "Did you tell her that?" 

"No, no, no," she shook her head adamantly. "And I'm so sorry for what I said in there... when I'm between her legs I'm no longer myself." 

"You did sell me out pretty quickly," I said. 

"I know," she nodded. "But truthfully? At the time I totally believed it." 

"What?" I gasped. 

"I know it's absurd, but in the lust of the moment all I saw in your face was curiosity," she said. 

"I was curious," I agreed. "But only about why you were licking her." 

"Again, I'm sorry, but that bet you guys made is dangerous," she warned. 

"Joey won't suck anyone's cock," I said confidently. 

"I've seen at least a dozen guys at this college suck black cock the past couple of weeks and if rumours are true, there is even a secret bathroom somewhere on campus where white guys go to suck black cock or even get fucked," she said, pulling her keys out of her purse. 

"No way," I said, this sounding almost as absurd as what I had just witnessed... although what I had just witnessed was real. 

"I'm serious. You know Jeremy from Psych class?" she asked, as she opened her car door for me. 

"Yeah," I nodded; he was on the football team and super good-looking. 

"I watched him at a glory hole not only sucking cock, but bent over and riding a cock in his ass," she said, before walking around and getting in the car. 
