 Ruby and Tammy were out on the town on Saturday night. Tammy lovingly stared into the big brown eyes of her lover as they sat in a booth sipping wine at a lively lesbian club. The 25 yr. old blond teacher told Ruby, " This seems so surreal, just think, a month ago I was a straight conservative teacher that stayed home on Saturday nights reading. Now here I am in a lesbian bar with my dominating black lover. I cherish the time we spend together but I can't help feeling that you want more, that you want others. Please be honest with me and I will do what ever it takes to please you. I love you so much and couldn't bear to lose you."

"I love you too, before you, I just wanted to fuck them and move on to the next one. I want you to always be part of my life; but I must confess, I still want to seduce and dominate other women!(Have my cake and eat it too), so to speak."

" I don't just love you, I adore you and will worship at the feet of my black love goddess. I am your obedient sex slave. You have but to command and I will obey."

"Wow! You just made me the happiest lesbian on earth. Be prepared to go on a sexual adventure; if you think your life has changed so much now, just wait. Are you sure that you are ready to join the swinging lifestyle?"

Her blue eyes filled with wonder as Tammy nervously replied, "I'm not sure of anything except that I love you totally and will do anything you want me to do."

" Up until now, my pussy is the only one that you have tasted, that will soon change. No time like the present. Let's see what we can get into. This is going to be fun."

Ruby led Tammy to the dance floor and held the blond girl tight as they danced. They were a study in contrast; the slender blond woman in her white dress and the muscular black goddess in her mini-skirt and tank-top and white braids in her black hair. The ebony beauty pressed her huge tits to the white girl's smaller ones. Black hands with bright red nail polish massaged the shapely buttocks of the startled teacher. "What are you doing? Not here, people will see us."

Ruby whispered in her ear, "That's half the fun, let them see your cute little ass and know that your ass is mine. You will soon discover that knowing others are watching is exciting and will turn you on even more." One hand was squeezing her ass check and the other hand slipped down and into her white panties. "Your fucking panties are soaked, take them off."

"I can't do that here on the dance floor!"

"No problem bitch, I will do it for you!" Ruby quickly pulled Tammy's panties down to her ankles, bent over and had her lift one foot at a time. Tammy's face turned crimson as Ruby pulled the panties from her feet. The blond teacher wished she could find a hole to crawl into, she felt that every one in the place was staring at her. The ebony seductress tossed the panties in the corner and told Tammy that she didn't need them anymore. 

They continued dancing and Ruby lifted the back of the white woman's dress and squeezed her buttocks with one hand as she held the dress up with the other hand. The black vixen maneuvered her to a table with two Latin women. Ruby had noticed the lust in their eyes at the sight of Tammy's sweet little ass and decided to give them a close up view. The blond teacher moaned as a long black finger was inserted into her tight ass-hole. 

"Would you like us to join you?" Ruby asked the two Latin women.

"Sure!"

"Come dance with my baby while I go back to our table and get our stuff." 

Both Latin women jumped out of their seats, eager to dance with the foxy blond teacher. They were dressed in matching outfits; gray slacks, black dress shirts and suspenders. They both had short dark hair but could not be mistaken for men with their enormous tits. Marie had 36D's and Carmen had 38DD's. Marie stood 5' 5" and was 22yrs. old, with brown eyes. Carmen was 5'8", 24yrs. old and had big green eyes. Carmen took Tammy in her arms and began dancing with her. Not wanting to be left out, Marie pressed into Tammy's back and danced with her from behind! Tammy was literally the center of attention.

On her way to the table, Ruby spotted a gorgeous blond woman walk thru the door. The woman looked so out of place in her pink sundress and tears were running from her big blue eyes. Having a weakness for blond women, Ruby could not resist the temptation to befriend and seduce the beauty in distress. The muscular black seductress grabbed the white girl by the shoulders and asked, "What's the matter darling? It breaks my heart to see a beautiful woman like you crying. Is there anything that I can do to help?"

She sobbed, "Today was our first anniversary, the plan was to surprise my husband; there were noises coming from his office and when I cracked the door open, there he was fucking some tramp. This is the first bar that I came to and I want to get drunk!" The black sex goddess clutched the arm of the upset beauty and guided her to the table. Ruby learned that the girl was not used to drinking and didn't know what to order; just that she wanted something strong.

Ruby got herself a scotch on the rocks and a triple rum and coke for her new friend. The girl told Ruby that her name was April, she was 21, had been married for one year and had never been with any one else but wanted to get even with the bastard. April quickly downed her drink and Ruby got another, just a double this time. Ruby told April that she was with friends and they should join them.

As they walked to the table, Ruby made a mental note to give April single shot drinks from now on, the double and triple shot drinks made her new friend tipsy. 

Tammy was sitting in the middle of the two Latin lesbians; she looked uncomfortable being fondled by the aggressive women. Ruby and April sat across from the trio. April surveyed the room, observed the dance floor, and inquired, "Where are all the men?" That brought a chuckle from the women at the table. Marie suggested they go to her house and party. 

They all piled in Ruby's car, Tammy was in the back seat with the two hot Latin ladies and April sat in the passenger seat. Tammy was being molested in the back seat and Ruby admiringly glanced over at April. The 5'8" house -wife displayed long thin creamy legs and her blond hair fell to the top of her 34C breast. Ruby felt the arousal in her pussy; her desire grew as she admired the many charms of the alluring blond housewife. Ruby was consumed with lust; her pussy twitched and tingled. She could not wait to fuck the tipsy wife. Just as her black hand rested on the white thighs, Marie pointed out her house and they parked in the driveway.

Tammy sat on the sofa with her new lovers and Ruby and April were seated on the love seat. It did not take long for the women to remove the dress from Tammy. They finger fucked her and sucked her nipples. Her hands were placed on their laps and she gasped in shock. Marie and Carmen laughed and disrobed. They took off the tape that was holding down two 10" black dildos, they removed their shirts, freeing their huge tits and stroked their cocks asking Tammy if she liked them. The startled little blond schoolteacher shyly answered, "Wow! I've never seen anything like these before, what should I do with them?"

"Don't worry, baby, we'll show you!" The women forced her to suck the big dildos; she slobbered all over them as she tried in vain to fit them in her tiny mouth. Then she was directed to the huge tits with large brown aureoles and pointy nipples. Tammy sucked with fervor; she gleefully nursed on the rubbery nipples. Carmen lifted the dildo up and demanded that Tammy eat her cunt. Her blond head was roughly pressed to the steaming cunt and she eagerly lapped the shaved slit. From behind, Marie inserted the dildo in the hungry blond-pussy.

Now totally turned on, Ruby kissed April on the lips and explored her mouth with her long tongue. Ruby kissed her ear and neck and traveled down to her breast. The ebony goddess removed a tit from the sundress and sucked on the pink nipple. Her black hand brushed up April's creamy white leg and two fingers were inserted in her moist love hole. "Please stop, we shouldn't do this. I'm straight and am not attracted to women. I don't want to do this."

The black seductress finger-fucked her harder and said, "I want to fuck you and no matter what you say, this soaking wet cunt of yours tells me that it wants to be fucked!" The exotic black woman lifted the sundress over the frightened blond girl's head, unclasped the pink bra, and pulled down the pink panties. Her long tongue joined her fingers and darted up the pink slit. The blond housewife moaned and squealed as she was brought to a rousing orgasm.

Ruby stood up and got naked; the domineering black woman grabbed a fistful of blond hair and pulled April off the loveseat on to the floor on her knees. "You stupid white cunt; you liked that didn't you, bitch? Tell me how much you loved it."

The frightened blond girl answered, "I loved it, yes, it felt so good."

Ruby moved her feet apart, spreading her legs open wider; she was still tightly holding the blond hair with one hand and opened her own hairy black pussy with the other. "Looks inviting, doesn't it bitch? I want you to worship my black cunt! Suck my clit and pussy lips and lick my pussy like a cat laps milk. Then stick your pink tongue as far up my cunt as you possibly can!" The pretty white face was pressed to the hot black pussy. April could smell the sweet aroma of sex and she was mesmerized by the smell and the clit that grew larger than hers, she didn't know that a clit could be so big. She licked the clit and then sucked it like a little dick. The slender blond then sucked the fat pussy lips and lovingly licked and sucked the whole pussy into her mouth. Soon, not only her licking tongue but her nose as well, was buried in the smoldering black cunt. April licked, kissed and sucked feverishly; she took to black pussy like a duck to water.

"Oh yeah baby, you're a fucking keeper, look up at me. I want to see those big blue eyes as you eat my black cunt! Oh, hell yeah, now I'm going to cum all over you're sweet face; lick up every drop of my love juice, lick my ass hole too. I can feel the juice trickle to my ass hole." The sexy black beauty turned around and stuck her buttocks in the white girl's face. The white girl put her tongue up the hole and sucked out every drop. The white housewife then kissed all over the shapely black buttocks, pink lipstick marks covered the beautiful- black ass.

"Pretty baby, you really liked your chocolate treat, didn't you? Are you sure that it was the first time you ate pussy? I love the way you eat my black pussy!" Ruby released her grip on the blond hair and began to tenderly run her black fingers thru the gold-locks. 

"Oh yes, your pussy taste scrumptious! I had no idea that it would be so delicious. If my husband wasn't fucking around and if I didn't drink so much, I never would have known the joy of eating pussy! Perhaps I should thank him."

Ruby was about to answer her when she was distracted by a loud scream; Tammy was on the sofa straddling Marie as Carmen was fucking her ass. Tammy looked like a rag doll flailing about while being fiercely fucked in both holes. Then Ruby caught a movement on the steps and was surprised to see an older woman in a robe that was open. The heavyset woman was fingering her hairy hole. She raised a finger to her mouth, signaling Ruby to be quiet. Ruby smiled and waived her hand for the woman to come down the stairs. 

The woman walked over to the sofa and said, "Don't fuck the poor girl to death, give her a break."

With a swish and a plop, the dildos were withdrawn from Tammy's two fuck holes. Marie was upset and embarrassed, she cried out, "Mom!! How long have you been here? Did we wake you up? I'm sorry, please don't be angry." 

The woman told her daughter to take Carmen to her room and fuck each other. The 44yr. old woman introduced herself as Sofia as the two young women ran up the stairs. She sat on the sofa and put her arms around Tammy to comfort her. "I hope my daughter and her friend didn't hurt you with those big black dildos. I have no idea why they have to be so rough. A sweet little girl like you should be treated right. I have a weak spot for young blond girls. I can't help it, you are so beautiful." The older woman guided Tammy's face to her humongous tits. "Suck mommy's big tits little girl, put your sweet lips on my big nipples. That's it baby, now feel how wet you made my pussy as you nurse my tits. Oh yeah,baby, don't stop. Ohhhhh baby, suck my big tits, put more fingers in my hot pussy. Yessss!!!" 

Ruby was getting hot watching her girl friend being seduced by the older woman. She sat on the sofa and told April to eat her hot cunt again. April dove right in, the young blond eagerly gobbled up the delicious black pussy. Ruby looked over at Sofia and said, "We have something in common, I love pretty blond white girls, especially with blue eyes. It makes me cum just watching them eat my cunt, it's so fucking hot!"

"There is nothing in the world quite like it. This sweet young thing gets me wet just looking at her." Sofia pushed Tammy's head down to her pussy and cooed, "Baby eat mommy's cunt, lick it and suck it. Mommy wants to cum all over your pretty face." Tammy could smell the aroma of the aroused pussy and the long black pubic hair tickled her face; the hairy pussy was big and the pussy lips were fat. Hot juice dripped from the gaping cunt, Tammy felt her own pussy getting wetter and a tingling sensation covered her entire body. Goose bumps appeared on her arms. The thought of eating this big hairy cunt seemed lewd and obscene. Tammy could not understand why, but this only intensified her desire to taste the juicy cunt.

"Come on baby, make mommy happy." The petite blond licked the juices with long laps of her pink tongue. She succumbed to the desire to devour the succulent cunt, she licked, and sucked with a burning passion; it was as if she wanted to get her whole head up the sopping cunt! "Yeah, little girl, feast on mommy's hairy cunt, suck it girl, yes, just like that! Oh shit, soooo goodddd, yessss!!!" Sofia held the blond head tight to her burning cunt as she reached a long, rolling orgasm.

Ruby was grinding her black pussy into April's face as she too reached orgasm. "Don't you think that these two blond white girls look sexy with their pretty faces glistening with our cum?" 

Sofia laughed and answered, "They sure do! Let's change partners!" Tammy crawled over and feasted on her black lovers cunt and April brought momma to another rousing orgasm. Sofia served coffee to everyone, and was surprised to learn that Tammy and Ruby were a couple. Ruby explained everything to the puzzled Sofia. The Latin mommy expressed a desire to see the blonds again and told them that she owned a dry cleaning store and hoped business would pick up so she could give her girls a raise. 

"Why don't we give them a treat instead? How many girls do you have working for you?"

"I have six women ranging from 18to55, four Latin and two black, there are no men."

"Very good, They could all face fuck my little blond sluts and you could pay me by giving me free dry cleaning for a year!"

"You've got a deal!" Ruby and Sofia exchanged numbers, Ruby and the girls left for her place. 

On the way home, the black goddess asked April what she was going to do about her husband. "I am going to leave the cheating bastard; I would rather eat pussy than make love to the fucking slob. If I ever crave a cock, I can always go out with Marie and Carmen! Your girlfriend seemed to enjoy getting fucked by the big black dildos."

Ruby smiled and told April to stay with her until she finds a lawyer. Learning that the young wife did not know a lawyer, Ruby informed her that she had a friend that was an attorney and she would make the cheating husband pay big time. Tammy pouted, looking hurt and jealous. Ruby told Tammy that she wanted her to stay too. "I want my bitches to get along with each other. When we get home, you two will eat each other's cunts. That is a great way to become friends."

When they got home Ruby made the girls strip naked and get in the bed. Ruby smiled when she saw their eyes fill with desire and lust when the black goddess slowly disrobed, teasing them with her ebony charms. "Tammy, you've been a naughty little girl. You must learn not to get jealous, April is my friend, therefore she is your friend; now get on your fucking knees and eat her cunt!" Tammy marveled at the difference between this small pink pussy and Sofia's big brown cunt. She proceeded to eat the pink pussy with vigor. Ruby straddled April's blond head and lowered her smoldering cunt to the pretty face. Hungry red lips that tried to devour the delicious chocolate cunt, met the black pussy with kisses and a flickering tongue. Then April sucked the cunt like a vacuum cleaner. Panting with lust, the ebony mistress told Tammy that when she made April cum, they could trade places. Before they went to sleep, Ruby made the blond girls kiss and lick her ebony body with their sweet lips and licking tongues. They each sucked Ruby's toes and licked her feet, competing for approval from their black seductress. They were ordered by their dominating black mistress to suck her cunt and ass. They willingly complied, Ruby decided that she loved the two blond girls vying for her approval. She told them that they were good girls as they went to sleep. 

In the morning, Tammy went home to shower before going to work. Ruby took April to see her lawyer friend. Linda Burk was a petite black woman in her early thirties. She wore black eye glasses and a gray business suit with a skirt, revealing shapely brown legs. Ms. Burk informed them that proving the husband's infidelity would assure them a victory in court. Moreover, a settlement would probably be reached before they went to court. Knowing that the fee was coming up next, Ruby coyly stated, "I am aware of your sexual preference; could we work out a deal for your fee? April is a hot bitch and loves eating black pussy!"

"What makes you think that I have to pay for sex? I have several lovers."

"I am sure you do, but do you have a blond, white girl that looks like April?"

"She does look nice and I am so busy with work, it leaves me very little time for a social life, maybe we could work something out; but she would have to be available when I want her. How about a sample right now! If she does good, then it's a deal."

Linda leaned on the large mahogany desk; her luscious buttocks were displayed when she lifted up her skirt. "Get the fuck over here and suck my pussy from behind, do it right and make me cum. If you want to be my client without paying; you will have to be my black pussy pleasing white fuck-slut!" 

April tentatively approached the black ass sticking up in the air. The blond-wife tugged down the black thong and gazed at the inviting black ass. Her white hands massaged the firm black ass cheeks. The white girl was spellbound by the erotic view. She bent over and proceeded to lovingly kiss the black skin of the attorney's sexy buttocks. April went to her knees and kissed the slender legs, licked and kissed the black thighs and then returned her attention to the wiggling ebony ass. The blond girl worked her way to the hungry cunt and licked it. Soon she was licking and sucking feverishly; her nose was buried in the black ass hole. Instead of being repulsed by the smell of the ass hole, April felt more aroused than ever before. 

"That's it, white girl, tongue fuck me, and worship my black cunt and ass. Oh shittt.. I'm cumingggg!!!, Suck it up bitch, now tongue fuck my ass hole. Yesssssss!!!!" Ms. Burk reached back and pushed the blond head tightly to her ass. After shaking to another orgasm, Linda Burk turned around, lifted the chin of the white girl and said, "You are now officially my client. You look so good with my-cum all over your white slut face! Today we will send out an investigator to get the goods on your husband. I anticipate that you will receive a favorable settlement. When we get the evidence that we need, I want you to come to my home to celebrate. White girl, your face was made to be fucked by black pussy and I want to sit on your sweet face all night long. Ruby did a great job with you; you are a fine cunt lapper!" April blushed and Linda kissed her goodbye, saying that she looked forward to seeing her again soon
