 You had lost a bet and now it was time to pay up—though getting a nice pair of new shoes wasn't such a bad thing.

You dressed just as I told you—your little black dress, pearl necklace and earrings, thigh-high black stockings, and black heels—but no panties!

We drove downtown and found the store; a small, high-end shoe store with a ritzy clientele. It was 8:45 and the store would be closing soon. Just what I wanted.

You got out of the car and entered the store. There was only one other customer in the store who was at the counter completing a purchase. The cashier called out, "I'll be with you in a second."

"Thanks" you said, with a hint of nervousness in your voice. 

Where would this encounter lead? What would happen? The unknown was both frightening and exhilarating.

While the clerk finished with the purchase you looked over a variety of shoes, positioning yourself in such a way that you could get a good look at the clerk.

She looked to be about 30. A beautiful face with deep brown eyes, full lips, perfect teeth and a wonderfully inviting smile. She wore a black skirt which was knee-length. Her shoulder-length dark, wavy hair fell on a white blouse accented with a lace collar.

Finished with her customer who had just left the store, she approached you and asked, "What may I help you with?"

"I'm looking for a pair of black heels. I don't really have anything in mind particularly, so I'd like to try on several pairs if you don't mind."

"Absolutely. It would be my pleasure to help you find just the right shoe."

"I have a bit of a problem, however," you said. "Sometimes one foot measures slightly different in size than the other."

"That's not unusual. I have a lot of customers with one foot a half-size different than the other. Why don't you sit down and I'll measure them for you."

Now the game was about to begin. As she went to find the device to measure your shoe size you sat down, shifting just enough to make the hem of your dress hike up just a bit.

She sat down in front of you on a stool. She slipped off your right shoe. "Let's measure this one first."

As she took your foot and bent over, you parted your legs slightly, wondering if you had moved your leg enough so that she could catch a glimpse of your shaved pussy. Just thinking about that caused a shiver to go up your spine.

It was hard to tell whether she could see your pussy or even if she had looked. So when she took your left foot in hand and bent over to measure it, you parted your legs even more, certain that if she looked now she could see your naked pussy.

As she sat up you weren't quite sure by watching her gaze whether or not she had seen what now felt like a slightly damp pussy. But there it was, the telltale sign that something was happening. As you looked at her you could see that her nipples were erect and protruding thru her bra and blouse. Something was happening in her body and you were pretty sure that you had been the cause!

She took the initial pair of shoes that you had been looking at and said, "Let me see if I can find these in your size."

As she walked away from you to the back stockroom you noticed her lovely shape; long, shapely legs, nice firm butt, and a trim waist.

You shifted in your chair, feeling some uncertainty about where this would all lead, but with a slightly tingling feeling in your body, sensing that her body had told you she found you sexy.

You moved again, hiking up the hem of your little black dress even more.

She returned again with a pair of shoes in your size. As she sat down on the stool in front of you, it caught your attention—she had unbuttoned her blouse so that you could see her exquisite lacy bra.

Taking your right foot, she bent over to slip it in the shoe, and as she did so you could see into her blouse and bra and noticed her sumptuous breasts. Again you spread your legs knowing that she was able to see you now throbbing pussy.

Without a word, she took your left foot in her hand, sending shivers of sensation thru your body. Once more as she bent down, her lovely breasts came into view. With your legs now parted even more, there was absolutely no doubt that if her eyes were open she would be looking at your pussy.

She sat up and asked, "How do they feel?"

Your feet felt fine, but it was the sensation in your pussy you were unsure of!

"Why not walk around a bit in them and see how they feel?" she asked.

On slightly wobbly legs you got up and moved around the store.

"They fit well, but I think I want a different look. Do you have something you can show me?" Your question pertained to more than the shoes!

"Let me see what I can do."

She disappeared into the back room and you sat down feeling like things were definitely progressing in an interesting way.

After what seemed like hours, she returned with another box of shoes in hand. But it wasn't the shoe box you noticed. She had obviously spent time in the back removing her bra. Now your pulse rate increased.

She sat down on the stool in front of you again, but as she did so her skirt hiked up ever so slightly and she parted her legs. Now you did a double-take. Not only was she no longer wearing a bra, but she wasn't wearing any panties either, exposing her shaved pussy to your eager eyes!

"These shoes are favorites of many of our customers. I thought you might like to try them on." She spoke without the slightest indication that her pussy was now open to your gaze.

"Most of my customers, though, find they prefer to wear them without stockings. May I?" She nodded to your hose-clad legs.

"Yes" was all you could say.

With that you spread your legs in an inviting fashion as she reached up under your dress to find the top of your hose. As she took the top of your hose in her hands, her hand closest to your pussy brushed the outer lips of your pussy. The feeling was exquisite. She expertly rolled your hose down off your left leg and dropped the stocking on the floor. 

Then she reached up your right leg. You leaned back slightly in the chair, opened your legs even further as her hands made their way up under your dress. This time her hand didn't stop at the top of your hose, but her finger expertly was inserted into your pussy. Then with her thumb she began to gently caress and massage your clitoris. Wow! You were in heaven. You had a wonderful sensation building in your body, but before it reached the point of no return, she removed her thumb and finger and rolled the stocking from your leg.

As she placed the shoes on your feet you could see her entire breast as she bent over; nipple and areola. 

"What do you think?" she asked.

"Nice, but I guess I'm looking for more detail." Again your answer referred to more than simply shoes.

"I think I have just what you're looking for." It seemed now as if her words implied more than shoes as well.

You caught your breath as she left for a few short moments.

Returning, she turned to the front door, locked it, shut off the lighted sign and lowered the windowshades. "Closing time. Wouldn't want any further interruptions, would we?"

As she said this she walked toward you unbuttoning the last buttons of her blouse. Continuing to walk toward you she deftly unclasped her skirt, unzipped it and let it drop to the floor.

As your eyes locked on hers, she was standing in front of you—a nearly naked goddess with only a completely unbuttoned blouse covering her shoulders.

Without a word she sat on the stool with her legs completely spread, bent over taking your right foot in her hand and moved it to her pussy. She then proceeded to masturbate herself with your big toe! You were absolutely amazed at how sexy this was to you! You were completely mesmerized and you tried to move your toe over her clitoris in a way that brought her pleasure.

With your legs completely spread you thrilled as you watched her orgasm build. Her nipples were erect, the muscles in her stomach hardened, her clitoris stiffened and she came in a loud, shuddering orgasm.

She relaxed more quickly than you imagined she would and then silently she took your hand. You stood up and walked hand-in-hand with her to the employee lounge.

Standing before a love seat. She moved behind you and removed your necklace. Then she unzipped your little black dress and it slid harmlessly to the floor.

Here you were, standing completely naked in a room with a stranger, hoping beyond hope for what you wanted to take place next.

Her hands moved softly over the curves of your body; shoulders, arms, hands, waist, buttocks. Then she slipped in front of you and knelt down. Her tongue began to lick slow, large circles around your outer lips.

The pleasure began building, your legs began weakening and you laid back on the love seat with your legs completely spread as you said, "Please, please make me cum!"

Now her tongue worked more vigorously, moving around, in, and out increasing your pleasure. You could feel the wetness oozing from your pussy and her tongue eagerly licking up all the moisture that came from it. This was absolute heaven!

With a tremendous spasm from your scalp to your toes you shouted, "I'm cumming!"

After a few moments to relax, you laid her on the loveseat. Your tongue explored the depths of her pussy, focusing on her clitoris. Her previous orgasm caused a quick return and she came quickly.

You kissed her gently, said thanks, redressed and let yourself out of the store.

You climbed into the front passenger seat of the car. Spreading your legs, I briefly explored, then started the car, heading home for a long night of memorably passionate love-making!