 Author Note: This is a second short involving Captain Lauren Blackburn, and takes place after Blackburn. I hope you enjoy.

*****

Blackburn's Fitting:

Two days after her night in the Palace, Lauren had her official commission signed by the queen. With it came her transfer to the Queen's Guard, and the key to her own apartment in the Guard barracks. She had spent last night there, moving in with what little belongings she had had brought to Flanders. The bed was nice, the room larger than any she'd had before the commission. 

The soldiers had given her odd looks, but a hustled prostitute and some rum had already earned her some respect in the eyes of the soldiers. The rest had been earned with some careful transfers of soldiers from her former company that had been happy for an opportunity to spend two years in London. Among the enlisted the stories of Flander's would spread. She just needed to back them up.

Of course, the Queen was doing her bit too. For her own gain, as she had even admitted, of course, but it was still occurring. Newspapers were all running the story of how she had won Flanders. How she had secured victory in that crucial battle across the Channel. In public, she spoke the truth, of the soldiers under her command. It had the unintended consequence of making her seem humble, which aligned with the queen's need of her image.

Today was a new day. Clad in her old ranger's uniform, she was making her way to a tailor. A tailor recommended by Eloise herself. For a Captain in the Queen's Guard would need a sharp and crisp uniform. Appearance may not be everything, but in the court, it was as important as dry gunpowder.

Making her way through the coal smelling streets of London, she nodded politely to those that waved at her. She was easily recognizable, being an officer in her ranger's uniform in the capital. And a woman. Her story was already becoming the buzz of the city. Just as the queen had arranged.

When she got to the tailor shop she walked in. The door knocked a small bell that announced her presence, and two young women, barely more than girls, looked up. 

"Ma'am. I don't think this is the place you are looking for. If you-" whatever else she was going to say was interrupted by a small punch in the arm that had her saying 'ow' very quietly from the other girl in the shop.

"Ms. Blackburn. Thank you for visiting Beatrice's Stitches. I am Helen, Ms. Beatrice's assistant, and this is Penelope Ms. Beatrice's apprentice. How may we help you today?" the second girl said, as Penelope's eyes widened as she recognized the name and who she almost kicked out of the shop.

Lauren couldn't help but smile, tilting her head slightly to hide the reddening of her cheeks; she still wasn't entirely used to this celebrity status. She wondered how long until she was, for she knew first hand a person could get used to anything. 

"I've come to commission a uniform for the Queen's guard. This shop was recommended," the captain said without relaying who it was exactly that had given that recommendation.

"Of course we were," the voice came from the back room, it was feminine and soft, yet each word carefully pronounced. The woman that emerged from the back room was most certainly the fabled Beatrice. Her black skirts were carefully pressed and clean, her blouse precisely stitched and fitting perfectly. The buttons running up her front were not overly large, and glimmering black that almost looked like jewels, though closer examination showed them to be simply perfectly painted wood.

She tipped her top hat in greeting as she emerged, watching Lauren through the large rims of her spectacles. Gauging her, and for a moment Lauren felt studied.

"A Queen's Guard Officer's uniform. I've not done a military uniform for some time, I find them rather boring. But a hero's uniform, the first woman captain's uniform. That... that of course I will take," Beatrice said, removing her hat and using it to gesture through the open door that led to her workshop.

"Please. Come with me. Ladies, I will be busy for some time," the tailor said to her assistant and apprentice as Lauren did as she was bidden, moving into the back room.

Even as Beatrice was closing the door, Lauren was looking around the room, taking note of the small dias, the mannequins in the back corner, the various bolts of cloth, silk, velvet and other materials in a wide variety of colours. Scissors, needles, spools of thread scattered across various table tops. The room was organized chaos. 

"Come now Ms. Blackburn, please stand on the dias. Let me get a look at you," Beatrice said, as she walked to the table and picked up a measuring tape. Lauren did as she was asked, but looked at the tailor with some confusion. 

"If you find uniforms boring, why take my commission. This is still just a uniform," Lauren said, and Beatrice laughed. It was a small little sound, gentle almost, as she walked in a circle around Lauren.

"It is not just a uniform, and like it or not, you are not just an officer. Your battlefields are far behind you for the time being Ms. Blackburn. Until someone deems fit to drag us to battle once more, you are an icon before you are an officer. And your uniform will be tailored to match that. Subtle differences that will do precisely what a uniform shouldn't. Make you, stand out," the tailor said, and Lauren held in her complaints. Every day it dawned on her further that it would be some time before she was able to properly soldier again. 

But she knew her duties. She also knew the pact she'd signed in secret with her tongue under the candle light. A shiver coursed up her spine, as Beatrice carefully moved in a circle around her. Eventually she paused.

"Please, remove your garments. I want perfect measurements, not good enough. This must fit, perfectly," she said, gesturing with her off hand at the buttons running up Lauren's front. The captain's eyes widened a moment, but she did as asked.

She carefully folded her jacket, her tunic, her breeches and set them all to the side in a careful pile with her boots set side by side.

"It is nice to have someone that does take care of their garments. But I will need you to remove your brassiere as well. It is a shame, but so many women are improperly fitted. I will not have you in that particular ship Ms. Blackburn. So long as I am in charge of your garments, you will be perfectly fitted in every way," Beatrice said, and Lauren did as asked, exposing herself to the tailor whose eyes dipped for a fraction of a moment. 

It was cool in the room, and Lauren felt her nipples hardening, but knew there was more to it than a simple chill. She felt Beatrice's eyes roaming her mostly exposed skin, the captain's knickers the only stitch of clothing she wore, covering from just above her knees to her hips.

"You are exquisitely built Ms. Blackburn. This commission will be quite the pleasure," she said, her tone professional, but when she reached out, running her fingers along the slight ripples of muscle of Lauren's belly, the captain knew there was something else there. She kept her eyes straight ahead, doing what she could to ignore the heat in her loins.

"Now, my quiet dear, would you please stay still while I take your measurements?" Beatrice asked, pulling her hand away, draping that black measuring tape between her two hands, the strip of ribbon routinely marked with stark white lines and numbers.

"Of course," Lauren said, sliding her hands behind her back to adopt a parade rest to keep herself as still as possible. 

Smiling softly, Beatrice moved forward, starting at Lauren's feet. Measuring the arch of her foot, its width, its length, the captain's calves. Lauren stood as she was, finding some enjoyment for the way the measuring tape grazed her skin, or even the way the tailor ran her fingers gently over the skin. She worked her way higher, pausing every so often to scribble in her notebook. The scratching pen across the paper sending tingles through the back of Lauren's scalp, before the tailor would return to her meticulous work. 

Higher she rose, working through the still worn knickers, but soon reaching bared skin once again. Running over hips, around the waist. Lauren closed her eyes, becoming more acutely aware of the closeness of Beatrice. Of the rounded swells of the tailor's breasts pushing against her blouse. She bite her lip, a little surprised to feel fingers running along her sides from hip to ribs, but saying nothing against it.

Each pause to scribble measurements in the notebook, a little sliver of professionalism slid away. Both women starting to become intensely aware of the preferences of the other. When Beatrice finally reached the bottom of Lauren's chest, she stopped, holding the tape around Lauren's form.

"What if I asked you to remove your knickers as well?" Beatrice asked.

"For more precise measurements?" Lauren asked, though the corner of her lip curled, especially after the few heartbeats of hesitation. It was a few heartbeats enough to tell Lauren that she enjoying London far more each day.

"Of course," Beatrice said, and Lauren let her hands move to slide her knickers off her hips, and downwards. When they fell to the floor it was Beatrice who collected them, kneeling just in front of the captain. Folding them and taking them over towards the remainder of the carefully piled clothes. 

When she returned, moving just beneath the captain's bust, she stood closer. Her breath warm against the back of Lauren's neck. Her nose just inches from the carefully tied braid that hung between the captain's shoulder blades. But the measuring tape curled around her chest, beneath her breasts, and Beatrice whispered to herself. It sent another shiver up Lauren's spine, another joining it when the tape wrapped around the peak of her breasts. 

That white marked black ribbon of soft silk was laid across both nipples and held gently in place. Slowly Beatrice pulled tighter, pressing nipples into the soft flesh of breasts. Lauren let out a small gasp that turned to a groan as she felt the graze of lips against the back of her neck. Neither woman said a word, as Beatrice's tongue slid out to tease the skin of her client. Then she was finished with the bust, moving to the upper chest. 

Her lips though did not pull away. Her body stepped closer, and Lauren could feel the heat of the other woman on her skin through the clothes that only one of them wore. The ribbon dragged across Lauren's chest as it was pulled away, those soft lips soon pressing to the crook of her neck. As lips parted once again, and tongue tasted and teased, fingers ran along Lauren's arms, lifting them straight out to the side.

Kisses trailed down Lauren's arms, running alongside the ribbon. Measuring the entire length, the forearm, the bicep from elbow to shoulder, the curve of the shoulder. The readings accompanied by more soft whispers and kisses that had Lauren closing her eyes to savour the caress of lips. The sliding of tongue. 

Another pause, with more quick scribbling, before Beatrice moved to the left arm, repeating the entire pleasant process. Lauren's skin glistened from the touch of lips. From the graze of tongue. She dared not wipe herself off, instead letting Beatrice measure her neck, before standing straight.

She breathed deep, smelling her hair while measuring Lauren's skull. Her body pressed tight to the captain, letting her feel the sensation of fabric on bared skin. The soft press of breasts to her shoulder blades. The gliding tongue running over the shell of Lauren's ear before she pulled away to scribble the last measurements down in her book. She moved towards one of her work benches, putting a sway to her hips, and set the book down. 

When tailor turned back to soldier, she was smiling, and Lauren was breathing heavily. 

"The temptations that you bring to my mind. But, I will be calm... when it comes to your uniform," Beatrice said, and Lauren gave a small little smirk as the tailor slid in behind her client once again. Hands slid to hips and the two stood there, pressed together.

"First, your tunic. Some tighter stitching in the back will put a slight emphasis on your bust. Only slight mind you, a reminder of your womanhood," the tailor said, her hands running from Lauren's chest to her breasts. They paused there, squeezing slightly, and Lauren's hand reached back, sliding through Beatrice's hair. She felt the top hat against her knuckles a moment before they both heard it hit the floor. Neither made a move to collect it, instead Beatrice slid her hands further downwards, off the swell of breasts and down the flat expanse of belly.

"Your breeches will be a little tighter than an officer may receive. Unusual in women's fashion, but men have always liked their breeches tight, and now I don't have that pesky bulge to get in the way," Beatrice almost purred the words as one hand slid between Lauren's legs, the fingers curling and pushing inside the woman's sex. The labia parted, slick and hot as the tailor's fingers probed deeper. 

The motion pushed Lauren's rear against the tailor's crotch, and her fingers tightened in the other woman's hair, feeling locks coming loose from her once immaculate bun and getting trapped between those grasping digits. Her hips started to move, pressing down against those questing fingers in her quim. Her low groans started to turn into moans. 

"I have something I've been waiting for the perfect moment to use. I think it'll be a great fit on you," Beatrice said, biting at Lauren's ear, drawing a low moan as the pads of her fingers dragged against those inner walls of flesh. Each breath making them move faster, Beatrice's second hand rising as she buried her face into Lauren's shoulder. 

Hand grasping at a breast, Beatrice began to nip and kiss, letting herself get pulled in by the captain's strong grasp. Letting herself savour the flesh of the other woman, the heat of her coating her fingers, starting to run over her palm. They glistened in the light, but they stood there, naked and dressed. Skin against cloth as they stood together on the dias. 

When Beatrice's fingers finally brought Lauren to her climax she moaned loudly, the sound cut off by a hand clamped over her mouth, while Beatrice's heavy breaths filled Lauren's ear. The fingers didn't stop, thrusting hard and carrying Lauren through her peak, until the muffled moans quieted. Then hands slowly slid away, ghosting over skin until the two stood, only barely separated. Lauren's breasts rose and fell heavily with each breath.

"Here. Let me show you something," Beatrice said, moving in front of the captain, dragging a finger from between her breasts to under her chin, leaving a glistening line of arousal in its wake. Lauren bit her lip, and stepped off the dias, following as the tailor began to disrobe on the move, soon showing off her own knickers and a bodice.

Those two items were soon enough removed, and everything carefully placed on a desk, showing great care for them. Folded perhaps neater than Lauren herself had. When Beatrice turned though she held a leather harness in her hands. Jutting from its front, was a phallic carving, carefully polished. Lauren blinked in surprise. She'd heard of such devices of pleasure, but they were considered debauchery in polite company.

As Beatrice held it out, Lauren thanked the stars that she wasn't polite company. She took a few minutes to figure out the fit of the harness itself, Beatrice laughing slightly, but soon enough the captain was adorned with a false prick of her own. Hard, with it's base settled over her clit.

"I've wanted to try it for quite some time," she manged before Lauren's lips found hers, and she was knocked back with thighs hitting her desk. 

Reaching down, Lauren's hands grasped the tailor's rear and squeezed tightly. She pulled up as their lips parted and tongues darted forth, forcing the other woman onto her tiptoes. Using her knees, Lauren pushed Beatrice's legs open as she got her up onto the desk. A few pencils rolled off the surface, clattering on the floor as Lauren's hand returned to the now messy hair. Her other hand guided the carved phallus forward, finding Beatrice's sex, and letting her hips thrust forward.

Gasping hungrily, Beatrice wrapped her legs around Lauren's form. The captain started to thrust, feeling Beatrice's thighs running against her skin, the base of the faux cock grinding against her own clit. Their dancing tongues and caressing lips muffled the moans of pleasure that started to flow from the tailor, her ass grinding against the top of the desk. 

It wasn't the same, feeling the slick heat of her quim against herself, but Lauren took satisfaction from the woman's moans in her mouth. From the press of their bodies against one another. She moved forward, forcing Beatrice's back down onto the desk. A pen rolled off the table, and a bottle of ink fell to the floor and shattered. Neither woman cared as the black pool spread outwards amidst shards of glass, both of them up on the table. Lauren's hips drove downwards, thrusting deep into her newest lover. Feeling the slickness of sweat starting to bead upon the both as someone's hand knocked a sheaf of papers to the floor. 

When Beatrice came, her nails dragged angry red lines across Lauren's back, from shoulders to ribs. But Lauren didn't let herself stop either, continued to thrust, to fuck the woman beneath her. To swallow the loudest of her moans as their tongues slid against one another. 

Eventually the two fell still, laying atop the table, breathing heavily, dishevelled hair draped across each other's sweaty skin. The smell of the other dominating their senses, though the sharp scent of ink occasionally drifted in. 

"I think I can have your uniform ready by tomorrow Ms. Blackburn. If you promise your second payment upon pickup," Beatrice said. 

Lauren laughed, not bothering to disentangle herself just yet. Instead she answered the question with a kiss, deciding her earlier thought was correct; she was rather starting to enjoy London.