 The ticking of the clock was like the steady beat of a heart, threatening to lull me to sleep. 

The numbers were starting to blur in my vision. "Only 4am?" I thought to myself with a groan, leaning back in the office chair. My eyes swept around the small office, wondering how to kill another three hours. Working night shift at a hotel was great, and the pay was decent, but sometimes staying awake was a pain. 

The whirr of my laptop drew my eyes back to it and I slid my finger along the warm touch-pad, tapping once to bring up the browser. The internet would be my salvation -- surely there was something there I could waste a couple hours on. 

I found myself navigating to my favorite adult site. I was all alone -- the only employee in the hotel, so why not? The minutes ticked by a little faster then, as I chatted idly with strangers and flipped through stories. Before long I felt a faint tingle between my legs as I got wet. 

This was a mistake, I realized. Since I was at work, there was no way I could get relief -- unless someone took me to their room and had me there on the bed. I smiled -- it sounded like a plot to a bad porno. My hand drifted down unconsciously until I was running my fingers up and down the inside of my thigh, taken away by my fantasy. 

I was so engrossed in my thoughts that I didn't even hear the sliding doors open. I didn't hear the code being punched into the office door, and I didn't hear the steps behind me until it was too late. 

It was the woman who took care of the breakfast bar, but she was nearly an hour early!

"E-rot-ic chat?" she sounded out, confused. I snapped the laptop closed and spun around, brushing my short blonde hair out of my face. I crossed my legs, as if afraid she would be able to tell how wet I was. 

Hazan was from Turkey, and was still struggling with the language here. I hoped I could get away with lying about it. "N-no," I stuttered, "It's -- uh," but she was smiling.

"Erotic, means sex -yes?"

I must have looked like a deer caught in the headlights of a truck. I saw my job flashing before my eyes, but she was still smiling. She reached out and touched my hand. 

"It's okay," she said, bringing a slender figure to her curved lips, "I wont tell." 

Relief washed over me, but then she was grabbing my hand, pulling me to my feet. 

"I wont tell," she repeated, "as long as you do something for me."

It occurred to me suddenly that she was beautiful. I had never noticed it before, always preoccupied with her stuttering, awkward words. She had beautiful auburn hair, perfect almond shaped eyes, a smattering of freckles and a petite form. She was graceful, and her eyes were gleaming. 

The handle of the supply closet creaked as she pushed the door open, pulling me in behind her. My heart thundered in my chest, and I could feel myself getting wetter as it dawned on me what she wanted. I was about to be blackmailed into giving sex in order to keep my job. The idea was horrifying and exciting all in the same moment. 

The door clicked shut behind us and she pushed me up against the wall. She was gentle, but her touch was firm. 

"What do you want?" I asked into the darkness. 

"No words," she admonished, "Only touch. You see." She bent forward and brushed her full lips against my neck. My breath caught in my throat, a wave of warmth washing between my legs and a tingle creeping over my breasts. 

She trailed small kisses up my neck and along my jaw before planting one firmly on my lips. Her hands had moved to my hips and I found my own hands following suit, feeling the curve of her body beneath her clothes. 

"Is good?" she whispered against my mouth, but I could only nod in reply, words failing me utterly. 

Confident now that she had me convinced, Hazan slid her fingers under the hem of my shirt, placing her hands on my bare skin. Her touch was electrifying, and I couldn't stifle the gasp when she began to move upwards. In the next moment she was teasing the edge of my bra, pressing her hips to mine. 

She captured my lips in hers again and a flurry of butterflies took off in my stomach as she pushed her silken tongue against mine. She slipped her fingers under the wire of my bra, pushing it up as her hands cupped my breasts. "So big!" she marveled, breaking the kiss. "So soft . . . two D's?" 

I nodded, breathless. "Yeah, double D's -- oh!" I broke off as she bent her head, pulling a nipple into her mouth without warning. She twirled her tongue in circles as she sucked, rolling the nipple of my other breast between her thumb and forefinger. I brought my hands up to run my fingers through her hair, moaning quietly into the darkness of the supply closet. 

She moved her mouth my other breast, and her hands began to make their way slowly down my abdomen. Slowly, hesitantly, they slipped into the waistband of my pants. The button unclasped easily and my pants fell to the floor with a soft whoosh. Hazan giggled against me, and I smiled.

She released my nipple and began to trail kisses down my abdomen until she was on her knees with her lips brushing against the top of my panties. I was breathing hard in anticipation, quivering at the thought of what was to come.

She continued her kisses along the outside of the cotton shorts until her lips were squarely over my pussy, with only a thin piece of fabric between them. Her tongue darted out, quickly but firmly brushing over my swollen clitoris. 

I moaned softly, my knees weak. "There is much wet here," she giggled and I smiled too. She licked again and again, tracing the edge of my panties with one slender finger. Slowly, she slid her finger past the elastic, her fingernail grazing the quivering flesh of my bare, shaven pussy, tracing along the edge. 

As she began to pull my panties down, my knees began to shake even more. Chuckling, she directed me to sit on one of the supply boxes. I obeyed swiftly and was soon sitting with my legs splayed before her. 

Hazan began to tease me again, running her fingertips lightly along the insides of my thighs, just grazing my pussy before backing off again. Every time she got close my breath would catch, and a fresh wave of warmth would wash over me. She did this for several long minutes, until my wetness began to seep onto the box and I was driven mad with need. 

Finally, I begged. 

"Please." I whispered into the darkness.

"Please what?" she responded, teasing with her words as surely as her hands. 

"Please . . ." I paused, unsure what I even wanted. I had never slept with a girl -- no matter how many times I have fantasized about it. "Please, lick me. Finger me. Just please." 

Satisfied with this answer, she bent her head and without hesitation ran her tongue over the entire length of my pussy. It was all I could do to keep from crying out loud enough to wake the hundred guests in the rooms above us. She did it again and again before focusing on my clit, licking rapidly as she traced the outside of my vagina with her finger. I moaned and she answered with one of her own, clearly delighting in pleasuring me. 

"Fingers now?" she asked, her voice teasing.

"Yes, oh god yes," I breathed, my hips thrusting upward. 

Slowly, she slid one long finger into me and I shuddered at the feel of it, sending another quaking moan into the air. She withdrew it slowly and inserted it again, repeating the movement with gradually increasing speed. After a moment she added a second finger, and finally a third, thrusting quickly in and out of me as I moaned and squirmed on top of the box. 

Her tongue began working faster as well, slapping over my clit as she fucked me with her fingers. It was, without a doubt, the most amazing thing I had ever felt. Each lick was a bolt of electricity shooting into my core, and each thrust of her fingers was a wave of warmth. I could feel my juices leaking out all over her hand and a little sprayed down my thighs with each thrust. 

"Oh...... god......" I moaned, and I could feel her mouth smiling against me. She increased the speed one last time, her tongue going like a motorboat, her fingers like a jackhammer. The speed and pitch of my moans climbed as well, like the wave building within me. The pleasure inside me built higher and higher before finally it exploded, cresting into the most intense orgasm of my life. I moaned and shook as I came, wave after wave hitting me. Not once did Hazan stop, carrying me up and over each wave with her fingers and tongue. 

"Oh . .. my. .. god," I moaned finally when it had finished, panting heavily. She licked me clean before crawling up my body and planting a warm, wet, kiss on my lips. 

"Not God. Hazan." She corrected me, standing. She opened the door of the closet, light spilling over my bare body. "We do this tomorrow, yes? I will come at 4?" 

"Okay," I responded breathlessly. "Okay yeah." 

"But tomorrow -" she said, a mischievous grin on her lips, "you will do me."