 I hadn't expected the job I had started a few months ago to involve quite so much travelling, but it did and I enjoyed it. 

With my corporate lawyer husband shuttling almost every other week between London and New York and my two children at university, I had become bored at home. I had worked freelance for some time editing magazine articles and a few books, but that didn't get me out of the house much so a few months ago I had applied for and gained a job with a publishing house as a Style Coordinator; style being the way of writing and editing, not clothing and gaining meaning an old friend got me the job! 

The company had three offices in the UK and offices in most capitals of mainland Europe and I had to visit each one. Fortunately I was rarely away long. Often I could do what I had to in a few hours, so about half my trips were there and back in the day, some were overnighters with the occasional trip involving two or three days away. I was about to go on one of the latter, three nights in Berlin. 

About half the colleagues I had to work with on the trips were male, so the hints and innuendos and even invitations to dinner were quite frequent. I passed on them all. I'm, relatively, happily married and although Richard's travel was having a detrimental affect on both our marriage generally and our sex life in particular I still loved him, but in a very different way to when I married him some twenty three years ago. I was not prepared to do anything to jeopardise our relationship. I had done that once with a six month long affair, and had vowed that if I did that again it would be for good. My reckoning being was that if I felt so fed up with marriage that I would have an affair then I might as well end it, hence no affairs and thus the passing of the advances of my randy business colleagues and men I 'bumped into' on planes and in hotels.

That said I found business travel fairly and really sexy. The whole thing of being away from home on planes and in hotels by myself was a big turn on. Seeing the way that others I met on trips behaved suggested that most of them did too; that made me wonder about my husband a little, but I cast such concerns aside.

At first I put it down to being a forty three year old woman who had never, other than accompanying her husband, been on business trips, so I thought I would probably get used to it. After three months I was still finding it every bit as arousing and stimulating as I had when I started. 

I liked the flying, despite the hassle of security and the difficulties of Easyjet's and Ryanair's way of treating their customers. I liked staying in hotels, mainly Marriotts, by myself. I enjoyed being alone at dinner and in my room and I realised I enjoyed the attention a woman gets when on business travel. I had no real responsibilities and I sort of became anonymous. It would have been so easy to have responded to the flirting and looks of enquiry at the airports, on the planes and in the hotels. So easy to have smiled back and returned the flirting perhaps by pushing out my full breasts, which became even more like beacons on business trips than they were even on the tennis court and at the gym. It would have been so easy to let the, usually, tight skirt of my dark business suit ride up a little and flash rather more leg to an onlooker than I should. It would have been easy to have done any of those things, but I didn't. 

On the flight to Berlin I had been 'eyed up' twice and that made me think of those things. It also made me think how logistically easy it would be to accept an 'invitation.' It would be so simple to have a drink, go to their room, fuck and go back to my room. I would never have to see him again, I needn't even tell him my real name, and I could say anything and be anyone. But I hadn't and I knew I wouldn't.

I did though want sex; I needed more stimulation and satisfaction than Richard was providing, but how could I get it without being unfaithful and having an affair? Yes I was masturbating more than I had ever done, even as a teenager. Yes I could read sexy stories on a site I had stumbled upon called Literotica, or I could watch some porn, but most was such crap, even though I did enjoy ifeelmyself.com, an Australian female masturbating site. When I had first started travelling I would watch the 'adult' films on the in room movies, but they were generally so male orientated I no longer bothered and used my laptop instead. And yes I could use the range of sex toys I had bought over the net. But none of that was enough to stop me feeling almost continually frustrated. It was a problem that I was thinking about more and more.

One of the stories I had read on Lit was about a businesswoman in the US who regularly used male escorts. Although I doubted that I would have the nerve to go through with it and invite a male hooker to my room, the concept intrigued me. It was the idea of sex without any follow up or repercussions that appealed. I liked the idea of 'ordering' a man, perhaps a younger one, over the phone, having him arrive, fuck me then leave without me really having to make any conversation. Most importantly it overcame my objections to having an affair; involvement and deceit on a regular basis. Hence, the concept appealed, but making it a reality was a big doubt.

I arrived in Berlin, went straight to the office and was there until seven or so. I got a cab to my hotel, went to my room and undressed. Recently, I had taken to being naked almost whenever I could. I worked at home, wandered round my house and even sat in my secluded garden undressed. I would like to claim some naturist intent, but I can't. I purely did it because it made me feel good, and for good read sexy.

I ordered my room service dinner, salad and then a veal escalope with a bottle of white wine. I had checked the fridge and it was working so if I didn't need to finish the bottle I could save it cold for tomorrow. Whilst not mean I did object to wasting some fifty Euros or so on a bottle of quite average Sauvignon Blanc: how hotels get away with the prices, I have no idea? Still naked I unpacked and hung my clothes up and put my underwear in the drawers provided. I had a long shower, washed my hair and did my toe and finger nails. I was enjoying myself. 

I unpacked the laptop, powered it up and logged onto the net. My intent was to have a surf round some sites like lolastube, youporn and ifeelmyself, but just as I started there was a knock at the door. 'Shit room service is quick, typical Germans' I thought running into the bathroom, my boobs jiggling like hell as I grabbed the fluffy white bath robe. I tied the belt and opened the door.

A pleasant looking young man said something in German, quickly switching to impeccable English when I said "Hello." He wheeled the dining trolley in and set that up laying the table and opening the wine which he invited me to taste. As I took a small sip I thought I saw his eyes on the vee of the lapels of the robe. Smiling and telling him it was fine I momentarily thought I would let the gown fall open and see what happened, but I didn't and instead signed the bill and watched him leave with, I have to admit, a touch of regret.

The meal was fine and as I ate that I flicked around the internet. For no particular reason I googled 'berlin entertainment' even though I had no intent of leaving the hotel. I ran through theatres, opera, ballet and got to clubs. Scrolling through I came to sex clubs. It seemed that there were loads of places where one could see live sex and I found one that said 'lady visitors particularly welcome, I bookmarked that and had a look. It claimed to be 'couples orientated' so that cut me out. I drifted around other sites and came to a massage section. Most, of course were for men but I looked further and saw a section titled 'Massage for ladies.' That appealed for I do like being massaged and I did have a slight creak in my back from tennis at the weekend. I found a site that claimed

'Business ladies, this is for you'

I looked closer and read the sub-head:

'Purely for ladies just by ladies. Let us give you the ultimate massage pleasure.'

Although I had no real experience of bi stuff, other than a couple of petting sessions when I was younger, that intrigued me. I thought about it for a while then accessed the site. It explained that 'their totally discrete and very comprehensive services' were designed by ladies especially for busy business ladies. 'We do not offer any services to men' was mentioned several times. It didn't give too much information on the specifics of what they offered other than stating that they had a wide range of services designed to 'relax, invigorate, stimulate, please and satisfy even the most demanding and discerning of ladies.' I thought what the hell and tapped the number into my mobile. A female with a Chinese type accent answered. I explained that I had seen their ad and asked for more details. She explained that it was a very discreet service that could be provided at my hotel or at their private, exclusive apartment. She explained that she and her partners were Korean. Although I was nervous I was finding the chat quite exciting. In a roundabout way explained that I wasn't lesbian and she replied that was irrelevant and that most of their clients were straight, married woman in their thirties and forties; mostly were visiting business executives. I asked about what would happen and she explained that it was a combination of various types of massage and other stimulations and that between them I would enjoy a most pleasurable and satisfying experience. She sounded quite proper, didn't try to screw any money or a credit card number from me so everything seemed above board; I made an appointment for the next evening. That was confirmed by email almost immediately, together with a list of prices ranging from: 'Our introductory service,' which lasts forty minutes for one hundred Euros to Our Lady Executive Programme, which is a two hour service for two hundred and fifty Euros. The mail explained that a basic could be enjoyed and that further services added on as that finished. It was all very efficient and that reassured me.

I had several meetings at the office the next day, which was fortunate for I was hellishly nervous and became aroused every time I thought of the evening. I wasn't quite sure that I would actually go, but half of me hoped I would have the courage. 

After making the appointment I had finished my meal, I had already taken the gown off and was again naked. I tried reconciling what I was planning to do and I managed to do that remarkably easily. It wasn't like going on a date, or going to a guy's room for a shag for that would be unfair and against my 'principles.' Also, as it was with women it didn't seem as bad as if it was with a man; ok rather tortuous logic, but it was how I felt. So, remarkably easily I had justified it in my mind; perhaps, I wondered as I saw my naked reflection in the mirror and one of my hands involuntarily cupping a breast, the fact that the wine bottle was empty had something to do with it as well. That may also have had something to do with me falling back on the bed and my hands going between my legs. I unfurled the folds round my clit and rubbed right on it. I couldn't get a clear vision of what might happen tomorrow in my mind, but that didn't matter, for my orgasm was already building up.

It was my first visit to the German branch of the company and I was surprised at how formal all the workers were with each other; they even called me Frau Williams. I was also surprised at the lack of fun and laughter, everything was taken very seriously, and at the lack of innuendoes and flirting; that was a pleasant surprise though and I was able to concentrate fully on my job; I began to understand the German efficiency. That meant that I finished up in the office fairly early around six and made my way back to the hotel. It was quite warm so I walked rather than taking a cab. It was very pleasant, although inside I was boiling up. I still wasn't totally sure I would make it to that apartment and that simply added to my thoughts and arousal.

Naked about to shower I tried to think more about what the Korean girl had said, but she had been fairly hard to understand. I couldn't really make out what they would do to me and if it really it was a lesbian thing or not. She had said and the site had reinforced that their services were designed for and used mainly by, straight, female executives. In the smaller print they had said that it was for ladies who preferred anonymity and did not want the entanglement of escorts or affairs. Even though nowhere did the site mention it, everything pointed to some form of sexual relief. That excited me, but I was a little worried at the lesbian angle. 

I slipped into a pair of jeans and a white cotton shirt. I chose fairly basic, white underwear with a large cupped bra that provided me with great support and created a deep cleavage that was on view through the three open buttons of the blouse. I didn't wear stockings or popsocks and slipped on a pair, of strappy, high heeled sandals that showed off my scarlet painted toe nails to good effect. Throwing a black hip length wool cardigan over my shoulders I went downstairs and took a cab to the location I had been given. The email had asked me to call five minutes before my arrival, but I had arrived with that time to spare to make sure the place looked ok. It did, in fact it was in a really fashionable area. Plucking up all my courage I called the number and was giving instructions to the actual apartment, which was just a couple of minutes along the road.

The door was opened by a tiny, probably under five feet tall girl, who was certainly oriental. She was attractive with the quite pronounced cheekbones, slightly narrow eyes and black, luxuriant hair that was cut fairly short. It also contrasted well with the brilliant, crisp white outfit she was wearing. It was a little like the tunic worn in Karate only there were no trousers and it was made of much thinner material, probably cotton. The jacket was baggy, had plunging lapels and just a tie at the waist. It reached to about half way between her waist and her knees. She wore nothing on her feet and I found myself wondering what she was wearing under the tunic

"Welcome madam," she said, adding "I am Leea," and embarrassing me slightly by putting her hands together as if about to pray and bowing deeply.

"Thank you Leea."

"You are very welcome, may I call you Caterina?"

"Of course," I replied thinking that's the only name I have given you; for discretion I had given no family name.

I followed her along a hallway and into a really nice spacious apartment. It was beautifully furnished in a stylish, minimalist fashion with dark woods, chrome and smoked glass furniture and deep, pile carpets. It was mostly black, deep brown and cream. She ushered me across the lounge and into a smaller room which was set up as a changing room. Again it was impeccably clean and beautifully furnished; the saying a place for everything and everything in place came to mind.

Leea spoke pretty good English and explained that this was the changing and shower room.

"Please Caterina, to undress here and hang clothes here," she said with her Chinesey accent opening a small, wooden, cream wardrobe. She removed a garment from it. "After shower here," she went on opening the door to reasonably sized wet room, "You wear this, ok?" 

"Yes Leea, thank you" I said taking the silky feeling garment.

"Then you ring a bell, here," she said pointing to a bell push and leaving the room.

I undressed and hung my clothes up. I looked more closely at what she had given me. It was similar to a hospital gown in that it was mid thigh in length and was open at the back with some Velcro ties one could do up. It was cut fairly at the hem and low, but not alarmingly so at the front and it well covered my breasts. It had very short sleeves and was made from what felt and looked like silk. It was quite attractive, but I had no idea why that particular type of gown was being used. Under the powerful, massive headed shower, I thought that I would find that out very soon. 

I was nervous, but so far very impressed. I was also feeling a little aroused and I noted that my nipples had hardened. I guess it was the unknown about what might happen that was the most intriguing aspect I was thinking as I dried myself. I slipped into the robe thing and, with some difficulty, pushed the Velcro together so that the back of the robe was somewhat closed up although, as I looked over my shoulder in a mirror, there was still quite a lot of me on display. Feeling a little surge of excitement at the anticipation of the unknown and at my body being on display, I rang the bell. Leea almost immediately came in.

"Nice?" She asked.

"Very nice thank you," I replied

"Come we start now, please to follow me."

She led me out of another door into a larger room, which was nearly dark, for the heavy blinds were down. There was just some low light from a few burning candles, which were also wonderfully aromatic and some tinkly, Chinese sounding music was playing very softly. I could see that there was a couple of low couches, a massage table, two wardrobes and a long sideboard with boxes and bottles on it. Between the two wardrobes there was a low unit with a sink and taps under which there were shelves with piles of towels on them. 

"Please Caterine you sit here," she said indicating a low backed chair and changing my name at the same time. I did as she asked.

She came up behind me and ran her fingers through my ash grey blonde, shoulder length hair. She said nothing but continued fondling my hair. It felt lovely. Gradually she moved from ruffling my hair to gently massaging my scalp. I'd had that done before and loved it. On and on she went alternating between a firm massage and a gentle caress. Her fingers moved in small circles on each area of my scalp and then in longer strokes from my forehead right down to my neck. She then started working on my neck and shoulders. At first she gave me a firmer massage down the sides of my neck and along the tops of my shoulders. I've had several massages at spas and hotels when on holiday and I could tell that Leea not only clearly knew what she was doing, but was also good at her job. 

"Very tight, Caterina" she said pressing firmly on a spot half way between my neck and shoulder joint.

"Yes Leea, very," I replied enjoying the deep massage she applied to that spot. 

She gave me a deep tissue shoulder massage for some ten minutes or so loosening up the tight spots and making me feel very relaxed. Then she stopped. I turned and saw her walk across the room to the sideboard and then return to stand in front of me.

"You put these on please Caterina," she said handing me a pair of those tiny earphones that especially kids wear with their iPods.

"OK," I replied fiddling the tiny loudspeakers into my ears. The same music that was being played through the speakers in the room filled my ears, but through the phones it was louder and much more intense.

"This you wear too please" she said handing me an eye mask.

"Sure," I replied not having any idea why she would want me to wear that as it was almost dark in any case. I slipped the elastic over my head and put the mask in place. I was now sightless with my hearing other than through the earphones cut off. 

Leea started to massage me again. This time though it was softer, more a firm caress than a massage. She glided her fingertips down my neck, along the back of my shoulders and then onto the tops of my arms. Obviously, with the gown still in place her movement was restricted and I could feel her fingers getting entangled with the silky neckline of the robe. She stopped. Then I felt, for I could not see or hear, the Velcro clasp at the top of the robe being pulled open. She started the caressing massage again and this time was able to slide her hands under the top of the robe as she moved along my shoulders. It was lovely and time seemed to fly by. 
