 This is the homework of my slave Gabi.

My name is Gabi. I'm from Austria (a German-speaking country near Germany). My Mistress ordered me to write down this story. As a matter of fact this is not really a story – as it is not fictional. This is the description of my first meeting with My Mistress. Mistress Cornelia is my Mistress. I'm one of her slaves and I love to submit to her.

I'm a student of biology and geography. I'm 20 years old and I have always considered myself a bit shy. I'm of medium height and could be said to have quite a well-shaped body. I'm slim – without looking like a starving model at all. I have some nice rounds that I like. My breasts are a medium C-Cup (75C in European Measures). My hair is a dark blonde (with a bit of brunette in it) and I'm wearing it open and down over my shoulders. All in all I'm really satisfied with my looks. 

I have had some sexual experiences with boys, but my most sensual, arousing and satisfying experience – before meeting Mistress Cornelia – was with a woman. She was a colleague of one of my friends and was more than twenty years older than me. After a girls night out, I somehow ended up in her flat and she kind of seduced me. It was my first time with a woman (I was 19 when it happened) and I was a bit scared. So I did not meet her again, but my interest in lesbian love was awakened. I started to surf the Internet. First I even was a bit ashamed of my own behaviour, as I started to look for nude pictures of women and for erotic stories with a lesbian content. I found out that it wasn't some young models that were arousing me most, but pictures of mature ladies and in stories I found my favourites in femdom-plots. 

I also started to exchange some e-mails. So I got to know Mistress Cornelia. She started to reveal my submissive side and soon we were exchanging some very hot and erotic e-mails; me being her sub. She had me write my erotic fantasies to her, she had me take nude pictures or pictures in specific underwear and send them to her, she ordered me to go to a sex-shop and buy and use certain toys and she had me masturbate for her and taste my own juices. She trained me to be a good online-sub.

Then one day – two weeks ago – she told me that she would be in town for one night. She told me her hotel. If I wanted to, I could meet her for real. There were strict conditions to meeting her. I could decide between letting everything as it was, so that we kept our relationship to the cyber-thing or I would have to submit to her for one night completely. That meant that I would be blindfolded the whole night. I had to show my complete trust in her – my blind submission.

I so much had wanted to make my fantasies of submission real, that I didn't have to think long. 

I was to be there at exactly 19:00. It was one oft the big and expensive hotels were we met. I was some minutes to early and I was nervous. I went to the toilet to take a look into the mirror. The only piece of clothes I wore was a short, black dress, with thin shoulder straps; exactly as Mistress Cornelia had told me. My nipples were hard with anticipation. They were pressing against the fabric. That was good, as Mistress Cornelia had told me that she wanted to see my arousal from the first moment I would enter her room. With one hand I reached under my short dress and between my thighs. I slightly touched my shaved pussy. Yes I was wet; just as Mistress had wanted me to be. 

The anticipation of my first real meeting, of my first real submission made me more aroused than I had ever been. What would Mistress be like? She had not sent me any pictures of her, but she had described herself to me. Tall (over 1,8 meters), very round and voluptuous body with broad hips, broad thighs, a big and round ass, soft belly and big DD breasts and long, dark/red hair. She told me that she was 54.

I knocked at exactly 19:00. The door opened at my first knock. I stepped into the room. It was dark. Before my eyes could adjust I felt a soft fabric come across my face. A blindfold was fixed over my eyes. 

I felt her standing behind me. Her body was close to mine. I even thought I could feel her big breasts against my back. My heart was beating fast with excitement.

"So you really dared to come," a deep and firm, mature-feminine voice said. "You are a brave little girl. Or aren't you brave but just a little slut?" Her tone was commanding. I did not know how to respond. I think my hands were even shaking a bit. I felt her walk away and heard the sound of a light switch turned on. Then she came back. She walked around me. I knew she was examining me.

"Yes, you are a slut. A little submissive slut driven here by her submissive, wet pussy! I see that you are as horny as I wanted you to be!" With these words I felt a soft brush against my rock-hard, aroused nipples that were pressing against the thin fabric of my dress. Next the fabric of my dress was pressed into between my thighs and against my crotch. I could feel the hand doing it. A soft moan escaped my lips. 

"I can see a wet spot at the front of your skimpy little dress. Good, my little one! Now tell me why you are here?"

My heart was beating even faster now. It is one thing to type words of submission into an e-mail, but quite a different experience to speak out such words in front of somebody. I thought my voice was gone. I opened my mouth but no words came out. 

"Get down on your knees now and tell me in clear words why you are here or you can leave, if you don't know!" Her voice was only a bit louder but extremely firm and commanding. 

Without hesitation I sank to my knees and I gathered all my strength to speak:

"I'm here for your pleasure Mistress Cornelia. I'm here because I want to submit to you and to become your slave-girl, Mistress Cornelia! I would love to be your willing slave-girl and will love to do everything to please you, my dear Mistress! I beg you to teach me how to be a good slave to you!" With each word that I spoke I felt that my arousal was even rising. I had done it. I had spoken the words that were sent to me in advance by Mistress Cornelia. If I would speak them she would take me for the night. And I had done it. 

"Good! Lift your head now. I have a present for you. I could feel her attaching a collar, made of very soft and thin leather, around my neck. Then she attached a leash into it.

"On all fours now, slave! Hike up your dress. I want to see your nice little ass and your lovely wet, pussy, when you crawl!"

I did as I was told and then I crawled forward. Mistress was walking behind me and guiding me with the leash. I felt a soft carpet under my knees. 

Finally she stopped me and with a tug on the leash she gave me the sign to take a kneeling but upright position. 

"Now take of that dress! Then spread your legs, so that I have a good view at your wet pussy. Arch your back so that your beautiful breasts look prominent!" She gave the commands and I followed.

"You are kneeling between my legs now. Your beautiful face is only inches from my pussy. You will be able to take in my scent. You are not allowed to touch any part of my body without being told so. So here are the rules for tonight: You will not be allowed to see me. Maybe you will get a short look next morning, if you have performed well. You have to earn that right! You are not allowed to touch me with your dirty fingers that you use to masturbate your horny cunt. You will have to earn that right. Tonight you will only be allowed to touch me with your mouth and tongue. That is a lot of honour for a first meeting. Most of all you are not allowed to cum, when you are not allowed to and ordered to. If you violate any of these rules, I will spank your ass red and send you away. There is no second chance. Everything clear?!"

"Yes, Mistress!"

"So now I want to warm up a bit! Tell me that little dirty fantasy of yours, that you wrote to me. That fantasy in which your old and fat college professor blackmails you. I want you to tell me every dirty, sexy detail of how you have to serve her. I want you to touch your pussy, while you tell me. You can stroke yourself but you are by no means allowed to cum and you are not allowed to moan with lust. You will have to listen to my moans of pleasure from masturbating my own pussy. Now start to arouse me!"

So my first evening of submission started. There were no second thoughts. I was aroused as I had never been before. My hand went between my spread thighs and with one finger I started to tease my wet pussy. I also started to tell her my fantasy. 

I soon heard her soft moans. I think I even heard her fingers go in and out of her pussy sometimes. And I could smell her pussy. It made me crazy. Telling my favourite fantasy, teasing myself with my fingers and knowing that I was sitting between my mistress legs, inches from her pussy that she was fucking with her fingers and being able to take in the wonderful smell of her love juices. I had to concentrate not to moan myself, not to let myself fall forward into her pussy and most of all not to cum. 

Mistress Cornelias moans grew louder and more intense. I kept on telling my fantasy. Finally I heard her gasp and even a short cry. She had brought herself to a first climax. I still just kept on telling my fantasy. My finger was sliding in and out of my own pussy. I could feel how my juices were dripping down my thighs. I was almost out of control. 

I think it was only seconds before I would have broken the rule. I would not have been able to stop myself from making me cum. My whole body was aching for a climax, for relief. 

"Stop, slave! Hands away from your pussy!", I suddenly heard Mistress Cornelias deep, commanding voice. I had to force myself to follow her command, but I managed to do so. 

"You should see yourself now, slave. Your thighs and your cunt are glistening with your wetness and your pussy is open. You have done a good job. Your story and the sight of seeing you fondle your pussy, made me cum. Now you have earned yourself the honour to clean my fingers."

She brought her fingers to my mouth. I was eager, like a starving seaman, to lick her juices from her. I opened my lips. Her fingertips touched my lips. I eagerly sucked one finger after the other into my mouth. Never before have I tasted anything so wonderful, than that taste of my Mistress's pussyjuice from her own fingers. I licked and sucked, till there was nothing more to clean away. 

"Do you like my taste, slave?" her firm voice asked.

"Yes, Mistress Cornelia. It's the best taste I have ever experienced, Mistress Cornelia!"

"So you would like to get more of my pussy juice?"

"I would love to, Mistress Cornelia!"

"So then let's see if you will earn that honour. Now get up! I'm still wearing my panties and my bra. I want you to undress me. And don't forget – no use of hands!"

I was trembling with excitement and arousal when I stood up. My nipples were still aching hard and my pussy dripping wet and begging to be touched again. 

Mistress Cornelia took the leash and tug on it. Suddenly I felt her breath on my lips and next I felt her lips touch mine. Her mouth conquered my lips by surprise. In a passionate and forceful kiss her tongue parted my willing lips and then her tongue took possession of my tongue. It was a short but intense kiss – conquering and dominating me and at the same time her hand suddenly took possession of my pussy too. I felt her flat hand pressed against my crotch and then one finger slip into my cunt. I moaned into Mistress Cornelias mouth. I was hers – completely hers. 

At the next moment she broke the kiss and with another tug to my leash she guided my head to her shoulder. I was so close to her now that I could even feel her breasts against my skin. I could feel her big, voluptuous, powerful body against mine. I could even feel how her hard nipples were poking through the fabric of her bra. I would have done everything to just press my face into her cleavage and kiss and lick her breasts forever, but I was not allowed to do that yet. 

With the leash Mistress Cornelia guided my mouth to the shoulder straps of her bra. Mistress was almost a full head bigger than myself. So my mouth was exactly at the height of her shoulder. All the while her hand was pressing against my crotch, her palm moving with low pressure in slow circles and one finger gliding along and moving in and out of my wet slit with very soft and slow strokes. That teasing of her almost made me crazy with pure sexual lust. It was hard to concentrate but I had to follow her commands to earn the honour of maybe being allowed to kiss and pleasure my Mistress's wonderful body with my mouth and tongue. 

So I took the strap of her bra with my teeth and slowly moved it over her shoulder and down her arms. I smelled her skin. She smelled of an exclusive, exotic, wonderful soap. My face brushed along the skin and flesh of her arm. I could feel that she really must me a voluptuous lady. I then changed to her other shoulder. Mistress's hand was still at my crotch. I was so eager to press my crotch into her hand, but I did not dare. I wanted to cry and shout out my lust, but I did not dare. 

With another tug on the leash Mistress then brought my face to her cleavage. The cups of her bra still clung to her breasts. With the leash Mistress guided my mouth to her left breast. My face was touching it. I could feel the impressing, full size and feminine, mature softness of her tit against my face. That feeling was almost too much. I had to gather all my strength not to cum. My mouth was guided to her hard nipple. I felt it against my lips. There was only the thin silk fabric of her bra between my lips and her nipple now. I felt its hardness and its size. Her nipples seemed to perfectly match the size of her voluptuous breasts. Mistress pressed my head into her soft tit. 

"Take the bra and take it off me!", she commanded. 

My mouth opened and I sucked the cloth in. For a moment I felt her nipple in my mouth too. Then Mistress used the leash to guide me down her body. My face all the time had contact with her skin and the soft flesh of her wonderful, feminine and voluptuous belly. It felt so good. I could go crazy for being allowed to pleasure every inch of that body.

"Let it drop now, slave!" With those words her hand was gone from between my legs. My pussy was frustrated but at the same moment my pussy was in a state of arousal and pre-pleasure that I had never imagined to exist before. 

"On your knees again, slave!", was her next command and I immediately sank to my knees. I could smell and almost feel the treasure of my Mistress's pussy only an inch from my face. I felt her big body powering above me. Her hands came down to my face.

"You have made my fingers dirty with your soaking, horny cunt, slave. Make me clean again!" During our online games Mistress Cornelia had taught me to taste my own juices from my own fingers, after masturbating my pussy and I had learned to love my own taste. Eagerly I now sucked her fingers into my mouth, to take my juices from her fingers. 

"Now take down my panties!" 

She guided my mouth to the waistband of her panties. The fabric felt cool and smooth, like silk again. I took the waistband with my teeth. My face was pressed into her crotch. The wonderful smell of her aroused and obviously still wet pussy was hard to bear, without diving into her pussy with my whole face. I started to pull her panties down. My face and nose made soft contact with the bush of her pubes. Her hair was wet with wonderful, creamy pussy juice. Then my nose touched her slit. She was soaking wet. A moan escaped my Mistress's mouth as my nose glided down her wet slit. It was such a wonderful feeling to cream my nose and face with her sexy juices. 

Finally I lost contact with her pussy and pulled her panties down till Mistress could step out of them. "Give them to me!", she ordered and I delivered them to her hands with my teeth. 

"You have made them very wet and dirty with your little fantasy! You should clean them now!" She pressed the insides of her panties against my face and I eagerly started to lick the creamy wetness from the fabric of her panties. It was degrading to kneel in front of that woman, blindfolded, my legs spread and my pussy wet and made to lick the insides of her wet panties, but I was lost in the incredible, arousing lust of it – I loved to submit to my Mistress.

I licked her panties till she withdrew them from me. 

"Now show me, if you are worth taking you into my bed. Show me your obedience and submission, slave!" With these words I heard Mistress turn around and a second later her wonderful, big and soft bum was pressed into my face. "If you can make me moan with lust, I will take you to bed, if you can't you can go home! Now service my arse!" Her words and how she spoke them made me jump with lust and anticipation. She had told me online that she loved it to have her bum taken care of. 

My lips started to kiss all over her ass cheeks – first the left one, then the right one. I took my time. I honoured, I adored and I worshipped every inch of it. I covered the skin of her bum with soft kisses, I let my soft lips glide up and down, leaving a wet trail on her skin and licking up my own wetness with my tongue the next moment. With the leash in her hand Mistress guided my head and thus my mouth. It took a long time, till she finally guided my face to the valley between her voluptuous ass cheeks. I kissed along the soft skin and flesh at the insides of her cheeks. I could smell that wonderful soap again, that she had used to clean her back and I could also smell the scent of her wet pussy from below. My tongue finally reached out and I started to lick up and down the crack of her ass. Each time I passed her anus, my tongue stayed a bit and licked around the hole. I had never before licked anybodys ass, but I loved it to pleasure my Mistress that way. It would please her and so it pleased me. Soon she took my leash shorter and I felt a hand of hers at the back of my head. Eagerly Mistress pressed my face deeper into her ass. My face was now really buried between her big and soft cheeks and my mouth and tongue were fixed to her anus. I kissed it, I sucked it and I licked it with all my love and passion, till I heard her start moaning. My tongue circled her hole, the tip of my tongue tried to enter into her and in between I planted soft kisses and licks all over it. I had to gasp for air, but I kept on licking, kissing and sucking her anus and I myself pressed my face deeper and deeper into the valley between the hills of her big ass. Her moans grew louder. She moved her hips a bit in the rhythm of my tongue. Then both her hands came around and forced my face as deep as possible into her ass, my tongue moved quickly around her anus. Mistress let out some loud moans, some gasps and a short cry. I had brought her to climax by licking her ass. I was proud of myself. I kept kissing and licking all over her cheeks and her crack and anus, while she was relaxing!

When Mistress finally turned around she brought her hand to my mouth. Her fingers were covered with her delicious pussy juices. She had stimulated herself while I had worshipped her ass. 

"You have done very well! Here is your reward!" She again let me lick and suck her juices from her fingers. Then she took my leash and guided me too the bed. I had to crawl on all fours. She ordered me on my back and to spread my legs and arms. I could feel a soft, smooth and cool cloth being tied to my ankles and wrists. 

Blindfolded, spread and naked with my aroused nipples still hard and aching for a touch and my soaking wet pussy open and exposed I was tied to the bed. 

What followed for the rest of the night was like a wild dream. I lost my mind and memory. All that was left of me was a bundle of lust; my brain and thoughts limited to sex. The only things I could think of, were to please my Mistress and to finally be rewarded with being allowed to cum. 
