 Two hot 23 year olds finally get some alone time from there.

The tension was unbearable, for weeks my boyfriend's roommate was sleeping with this beautiful blonde petite girl. Long flowing natural blonde hair, of Scandinavian decent and she was 5ft 4 with a little bubble butt. As you know I'm 5 ft 6 and very voluptuous. 34dd and a black girls booty. I had felt his girlfriend staring at me all summer at the pool, knowing I was staring at her, little bikinis hot sun and alcohol sure got our juices flowing. 

Every night I could hear her being thrown around and screaming with utter pleasure. I would often try and compete and fuck my boyfriend so hard and long he was speechless.

The boys had a trip planned out of town for a week and had asked us girls to look after the apartment, relax and use the amenities. Instantly my eyes lit up knowing this could be the week when we finally get our release I can have Heidi all week To myself. 

We're at the pool in the baking sun, a couple of long islands already into my system I decided to loosen my string bikini top, which gets Heidis attention and draws a smile, walking over to the pools edge, I bend over to touch the water making sure I pop my booty as I bend over. I turn to look at Heidi and drop my bikini top to the floor.

Standing in the water, water only to my waist I call for Heidi to come in. Quickly she brings her slight frame to life, exposing her perk 32bs to me. I walk to the edge making sure she can straddle me as we kiss, she is wrapped tightly to me, finally our tongues intertwined, her hands caress my body as I have my hands firmly in her long wet wavy hair.

After some kissing and light fondling in the pool I lead her by the hand to the apartment. Both topless walking the hallway, giggling and spanking her little bubble butt. We enter the apartment I made sure all my toys had been placed in the living room, hoping for this chance.

I drop my thong bikini, drop to me knees and untie her string bottoms. Kissing her hips and stroking her inner legs I can smell her moisture, it's driving me wild as I lie her on the couch, I lay on top of her receiving a soft hand on my large breasts as I move in to kiss her, a deep sigh and we know what is about to happen. 

I kiss my way down her tight body and take a look at her beautiful wet pussy before placing my tongue onto her moist clitoris. Up and down full strokes of my tongue. As she wildly moves her body to every stroke. Building her orgasms as my fingers break into her tight home. Increasing the speed screams are happening as her body shakes and quivers to my hand now rapidly Fucking her. 

Heidi comes back down to earth as I place my sopping wet love tight to hers. I adjust my body to press our wet pussies together, squeezing her butt as I pull myself onto her, grinding deeper into each other our juices flowing through our love holes all over each other. The feeling is undeniably heavenly, sensually grinding and rounding on each other as our hands hold one another's booty, pulling us closer and closer as our clits collide bringing us closer to an earth shattering climax our naked bodies fall to the bed as we hold each other smiling and quivering in pure ecstasy as we come back to earth. 

Lying next to each other I realize I have to make the most of this incredible moment. Our bodies sweating together as I reach for my double ended strap on dildo, Heidi's eyes light up as she has only just recovered. Inserting the dildo into me and putting the straps around my waist, tight so I can be sure to make the most of this session. 

Wanting to see Heidi ride me I move her on top, her hands stabilizing her as she grips my large breasts with intention. Her knees up to her side as she slides down the large dildo, the pleasure is increasing as she famously screams her head side to side as she bounces up and down, forcing my dildo deep into me her pussy grips on every upwards motion pulling in and out, truly an unforgettable moment as she falls onto me shaking in pure ecstasy. 

Now I am really excited as I pin her flexible young legs by her head, revealing her beautifully exposed pussy and ass, it's calling to me as I lick her up and down grinding deep with my tongue. I position the big dong ready to plunge into her I grab her neck choking her as I thrust all 9 inches deep into her not stopping as her eyes tear but she moans in pure pleasure, both of us impaled a total of 18 inches buried inside us. I build my pace not stopping even as I climax delivering this monster into Heidi making sure every stroke in and out is complete. 

The satisfaction of bringing this nymph to a place she cannot move of scream, just let herself be mine as it seems she is cumming every few strokes, squirting her everywhere. The smell of fuck in the air as she begs me to stop as my exhausted body delivers one hard thrust deep into her weak frame. Exhausted we both lie the holding each other tight in utter joy shear relief from countless hours of orgasms. The large dildo still lodged firmly in us, I loosen the straps and slowly let the cum covered monster flop out of our abused love machines.

Needless to say that week things got a lot rougher with handcuffs, strap ons and extremely large dildos destroying each other all day! When our boyfriends gor home the smell of sex was unmistakable. Our aching pussys couldn't get enough and we took turns using the strap on to fuck each other, luckily there was never a time we couldn't find a toy to pleasure us.