 Hello and welcome to my readers. Thank you for your votes, feedback and comments on my stories. It is always a pleasure to hear from you. My thanks to my editor, Rogue Lurker, whose tireless efforts in my behalf earn my grateful appreciation. 

_______________________

"Fire in the hole!"

WHOOOMPH!

Lauren Thompson watched with satisfaction as the two tapered smokestacks suddenly curtsied and bowed like 18th Century dancing partners, collapsing into a billowing cloud of dust. She rose from her crouch behind the wall of sandbags, turned off the bullhorn and walked back to the operations trailer to review the remote camera videotapes. If all the explosive charges had detonated, then it would be safe for the crews to move in and begin picking up the rubble. If not, they would have to be isolated and removed.

Upon entering, she saw her father rewinding the tapes and checking the monitors, whirring about in his motorized wheelchair. Ever since his accident three years ago, Lauren had been in charge of all field operations while he handled less strenuous duties. She had been a twenty-six year old newly graduated structural engineer from MIT when her father's injury occurred. It was a routine demolition job, but something went wrong and a falling girder crushed his spine. Lauren assumed control of Keystone Demolition Company during her father's convalescence and never looked back. 

"How'd it look, Dad?" she asked, removing her hardhat and safety glasses. She shook the dust from her long black hair.

"Perfect, Laur, perfect," he replied with a smile. "All the charges went off in the proper sequence. Send the crews in."

Lauren flicked the toggle on her two-way radio, "Charlie, you there?"

"Sure am, boss lady," came the reply.

"Move 'em out, Charlie. We need to wrap this one up ASAP."

"Gotcha, boss lady, we're rollin', Charlie out."

Lauren chuckled as she heard the roar of diesel engines echoing across the demolition site. Charlie was the senior supervisor for debris removal, and twenty years her senior. He still referred to her as 'boss lady' and was always deferential to her. Lauren had always treated her fathers' employees with respect when she was growing up and now they were returning the courtesy.

"Great news, Laur," her father said, "Councilman Kennelly's office called today. The City Council accepted our bid on demolishing that block of buildings downtown. They were impressed with your presentation at the Council meeting last week. You did a fine job, Laur, I'm proud of you."

Lauren bent and kissed her father on the forehead. "It wasn't just me, Dad. The whole crew put that one over. I was just the mouthpiece," she replied modestly.

"That's a load of bull and you know it," her father laughed. "Oh by the way, the Councilman wants you to attend a little cocktail party he's throwing at his place tonight. Seems he's celebrating the start of the demolition project and he wanted you there to congratulate on being selected for the contract." 

"Oh crap, a freakin' cocktail party, Dad?" Lauren groaned. "I hate parties, you know that. A bunch of silly, drunken people making conversation about nothing, I'll be bored stiff." 

"Goes with the territory, Laur," her father replied. "Buy yourself a new dress, pretty yourself up for the Council Member. Lay a little charm on him. It's good for business."

"Whatever," Lauren snorted, "I'm outta here. See you later, Dad. Don't wait up." Exiting the trailer, she climbed into her jeep and sped off to the mall to look for a dress. She preferred wearing jeans and a t-shirt, but business was business.

***

Cassandra Barton drove her Rolls-Royce Corniche convertible into the only vacant parking place in the circular driveway. She wrinkled her nose at the sight of a mud-splattered jeep next to her. "Some people don't know how to take care of their machinery, do they, Erminitrude?" she addressed her car. "I would never let you get that dirty, my girl," she continued, patting the steering wheel affectionately.

Cassandra did not want to be at this dreary party, but as chair of the Clear Lake City Historic Preservation Commission, she felt obligated to attend. After all, this man was instrumental in getting the city block condemned where her great-grandfathers first store opened. In spite of her best efforts, the building along with the rest of the block was condemned and slated for demolition. Maybe I can finally make the Councilman see reason, she thought as she locked the car door and walked towards the house.

***

Lauren was bored and miserable as she stood looking out the open French doors into the garden, hoping to avoid another senseless conversation. Ten more minutes and I'm out of here, she thought grimly. She had made nice with Council Member Kennelly, oh yeah, 'Jack', and now she was ready to leave before any more of these vapid people struck up a conversation with her. "Dad owes me big time for this one," she muttered under her breath, gazing absently at the full moon.

***

Cassandra walked into the spacious living room and slowly surveyed the groups of people there. She did not recognize anyone, which did not surprise her. No one she knew would attend such a gathering unless forced. Taking a glass of wine from a passing waiter, her attention focused on a statuesque woman with long black hair looking out an open door into the night.

Silhouetted against the dark sky, she seemed almost ethereal in the moonlight. The woman's' snug white dress contrasted beautifully with her bronze skin and Cassandra was intrigued. Her original intentions for attending the party forgotten, she approached the woman and said, "Excuse me, have we met? My name is Cassandra, Cassandra Barton."

Lauren turned at the sound of the soft voice addressing her and her eyes widened. The woman before her was tall, blonde and blue eyed with the figure of a fashion model. Her blue silk dress fit her slender body as if made for her (which it had been) and she had the sweetest smile on her face.

"I…I don't think so," she stammered. As the scent of the woman's exotic perfume filled her nostrils, Lauren felt the first stirrings of lust for this enchanting stranger. "I'm Lauren Thompson, pleased to meet you."

"The pleasure is all mine, darling," murmured Cassandra, her eyes locked onto Lauren's brown ones feeling as if she was drowning in their warm pools. Gods, she thought, the woman is gorgeous. Where did she come from? Her full lips, high cheekbones and jutting breasts captivated Cassandra, making her pulse pound.

The women stood staring at each other. Lauren finally broke the ice, "I was going to walk in the garden and get some air, would you like to join me?"

"That sounds lovely," said Cassandra brightly. "It is rather stuffy in here."

Soon they were strolling along the gravel paths, the glow of the full moon lighting their way. Not a word passed between them since they had begun to walk, but they continued to turn their heads and smile at each other, pebbles crunching beneath their shoes. Finally, they stopped under the spreading branches of a huge oak tree, turned and faced each other.

To the end of their days, they could never remember which one made the first move. All they could agree on was that they were in each other's arms, locked in a kiss of such intensity that it both thrilled and frightened them. They slowly rubbed their bodies together as their tongues entwined; feeling the arousal building and the spark became a flame.

Breaking their kiss, Lauren gasped, "I want you, Cassie, and I want you now."

"And I want you, Lauren," Cassandra replied in a shaky voice, "My home is just a mile from here. Let's hurry."

Holding hands and laughing, they ran across the lawn toward the parked cars. Lauren leapt into the driver's seat of her jeep crying, "C'mon Cassie, I'm driving. You be the navigator."

Cassandra jumped into the passenger's seat and fastened her seat belt, "Go quickly, darling," she replied. "I can't wait to have you in my bed."

Lauren started the engine and asked, "What about your car? Which one is it?"

"It's the Rolls," Cassandra replied. "I'll send someone around for it. Now drive on, and please hurry."

Lauren laughed, slamming the jeep into gear and roaring down the driveway. "Hang on, babe, I'm about to break some speed limits."

*** 

"Ohhhh, suck them, darling, suck them please," Cassandra moaned as Lauren licked and nibbled on her nipples. Lauren filled her mouth with Cassie's firm flesh, sucking the stiff nubs, trembling with her own need as her lover's delicate hands caressed her back and shoulders.

The drive to Cassie's house was a blur in Lauren's mind. When the gates swung open and her jeep sped down the long, winding driveway, Lauren realized her soon-to-be-lover lived on a vast estate. The mansion was huge, the front doors immense, the winding stairway long; then they were stripping off each other's clothes and rolling in a naked embrace on a canopied bed that encompassed half of the spacious bedroom.

Lauren was determined to lick and suck every inch of Cassie's delicious body, if only to listen to her whimpers and moans. Removing her mouth from Cassie's saliva covered breasts, she licked slowly down her lover's flat belly, teasing the button with her tongue and burying her face in the blonde triangle of hair below.

"Ohhh, please darling, please," Cassie gasped. "Lick me, lick me. I want your tongue in …meeeeee." Her last word became a shriek as Lauren complied with her wishes and clamped her mouth on her lover's wet pussy, sending her tongue deep into the heated crevice, wiggling against the tender pink walls.

"Yes, oh yes, it's so good," Cassie moaned as Lauren's eager mouth slowly drove her mad with passion. She bucked her hips upward, fucking her pussy on Laurens face, feeling her lover's strong hands gripping her ass cheeks as her stabbing tongue danced in her hot cunt.

Cassie's brain exploded in pleasure when Lauren finally nibbled and sucked on her throbbing clit. "Ahhh, Lauren, I'm cummingg," she howled, bucking and thrashing as her orgasms ripped through her. 

Holding Cassie's ass cheeks in an iron grip, she ate her lover to three more orgasms, purring and growling in uncontrollable lust. She couldn't get enough of this woman and would be happy to spend hours between her creamy thighs, eating her pussy as she screamed with pleasure.

"Oohh, no more, please, no more," Cassie cried. Her senses overloading and she felt herself slipping into unconsciousness. When she awoke, Lauren had her cradled in her strong arms, her brown eyes gazing at her adoringly. 

"It's about time you woke up, babe," Lauren chuckled. "You've been out for a good five minutes. I went kinda crazy on you, I'm sorry."

"Don't you dare apologize, you wonderful woman," Cassie sighed. "You are a truly marvelous lover. I haven't cum that hard or so often in ages. Where have you been all my life?"

"On the other side of those iron gates," Lauren said teasingly. "But who cares about that, we're together now, that's all that matters."

"Together," Cassie sighed, snuggling against Laurens hard body. "I like the sound of that. Can you stay the night? My chef makes marvelous Eggs Florentine and her muffins are superb."

"I think I'd rather have your muffins," Lauren grinned, her body stretching lazily like a big cat. "But breakfast does sound good…ohhhh, Cassie, yesss," she moaned as her blonde lover slid two fingers into her slick pussy and bit gently on a hard nipple.

"You don't have to…oooohh…," Lauren gasped as Cassie's slim fingers twisted inside her. "I…I came twice while eating you."

"Shush, Lauren," Cassie replied, her thumb rubbing her lovers' engorged clit. "Now you'll see what your Cassie can do."

"My Cassie," Lauren said contentedly. "My Cassie. Oh yessss…fuck me, fuck your Lauren. Make me cum for you."

"My thoughts exactly," Cassie murmured, straddling Lauren. She engulfed a thick, brown nipple in her mouth, rolling her lover's other breast in her hand, pinching the nipple between her forefinger and thumb. Rubbing her juicy pussy on Lauren's firm belly, Cassie sucked and kneaded her partner's firm globes, reveling in the sound of her whimpers and moans.

Cassie's sensuous breast play was driving Lauren insane. Her clit was throbbing, her pussy was creaming and Cassie teasingly ignored her anguished pleas to lick her, lick her. Finally, taking pity on her bronze-skinned lover, Cassie slowly licked her way down Lauren's quivering body, nuzzling the brown pubic hair until her nose filled with the scent of her bedmate's pussy.

Lauren lifted her long legs over Cassie's shoulders, arching her back and offering her steaming slit to her lover's mouth. "You are so mine," Cassie whispered, burrowing her slick tongue deep in Laurens' juicy cunt.

Lauren emitted a lusty scream as Cassie's tongue slithered between her glistening labial lips, caressing the sensitive pink flesh, scooping out mouthfuls of warm honey that she eagerly swallowed. "Ohhhh, baby, you eat so damn good," Lauren cried as Cassie devoured her delicious meal of gooey pussy. Lauren pinched and tugged on her own nipples as Cassie replaced her tongue with three probing fingers and her warm mouth covered the black haired woman's engorged clit.

Cassie nibbled and licked Lauren's clit as she pumped her fingers into her lover's wet pussy. "More, please," Lauren gasped. "Fist me, Cassie, please, I want it so bad."

Cassie hesitated for a moment. She wanted to please Lauren, but did not want to hurt her. Lauren begged her again and Cassie responded. She curled her fingers around her thumb and slowly pushed her fist into her Lauren's pussy. She could feel the muscles relaxing in her lover's slick hole, and then her fist was in up to her forearm, slowly pumping in and out, as Lauren uttered little shrieks of joy.

Lauren's thighs tightened around Cassie's head as her lover's fist drove her to new heights of ecstasy. Cassie had opened her hand, rubbing the wet inner flesh with her knuckles, rolling her hand back and forth, as her thumb rubbed Lauren's G-spot. Then she began to suck on Lauren's clit once again, sending her into an orgasmic frenzy.

"Oh Godd, Cassie, fuck meeee…" Lauren shrieked as her orgasm crashed over her like an ocean wave. Cassie continued to pump and lick her lover's pussy and clit until Lauren fell back on the mattress in a faint. Cassie carefully removed her fist from Lauren's sopping pussy, happily licking the juices from her fingers and cuddling against her satisfied companion.

When Lauren's eyes fluttered open, she saw Cassie lying next to her, her blue eyes looking at her tenderly. "My sweet Cassie," Lauren whispered, reaching out to caress her lovers' face. "How long was I out?"

"Not long," Cassie replied with a smile. Barely stifling a yawn, she continued, "I don't know about you, but I think a little nap is in order. I am exhausted." 

"Come here," Lauren replied, holding out her arms. "I want to fall asleep with you against me."

"I wouldn't have it any other way," Cassie sighed, melting into her lover's embrace. In a moment, they were snoring softly, dreaming of the days they would spend together.

***

"Dammit, I told you never to call me on this line, you idiot," Jack Kennelly screamed into his office phone. "Use the number I gave you last week." He slammed the receiver down, seething with rage. Things were falling into place and now this moron wanted to talk on a monitored line. I'm too far into this now to risk being discovered, besides the money's too good, he thought nervously. Responding to a faint warble from his desk drawer, he slid it open, grabbed a nondescript cell phone and began speaking rapidly.

***

Lauren was having a wonderful dream. Her pussy was being licked and sucked with such skill and tenderness she couldn't catch her breath as sensations coursed through her body. Her eyes flew open and she realized it was no dream. She lay naked in a gigantic bed, her legs spread wide with a blonde head nestled in her crotch. A pair of mischievous blue eyes looked up at her as soft hands cupped her ass cheeks, holding her in place as Cassie expertly devoured her pussy.

"Ohhhh, mmmmm, morning sweetie," Lauren sighed, her face breaking into a huge smile. Cassie did not reply, but licked faster until her lover's hips bucked and, with a delighted squeal, filled her mouth with delicious juices, which she eagerly swallowed.

"And good morning to you, darling," Cassie said happily, moving up her lover's body and allowing Lauren to lick her own nectar from her shining face. "That's so much more fun than one of those pesky clock radios, don't you think?"

"Oh yeah," Lauren purred, her strong hands gripping Cassie's slim waist. "Now it's my turn to say good morning." Lifting her slim lover easily, she pulled her wet pussy to her mouth and began to tongue fuck it ferociously; Cassie's mewls of pleasure music to her ears as she ate her once again.

"Yes, darling, yes," Cassie moaned as Lauren's tongue probed into her dripping slit. "I love youuuu… Ahhhhh…" Already aroused from eating her bedmate's pussy, Cassie came almost immediately at the touch of Lauren's tongue, filling her lover's mouth with one more helping of love honey.

Snuggling happily together in the orgasmic afterglow, Lauren's tummy began to growl giving Cassie a fit of the giggles. Voice activating the house intercom system, she ordered the kitchen to prepare breakfast for them and in no time it arrived. Hearing a knock on the door, Lauren moved to cover her naked body, but Cassie simply said, "Come in." 

What the hell, Lauren thought, dropping the sheet and leaning back against the huge padded headboard next to her lover. The door swung open and a middle-aged Asian woman in chef's whites entered carrying a large tray, her face impassive. She placed the tray on the end of the bed, removed two bed tables from the closet and proceeded to serve breakfast. Lauren watched her eyes roaming over her and Cassie's bodies, but the woman acted almost disinterested as she finished serving, bowed and left the room.

"That was Etsu Owada, my chef," Cassie explained as Lauren looked at her quizzically, "I hired her away from the Tokyo Hilton. She is an absolute treasure."

Lauren began devouring her breakfast with her usual gusto, while Cassie lifted small forkfuls of food to her rosebud lips, chewing slowly and carefully. Finishing her meal well ahead of her new lover, Lauren swallowed her coffee and asked "What brought you to Kennelly's little clambake last night? I was there on business; well, sort of, of course now I'm glad I went."

"I feel the same way," Cassie replied, dabbing delicately at her lips with a cloth napkin. "I attended because I thought I might get that stubborn man to see reason and not destroy great-grandfather's building downtown. Then, well, you happened and I forgot why I had gone there."

"Um, Cassie," Lauren said nervously, "Our company has the contract to demolish that block of stores. I was there last night so Kennelly could congratulate me on the contract award. I hope this doesn't change anything between us."

Cassie sipped her coffee thoughtfully for a moment, her pink tongue licking the rim of the cup. Lauren silently cursed the fates that had led her to this amazing woman and then thrown this obstacle in her path. The memory of that tongue wriggling in her pussy was making Lauren wet despite her nervousness. Then Cassie replied softly, "It makes no difference, darling. You are merely an instrument of that man's evil activities." She pushed the bed tray to one side and lay back on the sheets. "Your Cassie would love a kiss from her Lauren," she said with a smile.
