 Ugh, why do we have to deal with Monday's? Can't we just start on Tuesday? I thought as I sat at my desk, staring at the shit hand that the start of week had dealt me. The company was replacing all of the employee laptops, and it was a rather large undertaking. I had to load our custom software in addition to all of the other programs the various employees used. At least I had employees that I could have deal with some of this. I guess being the boss had some perks. 

Just like every other Monday morning, my team and I had a morning meeting to go over the work for the week, well, at least the work we knew about. I was head of I.T. for a large corporation. We had offices all over the country and it was our job to keep our employees and the network up and running. The position paid well, very well in fact, but there were times that I'd have to stay late, work an occasional weekend, and I spent a lot of time isolated from everyone else. 

I dispatched my crew and went back to my office to start on my tasks. At least I had music to get me through the day. Monday called for something energetic and aggressive...who am I kidding, that's everyday! The answer, was always hip hop. What would it be today...Scarface? Torae? Sean Price? All excellent choices, but I felt nostalgic...Ice-T - Original Gangster. 

Just as the siren wailed, the beat kicked in and Ice began "Syndicate, fool! L.A., home of the body bag..." there was a knock on my door. I hit pause and hollered at my "guest". 

"Come in!" 

"Hey, Mel! Yo, was that the O.G. Ice T you were playing?" asked one of my employees, Nate. 

"Yes, yes it was Nate. What's up?" I replied. 

"Word! Damn, white girl, you got taste!" 

"Thanks, Nate. Now, what can I do for you?"

Yes, this white girl likes hip hop. I'm sure I don't look like the hip hop type, but who gives a shit. I'm a pale skinned, red headed 26 year old and I've listened to it since I was little. My brothers introduced me to it and I've been hooked ever since. It keeps me motivated in the gym, where I bust my ass to counteract the damage of sitting on my ass behind a desk everyday. 

Once I had Nate's question answered, I spent the rest of the day prepping for the computer rollout. 

I glanced at the clock and was surprised to see that it was close to quitting time. I guess I wasn't going to get any more accomplished today, so I logged off my computer and set off to enjoy my few precious hours of freedom. 

I was debating what I was going to have for dinner, when I drove past the new record store and noticed that they were open. I had been watching the progress they'd been making the last few months. They were moving into an old building that used to be a small theater. It had neat architecture and I heard that the inside was very cool. 

I had to go check it out so I pulled into the parking lot. The old theatre marquee was still functional and it was in really good shape. "The Capitol" was its name and the old neon sign looked very cool all lit up. Inside it was apparent that it was an old theater. Instead of movie posters, there were posters for new music releases. The lobby was actually fairly large and ornate and they were able to install several racks for new and used cds and vinyl. The old concession counter was where the register was and the glass cases featured rare import cds and various band merchandise. There was another room past the concession stand that featured even more music in addition to other merchandise such as clothing and posters. On the back wall of this room were the doors to the theater and a staircase with a sign that read "projector". 

I was checking out the hip hop section when I spotted her coming down the stairs. I know it was rude to stare, but I couldn't help it. I was hoping I wasn't as obvious about it as I felt I was. She was beautiful but she looked pretty young. Her hair was long, probably halfway down her back, and it was dyed a gorgeous shade of blue. Her arms were covered in tattoos up to her shoulders. Her skin was pale, almost as pale as mine, and she was very fit looking. Her tank top hugged her body and while her boobs didn't look huge, they looked perfect on her. Cutoff jean shorts and blue converse all-stars completed her ensemble. 

She glanced over at me when she reached the bottom of the stairs and shot me a cute little grin. Fuck, I was busted. I spent a few more minutes looking through the cds while trying to watch the blue haired goddess. She chatted to the guy behind the counter for a bit then went and straightened a few things before ringing a customer up. I didn't really see anything I had to have, but then I hadn't really paid much attention to the music selection, and I felt a bit embarrassed by getting caught checking her out. 

I was just about to the door when she called out to me. "Thanks for coming in. Did you see anything you liked?"

Shit. Did I ever! I could have chosen to handle the situation with poise, but instead I stammered like a fucking idiot. 

"Um, not really, I mean yeah...but...you um, have a good night. Nice...nice place."

I couldn't move fast enough. I sat in my car and leaned my head against the steering wheel. Thankfully I had tinted windows, so I could beat myself up in peace. My next stop was the gym, and I hoped I could maintain my dignity there. 

My work out left me feeling drained but very satisfied. I hit a few more reps than I had last week and upped the weight on a few sets. I needed sustenance and Chinese sounded like an excellent choice. I stopped for some take out and retreated to the comfort of my own home. 

I checked a few things on my phone while I ate. I read a few Reddit posts and left a few upvotes before I searched for pics of girls with blue hair. Seriously?! I guess since I couldn't show my face in the new music store again, I might as well allow myself this fantasy. 

Tuesday morning felt awfully similar to Monday morning. At least I slept good thanks to my workout. I arrived at work and focused on the tasks ahead of me. Nate stopped by again to check on my playlist for the day and talk a bit about music. He recommended a couple of projects that I hadn't heard, but thankfully Apple Music had them. As I sat bobbing my head to the beats of The Gorgeous Killer by Fresh Daily, I wondered if The Capitol records would have a copy. Yes, even though I streamed my music, there was something about buying a physical copy that just felt so right. 

Out of all the establishments in the city that I could purchase music from, of course I'd think of the one that employed the gorgeous blue haired girl. Maybe my awkward display wasn't that bad? Did it really matter? Fuck no, because I knew I was going back there tonight. 

4:30. Quitting time. I got in my car and drove straight to the record store. I walked in the front door and was greeted by the gentleman behind the counter. He asked if I needed assistance but I told him I was just browsing. Yeah, I was browsing alright. I didn't see my girl anywhere, which disappointed me, but I planned on picking up some music regardless. I hit the hip hop section and found the "f's", but unfortunately they didn't have what I was there for. 

"Is there something you were looking for?" Were the words I heard. The voice they belonged to was so cute and sweet sounding. 

"Um, yes, as a matter of fact there is." I replied as I raised my eyes to look at her. She was even more beautiful up close. 

"And what would that be?" She inquired. 

Fuck. I was starting again. I told her what I was looking for and she thought for a minute. 

"We might have it in back. Follow me!" She said as she turned and headed towards the doors to the theater. 

"We have a few totes of product that we haven't made room for yet. Let me check real quick." She explained. 

She bent over and dug through the first tote. Was she doing this on purpose? Her already tight black leggings were working hard to keep that delicious behind covered. Why did I assume she was doing it on purpose? She was probably another pretty straight girl. Still, it didn't hurt to peek. 

"Nope, doesn't look like we have that." She said. 

She stood up and looked at me like she was studying me, but only for a moment. 

"I'd be more than happy to order it for you though." She offered. 

I followed her back to the front where she placed the order through their distributors website. 

"It will be here waiting for you tomorrow evening." She stated. Great, now I didn't have to think of another excuse to stop in tomorrow night. 

"Thank you...I'm sorry, but I didn't catch your name?" I thought that was pretty smooth of me."

"Erin." She said with a smile. 

"I'm Melanie, but everyone calls me Mel. It was a pleasure to meet you, Erin!" I said sincerely. 

"Likewise, Mel. I'm happy you came in. Hope to see you tomorrow."

Wednesday seemed like it would never end. I didn't even care about my order at this point, all I wanted to do was to see Erin. Should I just go for it and ask her out? Nah, bad idea. I had no idea if she was into other women. I did notice that she didn't wear a ring, so there was a good chance that she wasn't engaged or married. She looked pretty young too...fuck, I hope she wasn't too young! There I go again, letting my thoughts go wild. 

I actually got away from my desk for a little while and fixed some issues a few a couple of employees were having with their computers. It helped to make the time pass and it got my mind off of seeing Erin. It was soon time to leave though and I had somewhere to be. 

I walked through the doors of The Capitol records store about 8 minutes later. Erin was standing behind the counter talking to a customer but took a second to flash me a smile and a little wave. I wandered around the store while she finished up with her customer. 

I was digging through some vinyl when I felt a tap on my shoulder. 

"Sorry that took so long. I was hoping you'd be in tonight!" She said. 

"I'm glad I didn't disappoint you!" I replied with a smile. 

"We got your order in! It's held in the back. Come with me." She stated. 

I followed her to the back but hesitated when she opened the "employees only" door. She motioned for me to follow her, so what choice did I have? I let the door close and followed her to a shelf with a "customer orders" sign on it. She handed me the cd, which had a post-it note on it that said "Mel" with a little heart after my name. I took ahold of the cd but she didn't release it from her grip. 

"You'll have to let me know how it is." She said softly. 

"I will." I replied in an equally soft tone. The tension at that moment was intense. I was at a loss for words so instead of saying something stupid I went with my gut. 

I leaned in and kissed her. It was just a little kiss, but it felt wonderful! I pulled away, hoping it didn't cross the line. 

Erin bit her bottom lip as a cute little grin appeared on her face. 

"Let's go get you taken care of...I mean...check you out...No! To the register!" She hilariously stammered as she walked past me and out the door, her face as red as my hair.

I followed her to the counter and she rang up my purchase. I swiped my card, unable to look at her for fear that I fucked up. Argh! Why was this so difficult?! Fuck it...

"Erin, I...um...would you like to grab some coffee or something sometime?" I hesitantly asked. 

"I'd love too." She replied. 

"Great! Oh...should I call or text, or..." I uttered. 

"Are you free right now?" She asked. 

"Uh, yeah. Now is fine!" I said. 

"Yay!" She said excitedly. "Hang on just one second. Hey Matt!! I'm taking off. I'll be in tomorrow evening." She hollered at the gentleman organizing records. 

He gave her a thumbs up and told her "thanks for helping out, my dear!" 

We walked out and down a few doors to a little coffee shop. We found a small table and sat with our drinks. 

"Tell me about yourself, Erin." I said. 

"Well, I'm 17..." she started to say as I choked and spit my coffee out. A sense of dread washed over me. 

"Mel...Mel...I'm sorry, I was just kidding! Don't die on me!" Erin said as she laughed. 

"Whew...holy shit! (cough)...don't do that shit again (cough)..." I managed to say. 

"Ok, I'm 24, but I do look younger than that." She confessed. 

"Yes you do! I just about died thinking that I kissed a 17 year old." I declared. 

"I enjoyed your kiss, by the way." Erin said.

"You did? I'm not usually that forward but..." I began to explain when Erin's phone pinged with a notification. She picked it up and read the screen and her mood changed drastically. 

"Fuck...fuck...I, I'm sorry but I've got to go. Mel, thank you...but, I've got to go." Erin grabbed her purse and coffee and bolted out the door. Son of a bitch! I finally work up the courage to ask her out and then she has to bail. I hoped that everything was alright with her, but she seemed awfully upset. I'd have to check on her tomorrow.

I decided to take my coffee and head to the gym. My workout wasn't as good as I had hoped it would be. I was distracted by Erin. I was concerned about her after the way she reacted to that text. She said she enjoyed my kiss though! Did that mean that there was something there? I hoped to find out. 

Thursday was a busy day and it kept me focused on work, so much so that I actually worked past quitting time! I hurried over to the record store, hoping to see Erin. When I walked in, I didn't see her but I did see the guy she talked to yesterday. 

"Matt?" I asked. 

"Yes! How may I help you?!" He replied. 

"Is Erin around?" I inquired. 

"Nope. I haven't heard from her today. She doesn't actually work here, well, she does, but she just helps when she can. Sorry." He explained. 

"Ok, thanks." Well, shit. I wonder what was going on with her? 

Friday should have been a cause for celebration, but I slept like shit Thursday night and felt like hell today. I thought about Erin all night and was hoping to see her after work. I had spent most of the week loading new laptops with our new software and getting them ready to deploy to our large pool of employees. To say it was mind numbing work would be an understatement. I was ready for the weekend and a chance to unwind, but I had to make it through today first. I had 10 new laptops ready to distribute. Nate would handle 8 of them, and I'd take care of the others. I had the rest of my employees on other tasks today. 

Later on that day, I had my two laptops up and running and their users back in business in a reasonable amount of time. When I came back to the department to decommission the old units, Nate was waiting for me. 

"Hey, Mel. I got most of mine done with no issues, but this one dude...he was an asshole about it. He's some manager on the 3rd floor, a Mr. Scott Arnold. He says he doesn't have time to swap out laptops." Nate informed me. 

"And you let him slide?! Nate?! This guy can't be bigger than you?" I joked, but Nate was rather imposing. 

"Yo, I need this job, alright. I can't be snappin' on a dude when he gives me attitude. I don't have that kind of pull around here. That's why you make the big bucks!" He chuckled. 

I decided to pay Mr. Arnold a visit. 

I knocked on the door to his office and didn't get a reply, so I knocked again. I finally heard him yell "come in" with an annoyed tone to voice. His demeanor changed when he saw me. 

"Well, hello! What can I do for you?!" Trying to be charming. 

"I'm here to swap out your laptop. We are..." I tried explaining before he interrupted me. His fake, nice guy attitude vanished. 

"Listen, Miss...whoever you are, I don't have time to deal with this. I'm very busy." He said. 

"It's Melanie Tucker, and I'm the head of I.T." I informed him. "Everyone is getting new laptops. EVERYone."

"Well, my dear, I'm sorry but I left mine at home. How forgetful of me." He stated with a sarcastic tone.

"Then who's computer is that?" I asked, pointing to a laptop under a pile of papers. 

Just then we were interrupted by a knock on the door. 

"Scotty!" The voice, attached to a pretty blonde, called out. 

"It's her's...isn't it Stephanie?" He said sternly. "You must have left your computer in here after our meeting...didn't you?" He shot her a very piercing look. 

"Oh! There it is! How silly of me!" She said. "Scotty, do you still have the conference this weekend?" 

"Yes. I'm leaving in about an hour and I'll be gone until late Monday." He said. "Maybe I'll remember my computer on Tuesday. Now, Miss Tucker...if you'll excuse us, I have a few things to discuss with Ms. Weaver." 

I returned to my department and made a note to remind myself to go visit "Scotty" again. Nate was right, he was a fucking asshole. 

The rest of the day was smooth and uneventful. I logged off and left for the weekend. Do I even need to mention where I was going? 

I walked into The Capitol records store and was instantly greeted by Matt. 

"Mel?" He asked me, more of a confirmation actually. 

"Yes?" I replied. 

"I'm supposed to give you this. I have explicit instructions to pass along as well. Do not, and I repeat, DO NOT call. Only text." He was adamant about the last part. 

It was a phone number on the back of a record store business card. It wasn't just any number though, it was Erin's. My heart fluttered a bit. I was trying to not get my hopes up, but I saw this as a good thing. I thanked Matt and went straight home. The gym could wait. 

Hey! It's Mel. Is everything ok? I sent my message and waited, and waited. 15 minutes passed and I finally saw the 3 little bouncing dots. 

I'm fine. Want to get together later? She texted back. 

Yes. I can meet you somewhere or we can hang out at my place? I sent back. 

Your place would be great! Was her answer. 

I texted her my address and we arranged to meet at 7:00pm. I had about an hour and a half to get ready. I had beer, wine, and various liquor on hand. I changed into something a bit more casual and waited. I turned on my stereo and cued up some J Dilla instrumentals to chill to while I waited. I grabbed an IPA to drink as well. 

At 7:00pm on the dot, my doorbell rang. A rush of excitement surged through me as I went to answer the door. When I opened the door, Erin greeted me with a huge smile and a warm hug. It felt so wonderful to put my arms around her. She smelled of flowers and fruit and felt so soft and delicate.I invited her in and offered her a drink. She noticed my beer and chose one as well. I asked if she was hungry and she told me she was starving. We both agreed that pizza really sounded good, so I placed the order and waited for the delivery. 

Erin complimented me on my choice of music and I found out that she was a bit of a hip hop head herself. We discussed music until the pizza arrived. It was wonderful getting to know Erin and I was beginning to feel so comfortable around her. She seemed to exude positive energy, and she was also very nice to look at. We ate and drank a bit more, but I wanted to get to know more about this lovely woman. 

"Since we never had a chance to finish our conversation at the coffee shop, let's pick up where we started. First off though, is everything ok? You looked frightened when you read that text while we were at the coffee shop." I asked. 

"Oh, yeah. Thanks for your concern, but don't worry about that. So... our conversation... where were we?" She replied, almost as if she wanted to change the subject. Maybe it was truly just nothing. 

"I want to know about you!" I said excitedly. 

"Ok, well...I'm Erin Parker, 24 years old, NOT 17!...sorry about that! Anyway, I'm a graphic designer for the Diabolic Design House. We work with clients all over the world. I designed the logo for Matt's record store as gift for him. He's been a friend for a long time and I wanted to help him out. That's why I'm at the store. I help out while he's getting the business up and running. It's been a better experience than I had thought it would be." She explained with emphasis on the last statement. 
