 My dear readers, 

This is part two. If you missed part one, it's directly under this one...you will want to read it first. Thank-you.

*****

I tucked one leg under one of Blue's legs and kept fucking the double dildo in and out of Blue...gently...steadily...but, ALL the way in...letting it push her body every time it reached the back of her hungry pussy.

Blue's body was already trembling with excitement, her juices pouring out of her and running down to her ass.

"Ooooooooooooooohhhhhhhhhhh...Sunneeeeeeeeeee...yes baby...yes baby...fuck me real good!"

I looked right into her pretty eyes...Blue was in that zone...she had a wild, savage, animal-based urge...I knew...she had gotten me into that zone many times.

"Blue?...you know I love you...right, baby?"

Blue was breathless. "Oh...Sunny...I love you, too!...NOW FUCK ME!"

I kept working our toy in and out of Blue...pushing it all the way in each time...a little squeal coming from her throat every time I fucked into her. I reached down, soaked my finger in my own juices and held it to her mouth, spreading my juices on her lips. Blue sucked my finger into her mouth, grabbed my long hair with both hands and BIT my finger!

"FUCK ME SUNNY!!"

I removed her hands from my hair and shoved her onto her back. I threw all my waist-length, platinum blonde hair back...I got a firm grip on that double-dildo with my pussy muscles and fucked HARD into her...over and over and over! 

Blue screamed with pure pleasure each time...

I was now too wet to hold my end and each fuck into her was fucking hard into my own pussy...hitting the back of me...I cum so easily and a hard orgasm was building deep within my body!

Our bodies were now slapping together and our juices were splashing all over both of us...we both get extremely wet and we were both soaked!

"YEAH SUNNY! MAKE ME CUM! FUCK ME! FUCK ME! FUCK ME! FUCK ME!"

She was now fucking her pussy at me, meeting me every time I fucked her...ramming that toy hard against the back of my pussy, screaming each time...

"FUCK SUNNY!!...I'M CUMMING BABY!!"

BLue grabbed my ankles and fucked hard at me...I was going to cum any second...I grabbed HER ankles because I was shoving her shaking body every time I fucked her!

Suddenly, we both came at once! Two sex-crazed, wild women who each cum a LOT! We fucked the living daylights out of each other and continously screamed...our bodies working as one violent earthquake!

"SUUUUUUUNEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!"

"FUCK ME HARD, 

BLUUUUUUUUUUE!!"

With both our bodies in violent spasm, our cum flowed hard from our pussies and splashed EVERYWHERE! We held onto each other and rode each other roughly...each of us trying to out-fuck the other! We were both COVERED in each other's cum!

When our orgasms finally ended, I eased off of my end of our lovely toy and gently slipped Blue's end from her. She was flat on her back, breathing heavily...her leg muscles quivering...

I slid my wet body up to Blue...when my nipples slid against her's, she jumped deliciously...I straddled her body and held her...my mouth met her lips and I kissed her very deeply, my tongue sliding along her tongue...I ended our kiss by pulling on her bottom lip and letting it go.

"Ooooooooohhhhhhh...Sunny...baby...ooooooohhhhhh..."

"Oh, Blue...my precious lover...I am sooooooo not done with you"

"Oooooohhh fuck, Sunny..."

I slid down only a little and gently sucked each of her nipples into my mouth, then let them slip to my lips...I squeezed each one, then pulled it until it slipped from my lips. Each time, Blue softly screamed and her body jumped hard as she dug her nails into my back...she was ultra-sensitive now...I slid my body down to her pussy and spread her legs...

"Now, my sweet Blue...you just relax...your hot little slut has more she wants to do to you...LOTS more."

I slid my arms under Blue's thighs and and held on tight...I knew what was going to happen...I placed my mouth on her wet inner thigh...right NEXT to her still-quivering pussy...Blue screamed out loud and her body went insane!

I held onto her and trailed hot, wet kisses toward her pussy...nooooooooooo...I was nowhere near done with my Blue...

I spread Blue's legs, opened my mouth wide and placed it on her pussy...my hot tongue against her still-swollen and very sensitive outer lips. 

My pretty baby screamed out fucking LOUD in total pleasure and grabbed two handfuls of my hair, pulling on it ferociously! 

Fuck! I LOVE when she pulls my hair!

I slid my tongue from bottom to top...licking Blue's pretty pussy like a lollipop, over and over...each time, ending with the tip of my tongue flicking across her clit.

Blue's body was in constant spasm and shaking hard each time my tongue hit her clit...I fucking LOVED was I was doing to her! I grabbed her hands and pulled them from my hair, slid my arms back under her thighs and held her wrists down...

...good thing I did that...

...I had my mouth on her clit...my tongue ravaging it...fuck, it was so hot! Blue's body shook hard and immediately, she came like hell! 

Blue cums a LOT, as do I. (no, we don't squirt) 

I kept torturing her clit and sucking her honey-sweet cum from her, swallowing every drop...Blue just kept screaming and screaming my name at the top of her lungs!

When Blue's body finally wound down, I scooped and sucked the last of her cum from her burning pussy into my mouth, crawled up to her and kissed her, letting all her cum flow into her mouth.

Of course...my thigh was firmly against her pussy...

Our tongues played with Blue's cum, back and forth...both of us whimpering and purring at each other...she had my hair again, pulling on it while she tried to devour my lips. I took her bottom lip with mine, squeezed it, then pulled on it before licking her cum that we had spilled from her cheeks...

...she just laid there...her mouth open...catching her breath...speaking, but, barely intelligible...

"Oh...Sunny...Sunny...oh-fuck...my Sunny...oooooohhhhhh..."

Mmmmmmmm! I loved it!

And I wanted more...

...a LOT more...

...and I would have it...

I slid back down between my pretty Blue's thighs, her fingernails scraping my back as I went. Then, she grabbed my hair as I buried my face in her pussy, which I love so much...

"Ooooooooohhhhhhh Sunny...eat me again, Sunny...pleeeeeeease suck my pussy again, Sunny..."

Oh...did I ever...and my baby came three more times because I didn't even stop after each time...just kept on fucking her with my mouth!

I crawled up to Blue, my always and forever love, and lovingly kissed her lips, neck and shoulders...then held her against me to make her feel loved and cherished. We both fell asleep, our hearts beating as one.

*****

Part three coming soon...

Thank-you for reading.

My love to you all,

Sunny