 The next morning, I woke up with my arms and legs wrapped around my sweet Blue. 

As is normal, I was horny as hell when I woke. 

Blue was sleeping very soundly. I couldn't wake her...I really worked her over last night and loved every second of it!

I slipped my arms and legs from around her and rolled onto my tummy. I slid my hand under me, slid two fingers deep inside my pussy and proceeded to fuck myself very hard! 

My sloppy-wet pussy made so much noise...and the wetter I got, the harder and deeper I fucked myself! Out of nowhere, my body shuddered and shook...I buried my face in my pillow to suppress my scream and I came VERY fucking hard!

I collapsed to the mattress and my face was still in the pillow when I heard my Blue. "You are SO fucking sexy, baby." 

I turned to Blue and she hadn't moved, but her eyes were open and she was smiling.

"Good point! I AM fucking sexy and I belong to you, my love! By the way, I didn't know you were awake."

"How could I sleep through all that? And it was hot as hell!"

I gently held Blue's face and kissed her very deeply. "As your future wife, I will always be hot as hell for you, baby."

Blue smiled with those gorgeous eyes. "As YOUR wife, I will always be something for you to get hot for!"

"I love you soooooo much, Blue."

"I love YOU, Sunny."

I kissed her again, then went outside, naked of course, to get my daily sunshine. I squirted hot suntan oil all over my deeply-tanned body and rubbed it all over myself...

...naturally, I played with my pussy. The sun on my naked body makes my pussy throb hard and beg for attention. Oh, I wanted Blue out there!

I rubbed my oily, swollen clit and thought of my gorgeous Blue...in no time, I came very hard in a delicious orgasm!

Now, I could relax. I was baking in the sun...maybe half-asleep...not sure.

Then, Blue came out, except, I didn't know she was there until her lips touched mine. She brushed her lips on mine at first, then licked my lips with the tip of her tongue. Like me, she was naked. We don't wear clothes outside either. She was above my head where I couldn't reach her body...looking at me upside down.

"Oooooooohhhhhhhh...my Blue...kiss me, baby...kiss me good."

Blue purred at me and sank her lips upon mine...I whimpered into her and her tongue explored my warm, wet mouth...her lips pressing hard on mine. I softly squealed when her tongue fucked farther into my mouth, then she backed off our kiss and kept her lips barely touching mine.

"You look sooooooo fucking hot, Sunny...I had to come out here."

"I have a feeling I'm going to get hotter, sweetheart."

Blue giggled. "Why do you think I came out here, my baby?"

"Ooooooooooooo...yes, love...my pussy belongs to you, Blue...take it whenever you want, my pretty baby."

Blue kissed me again, her lips eagerly against mine...we were holding each other's faces and her tongue was fucking toward my thoat. A hot, very sexual sound came from her throat and her kiss got more urgent as she savagely tried to devour me with her mouth.

I moaned and whimpered into her mouth, then separated our kiss, but kept my hot breath on her lips...

"Fuck me, Blue! Take my pussy! Possess it! Fuck me good and make me your hot, fucking slut!"

I could feel my juices flowing from my overheated pussy...

Blue smiled at me. "Spread your legs for me, hot stuff..."

"Ooooooooooo...I'll always spread my legs for you, my Blue!"

Blue slid down and buried her face between my legs...when she sucked my throbbing pussy into her mouth, I raised my ass in the air and screamed out-fucking LOUD! She held onto my body and kept tongue-fucking me until a huge orgasm overtook me! I came so fucking hard!

Blue kissed me and went back inside. I stayed outside for about 3 more hours. I'm addicted to tanning...my tan is very dark, but I still have a fear of losing it, though it doesn't look like that can really happen. Anyway...

I woke from being asleep out there, very hot and horny as always when I've been out there. I found my pretty Blue in the kitchen and I backed her against the wall...my back against her...my ass pressed hard against her always-naked body. I was quite oily...I rubbed my ass on her hips and reached back, wrapping my arms around the back of her neck.

Blue wrapped one arm around me and rubbed my tummy...her other hand deeply massaged my ass...oh fuck...I was in heaven! I rubbed my ass on her some more.

"Ya like your baby's ass, Blue?"

"Oh...Sunny...you KNOW I love your ass!"

I pressed my ass into her harder and she slid her hand from my tummy down to my pussy, then rubbed my pussy and massaged it...I purred loudly, my juices starting to soak my inner thighs.

Blue loves that I get so fucking wet...she does too and it drives me crazy!

My pussy was so oily, and Blue was easily able to slide her finger waaaaaaaaay inside me...I involuntarily rose to my toes and hot squeals of absolute pleasure escaped my throat. I drove my ass harder into her and she moved her other hand to my pussy...getting my oily, throbbing clit between two fingers!

I leaned my head way back against her...I was breathless...

"Oooohhhh fuck yes, Blue! Fuck my pussy hard! MAKE YOUR BABY CUM!"

Blue had her hot breath against my ear. "Your pussy is all mine, my sweet Sunnypuss." Then, she shoved two fingers inside my dripping pussy...fucking me DEEPLY and gently squeezed my clit...

That did it! My oily body spasmed against her and 

I shook like hell! She kept fucking me and I came fucking HARD, my cum flowing down my inner thigh...I was still holding onto her with my arms around the back of her neck!

When my orgasm ended, I fell to the floor, landing on my side...breathing hard and whimpering. Blue lied down and pulled me to her tummy, wrapping her arms and legs around me.

"Oh...Blue...my sweet baby...I love you so much...so, so much."

"I love YOU, my Sunnypuss...I will forever!...and you made a big mess on this floor!"

"No...YOU did!"

"No! YOU did!"

"It was YOU!"

"No! YOU!"

(That may never be resolved...I WILL take 50% of the blame)

Thank-you for reading.

My love to all,

Sunny

Copyright 2015 Sunny Johansen