 "Hold still Sunny."

We had just gotten out of the shower and Blue was painting my toenails. A very slutty candy apple red. Of course, we were naked. We always are...that's how we live. Most of you know that.

I had one foot in her lap and my legs spread wide. I can't help it...Blue painting my toenails makes me wet beyond belief!

"Damn Sunny...you're such a fucking whore. Don't you ever close your legs?"

"With you around? Not much! You make me want to be YOUR fucking whore!"

Blue looked up at me and smiled.

"That's right lover...you're my own personal fucktoy."

"Fuck! It makes me so hot when you call me that!"

"Well, if you don't stop wiggling, I'll have to pull you over my lap and spank you!"

"Oooooooooo! Spank me all you want...real hard! But, you have to promise to hold me down and fuck my ass with the strap-on!"

Blue was breathing harder now...she loves doing that to me...

"Oh, I'll pin down your arms and legs so you can't move and fuck the HELL out of that tanned ass of yours!"

It makes me cum when Blue fucks my ass. Some women can do that...I'm lucky to be one of them.

I tossed my long hair around, letting my eyes show through my bangs...

"I'll hold my ass in the air for you with my legs spread, so you can REALLY fuck me hard...I want your hips to slap against my ass!"

My foot was still in her lap. I was leaning back on my hands, letting her watch my pussy lips quivering for her...I was so sloppy-wet with my juices flowing heavily, my entire tanned pussy was glistening...

Blue couldn't finish my toenails...she set the polish aside...

"Ooooooooookay...now, you have me shaking, so your toenails will have to wait."

"That's fine! I think we have more important things to do!"

"Oh yeah...we sure do......"

Blue got on her back and pulled me on top of her.

I was lying between her legs. She wrapped them around my waist...I was slid down a bit, giving her a bunch of warm, wet kisses on her tummy. She was squirming around...my firm tummy muscles rubbed her pussy, and I could feel it getting hotter.

I slid down farther, then, smiling at her and reaching to the nightstand, I got one of those thin chocolate mints. I love them! You know them...in a green package? Rectangular with a brand name that starts with an "A"? I don't think I can say the brand name here.

Blue said, "Uh...Sunny? What are you doing?"

I laughed...

"You'll see, baby!"

I rolled the chocolate mint around in my mouth, keeping it flat and rectangular. I got it very wet with my warm mouth and let it dissolve enough to be very soft.

Blue took keen interest, propping her head on another pillow to watch. 

I looked at her and smiled, then used my tongue to stick the chocolate mint to her skin...JUST above her smooth, hairless pussy...

"Oh gee...here, I thought you were going to actually eat the candy. I should have known better!"

"Yeah! You should have!"

"So, I have a chocolate mint stuck to me now. Great...and what do we ---"

Right then, I slid my tongue downward across the chocolate mint and rubbed her clit with my tongue. She grabbed my hair and her body went insane!

"Sunny! Yes, baby!"

I let the candy melt and flow down over her clit while I used my tongue to slather her pussy with the mint chocolate...

Blue had handfuls of my long hair, pulling hard on it, trying pull my face more into her lovely, chocolate-covered pussy...purring...whimpering at me...begging to be deep-fucked with my tongue...

"Sunny....oh....oh......oh....fuck.....baby....give it to me....."

I kept sliding my tongue downward over the chocolate mint, getting more of it all over her pussy...when I started sucking and pulling on her outer lips, she arched her back, squealing unintelligibly and pushing her pussy at my face...

I opened my mouth wide and her minty-chocolate pussy gave me mouthfuls of her always-sweet juices...I swallowed them hungrily while sucking her pussy harder into my mouth, delighting in her juices flowing down my throat...

I pushed my face harder into her, losing myself in my baby's pussy, sucking at it with hot little sounds of sexual contentment, as though to get nourishment I must have...she was screaming louder now, her body shaking, feeding me more and more of her hot Bluejuices I longed to have in my tummy...

Oh, but I wanted her cum even more...her body was going crazy! She would give me...her slutty hot playtoy...one mouthful after another of her burning hot Bluecum...

And it was time to take it...

I slid my tongue over the last of the chocolate mint, sliding it down on Blue's pussy...Blue was already in spasms and had lost all control of her body...

"Fuck Sunny! You're such a fucking hot slut! Make me cum in your mouth!"

I opened my mouth wide, and fucking POUNCED my mouth on her pussy, ramming my tongue into her and sucking her to DEATH!

"Fuck yes! Own my pussy, baby! Make me cum hard!"

I screamed into her pussy while sucking her, my tongue reaching way inside her...under her ass, my finger ran circles around her opening...I wiggled my tongue real hard deep inside her pussy...then her orgasm overtook her!

"SUNNEEEEEEEEEEEEE! FUCKFUCKFUCK!"

Blue's body was all tensed up hard, her ass off the mattress...her sweet, hot cum flowing into my mouth...she screamed and screamed! I kept riding her with my mouth, holding onto her body, my finger deep between her ass cheeks...I sucked her eagerly to get every bit of cum from her, swallowing it down my throat...

When her orgasm ended, she was out of breath, whimpering...her thigh and tummy muscles quivering...I slid up beside her and wrapped her with my arms and legs, pulling the covers up and stroking her back, over her ass and down the back of her thighs to calm her...

I put my lips very softly to hers and and gave her lots of gentle, wet kisses, then whispered...

"I love you sooooooo much, my precious baby."

She was still exhausted and I could barely hear her...I felt her lips against mine...

"I love you, baby...so much...so, so much...."

Thank-you for reading!

My love to all,

Sunny

© 2017 Sunny Johansen