 As with everything I write, unless I've stated otherwise, this is real and happened about a week ago.

This is porn. If you read this expecting erotica, you're to be disappointed...

I can't shower without getting horny...if Blue isn't in there to play with me, I ALWAYS fuck myself.

We turned on the water and Blue sat on the marble bench. The bench is out from the wall by a few feet. She leaned back, spread her legs for me and patted her pussy...

"Come to me, my hot baby...take my body and do whatever you want, as long as you make me cum DAMN hard."

I smiled and slid my body between her thighs. I massaged her pretty pussy while kissing her.

I slid my tongue into her mouth...she whimpered and tried to get more of my lips with hers...I fucked my tongue toward her throat and purred at her.

She parted our lips and spoke with her hot breath against my.mouth...

Sunny? Ya know what your baby wants don't you?

"Fuck yes...fuck yes, I do...lie down and give your ass to your very own slutty fucktoy...Blue's ass belongs to Sunny."

Blue smiled and lied on her tummy, lengthwise on the bench with her legs straddling it...surrendering her ass and sweet pussy to her woman...her woman who knows how to make her cum and cum and cum...

I held my lover's perfect ass and slid my long tongue between her ass cheeks...

Blue raised her ass in the air for me...

"Ooooooooooohhhhh Sunny...yes, yes yes."

I had my face buried between her ass cheeks, my tongue flicking her opening...her body was tensing up.

I could have made her cum immediately, but I was in the mood to play with her...and it makes me hot as HELL.

Sometimes, I'm just a devilish little slut.

It often results in her attacking me with a double dildo buried deep inside her, and ramming my end to the back of my sloppy-drippy pussy.

I withdrew my tongue from her and straddled her ass, resting my large, swollen pussy on one of her firm ass cheeks.

FUCK! That made my entire body start shaking!

My hot juices flowed down between her ass cheeks and flooded her opening...I slowly fucked myself on her...she raised her ass even higher for me and urged me on...

"Yeah Sunny! Cum on my ass!"

I rubbed myself harder on her ass cheek, fucking against it ferociously and screaming...my juices formed a river down her back...deep inside me, an earthquake orgasm was building and I was shaking hard!

"FUCK YES! CUMMING ON YOU, BABY!! OOOOOHHHHH FUCK!!"

I came so fucking hard!!

My cum flowed from my pussy and I kept fucking myself against her, riding her ass cheek...fuck!...I cum so much!

When my orgasm passed, Blue stayed on her tummy on the bench and I gently laid myself on top of her, my pussy still oozing cum on her ass...

Blue was rubbing her ass against me as much as she could, being under me...

"Sunny...please...fuck me now...please fuck me!"

I had her pinned to the bench...I was in control. I teased the back of her neck...licking her there and sucking her skin. That drives her crazy! I slid my mouth near her ear...

"Would baby like to have my tongue in her ass?"

"FUCK ME, SUNNY!"

"Would baby like to have my tongue way, waaaaaaaaaay inside her ass?"

"SUNNY! YOU'RE A FUCKING BAD-GIRL PUSSY-TEASE!!"

I slid down far enough to reach under her and softly play with her clit with one finger...

"Ooooooooo...if your hot, slutty woman is such a bad girl, you'll have to pull me over your lap and spank me."

After I said that, juices started pouring from my pussy again...Blue's body was trembling hard from my finger on her clit. I pulled my finger away...

"DAMMIT SUNNY!"

I laid back down her back and got my lips close to her ear so she could feel my hot breath on her skin...her body was still shaking as I spoke softly... 

"My precious baby...I can make you cum whenever I want you to cum...as many times as I want you to cum...even when you don't think you can cum again, I can STILL make you cum. I know how...that's why I belong to you."

Still on her tummy, Blue grabbed my hair hanging down on both sides of her. She had her ass in the air, shoving it against my hips while whimpering for me...

I slid my body down her back, trailing hot, wet kisses down her spine to her ass, speaking between kisses...

"Shall we see how much of my long, strong tongue baby can take in her ass? Would you like me to tongue-fuck you deep enough to make your ears wiggle?"

That made my baby scream in hot anticipation...

I slid my tongue down between her ass cheeks...her body started shaking with excitement...I spread her ass cheeks and DROVE my tongue deep into her ass!

"FUCKFUCKFUCK! SUNNY! FUCK YES!!"

I slipped my finger into her sloppy-drippy pussy and massaged her g-spot while fucking my tongue into her ass a far as I could...she was screaming at the top of her lungs...her voice echoing very loudly off the shower walls!

Blue fucked her ass back at me to get more of my tongue...her pussy tightened around my finger, her juices POURING FROM HER...her body was tense...so ready to cum...

"FUCK ME SUNNEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE! MAKE ME CUM!"

Her body went crazy! Blue came so fucking hard! I struggled to keep my tongue inside her! Her orgasm lasted forever!

When it subsided, I laid myself down on the shower floor and gently pulled her on top of me...she spread her legs and straddled my body...her breath deep and hot against my neck. 

I wrapped her with my arms and caressed her back and softly rubbed the back of her quivering thighs...she spoke breathlessly against my neck...

"Oh...oh my...Sunny...I love you sooooooo much..."

"I love YOU, my precious Blue...forever and ever until the end of time and beyond."

Her breath was still on my neck... "Gee...that's a long time!"

"I know! It's forever and stuff!"

I'll write again as soon as possible.

Thank-you for reading!

My love to all,

Sunny

© 2016 Sunny Johansen