 All characters in this story are entirely fictional and a product of my imagination. 

Warning: This is my first attempt at writing erotica so please bear with me. It's quite a bit long and the sex doesn't happen until later on in the story so if you're looking for a quick read, this is so not for you. If you like it, drop me a comment! Also, huge thanks to my editor Lucifer013 for all the help!

-VW  

*****

There it was, finally finished. My arms full with the last few boxes from the car and with a dramatic thud they dropped down onto the living room floor. After two consecutive, not to mention long days of lugging around heavy ass boxes and rearranging furniture, I was beyond tired of moving. Looking around at the small space I now called home got me thinking about how I had gotten here.

After graduating high school, I'd started working as an assistant for a famous photographer as a way to pay my way through college. But in all actuality, I ended up finding my true passion and falling in love with photography. Ironically at the beginning of my career, one of the draws of working in freelance had been being able to pick up and leave whenever and wherever my next assignment needed me to. But my feelings had changed recently. Maybe I was maturing or perhaps I was just ready to finally settle down. My mama and Tía Carmen would be so proud and relieved to hear so considering the fact that they both constantly worried that I would never settle down and have a family of my own. 

Hopefully this move to the small town of Sleepy Hills, would be beneficial for both my career and present state of mind though it would take some time to get used to.

I was accustomed to the gritty and unforgiving streets of New York City. The saying 'If you can make it here, you can make it anywhere' was so true. I was born in The Boogie Down Bronx but had lived most of my life in Flushing, Queens in a small two bedroom apartment with my mama after she divorced my father.

Picking up my iPhone, I dialed my best friend; Mason who'd made me promise to call him the moment I finished moving. He answered on the first ring and it felt so damn good to hear his deep New York accent, "About time ya called, I was about to send out a search party."

Laughing at his joke, I reached into the fridge for a Corona and popped the top off. "I would've called sooner but I just now got everything moved in. The cable people are coming by tomorrow to hook up my cable and internet."

"So what's the verdict on the place? Do you like it?" he asked. 

I shrugged and flopped down on my brand new sofa, fatigue finally beginning to set in. "It's a little different compared to what I'm used to but the people seem friendly enough. How's Tori doing?"

"The doctor put her on bed rest for the rest of the pregnancy so she's just been takin' it east." He paused and I heard her voice in the background say something to him. "She told me to tell ya hi, and to take care of yaself."

"Tell her that I said hi back and that I miss you guys," I told him taking a sip of my beer. "I've only been here a couple days and I'm already homesick. Tell me again that I made the right decision."

"You made the right decision, just give it time. You are comin' back here in time for the baby's birth, right?" Mason questioned. "Tori's terrified that I'm gonna end up passin' out so she wants you in the delivery room with us just in case."

"I'll be there," I promised him. "I wouldn't miss my Godson's birth for the world."

"Good. Has anything or anyone interestin' caught ya eye yet?"

"I haven't even been rested long enough to look," I admitted with a yawn. "I still haven't been sleeping through the night. And when I do finally fall asleep, the nightmares won't stop coming."

His voice was gentle, "That's because you stopped takin' ya meds, and the doc said that would happen if you stopped takin 'em. Why do you have to be so damn hardheaded?" 

I rolled my eyes even though I knew he was telling the truth. "I told you, they make me feel like a fucking zombie. I'll choose insomnia over that bullshit any night."

"Just be careful and take care of yaself," he softened his voice. "I know how stubborn ya are so don't be afraid to call us if you need anything. Ya not in this alone."

"Don't worry. I'll call you with an update in a few days; let ya know how everything's going."

"Alright, I'll talk to ya soon. Take care."

**

The next morning after another long and sleepless night, I threw on my running gear and went for a run in the park that was near my apartment complex. I hated running with a passion but through the years, I've learned that it's a great way to help me stay in shape both mentally and physically. I kept telling myself that I was finally over Taya but some things were much easier said than done, especially when it came to matters of the heart. 

Shortly before moving here, I'd officially broken up with her again after she'd cheated (yet again). Catching her banging her next door neighbor had been the final straw for me and I'd finally called it quits with her manipulative, cheating ass. She had still been trying to get in touch with me but all of her calls had been forwarded to voicemail and her texts went unanswered. I had nothing else to say to her and what I did have to say to her would've made My Abuela(Grandma)wash my mouth out with soap.

I had momentarily stopped running to switch to my old school rap playlist on my iPod when I first saw her enter the park through the front gates. It was an eerie feeling, but deep down, something in my bones told me that this woman would be the one to change my life forever. I picked up a discarded newspaper from a picnic table nearby and pretended to read it. But in truth, I was observing her. She was laughing and pushing a stroller as two small children, a boy and girl walked right beside her. The taller one, a boy was attempting to walk their unruly Labrador who was having none of it and kept pulling away defiantly.

Man, was she beautiful. Long black hair cascaded down her back, and her slightly rounded hips swayed gently as she walked along side both children. I was so caught up in watching her that I walked directly into this elderly black man who was walking in the opposite direction of me and talking on his cell phone. I attempted to apologize but he shot me a dirty look and muttered something about 'stupid tourists' to the person at the other end of his phone call.

Smooth, Natalie. Real smooth. Way to not draw attention to yourself. . .

I casually scanned my paper again and watched as she stopped at a bench to tie the little boys' shoes. The dog, I'm guessing, sensed this as the perfect time to make his daring escape and broke away from them. He darted right past me as the boy and girl helplessly called after him to come back.

So me being the Good Samaritan that I am, and also hoping to make a good impression, I took off in that direction and chased after him. He was laying underneath an oak tree a few feet away from a hot dog stand when I finally located him. I took my ear buds out and approached him slowly and quietly, not wanting to spook him into running off again. "Hey buddy, is it okay if I pat you?"

He cocked his head at me before lying down on his back so that I could rub his belly. I chuckled and rubbed his belly as he kicked his feet enthusiastically and licked my arm. "It's nice to meet you too."

I turned at the sound of footsteps quickly approaching as the boy and girl raced over to us. "You found him! You're pretty fast for a girl," the little boy said to me.

That statement made me genuinely smile for the first time in a long time. "Well thank you. What's your dog's name?"

The smaller child, a girl answered. "His name is Beast."

"That's a very cool name. I'm Natalie by the way." I held out my hand for her to shake.

She shook it and said, "I'm Sophie and this is-" she paused when the boy elbowed her quickly in the side.

He shot her a look before looking back at me, "Mom says that we're not supposed to tell stuff like that to strangers."

I smiled again. Very smart kid. "That's very good advice. Your mom sounds like a very smart woman."

As if on cue, the young woman who was pushing the stroller with the other small child in it hurried over to us clearly exasperated. While she appeared beautiful from a distance, she was far more stunning up close and I felt my heart do a mini somersault when she apologetically glanced over at me. And while it was pretty common knowledge that telling a woman that she had beautiful eyes was one of the oldest tricks in the book, this woman standing before me had a pair of the most beautiful eyes that I'd ever been fortunate to lay eyes on. While they first appeared blue, upon closer inspection, they were slightly tinted with grey and were truly in a league of their own. I licked my lips nervously and quickly looked away hoping that she didn't notice me ogling her. . 

She bent down to the kids' level and admonished them, "Guys, I told you not to run off like that. There's way too many people here today to be running off on your own."

"But mom, we had to find Beast," the boy argued. "What if he got lost? How would he find his way home?"

"You say that like it would be a bad thing," his mom muttered under her breath.

The little girl pointed to a small group of children by the jungle gym. "Mom, that's my friend Jada from school. Can we go play on the jungle gym with her?"

"Only if you stay where I can see you." She put the dog's collar back on him and reattached him to his leash. "But leave Beast here with me." From the abrupt drop of his head, poor thing knew he was in deep trouble. She watched the two of them run off to join the other kids before turning to me, "Thanks for chasing after him. I don't know what possessed me to bring those two kids, the baby and Beast, all to the park by myself," she admitted with a shake of her head. "This big guy here is a handful all on his own."

I smiled. "It was probably this beautiful weather. Judging from everyone here, I think we all kinda had the same idea." 

"You know, I might have to agree there with you. It seems like we aren't the only ones who decided to take advantage of this beautiful day," she cocked her head to the side. "Are you new here? I've never seen you around before and we come to this park all the time."

"I actually just moved into town a few days ago," I confirmed. "I live about a block away from here over on Magnolia Street."

"Nice to meet you then, I'm Vanessa," she held out her hand for me to shake.

I shook her hand silently marveling at the softness of it and introduced myself right back, "Natalie. Pleasure to meet you."

"The two little monsters that were just here are Cameron and Sophie," she pointed to the other baby in the stroller. "And this little one here is Joanna."

"They're adorable," I told her sincerely. "How old are they?"

"Cam is the oldest of the pack, he just turned six. Sophie is four and JoJo just had her first birthday this past September. Do you have any?"

"Oh no," I answered quickly, possibly too quickly because she looked at me with an odd expression. "With the kind of work that I'm in, it kinda makes it hard to raise children at the moment," I explained in a rush.

"So you're a career woman?" she remarked. "What do you do if you don't mind me asking?"

"I'm a freelance photographer." 

Those beautiful eyes of hers lit up once more, "Wow, that's pretty cool. What do you shoot mostly?"

"I do a lot of still life, street photography, portraits, and a little fashion here and there. Pretty much whatever my clients are willing to pay for."

"What a coincidence, my husband and I were thinking about having some family pictures taken. You wouldn't happen to have a business card with you, would you?"

"Today must be my lucky day then," I pulled out one of my business cards that I kept in my wallet and handed it to her. Her soft fingertips lightly grazed my own as I handed it over and I immediately felt this light fluttery feeling deep down in my lower stomach. I smiled nervously, hoping that she wouldn't notice how my voice had gotten deeper. I licked my lips nervously again, "I could bring my portfolio by your house one day and you could go through it and see if there's anything you like?" came my subtle suggestion. 

"Uh sure . . .yes," she cleared her voice before tucking it in her back pocket. "That sounds good to me, I'll go home tonight and talk to my husband and we'll set up a meeting sometime this week."

I hoped my smile didn't look as goofy to her as it felt to me. "Great, I can't wait." 

"I hope I'm not being too nosey when I ask this but what made you decide to move here?" she asked. 

My answer was completely honest. "I just really wanted, or rather needed a fresh start. And it seemed like the perfect place."

"It's a pretty nice town, very quiet. I was born and raised here," Vanessa added.

"Yeah it's a definite change compared to where I grew up."

"Let me take a wild guess, New York?"

I chuckled. "How'd you know? Oh. It's the accent, right? Gives me away every time."

She also laughed, "Yeah it's a sure giveaway. What part are you from?"

"Queens. Have you ever been there?" 

She shook her head, "Can't say that I have. We've been to Manhattan several times for my husband's job but that's it. I've never really gotten the chance to actually take time out and explore the city."

"So your husband has business up there? What does he do?"

She opened her mouth to answer me but her kids came running over and interrupted us. The little boy impatiently tugged on her arm, "Momma, can you come push us on the swing?"

"Sure, I'll be right over as soon as I'm done talking to our new friend."

"It's okay," I glanced down at my watch and stood up. "I should get back to my run and let you guys get back to what you were doing. It was very nice meeting you all."

"You too," she told me rising to her feet. "I hope you end up liking it here."

"Something tells me that I'm gonna love it here."

**

A few days later while I was out at the grocery store, I received a call from a number that I didn't recognize. It was Vanessa who asked me to come by that next day with my portfolio. Her husband had agreed to meet with me and look at some of my work. We settled on a time and she gave me her address along with directions to get there.

After a solid hour and a half of agonizing over what and what not to wear, I finally gathered up my things and headed over to their house.

The drive in all actuality was short but it seemed like it took an eternity for me to get there. I pulled up in front of a large, two-story, brick ranch style home and parked behind the black Cadillac Escalade and grey Mercedes Benz that were already parked out front. Yeah, these people definitely had money and then some. I glanced down at my outfit which consisted of dark skinny jeans, black heels, and a black jacket with a matching white V-neck t-shirt underneath it. Hopefully I didn't come across as too relaxed or casual for our meeting. Meeting with a potential client was essentially a job interview, I had to make the right impression. I finger combed my naturally curly mane and reapplied my lip gloss. With one final check of my appearance, I grabbed my portfolio and climbed out.

On the drive over, I tried to repeatedly convince myself that it was the prospect of actually landing my first gig in a new town that had gotten me so nervous, and not the prospect of seeing this woman again. But that was an epic fail. 

Fuck, it'd been so long since a woman had last gotten me this nervous and flustered. I really needed to get laid and soon I thought as I rang the doorbell. 

Vanessa answered the door while Beast and another identical Labrador waited anxiously behind her. The blue jeans and red NY Giants t-shirt that she wore were so simple, but looked downright sexy on her curvy frame. She graced me with another one of her beautiful smiles as she stood back to allow me room to walk in. "Please come in, welcome to our home."

I walked inside the foyer and took a quick look around at the interior of the house, "Wow, your house is just as beautiful on the inside as it is on the outside."

"You really think so?" she asked closing the door behind us. "I actually did all the decorating myself. Can I get you anything to drink? Water, tea, glass of wine?"

"A glass of wine would be perfect," I bent down to pet Beast and the other dog. "What's your other dog's name?"

"Her name is Beauty. We rescued them both from a puppy mill when Cam was just a baby," she explained.

"And here I was thinking that I was the only one who named my pets after Disney characters. My mom bought me a pet mouse for my tenth birthday and I named him Mickey."

Vanessa giggled, "Seriously?"

"Very," I confirmed. "I tried to talk her into buying me another one for Christmas so that I could name her Minnie and then they could raise a little mouse family but she decided that one was more than enough."

"Do you know what made your mom get you a pet mouse? Most kids at that age want dogs, and cats or goldfish."

"I was very heavily in love with Disney as a kid. Back then, I had a very overactive imagination."

She smiled, "If Sophie comes home while you're still here, be sure to mention that to her. She's a huge Disney Princess fan. We've watched Frozen so much that I can damn near recite every scene word for word."

"Frozen is a classic, I'll have you know. Where is your brood by the way?" I asked following her into the kitchen.

"Cam woke up with a fever this morning so I kept him and JoJo home with me. And Sophie should be getting out of preschool in a little bit." She pulled out a bottle of red wine from the wine rack. "Is this okay? It's all I have at the moment."

"Whatever you have is fine," I tried not to stare at her ass as she reached up into the cabinet to get out the wine glasses but it was a lost cause. Seeing those tight jeans stretch across her ass made me want to bend her over the kitchen counter and fuck her until we both collapsed sweaty and exhausted on the kitchen floor. I quickly took a seat at the kitchen table and opened up my portfolio once she brought me my glass and sat down beside me. 

Ugh, why did she have to smell so good? Or look so tempting? 

Shit, I mentally reminded myself that she might end up actually hiring me to take her pictures and that I needed to keep things professional. Which meant keeping my hands and eyes to myself. She was also very married and getting involved with a married woman was a big no-no for me. I cleared my throat, "Should I go ahead and start or wait for your husband to join us?"

"Jay actually got called into work for a work emergency so it'll just be us girls for now," she explained. "I already have a general idea of how I want it to be."

"Okay go right ahead and lay it on me." If she only knew how serious I was about her laying it on me. . .

She continued, "I was thinking something along the lines of a family portrait. Jay and I by ourselves, the kids together and some of them by themselves. I was also thinking that we could all wear matching white shirts and blue jeans or something along those lines."

I opened up my portfolio and flipped to a page, "Kinda like this?" I asked and pointed to one of the recent shoots I'd done for another family. 

She unfortunately scooted over closer to view the pictures and I caught a tiny whiff of her hair. With her head bent down looking at my portfolio, I briefly closed my eyes and for the briefest moment, inhaled the scent of her hair. She was so close that I could reach out and run my fingers through it if I wanted to. As bad as I tried to not let my mind go there, I briefly wondered if she was one of those women who preferred to have it pulled during sex. . .
