 I deeply apologize for the wait. I started a new job and I honestly really suck at meeting deadlines... but this is the third part to my series, "Blurred Lines". I tried something a little different with this chapter and decided to tell the story from both of their perspectives so I hope you guys enjoy it. Major thanks to Dru_Druthers for editing this story. Also, thanks to everyone who contributed in any way and helped me out with this chapter. And as always, feel free to drop me a line. 

-VW 

**

Vanessa's perspective:

Getting the kids up and ready for school was always so much easier said than done. Cameron; who normally ate everything that was put in front of him, rejected the waffles that I made for breakfast and instead insisted on chocolate chip pancakes. And Sophie flat out refused to leave the house without her lucky hair ribbon. 

On any other morning, I would've pulled rank and overruled their requests but after the previous night, I had very little desire left in me to fight with anyone especially two toddlers. Finding out the truth about Natalie and C.C. had really done a number on me and all I'd done last night was toss and turn. It wasn't until early this morning when I finally did drift off to sleep, and once I did, it was Natalie's face that was in my head. 

Because as angry as I was with her, I was much angrier at myself. Angry that I allowed myself and my heart to fall under her spell. But beneath all that anger and frustration, I was extremely hurt and humiliated. 

"Can we go to the lake this weekend?" Cam asked snapping me out of my thoughts. 

"I'll have to talk to daddy and see if he's free but if not we can camp out in the tent in the backyard," I explained as I turned towards the road that led to their school. "You guys love sleeping in the tent."

"Can we still roast marshmallows and make s'mores?" he asked. 

"Of course. It wouldn't be camping without s'mores."

Sophie quickly chimed in, "Can Natalie come too?"

I willed my heart not to jump at the sound of her name. "Natalie's probably working this weekend, sweetheart."

"Maybe if you ask her really nicely, she'll say yes."

Cam added, "And make sure you tell her about the s'mores."

"I'll ask her but she probably already has plans," I cautioned as I pulled up in front of their school and parked behind the other parents who were also dropping their kids off. "It'll be okay if it's just us and the dogs." 

"No it won't," he argued stubbornly. "Natalie's fun."

My daughter nodded eagerly. "And she's nice."

I sighed and unbuckled my seatbelt, knowing that they were both telling the truth. "You're right. She is fun and she's very nice, but she also has a very important job so she might be busy this weekend. But I'll still ask her anyways if that's what you all want."

"You can do it, Mom. Don't take no for an answer," Cam advised as they both climbed out of the SUV so that I could walk them up the steps. 

"You guys have a good day at school and I'll see you when you get home. Daddy's picking you up today."

Sophie looked back towards the SUV, "Can I stay with you?"

"What's wrong, sweetie? Don't you want to see your friends and your teacher?"

She shook her head quickly, "No, I just wanna stay with you. Please don't leave."

I bent down and gave her a tight hug, "Tell you what. How about I pick you all up instead? We can go to the ice cream place and I'll let you and Cam get the biggest ice cream cone that they have."

Her little eyes brightened, "Really? Can I get sprinkles and chocolate syrup on it?"

"Oh yeah, you can get whatever you want. But you both have to be really good today."

"Okay," she agreed and finally let go of my hand. "Love you, Momma."

"I love you both and I'll see you in a couple of hours," I promised and gave them each an additional hug and a kiss before releasing them so that they could join the rest of their classmates. 

On the drive back home, I seriously thought about calling Natalie and cursing her out. Without even really thinking about it, I pulled out my phone from my back pocket and dialed her number but just as quickly as I hit the call button, I hung up. I also considered showing up at her apartment unannounced to demand an apology. But I knew that I needed to preserve what little dignity I had left. 

She'd made it abundantly clear last night that she wanted C.C. and I had to accept it whether I wanted to or not. Our affair, fling, or whatever you wanted to call it was now over and I needed to focus on what was important and that meant concentrating solely on my family. Hopefully this weekend away would be exactly what Jay and I needed to get our marriage back on track. It would also give me plenty of time to try to get use to the idea of Natalie and C.C. being together. I tried not to think about it but I couldn't help but wonder if she kissed her the same way she kissed me. If she told her all the same intimate details of her life like she had shared with me. That very thought made my stomach churn and burned like acid. 

Thankfully, by the time I returned home, Jay had already woken up and was sitting at the kitchen table feeding JoJo breakfast. "Hey babe. I heard you come in from the hospital last night, was Natalie okay?" he asked as he looked up from the table. 

"She was fine," I admitted and gave him a quick kiss on the cheek. "I would've been home sooner but I stayed to talk to her for a while before I came home." That wasn't even anywhere close to what had happened but I couldn't tell him the truth. 

"That's good to hear," he remarked. "It's a miracle that neither of them were seriously hurt."

"The two of them are kind of a thing now," I admitted as I turned away to pour myself a cup of fresh, hot coffee. "They were on a date last night when the shooting happened."

"That really doesn't surprise me," my husband replied as he carried our daughter into the living room so that she could watch tv. "They couldn't keep their hands off each other when we were out on Vic's boat. It was only a matter of time before they made it official."

I shrugged. "I know, I just don't want to see either one of them get hurt."

He came up behind me and wrapped his arms around my midsection, "I know you're concerned because Natalie's your friend, but they're both grownups and they both know what they're getting themselves into. Would it ease you mind if the four of us went out on a double date this weekend? We could go see a movie or go to the theatre. That way you could keep a close eye on them."

"That's sweet of you to offer," I replied. "But your son actually had a better idea. Why don't we go camping this weekend?"

"Camping, huh?" he responded before kissing me on my cheek. "We haven't done that in years, but I'm up to it if you are."

"Only if you promise to stay off your phone and actually participate."

My husband cringed. "I was really hoping that you forgot all about that. How about this? If we go camping this weekend, I'll turn my phone off and leave my laptop and tablet at home in the drawer. You and the kids will have my full, undivided attention."

"That could very well be the hottest thing you've ever said to me," I joked as he released me. "Don't you need to go get ready for work or are you playing hooky today?"

He playfully smacked my ass, "I took a personal day. I feel fine but I just don't feel like being at the office right now."

"You haven't said a lot since Jarred died. Do you wanna talk about it?"

"Not really. It's still too fresh."

"Well whenever you're ready to talk, I'm ready to listen."

He reached out and pulled me to him, "I know things have been pretty crazy around here lately with work and Jarred's death, but I want you to know that I love you. And I appreciate you. I really don't know how I would've gotten through any of this without you and the kids."

I wrapped my arms around his neck and stroked his close cut hair, "You would do the same for me if our roles were reversed. Besides, I owe you an apology for my behavior. I know that I might've seemed a little distant and preoccupied lately but just know that I love you and that I'm completely committed to our family."

"Babe, you don't need to apologize for anything. We've both been under a lot of stress lately, that's all. Maybe this weekend, we'll find some grown up alone time to relieve some of that stress."

"Oh really?" I questioned with a slight grin. "What exactly did you have in mind Mr. Westbrook?"

"Something like this," he stated as he gently pressed a soft kiss to the side of my neck. "And this," he continued as he brushed his lips over mine before pressing his lips against mine for a kiss. I knew it was wrong of me but I still couldn't help but to compare his kisses to Natalie's. It's amazing the things that you notice after having never noticed them previously before. Whereas my husband's lips were a bit rougher, hers were softer and fuller. His also weren't as urging and demanding as hers had been. Whenever she and I had kissed, she'd almost always been the one to be in charge and in control of the tempo at which we went at it. 

I desperately tried to concentrate on the man in front of me but all I could think about was how those lips now belonged to someone else. And even though, I felt my husband's growing erection timidly press against my tummy, it wasn't his hardening cock that had me swept up in my own erotic thoughts. 

Somewhere in the back of my mind I remembered how it'd felt the first night that we'd been together. My body reacted on its own accord and I squeezed my thighs together as I recalled how she'd spanked and fingered me before eating me out against the wall. Her only focus had been on making me orgasm. And even though my husband continued to kiss and suck on my neck which was normally an erogenous zone for me, it was the thought of the tall, darker skinned, Puerto Rican woman that had blood rushing to my pussy. 

They were probably having sex right now. She was probably doing all the things to C.C. that she'd done to me. .

In an almost trancelike state, I reached into my husband's boxers and fondled his hardening, medium length cock. He briefly broke our kiss and exhaled my name before eagerly thrusting it into my right hand. I really didn't want to do it but I knew what he wanted and needed and I felt like it was the least I could give him after betraying him with Natalie. So I kneeled down on the floor and massaged the smooth, head of his now fully erect cock. He groaned and leaned back against the counter and propped himself on his elbows to watch me play with his dick. "Baby," he pleaded in a soft, but desperate voice. 

I wrapped my hands around his member and tugged on it back and forth in a firm grip. The pre-cum oozed out from the mushroom shaped head and I couldn't resist licking it. His taste was the same as usual but for some unbeknownst reason this time, he tasted foreign and different to me. I felt his hands on the back of my neck urging me to take him inside and I obliged and at last, finally took him into my mouth. 

The moment I felt his dick in my mouth, I instantly regretted it. This wasn't what I wanted. He wasn't what I wanted, but I couldn't go back now so I bobbed my head back and forth on it, sucking as hard as I could. 

He quietly moaned my name in encouragement as I completely removed his cock from my mouth before taking it back inside once again. His large hands fisted in my hair as he urged me to take his cock deeper. And while he wasn't huge by any means, he was thick and I couldn't take the whole thing in my mouth at one time without gagging. So I pulled him back out again with a soft 'plop' and swirled my tongue around his shaft and licked the entire length of it before sucking it in my mouth again. 

He warned me, "I'm almost there, babe." 

I tried to prevent it from happening but it happened before I knew it, I saw her. In my mind I saw Natalie kneeling in front of C.C and eating her pussy in the exact same manner that she ate mine. I knew it was awful and made me sound like a horrible spouse but that was all the motivation I needed to give my husband the best blowjob of his entire life. While his engorged cock continued to slide in and out of my mouth, I used my hand to fondle and lightly caress his balls until it jerked once, then twice in my grip. 

My husband sputtered off a few unintelligible words and his seed instantly spilled over into my hands and mouth before going limp. "That was amazing," he remarked as he pulled his shorts back up and recovered. 

I stood up and went to the sink to wash all traces of his semen off my hands, "I'm glad you enjoyed it."

"It was much needed," he whispered as he came up behind me and pressed himself against me. "How about we get in a quickie before you leave? Or if you want, I could return the favor and do to you what you just did to me."

I nervously giggled to conceal my apprehension. I couldn't have sex with Jay so soon after I'd been with Natalie. Oral sex was one thing but penetrative sex was another. What if I ended up calling out her name during our love making? There would be no legit way to explain that and it would open a full can of worms that I just wasn't prepared to open up. "Are you sure that's a good idea?" I asked desperately grasping at straws. "Aren't you still a little sore from your accident?"

"My wrist hurts a little but everything else is in working condition if you couldn't tell already," he replied and suggestively rubbed his crotch against me. 

"But JoJo-,"

"She's busy watching tv," he answered and gently tugged on my hands. "She'll be preoccupied for at least another half hour so that gives us plenty of time."

The house phone started ringing and I quickly reached over the counter to grab it, welcoming the interruption. I recognized the number on the caller ID and handed it to my husband, "It's your boss."

"I'll call him later on," he replied. "He's probably just calling to make sure that I'm okay since I called in this morning."

"Or you could just answer it right now, it could be about work," I suggested. "Besides, I need to go run a few errands before the kids get out of school."

He scowled. "You just love teasing me, don't you?"

"Watch it, buddy," I jokingly cautioned as I gave him a quick kiss and grabbed my keys from the counter. "Quit being a puss and answer the damn phone. I'll see you when I get back."

**

"Make sure you let it completely scan her hard drive," Rico instructed as he handed me the earpiece and flash drive. "I've tweaked my program so as soon as you finish the scan on her hard drive, I'll be able to completely access her desktop from my laptop."

"We've been through this twice already," I replied as I slipped the earpiece inconspicuously behind my left ear, "In case you boys forgot, this was my idea. I'm the one who stole the key to her office, remember?"

"I'm just making sure you know what the plan is," Rico insisted. "Are you sure she won't be in her office?"

I nodded and rearranged my hair so that my earpiece would be covered. "Mason called her office while you were in the shower and her assistant said that she would be in non-stop meetings until noon."

"What about Vanessa's husband? What if he sees you?"

"I'll just let him think that I stopped by for another friendly visit. Don't worry, I got this."

Mason also slipped in his earpiece. "As soon as you give me the signal, I'll run interference if need be. But how are we going to get through security?"

"I still have my visitors pass from the other day so I should be fine. But you'll have to come up with an excuse to get in. Just tell the guard that you're new and you forgot your keycard at home."

He frowned. "And if that don't work? What if he tells me to go fuck off?"

"Then you go fuck off. And let me handle this."

My best friend smirked and stroked his goatee. "You know, I liked you a lot better before you started bangin' desperate housewives."

"Keep talking and I'll be banging yours next," I shot back before opening the door to his rental car. "You boys sit back and watch me handle this."

As expected, the older security guard didn't blink an eye once I flashed him my visitors badge to gain entrance to the building. He simply patted me down for weapons and held the door open for me to walk inside. And as soon as I made it inside, I quickly found the nearest map and searched for the location of C.C's office. 

Once I found it, I hit the 'talk' button on my earpiece and relayed the information to Mason. "Hey Maze, it turns out that C.C's office is right down the hall from Jason's. So I will have to go by his office, can you keep the secretary busy for me?"

"Third floor, right?" 

"Yeah," I confirmed. "I'm getting on the elevator now so wait a few minutes before you come inside."

"You know that's the first time I've ever had a woman tell me that. And ironically, it's comin' from a lesbian."

"God, I feel so sorry for you wife. She deserves Sainthood for putting up with you."

I heard his deep chuckle over the radio. "C'mon Torres, you know you love me."

"Unfortunately I do," I admitted as my elevator stopped at the third floor. I got off and quickly approached Jay's secretary, "Hello, I'm not sure if you remember me but I was just here the other day and I left my phone in Jason's office. I was wondering if it was okay if I could run in real quick and grab it?"

His receptionist smiled, "Of course I remember you. Unfortunately, Mr. Westbrook isn't in at the moment."

"Is he alright? I heard about his car accident."

"He's fine," she replied. "According to Mr. Campos, Jason took the day off to spend it with his family."

"By any chance, do you know what happened or what caused his car accident?"

"I think I overheard one of the employees say that his brakes went out. It's such a shame because they just got that car several months ago. Mr. Campos bought it for them."

I frowned. "Victor gave them a Mercedes?"

The secretary nodded. "Victor Campos is a very generous man and a fantastic boss." 

"He definitely sounds like he's quite the character. Do you mind if I borrow your notepad and pen? I'd like to leave my contact information so that Jason can get ahold of me when he returns."

She handed them both over to me and proceeded to answer her telephone that was ringing.

"Mason, you're up. The secretary's name is Janet," I mumbled into my hidden earpiece, as I pretended to scribble something on the notepad while she wrote down a message for her boss. I waited until she ended her call to ask my next question, "Before I leave, do you know if Cecilia Campos is in her office? We're old friends and I was hoping to stop in and say hi to her."

Jay's secretary looked down at her notes, "I haven't seen her this morning. But if you give me a second, I can call her assistant to see if she's in?"

"I would really appreciate it. I'm going out of town pretty soon and I was hoping to see her before I left."

She picked up the phone and called the woman in question. It rang for a while before she eventually hung up the receiver. "She's not answering either. They're both probably in a meeting."

"That's okay, thanks for trying," I replied and caught Mason's eye as he stepped off the elevator. 

He quickly made his way over and leaned across the desk, "Mornin' ladies."

The secretary smiled broadly, "Good morning. How may I help you?"

"Janet, right? Jason's secretary?"

The woman blushed, "Yes, but how do you know my name?"

He gave her one of his trademark smiles, "I'm Adam, first floor, tech support. Ya prob'ly never noticed me before."

"No I haven't. Are you new here?" she asked.

"I was picked up last week and I'm still learnin' the ropes," he replied. "I saw ya in the breakroom the other day and I been meanin' to say hello to ya ever since."
