 Disclaimer: This is a work of fiction concocted entirely within my imagination. Any resemblance to real people shouldn't be surprising since most of my stories are based on people I know. While I hope you enjoy this story and are compelled to provide feedback, I don't expect the subject matter will appeal to everyone who reads it. As such, I discourage venomous, nasty feedback full of violent wishes against essentially fictional characters in fictional situations. If this story does not appeal to you, there is undoubtedly one somewhere on Literotica that will, so your energy will be better spent on finding it rather than on vilifying me. Your opinions are welcome but your attacks are not.

Note: If you haven't already, read Chapters 01 - 10 of Boarding with Linda, which are prequels to this story. 

*

When I started seeing Linda naked on a regular basis without having to look through the two-way mirror, the effort that had gone into setting up the two-way mirror and the "viewport" through it seemed like it may have been wasted. I definitely made the most of it between the time I got it set up and when Linda and I started having sex together regularly but then it seemed unnecessary, at least for a while. Since she was perfectly willing to get naked for me and I assumed that, since we were having regular sex, she was no longer masturbating in front of the mirror, I didn't expect there was really anything worth standing on the stairs peeking into her bedroom to watch. After a while, though, I started to rethink that.

I had a number of videos I'd recorded of Linda with my digital camera that I would still look through on occasion. One day as I was sitting on my couch doing just that on my laptop, I started to think that, at some point in the future, it was likely that I would no longer be seeing Linda naked or having sex with her. Although a sad proposition, it was definitely not unrealistic. It got me thinking that, while I had the opportunity, I should be recording Linda naked every chance I got and, perhaps, even recording the two of us when we were going at it in her bedroom. I also thought about how nice it would have been to have captured the times we'd had Kate join us and, the way things were going, it seemed like we might be able to get Irene in a similar situation. I definitely wanted a record of that but, glancing around my own living space, I started to consider how many encounters I'd had since moving in that would ultimately end up only being memories. I wondered about setting up a way to record my experiences with my female guests that wouldn't be clumsy like a hidden digital camera.

Starting with research, as I had with the two-way mirror, I found out as much as I could about cameras that would be easy to hide but would record high-resolution videos as well as systems to record and store the videos and capable of supporting more than one camera. I eventually purchased three cameras and the equipment to easily switch between them and record not just video but sound as well. Setting it all up down in my room was easy and I installed one camera looking down along my bed from just over the headboard and one that would capture any action on the couch. The positioning was based on all of the experiences I'd had down there up to that point and promised to capture many things worth documenting. The third camera required more effort to get it and the microphone installed so that it would pick up Linda's bedroom through the two-way mirror. When I found myself with some time alone in the house, rather than inviting someone over for some naked playtime, I got the camera all set up and tested. Again, I was very pleased with the results.

From that point forward, whenever Linda let me know that she was going to take a shower, all I had to do was turn the system on, select the camera pointed into her room and hit record then remember to shut if off when she was done. If I knew we'd be spending time together in her bedroom, I'd do the same. Likewise if I had company in my room, I could have it set ahead of time then just hit record when my guest arrived. I could even switch cameras from the couch to the bed when the activity moved from one to the other. Then, when I had the time, I'd connect my laptop to the system, copy over the video files that had been recorded, edit out the unnecessary parts and save them to an external drive. It didn't take long before I had quite a collection of videos featuring a variety of women, including Linda, Kate, Irene, Khadija, Tara, Shelly, Cathe, Lyn and Joy.

Although I never recorded any video of Linda with Jim for a number of reasons, not the least of which was that I typically wasn't around when he was, I did catch an amazing event involving her with somebody other than me. It happened on a day that Khadija had brought her daughter over to play with Ashley and ended up sticking around to hang out with Linda. I was out that morning but arrived later, at what ended up being an opportune time for both them and me. Linda told me all about it later though I did see quite a bit of it for myself.

As the girls were playing, Linda and Khadija were in the kitchen just chatting and drinking coffee. Khadija was not aware of the true nature of Linda's and my relationship but Linda was well aware that Khadija and I were involved sexually. Linda confessed to me that she was curious to hear Khadija's side of what I'd already shared with her about the times we'd spent together so she broached the subject and Khadija ended up not being shy about sharing details. She also asked if Linda was involved with anyone so Linda just shared some information about Jim and how they typically spent their time together. Linda wasn't sure if Khadija was getting as worked up by the conversation as she was until she made a comment about it.

"Talking about the things we've been doing," she said, "makes me wish he was here. I've got an itch that he's particularly good at scratching."

"I know exactly what you mean," Linda replied, implying that she was referring to Jim but actually talking about me, as well. She was wearing a sundress and didn't realize that she'd hiked it up and was caressing her inner thighs as they'd been talking.

"If I wasn't afraid the girls would walk in on us," Khadija whispered, "I'd push that hem all the way up and scratch your itch for you."

"God," Linda replied, breathlessly, "I'd yank off your shorts and do the same. Maybe if we're careful, we can help each other out a little, anyway."

They scooted their chairs closer together and positioned themselves so that, if they were interrupted, what they were doing wouldn't be apparent. Khadija slipped her hand up under Linda's dress and caressed the front of her panties while Linda's hand went up inside the leg of Khadija's shorts and did the same. With a little more position adjustment, they then each slipped their fingers into the other's panties and started caressing each other's clits. The room was silent except for their rapid breathing as their practiced fingers each brought the other closer to relief. They were blessed by a lack of interruptions and were each quickly on the verge of cumming. They both gasped softly when they reached that point and trembled as the skilled fingers continued working on their clits. When they'd both finished cumming, each extracted her fingers and tasted the juices on them.

"I really want to eat your pussy now," Linda whispered.

"And I've got to get my hands on your titties," Khadija replied, "though I'm sure you've never heard that before."

As it turned out, I showed up not too long after that and, though Khadija may have initially wanted me to scratch her itch, by the time I got there to do it, she had changed her mind and wanted it to be Linda.

"I'm glad you're here," Linda said as I joined them in the kitchen, "Khadija and I need a bit of private time. Would you mind keeping an eye on the girls?"

"Just give me one sec," I said, knowing immediately what was going on and not wanting to miss it. I dashed downstairs and got the camera pointed into Linda's bedroom recording then headed back upstairs. Linda told me all about it later but I was also able to review the video and verify everything she told me. As I went in to check in with the girls, Linda and Khadija went into Linda's bedroom and locked the door behind them. Khadija had never been in there before and, like most people, loved the mirror just inside the door. As she was admiring it, Linda stepped up behind her and slipped her hands up under Khadija's shirt, caressing her hard nipples through her bra. Khadija moaned and reached back, her hand finding Linda's crotch and rubbing it through her sundress and panties. After a moment, Linda raised Khadija's shirt up over her head then unfastened her bra. Her hands were back on Khadija's tits as her bra slid down her arms and hit the floor.

Khadija was watching Linda's hands in the mirror while apparently savoring the feel of her nipples being stimulated. Linda's hands soon dropped to Khadija's shorts and unfastened them so that they dropped to her ankles and she stood before the mirror in only her panties, which stood out against her dark skin. Linda briefly caressed the front of them before starting to slide them down, squatting down behind Khadija as her trim, dark bush was revealed. As Khadija was stepping out of her panties, Linda's hands were on her ass.

"Spread your legs," Linda said, still squatting behind Khadija. Still looking at their reflection in the mirror, Khadija did as she was asked. Linda turned around and sat, sticking her head between Khadija's legs, then started licking her pussy while squeezing her ass. Khadija immediately started moaning and grabbed Linda's head, humping her pussy toward it as Linda ate her. Aside from Kate, I don't know if Linda had experience with any other girls but Kate had always been satisfied by Linda's tongue so I didn't doubt that Khadija would be, too. Because of where I'd placed the camera and how Linda had her head leaned back, I could see her tongue lapping at Khadija's pussy on the video. When she brought a hand down from Khadija's ass and slipped a couple of fingers into her pussy, only briefly glimpsed that but could still see as Linda was licking and sucking Khadija's clit. Occasionally, Khadija would hold Linda's head as she humped toward it, temporarily obscuring my view, but she had started caressing her tits and nipples as Linda was eating her so mostly I had a nice clear shot.

I'd seen Khadija naked a few times by this point but I was still glad to have a really nice recording of her body. I was also glad that Linda was enjoying it as much as I did. I wasn't sure whether this would lead to a threesome or not but I wasn't too worried about it. Khadija was gasping softly as she was apparently getting closer to cumming, obviously trying not to make any noise that could be heard outside of the bedroom and barely succeeding. When she stopped humping Linda's face and went still right before convulsions appeared to rack her body, it was obvious that she was cumming hard. Linda kept licking and sucking her clit while pumping her fingers in and out until Khadija was apparently finished cumming and moved off of her.

She dropped to her knees beside Linda and kissed her as her hands went to Linda's sumptuous tits. She started to unbutton the front of Linda's sundress and very quickly had her down to just bra and panties. The bra went next as Khadija unfastened it and watched raptly as Linda's tits were revealed. Her hands went right to the soft, bare flesh followed quickly by her lips and tongue as she licked and sucked Linda's hard nipples. She was nudging Linda backwards until she was flat on her back, tits jutting upward, as Khadija loomed over her. Fortunately, they were sideways to the mirror and camera so I had a good view as Khadija enjoyed Linda's tits for a little while before kissing her way down over Linda's ribs and stomach toward her panties. She positioned herself between Linda's spread legs, kissing her abdomen and inner thighs, then started to slide Linda's panties down, revealing her trim, brown bush.

Khadija set Linda's panties aside, briefly stroked her pussy then lowered her face toward it and started to lick her slit. Linda arched her back, holding in a moan and pushing her tits toward the ceiling. This was obviously not the first time Khadija had pleasured another woman orally but I wondered if she'd been experiencing a drought in that arena as she had with men. If so, then I was happy not only to be providing her with my cock but with introducing her to Linda, and thereby Linda's pussy, as well. Linda was clearly enjoying herself as Khadija went from slurping up her flowing juices to slipping a couple of fingers into her slippery pussy while focusing on licking and sucking her clit. Linda was not holding Khadija's head in place and had gone from trying to grip the rug to caressing her own tits, instead.

Since I was so familiar with Linda sexually, I knew that, especially having cum not that long before in the kitchen, it was not going to take very long before she was having her second orgasm. This would not only be a good ego boost for Khadija, as it typically was for me, but would also presumably get them back out to their girls more quickly. Of course, Linda also knew that I would be fine with watching the girls for as long as necessary if it meant more pleasure for the two of them. The microphone I'd installed was sensitive enough to pick up Linda's increased breathing rate as she got closer and closer to cumming. When she gasped and her body started shaking, Khadija continued to lick her clit while pumping her fingers in and out of Linda's pussy. When Linda finally went still and let out a sigh, Khadija slipped her fingers from Linda's pussy into her mouth and sucked off the juices before moving up to lie beside her. She lay on her side with her sweet, black ass aimed right at my camera.

"If I had a cock," Khadija told Linda, "I would so fuck these tits."

"I have a cock," Linda confessed, "Its latex but I'd still like to use it on you next time. We'll just make sure we have the house to ourselves."

"That would be awesome," Khadija replied and they kissed a bit as they recovered. Khadija never stopped fondling Linda's tits which I knew was just going to keep her aroused so I wasn't surprised by Linda's reaction when Khadija started gathering up her clothes.

"Are you in a hurry?" Linda asked.

"Don't you think we should be getting back out there?" Khadija replied.

"One more orgasm first," Linda told her then pushed her onto her back and moved around to straddle her head. She immediately lowered her head and started to lap at Khadija's pussy so Khadija did likewise, raising her head and licking Linda's. She reached down to fondle Linda's dangling breasts as she slurped up her juices while Linda was slipping a couple of fingers back into Khadija's juicy pussy. I was pretty ecstatic that I'd been able to capture this encounter and, with talk of more in the future, I was glad that I had upgraded rather than abandoned the system for spying on Linda. Because she was on top, I could see Linda's tongue at work on Khadija's pussy better than I could see Khadija's at work on Linda's pussy but it was a highly erotic sixty-nine to watch regardless. Apparently it was highly erotic to be involved in, as well, based on how they were moving and the sounds they were making. It was Linda who appeared to cum first as she raised her head slightly to let out a gasp then started visibly shaking. Khadija continued eating her pussy until Linda was apparently done and had gone back to licking and finger-fucking Khadija. It was only moments later when Khadija let out a soft cry and started to cum herself.

When they were both satisfied once again, they disentangled themselves from each other and gathered their clothes, reluctantly pulling them back on. They both used the mirror to confirm that they were presentable once again then left the room. I saw them moments later but didn't find out the details of what I'd just had the good fortune to record until after Khadija and her daughter were gone. I obviously had a good idea of what had happened but it wasn't until after Ashley had been put to bed that Linda gave me a good, detailed recap. This was still before I had a chance to go review the video footage but it was enough to get both of us pretty worked up.

"I totally get what you mean when you tell me how much you enjoy eating pussy," she confessed, "All of my experience is with Kate but being with somebody I don't know as well was so incredibly hot that I wanted to just keep doing it for the rest of the afternoon. I knew you'd understand but I think it would have been tough to convince her that you would have been okay with it."

"We'll have to make sure you two get some more time that's a lot more private," I suggested, unknowingly echoing what she'd said earlier.

"I'll be right back," she said suddenly, "I need to check on Ashley."

I suspected that she just wanted to check that Ashley was sound asleep and that was confirmed when she came back carrying her bra and sundress and stopping to slip out of her panties. As soon as I saw her bouncing tits, I was opening my shorts and pushing them and my underwear down. This wasn't the first time this had happened. As she bent over to push her panties to her ankles and pick them up, I was staring at her swinging tits as my cock became rock hard. She tossed her clothes onto the other end of the couch as I was shedding my shirt then straddled me. She guided my cock toward her pussy and lowered herself onto it while I fondled her succulent tits. Her pussy, not surprisingly, was incredibly hot and wet and she started immediately to ride me hard and fast. I leaned back and ran my hands around to her ass so I could watch her titties bouncing as she moved rapidly up and down on my tool.

I was pushing up into her each time she came down, not only to make her tits bounce even more, but also to try to help her cum even faster. This was another one of those situations where, although it was unlikely, there was the potential of being interrupted. Neither of us wanted to be left hanging so we were okay with getting off quickly, knowing that there would be another opportunity that allowed us to take our time and indulge ourselves. She dropped a hand down to rub her clit as she was riding me, though I'm sure she still would have cum pretty quickly even if she hadn't. I assumed, though, that she would probably have a more intensely pleasurable orgasm despite a quicker build-up by helping herself along.

I wasn't expecting to cum along with her but I knew she'd get me off if she came first. When she dropped onto my lap and sat there with my cock fully embedded inside her, her body trembling, I was happy once again that I'd been able to help her get there. It was one of her typical long and intense orgasms and, when she finally finished cumming, she climbed off of my still throbbing cock.

"You can fuck my tits if you want," she said, "if you promise to finish in my mouth."

"It will be my pleasure," I assured her. She lay on the couch as I got up and moved over to straddle her, laying my cock between her tits. She squeezed them together and I started to slowly fuck them. I picked up the pace once I got a rhythm going, again not wanting to get caught in the act if the little one happened to wake up. The soft, smooth flesh felt so incredible against my stiff cock that I knew I wouldn't need much more time before I was spewing. My attention was on her tits, as it typically was whenever I had the opportunity to observe them. Even after seeing them so frequently since the first time I'd spied on her through her mirror, they had not lost their allure.
