 Bombay was the most important port when India was a crown Colony of England because Ship's coming through the Suez cannel and the Red sea would dock in Bombay then goods going and coming would transfer to and from trains to all parts of India. Today it is still the most important port in Indian for trade with the western world.

My husband is a businessman that travels all over India by train. If he is home at all it is only for a weekend. He is a bulky man that sweats a lot. If he wants sex it is a quick thing that is over in a few minutes of sweating and he is on his back snoring in less time than it took him to cum. He refuses to suck my pussy but want me to drink his cum when he wants sex but is too tired for intercourse.

We live in one of the row apartment near the Gate to India on the beach in Bombay bay and even closer to Victoria Train Station. The only way I can describe the Gate to India is to say it looks a lot like the Arch De Triumph in Paris that is in a strip of land that sticks out into the bay. Victoria Station is an imposing English structure that resembles the House of Lords in London.

We have a flat on the third floor of our apartment building. That is high enough to catch an evening breeze and low enough to walk up too when the elevators break down.

I work in an office building here in Bombay as a computer technician. It is fashionable in Bombay for women to dress in western clothes. We tend to dress in sleeveless dresses with skirts that are knee length. My family live in Kerala so I don't have a lot of friends Bombay. I don't socialize with the people I work with. For the most part the people in my building hardly even speak as they pass on the elevators. This leads to a lot of sexual frustration on my part.

I spend so much time alone when I go to bed every night I masturbate with toys all the time. Because of our desire to be fashionable women have to shave their legs and underarms as much as two times a week. There is a maratti woman named Fozia that visits my building two or three times a week. She makes her living by shaving women.

She was the first woman to introduce me 2 lesbian sex. After several months of her stopping by twice a week to shave me legs and under arms she asked me if I wanted my pussy shaved. I thought it would be cooler if I had my pussy shaved.

When I took off all my clothes Fozia inspected my pussy very closely because I have a very thick mat of hair. She ran her hands over my pubis parting the hair and my labia. Her touch soon had my pussy dripping. When she saw this she put her fingers in my vagina and asked me if I wanted her to kiss my cunt. She told me that she only charges Rs.10 for sucking pussies about one dollar in US money. She is a young and attractive woman. So I paid her price. Now I do enjoy her sucking me a couple of times a week. I am reluctant to suck her in return because I'm sure she is sucking half the women in this building and the others that she visits on the nights she is not in this building. I keep thinking she may have some sort of disease.

I did find out that one of my neighbors as using her service. One night when I saw her enter her apartment and about a half hour later I was going out to dinner when I heard the unmistakable noise coming from the door of her apartment that told me someone was climaxing.

I stopped her in the hall one night. I introduced myself to her. She told me her name was Endera I told her I was bored and would like her company for a drink if she knew a place. She accepted my offer. She Said, "Let me change my shoes before we go!"

I followed her into her apartment. It was neatly kept. She had a desk in front of the window with a computer on it. I looked at the screen. She touched the enter button and the screensaver was replace with the home page of the Bombay Dost. She explained that is the local gay and lesbian new paper that has produced a subscribers web sight.

I asked, "Are you a lesbian?" She said, "I am and I assumed you were a bisexual because you are using Fozia's services!"

I blushed like a child and had nothing more to say.

When she had changed her shoes she came out and took my arm. We caught a cab and she told him to take us to the Voodoo's Bar at Apollo Bunder, Colaha. 

When we got there she led me in and we sat down for a drink in a booth. This was my first time in a gay bar. Several women that obviously know her greeted her. They hugged and kissed each other on the cheek. Then she told them she was showing her neighbor the nightlife of Bombay. I was fascinated watching the men and woman. If it were not for the fact that the men were sitting with men and the women were sitting with women it would look like any other bar I had even been in.

Before the evening drug on to long we caught another cab and went down to the Bombay Gate. We went walking together along the waterfront known as the Wall. 

I had never paid much attention to the area before. Tonight I saw men flirting with men and women flirting with women. Several time's obvious prostitutes approached us. My new friend turned them away with a simple, "why would we pay for something we can get for free?" We did get some rude remarks though.

It was not that far a walk to walk home. We took the elevator up to our floor and she offered me one last drink before bed.

I knew what she wanted and I was getting excited at the thought that she wanted to make love to me. When we entered her apartment she turned on a soft light and told me to have a seat while she got us a drink. When she returned she had removed her shoes. When she handed me a drink she sat on the couch next to me as she sat on her feet with her legs crossed.

Endera offered a toast, Herez to new friendships!

I said, "May they last forever!"

We drank a sip of out drinks and Endra leaned forward and kissed me on the mouth. I sat there wondering what I should do. In my hesitation Endra reached over and felt my breast. I relaxed and decided that tonight I was going to go all the way with a woman.

I leaned back on the couch and let her take charge. She was hugging me as she kissed me. She was pulling down the zipper of my dress as we kissed. My panties were positively soaking wet my now. She encouraged me to lift my butt up of the couch long enough for her to pull the dress down my body.

I was sitting there in a comfortable bra and panties. She admired my body and stood up to remove her dress. She caught the hem of her dress as she crossed her arms and pulled the dress up and over her head in one motion. She was standing there in just her bra and panties. In her case the only thing Fozia must be shaving is her legs and underarms because it looked like she had never touched her pussy. Black hair was sticking out of the legs of her panties. When she unhooked the bra from the back and the cups fell away her breasts were like halves of grapefruits with areolas that were almost black. When she put her thumbs in the waistband of her panties and slid them down her legs before stepping out of them I saw her pubis. It was a virtual jungle of black hair. You could not even see the crack for all the hair, in this light.

She sat next to me and put her arm around my shoulders. She turned my head to face hers as she kissed me again. She reached for my breast and gave it a genital squeeze. She toyed with the pattern on my bra with her fingertip as we continued to kiss.

I was starting to sweat as much from desire as the heat our bodies were generating. She removed the shoulder straps from my shoulders one at a time. As the slid down my arms I instinctually reached for the cups of my bra to hold them up. Endera unfastened my bra from behind. She the removed my hands one at a time from my bra cups. She took the material and pulled them down so she could inspect my breasts. 

My breasts are not the largest in the world but the are respectable and my shin is color is light enough that you can see the blur veins running towards my nipples. They are a dark brown with dimpled areolas about the size of an English shilling coin.

Endera seamed to like what she saw and leaned over to kiss both nipples before she set to works really sucking them. I was thrilled to have her suck my breasts and put my hands on the back of her head. I was running my finger through her black mane. I felt like I could climax just from her mouth on my breasts.

That was not going to be tested tonight though. Endera soon slipped to the floor between my legs. In this kneeling position she reached for the waistband of my panties. As she tugged them from my hips I lifted my hips enough for her to pull them down. As son as she saw my shaved pussy she let out an audible sigh and leaned forward to kiss my pussy. She finished pulling down my panties with her mouth on my cunt. When she had them off my feet she spread my legs wide so she could opened me up like a flower and whip my flesh with her tongue.

I was in heaven. When my first climax came I thrust my hips up off the couch so that my shoulder on the back of the couch and my heels on the floor were the only support I had. I grabbed the back of her head and pulled her face into my cunt as I spent myself in her mouth.

Endera's face was covered in my juices as she looked into my face as I sat back down. I tried to apologize for my behavior and she put her finger on my lips to shut me up.

She said, "No apology is necessary my dear. Just make me cum as much as you just did!"

The moment of truth was at hand. Could I actually put my mouth on the pussy of another woman?

Endera stood up and offered her hand. As she pulled me to my feet I was surprised just how weak my knees were still. We walked into her bedroom with our arms around each other waist. Her room was sparsely furnished. Her bed was a futon on the rice-matted floor. We lay on the top of the futon next to each other.

Endera rolled over to kiss me on the mouth. I could smell and taste my own cunt on her mouth and face. Then she rolled over on her back bringing me with her. I went ahead and put my legs between hers as I settled in on top of her. I was returning her kisses now with all the passion I have missed in the years of my marriage.

Endera put her hands on the top of my head and pushed. I knew what she wanted and I slid down her body never taking my mouth from her body as I went down her neck to the middle of her chest. I put my hands on the outside of both of her breast and pulled them towards my cheeks. By simply turning my head to the left or right I was sucking bother her nipples in turn. In the moonlight coming in the window I could see that her skin was shining from the saliva from my mouth.

With another push on the top of my head I knew she wanted me to go down some more. Again my mouth never left her flesh as I slid down her body. I only stopped long enough to lick her bellybutton. That did make her squirm around on her bed a little. Then I went down the center of her body. I soon felt thick hair in my mouth. I could smell her cunt now. I thought I would be repulsed by the smell but instead my cunt was getting wetter.

When I got to her pussy she pulled her feet up until her heels were touching the cheeks of her ass and she let her knees spread widely. I was getting hair between my teeth and when the curly hairs got caught in my teeth they were pulled out by the roots. I'm sure that must have caused her some pain but all she did was moan a little more.

I finally used my fingers of both hands to part her labia and expose her clitoris to my tongue and eyes. When I took her clitoris in my mouth to suck on it she grabbed the back of my neck and pulled me tightly into her pussy. As my tongue sought out her vagina I tasted her juices. I found them to be pleasant and I licked out everything she could give me. In no time she went into an organism and rewarded my effort with more cum.

She pulled me back up next to her as she recovered. She kissed me and tasted her own cum. I fell asleep in her arms only to be woken up several times during the night to repeat our lovemaking. Some times we started at the feet and other times at the mouth but it always ended with our mouth on each other's pussies

In the morning I had to put on my dress long enough to run next door and shower and dress for work. You would think that I would have been tired all day but to the contrary I was full of energy and good cheer. I talked more that day and felt more at home with my fellow workers.

After that night Endera would visit me during the week when I was alone. We would party at the Voodoo and she introduced me to her friends. But that is another story