 Author's note: As you can probably figure out yourselves, English is not my mother tongue, so please don't be too harsh with criticism on that front. Constructive criticism on the storyline is always welcome. 

*****

On the outside, the hotel looked traditional, as if it was a small, family-owned business in the outskirts of the town. It even had a front desk, as a proper hotel would have. The front desk's functions were not the usual ones though; the girl behind the counter collected mobile phones, coats and other valuables of the guests. She was aware of Vicky's arrival and handed her a key; Elle, on the other hand, gave Vicky a hug before leaving and headed to the stairs. 

Since the building had only three storeys, there was no lift. The receptionist picked up the phone and informed a maid to come and carry Vicky's medium-sized suitcase. The maid was in her early forties and although her uniform was that of a housekeeper, there were small signs that this place was different; the dress was somewhat shorter than normal, her makeup was spot-on, her pumps were made of shiny leather and most importantly, she wore a leather collar around her throat.

"Is there any other way I can be of help, Ma'am?" the maid wondered when they reached Vicky's room.

"No, thank you."

"If you need anything, Ma'am, dial 8 and we'll be here in a matter of seconds."

Vicky shut the door without replying to the redhead maid and turned her attention to the room. The view from the balcony was unobstructed by the lofty bushes that covered the fences; there were, however, impenetrable curtains to ensure the occupant's privacy. The day was gloomy, so Vicky had a smoke and went inside. She had been given a suite, so, apart from the queen-size bed, there was a sitting room with a leather couch, an armchair and a coffee table. Unlike the exterior of the hotel, which looked traditional and old-school, the actual room was decorated in a minimalistic style, as it was taken straight out of an IKEA catalogue. Vicky appreciated simplicity, yet she considered the choice of colours uninspiring everything was either white, black or grey. 

There was only one item with vivid colour; a scarlet-coloured dress that awaited her on the bed. A pair of elegant black stiletto heels were under the bed to match the outfit. In the bathroom, she found a complete set of expensive makeup products; all the provided amenities justified the high entrance fee of half a grand. 

The note on the nightstand informed Vicky that the first meeting of the weekend was scheduled for later that evening at eight o'clock. She was by no means obliged to wear the provided outfit, yet choosing it would be appreciated. Vicky had no reason not to, as the dress was chic but also provocative with a low neckline and a short length. 

At eight o'clock sharp, she was at the first-floor hall that the note indicated. At least ten more women were there, all similarly dressed. 

"Ladies, this is our newest member, Vicky. Let's all make her stay unforgettable," Vanessa introduced her to the conclave of the dominants. Vanessa was the one that approved Vicky's membership and had met her for a cup of coffee a week back. She was the leader of the house although she insisted that she was just first among equals. 

A maid took the order for drinks and one-by-one, the dominants introduced themselves to Vicky. Their age and their appearance varied hugely -from the curvy black-haired woman in her early twenties to the thin and tall brunette that approached her fifties. They all offered Vicky a warm welcome and were willing to engage in some small talk so they could get knowing each other better. Vicky could already recognise one or two; the tall and slim brunette was a high-profile lawyer while a younger blonde was a legislator at the local assembly; Vicky had even voted for her. 

"Ladies, I'm afraid we have to bring the subject of punishing Isabel. Vicky, as you just entered the college, you don't have a vote," Vanessa interrupted the conversation. "Just to recap, Isabel visited her slave at work and extended her control on her beyond their stay in the hotel. The visit brought her slave in a compromising position at work as she had to make up a silly excuse to wiggle through her colleague's indiscreet questions."

Their respect for the rules they had created themselves was impressive. Vicky at first thought that they tried to make the council look more serious than it actually was but the serious tone carried on with Isabel's explanations and the remarks made by three other members of the board. 

Bridget, the legislator, proposed that Isabel be punished by spending the weekend as a slave. The proposal was put to a vote and without Isabel's and Vicky's votes, there were nine remaining members to decide. As the fifth straight vote went against her, Isabel vacated her chair and dropped to her knees. Ultimately, the decision was unanimous and Vanessa called a maid to come and pick Isabel up. The maid that appeared was the one helping Vicky with her baggage; Vanessa called her Anne. Anne had brought a collar, a ball gag and handcuffs; when she asked Isabel to raise her hair, the young woman addressed her as "Miss", accepting her current position. With the restraints in place, Anne attached the leash to Isabel's collar and the "disgraced" Mistress crawled behind her. 

"It's critical to stick to the rules, it's the foundation of the smooth operation of our little community," Vanessa explained once Isabel was gone, "Isabel recognises her mistake as she was the one to report it in the first place. We could easily whip her but switching roles will encourage her understand again how a slave feels, at least for a short period of time."

Vicky decided to take a sip of the excellent wine as she couldn't think of anything appropriate to say. Isabel's admission of her wrongdoings and her apparent willingness to willingly accept her punishment, were admirable nonetheless and so was the lack of a cover-up from the other dominants, even though it naturally meant that Vicky should be twice as pedantic with following the rules as they wouldn't hesitate to bring her at the same position they brought Isabel. 

Anne returned some minutes later, announcing that the maids were taking care of Isabel and that the slaves should be ready within the next fifteen minutes.With Isabel included, there were twelve slaves available for only ten dominants. There had been some considerable efforts to make all twelve women look as close as possible; they had the same makeup, the same nylon dog collar around their necks, the same see-through thin tops and even the same hairstyle with a pulled back ponytail except for the two women who had bob cut hair. One of the slaves was Elle who wasn't distracted by her friend's presence at the dominants' table and instead lowered her head when Vicky looked at her. 

The hall contained an abundance of unused space, as did Vicky's suite, but one of the purposes it served became clear moments later. A young maid, named Kim, placed chewable toys at the other end of the hall, near the windows. "The first game of the night will be a race. You collect the toy and return back to the starting line. The last two slaves will not be given to a dominant tonight, and they will serve the maids."

While waiting at the start, having their hands on the ground and their knees bent kinda resembled an athletics competition but this was a crawling event. The hall was covered with thick carpet in its entirety, probably with similar events in mind. Isabel was the clear winner of the race and was rewarded with some chocolate. Elle came annoyingly last with a curvy young girl with dark blonde hair finishing ahead of her; those two were moved aside and gagged with red ball gags. 

The subsequent challenge involved food. The three maids, Anne, Kim and a dark-haired Latina called Marissa, placed bowls with pasta in front of the slaves. They all seemed accustomed to the process and didn't even flinch an eye when they were ordered to eat like dogs do. Isabel was once again the winner, finishing a whole minute earlier than the second placed slave. As with the previous challenge, the last two women were eliminated but unlike Elle and Jenny, their mouths remained free. 

Unsurprisingly, drinking water was the game that followed suit. Isabel was victorious, promptly securing the ticket to the upcoming round with remarkable ease, although she had fierce competition for the first place by a thin redhead with stunning blue eyes who Vanessa said was named Erin. 

The slaves were allowed some rest while the maids served dinner to the dominants. The dinner itself was excellent consisting of handmade pasta, a rib-eye steak and green salad. An impressive array of delicious appetisers was also provided and so was the tiramisu that concluded the experience. Vicky was left at a loss for words by the food which seemed professionally made. Apparently, that was the case; Olivia, a mesmerising woman with narrow eyes and ebony hair, revealed that they were two more maids on the payroll but they also functioned as the cooks since they were trained chefs with stints at famed restaurants in the past. 

Vicky excused herself so she could pay a visit to the loo, which was located at the end of the corridor. On her way there, she walked past an open door and heard a familiar voice. She pushed the door lightly and entered what looked like a sitting room. Following the traces of the voice, she found a cage with Elle and Jenny in it. They were now completely naked, and each wore a leather chastity belt and a tail, most likely attached to a butt plug. 

"Hello, Mistress, what are you doing here?" Elle greeted her.

"Oh, come on, don't call me that."

"I'm in a cage, with a collar around my neck. You're outside with an elegant dress and designer-made heels. Mistress," Elle argued. 

"Why are you in the cage?"

"Our Mistresses keep us here until their shift is over and we wear the belts so we don't engage in sexual activities," Jenny explained. 

"I hoped you could qualify from the race," Vicky told Elle while Jenny was smirking.

"Actually, it's not bad, Mistress. It's much more exhausting serving five women at the same time but I like it. It is less sensual than having one dominant but at the same time it's dirtier, more animalistic."

Vicky tried to imagine what it might feel like, two women tormented by five maids at the same time. She couldn't put herself in such a position, but she understood that Elle sounded excited when she talked about it so she might have done it again and enjoyed herself. 

"I forgot to add that I'll spend more time with Jenny," Elle noted, "Jenny was my dominant and we're lovers outside the hotel too. I know I haven't told you about her, Mistress, but I haven't really told anyone to be honest."

"How did you end up in the cage?" Vicky asked Jenny.

"I pushed Elle too far, and other Mistresses noticed it. Deservedly, I was punished to become a slave for a week. Then I had a revelation; I had a much better time being on a leash than holding one. So I decided to switch sides for good, Mistress."

"Although I wish I could stay longer, in fact, I have to go back to the main event. I'll see you around slaves," Vicky said with a wink. 

As soon as the maids cleared the tables after the delicious dessert, they brought back the slaves so the games would continue. Vicky was still unaware of the key reason behind staging these challenges, apart from the amusement of the dominant. Nevertheless, the slaves seemed quite committed to perform well so there should have been some for them too. Especially Isabel was in a class of her own. 

The following event required participation from the dominants with the first one being Vanessa whose eyes got covered with a sleeping mask. Her ears were also shut by earphones playing pop music, so she wouldn't hear anything from her surroundings. One of the already eliminated slaves, a petite brunette with bob cut hair named Tricia, volunteered to serve as a footstool for the dominants. The slaves were split in pairs with each pair competing on foot worship on the Mistresses stocking-clad feet. The game had a total of five rounds with each round having a different Mistress as the impartial judge; the five most senior Mistresses were chosen so Vicky remained a spectator; her face was frozen, not betraying any emotions though she was not only absolutely surprised by the surreal experience, but also wet by imagining herself being the recipient of such outstanding service. 

This time it was Erin's turn to be victorious by winning all five rounds, even against Isabel who came second with four wins, although the rankings of the top three didn't matter as they merely offered the ticket to the grand final. With the slaves resting for a few precious minutes and Bridget, the last Mistress that participated, enthusiastically describing the brilliant time she had had, Vicky was extremely curious to see what the final was all about. 

Unlike the rest of the events, who merely checked the slaves' abilities in performing various tasks, the final involved some actual pleasure for them, perhaps as a reward for reaching this stage. Anne, the redhead maid, brought three magic wands, connected to power sockets. The three competitors had their wrists cuffed behind their backs, and the maids turned the wands off at the same time. This game tested the control the slaves had over their body by denying themselves climax. The winner would obviously be the one lasting the longer and because some swearing and moaning was reasonably expected, all three of them mutually agreed to wearing a ball-gag. 

The three finalists performed admirably with muffled moans covering the room. Vicky was amazed with how well they could control their orgasms; she wouldn't have lasted for a single minute. The final took longer than Vicky expected as a result of the impressive showings of the three women and some dominants yielded to the temptation of self-pleasuring, watching those hot slaves fighting the inevitable. 

Maddie, a curvy golden-haired woman with narrow blue eyes and freckles, was the first to give in and her orgasm was so intense that she collapsed on her cuffed hands; Marissa rushed to aid her. The last two standing were Erin and Isabel who were really struggling but their competitive spirit didn't allow them to give the other the ultimate victory. 

Ultimately, Erin couldn't match Isabel's incredible stamina and gave up. Her body stretched, and she waved her legs in the air, as a futile effort of her body to deal with the wave of the orgasm that had struck her. Shortly after Erin, Isabel climaxed as well as there was no meaning in torturing herself anymore. Even when it came to orgasm, her reactions were milder; she didn't shout much, she didn't collapse nor did she experienced a blackout like Erin; the amount of self-control this young women possessed was spectacular. 

"Isabel, congratulations on winning the games," Vanessa said once all three women had caught their breath. 

"Thank you, Mistress Vanessa," Isabel replied humbly. 

The seven slaves that didn't make it to the final were already lined up according to their position on the games with the finalists joining them when their hands were released again; Isabel, as the winner was the first from the left. With their duties over, the maids all fell on their knees after a signal from Vanessa.

"I just realised that Vicky had no clue to why we staged the slave games tonight. Well, my dear, things will unravel right now," Vanessa admitted and Vicky chuckled, somewhat awkwardly when the leader of the house faced her. "In our little world, where some women are slaves and some are owners, we have a very fundamental rule; the slave selects her owner, not vice versa. That's the practical reason we had the games. And obviously because it was incredibly fun and arousing, Olivia here came on her fingers earlier."

The concept was fascinating, it basically turned the tables, offering the slaves the choice to whom they would hand control of themselves. 

"As the winner of the competition, Isabel will be the first to choose her Mistress for the rest of the weekend first," Annette declared; Annette had a very quiet personality and although she was also attractive with curling blonde hair and almond shaped eyes, she wasn't as memorable as some of the other Mistresses of the community. 

"May I, Mistress?" Isabel wondered, eager to announce her choice.

"By all means, pet," Annette agreed. 

"I choose Mistress Vicky," Isabel said with a clear voice.

Vicky was as stunned as someone who just realised he had won a million quid on the lottery. 

"Very well, pet," Annette said with some disapproval in her voice; maybe she hoped Isabel would select her. 

Vanessa made a signal to the maids, and Kim quickly attached a leash on Isabel's collar and brought the former Mistress to her new owner. "Thank you," Vicky mumbled as she took the leash on her hands. It was real; she had joined the community to find a slave and just got one who looked delighted about the prospect of being under her command. A disturbing thought crossed her mind briefly: Isabel had selected her because she was new and inexperienced and would have an easier time compared to what she would get with one of the senior members. Even if that was the case, the young woman's hopes would be shortly diminished. 

The process went on swiftly with the last two slaves asking the remaining Dommes if they could use them together so they wouldn't have to choose between them. The Mistresses, Annette and Greta, a tall and incredibly thin brunette in her mid-forties, agreed to the proposal so they had joint ownership of the two pets. 

By the time Vanessa called it a night, it was almost eleven o'clock and the action moved to the separate rooms. As they left the hall, all slaves typically followed their owners on fours and so was Isabel but unlike most other Dommes, Vicky chose to leave her pet's mouth free. 

Vicky left Isabel alone in the spacy suite and went to the loo. She stayed there longer than normal, as she had the first doubts about herself. Isabel was an experienced Mistress and she would have set the bar high when it came to Vicky's performance in the role. Vicky undoubtedly had some things in her mind but feared that Isabel wouldn't be much impressed by her. Since there was no plan B though, she decided to stick with the plan and if Isabel would be disappointed, so let it be. 

"There's an abundance of sexy pieces of clothing in the drawer, Mistress. Corsets, knee high boots, lingerie, gloves, you name it. Though I think you look already stunning, Mistress," Isabel tried to break the ice; they hadn't still exchanged any words.

"Oh, don't flatter me, young woman, I won't be any less demanding if you sugar-coat me," Vicky said with a teasing tone in her voice.

"I wouldn't expect that, Mistress, I know I have to be at my best to satisfy you," Isabel, slightly sarcastically. 

As Vicky explored the immense variety of fetish wear that was provided, a single knock was heard on the door. Vicky opened the door but there was no-one neither outside nor on the corridor. There was only a cage similar in design to the one she had found Elle in but slightly smaller. 

"Why did they bring this? I didn't ask for it," Vicky said, standing on the door frame. 

"You don't need to ask for this, Mistress. Every Mistress gets one and she can choose whether to put her slave in or not."

Vicky carried it inside and left in near the sitting room. The cage had a thin mattress on its bottom and a pillow and both had fresh red bed covers. She hadn't thought about using it, so she directed her attention back to browsing the wardrobe again. 

Isabel had detected Vicky's nervousness and decided to intervene, "Don't take this the wrong way Mistress, but you seem anxious and reluctant. It doesn't matter whether you have had another slave in the past or I'm your first. You're not being evaluated. Do what comes naturally, that's the best way to handle things."
