 Monica strode through the hall towards the library. She'd just passed her bar exams and she was feeling on top of the world. Mr. Felix - the head of her new firm - had asked her to retrieve some archived journals from her old boarding school that he thought might contain evidence of deliberate corporate wrongdoing. After all the help he'd given her in passing her test it was truly the least she could do.

So after a letter from the Headmaster welcoming her back and the long walk from the train station, here she was striding to the library she'd done the best to avoid in her years at school. It was just past midnight, no students roamed the halls and the ghosts must've been elsewhere. Opening the large wooden doors, she let herself into high ceilinged room lined with rows and rows of bookshelves. The library was empty too. Monica was a little disappointed; she'd been hoping to see Ms. Johnson. She had enjoyed bothering Ms. Johnson more than she'd enjoyed nearly all of her classes, and had certainly showed more commitment to the task than to some of her finals. 

Monica smiled as she strode over to the archives, remembering the time she'd set off a series of small noisemakers throughout the library, causing Ms. Johnson to run around frantically, shrieking, throwing her glasses to the ground in frustration. That was the closest Monica'd gotten to her unspoken goal, seeing what Ms. Johnson would look like with her hair out of the tight bun it was forever coiled at the back of her head. 

The archives were not locked, they were not considered to be particularly valuable - she vaguely wondered how the journals had ended up here. She began searching the packed shelves, looking through the faded titles and worn spines. She found the book tucked into the corner of the shelf furthest from the door, the faded title along the spine detailing the date range she needed. "Gotcha," she whispered to herself. 

As she stepped off the ladder, a voice behind Monica said harshly, "What are you doing here?" Monica smiled to herself and then quickly fixed her face into a somber expression as she turned to see the menacing figure of Ms. Johnson behind her looking severe in her black robe tightly knotted around her waist. The woman could sneak up more quietly than anyone she'd ever met.

"I'm here on urgent business," Monica said, producing the letter swiftly from inside her robes and presenting it to Ms. Johnson with a flourish, "The Headmaster's been informed."

Monica struggled to contain her grin as Ms. Johnson glanced furiously at her and then scowled over the letter; holding it up to the low lamp light that illuminated the room. After several moments' examination, Ms. Johnson handed the letter back to Monica, seemingly disappointed to not have detected a fraud. 

"Actually," said Monica, hiding the book she'd pulled from the shelf behind her back, "I am glad you're here. I could use your help." She quickly explained the book she was looking for and hinted to the importance of finding it quickly, "Mr. Felix needs it," she finished, knowing Ms. Johnson would know the important lawyer.

Ms. Johnson seemed to puff up with the importance of the task. Her back straightened and as the gleam of the low light caught her hair Monica noticed that her black tresses were in their bun, perhaps looser than usual. 'Excellent," Monica thought. 

Ms. Johnson turned with determination and strode to the corner Monica had recently vacated, "I believe it is somewhere over here..." lapsing into silence. With a nod, Monica slid the bookinto her pocket and began searching the shelves alongside Ms. Johnson. They searched in silence for several minutes, stretching into a quarter of an hour. Ms. Johnson thwarted all of Monica' attempts at chat and Monica resorted to small exclamations at various titles, hoping to catch Ms. Johnson's interest and, when Ms. Johnson climbed onto a ladder to search a higher shelf, long admiring looks at her strong calves.

Finally Monica thought the game was getting old. Slipping the book from her pocket she mimed pulling it from the shelves dramatically. "Found it!" she exclaimed. Ms. Johnson deflated slightly, seemingly disappointed to have not been more critical to the assignment. Monica quickly added, "I couldn't have found it without your guidance." Ms. Johnson's disappointment seemed to lift slightly. 

"Well," she responded, "I am always glad to be of service to Mr. Felix," Much to Monica' surprise Ms. Johnson seemed a little reluctant to leave. 

"Fuck it," Monica thought, it was now or ever. 

"Actually," Monica said, "there is something else you can help me with." Ms. Johnson looked up, her expression changing to surprise as Monica strode across the room to stand inches in front of her, not quite pinning her to the bookcase behind her, but certainly impeding her exit. Monica met Ms. Johnson's off guard gaze. Monica continued, "I've always wondered..." Refusing to break eye contact, Monica raised her arms slowly but decisively to the back of Ms. Johnson's head. In her experience, it was hard for women to look away from Monica' eyes which had a little gold through them. Monica' hands deftly moved to the bun and found, as she'd hoped, it was secured with only one long pin which she pulled quickly out. Stepping back, Monica finally broke eye contact and watch Ms. Johnson's long hair uncoil over her shoulders. "Beautiful," Monica said with a sigh.

Ms. Johnson was speechless for once, appearing not to know how to receive this compliment, but not in the least displeased. Monica stepped forward again, hands moving to the soft black hair, pulling the loose curls gently around Ms. Johnson's shoulders to better frame her face. With her hair down it was clear Ms. Johnson was middle-aged, not the old spiteful witch they'd speculated as students. 

Monica slipped a gentle finger under Ms. Johnson's chin and tilted her chin up, locking eyes once again with the shorter woman. Slowly but confidently, Monica bent and kissed Ms. Johnson. To her delight, Ms. Johnson kissed her back with more passion than Monica had dared hope for. She seemed to come alive, leaning her body into Monica' slight frame, and pressing her lips in deeper.

Monica started as Ms. Johnson suddenly jumped back, breaking their kiss. "You cheeky... Monica!" she exclaimed suddenly. 

"Ms. Johnson," Monica interrupted before she could really get into her stride, "no one will ever know if we..." she gestured to the space between them and the empty library.

Ms. Johnson jumped on her with the ferocity of a hungry lion, Monica later mused she certainly was hungry. Monica kissed her back in a mess of flying hair, slight tongues, and bitten lips. Suddenly, it was Monica' back against the opposite bookcase, fingers clutching the old shelves as Ms. Johnson pulled her dress up and over her head, exposing her practical thin black sports bra and light black cotton underwear. Monica could not believe the life lurking inside this woman. She gasped with delight as Ms. Johnson pulled the thin fabric of her bra down, exposing her breast to the cold night air. She yelped with pain and pleasure as the older woman swooped down, biting her nipple before sucking it into her mouth. Monica laced her fingers through the smooth hair, pulling Ms. Johnson closer to her breast as her other hand frantically reached down, searching for the tie of Ms. Johnson's dressing robe. 

She felt the hastily tied robe spring loose. To her delight, it appeared that Ms. Johnson must sleep in the nude, not bothering to slip on even a nightgown under her robe in her haste to scold whoever was disrupting the peace of her library in the night.  

Ms. Johnson's breasts were bigger and heavier than her loose robes had ever suggested. Her big nipples hardened immediately in response to Monica' pinching. To Monica' delight, Ms. Johnson lifted her head from Monica' breast with a gasp and Monica took the opportunity to pull Ms. Johnson's mouth to hers again, winding her fingers more firmly into the hair she'd nearly obsessed over in school.

Suddenly, Ms. Johnson broke away, Monica' hand slipping from her hair, and dropped to her knees, pulling Monica' underwear down with her. With seemingly no regard for Monica, Ms. Johnson lifted one of Monica' legs to better access her pussy, which was now positively dripping with desire. As Monica again gripped the bookshelves for support - not well known for her balance - Ms. Johnson seemed to take in her pussy, first with her eyes, then with a long and appreciative sniff. Ms. Johnson looked up, again locking eyes with Monica, extended her long tongue and began to lick.

Never in her wildest dreams would Monica have imagined Ms. Johnson could lick pussy like that. Ms. Johnson began slowly, getting to know Monica's pussy. She licked along both Monica long inside lips, sucking and biting gently, before reaching her hands up to pull the lips to the side. Her tongue started by tasting her cunt which was dripping, circling her tongue along Monica' entrance, cleaning up the wet that had leaked out, before sticking her tongue inside Monica. Then the tongue moved upwards, moving back and forth gently before feeling the swell of Monica' clit. Monica gasped with delight as Ms. Johnson's tongue began to circle around and around her clit, swelling more with ever lick. Then with no warning, Ms. Johnson began to suck ferociously on Monica' clit in the same moment as she slid two fingers inside Monica and began pounding inside her. 

Monica screamed, shattering the quiet of the library and nearly falling over with the shock and pleasure. Ms. Johnson seemed not to care, not missing a beat and sucking and pounding Monica relentlessly through one, two, three orgasms. Monica panted, now balance precariously on one leg and arm, her other hand again entwined in Ms. Johnson's hair, pulling her closer as she began to thrust her pussy against Ms. Johnson's face. Responding vigorously, Ms. Johnson bit Monica' clit as her fingers curled to press on Monica' g-spot. 

She came so hard she actually fell over. Ms. Johnson only stopping when Monica was sprawled on the floor. Laughing slightly with delight and shock, Monica pulled Ms. Johnson down on the floor with her and immediately climbed on top. Ms. Johnson raised her hands, whether to pull Monica to her or cover her own body, Monica didn't find out, pinning Ms. Johnson's wrists to the ground and enjoying her squirm uncomfortably as Monica luxuriously took her in. 

Ms. Johnson did indeed have heavy breasts, tipped with enormous nipples flushed dark with arousal. They looked so tasty that Monica' pussy immediately began to leak again, pooling on Ms. Johnson's exposed thigh. Her stomach was sot and smooth with the comforts of age, seemingly pointing towards her pussy. Under a neatly trimmed patch of hair, Monica could just see a similarly flushed pussy, and the hit of a swollen clit struggling to show itself between her lips.

Grinning, Monica bent and kissed Ms. Johnson deeply, enjoying the way her back arched in response, pressing her hard nipples into Monica' chest. Monica felt the dressing gown against her leg. Ms. Johnson did not have time to react before Monica had disentangled the tie of the robe and secured Ms. Johnson's wrist firmly together. After struggling slightly, Ms. Johnson treated Monica to a delighted and mischievous smile. 

Returning the smile, Monica bent, taking her time, licking her way down Ms. Johnson's neck to her breasts. With in inhale of pleasure, Monica took the large breast into her mouth, holding it firmly in her hands and sucking deeply, trying to fit as much of the breast into her hungry mouth as she could. She was treated to a deep moan of pleasure from Ms. Johnson. With her other hand, Monica pinched and twisted Ms. Johnson's nipple, while her knee gently pressed against Ms. Johnson's leaking pussy. With another deep moan, Monica felt Ms. Johnson cum against her firm knee, wet spreading. 

Releasing her breast, Monica settled herself between Ms. Johnson's legs spreading her pussy luxuriously before diving in. Monica loved her sweet taste, lapping her up and enjoying the steady pour out of her pussy. She sucked her clit hard before drawing back and admiring how swollen and red it had become. Then, she used one hand to rub the clit in circles, making Ms. Johnson cry out with pleasure. Monica then slid her long tongue inside Ms. Johnson and began fucking her with her tongue.

Monica loved the feeling of Ms. Johnson coating her tongue, the differences in texture through in her, the warm wet space enclosing, the feeling of being inside her. Ms. Johnson came magnificently, her back arching against her invisible bonds, and toes curling. Monica did not change the pace of her fucking, taking Ms. Johnson through orgasm after orgasm until the river of cum turned to a trickle. 

Smiling, Monica raised herself up and made eye contact with Ms. Johnson as she cleaned the cum from her face. Then she reached down and untied the robe tie, releasing Ms. Johnson. They dressed quietly, saying little except to locate Monica's underwear that had disappeared under a bookshelf. 

Monica headed out of the archives, Ms. Johnson closing the door behind her. "Thank you Ms. Johnson for your assistance locating the book, I will let Mr. Felix and the Headmaster know how essential your assistance was."

"Good night Monica," Ms. Johnson said, back to her brisk manner. "You'll need to come up with a more creative excuse next time then simply hiding the book in your pocket." She strode away towards her quarters, leaving Monica smiling ruefully.