 I froze as she spoke, my heart skipping a beat.

"Do I get a reward?" She purred. I whipped my head around to face her, jumping as her face appeared just inches from mine. I swallowed and turned back to my phone, not recalling seeing it. The arm on my back tightened around my waist, sending shivers through my body. "Come on," she whispered in my ear, almost touching. "Don't I deserve a reward?" My heart quickened its pace, and my breath caught in my throat.

"W-what do y-you wa-want?" I managed to breathe out. She gently bit my neck, just below my ear, and I couldn't help the soft breathy moan that escaped my throat. My stomach turned and I shifted slightly.

"I would think that was obvious." She chuckled. I looked up at her, a sexy smirk twisting her lips. I know my eyes were wide and pathetic, but I was so confused... She could have anyone she wanted...why me? Then the thought occurred to me; she didn't want me, she just knew I liked her and she wanted sex. I looked down and sighed. She pressed herself against me, warmth radiating off her. "Please Kira." She breathed in my ear. I don't think that I had ever heard her say please before. She bit my neck and I couldn't help it anymore. Even if she was just pretending. I couldn't say no to her.

"A-alright..." I started, but she cut me off before I could continue. She pushed me on my side and pressed her lips to mine. I melted against her, her lips soft against mine, yet firm. She forced her tongue into my mouth, mine joining hers to dance. Somehow she ended up on top, not that I minded. Her weight pressing down on me, the confinement between her and the bed, it felt so close and hot. I always knew I was a bottom, and, in my fantasies, a submissive. 

She ground her hips against mine and I shifted so I could slide a leg between hers, my leg and hip pressing against her most sensitive areas. She moaned before sinking her teeth into my neck, with not quite enough pressure to break the skin, but hard enough to easily bruise a normal person, and my pale skin was softer than most. I tipped my head to the side for her and moaned, trailing my fingers in her long ebony hair. I moved against her, grinding my leg into her pussy as she chewed on my neck, her moans feeling wonderful on the sensitive bruised skin. I moved my hand under the back of her shirt, goosebumps breaking out over her skin at my touch.

She suddenly pulled away from my neck and I snapped out of the daze I was in, realizing what I had done. I looked at my hands, gaping a bit. They had been in Talulah's gorgeous hair, and then touched that silky caramel skin. I glanced up at her, noticing the dark-hair beauty was still sitting on my lap. I felt silly laying there while she leered down at me, so I slowly sat up with a blush. She grabbed my hair and pulled me forward, my head over her shoulder as she bit into my neck again, near where she left off before. I was soon lost in soft moans and pleasure. She slid her hands under my shirt and undid my bra. I gasped, but she bit down at that exact moment, so it came out more like a squeak. She laughed and trailed her long nails on my back, scrapping and leaving tracks of cool pain. My hands got squished between our chests, and as I moved them, I felt those soft tits beneath my hands and couldn't resist the urge to squeeze them. We gasped together, her either from surprise or pleasure. I gasped because the warm mounds were soft to the touch, perky and seemed to be perfectly fitted to my hands, my short fingers easily kneading the masses. I couldn't see her face, but I could hear hear he soft moans and feel her shaking breath down my neck. 

She pulled away and seized my hands. I looked at her, confused, as she simply smirked at me. She shifted my left hand, the long fingers of one of her hands wrapping both my wrists in a tight grip. I looked up at her, my eyes big and dark. I wanted her. And she knew it. 

She silently reached her free hand up, gently poking my neck. I gasped, the tingling pain of a bruise buzzing through me. I was speechless as she trailed her finger around the circumference of my neck, along the long string of bruises. She chuckled at my mixture of confusion and pain.

"I think you'd know a collar, bitch." She freed my hands, slapping one as I instinctively tried to feel the dark marks I knew were there. "You're my bitch now, got that? You do what I say, you live to serve me. Now strip." She never broke eye contact with me. I quivered with a mixture of excitement nervousness and want. I shifted as I grew damp between the legs. She must've not had any idea what she was doing to me. This must be a dream, she could never want me, certainly not like this. Still I complied.

"Y-yes ma'am." I stuttered out, my hands shaking slightly as I slowly pulled off my sweater, then my top and useless bra. Her mouth dropped and she seized my chest.

"Where have you been hiding these!" She exclaimed, playing with and rolling my large breasts in her hands. I breathed a moan, the question lost on me as she began rubbing her thumbs over my nipples, who quickly hardened at the touch. She took one in her mouth and I moaned loudly. They were far too sensitive for my own good, especially in the warm wetness of her mouth, her tongue swirling around and flicking the nub repeatedly. My arms gave out and I fell backwards. She pinned my hands down on either side of my head and leered down at me, her face directly above mine. "How big are they?" She cooed. 

"Th-thirty-six Ds, ma'am." I looked to the side with blush as I answered. To the right was the vanity, and I could see myself in the mirror. Talulah looked absolutely gorgeous, hanging over the prone me, graceful and powerful as a panther. I wanted her to rip my confining leggings and soaking panties off me, I was dying for release from their uncomfortable grasp. I looked back up at her as she spoke, startling me from my thoughts.

"Wow," she stared at them hungrily. "They're so huge, and soft..." She released a wrist to gently stroke my breast, sending a shiver through my body. Then she looked back at my face, a grin twisting her lips. "And they all belong to me." She stated. I wasn't sure when she decided she was my owner, and I didn't recall agreeing, tho I definitely made very little protest. I, in all honesty wanted this. But it was a dream. It didn't really matter. 

She trailed her hand down my body, gently scraping her nails along my pale skin, making me squirm and leaving pink trails down my body. She hit the top of my skirt and paused. I turned my gaze from her hand to her smirking face. "Should I see what else is mine?" She asked rhetorically. I started to quickly slide my clothes from my hips but froze as she suddenly slapped me. I blinked up at her, my mouth agape, my cheek tingling. "Did I tell you to take that off, bitch?" My mistress growled down at me, her eyes twinkling. I chose not to point out that she did tell me to strip earlier.

"No ma'am..." I falsely admitted. I figured she would accept the lie if she found out. To my surprise she spun me around by my wrists, my body easily sliding on the silky sheets, so my head rested on her luxurious pillows. She pulled a pair of handcuffs out, apparently from under a pillow. I watched her, doe-eyed as she slapped one cuff around my wrist, looping the chain around the the wire headboard and fastened the other cuff, chaining my wrists above my head.

"Wouldn't want you sipping up again, would we?" She asked, leering down at me from her position straddling my chest, making it a bit hard to breathe. I shook my head mutely. She wriggled down my body, laying down on my chest. She stared at me, her head resting on her arms, and smiled. I blinked several times, a bit taken back. "You know, I never noticed before, but you have rather pretty eyes." She stated contently. I blushed furiously and looked to the side.

"They're just plain boring brown, ma'am..."

"No! They're hazel." She corrected. I looked back at her, surprised. I was taken back by her expression. Her bottom lip had stuck out a bit as she pushed herself up by her arms, glaring down at me. She looked incredibly cute.

"Yes ma'am." I said with a smile.

"Now," she said, crawling down between my legs, my stomach doing somersaults as she slid hands along my waist, then hips and pausing at just below my skirt. "Let's do something about these leggings."

She grabbed them at my hips, underneath my skirt, and yanked them down and off my legs, exposing my striped underwear. I yelped and jerked my legs up, trying to cover the offensively pink and soaking panties, internally cursing myself over and over, "why this pair, why why why why?!" 

Talulah coughed above me and I peaked and eye open to look up at her. She was glaring down at me. She looked pointedly at my knees and I started to slowly slide them down and apart, but she apparently wasn't satisfied with this. She yanked my legs down, glaring at me. "Do I need to tie these down as well?" She growled. I shook my head vigorously. "Good." She finally looked down at my underwear, then laughed. "Excited are you?" I blushed and said nothing, looking away, until she slapped my inner thigh, clawing the sensitive skin with her nails. I yelped as she glared at me. "I asked you a question bitch, and I expect an answer! Are you excited?" She barked.

"Y-yes ma-a'am.." I stuttered, quietly.

"Do you want me bitch?" I did not hesitate answering.

"Yes! Very much...ma'am." I added, realizing I forgot the address. I didn't know if she would punish me if I didn't use it, but better safe than sorry at this point. To my surprise she came up to my face again, and fished something else from under the pillows. She pulled up a strip of fabric and laughed at my thoughtful expression. She speedily blindfolded me before I realized what it was. I froze, my breathing hitching; I didn't like being in the dark. I focused on what I could feel; the cold handcuffs, the cool satin sheets, and Talulah's hot body. She slid her hands down my body, grasping my hips firmly. She made no move to remove my underwear, making me whine softly. I didn't know what exactly I wanted her to do, but a vision of those wonderful lips and tongue, doing something much further south, made me soak the pink horrors a little more. 

I gasped as she suddenly moved one hand to start rubbing my pussy through the cloth. I couldn't stop the long low moan from escaping my throat.

"Do you like that, bitch?" Talulah asked from somewhere above me as she started rubbing faster, coming incredibly close to my other hole. 

"Yes ma'am!" I replied eagerly, nodding my head vigorously. She chuckled sadistically. I quivered in her hands. I needed her. "Mistress..." I started, terrified of what she'd say. "Please...I...I need you in me, I'm so close!" She abruptly pulled away and I let out a sharp whine as I felt the climax I was so close to fall away. Then the realization that I must've said something wrong registered and I began to plead. "Please, mistress, I was so close," I was alone, the warmth of her skin left mine. "Mistress! Come back..." I whispered, petrified and open.

Suddenly she was back on the bed and I looked up, knowing that I couldn't see. She pushed my head down with a growl and ripped off my underwear. I gasped in surprise as the cool air hit my soaking pussy. 

"Oo! You shave." She stated in delight and she rubbed her hand over my smooth pussy. I moaned when she slid a finger into me, my body clenched around her and she slid out with a slight slurp. "Oh, very excited. The more the better, right, my little bitch?" I nodded vigorously, panting softly. I heard her suck on her finger, letting out a quiet "mmmm" before I felt something that certainly wasn't a finger, rubbing me. 

I gasped in surprise, but I couldn't ignore the wonderful sensations it sent though my body as she slid her warm wet tongue along the folds of my pussy and passed over my hole. She gently pushed her tongue into me, and I cried out in pleasure as she moved it inside me.

"Oh, you like that?" Talulah asked, pulling off for a moment , and I could hear the smirk in her voice.

"Fuck yes!" I cried out as she slid a finger in me again and began moving around inside me. I yelped in pain as she slapped my face hard and removing her finger from me. Through the throbbing I heard her bark at me.

"What do you call me, bitch?!" I jumped, my stomach doing a summersault and a gush of liquid flowed down the folds of my pussy as I began to climb again.

"Ma'am." I stated. I don't think my heart could race any faster.

"Now, I'll ask you again; do you like this?" She slid her tongue in again, sucking softly and gently scraping her teeth on me. I could barely form the words of my response.

"Fuck yes, ma'am!" I all but screamed at her.

"Now, now. We can't have you making all that noise." She said mockingly. She leaned forward and slid her tongue into my mouth. I opened my mouth to her and raised my tongue to dance with hers. I could taste my cum on her tongue and, oh gosh, that turned me on. I pulled at the handcuffs, the metal biting into my wrists, but I didn't care. I wanted to run my fingers through her gorgeous hair again and make out with her as she fucked me hard, something I wasn't quite sure how that would happen, but I really didn't give a fuck about right now.

Just as I began drifting into the bliss she caused me, doing that to my mouth, she pulled away. I opened my mouth to protest and she shoved a gag ball in, deftly lifting my head against her warm, bare chest to strap it on. I couldn't help but smile around the rubber ball; my mistress was naked as well.

"There, that's better. Remember bitch, you're not allowed to cum without my permission, got it? You want me to fuck you now?" She purred and I nodded eagerly, begging her to start. "You want me to fuck you hard like the little bitch you are?"