 Anny and Jesse were bored to death: it had been steadily been raining for the last 3 days and the 19 year old girls had exhausted every fun idea they had. They had spent those three days, some of their first summer days without high-school to look forward in September, at Anny's house. Her parents were gone for a summer vacation, and they had called yesterday too tell her that they were having the time of their lives at the beach. It had been steadily sunny for the last week in Cancun. Damn them. 

The girls, best friends since grade school, had turned the house into their playground. Both loved to sculpt and paint, so the entire basement was now their studio. In fact they had spent most of the two following days down there, working clay and oil from dawn 'til dusk. They decided to sleep together in Anny's parents' water bed, used to sleeping in the same bed because of all the trips they had taken during high school. 

Neither of them had ever slept in one before and they had spent most of their first night talking. About guys, mostly. Jesse had broken up with her last boyfriend a month ago and was still a bit heart sore. Anny, on the other hand, was in between two guys right now. And while Jesse had only been 3 guys in her young life, Anny had known more than any of her friends... Only Jesse knew exactly how many, and it made her blush thinking about it!

So they had spent most of that first night, and parts of the second, talking about some of Anny's conquests, best and worst lovers, most gorgeous and ugly boyfriends... But now, as they were getting ready to go to bed on their third night, they had even exhausted *that* subject. They had cleaned their studio up and were in the bathroom, washing up and leaning the sparse make-up they had on. Neither one of them had, in fact, more than a few subtle touches of it. 

Jesse, the shy one, secretly enjoyed those moments in the bathroom, when both of them were standing in front of the mirror with nothing but panties on. It allowed her to see her friend's body: Anny was a voluptuous girl. That summed it up pretty good. A large head of thick red hair that waved down in soft curls down to her nipples, extremely large breasts that somehow managed to grow forward instead of downward, round hips and ass that swelled beneath a relatively slim waist. And everything was firm, no traces of the cellulite that afflicted their friend Dana. 

Anny, on the other hand, knew that Jesse was looking at her every night, but didn't mind at all. She knew she had a great body and while she was not arrogant about it, at least with her girlfriends, she enjoyed having people looking at it. The only thing that saddened her was that Jesse believed that she herself looked bad. She was very different, thinner and less firm, but she was still very beautiful. On another person Jesse's soft breasts, a bit too wide for their size, and her equally soft ass would have made for a boring body. But somehow it gave Jesse a kind of lazy beauty, a mellow splendor, one that she had not yet learned how to use and exploit. Anny knew that Jesse's long, jet black hair that she always kept in a severe ponytail, was the envy of most girls she knew, herself included. 

Anny had tried to talk about all of that to her friend in the past, to no avail. Jesse was convinced that she was the ugly duckling. She had tried to convince her than a subtle change in the way she walked and move would put her beauty in a new light. Jesse had a soft, lithe body, yet she always moved quickly, never relaxed. She was too conscious of people watching her and it made her freeze when she should relax and let her smoothness shine forth. 

Jesse closed the bathroom's light, sighing with bittersweet feelings: she really enjoyed looking at her friend's naked body, probably more than she should, but it always made her envious. What could she do about it? Then they both had their little thrill before going to bed: even though the kitchen window gave right into the street, they went and had a long drink of water, half-naked. They had done this the two previous nights as well, looking calm and serene but giggling like little girls once they were back in the bedroom. Nobody had passed by yet, but they still had two weeks before Anny's parents returned. 

As they settled in the water bed, in complete darkness, Anny felt Jesse's arm against her own. She smiled and reached for the hand she knew must be there beside hers. They begun doing this last night, after a particularly scary movie. It was somewhat of an illicit pleasure to do it tonight, but she didn't think that it really bothered Jesse. In fact, although Jesse was really shy in public, her friend knew that she was not really a shy person. Sometimes the questions Jesse had asked her were really personal! Often about guys, but also about some of her intimate details: like how often she masturbated, or if she shaved herself every time she took a shower. 

Anny smiled, guessing that her friend had one of those questions all ready, judging by the way she was fidgeting. And indeed, Jesse asked, under the cover of darkness, 

"Have you ever watched a porn movie Anny?"

"What? Of course!" Anny laughed gently, not wanting to make her friend feel bad. "You remember Andy, the tall Irish guy?"

"Yes."

"Well, every other time we had sex it was in front of one of his porn movies..."

"And you didn't mind? I mean, have him looking at other women?"

"Not, not really. Just like I don't mind him looking at Catherine Zeta-Jones or Jennifer Lopez."

"And what about him watching pornography?"

"Jesse, are you telling me that you've never watched an adult movie in your entire life?"

"Well, not really. I did watch one a few years ago, one I found in my brother's closet."

"And? did you like it?"

"Not a lot, but it did make me hot..." she laughed shyly.

"And you've never tried another one?"

"No..."

"Wanna see one now? Are you game?" Anny asked, knowing that Jesse couldn't resist dares. 

"What? Now? It's nearly midnight on a Wednesday night!"

"I know... But do you really think that adult video stores have regular business hours?"

"What if anybody sees us?"

"Hmmm. We could go to the next town, we *do* have your parent's car you know..."

"Well, I don't know..."

"Oh come on Jesse, it'll be fun! We'll even dress up and put wild make-up on!"

Jesse finally agreed, and for the next twenty minutes the girls had fun doing each other's hair and faces in weird ways they'd never do in real, day-time life. So they rode for half an hour to the next town and found a video club that was still opened. Jesse smiled as the cashier's eyes widened as he saw two girls walking in hand in hand, looking really slutty. Without hesitating they went in the adult section, looking all over and trying to decide what to choose. Anal sex, group sex, lesbians, interracial, teens, incest, facials... In the end they decided on a movie that had many different kinds of scenes. 

At the counter, alone in the store, Anny decided to have a bit more fun. Looking straight at the cashier, she asked him: "If I show you my boobs, will you give this one free?" He managed to nod and his mouth opened as both of Anny's breasts spilled free of her thin tank top. Jesse tried her best to hide her surprise, and turned it into a grin. Anyway, the cashier wouldn't have noticed if she had turned into a goat. Laughing, the girls took the movie and got out. 

In the car both of them couldn't stop laughing. 

"You're crazy Anny!!!" Shouted Jesse. 

"I know! I've never done anything like this before. I think it's all the make-up. Each time I saw myself in the mirror I though it was a hooker!"

They both laughed harder at Anny's joke. 

"But you were very good yourself Jesse, walking like that in front of this poor guy. He watched your ass all the way to the adult section!"

"What? No way!"

"I'm telling you girl! You could have had him in your bed in no time." 

"Of course not, silly: *you're* in my bed!"

"Well, we could have had him to ourselves then!"

And they laughed again, harder than ever. Eventually they got back home and popped the movie in the bedroom VCR. They had washed all the make-up away and cleaned their hair as best they could outside of a shower. Once more Jesse enjoyed a nighttime bathroom session with Anny. But soon they were in the bed, the room completely dark except for the blue glow of the television. They had positioned it at the foot of the bed, so that they could watch it while lying on the bed. 

The first scene was a lesbian threesome. And one of them looked somewhat like Anny: all curves and breasts, with long red hair. Neither one commented but Jesse squeezed her friend's hand under the blankets. The room was silent except for the moans coming out from the tv. Now that they were here, watching a porn movie together, neither Jesse or Anny knew exactly what to do, to say. And watching girls loving each other, eating their pussies, breasts, asses, even licking each other's assholes, had a definite effect on them. 

Jesse could feel her nipples getting hard and rubbing against the blanket, while their hands began to get hotter and wetter. Without either of them realizing it at first, they began to gently squeeze the other's hand. Their eyes were glued tot the screen, loving every second of the show. Towards the end of the first scene, Jesse's other hand slowly moved to her pussy, over her panties, and she carefully began to caress herself. Of course, across the joined hands, Anny was doing the same. 

When the second scene began, and the guy appeared, Jesse broke the ice and the silence by saying how big his cock was. 

"Have you ever seen one this big Anny?"

"No, but I had a boyfriend once who had one nearly as big..."

"Was it good?"

"Yes, but he had to go slowly at first. It hurt if he tried to go too deep too fast. But once I was used to his size it was wonderful! Sadly he was not a very skilled lover, and you can forget anal sex with such a monster cock..."

Jesse fell silent and Anny knew that her friend was very sensitive about anal sex. While they still watched the movie intently, Anny asked:

"Did Francis ask it of you before you broke up?"

"Yes..." Jesse replied faintly.

"And you said no?"

"I did... I was ashamed."

Anny, turning on her side towards her friend, placed her free hand on her friend's shoulder and said. 

"Please Jesse, listen to me. If you try it and doesn't like it, that's perfectly fine. But don't turn your back on it... well... not in the sense that..." both girl laughed at Anny's badly chosen words for a minute. "Anyway don't refuse because you're ashamed... Look, I think we're going to see it happening."

And indeed the guy was getting ready to sodomize his partner. It looked painful at first but soon he was plowing into her just as fast as he had been fucking her pussy. Anny was on her back once more, but a lot closer to her friend. As Jesse watched, fascinated, as the girl on the screen was being assfucked, Anny began talking softly:

"At first it does hurt, even if you're lubricated. The muscles just inside are the tighter. After that, if you pushed enough lubricant inside, everything feels wonderfully naughty. And good, too. Everything feels good..." 

Jesse turned her head from time to time, looking at the movie, then her friend as she kept talking.

"You feel something you never could have imagines... You feel the guy inside you, deeper than when he's in your pussy. I don't know how to describe it, but I feel so full of cock, so incredibly full of cock when I have one up my ass..."

Inches away from her friend's mouth, Jesse was breathing hard while listening to her. In the background you could hear a woman moaning and the distinctive sound of thighs slapping an ass. Anny had been masturbating herself as well while talking, and both girls were swelteringly hot. Without thinking Anny pushed the covers down, revealing both her and Jesse's hands against their pussies. "God it's too hot!" Her eyes then opened wide in surprise as she realized what she had done. They both stopped and laughed. Anny then said: "Oh, what the hell... It isn't as if I didn't know you were caressing yourself!" They laughed again, then turned to the screen. 

The guy was now fucking the woman's tits. Jesse, once more, asked the obvious question:

"Do guys like to fuck your tits?" she was not masturbating anymore, but she was still keyed up. Other wise she would not have asked the question so explicitly. 

"Of course... That's the first thing most of them want to do!" they laughed. "Don't tell me you've never tried?"

"My boobs aren't big enough..."

"Sure they are..." Anny said, confident. "Every tried doing it while being above the guy, when they hang down?"

"No! I never though about it! Damn!" They laughed again. 

After a small silence, looking into each other's eyes, Jesse asked:

"Do you mind if I... if I resume, uh..."

"Of course not Jesse... I was wondering how to ask you myself!"

At the same time their hands found their respective pussies, as they were still looking at each other. They blushed and turned on their back, but their other hands were still joined and really sweaty by now. When the guy on the screen came all over the woman's face, Anny laughed and said:

"Before you ask, yes I've done this a few times... It's quite messy but the feeling is really, really good. It's so nasty that it often triggers my climax if I've not cum yet."

They laughed together, but now some moans were beginning to slip in. The third scene began, with two guys undressing a young girl. As they still laughing, Anny said: "I've never done this Jesse! But I'd really, really like to try!" Halfway through the scene both girls were flushed, covered in sweat and their orgasms were only a few minutes away. No longer were they trying to hide their moans, and the film had receded far, far away. Jesse came first, moaning and crying out loud, holding to Anny's hand. 

As her climax faded, Anny's exploded. Jesse rolled to her side and watched her friend climaxing. Anny was writhing on the bed, her breasts thrusting upward with her moans, her legs spread and her hand underneath her panties. Jesse's eyes were wide opened, marveling at her friend's beauty. 

"You're so beautiful Anny... So beautiful!"

Anny turned her head and looked at her friend, grinning like a cat. "Thank you Jesse. You're gorgeous yourself, even if you don't want to believe it. And right now you're positively glowing..."

Still smiling, she leaned forward and kissed her friend on the mouth. Jesse smiled, contented, and pulled her friend against her. Their breasts entwined and molded against one another and Jesse nestled her face against Anny's neck. She smelled like clean sweat, like sex... She smelled wonderful. They held each other for a long time, falling half asleep like this. At one point Anny got up, stopped the VCR and slipped back in the bed. Settling in not as closely but with their hands still intertwined, they fell asleep. 

Jesse woke up the following morning at eleven o'clock. A quick look outside revealed nothing but grey skies and more rain. It seemed like an eternity ago they had planned to go to the beach, about thirty miles away from their home. But the rain has never since stopped. turning the other way, Jesse saw Anny, still sleeping. Her friend had pushed the blankets down, exposing her massive breasts. Double E cups, Anny had once said. And a quick search through her drawers had confirmed this last year. Mostly EE's, some E's and even one bright red DD that must push her breasts out like crazy. 

And the worst part was that they were so firm and round, not really sagging despite their size. Pale white skin, no veins showing through like most hugely breasted women, no beauty marks or pimples; only a light spattering of very pale freckles above them. But somehow the freckles only made Anny's breasts stand out even more. They were like a permanent shadow, curved perfectly around so as to create the illusion of a faint, constant cleavage. And her nipples looked positively delicious: large but not disproportionate, a nice pink color, the aureoles prolonging the breasts' natural curve and the nipples themselves being large and firm. 

Damn it! Even when Anny was on her back her breasts stood out! Not like fake breasts, they were much to heavy for that, but they were not sliding all the way to her sides either. When Jesse looked at her own breasts, now also uncovered, she sighed: they were decently sized, as she filled a C-cup bra easily, but they were nowhere near as firm as Anny's. They looked too soft, and she thought they were spaced too widely. She didn't understand why Anny thought that they were beautiful, didn't realize what she had to do to *make* them beautiful. 

When Anny opened her eyes slowly, she saw that Jesse was staring at her breasts. Jesse smiled, and with that often surprising boldness said:

"You're breasts are incredible Anny. I'd kill to have my breasts look like that!"

"Thanks Jesse." Anny smiled, reaching for her friend's hand. 

"No, I mean it! I'm going to kill you!"

And as Jesse jumped on her friend to tickle her to death, the poor Anny tried to wake up as fast as she could before she was forced to surrender. A few minutes later they stopped, breathless and flushed. Anny looked at her disheveled friend, at those long black locks of hair, and it was her turn to be envious. 

"You know I think you have nice breasts Jesse... No, don't argue, I don't want to get into that this morning... But do you know what I'd do to get hairs like yours? Even now when they're completely wild?"

"What?"

"Well, if we killed the same guy to get what we want, we'd look a lot like each other!" The girls laughed. "But forget about your hair and my breasts—"

"Easy for you to say! You don't have those two monsters pointing at you all day long!"

"Hey!" Anny giggled. "They're not monsters... And if you don't stop I'm not going to wear anything to cover them today!"

"Is that a dare Anny? You think you're up to that?"

Anny got up from the bed: "Damn right I am!" then she turned and left the room. From the hall way she called: "Want some breakfast?"

And with that Jesse got up and followed her friend, wearing nothing but her panties herself. They sat at the small table in the kitchen, in nearly full view of the street. A lucky passerby could have seen two beautiful topless girls eating their breakfast. As it happens, three guys did see them, one staying boldly longer than the others, in the rain, without either girl realizing it. 

After eating, Jesse went back to her room and took her elastic. When Anny saw her she grabbed it quickly and said: "If I'm going to go around topless, you won't be tying those hairs up!" Jesse smiled and nodded. What a strange day this was going to be! They were now sitting in the living room couch, staring at the rain outside. Jesse asked the obvious:

"What are we going to do today? Feel like going shopping?"

"Topless?" Anny replied, a naughty smile on her face.

"No! Ok then, what else can we do here that we haven't done too much already? Do you feel like painting today?"

"Not really. You?"

"Nope." Jesse paused, then had an idea that made her smile. "Wanna spend the day at the Anny & Jesse beauty spa?"

Anny laughed, remembering those few times they had played at being spa owners. The first time had been when they were 14 years old, using Anny's mother's stuff. They had spent the day trying on various creams and masks, shaving each other's legs, taking too many baths together and trying infinite variations of hair styles. They had done it a few more times, and both girls had really fond memories of those days. 

"Sure, " Anny replied. "As long as you don't charge me too much to untangle my curly hair!"
