 I can't believe that I'm celebrating the 20th anniversary of being Andrea's neighbor. It's not something typically celebrated. It is nice to have a neighbor for a long period of time, but since we've been such close neighbors, a celebration of 20 years of coffee together in the morning is so fitting and so precisely correct for us. 

It was that long ago that Andrea moved next door to us with her husband Paul and their daughter. It was perfect since their daughter was the same age as our daughter and they would be going to school together. They would be in the same class and ride the same bus to school. Having next-door neighbors ride the bus was extra convenient since it guaranteed that the bus would stop at the end of our driveway, making the trip to the bus stop as short as possible. Gathering at the bus stop each morning provided the opportunity to get to know Andrea a few minutes at a time. 

Since I am a real estate agent, my schedule is generally pretty flexible in the morning. I could leisurely hang out at the bus stop after getting the kids ready, taking a cup of coffee out to the curbside. Andrea has the same flexibility; she is a local attorney, working in the family office doing fairly easy work. Some property transactions, wills, simple contracts, etc. were her main business items. Very little is ever so pressing that it kept her from having a similarly leisurely morning. While time has passed and our children are grown, we've continued to have the ease of no time pressures on most days. 

So, it was over those morning chats 20 years ago that we got to know each other. As the school year started, we would all gather on the curb. Our daughters talked and quickly becoming friends, Andrea and I sipping our coffee and similarly building a friendship. We talked about the other neighbors, cooking dinner, occasionally there would be a work topic and we would share complaints about some other real estate agent or attorney involved in property transactions. Nothing like a little professional gossip over morning coffee with the chance to complain about those crazies that we dealt with every day. 

In the middle of the second week of school, all the parents received an invitation to an "end of summer, get to know the other parents" dance at school. While the school thought they were doing us all a favor by giving us an evening out from the kids, I actually believed the real purpose of the evening was to give all the high school kids a baby-sitting assignment. There were usually enough good babysitters to go around, but on the nights when everyone needed somebody, most had to go to their second or third choices if they didn't call quickly enough. The day after we received the invitation, I commented to Andrea that I'd need to find a dress for the evening but that I'd been quick enough to line up my favorite babysitter as soon as I saw the announcement.

As we were talking about the dance, our daughters asked if they could have a sleep-over sometime soon. Andrea and I immediately agreed to that idea, proposing the Saturday evening of the big dance. Andrea's concern about finding a babysitter on this side of town was immediately addressed. In return for sharing my babysitter, she offered to share one of her dresses. She told me that she had too many dresses for events like this and couldn't wear them all to this dance. 

I'd never done more that take a quick glance at Andrea's body as the attractive women moving in next door. As she suggested sharing a dress, I took another look, thinking about imagining how our bodies compared to gauge if I could wear one of her dresses. As I looked at her body, I was suddenly struck by her breasts, something that had never happened as we had spoken on any previous day. She wasn't wearing a bra. I'd never noticed that she would be bra-less at our morning bus stop gatherings, but this day, I saw that. I didn't know if it was just that this was the first time I'd noticed or if she generally was dressed that way. As I thought about it, I just assumed that she had gotten dressed a little more quickly than usual in needing to get her daughter ready for school. I also wondered what kind of pervert I had become, noticing that another woman wasn't wearing a bra. 

But, more importantly, it did give me a good look at her chest and upper body. Her body was similarly sized to mine, so borrowing a dress just might work. All I'd need to navigate was the potential that our taste in dresses was so different that I'd have to decline the offer and be embarrassed to tell her I didn't like any of her dresses. 

I couldn't stop focusing on her bra-less chest. Once I had it in my mind, it was all I could think about as we talked. Did she do that on purpose? Why would she do that, I'd never looked at her chest before so why was she showing it off to me. Was she showing it off to me? I'd never been attracted to women. I had no such experience in my entire life and her I was, fixated on another woman's body. 

Luckily, the bus came and loading up the kids changed my focus. No longer was I worried about Andrea, I was worried about my daughter leaving her lunch on the curb. They climbed aboard the bus. The driver gave his usual morning greetings to us as we reminded him to drive carefully, as if the thought had never occurred to him before that moment. As he did every morning, he assured us that he would be careful and wished us a good day. Amid the usual shouts of see you soon, the bus doors closed and the kids headed off to school, leaving Andrea and I standing along at the curb. With a smile, she turned to me and said that she would make a fresh pot of coffee for us to enjoy as I went dress shopping in her closet. I told her that I would be right over.  

I went into my house for a moment to clear my head. I also hoped that she would use the time before I went over to put on a bra so that I wouldn't be tempted to embarrass myself by staring at her breasts. I couldn't imagine what I was doing, looking at her like a teenage boy who had never seen a woman's breasts before. I most certainly knew what my own looked like and I'd seen many women topless in the locker room at the fitness center. But, as I thought about going and sitting with Andrea having coffee and then looking at her dresses, I didn't need to look at her that way. 

I walked over to her house and knocked on the outer screen door. I heard her yell for me to come in, that she was in the kitchen still working on making the coffee. I went in through the living room and into the kitchen. I had to suppress a gasp when I looked at Andrea. Not only had she not put on a bra under her shirt, she had taken off the warm-up suit jacket she had been wearing. Her bra-less look was now more pronounced. Her sleeveless t-shirt was not so thin that her breasts were fully visible, but the thin fabric showed off her chest quite well. The outlines of nipples showed somewhat as the nipple tips pressed against the fabric. I had felt like a young boy staring before and now I was wondering how I could keep from looking like a horny teenager getting his first eyeful. 

Andrea was very nonchalant about how she was exposing herself to me. I tried not to look, but she was giving me an eyeful. I'd never felt that familiar stirring of arousal due to another woman before, but I was feeling a bit of a tinge that morning. As she finished making the coffee and turned to me again, she walked to me and put her hand on my arm. She thanked me for coming over and making her feel so welcome in the neighborhood. She told me how good it made her feel that I would consider borrowing a dress, just having a neighbor and friend come over was great. She told me that I didn't need to worry about liking the dresses, her feelings wouldn't be hurt if I didn't want to get into her clothes. All I could think of was that expression. For some reason, I was feeling something that I'd never felt. I wanted to get into the clothes she was wearing, not even considering what was in her closet. My mind was so confused. I was happily married. Happily satisfied with my sex life...a life filled by my husband. A man. Not a woman. 

I thought to myself; focus on the coffee, the conversation, not her breasts. Of course, the more I thought of not looking at her breasts, the more I looked. She poured us both coffees. She told me that she liked her coffee creamy and asked how I liked mine. What a question. There wasn't an easy answer. All I could tell her was that yes that sounded good to me also. 

She sat on the sofa in the family room, coffee in hand. She crossed her legs and the gym shorts she was wearing rode up her legs, showing off her toned thighs. Oh great, I thought to myself, now I have her legs to look at also. As we sipped our coffee, she asked what kind of dresses I liked. We talked about the summer dresses that would be good for an early September dance as I assumed that she'd go to her closet and bring me a few to take home to try on before deciding. Then she stood up and said that we should go to her bedroom to see the dresses so that I could choose one, or decide that I needed to go shopping. 

I nervously followed her to her bedroom. I was beginning to wonder what she was thinking. Did she notice my glances at her body? What did she think of that behavior? As I thought about it, I was certain that she hadn't noticed. If she had, why invite me to her bedroom. Why invite a woman staring at her body up to her private quarters. But, just like me, she was happily married with a husband to attend to her needs as she attended to his needs. 

Hanging over the edge of the closet were several dresses. "These are the dresses that I could most picture you wearing, so I set them out. Here, start with this dress." She handed me a dress and I looked around, thinking about where to go to undress and put on this dress, perhaps the adjoining bathroom. As I hesitated she said, "It is just us girls here, you can change in front of me. I don't mind." I knew that I couldn't decline and excuse myself so I pulled off my shirt and lowered my shorts, setting them on the chair. I slipped on the dress as quickly as possible, not wanted to show her my panties and bra too much. The dress looked great and fit perfectly. I was so relieved that I could accept the first dress, not having to undress too many more times. 

But, Andrea would hear nothing of that. Try them all on or you won't know which you like best, maybe one of the others would be better. So, off came the first dress. I stood there semi-naked as she took that dress, put it back on the hanger and then handed me a second to try. While it fit well and looked good, we both agreed that dress number one was better. Then the third dress was handed to me. As I stood there in my bra and panties, I looked at it. It was a halter dress. No way would it look right over my bra. Embarrassed at what I was feeling, I put it on over my bra. I looked in the mirror as Andrea began to laugh, "This one is meant to be worn without a bra, and it has one built in. It won't look right over a bra." She reached behind me and unhooked my bra. I pulled it off, trying to be discreet. Trying not to give Andrea a look. 

The dress fit perfectly once I had my bra off. It held me just right showing a bit of cleavage but not too much for a parents dance. The length showed some leg, but not too much. The cut was just right. I thought of how much my husband would like it. I knew that it was the kind of dress that would keep his attention all night, both at the dance and certainly after we got home. We agreed that this would be the dress for Saturday. I was tempted to keep it on, to wear it home rather than having to undress again. 

Then Andrea reached behind me and unzipped the dress. OK, let's get it hung up and get back to a second cup of coffee. I slipped the halter over my head and stepped out of the dress. I stood there in just my panties as she took the dress from me. I expected her to put it back on the hanger and give me a chance to get dressed. Instead, her arm was on my side. She tossed the dress to the chair and told me how good I looked. She was close to me as I told her that I wasn't that kind of a woman, that I wasn't into women. Her reply was quick, she'd seen me looking at her, seen my interest in her body. She told me that she was very interested in my body. "But you're married" I stammered. "So are you. Married, but interested." was her reply. I started to object, "but I've never..." as she cut me off with a kiss. Her arm on my back. Our lips met and we kissed. I tried to say it again, "but I've never..." She told me that there is always a first time for everything. That it didn't mean I couldn't go home to my husband. Having a coffee friend was OK, and she wanted to be my coffee friend. As she kissed me again, I felt her hand on my bare breast. I wanted to resist, to go home, but I couldn't. All I could do was kiss her back and then I did what I had been thinking while trying not to think it. I slipped my hand up her shirt and cupped her breast in my hand as we kissed. I massaged her soft mound and felt her hard nipple. Our kisses became more and more intense as we continued. Then she stepped back from me and pulled her shirt over head, revealing her sweet breasts. She gave me a full hug and for the first time I felt another woman's breasts tightly against mine. 

She stepped back again and pushed her shorts to the floor, leaving only her panties as she took my hand and led me to the bed. We kissed again next to the bed, our hot bodies pressing together tightly. Her mouth covered mine as I wondered what I was doing. When I had gotten out of bed that morning, I was totally into men...totally into my husband and having him in me but now I was with a woman and enjoying it greatly as she kissed me deeply and her hands slide into my panties, massaging my ass and pulling our pussies together. I felt her kneel in front of me, pushing my panties to the floor. I was now naked in front of her when only moments before, I was afraid she would catch a glimpse of my breasts. 

She stood up and pushed her own panties to the floor. She stepped out of them and we were both naked next to her bed. I could feel the juices of my incredible arousal filling my pussy as she kissed me. Andrea lowered me to the bed, pushing me onto my back in the middle of the bed. She slide her arms under my legs, extending them to toward the ceiling and over her shoulders as she joined me in the bed. Kneeling at the foot of the bed, her mouth moved to my pussy. I felt her hot breath on me as she kissed my aroused pussy. Her mouth met my pussy lips as she kissed, as she licked me. As she tasted my arousal. Her hands massaged my breasts as her lips parted my pussy lips, allowing her tongue to meet my aroused clit, swollen with the arousal from her kisses. I was dripping in anticipation of what she would do to me. I felt her tongue begin to circle my clit, licking around and around, licking up and down. My moans of pleasure filled the room as she sucked my clit in her mouth. I could feel the pleasure building in me. I could feel her mouth as she massaged my swollen, aroused clit. A hand moved from my breast and her fingers easily penetrated my juice filled opening. Her fingers massaged me inside while her mouth massaged my pussy and clit from the outside. Suddenly my body began to quiver and shake as my orgasm filled me with total pleasure. My moans turned to screams as she took me to heights of arousal I had never known. Her mouth greedily licked up my juices as they flowed from my orgasm...as my pussy felt total pleasure. 

At some point, she released me pussy from the grip of her lips and pulled her fingers from inside me. I was panting as my body tried to recover from the pleasure I had just felt. I couldn't talk as she looked at me with a smile on her face, wet and shiny with the cream of my orgasm. She moved up on my body and kissed me, spreading the taste of my orgasm on my lips. 

She looked at me and asked if that was what I was thinking of while staring at her breasts all morning. Was I thinking of the pleasure she would give me. I told her I didn't know why I was staring at her breasts, but I was glad that I had. She smiled and told me she was glad that I'd picked up her hint. She hadn't worn a bra to see how I would react and I'd done exactly what she'd hoped for. 

She looked at me and told me that it was her turn. It took me a second to realize what she meant. It was her turn for pleasure, her turn for me to learn to pleasure her body. I slide down her body. My lips found her breasts, I had to suck her nipples, lick them, and feel them. I played with her chest my hands and mouth. I'd stared at her and now I could explore what I had seen with my fingers and mouth. Her nipples hardened to my kisses. My tongue flicked and licked her points. I was enjoying sucking her fantastic breasts as much as she was enjoying me sucking her. Then I slide down her body, unsure of what to do, how to pleasure her...how to please her aroused and wet pussy. 

As my mouth found her pussy, my fingers spread her lips so that I could kiss her aroused inner pink flesh. She was so wet, so aroused, so wonderful to lick and suck. I didn't know what to do but then I thought, just do to her what would pleasure my own pussy, what would please me. I licked and sucked her. Kissed her aroused swollen, wet clit and sucked it into my mouth. I knew that I was pleasuring her by the moans that filled the room. She was becoming louder and louder as I sucked and licked her harder and deeper, filling her drenched pussy with my kisses. I pushed my fingers into her pussy. Pressed to find the most sensitive spots as her moans got louder and louder. I felt her hips push up to my face as her moans turned to screams and her body tensed. I fingered her hard as I sucked her orgasmic clit while she yelled in pleasure. 

I pulled my fingers from her pussy as her body fell back to the bed, her breathing as hard and labored as mine had been when I'd felt the same orgasmic delight. Andrea's orgasm had ignited my passion once again. I could feel the juices of arousal filling my pussy. I couldn't believe that only a short while before I was certain that I'd never have passion with a woman, that I was only noticing another woman, not lusting after her. Now, I was lusting after Andrea and lusting for the delights she could bring me. I crawled over the top of her, lowering my dripping pussy onto her mouth as I once again began to lick the sweet nectar of her orgasm from her pussy. I pushed my opening onto her mouth, the juices of my passion smearing onto her face as her tongue reached forward to receive me, as her mouth opened to suck in my rigid clit, aroused from the heat of our passion. I ground my pussy onto her face as she sucked and licked. I pushed my tongue deep into her dripping pussy to savor the sweetness of her arousal. 

As we licked and sucked each other, I felt the building climax within me. I felt the growing arousal of my hot and juicy pussy as I ground it into her sucking and licking mouth. I pulled on her pussy lips with my lips, sucking and licking to savor all of her juices. As I slipped my fingers into her, I felt her back arch up once again as her climax filled her body. The ripples of satisfaction filling Andrea's body as I felt myself reach the climax of my arousal as waves of orgasm rippled through my body.

We fell onto the bed. Both fully and completely satisfied from the session we'd enjoy. As we caught our breath, Andrea finally spoke first. "Do you think that dress will be good enough for Saturday, or should we try on some more dresses before then?" I smiled as I assured her that one can never be too thorough in exploring all available alternatives.