 The silver specked blue ball slid down the lane, its clockwise spin whirling over the glossy finish of the wood and oil until just past half way down the alley, then, like a perfectly honed knife it began to slice, turning away from the gutter and careening toward the sweet spot between the first and third pin. Well before the ball touched a single pin everyone knew it was going to be a strike. Even the sound was perfect as the mass of pins seemed to shatter into a million pieces, all bouncing, spinning and tumbling into the dark pit behind the machinery. 

From that first ball the outcome of the match was pretty much assured, so after a quick glance at her opponent to savor the bead of sweat forming on his forehead, Renee looked over at his girlfriend sitting nervously in the pit. She felt a slight tingle between her legs as she sat down and entered her score. The bright X that lit up on the overhead scoreboard would be the first of many that night.

After a short wait, her opponent finished his frame and she stood up complimenting his performance, "Good spare, that third pin is always tough."

He nodded, glanced guiltily at his girlfriend and slipped into his seat to mark his score. Once the scoring was finished Renee grabbed her ball, ran her cloth over it to wipe off any excess oil and then moved into position. Concentrating on her mark, she glided forward, swung the ball along her side, snapping her wrist at the point of release and slid into the perfect stance with her right hand held high and her right leg kicked behind and across her body.

Once again the ball slid down spinning in the oil, before gripping the wooden lane and turning quickly to the left. It careened into the sweet spot with a force that drove one of the pins against the wall so hard it whirly-birded across the lane knocking down everything in its path. Renee returned to her seat and marked a second X on her scorecard. She then watched her opponent grab his ball and move into position.

Renee watched closely as he moved forward, swung the ball past his body and flicked his wrist spinning the ball down the lane. She had hoped he would at least give her some competition, but was quickly disappointed as she saw how far his timing was off. The ball slid through the oil, gripped the wood and then turned left, hitting the first pin head on.

As her opponent began lining up his attempt at the seven-ten split Renee stole a glance at his girlfriend. Her hair was nice, with long, full curves that cascaded down onto her small shoulders. The woman left the top three buttons of her blouse unbuttoned showing a bit of cleavage. Her breasts were small, but nicely rounded and well proportioned for the rest of her body. Renee glanced up, met her eyes and quickly glanced away. In a moment she looked back and this time held the woman's curious gaze.

Renee felt another tingle shoot through her body as she realized the woman was looking her over. Initially shy, the woman now seemed more curious than timid. Turning her attention back to the match, she noticed that her opponent rolled his ball into the gutter trying to pick up that nearly impossible spare. Standing up from her chair she said, "Nice try, that one's impossible." Confidently grabbing and wiping off her ball, Renee lined up her shot, moved forward and spun the ball down the lane, watching it slice off course leaving four pins standing.

"Damn," she thought, seeing a glimmer of hope in her opponent's smile. She picked up her green ball and quickly rolled it straight down the lane easily picking up her spare. Slipping back into her chair, she marked her score and concentrated on her opponent as he confidently knocked down all the pins.

"Nice shot," she said, standing up from her seat.

"Thanks, I finally got it down. You better watch out now."

Renee did watch out bowling strikes in the next five frames before leaving one pin wobbling in the corner. After the easy spare, she hit another several strikes beating her opponent by over seventy points. She shook his hand and then stepped over to his girlfriend, reaching out her hand and saying, "I guess we should introduce ourselves, I'm Renee."

The woman stood up, took Renee's hand and said, "I'm Cathy."

Turning back to her opponent she said, "Well, I guess Cathy and I will be leaving for a while."

"I guess so, I would never have believed someone like you could bowl that good," he replied, "You just don't seem, ah, it's just that..."

"You thought all good women bowlers would be big and masculine?"

"Yeah, I guess, I just never figured you'd have what it takes to beat me."

"Well, if you don't mind I think I'll take Cathy..."

"Where are you going?"

"I have a place nearby," she replied nodding her head toward the door, "Afterward I'll bring her back here. I mean I did win fair and square."

He nodded, "Fair and square, I just wonder if you have what it takes now."

"Only one way to find out," Renee replied, reaching out her hand to Cathy. When Cathy took her hand, Renee began walking to the door, but after a few steps she said, "Cathy, I don't want you to feel forced here, I mean you don't have to do this."

"But you won."

"Look, I beat most of the guys here, but I can't make the women do this."

"But this will teach him a lesson."

"That it will, but we can just go out for a drink if you like," Renee whispered.

"No, no, I've been thinking about it while you bowled, and well, I've always wondered what it would be like with another woman."

"So you've never?"

"No," she shook her head, her face turning a bit red. "How often have you gone home with women here?"

"Oh you mean after betting with their boyfriends?"

She nodded.

"Well, like I told you, I usually win, but to be honest I've only actually left with a woman once before."

"What was it like?"

"It was a little odd, but it was nice. Now she did go back with her boyfriend, but he did seem to show her a bit more respect afterwards. At least that's how it looked to me when I saw them here."

"Renee, why don't you show me your place," Cathy said, heading toward the door and tugging lightly on Renee's hand. Renee glanced back at her opponent, and the followed his girlfriend out of the bowling alley and into the parking lot.

"It's that Chevy Malibu over there," Renee said. When they got to the car she opened the door for Cathy and the walked around to the driver's side. After climbing in she buckled her seatbelt, but before starting the car, she leaned over toward Cathy, tilting her head slightly and lightly touched her lips, letting her tongue slip into Cathy's mouth. Cathy immediately responded, reaching her hand up and touching Renee's face as she kissed her.

After a few moments they slowly pulled apart and Renee whispered, "That was kind of a quick test."

"Did we pass?" Cathy asked.

Taking a deep breath, Renee replied, "Yes, I believe we did." She started the car, backed out of her parking space and headed to her apartment. Fortunately it wasn't a far drive. While both women had seemed at ease while still at the bowling alley, they now felt a bit nervous.

When they reached Renee's apartment, Cathy leaned over and kissed Renee again, this time she pressed her tongue into Renee's mouth, toying with Renee's tongue as her hand gently slid to her breast. Running her palm over the woman's breasts she felt a moist tingling between her legs. Now she was ready to go.

They walked hand in hand to the apartment where Renee quickly unlocked her door and they stepped inside. Setting her purse down Renee turned to Cathy and asked "Would you like a glass of wine?"

Cathy shook her head, "No," and then seemed to leap at Renee, immediately wrapping her arms around her, and pulling her tight, their breasts crushing between them. Cathy kissed at her lover wildly, her tongue sliding into and out of her mouth, then trailing down her neck as she began unbuttoning the more experienced woman's blouse.

Overwhelmed at Cathy's exuberance, Renee let herself enjoy the woman's advances as she began undressing her lover, slowly backing toward the bedroom. By the time they reached the bed, both were removing the last of their clothing. By this time Cathy had slowed down a bit, and was very willing when Renee took over, easing her onto the bed and moving down between her legs.

Cathy had experienced cunnilingus before, her boyfriend had gotten fairly proficient at it and she pretty much came whenever he went down on her. She was still nervous doing this with a woman, but the nervousness and the newness of it had her very wet and ready to go, so when Renee slowly began kissing up her thighs each touch felt electric.

Unlike her boyfriend, who always went straight for her clit, Renee was taking her time, letting her lips, her tongue and her warm breath, move up Cathy's thighs, so by the time the woman's lips first touched her pussy, Cathy gasped with delight. She felt Renee's tongue dart into her several times and then heard her mumble, "So wet, oh yes, so wet."

The Cathy felt the incredible sensations run up to her clit where once again, her lover's lips, tongue, teeth and breath simply drove her crazy. The woman seemed instinctively to know exactly when she wanted it firm, and when a soft touch was needed. In no time Cathy felt the sensations building as she felt her muscles tighten and she reached down and ran her fingers though Renee's hair as Renee gave her the most incredible orgasm she had ever experienced.

Just as her pussy began convulsing in ecstasy, the woman's fingers slid into her, moving so perfectly, in, out and around. All Cathy could do was arch her back and feel what Renee did to her, as she came again and again. Finally she had to push her head away and roll over onto her side as she gasped for breath. "No more, no more, or I'll just melt away here."

Renee moved up and wrapped her arms around Cathy, letting her tremble and then begin to cry in her arms. "I never knew," Cathy, "I never knew it could be like this."

"Yes, it's this and so much more. And guess what, it doesn't all end when your partner comes, flooding you or covering you with his, whatever you want to call it. It can go on and on."

"You know, that does sound intriguing," Cathy replied, leaning over and kissing Renee, first on the mouth and then down her neck to her breasts as she gently pushed the woman onto her back. Sucking her nipples into her mouth, her whole body tingled as she traveled this familiar, but oh so different terrain. Moving downward through the curly pubic hair she breathed an entirely different scent than she had experienced before, and when she sucked Renee's clit into her mouth, she loved the fact that, although Renee was pressing against her mouth, she wasn't gagged, she was in complete control.

Moving from her lover's clit, she dipped down to her opening and tasted her, pushing her tongue in and around her pussy. Although Renee was very wet and the taste enveloped Cathy, once again she wasn't choked by it, it didn't crash upon her in waves, instead, the tangy flavor seemed to ripple over her tongue, so gentle, so soft, so... so feminine. She returned to the clit and tried to do what she remembered Renee doing, tried to make Renee feel like she did when she came.

Renee moaned loudly and squealed out, "Oh yes, yes."

Cathy quickly slipped two fingers into the wet opening and kept them there as the warm, wet flesh quivered around her, squeezing her again and again. Only as the contractions subsided did she let her fingers slip out. Then she glanced up at Renee's face and asked, "How did I do?"

Renee smiled then reached down and pulled Cathy on top of her wildly kissing her all over her face. "You were good, too good. You can't tell me you haven't been with a woman before."

Shaking her head side to side Cathy said, "No, this is my first girl-girl thing."

"Thing?" Renee asked, smiling.

"Well more than a thing, I mean we didn't fuck, that's simply too crude to describe it."

"Made love?"

Cathy nodded, "Yes, made love."

"And now?"

"Now?"

"You're boyfriend, at the bowling alley. We better get up here," Renee said, sitting up and looking around the room for her clothes.

"I better call him," Cathy said, getting up from the bed and walking out of the bedroom. She returned noticing how Renee looked at her. "Hey Cal, look why don't you go on home, I'll call you in the morning. -- Yeah, it's late and ah, just let me call you okay? -- Okay bye." She folded her phone and looked over at Renee, "I'd like to spend the night if it's okay with you. I mean you said something about it going on and on..."

Renee rolled to the edge of the bed, reached out, grabbed Cathy's hand and pulled her into the bed. Straddling Cathy's thigh, Renee rose up on her knees and slowly began grinding her pussy. "On and on," Renee repeated, her fingers sliding to Cathy's pussy and gently slipping inside.