 Tadd had to leave and go back to Dallas to work later in the month; I had let him keep his novelties (his graffiti on that certain area), until then. I actually was really enjoying all the time he spent making my area so smooth, and I kind of liked the little "script" of his name on that bare naked skin down there. He did agree that I could wash it off after he left, but I knew it was going to take a little while before it was gone. I hope you have read part one, because I just wanted to continue on.

I was really down the next week as I realized Tadd was gone for almost a month. I was so use to him being there, it was really a let down. I had decided to just do my work and maybe the time would just go by, not the case. I kept seeing my neighbors, and it would make me turn "red" I know. I don't know why it embarrassed me more for my neighbor's wife walking by me than it did to see the man that actually saw me naked. 

I had been helping a girl (Ry) that worked where I do at a bank, she is actually a Girl Friday for me, she does errands and answer calls for me. I work as a loan officer at the bank, and business was not really peaking right at the minute. She is a very pretty girl, she is very tall, 6'1", and she has a nicer figure than I do, I am 5'9". She has like a 36C, and I am barely a 34B, she probably weighs about 150, and I weigh 135, I have stronger legs than she does in that I was a four year varsity volleyball player in college. She played basketball and volleyball in high school, but she did not want to go to college when she first got out, she liked to ski, and wanted to relax and enjoy life for a bit. She was 21 now, and working with the bank here, I was her boss, and I had just turned 30 a couple months before. 

She and I had become friends, and we would go to lunch together. We had started working out at the local recreation center together, around about my birthday, which was a couple months before Tadd's. She had been dating a guy that she was really into, but one night they had a bad argument, and I am not sure what happened, but he got violent. He poked her, and beat on her, I got a call from the Emergency Room, and I went to the hospital to see her that night. 

The police said they had caught him leaving town and put him in jail. The investigating officer met with me in the hall when I walked in to see her. The police officer told me they needed my help in convincing her to file charges against her boyfriend, as he had done this once before to another girl in Denver. She had not filed charges and so he walked. 

I was wondering how I got in the middle of this, and I ask if I could see her first, I was not sure what I could do, we were friends, but not to the point that I could convince her to do what was right.

I entered the room, and I was dumb struck, both her eyes were swelled and blackish blue, and she had a cut lip. Her nose had cotton in it, she looked like she had went 3 rounds with the Tasmanian Devil. I went over to her, and I had to hug her, but she was so sore I just lightly hugged her and patted her. 

She told me she was sorry, but she had no one to call right here, her Mom would come and get her and take her home to Denver, but that would mean she had to move back to Denver. 

She wanted to recoup and go back to work if possible; she did not want to call her mom. She really did not want her mom to even know about it. 

I told her I would do what I could, and I said I wanted her to stay with me for a few days when she got out, until she was better. I was actually thinking it was neat to have her feel she could ask me to help her. I told her she did need to press charges against him though, so he did not do this to someone else. I told her she should do it for all the other young girls it would protect.

She finally agreed.

It gave me a great feeling to think I helped.

I gave her the rest of the week off from work, and told her to just stay at my place and relax and not worry about her job, I would tell the bank president that I had okayed her leave, and that she was recuperating from an accident. 

I had told him that it was an accident on her bicycle, and she would be fine, just bruised. Nice thing about being young and fit is you do recoup really fast. 

The next week, with the aide of a little makeup, it was almost impossible to see that she had been beaten. She and I became even closer, but it was more like I was her stand in mother, and not her best friend. I actually got to like the feeling, it was fun, and it made me forget that Tadd was gone right now. We got back to our everyday jobs and then working out at the "rec" center afterwards.

I had been having fun with Tadd, celebrating his birthday, everything was going great. Then he had to go back to Dallas, and was going to be gone that whole month. The Friday after he left, we were both at the rec center that night after work. We had a great workout, we liked to exercise every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, and so we had completed the week.

We have assigned locker there, where we keep our workout cloths, and Ry's locker and mine are right next to each other. We have private shower rooms where you go to shower and dress, not really anyone running around naked in the room there, where the lockers are. Once in a while you see someone just strip off and go shower, but not very usual. I had taken my cloths, and my towel and things to one of the shower cubicles. I was already naked and getting ready to shower when I found I had forgotten my hair rinse. I thought no problem; I wrapped my towel around my body, and went to my locker. 

Ry was sitting on the bench in front of our lockers, talking to her mother on the cell phone. I reached into my locker and grabbed my hair rinse, but some how I dropped it. It was plastic so no big problem, I bent down to pick it up, and somehow when I stood up my towel fell, or caught and was pulled off, not sure what. There I stood, right in front of Ry, bare naked, and "bare bare" also, I was so embarrassed, it was the first time anyone but Tadd saw that I was shaved totally bare thanks to him and his birthday, it was also the fact that his graffiti was staring right at her. 

I grabbed my towel and run to the shower, I was so embarrassed. Tadd was also going to get a cussing when I talked to him. How could I explain this, maybe she would just go on home and leave me there. I stayed for a long time in the shower, wishing I never had to come out, if I could, I would have just washed myself down the drain.

I finally got water logged, and I got out and dressed. Ry was waiting for me, in the lobby. She asked if I drowned, but she also acted like she was mad at me or really worried about something. I could tell she was really upset, why, what had I done? Ry ask if we could go get a drink and talk, I thought that might be a good idea, I was still not sure why she was so upset. 

We went to the Pub, and we both ordered Captain and Coke, and the waitress brought them to us. Ry looked at me and said "Is Tadd blackmailing you?" 

I said "What". 

She went on to ask, why he wanted to control me.

I was still not sure what she meant. 

She said she saw he had me branded, and thought it was horrible he would do that. 

I laughed; I had to tell her it was not permanent, and that he did it on his birthday. I had to tell her how he had asked me to try the bare style, and how I had wrapped up the stuff to do it with and give him the present on his birthday, letting him perform the task himself. I told her how he had spent a long time worshipping the new style, and I passed out from one of the biggest orgasms I had ever had. 

She then ask "why," 

I said it was kinky I know, but he had found my marker laying on the night table beside the bed, it was a laundry marker and it was what I usually marked my towels and stuff that I brought to the rec center.

"But why did he do it?" she asked. 

I said Tadd can sometimes be a little devilish, and he was being an "Imp" I guess. She seems to relax, and it was nice to see her laugh and smile. I told her that he actually ask me again when we were playing that night if it was okay if he did shave me. If I had decided not to, he would have stopped. So when he wrote on me, I could not really be that mad, it is hard to stay mad at him.

She got a gleam in her eye, and she said "I wonder what the people at work would say if they knew about this." 

I said "No way, you can't tell anyone, it is embarrassing that you know, but it would be too much if that happened." I was getting worried, surely she would not tell them, would she? 

We decided we had better go before we had a third drink and neither of us could drive. I told her I had some Captain at home, and some Coke (as in soda, I don't do drugs). She only lives two blocks away, so it would be no problem for her to walk home later.

Some how the third drink turned into maybe six or so. Not feeling any pain, we sat around talking and she told me a lot about what had happened with her and her boyfriend. Somehow the subject comes back to my graffiti and she asks if that was the first time I was shaved myself bare down there. 

I told her it was a first for me, as it was Tadd's present for his birthday. 

She said "Oh that's right; you told me that before." she said "She had thought about trying it, but she had not done it, she now was not attached so there was no reason to do it now for a while she guessed. She asked what it was like, alcohol makes for braver questions. 

I ask her what she meant, "what's it like?" I told her I thought I really liked it, it definitely changed the way things felt when I touched it, or when someone else did also. I told her the graffiti was coming off, but I may keep it bare for a while. I told her it was not in a place you could just scrub it off very easy. It was very interesting to feel my panties rubbing on the bare area, and it was a little shocking at first to wake up in the night with my hand down there and feel only skin

She giggled, and we had another drink. 

She then really shocked me, she asked if she could see it again, she said she just got a glimpse at it; she wanted to see it for herself, not with me grabbing my towel and running for the shower. 

Why, I don't know, I decided what the heck, and I opened my pants and slid them down a little, just keeping my clit and things covered, but letting her see my naked mound. 

She said she liked my tan lines, as I had been tanning in my small suit this summer, she then reached out and touched it, and I jumped back and fell on the floor with my pants tangled on my legs. I was laughing so hard, I am such a klutz. I got back up, pulling my pants back up and she was laughing also. 

She said she had a much better view at the locker room as I was naked; she dared me to get naked. 

Damn it, one thing Tadd knows is that I just seem to always do what anyone ever dares me to do, its like I can never say no, I often wonder if someone actually hypnotized me to do whatever I am dared to do. 

I asked her if she was sure. 

She said "She double dog dared me." 

I said you're on, so I stripped off every stitch right there in my own kitchen and let her see my naked body. I then asked her if it was okay to get dressed again. 

She told me she liked seeing me naked, did it bother me? I told her I was okay with it I guessed. She asks if I had ever been naked in a public place. 

I told her about the bet I lost to Tadd the week before. I finally decided I better get dressed, and I grabbed my pants to put on.

She said she was hoping I would stay naked, 

I said, "I would, but only if she joined me, after all she had a very nice body, and I had never seen her naked before, if she wanted me sitting around naked, then she had to join the party." 

She agreed, and so she got just as naked, well almost, she had a nice blond bush, and it was a lot more than I had had even before Tadd removed it. She asked if I was "happy" 

I was shocked, I had not expected her to strip, but what could I do, I had said she had to join the party, and she did, so what could I do, getting dressed seemed to be out of the question at that moment. Tadd would have been in heaven, a naked blond and an equally naked brunette, both with tan lines; he would have laughed and called us both cottontails, as her butt was just as white as mine.

It really was not hard to enjoy her being naked, as she was a very good looking girl, she had very nice breasts, her areolas were about the size of half dollars, and she had the nicest looking nipples in the center of them. I had really small areolas, smaller than a quarter, but nipples that seem to be excited all the time. 

She then said she was glad we were equal now. 

I was laughing and giggled, and said "We aren't equal, if you are going to be truly naked, then you got too much bush." 

She said she had thought about that, if I wanted her more naked then I had to help her do it, I said no problem, and so I went to the bathroom and got my things, razor, scissors, shaving gel, and hair clippers. 

I told her to sit on the table and I pulled up a chair to sit right between her legs, you have to remember this was after five or more drinks. God was she pretty, why was I doing this. I plugged in the clippers and I looked at her and I said "Are you sure?" 

She said" God Yes, but be careful, you might short out your clippers as I am so wet right now thinking about it."

I used the clippers to take most of it off, down to just a 1/4"or less, and then I reached the shaving gel and put a dollop in my hand. I coated the area, and then started laughing again. 

She wanted to know what I was laughing about. 

I told her it was when Tadd did this to me somehow I had bought menthol gel and wrapped in the gift box, it was very tingly.

She said "I bet," 

I then started to scrape the foam, and her stubble away, she kept moving around, and I notice she was beside herself. 

I told her if she did not quit fidgeting, I was going to have an accident, and then I told her it would be embarrassing telling the doctor what had happened and why. 

She managed to make it, and I made sure I got every single hair. I then applied the towel and wiped her bare mound and pussy down. She went and stood in the dining room in front of the floor length mirror and admired my handy work. She was like a kid with a new toy, it was exciting to see her stand there naked as a jaybird, and run her fingers over the freshly smoothed bare mound. She commented "God, I did not know the skin was so soft under that hair, like a baby's bottom." She asked if she could touch mine again.

I said okay, and she had her right hand on mine, and her left hand on her own, she gasp "Were twins, Jaqi."

Her hand touching me was not helping make me any less horny, she was actually driving me crazy. She asks what Tadd did after he made me so bare. 

I was not sure I could tell her, but OH God her fingers were doing wonders, Oh My God, I was so excited. I finally told her that he spent a lot of time afterwards down there with his tongue traveling over the bare lips, then he would take the tip of his tongue and flitter it over my clit, he was sliding my hood back and teasing my clit and then the lips, then back and forth, then back again. 

She told me she wished he was here right now; she would love to have him show her. I was so close, I could not think straight. 

I told her I would show her if she did not stop doing what she was doing to me. I reached a peak right then, I was embarrassed that another girl had made me come. When I recovered from that I reached out and touched her, and told her to get on the table, and let me show her. I copied what I liked that Tadd had done to me, and she was going crazy right away, she was so wet, but it was not bad. I thought it was going to be so gross. It was nice, it was actually better than nice. I looked up into her eyes, she has the prettiest set of green eyes I have seen, and doing what I was doing, and looking up into her eyes was so intoxicating. I had never actually seen another girl's area up this close and personal before. I exposed her clit and danced my tongue over it, and teased it. 

It was so much fun having her squeal with excitement. She would reach a peak, and then I would let up just a little and let her come back down, then I would go again, making her more and more excited each time. 

She began begging me not to stop, and then she was there, it was glorious to watch her body react to this, it was so hot watching her come. 

She then went into like a daze, it was so hot, and she was coming. Then, when she was coherent again, she said that was amazing. 

I told her I might have to share Tadd with her so she could experience it first hand sometime.

She said she thought that might be fun, but she did not know how it could be any better. She got up and went to get her cloths.

I ask what she was doing. 

She said she was going back to her apartment.

I ask if she wouldn't rather cuddle up and stay with me, I did not have anything I had to do tomorrow. 

She just dropped her clothes and reached out a hand, and told me to lead the way. 

I awoke the next morning about 10:30 with a headache, and then I noticed I was not alone, there was someone sleeping beside me, and it felt like a very soft body. I looked and it was Ry, now I remember, I then headed for the bathroom after I was able to untangle myself from her body. I went in and did my business, and I then walked out to find Ry sitting in front of my bedroom mirror, she was looking at her naked pussy, and running her hands over it. 

I ask her if she liked it.

She saw me watching her, and pulled her fingers away. 

I walked over to her, and she got a gleam in her eyes again, she asked what I was doing today. 

I told her that I was probably just going to nurse this hangover and sit around and read a book. 

She asked if she could keep me company. 

I said she was more than welcome, and that now I wanted to take a shower and maybe then make something to eat. 

She asked if she could join me in the shower, I thought it would be fun, and it was.

When we got back in my room, I went to get some cloths, and she got a frown on her face. 

"What" I said. 

She wanted us to stay naked, she liked seeing me naked, and she wanted to have me naked as long as I was willing. 

"Okay, but we can't open the curtain on the balcony, as my neighbor might see us."

She asked if that would really be a problem. 

I had to tell her about getting caught by him, and that he told his wife that he saw me. 

She could not believe he would do that, and she could not believe that his wife had read me the riot act for what I did. 

So there I was completely naked with a completely naked gorgeous blond in my kitchen fixing brunch for us on Saturday. 

After brunch, I went to get a book, but she stopped me, she said she wanted to repay her debt. 

I told her it was not necessary.

She said she thought it was. She held out her hand, and when I placed my hand in hers, she led me to the table where she had set and I had gave her a thorough going over. She patted the table and told me to hop up on the table and to spread those legs so she could have some fun.

I could not think of any reason why I should not do as she told me, so I did just what she said. She started by kissing me, and then licking every square inch of my body, she lightly bit the back of my neck, and she moved down to lick the sides and all of my breasts, she then lightly sucked on each nipple and then she continued on down my body to my belly button, she teased it, and used her tongue to tickle me also, I was so turned on, and so damn ticklish. She then moved farther down my body, to my pussy, but she licked my legs, and the creases next to my pussy, but did not go directly to my pussy. She then licked my bare naked mound, well bare except for "Tadd" wrote on it. She traced the letters with her tongue, and kissed the area around it. 
