 Note: All characters depicted in sexual situations are over 18.



Wendy was a nerdy high school student who had few friends. She had low confidence despite having great looks: shoulder-length blond hair, a beautiful face, brilliant blue eyes, a great body with the right curves at the right places. Despite her mousy look and demeanor, some guys have had hit on her, but she was always too shy to give a good response. Mean girls bullying her and joking about her being a "lezzie" only made matters worse.

Everything began to change when Sarah, a popular member of the high school cheerleader team who dated one of the handsome football team members, approached her one day during visit to the restroom. Wendy had just finished doing her business and was done washing her hands while ignoring Sarah, who was standing to the left side of her, casually doing her makeup. Sarah suddenly spoke out to her with a pleasant smile on her face.

"What's up, Wendy?"

"Umm... Hi, Sarah."

"I'm having a party at my house this weekend. Want to come? It's going to be fun."

Wendy was weary of the invitation and was wondering if Sarah and her friends are pulling a prank on her. At the same moment, she began to notice a strange, wonderful smell. It smelled like exotic perfume, but there was something else in it that she couldn't put a finger on.

"... I have to do homework and study..."

Sarah gave her a reassuring smile and said, "Wendy, life isn't all about work and study. You need to open up and enjoy life more."

Wendy felt that Sarah understood her problem.

"Don't worry Wendy, the party is only going to be with my best friends." Sarah placed a perfectly manicured pink-nailed hand on Wendy's shoulder.

She was unable to detect any guile in Sarah's words and her mind suddenly began to give her thoughts about her finally able to join the "in" group and hang out with the popular crowd.

"The party starts at six at my place on Saturday. Here's the address." Still smiling pleasantly, Sarah handed a pink-colored note card with the address scribbled on it with a sparkly purple marker to Wendy.

"Okay, I'll come." Wendy returned a meek smile as she took the card.

On Saturday, Wendy took public transportation to Sarah's place, which was located in a well-to-do neighborhood of the city. Arriving there about ten minutes early, Wendy walked slowly to the front door of neat-looking house and gave herself a deep breath and exhaling before pressing the doorbell. Moments later the door opened and Sarah appeared to greet and welcome Wendy.

"Hi, Wendy!"

"Hey, Sarah."

Sarah was wearing a shiny blue tube top, tight jeans, light makeup, and had her hair done in a ponytail. Even though Wendy already knew beforehand that Sarah's taste for clothes is always bit on the provocative side, she felt suddenly self-conscious right at that moment. 

Noticing that, Sarah broke the moment of awkwardness, "Come on in Wendy! The party isn't outside on the porch!"

Wendy noticed the classy look of the interior of Sarah's house as she was leading her to the living room. "Everyone, this is Wendy that I've been talking about, and Wendy, this is Melanie, Katherine, and Rebecca." Each of Sarah's close friends greeted Wendy as their names were called. Her friends were similarly dressed in tight, form-fitting clothing.

This wasn't the party that Wendy expected. She thought that there would be more people, and at least some guys, but that was just a small disappointment. At least she's meeting new friends, and popular ones to boot.

Noticing that Wendy was still standing in front of them awkwardly, Sarah sat on a sofa next to Melanie and patted on an empty spot. "Wendy, have a seat. We don't bite!"

There were various food and drinks on the glass table. "Help yourself," Sarah said. They began conversing on various topics such as school, celebrities, their childhoods, and their various interests. The conversation soon shifted on the subject of boys and sex. 

Sarah asked, "So Wendy, do have any guys that you like in school?"

"Umm... No..."

"Are you sure? I'm mean it's perfectly normal to have crush on someone. If you don't, people might think..."

"Well, there's this guy in my chemistry class who I think is... cute."

"See, that wasn't so hard."

"What's his name?" asked Melanie.

"Daniel."

"Oh, that guy."

Katherine pitched in, "So do you guys talk?"

"No, but he did asked me some questions on a homework problem once."

Katherine said, "That doesn't count. Have you even tried talking with him directly or flirting with him?"

Wendy shook her head.

Katherine sighed, "Wendy, you're hopeless."

That hit a sore spot in Wendy and she looked downward. Sarah quickly cut in, "Don't mind her, Wendy. She's like that, and don't worry, we'll help you." Sarah placed her hand on top of Wendy's hand.

"Really?"

"Yes, but enough of that for now. Let's play a game. Have you played Monopoly before, Wendy?"

"Yeah."

"Great."

After several games, they chatted again for a while before Sarah's friends called it a night and began leaving. Sarah then gave Wendy a tour of her large house. 

"Wendy, want me to give you a tour around my house?"

"Umm... Okay!"

The tour around the house lasted for about ten minutes and Wendy marveled at the size and grandeur of it. It was the first time Wendy saw a jacuzzi bathtub and a residential backyard pool in person. Afterwords Sarah led Wendy upstairs to her bedroom, swaying her ass very slightly in front of Wendy as she went.

"And here's my bedroom!" 

Wendy's eyes opened in wonder at the size of the Sarah' bedroom. It was almost the size of four regular bedrooms. It had everything a typical teenage girl would want in her room: a large comfortable bed, a luxurious vanity, a modern flat screen TV set, posters of various pop stars on the walls, an assortment of plush dolls, a computer system, various gaming systems, an ornate desk for studying, and a beautiful assortment of trinkets and curios. Wendy felt a little bit envious of what Sarah had.

"Wow... It's pretty big."

"My friends gave that reaction too when they first visited my room!"

The evening passed by happily for Wendy. Wendy left Sarah's home satisfied. She thought she could finally fit in with the popular crowd at last. On the weekdays during lunch periods, Sarah invited Wendy to sit along with her and her popular friends. No longer does she have to often sit at the cafeteria alone or sometimes with her few nerdy friends. Wendy began talking more and gain some confidence. She began feeling happy now. On the following Saturday, Sarah invited Wendy over to her house again. This time Sarah wore a short pink pleated skirt and a white top.

Wendy noticed that Sarah's friends weren't there. 

"Where are the others?" 

"They're busy with their boyfriends!" answered Sarah with a naughty grin. "We're the only two people in this house, but don't worry, we'll have lots of fun! You want something to drink? I have strawberry and pineapple fruit cocktail."

"Umm... Sure! I'll have the strawberry cocktail."

Sarah went to the kitchen and returned with two glasses of fruit juice cocktail. She gave Wendy the glass on her left hand. Sarah smiled as she watched Wendy drink some of the juice before gulping down her own glass. 

"It's time for a game!"

"What kind of game?"

"Let's play dress up!"

"Dress up?"

"Yes, dress up! It's going to help you a lot! You do want Daniel to notice you, do you?"

"Yeah."

"Come over here then." Sarah tugged Wendy's hand and led her over to a large wooden cabinet. The slight touching a caused a strange tingling feeling in Wendy. Sarah knew what Wendy was feeling at the moment for the fruit juice that Wendy drank earlier was spiked with a mild dosage of a special drug that caused Wendy to be less inhibited, vulnerable to suggestions, and slightly sexually aroused. Sarah opened one of the drawers, revealing a wide assortment of lingerie. She picked up a black and white frilly lace bra and a matching pair of panties. 

"This set looks good."

"That looks kind of..."

"Sexy? Slutty? Provocative?"

"I guess..."

"Come on Wendy. Girls are suppose to look pretty. If you dress plain, people will think you're just a boring prude. Come on, try it. I'm the only person here."

"Right here?"

"Of course! It's just us girls, just like in the P.E. locker rooms!"

"Here, I'll go first," said Sarah before quickly stripping away her clothes.

Wendy looked away, but Sarah stopped her, "Wendy, there's nothing wrong with you looking at me. You're just a girl, not some horny boy ready to jump on me."

She looked back at Sarah. Very quickly Sarah was down to nothing but her blue satin bra and panties. She encouraged, no she ordered Wendy to do the same. With a little hesitation, Wendy removed most of her clothing, placing them in a neat pile on a chair. 

"Just plain white bra panties, not very surprising for a prude girl like you. Here try this!" said Sarah as she handed the black satin frilly bra and panties to Wendy.

"But I've never worn those before." At the same moment that Wendy said that she began feeling slightly woozy, but the feeling disappeared shortly afterwords.

"That's the point!"

Wendy didn't want to displease Sarah so she took the bra and panties without further complaints and began changing. Even with Sarah's assurances, Wendy still felt little awkward changing her underwear under the watchful eyes of Sarah, although for some reason she felt a little excited. Sarah placed her hands on Wendy's shoulders, causing that slight tingle in Wendy again, and gently nudged her towards the closet mirror.

"See, you look better in this than in your boring white bra and panties. Turn around."

Wendy slowly turned around and looked at her own body. She suddenly felt that she looked better in this kind of underwear. It was time for the next step. Sarah opened the sliding doors of the closet and pulled out a sexy cheerleading outfit. 

"But I'm not a cheerleader!"

"Silly, it's dress up, remember?"

Wendy puts on the outfit and Sarah complimented her, "You look cute in that outfit!"

"Really? I do?"

"Of course, boys will be badgering you constantly if they see you wearing that. Now do something."

Sarah handed the pom poms to Wendy.

"Give me a 'B'. Give me a 'E'. Give me..."

Sarah cuts her off, "Not like that. With more enthusiasm! Here, let me show you."

"GIVE ME A 'C'. GIVE ME A 'U'. GIVE ME A 'T'. GIVE ME AN 'E'. WHAT'S THAT SPELL? CUTE!"

She did it as if she was doing it during an actual game.

"Now you try it."

"Okay."

After a few more cheerleading attempts by Wendy, Sarah moved on to the next clothing item.

"Have you ever worn one of these before?" asked Sarah while holding up a black, sleek strapless form-fitting dress with a knee length hemline.

"No, I haven't."

"Figures. Here try this one on. I'm going wear the blue one. The matching high heeled shoes are over there on the rack."

They stood together in front of the mirror. Wendy was a bit uncomfortable with the heels. Sarah started with, "Don't we look hot?"

"I guess..." Wendy felt the slight sexual tingling again.

"Now it's time for makeup!"

"I've never put on makeup before."

"Don't worry, I'll help you."

Sarah carefully applied the purple eyeshadow and black eyeliner on Wendy's eyes, followed by the use of the eyelash curler. She then uses pink lipstick and gloss on on Wendy's lips. 

"Every guy will drool over you now. Hell, even I find you hot! Just kidding!"

Wendy blushed as Sarah does the makeup on her own face. After Sarah finished, Wendy noticed the difference with her current look compared to her old self.

Sarah laughed, "Now we're two hot, sexy sirens!"

Again the tingling feeling came when Sarah touched her arm.

"Now try walking like one!"

"How?"

"Let me show you."

Sarah walked in front of Wendy, gave her a sexy smile, and winked before turning around and starting her sexy strut. Her ass swayed as she walked from one end of the room to the other. Turning, Sarah gave Wendy a sexy, alluring look and walked back to her.

"See, like that. Now you try."

"Okay."

Wendy's several attempts in walking sexily paled in comparison to Sarah's strut. Her meekness was pretty obvious. Sarah giggled at Wendy's attempts.

"Not bad, but there's still much more room for improvement. Let's move on to something else."

Sarah brought out a woman's business suit which consisted of a tight-fitting black jacket, a blouse, a matching skirt, and skin-colored stockings with a matching garter belt. Wendy took off her heels to wear the stockings, but her effort was slow because she's not very familiar with stockings. Sarah assisted and in doing that caused tingling feelings in Wendy whenever Sarah's fingers grazed the skin of Wendy's legs. After they both finished dressing they appraised themselves on the mirror. 

"Now we look like corporate workers! Wendy, make me a coffee!"

Wendy laughed a bit, "But I don't know where the coffee machine is."

"What?! You're fired!"

They played for a while before switching to nurse outfits. Wendy's outfit was mainly white colored while Sarah's was predominately pink.

Sarah started, "We have an unruly patient in room D2-502. I need your help to calm him down."

"Ummm... How?"

Her response was in a low, husky voice, "With your seductive feminine charms. Just touch him like this..."

Sarah slowly grazed her fingers along Wendy's arms while smiling at her. The feeling caused by the light touching almost caused Wendy to gasped. Normally she should have been repulsed by this, but the effects of the mildly drugged fruit juice lowered her inhibitions and clouded her thoughts.

"Sarah..."

"Silly, I'm just playing with you!" Sarah giddily said.

Time passed and they were now dressed in traditional school uniforms.

"Now we look like cute Catholic school girls!" commented Sarah as she twirled her body around. She put on a pair of glasses. "OOhhhh, look! I'm a geeky school girl just like Wendy!" Wendy laughed a bit at Sarah's act. Later Sarah switched their activity to a discussion on sex.

"We are going do something else now. Off with the clothes, Wendy, except for the bra and panties. Keep the heels." Sarah did the same.

"Sure. What are we going to do next?" asked Wendy as she sat next to Sarah on the edge of the large bed.

"Something that's," said Sarah as she moved her lips very close to Wendy's ear and whispered, "very naughty."

Wendy opened her eyes widely. "Whaa... Sarah, I'm not like that."

"We're not going to do it, silly. What we're you thinking?" Sarah giggled.

Wendy breathed a sigh of relief.

"So, Wendy, how often do you masturbate?"

For some reason, Wendy felt compelled to tell the truth. "Almost once every day."

"Do you use your fingers or a toy?" Sarah walks over to a drawer and takes out an ornate box.

"Uhhh... Just my fingers..."

"So you haven't use something like this before?" She opens the box and takes out a pink vibrating dildo.

Wendy blushed and shook her head.

"Well, you need to try it then, especially since you don't have a boyfriend."

"Ummm... I guess..."

"Wendy, you don't know what you're missing out on," said Sarah as she waved the dildo in front of her face.

"Here, take it." Wendy found it hard to refuse her and slowly received the dildo.

"Now we're going to watch a movie."

"What movie?"

"You'll see." Sarah takes a remote control and presses a few buttons. The wide screen plasma TV turned on and a movie began. She then walks back to the cabinet where she got the first dildo and takes out another that's purple in color. Within seconds it became obvious to Wendy that it's one of those "dirty movies".

"Sarah, no, I can't watch that! It's bad!"

"Wendy, it's alright. There's nothing wrong with watching porn."

Wendy found herself strangely agreeing with Sarah, despite her initial belief that it's bad to watch such filth.

The video was basically a hardcore film with straight sex between handsome guys and beautiful girls.

"OOhhhhhhh... Isn't that hot Wendy? Mmmmm...." said Sarah excitedly as she pump the purple dildo in and out of her own pussy.

Wendy looked at the scene of the muscular guy pumping his dick into the brunette woman's pussy and found herself getting wet, but still hesitated in using the dildo on herself.

"Come on, Wendy. Use the dildo. Have fun."

Hesitating only a little, Wendy slowly inserted the pink dildo into her pussy. She picked up speed so afterwards.

"Oh yes...Ohhhh...Ah...Yes!" moaned Sarah as she groped her own breasts and continued masturbating while watching the porno.

She looked over to Wendy and said, "Wendy, are you always this silent when you get yourself off? Moan a little. Make more sounds. It'll make it more exciting!"

Wendy began making noises. Even though it paled in comparison to Sarah's more sensual and erotic efforts, it was a good start. Eventually Sarah came hard and her juices gushed out with some of it landing on her thighs, making it shiny with wetness. In an act that shocked Wendy, Sarah raised the purple dildo that's covered with her own cum to her lips and licked and sucked on it like a lollipop.

Sarah noticed Wendy's look of disgust at her act. "Wendy, there's nothing wrong with licking off your dildo. Popular girls do it all the time. Even guys think that it's hot."

Wendy suddenly came and, under the Sarah's encouragement, lifted the tip the slick, wet pink dildo near her lips while staring at it with trepidation. "Try it," Sarah said. With that Wendy gingerly licked the dildo and then sucked on it. 

"See, it doesn't taste that bad." Sarah got horny again quickly while watching Wendy perform that erotic act and really wanted to jump on Wendy at that moment but used all of her willpower to resist. She needed to steer Wendy towards the path of corruption gradually. Wendy continued to practice masturbating erotically until the porno movie ended under the expert guidance of Sarah. In the scenes with female masturbation, Wendy stopped in disgust but Sarah told Wendy that she doesn't have to get off to those scenes, but to imitate them in an educational sense. She also told her to try to act coquettish and sensual like the women do in the video. Sarah encouraged her by saying, "Wendy, this will help you a lot. Trust me. It will change you inside out in ways you can't imagine." Afterwards, for the remainder of her time at Sarah's place, she talked with Sarah on various subjects, such as tips on putting on making up, fashionable clothing, guys, and current pop culture. Finally, as Wendy prepared to leave Sarah's house, Sarah gave a makeup kit, some lingerie, a special pink dildo, and several hardcore porno DVDs to Wendy in a nondescript bag. Sarah told her that it's for practice in improving her sensuality and Wendy accepted the package without any hesitation.

Late that night, in the darkness of her own room Wendy masturbated to one of Sarah's porno DVDs while completely naked. Afraid of being noticed by her family she had to watch with her headphones and did her best to lower the volume of her own erotic moaning while imitating the actions of the girls in the masturbating scenes of the video. It was gross and unerotic to watch another female masturbate, but while masturbating with her fingers Wendy kept reminding herself that it was strictly for educational purposes.

On Monday morning, Sarah met up with Wendy at her locker. She greeted her with a quick, slight squeeze on Wendy's ass, causing her to gasp. Wendy smiled and said nervously, "Sarah, please don't do that. People might think we're... you know..." Sarah chuckled, "Don't worry Wendy. I'm just giving those cute guys a tease." Wendy looked over to where Sarah's eyes was pointing and noticed the hot guys and smiled at them. "You look good today, Wendy," complemented Sarah as she looked at Wendy's lightly made up face. She just had on black eyeliner and some pink lipstick. 
