 It was a dark room sparsely illuminated with automatic, recessed spotlights. An unconscious Madelynn was carried on a gurney to the room by two burly men who positioned her near a rectangular table. Carefully, they lifted her up from the gurney and placed her on the padded table before walking out of the room. A raven-haired female scientist wearing the standard white lab coat walked in followed by two female assistants, who both wore black PVC, form-fitting mini dresses. Their high heel pumps click-clacked on the floor as they strode into the room. Various machines and computers were turned on or brought out of their sleep mode. This was their latest assignment in their already busy day, but they were more than happy to do it.

Working quickly and neatly, the two PVC-clad assistants stripped Madelynn of her clothing until she was completely naked. They then strapped her tightly to the table. A large, circular surgical lamp above Madelynn was turned on, illuminating the beauty of her attractive teenage body. From a metal tray, one of the assistants picked up a syringe that was filled with a neon-blue colored cocktail of special drugs and injected it into Madelynn's left arm. The other assistant went to retrieve the special equipment. Two large machines were wheeled into position. Each of them resemble a large cylindrical tower with long, protruding robotic arms attached with various strange devices. Intricate gears and joints within the machines buzzed, whined, and clicked as they were being adjusted. The female scientist pressed a few buttons on the computer and the machine at the lower end of the table lowered one of its mechanical arms. At the end of the of arm was what appeared to be a triangular, metallic box. Under the scientist's control, the robotic arm holding that device moved right next to Madelynn's pussy. At the same moment, two metal stirrups rose from the areas of the table beneath Madelynn's legs and raised them upward in preparation for the next step in the procedure.

The triangular metal object then opened up like the blooming of some strange flower to reveal its true form: a metallic pair of panties with two motorized dildo attachments on the inside. But that was not all to the device. On the interior surface of the special panties and on the dildos were small protuberances or "fingers" that were also motorized. The dildos also have an ejaculation feature to allow for the vaginal insertion of drugs or to simulate the climaxing action of a real penis. They were designed to allow for the maximization of pleasure for the wearer of the special metallic panties.

With the press of a button from the console in front of the scientist, the metallic panties opened up into two halves like a pincer. One have went over Madelynn's pussy while the other half slid under her butt. The two halves then began to close again with a hermetically-tight seal to form a complete pair, and Madelynn moaned in her semiconscious state as the dildos were inserted into her vagina and anus.

A second arm moved above Madelynn's breasts. Attach to it were two smaller robotic arms, each holding a half-spherical object resembling bra cups. Each cup was grasped by what a resembled long-legged robotic spider attached to the arms from its mid-section. Various tubes were attached to the spider-like fingers for the purpose of liquid injection or retrieval. As those flexible metallic cups closed descended onto Madelynn's breasts, also causing her gasp. From a distance, Madelynn looked as if she was wearing some kinky metal lingerie.

In her semiconscious state, Madelynn's eyes barely registered the strange oval-shaped mask descending on her face. In the mouth area of the mask's interior were multiple robotic tendrils designed to sexually stimulate the mouth and to dispense liquids if required. Under the control of the scientist, the flexible tendrils nudge Madelynn's mouth open so that they may enter it. Moments later, the edges of the mask closed onto Madelynn's face for an air-tight fit. The area of the table beneath her head began to raise slightly to accommodate the helmet-shaped device closing in on her head. It hissed after it completed its hermetic seal.

The female scientist, Dr. Maria Boesky, after verifying that the setup was completed successfully, initiated the program. Images flashed in front of Madelynn's glazed eyes from the special video screen inside the mask. Sounds were pumped into her ears from the hidden headphones in the helmet. Her drug-addled mind couldn't figure out what was happening. All she felt were the pleasurable stimuli that were being sent to her brain.

It was nothing but a pink image in front of her eyes at first. The image flashed briefly before changing its shade, turning from a moderate pink to a dark pink before moving back to regular pink and then raising to bright pink. After the cycle of pink, the same pattern of change was repeated for the colors of purple, magenta, blue, and red. Then the images came, but they were first instinct and obscure by some pink fog. Gradually, there appeared a faint shape that looked familiar. Despite being in a semiconscious state, Madelynn's weakened mind tried to figure out what it was. Within moments, the outline of the faint shape became more distinct and its colors more defined. It was a set of a woman's eyes, beautiful, blue, and alluring. The lashes were long and thick. The eyelids were shaded in a light purple color with the lower edges in a much darker shade. With the appearance of those feminine eyes came the sexual stimulation of Madelynn's body by the machine, but it was done quietly at first. Her pussy was lightly stimulated by the motorized protuberances on the vaginal dildo and her nipples were tickled by small, motorized tendrils at the center of the special bra cups.

Fading away after about two minutes, the eyes then gave way to the image of feminine lips. It was painted a bright red color with a glossy shine. Madelynn felt the tendrils in her mouth begin to move and it felt good when her oral cavity was caressed and touched by them. A sweet taste of cherries appeared in her mouth after it was squirted out from the tiny openings in the tendrils. The image of the painted lips puckered in a flirtatious imitation of a kiss. Madelynn's body was sexually stimulated again, but this time is was a little bit stronger than before. Her nipples were not only tickled but licked by tendrils that were self-coated with lubricant. Robotic lips within the mask kissed Madelynn's lips, simulating a actual deep kiss. The bumps on the vaginal and anal dildos began vibrating and moving again. 

Next came the image of a beautiful woman's full face, whose eyes and lips appeared previously. Her smooth flowing blonde hair was done in a high pony tail. The sensual woman gave a sultry look and licked her lips sensuously. Acting on its preprogrammed instructions, the breast stimulators, oral stimulators, vaginal and anal dildos began active again with a little bit more intensity than before. Despite not being normally aroused by females, Madelynn's pussy became wet now from the mechanical stimulation. That was picked up by one of many of the machine's biosensors and was carefully recorded by the associated computer system along with the other actions from the teen girl's body.

The view was zoomed out, revealing the whole perfectly-curved body of the woman. Behind her was a subtle background of pink fog. She was dressed a metallic purple strapless mini dress with a lower hemline that barely went pass the crotch and a set of two-inch heel pumps of the same metallic purple color. Her outfit glistened under the off-view light source. She slowly felt up her own body to emphasize her attractive curves and overall sexiness. That view was held for a long moment before the camera zoomed into the areas of the breasts, crotch, thighs, legs, back, shoulders, and the face again. In each of these localized views, Madelynn was sexually stimulated by the external machines in a controlled fashion.

Now there was a voice saying something. At first it was subtle and indistinct, then it became clear that the voice was speaking a series of words that were intended to invade Madelynn subconscious. 

"Pleasure... Lesbian... Desire..."

Buried in the various natural openings of Emmas, the sexual stimulators that were slick with lubricants became active again. Her breasts and nipples also were teased, licked, and sucked by the spider-shaped mammary stimulators. Assisted by the drugs, Madelynn was now in sexual heat despite being in a semi-awake state. New words flooded the female teen's ears again, repeated by the same sexy, female voice as before. 

"Sapphic... Lust... Girls... Women... Love... Desire..."

The siren dressed in purple began taking off her mini dress. Now clad only in her purple metallic bra, thong, and heels, the woman was joined by another female who was similarly dressed except for the main color of the outfit being metallic red instead of purple. They grinned at each other and moved their lips together for a lustful kiss. Madelynn felt her body being sexually stimulated again. Sexual acts between the lingerie-clad beauties soon followed. Additional words were repeated over the earphones.

"Stop... Investigation... Halt... Investigation... Support... Hecate... Trust... Sarah..."

The two woman rubbed their bodies together on the pink floor as they continued kissing. A bra cup was loosened, and the woman wearing the red lingerie began orally pleasuring the breast of her sex partner. Not stopping it's authoritative messages anytime soon, the sweet, feminine voice continued with its relentless assault on the teen's subconscious mind.

"Desire... Sarah... Desire... Wendy... Sex... Sarah... Lust... Wendy..."

They were now engaged in oral sex, but it didn't involve mutual pleasuring. The red lingerie beauty got on her fours and pulled the lower part of the purple thong aside to lick the pussy of her friend, who was also on fours. Madelynn again received sexual stimulation while being forced to watch this sexual event. More scenes of Sapphic sexual acts appeared with each one usually different that the one preceding it. Throughout all those scenes, the teen girl received constant stimulation of her groin and elsewhere on her body. Eventually, she had her orgasm. It was an act triggered by the specially timed programming of the machine to correspond with the visual of the two women engaging in a classic sixty-nine. During the orgasm, the tendrils pleasuring Madelynn's mouth began squirt liquid, filling her oral cavity with special chemicals, which she instinctively swallowed. At the same moment, the dildos buried in her pussy and ass dispense their loads of chemicals into her body.

Madelynn woke up from the same spot where she had first slept. Her body felt sweaty and her hair was matted. She glanced at the clock on her cell phone. "What?! I've doze off for more than two hours!" The sun had already set and the street lamps were on. Without suspecting anything amiss during the time that she was out, Madelynn quickly got up from the wooden bench and continued her trip home. 

Later that evening, an exhausted Madelynn lying on her bed while staring up at the ceiling with focused eyes, thinking about the whole private investigation business. She didn't know why, but Madelynn felt now less motivated to continue the investigation of Sarah's activities and Hecate Corp. She had simply lost the urge. There wasn't much point in investigating to begin with. First of all, Sarah didn't seem to be that bad of a person. Maybe she was just biased against Sarah because of her status and background. She wondered if she's doing this investigation because she's afraid of the possibility that Sarah might replace her as Wendy's best friend. Connecting Hecate Pharmaceutical to Sarah was also ridiculous. Madelynn laughed at herself for concocting this ridiculous scenario of Sarah somehow controlling her Wendy using some mystery drug. A sudden stirring in her pussy stopped her from thinking any further.

A sudden urge to masturbate caused Madelynn to instinctively move a hand to her crotch. She began rubbing her pussy through her pajamas slowly. The feelings of sexual arousal later intensified, so her fingers and reached beneath her pajama pants and white panties to touch her pussy directly. It got moist very quick. She summoned the images of the cute guy in school whom she was interested in and imagined him licking her pussy. A smiled formed on her face as she imagined the scene. Her orgasm was about to happen so she feverishly pumped her fingers faster. Just when Madelynn thought she could climax to the image of the boy of her dreams, the image got replaced with a girl licking her pussy and another girl flicking her tongue on her boobs. She wanted to stop, it was too late for her orgasm was already occurring.

"GAH! What the hell?!" exclaimed Madelynn. "Why am I thinking about girls all of a sudden?!"

After a long day, Wendy finally had some free time. It was a special, private night for Wendy: Sarah had allowed her to masturbate freely for that single night, which was what Wendy felt a much needed break from the girl-obsessed training. Wendy felt that this would help reassert her heterosexuality. She had already stripped down to her white satin bra and panties, one of the many gifts from Sarah, who told her not to wear plain cotton panties anymore. Grabbing a pink dildo, Wendy began teasing her pussy. It wasn't long before she inserted the dildo through the love petals. As usual, Wendy didn't let it go all the way in because she didn't want to break her hymen. She wanted to save it for her future boyfriend, hopefully Daniel. 

The brow of Wendy's closed eyes furrowed in disappointment when she had a difficult time imagining Daniel doing sexual things to her and vice versa. Every time she tried imagining Daniel kissing her on the lips, embracing her, kissing her breasts, fucking her, or doing something else, the figure of Daniel would often transform into a female. Sometimes the female would be Sarah and sometimes it would be one of the female pornstars she had watched from the videos. Despite not being into girls, she found herself aroused by the mental images that she saw. It was difficult to maintain a heterosexual scene in her mind. Even when did managed to hold onto the scene involving her and Daniel for a while, girls would join eventually join them. They would all descend onto her and push Daniel out of the way. Those mental images aroused and repulsed her at the same time. It had been a problem since she first began her training under Sarah, and Wendy had developed somewhat of a tolerance for it. She knew that she was pretending to be a lesbian only to attract Daniel's attention and hopefully win his heart, but at the same time she felt that the boundaries between her Sapphic persona and her real self and had been blurred, and she didn't want that to happen.

"I can't let this go any further," thought Wendy as she continued masturbating, totally unaware of the fact that she had already gone further by licking Sarah's pussy a day ago, and it wasn't even of her own accord. 

Conflicting thoughts entered Wendy's mind. One one had she wanted to win Daniel's heart with Sarah's plan, but on the other hand she didn't want to go too deep. She was afraid that she would become a real lesbian, but she also realized that she had increasingly greater difficulty asserting herself in front of Sarah. It was strange that Sarah's words often seemed to agreeable to her. There was this strange, undeniable truth in what Sarah had said. On top of that, she didn't know why she was starting to enjoy some of the stuff they were doing together. Was she losing control of herself? Wendy countered that thought by considering the activities involving her and Sarah to be only friendly and educational, and not sexual in anyway in spite of them being sexual in nature. She also found comfort in the false assumption that she had not gone muff diving as Sarah had directed, totally unaware of her memory blackout on that day. 

"At least I was able to draw the line somewhere." 

Unbeknownst to Wendy, that statement was far from the truth. With much effort, Wendy managed to make the image of Daniel stay in her mind long enough for her to orgasm without interference of Sapphic thoughts. She panted as the tide of the orgasm began to recede. "Daniel... Daniel...," repeated Wendy. She brought the fingers that had been in her pussy to her lips and sucked on them, a routine that she had developed under Sarah's intensive training.

With her clothes taken off, Madelynn began showering the next morning. Her wet body sparkled from the droplets of water on her skin under the morning rays of the sun from the bathroom window. As she applied soap and began scrubbing her body, a sudden feeling of arousal surprised her. She couldn't understand why she was suddenly feeling aroused. At first resisting the feeling of sexual need, but eventually failing to contain it, Madelynn's hand reach down to her clit to stroke it gently. The temperature of her body had increased noticeably as her nipples dilated in size to become pointy tips that were ready to be sucked. Dropping her scrubber, Madelynn's other hand touched a breast. She couldn't resist moaning sexually in pleasure, but her socially-ingrained modesty forced her to suppress the volume of the moans. She kneaded her breasts as two of her fingers worked on her clit, going past their middle knuckles. Despite being in heat, she knew that she was going to be late for school if she stayed too long in the shower so she quickly worked herself towards an orgasm. She closed her eyes to relish every feeling of it when it happened.

There was still about fifteen minutes before the morning bell rang, and Madelynn was within two blocks away from school, walking at a leisurely place. She was completely unaware that she was being watched by an unseen observer. Sitting inside her obsidian-colored vehicle, Elena held up her binoculars and observed the brunette-haired teen teen walking to school as she had done for the past few days. She smiled at the noticeable changes that she observed on the girl. This job was starting to become very enjoyable for Elena.

Sarah met up with Wendy at lunch and told her about her busy schedule in afternoon and won't be available to train Wendy. In order to not waste a day of training, Sarah gave Wendy a special assignment in which she dubbed "self-training". All of the materials to the assignment was contained in a small leather bag. She told Wendy not to opened the bag until Wendy got home, for obvious reasons.

"Sarah, what if I do the assignment wrong?"

"Then I'll punish you, of course!"

After getting a reaction from Wendy, Sarah then added, "Just kidding! It's very hard to do the assignment wrong, and you're a smart girl."

"What about tomorrow?"

"Unless another thing comes up, we'll go back to your usual training. Also, I'll be leaving at the end of six period so I can't give you a ride home."

"It's okay. I can still take the bus."

The bell rang.

"Oh, and..." Sarah give Wendy a quick peck on the lips. "... have fun with the assignment! See you tomorrow!"

"See ya." Wendy hoped no one saw that brief kiss.

Madelynn quickly retreated around the corner from the scene that she had just saw. It came as a shock to her because she had never imagined Sarah and Wendy kissing. While she knew about the rumors regarding Sarah of her interest in girls, she never thought Wendy was like that too. Didn't Wendy said to her before that she was interested in Daniel? A sudden feeling came to her. She felt that she was suppose to be doing something important but couldn't remember what. Not wanting to get noticed by them, she dropped the matter for now and quickly walked down the stairs.
