 Wendy bumped into her friend the next morning and noticed her glumness. "Hey, Madelynn, is everything alright?"

"Morning, Wendy!" replied Madelynn, who quickly put up a cheerful face. "Everything's fine. It's just that I've a lot homework lately."

"Don't force yourself too hard, Madelynn."

"I'll be fine, Wendy. Don't worry."

She didn't want anyone, especially Wendy to know about the blackmail so she had to act like her normal self as much as possible. But it was difficult to maintain that act constantly. Aside from the blackmail, she now had another problem: the sudden feelings of arousal. It never happened to her like this before until recently. She had to hold on to the temptation to get herself off until she had the opportunity to do so at the end of class. Rushing to the restroom after second period, Madelynn quickly entered a stall to masturbate privately. The need was so strong that she placed her fingers into her pussy before her jeans were properly loosened. She emitted a loud gasp when her fingers made the first plunge into her wet hole.

She didn't know what was going on with her body, only that she needed to quench that desire immediately. Memories of what Elena did to her last night flashed in her mind as she moved her fingers in an out. In those mental images she saw Elena's glossy blue lips moving close to her own and then kissing her deeply. It was a very vivid memory. Feelings of Elena licking her pussy came rushing back to her. Remembering the touch and feel of the goth girl's skin made her tingle down there. Madelynn was unable to control those sexual thoughts. 

After she orgasmed, Madelynn's mind began working again. If her hypothesis about Elena and Sarah was correct, then Wendy might be in a similar situation as herself, but there's no way she could ask her friend. Last night, after dropping her off at her home, Elena had given her a stern warning not to tell or even give hints to anyone, especially Wendy, about the blackmail or else there would be consequences. For now, Madelynn could only go along with it, but still she needed to find a way to somehow suppress these frequent, unwanted urges that seem to pop out of nowhere.

Like her friend Madelynn, Wendy had similar problems with sudden horniness and wild sexual imagination. It had grew from a barely noticeable phenomenon to frequently occurring incidents. The problem seemed to have worsened to more she got into the Sarah's training. Regardless, she still didn't have doubts about Sarah's intentions.

If Wendy wasn't careful, her initially pristine thoughts would drift to imagining her attractive female classmates in sexual situations whenever her eyes linger on them for a bit too long or whenever she thought of them for any reason. It became an annoyance, at least in the rational, conscious part of her mind. Uncontrollably and subconsciously, her now more easily aroused body took exception to Wendy's rational thinking. Throughout the school day, the two antipodes within her mind were frequently engaged in a tug-of-war. 

Several weeks ago, Wendy wouldn't have given any thought about the girls in her classes and those she passed by in the hallways. However, now it felt like a different world in her eyes. At the beginning of her training, Wendy had to put effort into noticing girls and appraising them, but as time passed the effort required became less and less. Now it seemed almost effortless for Wendy to notice the physical attributes of any girl she passed by. Just this morning, Wendy would found herself staring subconsciously at the asses and the bodily curves of the girls that were in front of her. Very brief imaginations of touching their sexy bodies would cross her mind, and she quickly suppressed them as soon as they appeared suddenly in her mind. The worse was when she found herself looking at her friend in that way, and Wendy quickly chastised herself for thinking about her friend like that again.

During her English class at first period, out of the blue, flashbacks of the video she had watched last night appeared in her mind. Despite her strenuous mental efforts, those unwanted thoughts wouldn't go away. At first those thoughts were hazy images, but they quickly became very vivid. Brief, fleeting images of various parts of the body appeared in the beginning: eyes, succulent lips, legs, arms, thighs, breasts, and ass. Each new image gave Wendy an unexpected pulse of arousal. The partial images of the beautiful female form then gave way to the picture of Alice and Samantha in a tight embrace while kissing each other passionately. They were standing on their knees on top of a large white satin sheet that undulated beneath them, making it appeared as if they were they were floating in mid air. Wendy felt an unexpected urge to be close to the two girls and join in on the action. The scene in her mind that she saw then changed to the image of Samantha's beautiful face. Her lips were slightly parted and it appeared as if Samantha was about to kiss her. Before the imaginary Samantha got the chance, Wendy snapped back to reality. The Sapphic imagery abated, at least for now. Wendy realized that her body temperature was increasing. She hoped that no one would notice that she was in sexual heat.

In her math class, Wendy found herself unconsciously looking at Lauren too. Just like with the other girls, her eyes traced Lauren's sexy curves and focused on the well-endowed parts of her body. Somehow, Lauren noticed or at least appeared to notice that Wendy was looking at her and gave her a wink in response. That snapped Wendy out of it. 

She felt confused. "Why am I looking at Lauren in that way too? Isn't she my love rival?"

It was even more problematic in her physical education class, especially in the girls' locker room. Even though Wendy kept her eyes to herself most of the time, she found it hard to not imagine being intimately close to the girls and touching them sexually. When she passed by the girls who weren't yet done with changing, she would unknowingly catch glimpses of them in their partially undressed states, noticing their physical forms and the various styles and colors of bras and panties that they were dressed in.

Throughout the daily ordeals, Wendy kept saying to herself in her mind that she doesn't like girls in that way in order to reassert her heterosexuality. She had to put some effort into making herself noticing guys in general. However, her feelings of attraction towards Daniel remained the same: it remained effortless.

When Wendy met up with Sarah again after school, she asked Sarah why she was having these kinds of thoughts and feelings, which was almost always coupled with sudden unexpected arousal. At first she thought it was just the side effect of her training and Sarah previously had given that explanation too, but to have them occur so often made her felt very worried about herself.

"Sarah, why am I thinking about girls so often?"

"Wendy, I've told you before; it's part of your training."

"But it's becoming a problem for me. I'm having those thoughts very frequently, and many times when I look at a girl, I have those feelings."

"Just hang on a little longer, Wendy. It's only temporary. Once we are done with your training, those thoughts and feelings will go away."

"Really?"

"Yes, unless of course you like really girls."

"No, I'm... I definitely like only guys."

"Of course. I was just kidding, Wendy!" Sarah giggled.

For some reason, Wendy felt relieved to hear Sarah repeat what she had said many days before. Wendy thought, "Yes, it's only part of the training. There's no good reason for me to feel so worried. I'm still a straight girl and I'll always be." 

With that settled, at least for the time being, Wendy told Sarah that she recently overheard people talking about her and Sarah being lesbians. It seemed to have stemmed from some of the students seeing them kissing at some point.

"I don't know when and how they saw us kissing, but somehow they did. I'm afraid that it'll fuel the rumor that we're actual lesbians."

Sarah wasn't fazed and simply brushed the rumors off. "They're just jealous, spiteful people. Just ignore them and the rumors. Don't worry, nothing bad will happen. Trust me."

Wendy felt relieved again.

"Anyway, is Daniel still talking to you?"

"Yes, but it's irregular. I tried talking to him, but Lauren would somehow always find an excuse to interrupt."

"Don't fret, Wendy. Giving a guy too much attention can be counterproductive. Don't badger Daniel, but be a tease instead. Make him come to you. Be the forbidden fruit."

"That does make sense. Maybe I should be a little bit more aloof."

"Wendy, let's not idle here any longer. We can talk more once we get to my house."

"Okay, Sarah," said Wendy as she got into the passenger side of Sarah's sleek sports car.

Once they arrived at Sarah's house, Wendy expected the usual refreshment, but she was in for a slight surprise this time. Instead of the usual fruit drink, Sarah gave Wendy something else: candy.

Wendy examined the minute details of candy and noticed the multitude of pink, red, and white swirls. "It looks kind of exotic." 

"Yes, it's a special soft candy custom-made by for me by an excellent confectioner."

Once Wendy unwrapped the clear wrapper from the piece candy and popped it in her mouth, she almost immediately began noticing its strange, but wonderful taste. Delicious liquid squirt into her mouth once she broke through the soft exterior shell of the candy. It was great, exotic candy indeed. She had never tasted such wonderful candy before and appreciated the fact Sarah was willing to share such a wonderful confection to her.

"So, how is it?"

"It tastes wonderful!"

"Then try some more if you want."

Unable to resist, Wendy ate another piece and then another, but stopped after the third one.

As usual, Sarah took Wendy to her room. It wasn't the only place Wendy's lesson will take place, though. The second, more active part will happen in the another room.

"We're going to try pussy licking again, Wendy."

Wendy's eyes widened in shock. "I don't think I could do it..."

"Don't worry, we're just going to talk about it, not actually do it."

Wendy didn't remember what she did after downing the potent drink from Sarah several days ago, or more accurately she hadn't thought about the possibility of a memory blackout. She thought that kissing Sarah's crotch through her panties was the farthest she had went. Vague images of her licking Sarah's pussy would sometimes flow into her thoughts, but she just assumed that it was just her imagination gone wild and not an actual event. According to Sarah, it could also have been a dream because she had doze off on the sofa that day. Whatever Wendy actually thought didn't matter to Sarah. All she was interested in is turning Wendy into a devout pussy licker.

Sarah had already realized that she was basically back at square one in making Wendy tolerate having oral sex with females. She needed to put more emphasis training Wendy to make her mentally accept the act licking another girl's pussy or engage more intimate Sapphic acts for that matter. For a currently straight girl like Wendy, it's understandable that such an act would be repulsive, so Sarah decided that a slower pace of inhibition erosion for these kinds of acts would be required. Therefore, repeated training will more likely prevent Wendy's old psyche from resurfacing to counteract and rebel against the thoughts and personality that Sarah was trying to implant in Wendy's mind.

The two girls sat next to each other on a sofa. Sarah started the lesson with a question, "So, Wendy, what's wrong with you eating another girl's pussy?"

There was a delay before Wendy replied, "If I eat a girl's pussy, that'll make me a lesbian."

"Not necessarily. You can be a straight girl and still eat a girl out. Even by using your logic, you're only doing this temporarily for Daniel. In the worst case, you're only a temporary lesbian, and don't forget Lauren is competing against you for Daniel. You don't want to lose Daniel to your rival, do you?"

Wendy shook her head negatively.

"Then you'll have to listen to me and trust me."

"Okay, Sarah."

Sarah pulled out some laminated pictures from a folder and showed them to Wendy one-by-one.

"Do you know what these are?"

Wendy knew the answer the moment she saw the first picture. The pictures were almost exact matches to the ones she saw in her physiology class. They were graphical representations of female reproductive anatomy, showing the exterior, interior, and cross-sectional view of the woman's vagina and the other parts associated with sexual reproduction.

"Those are all pictures of a woman's vagina."

"What do you feel?"

"Ummm..." Wendy didn't know how to answer that question. Was she suppose to feel arouse by those kinds of images?

Sarah gave the answer. "You're supposed to feel lust. This is a vagina of a woman. Since you're pretending to be a lesbian, you need to feel lust whenever you see something sexually suggestive."

"But those are scientific pictures, not pornography."

"It's all up to the viewer. You're feeling at least a little aroused at those pictures, aren't you?"

Wendy realized that she was, or at least thought she was. However, she couldn't tell whether it was due to Sarah's suggestion or her own accord. Sarah then put all of the pictures away and turned on her computer from standby mode.

"You don't want to lick the pussy of a girl, but what if I ask you to lick the pussy of a virtual girl, can you do it?"

"Maybe..."

"Remember, Wendy, it's all pretend since it's all an act. Doing it on a virtual girl makes it even more so."

"I guess it's okay."

"So, it's a yes. That means you can do it."

Sarah first showed a picture of an attractive woman posing nude in front of a satin backdrop. It wasn't the picture that she wanted, so she pressed a key on the keyboard several times until a high resolution, close-up pussy shot of the same girl was shown. The pussy was shaved clean.

"See the beautiful pussy?"

Wendy nodded her head.

"Kiss it."

"How?"

"Didn't I say it was pretend? Kiss the monitor. It's a virtual pussy kiss."

Slowly, Wendy moved her lips forward until it was close to the surface of the monitor. Her eyes unerringly focused on the sexual image in front of her as she did so. Wendy held her soft lips several millimeters from the screen and hesitated for a bit before she kissed the screen image of the pussy while closing her eyes. When she broke off from the kiss, a faint, wet outline of her lips can be seen on spot of the monitor where she had kissed.

"That's good, Wendy. I want you do it again one more time and we'll move on another picture."

Wendy kissed the image of the pussy again. This time she put a bit more enthusiasm in the act since she had gotten over the initial shock of kissing a monitor screen. It was a fake pussy and not a real one. She could easily do this a thousand times.

"So what does it taste like?"

"Umm..."

"Imagine what it tastes like. Come on, it's not that hard."

"It tastes... sweet?"

"Like?"

Wendy thought about the delicious candy that Sarah had introduced her to. "It tastes like the candy that I've just tried."

"Good. Now I want you to imagine the taste when you kiss pussies again."

Sarah moved the mouse and clicked on it several times. An image of another pussy appeared. There was more to the picture than just the pussy this time. Red-nailed fingers pulled aside the red thong that covered the pussy. The lower lips were parted to reveal the beautiful interior of the love canal.

Closing her eyes, Wendy directed her lips at the pussy on the screen and kissed the monitor. She tried imagining the sweet taste of the exotic candy when she did so. It wasn't that hard. When the kiss ended, Sarah showed another picture, and Wendy kissed again. This repeated five more times. 

"I want you do more than a simple kiss this time, Wendy. Imagine you're making out with the pussy that you're seeing on the screen. Do a French kiss. Use some tongue action."

Wendy did just that. It was easier than doing real sexual acts with other girls such as Sarah. She smooched the smooth surface of the screen several times, pretending that it was the real thing, though she still felt a bit of unease at doing this. Her tongue extended outward from between her glossy pink lips in a lewd manner and touched the screen, right in the spot where the lovely lower lips of the woman were shown. It slid up and down along the surface of the monitor, making the spot where she was kissing slick with saliva, which glistened under the bedroom light. Wendy spread her arms out a bit and held onto the edges of the table for support. 

A part of Wendy's blue satin panties were revealed as bent herself forward more in order to make the kissing easier. Sarah's eyes wandered to Wendy's inviting behind when that happened. She longed for the day to lick Wendy's pussy but knew that it would've to wait. 

Wendy's ass was swaying slightly, indicating that she was getting into the act. Her realistic motions made it seemed as if Wendy was kissing the pussy of a real woman. The action of Wendy's behind was so tempting that Sarah was unable to resist what she was about to do.

Suddenly, Wendy felt Sarah's warm hand on her ass but tolerated it, thinking that it was part of the whole training. Because Sarah had done it on her so many times, Wendy was starting to get use to the unexpected touching. Sarah squeezed Wendy's ass softly several times, causing Wendy to grunt lightly after each squeeze. While still touching her ass, Sarah went closer to Wendy and bent forward until her breasts were in contact with Wendy's back. Her hands slid upwards to Wendy's waist, touching some of the naked, exposed skin beneath the lower hem of Wendy's red low-cut top and the upper hem of Wendy's white jeans with her fingers. 

She was now hugging Wendy intimately from behind. Her hands traced along the outer curves of Wendy's body up to her breasts. Sarah moved her lips close to Wendy's right ear and whispered, "Mmmm... That pussy is delicious. I bet you want to lick more pussy after this. It's so sexy and hot. It gives you so much pleasure."

Wendy only gave a unintelligible murmur in response as Sarah caressed her body while she continued licking the monitor screen that showed the pussy. With several clicks of the mouse, Sarah changed the image that was shown on screen. It was the pussy of another hot girl. 

"Do it again. Lick the pussy that you see. You love to taste delectable pussies of beautiful girls."

Without rejecting Sarah's statements, Wendy resumed licking the screen. Sarah's words were so soothing and she currently wasn't doing anything too gross. Wendy felt no reason to go against what Sarah had said. Knowing that it was the perfect moment to go deeper, while still hugging Wendy, Sarah slowly undid the studded belt of Wendy's white jeans. She then unzipped the fly and reached with her right hand inside Wendy's blue panties, slowly reaching for her pussy. Once Sarah's fingers reached to Wendy's love petals, she noticed that it was already wet, but Sarah was going to make it even more lubricated by rubbing her clit. Pretty soon, sensual moaning sounds were coming out from Wendy's mouth as Sarah continued stroking her nether regions and caressing her breasts. Sarah kissed and licked her ear and cheek while whispering sweet words that made Wendy's heart flutter. However, Sarah didn't work Wendy's to an orgasm yet because she was going to save for the latter part of the lesson, which was going to be more exciting compared to what Wendy was doing now.

After Wendy had licked the images of pussies of five more girls, Sarah decided to move on to the next step, but not before playing with Wendy's body a bit more first. 
