 Wendy woke up the next morning. Her blonde hair was in disarray. While going through her usual morning routine, she tried recalling the details of last night's dream but had difficulty doing so. All she could remember were vague images of herself and Sarah holding hands and dancing together in some strange place. Unexpectedly, her attempts at recalling the dream during her morning shower made her horny, and Wendy had to relieve her sudden horniness by plunging her fingers into her smoothly shaven cunt. The raining droplets of water from the shower head tickled her hardened nipples. Wendy couldn't resist reaching a hand to her breast to relieve the pressure. When she tried to summon heterosexual thoughts, Sapphic imagery somehow got mixed it, but she didn't really care. She was too horny to resist the stream of images involving herself and Sarah in various sexual situations. Pretty soon she grunted, signaling the onset of her orgasm.

As scheduled by Sarah, Wendy went to the corner of the street that was one block down from her house to meet up with her. The foxy girl was relaxing on the side of her vehicle while waiting for Wendy, and smiled as she got close. Looking at Sarah this morning made Wendy's heart stir a bit. Wendy unconsciously eye Sarah up, whose body looked very sexy in the shiny silver keyhole camisole with spaghetti straps and white low-rise flare-legged jeans. A sexy fish tail style hair braid complemented Sarah's look. 

Knowing the routine, Wendy said, "I love you, Sarah," and kissed her on the lips after doing an embrace. Sarah ran her fingers through the blonde strands of Wendy's hair as she pushed her C-cup breasts onto Wendy's similarly-sized ones. 

They got into the car and drove off to the usual spot next to a large park. Breaking off from the usual routine of making out in the car, Sarah took Wendy to the park and sat together on a bench near a large pond. At that moment the area was completely devoid of people, save for a few joggers in the distance across the pond. A feeling of serenity surrounded the whole place. Morning doves cooed their brief but elegant melodies. Leaves of trees rustled in the gentle wind. The sun had barely risen above the horizon, but the girls could already feel the warm caress of the sun's rays.

"It's a fine morning, isn't it?" asked Sarah.

"Yes, it's a lovely morning."

Sarah tilted Wendy's chin upwards and looked longingly at her heart-shaped face, admiring her beauty, before caressing her cheek and tucking some blonde locks away from Wendy's face behind her ear. 

"The sex show at Rebecca's beach house is coming up soon. We have to hurry up on your training. You've been practicing, have you?"

"Yes, I have," reply Wendy as she recalled the grueling masturbation sessions she had last night.

"Good, we'll advance further this afternoon. Now, let's continue practicing on what you've learned so far. Practice makes perfect."

Sarah caressed Wendy's cheek for a few more moments before she kissed her, who responded in kind by kissing back and then sucking on Sarah's lower lip. Wendy's tongue then came out from its hiding place and rubbed horizontally between the full width of Sarah's glossy pink lips before plunging into the moist, sweet interior of her mouth, feeling its inviting warmth. With one hand cupping the back of Wendy's head, Sarah rested her other hand on Wendy's hips and felt up her body through the fabric of the white lace trimmed top with floral designs. Slowly, her hand moved to Wendy's ass and squeezed it tightly through the black low-rise tight-fitting skinny jeans. At one point, Sarah broke the kiss momentarily to lick along the length of Wendy's straight nose until she almost reached her eye.

Wendy mirrored most of what Sarah did, but her actions were bolder. After feeling Sarah's thighs, ass, and waist, she moved one of her hands directly to Sarah's breast and squeezed it through the shiny fabric of the camisole before venturing boldly within its upper folds to touch her skin directly. Sarah sighed and pushed her breast on Wendy's hand to receive more of the sensation. Eventually one strap of Sarah's camisole was pulled down, revealing her red strapless bra. Wendy's glossy pink nails dug on the skin of Sarah's breast, squeezing them with need. Sarah didn't mind the partial disrobing, for she was thoroughly enjoying Wendy's touches. The two girls almost looked like sisters engaging in an incestuous lesbian act. That was what the middle-aged female jogger briefly thought as she slowly jogged past them. Sarah glanced at the female jogger, noticing how damp her spandex shorts were getting when she passed by. They continued touching and kissing each other with abandon until it was time to leave for school. At the end, Wendy found herself yearning for more intimacy. Her lips continued moving forward to seek a target even after Sarah retracted herself from Wendy.

"What's the matter, Wendy? Can't get enough of me?"

"No, I just want to practice more." Wendy doesn't know why she'd said that. Those words seemed to have come automatically from her mouth.

"You'll get lots of practice after school. Just be patient. We'll have to go now or else we'll be late."

Wendy encountered Madelynn in the first floor hallway at school and was surprised to see her best friend changing to a different look. Although she was dressed in her usual drab clothes which consisted of an unrevealing gray hoodie, ordinary jeans, and penny loafers, her face and hair were different. Gone were her thick-rimmed glasses and mousy brown hair. Instead of the usual brunette color, her hair was now dyed black with purple highlights for good measure. Her eyes were emphasized with black eyeliner with hints of black eye shadow. She now wore contacts. Without the glasses, the beauty of her round face was more evident.

"What's with the new look, Madelynn? Are you into the Goth scene now?"

"No, not really. I'm just experimenting with new looks."

Madelynn couldn't resist giving her friend's body more than a cursory glance. Even though she knew it was wrong, she wonder what it's like to touch and feel Wendy's body. "Ugghh! I need to stop thinking about my friend like that! I should be resisting!" she thought.

"What's wrong? Is there something on my body?"

"Oh no, it's nothing."

"Have you watched the news last night?"

"No, not really. I was kind of busy."

"I guess you missed it then. There was this hilarious moment: they showed a sketch of a criminal suspect, and he looked exactly like the news anchor guy who was reporting it!"

Madelynn chuckled. "He's probably going to be getting some annoying calls and a visit from the cops."

"If he's the real suspect, it would've been even funnier!"

"Yeah, that would be like reporting his own crime on live TV!"

Wendy's eyes blinked. "Damn it, I forgot to bring my math book. Can you lend me yours after your math class is over?"

"Sure."

"Thanks a million, Maddy; you're such a life saver."

Wendy surprised Madelynn with a brief kiss on the left side of her cheek. Madelynn had never been kissed like that before by her friend.

"See ya!"

Madelynn's face reddened after the friendly kiss. She placed her fingers on the spot where Wendy had pecked. Her heart was beating fast, and she felt aroused. Madelynn briefly imagined the kiss going further before she stopped her imagination from becoming even wilder. 

"What's wrong with me?! Why can't I control my own thoughts?!!" thought Madelynn while looking at her friend's round ass as she walked away from her. A brief image of herself kissing Wendy's ass and licking along the crevice appeared in her overactive mind. She made a futile attempt to chase away the libidinous thought.

Wendy had difficulty focusing in class, and she blamed it the recent thoughts she have been having lately. The upcoming sex show, Sarah's vigorous training, and Daniel occupied her mind most of the time. She was anxious about the whole thing, and wanted nothing more than to get the whole lesbian ordeal over with. However, at the same time, her other self thought differently. She had this strong subconscious desire to prolong her training under Sarah. Having no sexual experience with boys, but lots of sexual experience with the same sex, her mind was increasingly associating sexual pleasure with girls over time. This caused a feeling of ambivalence within her that she found difficult to reconcile.

The prospect of having more sexual practice with Sarah in the late afternoon made Wendy's pussy moist. During her first period class, she struggled with her horniness and attempt to relieve it by slowly rubbing her legs together to stimulate her pussy. She bit her lower lip and closed her eyes as the images of licking herself Sarah's pussy ventured into her mind. Hardly any mental resistance was put up to these invasive thoughts. Days before she wouldn't have visualize such nasty imagination, but now it almost seemed natural.

Madelynn was in a world of sexual turmoil during her P.E. class. She sat alone on the lowest row of the bleachers in the gym while watching her classmates play. The lust that had been ingrained in her mind and body were now coming out in full force. She couldn't resist ogling at the attractive bodies of her female classmates who were playing basketball and volleyball. The voice of rationality in the back of her mind was getter weaker as her fantasies grew stronger. Madelynn imagined the girls completely naked while they were playing their games. She also imagined herself fondling them and kissing them in every manner imaginable. Her tongue ran along her lips unconsciously as the scenes of debauchery played in her mind. With a lot effort, she tried to chase away those thoughts, but they always came back in within moments. At one point, she almost placed her hand within her shorts in front of her classmates, but resisted at the last moment.

Unable to stand it anymore, Madelynn dashed to the girl's restroom and frigged herself inside a stall while effortlessly imagining herself in a three-way with Jennifer and Bethany, two of the most attractive girls in her class. Madelynn was so immersed in her own actions that she hadn't noticed the sound of steps coming into the restroom. The door to her stall, which she had forgotten to lock, suddenly opened. Then there was a sudden flash of light. Madelynn was shocked by the unexpected intrusion. She was caught in the act by another girl whom she recognized as one of Rebecca's friends. The worst part was the girl standing in front of her now had photographic evidence.

"Imagine what other people would think when they see this picture. They would be shocked to find out that the nerdy and prudish Madelynn is actually a horny nympho!" said Lauren with a devilish smile. Though Lauren was in a different P.E. class, her class shared the same gymnasium as Madelynn's class. She had been observing Madelynn for a while and couldn't resist this opportunity to have some fun with her.

"Please don't show the picture to anyone!"

"Then do me a favor."

"What do I have to do?" asked Madelynn, who quickly had an idea what the request was based on the lecherous stare of Lauren's eyes.

"Kiss me."

Madelynn reluctantly moved forward and gave a brief peck on Lauren's lips.

"You can do better than that. I know what you've been doing with Elena lately. Show me the slut inside you."

"How could she know about it?" Madelynn wondered worriedly as she stepped forward to kiss Lauren a second time.

This time she let loose the mental restraints that she had placed on herself and let her implanted lesbian desires take over. The pent-up lust that's being building since the beginning class impelled her to kiss Lauren forcefully. Lauren directed Madelynn's hands to her waist in a hugging position before she explored Madelynn's body with her hands.

"Why am I feeling so aroused by her? What's going on with me?!" thought Madelynn.

Lauren's hand slipped into the front side of Madelynn's gym shorts and panties and she began teasing her pussy by sliding her index finger up and down the wet slit a few times before plunging in, causing Madelynn to moan through the kiss. Just when Madelynn thought the finger fucking would continue, Lauren pulled out her fingers out and ran her hand around her waist to her ass. She squeezed it once before moving into the crevice. With her forefinger, she teased the crack of her ass by sliding it up and down. Not having been touched in that place before, Madelynn was a bit excited, yet fearful at the same time. 

When Madelynn felt the tip of Lauren's finger teasing her anus, she protested weakly, "No, not in there!"

The protest was ignored for Lauren proceeded to push her finger into the puckered hole. After some twisting and constant application of pressure, she managed to get her manicured finger in. The finger-fucking Madelynn's ass began in earnest. It went on for a few minutes before Lauren decided it was time to get herself relief. She placed both hands on Madelynn's shoulders and slowly pushed her downward to her knees before pulling down her own gym shorts and purple panties.

"Lick me."

"I can't!"

"Yes, you can. You're a lesbian now and all lesbians love licking pussies."

Madelynn looked trepidly at the smooth, hairless bush in front of her. While she has had her own pussy licked by Elena and Maria, it was an entirely different matter for her to lick another girl's pussy. She was mentally unprepared for the sudden demand. Sensing that Madelynn was trying to stall, Lauren grabbed the back of Madelynn's head and forcibly pushed it towards her crotch. Madelynn had no choice but to begin working her tongue on Lauren's pussy to an orgasm. The fact that Lauren had a church-going, goody-two-shoes girl going down on her aroused her even more. She grabbed Madelynn's hands and directed them to her ass. Instinctively, Madelynn grabbed Lauren's ass as she resumed licking.

"Yes, right there! Uhhhhhh... Ahhhhhhhhh!!"

The sound of Lauren's shuddering orgasm echoed loudly in the girl's restroom, scaring away one girl who was about to go in after she realized what was happening in there. After Lauren quickly regained her senses, she looked down at Madelynn, who was whimpering. 

"Need relief?"

"Y-Yes." Madelynn didn't want to say it, but she was unable to ignore the sexual need of her body. The urge was gnawing at her like some wild animal.

"Then pull down your shorts and panties."

"Right here?! What if someone comes in and sees us? Can't we get in a stall?"

"It's awwwright." Lauren quickly kneeled and yanked down Madelynn's blue gym shorts and purple satin panties at the same time. Madelynn was too far gone with lust to resist Lauren's sexual forwardness. A loud gasp escaped from Madelynn's mouth when Lauren stabbed her tongue into the wet folds of Madelynn's pussy, which was already overflowing with natural lubricating juices at this point.

Being an expert cunt licker, Lauren quickly drove Madelynn to heights of pleasure. It was so overwhelming that in those moments Madelynn didn't care whether not she was becoming a lesbian. Pleasure was dominating her mind and body. She almost came as loudly as Lauren did in the restroom. Her body bucked as the orgasm coursed throughout her body. It almost caused her to lose her balance and she had to place her hands on the edge of the sink for support. Both girls panted heavily afterwards. But, that wasn't all, Lauren gave Madelynn one last deep kiss before letting her go.

During lunch period, Sarah and Wendy ventured out of the school grounds to have lunch at a Subway restaurant. While they waited in line, Sarah surprised Wendy with a sudden demand to kiss.

"Let's kiss."

"In front of everyone?! What if they think that we're... you know..."

"This will help you prepare for the show since we're going to be performing for an audience. One of the worse things that could happen is stage fright."

Sarah didn't wait for Wendy to respond. She quickly moved her pursed lips toward Wendy's face. Without questioning Sarah any further, Wendy accepted Sarah's kiss. Most of the people waiting in line ignored them while some of the women looked away, obviously disgusted by the scene. However, there was a woman who was looking at them in a particular way, and Sarah remembered that she was the female jogger who passed by her and Wendy this morning. Embarrassed that she was caught staring at them by Sarah, the woman in the business power suit made a dash to the ladies room. Sarah passionately kissed Wendy while thinking of what to do with that businesswoman. Before that thought had finished, it was their turn to order. Sarah ordered some sandwiches, drinks, and one strawberry smoothie. 

"How are we going to share the smoothie? Don't we need an extra cup?"

"No, silly, we're going to drink from the same cup."

They chose a table near the window.

"Come on, let's drink the smoothie together." Sarah placed two straws in the cup.

"But people might think we're in a relationship!"

"People won't care. Even if they do, they'll forget about quickly. And besides, it's for your training."

Wendy hesitantly placed the striped straw between her lips and drank the smoothie with Sarah. She was still worried about people looking at them and thinking that they're lesbians. But, she found herself relaxing when she looked at Sarah's beautiful oval-shaped face. There was this strange surrealistic beauty about Sarah that she couldn't quite put it a finger on. She hadn't realized it until now. The sudden feeling of Sarah's foot touching hers snapped Wendy out of her trance. Knowing that Sarah wanted to play footsie again, she touched Sarah's leg with her tip of her own foot. Several horny male customers turned their heads around to look. Wendy's fears had become a reality, but now she was wholly unaware of people watching her because she was too focused on Sarah. Noticing that the businesswoman who had dashed away previously was now standing outside the window, Sarah licked her lips at the woman and pressed her foot to Wendy's pussy causing her to moan loudly. 

Several hours later, Wendy was at Sarah's house. The drive from school to her house had been delayed because of an unexpected traffic jam on the freeway. Not wanting to waste any more time, Sarah quickly briefed Wendy on what the current lesson would entail.

"You're going to take another major step in your training today, Wendy. Can you guess what today's training is going to be about?"

For some reason, the image of herself licking Sarah's pussy popped in Wendy's mind. Though that gave her the answer, she was reluctant to say it. The words got caught in her throat. Something was holding her back.

"Are you that clueless, Wendy? Let me tell you then: you will do some real pussy licking."

"Pussy licking?" Those words triggered a vague memory within Wendy's mind. Wasn't she supposed to be repulsed with oral sex on girls? Why was she feeling so relaxed now and actually looking forward to it?

"Yes, you're going to go down on me. But, before that you're going to get a massage. Have you ever had a massage?"

"No, but I've seen people do it on TV."

"Good, then this will be your first time! It's going to be a great experience for you."

Wendy followed Sarah upstairs. Once they got into Sarah's room, they placed their backpacks in a corner.

"We have to take off our clothes."

Sarah turned around so that her back was facing Wendy. With widened eyes, Wendy watched transfixed as Sarah rolled up the bottom hem of her silver camisole. Slowly, Sarah's lithe arms rose up, taking the camisole along with it. The flawless skin of Sarah's upper body was revealed inch-by-inch starting with her belly, which was flat and well-toned from countless cheerleading exercises. Her belly button piercing shimmered. Sarah's disrobing was so teasingly slow that it seemed almost surreal. Once the lower hem had rolled up to Sarah's breasts, Wendy developed a sudden aching urge to touch and suck on those gravity-defying breasts. Her lips parted slightly in sexual expectation as she briefly imagined herself sucking on Sarah's hooters. Knowing that Wendy was excited by her, Sarah gave her a knowing a smile.
