 With the final rehearsal for the show done, Sarah used the remaining time for some fun and relaxation. They first played some video games on Sarah's multiple gaming consoles, followed by several games of chess, in which Sarah beat Wendy soundly in every round. Wendy was surprised that she was being routed repeatedly in a game she thought that she was fairly good at. She never expected Sarah's skill level to be so high.

"Do you play chess a lot?" asked Wendy after the last game.

"No, this my first time playing in years."

"But you play so well."

"My parents said that I have a knack for it. Back then when I was in fifth grade, I won first place in a local chess tournament."

"Wow, Sarah, you're so good at everything! Have you tried the statewide chess tournaments?"

"No, I wasn't interested in them even though my parents encouraged me to go. I just think of chess as a casual game, not as something I want to compete in. Anyway, I've enough of chess for tonight; let's watch a movie."

"What kind of movie are we going to watch?" asked Wendy as she sat on the pink leather sofa.

"A romantic movie." Sarah handed Wendy a Blu-ray disc box cover.

Wendy was a bit shocked after making a quick glance. It was a lesbian romance movie. Even though Sarah had previously made her watch a lot of lesbian porn for the training, Wendy felt somewhat uncomfortable at the subject matter of the movie. Since she wasn't doing training right now, she would've preferred that Sarah had chosen some other movie, or at least one that was about heterosexual relationships.

"Why are we watching a romantic lesbian movie?" asked Wendy nicely.

"You don't want to?"

"No, it's just kind of... Never mind." Wendy's facial expression revealed her unease.

"It's actually a great movie. I've watched it several times myself. You need to be more open-minded, Wendy, even if you're straight."

"I guess you're right."

"Good, then let's watch it."

The movie was about two girls who knew each other since childhood. One was raised in a prim and proper family while the other was raised in a more liberal family. As they matured, they began to find out about their sexuality. They later fell in love with one another, but it wasn't easy sailing. They went through many trials and tribulations together, including objections from their own families. Eventually, the two girls overcame all obstacles and had a happy ending.

At first, Wendy watched with half-hearted interest. However, as the movie went on, she became increasingly focused on the movie. She was so into the movie that she didn't notice Sarah's hand slowly creeping onto her thigh and lightly caressing it until she felt Sarah's warm breath on her ear.

"Aren't those two girls hot?" whispered Sarah as they both watched the sensual make out scene between the two female protagonists.

"Yeah, I think so."

"Their kissing is so sexy that it's making me hot. Don't you feel hot?"

"No, not really," replied Wendy nervously as she turned around to face Sarah.

"Come on, not even a little? Don't you at least feel a little bit hot?" Sarah moved her lips close to Wendy's face.

"Maybe a little."

"Sarah, what are you doing?"

"We're going to kiss of course."

"But isn't the training over?" Even as Wendy was saying that her heart was starting to beat faster.

"Yes, but it doesn't mean we can't have some fun together."

Wendy wanted to resist, but found herself unable to. The sudden feelings engendered by Sarah's intimate closeness were starting to overwhelm her. Within moments, she was smothered by Sarah's passionate kiss and felt the weight of Sarah's warm body pressing onto hers. Their tongues twirled around each other as they exchanged saliva. Just as Wendy was starting to get into it, Sarah ended the kiss and released her hold on Wendy. Consciously, Wendy was glad Sarah didn't take it too far, but subconsciously her body wanted more.

When the movie ended, Sarah asked, "So how was the movie, Wendy?"

"I think the movie's pretty good. I'm happy they could finally be together after what they've been through."

"Wendy, did you notice that you share something in common with them?"

"Something in common?"

"Isn't it obvious, Wendy? For the sake of love, the two girls were willing to make personal sacrifices and go through a lot of hardships. You're kind of like them. You went through all the training for sake of winning Daniel's love."

A dreamy look appeared on Wendy's face. "I hope it'll work out well tomorrow night."

Sarah placed a hand on Wendy's shoulder. "Stay positive, Wendy. Think of winning, not losing."

"You're helping me so much, Sarah. I can never thank you enough."

"It's alright, Wendy. I doing this for you because you're my good friend."

After Sarah and Wendy did some stretches and refreshed themselves, they took a bath together. Wendy was initially reluctant of the idea of sharing a bath with Sarah, but through some gentle persuasion, Wendy agreed. Sarah's pretext for the bath was that it was a good way to unwind after a vigorous day, but her real motives of course went beyond that.

To set a romantic atmosphere for the bath, Sarah had previously placed special decorations to the bathroom. Scented red candles and small vases of flowers were placed in eye-catching locations. The lights were dimmed to give the illumination from the candles more prominence.

"Sarah, you're doing so much for just a bath."

"You don't like it?"

"No, I really like it. The decorations give out a good atmosphere."

Sarah turned on the Jaccuzi tub faucet and poured in the special bubble bath soap. It was pink in color and had a syrup-like viscosity. Even from a distance, Wendy noticed that it had a smell of strawberry fragrance. For the added touch, Sarah sprinkled several handfuls of aromatic red and pink flower petals on the water.

"Then it's alright. As long as you like it, everything's fine. Come on, let's take off our clothes and get into the tub. I'm starting to feel cold." Sarah made a show of shivering her body.

As the tub began filling up with warm water, the two girls proceeded to take off their clothes. Sarah intentionally took hers off more slowly, allowing Wendy to finish first.

"Wendy, can you take off my bra and panties for me?"

"Sure." Wendy fumbled a bit while unhooking Sarah's silver satin bra before taking it off, inadvertently feeling the warm skin of her body in the process. She then pulled down Sarah's panties, feeling along the entire length of Sarah's legs along the way. Sarah subtly pushed her legs against Wendy's hands, making Wendy felt even more of Sarah's skin. In her mind, Wendy downplayed the tingling sexual feelings that was invoked by what she had just done.

The water in the tub swirled with powerful currents as the pump churned it endlessly. Very quickly the tub was filled to the brim with foam and frothy bubbles. The larger bubbles shined in array of multiple ever-changing colors. Sarah got into the tub first. She raised one of her legs and dipped one dainty foot into the water, followed by her other foot. The gracefulness of the action attracted Wendy's attention. Wendy got into the tub in a similar manner afterwards.

It started out like a regular bubble bath as Wendy had hoped and expected. They scrubbed themselves like they usually would during a bath. However, Sarah turned it in a kinky direction. She slowly inched towards Wendy, and before Wendy knew it, Sarah was playfully scrubbing her body. Wendy reciprocated and cleaned Sarah's body with her own scrubber. Soon, Sarah's body was touching Wendy's, which made Sarah's nipples harden with arousal. Wendy found herself feeling a bit aroused too.

"Oops, I'm sorry." Sarah backed off a bit. "Can you help me clean my pussy, Wendy?"

"Okay."

As Wendy kneeled down to clean it, Sarah backed away from her with a smile on face. Wendy walked on her knees and bridged the distance. Right when Wendy was about to use the scrubber, Sarah walked backwards again. Thinking that Sarah was just playing with her, Wendy followed. This repeated until Sarah was at the edge of the Jacuzzi tub. She sat down and raised one leg to the side with her foot resting on the edge. Her body gleamed beautifully under the candle light that also highlighted her sexy curves. In teasing motions, Sarah ran a finger up and down her slit.

Sarah's hand motions on her crotch and the way her sexy body was shining from the coating of soap water was drawing a lot of Wendy's attention. She moved forward on her knees slowly with her eyes transfixed on the moist, pink area outlined by Sarah's fingers. The motions were almost hypnotic to Wendy, who licked her lips in anticipation.

"Clean it with your mouth."

Even without that command, Wendy would've done it on her own accord. Absentmindedly, she dropped the scrubber in the bubbly water. Her eyes never left the sight of Sarah's pussy as she continued moving closer to it. She parted her wet lips and kissed Sarah's pussy. It was wet and swelling from arousal.

"Mmmmmmm..."

Wendy's tongue slip pass her lips and moved in vertical motions along Sarah's box. Whatever the reason that Sarah had for Wendy to lick her pussy didn't matter to Wendy. All she cared about at that moment was fulfilling Sarah's request to do it, which she was more than happy to oblige. Filled suddenly with lust, her mind had stopped rationalizing on her actions.

"Part my lower lips with your fingers. It'll help your tongue go in easier."

With her index and middle fingers, Wendy pried Sarah's delicious clam apart. She stabbed her tongue into the hole, causing Sarah to moan. 

"Stroke yourself, Wendy."

Wendy removed one hand from Sarah's clitoral folds and lowered it into the water to stroke her own pussy, which was now as puffy with arousal as the one she was licking. Sarah tightened her wet thighs around Wendy's head and gripped her matted blonde hair when her orgasm came.

"Oh yeah, that was one great orgasm."

After some heavy panting, Sarah asked, "Ever tried anal masturbation, Wendy?"

"No, I haven't. I think it's kind of... weird and unnatural."

"But, it gives you a lot of pleasure, Wendy. If you think it's gross, I'll let you do me instead then."

From a white box that was lying on the edge of the tub, Sarah pulled out a pink jelly double dildo. It wiggled as she handed over to Wendy, who simply stared at it dumbfoundedly as Sarah got into a position conducive to the impending anal activity. She rested her elbows and the front side of her body at the edge of the tub with her ass facing Wendy.

"Lube it with your spit."

Wendy spat on the tip of the dildo.

"No, not like that. Use a gob of spit. Yes, like that."

A big gob of spit dripped from Wendy's mouth and landed right on the pink tip.

"Now suck on it."

Wendy's mouth engulfed a portion of the dildo. Slowly, but skillfully, she mimicked a blowjob with it.

"Enough, now stick it inside me."

The tight puckered hole in front of her looked so small. Wendy wondered if it will actually fit without hurting Sarah. Gradually, she inserted the lubricated end of the dildo into the hole, gripping Sarah's ass with one hand for support. Wendy tried being careful in not hurting her. 

"Is it deep enough?"

"More."

"What about now?"

"Ugghhh..."

"Am I hurting you, Sarah?"

"Not, I'm fine... Just push it in a little bit more... Good, stop. Now move it out and back in repeatedly."

Using the same speed as before, Wendy pulled the dildo out and pushed it back in.

"Faster! Uhhhh... Uhhh... Ohhhh..."

The very audible moans of pleasure that Sarah was making shattered Wendy's negative views on anal sex. Judging by the way Sarah was reacting to the dildo that was going in and out of her ass, Wendy now became curious about it even though she still had some reservations. 

"Get your head underneath my pussy and lick it," said Sarah through her gasps and pants as she raised her hips higher.

Wendy flipped her own body so that she was lying on the side of the tub on her back. Sarah's pussy was mere inches above her face. Wrapping an arm around each of Sarah's legs for support, Wendy raised her lips and licked her pussy again.

"Stroke yourself."

Even before Sarah said that, Wendy's hand had already instinctively moved to her own quivering cunt while her other hand continued working the dildo in Sarah's anus. For over fifteen minutes, they were engaged in simultaneous oral and anal sex. With repeated intensive finger motions, Wendy eventually came. It happened just a short moment before Sarah's orgasm. 

Afterwards, they shaved their pussies. Just like the time when they first bathe together, Sarah helped shaved Wendy's pussy, but there was more intimacy this time. She applied the shaving cream and used a disposable razor. Her shaving strokes were deliberately slow in order to maximize Wendy's immersion in the sensual activity. Once Sarah was done shaving her, she gently blew on Wendy's pussy, causing Wendy to quiver slightly.

"Now your pussy all beautiful and hairless. It's my turn now."

Once they got back to Sarah's bedroom, the two girls painted each others fingernails and toenails. Sarah chose the glittery red color while Wendy opted for glittery pink. Wendy got hers done first. Sarah applied the primer, then the base coat, followed by the top coat of pink lacquer. It was the first time Wendy had put on glittery nail polish, and she couldn't resist looking at the wonderful way her nails sparkled. As her finger nails were being done, Wendy found her eyes irresistibly drawn to Sarah's face. Right after Sarah was finished doing Wendy's toe nails, Sarah gave a gentle kiss on top of Wendy's foot.

"Sarah, what are you..."

The kiss ended before Wendy could finish.

"Sorry, Wendy. Your feet is so beautiful that I have at least give it one kiss."

Later that night, Wendy went to sleep with Sarah whose bed was large enough to accommodate several people. Right before Sarah turned off the lights, Wendy instinctively said, "I love you, Sarah." 

"I love you too, Wendy."

For a moment, Wendy wondered why she had said those words of affection. As if trying to correct a mistake, Wendy said to herself in her mind, "I love Daniel."

At around noon, Sarah and Wendy went together to Rebecca's beach house. Rebecca was sitting on a chair in the patio, awaiting their arrival. She stood up after Sarah and Wendy got of the vehicle.

"Hey, Sarah and Wendy, you guys are early."

"Traffic was smooth. Is everything setup yet?"

"Almost, we just need to wait for some more helpers to arrive."

"We can help too, if you want," Sarah offered.

"That's so kind of you, Sarah."

Many of Sarah's friends were there, including Melanie, Katherine, and about a dozen other girls and guys that Wendy haven't met before. Sarah introduced Wendy to the rest of her friends. Lauren and Cynthia, who were Rebecca's friends, were also there. Together they help finished the remaining preparations for the party that was going to happen in late afternoon.

The party began at 4 PM. Very soon, the beach house was filled with people, most of whom where Sarah's friends or the friends of her friends. A DJ provided the music and security was maintained by a group of hulking male guards. The large outdoor garden next to the house served as a dancing area. 

Wendy sat alone in a chair while watching the revelers have their fun. She refused the offers from various guys to dance with her. Sarah tapped Wendy's shoulder from behind, causing her to give a slight jerk.

"Why so glum, Wendy?"

"Where's Daniel? I thought he's coming to the party too."

"Have some patience, Wendy. He'll arrive soon. There's still a lot of time left before the show. Why don't we have some fun first?"

She clasped Wendy's hand and lifted her up. 

"But I don't know how to dance!"

"I'll teach you. It's not that hard. Come on."

Wendy had so much fun dancing with Sarah that Daniel wasn't on her mind throughout entire time of their dance.

"It's time, Wendy. We need to prepare for the show."

"Already? Wow, I almost forgot about it. Has Daniel arrived yet?"

"Rebecca just texted me that he's coming right now."

They went to a private bedroom and began preparing. First they took off their ordinary clothes and changed into skimpy outfits. Sarah's outfit was predominantly red and black in color. The first part of her outfit was an eye-catching bra that had shiny and sparkly red sequins on the cups. Along the edges of the bra were sheer frilly fringes of a bright black color. At each spot where the straps met the bra was red satin bow. A large laced red bow with a smaller red bow on top decorated the spot where the two cups met. The tails of the large bow hung down as far as the navel that had a dangling ruby piercing. Two frilly black bands, hanging individually in a parabolic shape on each side of Sarah's body, connected the spot between the cups to the spot where the bra straps met together. Around the waist was a red tulle skirt that opened up in the front, allowing the view of the red satin thong. Wrapping the top of the skirt a black satin belt that was tightened with a silver metal ring at the center. Running along the top of the skirt were embroidered flower designs. The lower part of the outfit consisted of crotch-high black fishnet stockings with a diamond pattern and shiny 4-inch red high heel pumps. Running along the lower arms were red fingerless arm gloves that started from the elbow and ended at the middle finger in a tapered, triangular shape. There was wide-spaced netting on one side and opaque satin fabric on the other. Finally there's a black fishnet choker decorated with small ruby jewels and three larger rubies hanging from three strands. Two dangling red ruby earrings completed the outfit. Wendy's outfit was the same except that the Wendy's colors was replaced with pink and white and the rubies replaced with hot pink topaz gemstones.

Makeup was next, and both of the girls were especially meticulous in applying them since many people were going to watch them during the show. Wendy applied the glittery pink lipstick on her lips followed by a glossy layer, then pink eye shadow on her eyelids, and later the white eyeliner on the lower edges. Finally, Wendy did the black mascara on her eyelashes. Sarah's makeup procedure was the same except that her lip color was red, her eye shadow was purple, and her eyeliner was black. To top it all off, the two girls sprinkled some glitter on each others hair. Sarah gave a smooch to the mirror. The two girls looked almost exactly alike with the obvious differences being the color of their outfits and that Wendy's hair style was done in double-braided pigtails. They were now ready to perform.

Sarah's cell phone rang. It was another text from Rebecca. "Daniel has arrived."

Upon hearing that, Wendy's heart began beating even faster than before from sheer anticipation and nervousness. By 8 PM, most of the revelers have left, save for a small group that stayed for the special sex show. The show was to take place in a large room. There was a small, raised platform near the center of the room, which served as a stage. On top of the stage were two transparent water beds that was illuminated from below with colored lights, giving one bed a distinct color of glowing pink and another a color of glowing blue. Spotlights hanging from the ceiling illuminated the stage that was partially surrounded by a semicircle of upholstered chairs. The performances of the two pairs of girls were to take place simultaneously. 

While they were waiting in the hallway for the signal get onto the stage, Wendy noticed the Lauren and Cynthia were wearing distinctively different outfits than what she and Sarah were wearing. Lauren was similary made up like Sarah with the bright eye colors and glossy metallic red lipstick, but without the glitter. On her upper body was a glossy black latex sleeveless crop top. Right on her navel was a silver and diamond jewelry piercing. A glossy black pleated latex mini-skirt wrapped around her hips. Her finger nails were metallic red, just like the nails on her feet, which were encased in transparent 6-inch stripper platform heels. Cynthia had the same outfit but it was in a shiny white color.
