 "Well, what are you waiting for? Lick my pussy!" demanded Tara.

Madelynn looked at the crotch in front of her that was hidden behind the red cotton thong. She wanted to get up from her kneeling position and run out of the parlor, but knew it would only make things worse. Closing her eyes, Madelynn moved her lips to Tara's crotch. A sigh escaped from Tara's lips upon contact. In a mixture of vertical and horizontal motions, Madelynn's tongue rubbed on Tara's pussy through the thong. After witnessing the beginning of the sexual activity, Elena casually walked to the main entrance of the shop and closed the door shut before turning the "open" neon sign off.

Tara pulled aside her thong to get the feeling of the teen girl's tongue directly. "Ohhhh... Ahhhhh... You're good... Now pull down my panties with your teeth."

The red thong was pulled down all the way to Tara's ankles after constant effort on Madelynn's part. Throughout those series of attempts Madelynn's face made contact with the skin of Tara's legs. Constant jeering from Tara didn't make things easier. The tanned girl delighted in calling Madelynn a "slut", "whore", "cunt", and all other female-oriented pejoratives she could think of. Madelynn was surprised to see a clitoral hood piercing on Tara, especially since it was her first sight of any female with such a piercing. Her short moment of awe was interrupted by Elena's voice.

"You should know what to do with your hands, or do you need some reminding?" warned Elena.

In several quick motions, Madelynn extended her left hand around Tara's thigh to cup one ass check while she reach beneath her leather skirt to stroke her pussy with the fingers of her other hand, forcing herself to become wet at licking another girl's pussy. Tara answered Madelynn's additional involvement by gripping onto Madelynn's black and purple hair and applying pressure on Madelynn's head with her thighs. All the teen girl was able to do was make muffled whimpers when her face was pressed harder on the pussy she was licking. 

Too aroused to just stay at the sidelines, Elena got herself involved in the sexual action. Madelynn didn't notice her Mistress until she felt two hands sliding pass underneath her arms to cup her breasts. Starting at the lower curves of the teen girl's breasts, Elena slid her palms upwards until she reached the perfect position in which to squeeze. Going for some rough action, Elena clenched the orbs forcibly, triggering a muffled protest from Madelynn. Bending her elbows, Elena pulled herself to Madelynn until their bodies touched. Madelynn could only squirm slightly when she felt the pointed nipples of Elena's PVC-encased breasts pressing on her naked back. Warm breath tickled Madelynn's left ear and, before she knew it, her ear was being kissed and nibbled by Elena's glossy blue lips. 

"You're my little lovely lesbian pet," whispered Elena when she pinched and teased Madelynn's nipples. Although Madelynn was slightly turned out by this reference, she hated the perverse words of affection.

One breast was freed when Elena repositioned her right hand beneath Madelynn's sternum. Starting at that spot, she pressed her palm and dragged it all the way down to Madelynn's crotch, all while savoring the smooth warmness of Madelynn's skin. 

"Move your fingers away from your pussy," said Elena as she lightly touched the back of Madelynn's hand.

Two of Elena's fingers slipped beneath the tight folds of the black PVC panties to touch the teen girl's clitoris. Elena pinched the pearl just enough to get a reaction from Madelynn. Afraid of being warned again for having idle hands, the teen girl moved the hand that had just been in her pussy to Tara's naked thigh. At that same moment, Tara placed one of her hands on the back of Madelynn's hand and interlocked fingers.

Stroke after stroke, Elena's digits danced vigorously within the teen girl's moist clam. Sometimes the gaps between the fingers would be widened as far as possible, exposing the nubile vaginal flesh to the air, as part of the series of movements where all sorts of random figures were drawn. Madelynn's breath became increasingly rapid over time. Sensing that Madelynn was about the cum, Elena withdrew her fingers from the teenage pussy.

"You won't get your orgasm just yet. Finish making Tara cum."

Tara's orgasm was finally triggered when Madelynn moved her tongue upwards. Acting on the knowledge gained from her brief experience of licking Elena's pussy and the lesbian pornos she had been forced to watch, Madelynn pushed her mouth as tightly against Tara's pussy as possible while fully engulfing it. In doing so, any fluid that came out as the result of the orgasm would be consumed.

"MMmmmmmm..."

After swallowing as much of the fluids as she could, Madelynn withdrew her mouth and tongue. Licking the area around her lips, she put on a satisfied look of savoring the flavor of Tara's orgasmic fluid. Despite her conscious denial, she was enjoying the taste of what she was drinking. Two hands clasped on the sides Madelynn's head. Guided by those hands, Madelynn got back up on her feet, but didn't stop there. Seeing the look on Tara's face, Madelynn knew a kiss would come next. The teen girl expected an ordinary kiss, but Tara's subsequent action was beyond what she had expected. Still feeling randy after her orgasm, Tara pushed her unembellished lips as tightly against Madelynn's glossy purple lips as possible before extending her tongue deep into Madelynn's mouth. Madelynn wanted to tone down the passion and gaudiness of the kiss, but unexpectedly found that her mouth wasn't acting the way she wanted it too. Driven by passion from an unknown source, she was unable to resist moving her lips and tongue as vigorously as Tara was moving hers. A break during the long kiss caused glistening saliva to overflow, which Tara eagerly devoured without hesitation. Short of breath, Madelynn's chest heaved with noticeable effort. However, Tara didn't relent, for her tongue continue its sensual assault. It slid along the underside of Madelynn's chin close to the Adam's apple before dragging all the way back to the teen girl's lower lip. A short lip lock finalized the kiss.

"You are as good of a kisser as you are a licker," commented Tara as she brushed a lock of black-dyed hair from Madelynn's face.

"Before we call it a night, there's one more thing Tara and I want to do. You may get dressed after its over."

Feeling disappointed, Madelynn had no choice but to follow the two girls to the back of the shop. Going through an acrylic beaded door curtain, the trio went down a flight of steps to the basement where various goods were stored. They went pass stacks of boxes and crates before going around a fancy stained-glass screen wall that partitioned the large room. It wasn't what Madelynn had expected at all.

"Why do they have these things here?" she wondered.

On the ceiling were about a dozen multi-colored spotlights. Right below them was a circular red carpet with three sofas along the periphery.

"Have a seat over there," said Elena, pointing a finger to a black sofa.

Techno music was started and the blinking spotlights turned on. Tara and Elena got themselves into position at the center of the red carpet. After giving Madelynn a sultry look, they both said in unison, "Enjoy the show."

While smiling at each other, Tara and Elena writhed their bodies in close contact together front-to-front and back-to-back with wavy sensuality. The dancing couple's actions were timed perfectly to the beat of the music. Combined with the lights and music, the erotic dancing had a strange hypnotic effect on Madelynn. The teen girl didn't even flinch when they gyrated their hips close to her, putting their crotches and asses in close proximity of her face, as if daring her to lick them. Consequently, Madelynn realized that she was getting aroused again. The fact that she had previously been denied an orgasm increased the need for release ten fold.

It was time for the striptease. Piece by piece, the two women removed their clothes in a slow and sensuous manner. Madeylnn found herself frozen by the erotic spectacle and subconsciously licked her lips with lust. The thought of looking away never occurred in the teen girl's mind. Though Madelynn was still desperately clinging to her heterosexual identity, she was unable to rationalize why she was ogling at the two women stripping before her. Near the end of the striptease, stripped down to their undergarments, Elena decided to do something special. After taking off her blue PVC panties, she tossed them to Madelynn, who caught them out of instinct.

"Smell it, lick it," said Elena huskily.

Addled with lust, it didn't take much effort for Madelynn to obey. She sniffed and licked the panties as if it was a prized dish, and did the same with the other pieces of undergarments that followed. Throughout the striptease, Madelynn's eyes would occasionally drift to the glinting jewelry on their bodies: the blue sapphire belly piercing and matching blue sapphire bangle on Elena, along with Tara's clitoral piercing and white topaz belly ring. Soon, it was time for the final act. Walking on barefoot, the two naked women closed in on the teen girl. Madelynn pressed her back tightly against the leather surface of the sofa like a cornered animal. Two pairs of lips descended on to Madelynn's for a simultaneous three-way kiss. A pair of hands unzipped and removed the teen girl's black leather skirt while another set of hands pulled down the black PVC panties. Some fingers tickled Madelynn's clitoris for several seconds before stopping suddenly, adding to her sexual agony.

Flashing blue lights shined on Madelynn's eyes. Blinking her eyelids, the teen girl noticed with surprise that it came from a crystal clear, colorless double dildo that Elena held in her hand. Besides the novelty lights was provided by the blue LEDs, the toy also had a vibration feature with adjustable speed settings.

"Is she going to use this on me?" thought the teen girl apprehensively.

"Lube this," said Elena as she handed Madelynn a bottle of lube and the dildo.

Holding the double dildo gingerly as if it was a stick of dynamite, Madelynn carefully squirted some of the clear paste on each end before spreading the lubricant around with her palms.

"Good, now stick it in my ass, slowly." Elena got on her fours on the red carpet. Tara got in a similar position with her ass facing opposite of Elena's.

Kneeling down between the two women to perform her task, a slight grimace appeared on the teen girl's face as she pushed the dildo into Elena's anus. In spite of her revulsion, Madelynn's left hand clutched onto the left side of Elena's ass as if by its own will for support. The same process was repeated with the other end of the double dildo in Tara's anus. Elena and Tara were eventually engaged together in an ass-to-ass configuration.

"I know you're dying for an orgasm, Maddy. You may stroke yourself with your fingers while watching us, but don't get off too quickly. Also, play with our bodies with your free hand. I don't care what you do as long as you can make us feel good."

The two women on the carpet pushed the dildo against each other's back doors with wild abandon. Hair swayed to and from, moving in sync with their dangling belly jewelry. Dangling breasts swung like pendulums. Grunts and pants filled the air. Elena bit her lower lip when she encountered a unexpected momentary spike of painful friction in her anus. Their rapid reciprocating motions gave the illusion that the blinking blue dildo was expanding and contracting itself between the two women's asses as if it was some giant worm. Mesmerized by the scene, Madelynn at first stroke her clit slowly, but soon picked up the pace. The teen girl's left hand landed on Elena's waist and slid sideways in slow motion to Elena's chest. One breast stopped swinging when Madelynn cupped and squeezed it tightly with her purple-nailed fingers. The touch felt so unexpectedly wonderful to Madelynn that she was afraid she might get addicted to breasts if Elena kept up with more these activities.

Not staying in one area, the curious hand moved on to explore the rest of Elena's hot body. It slid along Elena's shoulders, arms, and hands. Going back up, it caressed Elena's face and hair before rubbing all the way down to the small of Elena's back. No words from Elena were necessary now, for the teen girl's own lust and curiosity guided her. Before moving onward to Tara's body, Madelynn touched the midsection of the double dildo with her fingers while simultaneously enjoying the feeling of having two sets of ass cheeks slapping on both sides of her hand. Before Madelynn knew it, she came with one forceful stroke of her fingers.

When the double dildo was finally dislodged from the rectums of the women, Madelynn thought she could finally go home at last, but unfortunately, it wasn't so. Elena had Madelynn put on a red blind fold. Naked save for the high-heeled boots, the teen girl was then led back upstairs and through the back door of the shop. It wasn't until Madelynn felt the chill of the night air that she noticed something was horribly wrong. 

After taking the blindfold off, Madelynn knocked desperately on the steel door. "What's going on? Let me in! It's cold outside!"

Knocking later turned to pounding, but to no avail. "Oh God, let me in! Please! I can't be like this outside! Oh God, please!" 

There was a sudden ringing sound. Looking downward, Madelynn realized that it came from her cell phone that was lying the ground right next to her feet. She picked it up and listened.

"Hey, Maddy, let's play a game. Exit this alley, turn left, and walk four blocks. I'll be waiting for you in my car right at the corner."

"What?! I can't do this! People will see me!"

"Yes, you can, unless you want to stay out in the alley naked all night."

The call ended abruptly. 

"Fuck you, bitch!" cried Madelynn.

Madelynn quickly realized that she had no other option. She took a deep breath and exhaled, then psyched herself up in preparation for the gauntlet. Upon exiting the alley, she noticed that the street to her left were far from empty. A bunch of rowdy men and some flamboyantly dressed women populated the sidewalks. Feeling a sudden lost of courage, Madelynn retreated back into the darkness of the alley. Steeling herself again, Madelynn walked out of the alley and into the crowd.

At first, nobody noticed her, but when the one person did, the catcalls began, followed by the derisive comments. When one man tried to touch her, she started running. 

"Hey babe, want to spend the night with me?" asked one guy.

"How much for a blow job?" asked another man.

"No, I'm not a prostitute!" Madelynn yelled back.

There were maddening stares from some prostitutes who thought Madelynn was trying to steal their business.

"Show your wares at another place, slut!" shouted one hooker.

Jeers and sexual requests came left and right. Some of the requests even came from women. After reaching the final block, Madelynn saw Elena's vehicle parked in the corner as promised. At the same time, she caught the attention of one particularly persistent reveler.

"Need some company, darling?" asked the drunken man.

"NO!"

"Hey girl, why are you running? Come to papa!" cried the man as he chased after Madelynn.

"Oh no! Get away from me!" The teen girl ran with all her might to cross the remaining distance.

Madelynn breathed a sigh of relief once she got in the car. The drunkard frantically slapped the side window with his palms, but gave up when Elena stepped on the accelerator.

In a second floor hotel room near Tara's shop, Ms. Meyers moaned loudly as an orgasm washed over her. She pulled her fingers away from her pussy and tasted each moist digit. Watching Madelynn going through those humiliating situations was a huge turn on for her. Smiling satisfactorily, she closed her laptop and prepared to sleep. She had an important board meeting the next day.

"Why did you have to do that?!" asked Madelynn.

"I thought it would be exciting for you, and being cooped up in clothes all the time is unhealthy," replied Elena.

Knowing that it was just one of Elena's sick games, Madelynn decided that it was pointless to discuss any further about it. However, she had this sudden fantasy of making Elena go through an activity that was equally humiliating, but quickly chased the vengeful thought away.

"Are you bringing me back home?" Madelynn asked as she was putting back on her clothes.

"Yes, unless you want some more action tonight."

"No! I had enough for tonight!" exclaimed the teen girl, thinking about what she had just went through a while ago.

"Watch your tone, Maddy." 

"I'm sorry, Mistress," said Madelynn with sudden softness.

Sunlight streamed through the crevices in the shades. Wendy's eyes flickered open. The colors of dawn gave the white ceiling a bright yellowish tint. There was the taste of pussy on Wendy's lips, and she instinctively licked it. Her pussy and ass also felt kind of sore. She felt sexually used, and wondered if she had another wet dream or if Sarah had done sexual things with her after last night's show. After doing the morning routine, Wendy dressed in a new set of clothes and walked around the house, trying to locate Sarah. Eventually, Wendy found her friend sitting on a posh sofa in the living room.

"Wendy, I'm sorry it didn't turn out the way it you want it to."

"It's alright, Sarah. Even though it didn't work out, if I hadn't gone along with your plan, I would've had no chance at all. At least I've tried."

There was an unsettling thought in Wendy's mind. Did she have sex with Sarah last night after the show? If she did, how come her memories of it were almost non-existent?

"Is there something else that's bothering you, Wendy. You seem to want to say something. Go ahead, it's alright."

Wendy decided against asking about the incident that may or may not have happened last night. Instead, she focused on what she felt was more important.

"Sarah, what you've said last night about me being a lesbian. Honestly, I don't think I am one," said Wendy with a very small trace of hesitation.

"I was just testing you, Wendy."

"Testing me?"

"Yes. I wanted to make sure that you're confident about your sexuality."

"Why? I'm pretty sure that I'm still straight. I mean I was and will always be straight."

"Have you given up on Daniel yet?"

"I... I don't want to, but Lauren has already--"

"What if I tell you that there's one more chance to win his heart, one that would require a huge sacrifice, would you be willing to do it?"

Wendy's eyes lit up with hope for a moment before pessimism struck her again. "How is it possible now?"

"Just answer yes or no. Are you willing make a sacrifice for another chance at Daniel."

"Yes, but what do I have to do?"

"Become my lesbian girlfriend, and not just for a day or two. We'll have to put up with the act for several weeks."

Wendy was visibly shocked, not seeing any logic in Sarah's bizarre plan. "Why?! Won't that make it even more impossible for me to get Daniel back?"

"Wendy, I know it's hard to understand, but you'll have to trust me on this. You'll have to know a bit of psychology and understand your rival."

The look of puzzlement still remained on Wendy's face, but she was still willing to continue listening.

"Lauren is a player. She preys on guys like Daniel. Sooner or later, she'll dump him."

Even though Wendy felt it was a bit wrong to wish that event would happen, her eyes lit up with a glimmer of hope before expressing confusion. "But what does this have to do with me becoming a lesbian?"

"I'll explain that in a moment. Another thing about Lauren is her competitive personality: one of the reasons she's hooking up with Daniel is because she's competing with you."
