 Wendy stood on the edge of the sidewalk, waiting for the traffic light to turn green. A breeze rustled the leaves of a nearby maple tree and tickled her face. Swayed by the moving air, a desiccated leaf fell in front of her. She brushed aside some strands of her honey blonde hair that covered her eyes. Hearing some hurried steps behind her back, Wendy turned her head around. A girl with a flushed face covered with strands of wavy red hair greeted her.

"Cynthia."

"I've finally caught up with you, Wendy!" Cynthia rest a hand on Wendy's shoulder while panting heavily.

"You need something from me?"

"No, not exactly..." Cynthia removed her hand but continued standing close to Wendy.

The traffic light cycled back to red.

Once Cynthia caught her breath, she continued, "I want to talk with you about something very important."

"What is it?" Wendy barely knew Cynthia. What important issue would there be to discuss?

"Not here. Let's go to that park for a chat."

The two girls walked to the nearby park and sat in the bleachers. As they sat down, Wendy noticed the prominence of Cynthia's breasts, which strained against the tight turquoise turtleneck sweater and didn't seem to be held up by a bra at all. Her view moved up to Cynthia's freckled face.

"I know what you're doing with Sarah is all an act, just like the show that night."

"I don't know what you're talking about." Wendy averted her eyes.

"You do know. The relationship you now have with Sarah is fake and you're not really a lesbian. You're doing all this just for winning Daniel back."

Wendy's mind raced. She was suddenly afraid of the possibility that Lauren knew all along what she was doing with Sarah and had played right into Lauren's hands. If that's the case, then everything she done so far was for naught.

"No, it's not that it at all. I-I'm into girls. I'm really in love with Sarah."

"Don't worry, Wendy. I haven't told Lauren about it. Your secret is still safe with me."

"It's no secret. I'm not straight, I'm--"

"Wendy, I'll stop beating around the bush. It doesn't matter if you're a lesbian or not. I'm here because I need your help."

"Help? With what?"

"Getting Lauren back. She's drifted apart from me recently. We're not as close as we're before."

"But I'm new to this relationship scene myself. How can I help you on this?"

"I want your help in making Lauren realize that I'm her only true lover."

"I don't think I can help you with that." 

Wendy wanted to leave politely but was afraid Cynthia would spill her secret to Lauren, if she hadn't done so already.

"Yes, you can, Wendy, and I'll help you too, in getting Daniel."

Wendy's eyes lit up at the mentioning of Daniel, but suspecting a trap, she continued with her denial.

"I'm not interested in Daniel anymore. I'm a lesbian and in l-love with Sarah, really." Wendy hoped that was convincing enough.

"I know you don't trust me right now, but whoever you really love, Sarah or Daniel, I can still help you. If you really are in love with Sarah, I can help you prevent Lauren from breaking your current relationship apart, or if you actually like Daniel, I can help you win him back to your side."

At that point, Wendy was really tempted to admit to Cynthia the truth, but resisted, remembering the promise she had made with Sarah.

"But Sarah's already hel-- I mean I'm already in a relationship with Sarah. I trust her. She won't break up with me for Lauren."

"Whatever is the case, you don't know everything about Lauren, and neither does Sarah. I grew up with Lauren and have been her close friend for years. I know her very well: her likes, her dislikes, and what makes her tick. She's a seductress. She likes to seduce people, play with them, and then dump them once she gets bored."

It wasn't news to Wendy. Sarah had told her about Lauren's personality.

"If she's like what you say she is, then why do you still want a relationship with her?"

"I don't know... Love is a strange thing..." Cynthia had a dreamy look on her face.

Despite Cynthia having a close relationship with her love rival, Wendy was starting to feel some sympathy for her. 

Cynthia continued, "Wendy, I know you find this hard to believe, but right now she's already trying to seduce Sarah and Madelynn and turn them away from you."

"How do you know?"

"I noticed Lauren acting very friendly with Sarah recently, and right after lunch today, I saw Lauren kissing Madelynn."

Wendy knew about the kiss between Madelynn and Lauren, but was hoping that Lauren's attempted seduction of Sarah wasn't true. She looked at Cynthia's face for signs of deceit, but found none.

"But she already has Daniel! And why would she want Sarah and Madelynn!?"

"Lauren's probably doing this to spite you. This would be bad for both of us if we don't put it a stop to it."

"What can we do about it?"

Cynthia touched Wendy's hands gently and lightly stroked the skin. "I want you to seduce Lauren."

"Seduce Lauren?! But... Sarah is already my... my... g-girlfriend..."

"That's not a problem. I don't think Sarah would mind you doing this, as long the reason is important. In this case it is. Lauren already has some interest in you, and you could use that to your advantage by fueling that interest, turning it into something bigger. She'll be hot for you if you play your cards right."

Wendy recalled how Lauren would occasionally give her seductive looks. "I thought she was just playing around with me."

Incredulous of the Cynthia's proposition, Wendy asked, "Wait, won't it work against you if I seduce Lauren?"

"It won't, if we do it right. We're going to work together of course. The crucial part of the plan is to make Lauren realize that she can't treat people who love her like dolls to be played with and then thrown away. She needs to realize what she's doing is wrong."

"You mean I'll have to seduce her, then talk to her about why it's wrong to be a player?"

"No, not like that. We'll give her a taste of her own medicine. You need to seduce her, then make her feel jealous and know what it's like to be dumped."

"That doesn't seem like a nice thing to do... I'll have to talk to Sarah about this first. She might not like what you're suggesting."

"Yes, that's what I need you to do. Here's my cell number. Talk to Sarah about it first and tell her to call me. Remember, don't talk about this to anyone else besides Sarah."

"Alright, I'll keep it a secret."

The two girls left the park together. Cynthia clung to Wendy as they negotiated through the mine field of doggy doo.

"Bye, don't forget call."

"I'll remember, bye."

They parted at the corner of the street. As Cynthia walked away in the opposite direction, Wendy found her eyes unconsciously looking at Cynthia's thighs before drifting to her ass, noticing how each leg movement made it sway. She wondered briefly what kind of panties Cynthia wore beneath those jeans.

Wendy collapsed on her bed face-up and exhaled. She thought about the genuineness of Cynthia's proposal and the consequences of accepting it. Should she trust Cynthia? Will it aid her and Sarah's current plan or hinder it? Thinking of something related to Sarah caused Wendy to have a sudden unbidden thought. A image of Sarah's face appeared in her mental vision. It was a seductive face that was full of amorous desire. Wendy raised her head subconsciously as if to kiss the imaginary Sarah. 

A brief spark of will shatter the thought. "No, I'm suppose to be thinking about Daniel, not Sarah."

No sooner than she had said that, Wendy was gripped by sudden horniness. Her loins were heating up. The overwhelming urge to masturbate pulled her reluctant fingers to her crotch, causing her to touch it mindlessly through the black jersey skirt. Wendy's desperate fingers haphazardly rode the skirt up to get easier access. They went around the frilly yellow panties to stroke her bulging wet pearl. Her thick-lashed eyes closed as she tried to summon sexual thoughts to aid in her masturbation. As hard as she tried, the mental images didn't come in the form that she had wanted. Every time she try to form the image of Daniel in her mind, it would always change into Sarah. After several more attempts, she managed to form a coherent image of the guy of her dreams. However, that vision wouldn't last. No sooner than she had reached the point right before her peak that Sarah's image insinuated itself into her private fantasy again. 

The superimposing of Sarah over Daniel happened so gradually that she barely noticed it or even resisted for that matter. Sarah was completely naked over a backdrop of a cloudy blue sky with the sun peaking from the upper edge of the largest cloud. Platinum blonde splayed out in a wavy fashion as if the air had the density of water. A glowing outline of feathery wings spread out from her back. Hovering majestically from her head was a halo glowing warmly. Arms were spread out and ready for an embrace. A serene, welcoming smile beckoned Wendy.

"Wendy... Come..."

Wendy's body wracked and arched in a powerful orgasm while her mouth let out a scream that was barely stifled. Her fingers remained motionless in her pussy as long as the tumult of her pleasure lasted. The vivid image of Sarah had burned into her memory. She gasped for more air while her body cooled down.

"What had just happened? Why did Sarah appear in my fantasy?" Wendy wondered. "It's nothing serious. Like what Sarah said, it's just a temporary side effect of all this pretend lesbian stuff we've been doing lately," she reassured herself.

Wendy repeated a mantra in her mind, "It's only temporary. It's only temporary. It's only temporary..." 

Sarah was short of breath when she answered Wendy's phone call.

"Sarah, are you alright?"

"It's... nothing, Wendy. I... was... just... exercising with Melanie. We always have to keep our body in shape for cheerleading. So, what's up?"

Wendy gave her the gist of what had happened earlier and Cynthia's proposal. 

"Wendy, I think it's better if I come to your place to talk about it."

"But you have to drive all the way here. I think it's fine if we just discuss this over the phone."

"It's alright. I'm fairly close by."

"Where are you?"

"I'm about to leave Melanie's house right now. I'll arrive in about ten minutes."

Sarah parked her vehicle right outside of Wendy's house. When Wendy opened the door, Sarah surprised her with a kiss that Wendy still hadn't accepted as being customary, but enjoyed it nonetheless.

"Why did we just kiss? Nobody is going to see us anyway." Even as Wendy was saying that, her heart rate had increased a couple of beats.

"We've got to keep up with the act as often as we can. It helps us stay in character and make the whole thing more believable. Remember, Wendy, staying in character is a very crucial aspect of acting."

"Okay, Sarah."

Wendy led Sarah up to her room and sat next to each other on the edge of the bed.

"We're either very lucky or unlucky that Cynthia is getting involved in this."

"Umm... Why?"

"If Cynthia's being honest, then it's great to have an ally. But, if she's lying, then it might be Lauren's elaborate trap."

"I thought so too when Cynthia mentioned her story and her plan."

"Did she ask you about your sexual orientation?"

"Yes, but I kept lying about me being a lesbian."

"You did the right thing, Wendy. We should assume the worst."

"You mean reject her proposal?"

"No, not so obvious, Wendy. Lying or not, we should accept her proposal. If this really is Lauren's trap, then she strongly believes you're putting on a lesbian act, but we need her to think the opposite."

"By going along with her plan?"

"That's right, Wendy. However, we won't follow Cynthia's plan exactly. You will seduce both both Cynthia and Lauren instead of just Lauren, and I will pretend that I'm falling for Lauren. We will make them think they're seducing us when in fact we're seducing them. This will catch them off guard and leave them no doubt that you're a genuine lesbian."

As Sarah continued with the details, Wendy expressed her doubts, but Sarah quickly squashed them. Inevitably, the subject of Madelynn was brought up. Sarah reiterated to Wendy the plan of action for seducing Madelynn and cleared all of the budding doubts Wendy raised.

Wendy looked at the clock. "I think my mom is going to be home soon."

"Cool, I can't wait to meet your mom."

"I don't think it's a good idea right now."

Wendy's mom was fairly open-minded in her views of society and culture. Having participated in various movements and protests many years ago, she had retained some of her youthful sentimentality and outlook. But, despite that, Wendy's mom didn't really like changes that happened to her youngest daughter recently. Dressing more attractively was one thing, but the frequent garish makeup and enticing clothing was becoming too risque in her eyes. Another thing that worried her were the rumors of open homosexuality in Wendy's school that she heard from neighbors and friends. Though she had nothing against differing sexual preferences, she hoped that her daughter won't be so desperate to fit in that she would act sexual with other girls or even entertain the thought. 

"Why? Does your mom hate me?"

"No, not exactly."

"Then she's cool with me being your friend?"

"Well... How should I explain this... She's okay with you being my friend, but she thinks you're a bad influence on me."

"She actually said that?"

"No, she didn't say that exactly, but that was basically what she's telling me."

"Why am I a bad influence? Were you slacking off at school? Did your grades go down?"

"No, my grades are alright. I'm doing fine."

"Then what's the problem? Oh, I know, it's your new looks. She doesn't like it because draws bad attention. Am I right, Wendy?"

"Yeah, I think that's one of the reasons."

"Your mom's views are so dated. I know what to do. How about I invite you and your mom to dinner at my parent's place?"

"Dinner at your parent's house? But what good would that do?"

"It'll clear up the misunderstanding, and hopefully my mom and your mom will become friends. Once that happens things should flow more smoothly and you'll don't have to worry about your mom's disapproval anymore."

"Is it really going to be that easy?"

"Wendy, my mom is at the top of corporate ladder. She wouldn't have gone that far if she didn't know how to deal with people like your mom."

"Well... If you think it'll work, then I guess it's okay."

"Good, I'll suggest this to my mom tonight."

Sarah slowly placed her hands over Wendy's and interlocked fingers. She looked deep into Wendy's eyes. The gaze was intense enough for Wendy avert eye contact briefly.

"You are very beautiful, Wendy."

"But not as beautiful as you. I think you're the most beautiful girl in school."

"Oh Wendy, you're too modest. I'm glad you think I'm beautiful, but you need to think about yourself too. You're beautiful in your own right."

"I am beautiful in my own right..."

"Yes, and don't ever forget that."

"Are looks everything, Sarah?"

"No, they aren't, but they are still important nonetheless."

"Why? Isn't what's inside that counts?"

"That's what they all say. What they often don't say is beauty is power."

"Beauty is power?"

"Yes, Wendy, to be able to attract guys and even girls is a valuable asset. You can use your beauty to make people do what you want and even bring them to their knees."

"I don't want to do anything mean to other people."

"Oh, Wendy, you're simply too nice. You're gifted with beauty, and you should use it to its maximum potential."

"I'm fine with just getting Daniel to like me. I don't want... I mean I don't need to go beyond that."

"But you'll want to, eventually."

"What do you mean?"

"Hehe, you'll understand later, Wendy."

Sarah looked at Wendy's vanity mirror, causing Wendy to do the same.

"Do you want to be even more beautiful, Wendy?"

Wendy hesitated before answering, "Yes, I do."

"Then you'll need learn to appreciate feminine beauty at a deeper level."

"How?"

"By putting on the persona of a lesbian, which is what we're both doing right now. But you need to go deeper than beyond just mere acting. You'll need to feel like a lesbian, emotionally, physically, and sexually. By appreciating the beauty of other females, you'll automatically know how to make yourself more beautiful."

Wendy recalled how she stared at Cynthia's body and Sarah appearing in her sexual fantasy earlier in the afternoon. Those thoughts and actions didn't feel normal to her.

"I-I don't really understand what you mean... Doesn't it make me a lesbian if I start making myself feeling like one?" 

"As long as you believe that you're truly heterosexual, having the feelings of a lesbian won't make you a lesbian."

Perplexed by the convoluted meanings of Sarah's statement, Wendy's face contorted slightly.

"You don't need to understand it immediately. Just remember and think about what I've told you, Wendy. And, before I forget, here's another DVD that I would like you to watch."

Sarah pulled out the disc from her backpack and gave it to Wendy.

"What is it about?"

"Just watch it and you'll know. But I'll give you a hint: it's related to what we've talked about."

Sarah licked her lips while eyeing Wendy's ass as Wendy walked to her desk to put away the DVD. She could see them gyrating in front of her face in a future lap dance.

"Okay, let's have some fun now!" Sarah pulled up and removed her form-fitting white and red top, revealing the gossamer demi bra she wore beneath.

Wendy found her eyes magnetically drawn to the magnificent orbs that were encased in the shiny, see-through material. Light bounced off of the pearlescent gossamer fabric that comprised the bra in a variety of colors. Floral stripes and patterns crisscrossed the sheer surface that ended with narrow frills. Though most of Sarah's breasts can be seen through the semitransparent fabric, her nipples were hidden behind a small pair of symmetrical flowers.

When Wendy raised her eyes back up, Sarah had already moved her face close to hers. It was close enough for Wendy to feel warmth emanating from it. She noticed the beautiful details of Sarah's face: the navy blue eyes, the prominent lashes, the flared eyebrows, the curvature of her smooth cheeks, the pointedness of her chin, the bangless and long platinum blonde hair that was parted at the center, and the succulent lips painted with layers upon layers of fuschia lipstick and finalized with gloss.

"I know you want it, Wendy," whispered Sarah in a husky voice.

"Sarah, I..."

Wendy's reluctance was quickly smothered with Sarah's kiss. For brief moments, her body stiffened, but it gradually relaxed at the same rate that her excitement level was increasing.

"Let's see what bra you're wearing today."

Gently brushing aside Wendy's hands, Sarah's fingers reached beneath the hem of Wendy's sweatshirt and slowly pulled it upwards and away from Wendy. 

"Oh, it's a blue lace bra! Who are you trying to seduce, hmmm?"

"No, I'm not seducing anyone!"

"Liar." 

Sarah's eyes bore straight into Wendy's. It was so entrancing for Wendy that she barely noticed Sarah's lips was getting ever closer to her own as Sarah gently pushed her down on the bed without resistance. With her arms astride Wendy's upper body, Sarah grazed her fingers gently along the flanks and outer edge of the breasts. Anticipating a kiss, Wendy lightly pursed her lips, but the kiss didn't come. Instead, Sarah moved her lips to Wendy's ears and whispered, "Get on with the act." Wendy shuddered when Sarah licked the outer edge of her ear in slow swirling motions.

Both of the girls on the bed were naked from the waist up except for their bras. Wendy barely mounted resistance when Sarah's upper body slowly lowered on to hers until there was skin-to-skin contact. This time, the pairs of glossy lips met in a light kiss. Sarah kissed repeatedly, and each successive kiss was longer and deeper until it finally culminating in a deep soul kiss where they shared their saliva and duel their tongues. The navel jewelry of Sarah tickled Wendy's skin, causing her to shift her body instinctively. This act further pressed and rubbed the skins of the two girls together. It didn't take long for Wendy to become aroused. Her hot pussy was aching for sex. 
