 Brandy sat staring at the e-mail from her best friend on the computer screen. She couldn't believe it. Her best friend from junior high wanted more than friendship.

The last line of the e-mail said, "Call me." Brandy picked up the phone and pressed the speed dial button that corresponded to Alex's number. It rang and rang until finally, "Hey, this is Alex. Leave me a message and I'll call you back when I can." Beep.

Brandy wasn't expecting to be forced to state her case in a voice mail. "Alex... it's Brandy. I just got your e-mail... um... I really don't know what to say. Maybe we should talk in person. Come to my house tonight at ten, okay? See ya then!" She hung up the phone with slightly shaking fingers and went outside for a cigarette.

She spent the remainder of the day wasting time, trying to occupy herself until Alex called. The phone only rang once all day, a telemarketer.

Nine-thirty rolled around and Alex still hadn't called. Brandy couldn't concentrate on the television program she had in front of her, so she decided to take a quick shower to at least ease her tense muscles, if not her mind.

The hot water felt good on her body; it seemed to ease everything, even her mind a little. She got out of the shower, wrapped her towel around her damp body out of habit and walked into her bedroom. When she opened the door she screamed - there was Alex lounged on her bed as if it were nothing strange. "What are you doing in here?!" Brandy screamed. "And how did you get in?"

Alex gave a casual laugh. "I know you keep the extra key on top of the doorframe... which isn't the best of ideas because the guy in 3B is a real pervert. He left his door open the other day and as I walked by I saw some really kinky porn on his tv. Creepy if you ask me, considering he's sixty-something."

Brandy's mouth flopped open and closed, but she couldn't say anything. She was suddenly very aware that she was only wearing a small towel. "Can you please go so I can at least put clothes on?"

Alex gave a sexy little smile and got up. "If you insist."

Brandy closed the door and leaned against it for a moment, trying to gather her thoughts and what to say when she finally left the bedroom. She threw on some sweatpants and a t-shirt, without underwear out of habit (she hated underwear around the apartment) and took a deep breath, opening the door. Alex was lounging in front of the tv, in a way that made her tiny breasts seem bigger and her long legs seem even longer. Brandy realized for what certainly wasn't the first time, that Alex was incredibly sexy. Sexy in an unconventional way, and they way she didn't see it at all made her even sexier.

When she heard the door open, Alex looked up. "You wanted to talk in person?" She sat up on the couch, her short denim skirt going a little higher up her perfect thigh.

Brandy bumbled, "I... uh.. kinda... um... hoped you would do more of the talking." She looked down at her bare feet and bit her lower lip.

Alex took a deep breath. "If you insist. Listen, I know there's tension between us, and there has been since high school. I want to end it, right now, tonight." She scooted to the edge of the couch, her skirt showing the very bottom of her black panties, and beckoned for Brandy to sit next to her. "I know you're curious, and I'm a lot more than curious. I want you. I never thought I'd say that, but it's true. I've wanted you from the time I realized that I like girls; you were the girl I liked the most." 

Brandy was frozen to her spot, rooted to the cold tile floor. Alex went on. "I've dealt with this for years and I can't deal with it any more." She stood up and walked toward her best friend. "Let's just try it, we don't have anything to lose. We've kissed before, that time with Jeremy, and a couple times in truth or dare throughout the years. If you're not comfortable, we'll stop at that and hope our friendship isn't hurt." She took Brandy's cold hand in her own warm one and gently raised it to kiss each of the fingers. "You're beautiful. I've always wanted to love you."

A tear began to form in Brandy's eye. Nobody had ever called her beautiful before. She let Alex pull her onto the sofa and vaguely heard her say something about stopping if she got uncomfortable at any point. In her daze, she didn't see her friend lean in until she felt her soft lips against her own. It shocked her into reality, and into realizing she wanted the same things. Brandy began to kiss back.

Alex took this as a sign to continue and placed her hands on Brandy's shoulders, caressing them and slowly, lovingly moving down her arms until their hands met and intertwined. They kissed for a moment, then Alex put her hands on Brandy's toned stomach and ever so slowly moved up until her fingertips touched the bottoms of her ample breasts. Brandy froze for a moment as her friend gingerly took her left breast into her hand, then her right. She then realized she enjoyed the sensation of Alex's strong but gentle and very precise musician's hand's on her and put her own hands on Alex's back. Alex started to squeeze them and play with them, then worked one hand up under the tshirt. Again Brandy froze for a moment, then decided to herself that this wasn't bad and started getting into it. She kissed Alex passionately and touched her best friend's breast for the second time in their decade of friendship.

Alex moaned softly at this, the first bit of realization of her fantasies from the last few years. She couldn't help smiling. She pulled away from Brandy's lips and gave her a reassuring grin, then went back to kissing, this time on her neck; she knew this was just the spot to get her going. Despite her uncertainty, Brandy couldn't help but moan at her friend's expert lips and teeth on her most sensitive spot. Alex began pulling up the tshirt over Brandy's breasts, exposing them to the cool breeze of the fan and making the nipples even harder. She moved her kisses slowly down over Brandy's fragile collarbone, then over the shirt and onto her chest. She kissed her way down between her friend's breasts and made her way slowly across to the left nipple and sucked on it gently while squeezing her right breast with one hand and pulling the shirt off her head with the other.

Brandy surrendered to the moment and let out a sigh that Alex thought to be a sign to stop. She turned only her eyes up to look at Brandy's face, but the content smile and half-mast eyes gave Alex encouragement to go on. She started biting at the nipple in her mouth and gently pinching on the other one. Brandy moaned happily and reached under Alex's shirt to take her breasts in her hands. Alex expertly used one hand to pull off her own shirt while kissing her way back to Brandy's neck, then to her lips. 

After one quick kiss on the lips, Alex pulled away and whispered, "Your turn" into Brandy's ear with a lick.

Brandy became hesitant. She had no problem with her friend doing whatever she liked to her, but the only female body she'd ever explored was her own. "I've never done anything like this before," she whispered back.

"Don't worry," reassured Alex, "I'll show you." With that, Alex gently guided Brandy's head to the base of her neck and Brandy began nibbling. Alex sighed and wrapped her arms around her friend's slender body, pulling her down farther onto her chest. Brandy was uncertain but tried to imitate what Alex had done to her, going slowly down between her small breasts and taking one nipple, the left one, into her mouth just as her friend had done. Alex moaned her approval, which was a sign for Brandy to gently bite, but she didn't know how gentle to be and ended up hurting Alex, who yelped a bit.

"Oh, I'm so sorry," Brandy apologized, getting up from the couch. "We probably shouldn't be doing this anyway." She started backing away, but Alex got up and forcefully pulled her onto the couch on top of her. 

"Don't ever say 'sorry' for hurting me. You know I love it." She pushed Brandy so she was reclining on the couch and with little ceremony began kissing her all over and pulling at the waist of her sweatpants. 

Brandy breathed in sharply and muttered, "I don't know..."

"Trust me," Alex said into her stomach, "this will be better than any sex you've had with a man." 

Brandy decided she wouldn't turn back. Afterall, she secretly had wanted this for years as well. She lifted her hips slightly off the couch and Alex slid the pants over her firm butt and off, throwing them aside. She kissed Brandy's belly button and slowly kissed a wet trail straight down. When she got to the line where the pubic hair would have started if she hadn't waxed, Brandy shakily sighed and squeezed Alex's breasts. She tried to say something, but no words could describe what she was feeling, that mix of apprehension, lust, uncertainty, desire, and a little fear. 

As Alex got closer to Brandy's unexplored parts, she looked up. "Are you okay? Do you want to do this?"

With the slightest hesitation, Brandy managed to breathe, "Yes."

Alex took a breath and lowered her mouth right onto Brandy's crotch and gave one gentle kiss on her nub. Brandy gasped and tensed up, but relaxed as she just let the feelings happen. Alex kissed and licked and explored every part of Brandy's wet pussy, diving her tongue in and out, taking in the taste that she'd been imagining for years. She loved it, loved the familiar scent of her best friend, but in an unfamiliar quantity, loved feeling her body, knowing she had this beautiful girl under her complete control. She took one finger, wet it in her mouth and inserted it inside Brandy's body. This elicited a gasp from the girl, which ended in a sigh as Alex's expert fingers found her friend's g spot and mercilessly pushed on it, while still licking and sucking her clit. 

Brandy realized Alex was right - this WAS better than any sex she'd had with men. She moaned in pleasure she never experienced before, loving the new sensations coming, for once, from somebody who knew the female body intimately. It didn't take long before she started to feel her orgasm building, and Alex felt it too from the tightening around her hand. She started sucking harder, gently nibbling Brandy's clit until the first wave of orgasm fell over the girl. Alex knew to keep licking until all the twitches were finished, something most men don't do.

After the orgasm subsided, Alex took her finger out of her friend's body and continued ever-so-gently licking, knowing this is when a woman is most sensitive. Before Brandy could reach a second orgasm, she pulled her messy, sweaty body away from Alex and with a devilish grin said, "My turn."

This turned Alex on like she'd never been turned on before. "Are you sure? You don't have to, you know," Alex said, while thinking to herself that if she had to wait much longer she may not last.

Brandy nodded and kissed Alex's mouth, still covered in her juices. Brandy had never tasted herself before. It was strange, but somehow erotic. She kissed Alex's neck briefly, then sucked on one breast, biting enough to make Alex moan from the pain and pleasure all at the same time. She moved her hands down Alex's stomach, touching every part, and into the waistband of her skirt. Alex took her hand out, though, and put it inside the bottom of the miniskirt. Her hands explored Alex's thighs and finally made their way to the sopping wet crotch of her panties. Here she paused. "I don't know what I'm doing."

"Just go with it," Alex half said, half moaned, "You have these same parts, you know what feels good." She lifted up her body to allow Brandy to pull off her panties. The cool air was a shock on her hot, bare pussy and she moaned. Brandy tenatively touched her lips and Alex twitched with anticipation, willing Brandy to get her off. She took one hand and pushed on the top of Brandy's head, guiding her down to her crotch. Brandy faltered with the short skirt, and Alex pulled it off quickly. Brandy was left staring at her friend from an angle she'd never imagined, not too sure of what to do. She thought of all the times she'd masturbated and what she herself liked. She took one finger and tested out Alex's body, putting it inside as if it may hurt one of them. Alex moaned something that sounded like "please" and Brandy dragged the moistened finger onto her clit, making her friend gasp and moan loudly.

She moved in tiny circles on her clit and slowly dipped fingers on the other hand into her opening and wiggled them around. Alex was moaning and begging Brandy to go down on her, but Brandy was still apprehensive. She leaned her face in a little further and was shocked by the lusty smell coming from her friend. She took a deep breath and brushed her lips against Alex's nether ones. Alex's moan at this was almost a scream, which encouraged Brandy to go on. She kissed randomly on Alex's lips until Alex couldn't take it any longer and groaned, "Up higher... lick my clit," which Brandy took a moment to process. She pushed her tongue deeper between Alex's engorged lips and licked upward until she got to her tiny button. Alex moaned something that could have been "oh yeah" or "right there" and Brandy knew she had found her spot. She rolled her tongue around it and sucked gently. She took her fingers and inserted the first two into Alex, pushing them in as far as they would go, searching for her g spot. She didn't have to. This sensation of Brandy's delicate fingers and thick fake nails sent Alex over the top, her orgasm almost taking her by suprise in its urgency and strength. Brandy tried to not break contact until it stopped, but was unsuccessful. When Alex stopped twitching, she went back and gently licked up some of her juices until Alex pushed her head away - the orgasm was so intense that it left her too sensitive to touch. 

The friends looked at each other's naked, satisfied bodies and smiled at each other sheepishly.

"That was incredible," Alex said when she could catch her breath.

Brandy nodded. "So... I guess this means you know my secret, huh?"

"Yeah, what that?"

"I've wanted you too. For a really long time."

"No more waiting," Alex said, kissing Brandy once again, "ever again. And no more secrets, okay?"