 After work one night my husband and I were partying with a friend of mine from work and her husband. Rachel and I had gotten along well together from the minute we met. We always had a good time together and made each other laugh, no matter what we had to deal with at work. She was beautiful as well as fun, with smooth, creamy skin and long, dark wavy hair. I have a nice figure, but hers was incredible! She had amazing breasts that just demanded to be noticed. I always felt aroused just by her presence, and would often have little fantasies about her when she did not know I was watching her.

The four of us were laughing and having a great time when I excused myself to the bathroom. When I opened the door to come out, Rachel was standing there, her hand on the door. We both laughed, and she came into the room and closed the door. "I needed to come in here too," she said.

I put my hand on the door to leave and heard her say, "Wait." I turned back to her, and she was standing there with her shirt off, her beautiful breasts straining in her skimpy bra. She smiled and said softly, "I have seen the way you look at me... Do you want to touch me as much as I want to touch you?" 

I was so surprised I didn't even speak, just watched as her nipples were hardening under my gaze. She didn't wait for an answer. Rachel reached for my shirt and pulled it over my head. I wasn't wearing a bra, and the sudden feel of air on my nipples made them tighten instantly. She leaned over and put her mouth to one of them, teasing it with her tongue as she sucked on it. I could feel the dampness between my legs growing. I couldn't believe what was happening!

I began playing with Rachel's beautiful, hard nipples through her bra, getting more and more aroused, wondering how far she wanted this to go. As if she read my mind, she reached for my jeans and helped me slide them off with my panties, and took hers off too. 

This time I was first to reach, and slid my hand between her thighs. Her pussy was as wet as mine and her shaved skin was so very soft. I took my time feeling all of her, rubbing her juices around, slipping my finger over her aroused clit. She backed up against the counter and spread her legs. I got down on my knees and began licking her glistening pink skin. I parted her labia with my tongue and dove into her, reveling in her taste. I stroked up and down her slit, gliding my tongue slowly over her hard little nub with each pass. 

In a few minutes Rachel was squirming against me, pressing her clit hard to my mouth. She started to moan, very softly. I eased two of my fingers inside her and then began moving them in and out while I lapped at her clit. She was slowly rocking her hips back and forth, breathing hard, when suddenly I felt her body spasm and her inner muscles contract against my fingers. She kept softly moaning, and I could feel her juices running down my hand as she held my head, pressing my mouth tightly against her throbbing mound. 

"Ohhh," she whispered when she finally caught her breath, "That was so good. I want to taste you."

I stood up and she gently pushed me back against the counter. My whole body was tingling with arousal. I couldn't wait to feel her mouth on me. Rachel knelt in front of me and pulled my legs up and apart so I had to sit back on the counter edge to keep from falling. She leaned into me and slid her tongue from my ass to my clit, flicking her tongue quickly from side to side. I was so close already! 

When I started to quietly groan, she stopped stroking my clit and pushed as deeply as she could into my quivering, wet pussy with her tongue. She was fucking me with her tongue, swirling it around inside me and rubbing my clit with her fingers. I could feel the explosion building within me. When she pushed a finger deep into my ass I came hard, gripping the edge of the counter so hard my knuckles turned white to keep from moaning too loudly. 

After my orgasm finally subsided, Rachel sat back and smiled, licking her lips. "I think our breaks at work just got a lot more fun," she said with a wicked gleam in her eyes. "Don't you?"

Just then there was a tap at the door. "Are you two coming back to the party?" my husband asked, "What's taking you so long?'

"Just girl talk," I said, grinning at Rachel. "We're coming." I couldn't wait to tell him what we had really "talked" about.