 "I am starving." I giggled as James and I stumbled out of the Red Door. We had been dancing and drinking for hours, and now I wanted food. "Can we stop at IHOP?"

"Sure, IHOP sounds good." James replied, opening the car door for me.

"Such a gentleman." I laughed, plopping down into the seat. "That deserves a reward." I turned to James as he slid into the drivers' seat. Scooching over, I kissed James deeply, practically climbing into his lap.

"Come on baby, we've got to get going." James smiled as he gently pushed me back into my seat.

We drove the short distance to the IHOP and I jumped eagerly out of the car. "Mmmmm. Pancakes."

As we entered the restaurant I noticed that there were no other patrons in the entire place. Just a bored-looking waitress flirting with the cook. And the waitress was cute. Kind of short, blonde hair and a wide smile.

I grinned at the waitress, noticing her nametag read "Beth" as she seated us. Beth grinned right back, her eyes taking in my ample cleavage. She never even looked at James.

I settled into the blue vinyl booth, squirming against the seat. Beth looked good enough to eat.

James and I perused the menu, discussing what we might like to have for breakfast when Beth came back over to get our drink order. 

"What can I get you two to drink?" Beth asked, grinning playfully at me. Her query was directed to both of us, but she again looked only at me.

"I'll have some coffee." James said, sending a meaningful glance my way as he noticed the manner in which Beth was staring.

"Me too." I grinned, winking at Beth.

Beth winked back, and flounced away from the table, waggling her pert ass as she went.

"She sure is checking you out." James laughed.

I turned from where I had been watching Beth. "She was, wasn't she? But then I was checking her out too." I grinned. "I wonder what time she gets out of here?"

Beth came back with our coffee, and I invited her to sit down with us. "Grab a cup, have some coffee." Beth sat down next to me, grinning.

"No coffee, thanks. I drink too much coffee working here." I pulled the menu over and we began discussing which items Beth recommended. Beth kept leaning in further and further until her breasts were resting against my arm. I turned my head and looked deep into Beth's blue eyes. She licked her lips and leaned in just a bit further.

Unable to resist, I kissed her. Beth's lips were soft and warm, parting for my gently probing tongue. She tasted like coffee and cream, with just a hint of cigarettes. I found the taste wildly arousing. I did not want to stop kissing her, but James cleared his throat, startling both of us and we drew apart.

I grinned at James and made a face at him. "Just ignore him, Beth. He's just jealous." I turned back to Beth.

"No, no." Beth sighed, sliding from the booth. "I am supposed to be working right now." Beth straightened up and took out her notepad. "What can I get for you tonight?"

"I'll have the Egg and Pancake breakfast." James said, handing the menu to Beth. "Eggs scrambled hard."

I sighed. What I really wanted for breakfast was Beth. "I'll have the Pigs in a Blanket."

"Coming right up." Beth said, smiling at me as she walked off to the kitchen.

I glared at James. "What the fuck?"

"What, you were going to have her right here in the middle of the restaurant?" James asked. 

"I was considering it." I replied.

"Really?" James asked, a look of surprise crossing his face. "You'd do her right here, right now?"

"Yeah, I would. And I will. But you cannot interfere." I growled. "You can only watch. Got it?"

"I got it." James grinned, leaning back in his side of the booth and stroking his cock through his jeans.

Beth brought our food and set it down on the table, leaning over as she did, giving me a clear view down her shirt. She wasn't wearing a bra and her perky little tits were topped with strawberry-colored nipples. I started drooling thinking of getting my lips on those.

James and I picked at our food, as Beth came over to our table repeatedly. She appeared to be getting increasingly concerned that we were not happy with our food.

"Can I get you something different?" Beth asked, glancing at my uneaten food.

"Yes, you can." I replied. "This is not what I wanted to eat." I grinned wickedly at Beth, putting the most suggestive emphasis I could on the word 'eat.'

Beth giggled and glanced over to where the cook was reading the newspaper behind the wall leading to the kitchen. "And what did you have in mind instead?" She grinned, leaning against the table.

I reached over and wrapped my arm around Beth's hips, pulling her up onto the table. I slid down the booth and into a position between Beth's legs.

"This is what I had in mind." I grinned, placing Beth's legs over my shoulders and lifting her short skirt. To my delight I found that Beth was not wearing any panties. Beth slid forward on the table, opening her legs further for me. I leaned in and breathed deep, enjoying the musky scent. Then I flicked my tongue out and across Beth's clit. Beth gasped and slid to the very edge of the table.

I happily dove in to Beth's wet snatch. She tasted sweet and a tiny bit salty and her lips were puffy and slick with her juices. I licked from bottom to top, pausing briefly at her clit with every lick and Beth began to squirm and moan.

Beth reached down and tangled her hands in my hair, pulling my face in tight against her wet cunt. "Yes, oh yes, please..." She moaned. Her clit was incredibly hard, practically standing up and shouting for my attention. I was only too happy to comply. I sucked that hard little bud into my mouth, flicking my tongue across it rapidly. Beth sucked in a deep breath and moaned. I could tell from her squirming that she was close to cumming and so I stopped. I wanted to taste more of the lovely Beth.

I raised my head from Beth's crotch and found her with her head thrown back and her blouse open, one hand pinching her nipples. I pushed Beth back slightly and then laid her down on the table. James had had the foresight to move our plates to a nearby table, and he was sitting in a chair with his hard cock out, stroking it as he watched me eat our waitress.

I leaned my head in as I knelt on the booth and suckled Beth's tits, licking and biting at her hard nipples and causing her to moan loudly. I slipped a finger into her dripping snatch, slowly finger-fucking her as I continued to tease her nips. 

Beth spread wide for me, draping her legs on either side of the table. This allowed me full access to her hot pussy. She was incredibly tight, her passage grabbing at my finger as I slid it in and out of her. 

"Oh. Oh. Fuck. Yes." Beth moaned, her head tossing from side to side as I worked her over. But I wasn't ready for her to cum yet. I wanted her to cum on my face.

I moved around to the end of the table, grabbing a chair from the table next to us as I went, and knelt down on the chair in front of Beth's wide-open cunt. Beth had begun playing with her tits again, pinching and pulling on her nipples. 

Then I had an idea. Grabbing the syrup from the table behind me, I slowly poured a thin stream of maple syrup onto Beth's cunt. Beth gasped and looked up at me. I grinned wickedly and then began to lick the syrup off. And the syrup was all over the place. 

I spent some time searching out every drop of syrup in Beth's juicy pussy, causing Beth to produce more syrup of her own. I licked and sucked and nibbled on Beth's cuntlips then drove my tongue up into her, using it like a tiny cock. Beth moaned and begged me to make her cum, saying that she would do anything if I would just make her cum.

Taking that as my cue, I once again sucked Beth's throbbing clit into my mouth, sucking and biting slightly. Beth's hips began to buck and then she screamed that she was cumming. I felt her thighs tense and then she drenched my face in pussy juice. I was in the process of licking Beth clean when I heard a male voice behind me.

"What the hell is going on here?" I turned around to find the manager, whose nametag read "Milton," standing behind me. He did not look pleased. Beth sat up quickly, covering herself.

"Just having breakfast." I replied, turning to face Milton. "Is there a problem?"

"This is a family restaurant." Milton replied. "I could have you arrested! Now get out. Get out and don't ever come back!"

I gathered up my stuff and was preparing to follow James out the door when Milton turned to Beth. "As for you! You are lucky today was your last day. Otherwise I'd have fired you!"

Beth flipped Milton the bird, gathered her stuff and walked out right behind James and me.

"I hope you enjoyed your meal." Beth grinned at me, waving as she got in her car.