 Oh what a beautiful morning, I sigh, as the sun shines through the bedroom window. I stretch out in the bed, reaching my arms upward, arching my back and shifting my spine in a sidewards motion. My bare legs stretch and my toes curl. It was the weekend. A smile covers my face.

I turn on my side and reach over with my arms and legs for you. "Empty..!" Although the warmth of your body still lingers in the covers. I sit up and call out, "Baby!" 

You reply from the kitchen, "Stay there, I'm making you breakfast in bed". 

I fall backwards into the pillow and moan...aaah. I was too anxious to stay put. I want you. I want you now! My arms and legs slide up and down over the warmth you left in the covers. My face moves to your pillow and your scent throbs in my head. Oh, I yearn for you. 

I fling back the covers and rush quietly into the kitchen. There you are standing in front of the stove naked. Quietly, I admire your beauty. The supple curves and lines of your bare body. You gently sway as you move your weight from one leg to the other. It arouses my passion and intensifies my yearning. 

Slowly I move behind you, embrace my arms around your waist and kiss your ear tenderly. "Honey" you exclaim, "I'm cooking you breakfast in bed! Go back to bed!". I ignore the command as I press closer and my hands caress your stomach and thighs. My nipples press against your back. My wet thighs press against your ass cheeks. My parted lips kissing your neck and shoulders as you begin to squirm against me only increasing my passions.

You tilt your head as my moist lips move about your neck all the while my hands caressing you affectionately. Your breath quickens keeping pace with mine. You arch. You're defenseless struggling with a rising quiche, sizzling sausage and passion.

Lovingly I continue pressing firmly against you, gliding my hands over your moistened skin. Breathing fire from my nostrils I whisper, "I want you for breakfast!"

My mouth hungry to taste some part of you, I lean down, and bite into your shoulder.

Do I hear the word,"please" escape your lips? I think yes, because you push my hand down between your legs, grinding yourself against my fingers.

"No," I whisper in your ear. "Not yet, not here. Let me take you to the bed where we can do this right."

"Yes, yes, anywhere," you answer, and before I know it you have all the burners on the stove off. Turning around, you offer me your hand. I lead you to the bedroom. Hand in hand we crawl onto the bed. Pulling the covers up over us, we face one another; so close I feel your warm, heavy breath on my chin, your breasts and belly touching mine. I drape a leg over your own, drawing my hand down your back slowly, stopping when I reach your soft, full bottom. I hold you there, kneading this place where you are so full and yielding, giving the pressure you love. You offer me your mouth, ravenously brushing my lips, searching out my tongue, humming a low guttural, hungry sound into my mouth. 

I pull away from you, touching a finger to your lips to prevent you from thinking we are anywhere near finished.

Throwing the covers back, I quickly move on top of you, rolling you to your back and straddling your hips. I lace my fingers through yours, raising your arms over your head and pushing them down. I hover over you, dipping my head down to draw my tongue from your ear, to your neck, and finally down to your breasts, where I take turns lapping at one nipple, then the other. Your hips wiggle beneath mine, that warm wet place begging for my attention.

Letting go of your hands, I lick my way slowly down your body. Reaching that patch that is so wet from the foreplay. So wet that the insides of your thighs are covered with a thin film of slippery juices.

I lick the inside of your thighs, slurping up all the wetness, then start my upward journey to heaven. Your body trembling as my lips find your slit wet and inviting. My tongue, penetrates you deeply. Instantly your walls constrict around my tongue as it moves slow and steady. Your clit, swollen and throbbing, waits eagerly for the moment my tongue will embrace it.

Moving up, I attack it with my licks. My mind beginning to blur in the thought, the feel, the taste of you. I sense the oncoming explosion of your desire. Understanding your need, my pace quickens as I close my eyes, caught up in the waves of pleasures that completely rack your body. Minutes,hours, years----nothing seemed to matter except this moment. Your body grows flush. Our hearts beat in time, while I drink from you. Your essence freeing me from my hunger.

With the nectar from your sex running down my chin, I prop myself up on my elbows, looking up at you, laying there, still, drained, exhausted. 

"You are going to have to fix me breakfast in bed more often" I tell you with a smile as I crawl up and join you. 

Pulling the covers up, you wrap your arms around me. "Shhh..." you whisper in my ear, as you hold me. 

The food on the stove is long forgotten.