 I had been roommates with Andrea for three months, and she had never once had a guy stay over. She didn't have a boyfriend back home either, and she easily could have with a body like hers.

Andrea was tall—almost 5'10", skinny, and had long sandy blonde hair and brown eyes. She had very large tits which she kept in a snug bra and hidden under sweaters seemingly at all times. Her ass was tight and her thighs, though small, had muscular definition. In short, though I'd never been with a woman, she was my secret fantasy. And part of the allure, I'm sure, was that she'd always kept on the straight and narrow.

I myself hadn't really gotten all that much action since coming to college either, but its hard when you have a roommate like Andrea. Once the guys I bring back to the room get a look at her, I have to fight to keep them paying attention to any conversation that we're having. In the past, I've never really had any trouble getting guys interested in me. My eyes are bright blue, I have dark hair, and am short with a tiny frame and small titties. My favorite of my own features is my big pouty lips—and they're most guys favorite too. However, none of it seems to be enough for these guys once they eye Andrea up and down. In the end, out of frustration, I just send them home with little more than a few kisses. And that's how Andrea and I had gotten along since meeting on move in day—me frustrated with the little attention I've gotten from the guys, and she seemingly uninterested in sex at all.

A week before last Thursday, however, when I got back from a study group at the library, I accidentally walked in on her. When I opened the door, I had a startling yet beautiful view of Andrea bending over to pick up something (I never did notice what it was) with her firm buns pointed in my direction. She was wearing thin blue cotton panties and for once, no bra, and I could see her lovely tits hanging down, looking larger than any I'd ever seen. I startled her and she jumped, causing her breasts to bounce and giggle, but then she covered up with a towel. Apparently she hadn't heard the deadbolt as I'd turned the key.

Andrea was a shy girl about undressing in front of me, and I'd never seen her even in her panties before. Normally, I wouldn't ever care about such things myself, but it had seemed natural to simply cover up too, since she was more comfortable with it that way. And so, this was definitely the most I'd seen of her. 

"Oops—sorry," she said, and I responded with something similar and that was that. Though she was modest, the event was nothing that she didn't appear to forget in five minutes.

That night, while we both laid in our separate beds, I couldn't help but think of her. With her firm ass out, and bent over the way she was, I imagined if I'd stepped closer, peeled off those cotton panties and rubbed her pussy from behind. What would she have done then? Would she have been startled again and jumped like she did anyway? Then those breasts of hers would have gone bouncing around like honeydews. I would have liked to sink my teeth into those tits of hers and tasted them. 

Under the covers, I slid down my hand to my panties and slipped my thumb inside them. I bent my knees up and moved the silky panties down. Then as I thought of Andrea's firm ass, I moved my hand back up and then down over my belly button and the few wisps of pubic hair and down to my pussy. I lightly brushed the surface of my already engorged pussy and that sent shivers up and down my body. Soon I was pumping one then two fingers in and out of my hole. My bed squeaked three times in succession, and I figured she must have known what I was doing, so I slowed a bit. Andrea rolled over and readjusted her blankets. I pulled out my wet fingers and licked them under my blanket. Though it was killing me, I didn't masturbate again that night, though I couldn't get her out of my mind.

A few days passed, and I was beginning to go crazy thinking about her. It was torture to live with such an amazing creature as Andrea, and not to be able to touch her or to even talk to her about anything sexual a bit. Perhaps I'd try something when she got back from wherever she was. It was Monday night, and the weekend had passed without Andrea's even so much as going to a party. I had met a few guys on Saturday, but opted not to bring any of them back to our dorm room. One of them had given me a bottle of rum—an unopened leftover from the party. Alcohol was tough for freshmen to get on campus. I went to the fridge to get the rum so that I could mix it with a soda. When I opened the door, however, I noticed that the bottle was much more empty than it had been. I'd had only a drink or two, and now the bottle was nearly half gone. Could Andrea have had it? It must have been someone else, I thought, though in fact I hoped it had been her who drank the rum. She could have used a little loosening up, and I'd have liked to see her drunk.

A few hours passed and it was almost 11—still no sign of Andrea. I was starting to worry a bit, so I flipped on the late night talk shows to get my mind off it. 12:30 rolled around, and I couldn't wait up any longer. I turned out the lights, peeled off my clothes and hopped into bed. I realized that I'd never, actually even once, gone to bed before her. It was only when she had gone home that I'd gone to sleep alone in the room. It seemed very strange to me now, as if I had to wait up for her.

A few minutes after I'd been laying in bed, I heard a few noises grow closer, and then the key turned the deadbolt. I laid back and pretended to be asleep as she came in. In she walked. Then I heard a voice whispering to her, and a desk light went on. I snuck a peek and could not believe my eyes! Andrea had come in with, and was now whispering back to, a young girl who appeared from her outfit to be either a stripper or a hooker. She was blonde—light blonde, with an athletic but slim body. She was tan and wore only a pink bikini which appeared to be made of something like latex. The girl had clear blue eyes and was missing a tooth in the side of her smile.

The two of them were giggling and Andrea pulled the girl to her by the string of her latex bikini. I tried to breathe naturally, as if I was sleeping, so that they would not hesitate to continue in plain view. The didn't really seem to care at all though.

The blonde girl rubbed Andrea's beautiful tits right through the fuzzy sweater she was wearing. Andrea arched her back and rolled her eyes in delight. Then she took a step back and reached down to her zipper. The girl looked on as Andrea did the sexiest dance and slid her tight khaki pants off, revealing her blue cotton panties like the ones I had seen on her.

"Ooh, you are sooo gonna get it!" said the blonde girl. She stepped forward and yanked Andrea's panties forcefully down to her knees.

"Eee," Andrea squealed with excitement. Her gorgeous pussy was exposed with the smallest patch of hair above it.

I was getting very wet, but continued to hold out. I wanted the show to go on.

"You want it?" whispered the pink latex girl.

"I want it," came Andrea's response.

The blonde got down on her knees and Andrea moved to her. She grabbed Andrea's tight ass around her and started licking away at her pussy wildly.

"Ooh! Oooohh!" Andrea gasped.

The continued on and I could see Andrea's abdominals tensing and releasing with each pounce of the girl's tongue into her. After awhile, it started to look more like Andrea was fucking the girl's mouth than the other way around.

Finally, they crashed into the bed. Andrea tore off her sweater and the girl sucked on the precious titties. Then the two of them started to giggle and whisper again, and I wondered if they were now considering whether or not they had woken me. The only way they could realistically not have known I was awake, I thought, was through the aid of alcohol.

"Do it," the blonde whispered.

"I can't," replied Andrea.

"Do it for me."

"I can't"

"Do it now!" she said, more firmly.

Andrea got up slowly in her naked glory and walked over by the doorway. She reached into a bag and pulled out something I couldn't make out at first. As she untangled it, I realized that she was holding a double-sided strap-on dildo in her hands. 

As she walked back to the bed, I could hardly control my excitement. I couldn't believe the show I was about to see.

The blonde, while licking her lips, helped get Andrea fastened into the straps and pushed a long shaft into Andrea's soaking wet pussy.

Suddenly I could see that the latex girl was pushing Andrea in MY direction! What was happening?! Andrea, with a blush on her cheeks, slowly moved to my bed as I tensed up and closed my eyes completely, trying again to breathe as if I were asleep.

Slowly, she peeled my covers away and she put one knee carefully on the bed, seemingly trying her best not to wake me. Then she got moved my legs apart with both hands, and as she mounted the bed and kneeled between me, my head began to swirl!

I began to tingle as I felt her hand moving my panties to the side. I twitched a bit, yet tried to remain as still as possible. Slowly, the bulge of the dildo worked itself into me. As Andrea extended the shaft into my boiling pussy, she dove onto me and licked my lips. And as she did, my pussy exploded with wetness. I screamed in delight and she devoured my lips with hers as she pounded me over and over. Her fleshy breasts melded with my firm tits and slapped them as she entered me again and again. I kissed down her neck and began to bite into her there and she screamed out my name in ecstasy.

That was all that I remember, because I must have blacked out at that time. When I awoke, Andrea and the blonde were gone. The only remaining traces were the lingering scent of flesh in the air and the aching feeling in my pussy.