 Catherine was an easy living girl. She studied at the University of Boston and was 21. She really love to go out and have fun at parties – and after them as well. She was a medium-sized, very pretty, young woman. She had nice blonde hair, a bit longer than shoulder-length and pretty, a bit girlish face with a nice, seductive laugh. She had quite a slim body, with a fine ass and B-cupped breasts, that were not very big, just a nice, small handful. 

At tonight's students party she got to know one of the elder student girls. Her name was Nina, and at the age of 24 she was three years older than herself. She too was quite a funny and somehow cool and tough girl. She was dressed in very tight fitting blue jeans and a jeans blouse too, while Catherine wore a white blouse and jeans. Nina was only a very little taller than Catherine and she too had a very sportive and slim figure, her breasts were even a bit smaller than Catherine's. She had long, black hair, reaching down well over her shoulders. Her face was really beautiful and she always had that cool expression.

The two girls had started chatting and having fun and soon Catherine got to know that Nina was strictly lesbian. Catherine had never before had any lesbian experiences. She was a bit fascinated by that women, that started flirting with her. They began an argue about what was the better sex – lesbian or hetero and it was not long till Nina suggested a bet: she said that she could make Catherine cum by just pleasuring her breast with her mouth. If she really made it Catherine would spend the night with her.

Catherine was in fun mood and also got very excited by that bet and so she quickly agreed and the two party girls made for Nina's room.

"So let's get started, Catherine. It will not take me long to make you cum. You are already mine for tonight, little hetero girl," Nina teased her. "So open your blouse for me and give me access to my work!"

"But I want to see your tits, too," Catherine replied. "What a pleasure for me. You are on the right way, Babe!"

The two girls loved. Catherine loved the way Nina talked. Both girls started unbuttoning their blouses. Catherine had seen a lot of naked breasts in her life, but for the first time she looked at breasts in a sexually orientated way. And somehow it made her hot. She found the quiet, flat, but very firm breasts with slightly aroused nipples really very sexy.

Nina too loved the sight of Catherine's pair of tits. With her hands she grabbed for both breasts and let her fingers gently play.

"Which one shall I take? Hmmm. I will start where your heart is. So I take the left."

Nina did not waste any time. Her left hand felt out Catherine's left breast. She was very gentle and soft. Her fingers tenderly stroke over her skin, rounded the breast, teased the undersides, gently played around the sensitive area around her nipple and of course did not forget to rub her nipple. Within seconds Catherine was standing rock hard.

Catherine did not have big nipples. Even when fully erect they were rather small, but they were really sensitive. From the first moment Catherine felt a wave of pleasure sweeping through her body. She felt an arousal make her blood rush; and it were not only her nipples that showed the signs of her sexual arousal; very soon her pussy was getting moist, was getting wet with her sweat, creamy love juices. She would have loved to take her hand into her jean and use her fingers on her pussy. But she did not dare that; instead her hand went to her right breast and her own fingers started playing with her other nipple. 

It was not only the very experienced and very sexy touching of Nina but maybe even more the arousing situation of doing such a naughty bet, and of doing it with another woman, of experiencing a lesbian situation for the first time.

Catherine looked down and highly aroused watched as Nina now brought her mouth to her breast. With quick and teasing butterfly kisses she covered every inch of the skin of her breasts. Her red, wet lips were eagerly kissing and the sight of it almost took Catherine's breath. 

Soon Nina's warm, wet kisses reached the area around her nipple. She was very sensitive there. Moans escaped her mouth. Nina also used her tongue. She licked along the undersides of her breast and up again to the surroundings of her nipple. The wet, teasing, tongue circled her nipple area and over and over again touched her rock hard, erect nipple. 

Catherine could not take her eyes of Nina's beautiful face so close at he breast and at her mouth, lips and tongue that were teasing, pleasuring her breast in an experienced, arousing way, it never had been before. 

With short, quick and hard licks Nina tongue now added one gear of arousal. Catherine's already fully erect nipple seemed to grow even more. She now really moaned with lust. She stood against the wall of the room, moaned with lust and pleasure and watched Nina pleasure her breast. 

Wilder and harder became Nina's tongue licks and then her whole mouth went over her nipple. Her lips closed around the erect nipple. Her tongue still circled the nipple within her mouth, made it wet and hot, before she eagerly started sucking it. 

Nina's own nipples were rock hard now too and she could not resist her own urges and so her free hand went between her legs rubbing against her jean at her crotch area and thus giving herself a bit of additional pleasure to her meanwhile wet pussy.

The sucking made Catherine to moan constantly. She already knew that she had lost the bet and even if she would not cum, she knew one thing: that she definitely wanted to spend the night with this hot girl. But she wanted to cum and she knew she already was close to it.

Her eyes still were fixed to her own left breast, her hand still was playing with her right nipple. She saw and felt as Nina's mouth was sucking deeper and harder, as her lips were parting more and more and so she now had not only her nipple but almost two thirds of her whole breast within her wet, warm mouth. 

Nina sucked her whole breast, licked the skin of it within her mouth, circled her nipple area and licked hard against the nipple – all within her eager mouth. 

Alone the picture of that pretty girl having almost all her breast sucked into her mouth and the feeling of the warmth and wetness made Catherine reach the edge. 

Nina's experienced mouth now went up and down her breast, going back to only her nipple and sucking it and opening up more again and suck her whole breast again. Leaving traces of wetness at Catherine's breast skin. Always using her tongue against the erect nipple when sucking the whole breast. Over and over again the 24year old student thus pleasured her breast and her nipple, she gently bit the nipple and softly sucked, kissed and licked it and then she sucked her whole breast again into her mouth, still licking against the nipple.

A shiver of pleasure and lust ran through Catherine's body as she reached the climax and her orgasm came really hard. With her hands she now pressed Nina's head against her breast, her knees were week. 

Her eyes were closed as the still breast sucking Nina looked up and into Catherine's face. She could see the pure sexual pleasure in it. The lesbian student new that she had not only won the bet.

Nina softly and tenderly kissed the over-all wet breast and nipple good-bye, after Catherine's huge orgasm had subsided a bit. She stood close to the younger student and looked deeply into her eyes. 

Nina grinned: "You are mine now, I guess!" "If its all like this I will love to be yours not only for this night," Catherine whispered still exhausted but somehow already aroused again.

Nina lay her hand between Catherine's legs and rubbed against her pussy area. She knew how wet she would be. The two girls started kissing and Nina slowly moved her price towards her bed.

She would show Catherine that there were even better pleasures than what she had just experienced…

FEEDBACK, COMMENTS and VOTINGS are very, very WELCOME!! Greetings from your Pussylove69!...never forget to enjoy life...and good sex is part of it!!