 I was on my summer break after my sophomore year and my girlfriend was in Europe. When I wasn't working at a cafe in town, I was home writing hot emails to her and reading her responses. I missed her terribly, but there wasn't much I could do about it. I hung out with friends from high school a lot and went to a lot of movies. But I was really horny and wanted to have sex with someone. The last person in the world I thought would become my lover was a beautiful married woman I met at a health club.

Her name was Bree, and I'd seen her come into my cafe a couple of times, usually with another pretty woman. The first time I served her I just had to stare. She was tall, at least thirty years old, stylishly dressed and always wore short skirts which showed off the most perfect legs I had ever seen. She was very exotic looking as well, with mysterious green eyes, creamy tan skin and dark brunette hair that fell to her shoulders. I was blonde and fair-skinned as was my girlfriend, but I was always lusting after dark-haired, dark-skinned girls on campus, and Bree was more beautiful than any of them. She seemed like a very nice person as well, and I wanted to know her. She always smiled at me and as the weeks went by she would always stop and say hello when she saw me in the cafe, so when I walked by her in the health club I wasn't totally unprepared for her greeting, but she looked so hot in her sports bra and shorts that I could barely get a word out. I could sense that other people were staring as we talked.

I'm Bree," she said.

She offered her hand. I took it.

"Erin," I said.

"I was going over to the cafe, after I showered. Would you like to join me?"

"Sure," I said.

So we both showered and dressed and I met her next door at the health club's cafe. We sat down and talked. It all seemed so "adult." She looked me straight in the eye as she talked, which gave me ample time to stare straight into her beautiful eyes and face. She laughed easily and seemed to "get" me and I felt flattered. She also complimented me on my body and we playfully compared muscles. I was about an inch shorter than her but in her heels she was even taller. I was used to being the taller one. I thought about what it would be like to hold her in my arms and kiss her. I'd never been with an older woman before and I knew that if we did have sex that it would be amazing. And she was married! At the time I didn't realize that I was giving off such strong vibes of lust. I didn't tell her that I was gay; no one at work knew, and I hadn't come out to my parents, but Bree seemed to be picking it up. She playfully touched me a few times as we chatted and when we left the cafe and went to the parking lot, she took my hand and kissed me on the cheek and we exchanged numbers and made plans to meet the following week.

A couple of days went by. I was bored at work and I decided to take Friday off and go to the beach by myself. I was packing up my things when I got a call on my cell. I answered it. It was Bree. "Hey," she said. "I didn't see you at the cafe today."


"I know," I said. "I wasn't into it, so I took the day off."

"So what are you going to do today?"

I dropped my beach bag on the floor and sat down on my bed. And then I did something bold. "I don't know," I said. "Do you want to do something."

"Sure," she said. "How about lunch?"

"Okay," I said.

"Great."

We made plans to meet at a fancy place at the upscale shopping center on the outskirts of town. I was guessing that she lived near there, which made be even more excited to see her. I put on some tight jeans and a black men's silk shirt that I'd found in a store at college. I even put on some make-up and fixed my hair, which I'd recently cut short.

I decided on wearing just a pair of sandals--I didn't want to seem too dressed up--and I practically ran out of the house and to my car.

When I got to the place it was practically empty, Bree greeted me with another kiss on the cheek and we took a table in the back of the place, where we could have some privacy. Something told me that she'd done this before, with someone else, maybe the pretty woman I'd seen her with at that cafe. So I sat down across from her with growing excitement. "You look beautiful!' She said and touched my arm.

"So do you," I said and I meant it. She was wearing a pale green suit and a white tank top, and she had just gotten her hair and nails done. We ordered and then chatted a while and then, shyly, she asked me if I was dating anyone. I swallowed hard and told her.

"I am, I mean, I was," I said. "But she's in Europe for the Summer. And I don't know how serious it is. For all I know, she's sleeping with someone else right now."

She took my hand in hers and we locked fingers. 

"And you're married," I said.

"I know," she said. "But he doesn't know and doesn't really care."

"Care about what?"

"That I have affairs with women."

"Oh," I said.

Our food arrived and we ate very little.

"So tell me," she said. "Don't you want to know how old I am?"

"Sure," I said.

"I'm thirty-two."

"I'm twenty," I said.

She smiled and took my hand and kissed it.

"Have you been with someone older before?" She said.

"No," I said. "But I want to be with you."

She leaned over and put her mouth to my ear.

"Come home with me," she whispered

My heart began to beat even faster. "Okay," I said.

We got the check and slowly walked to the parking lot. She followed me to my car and we kissed each other on the lips. "Just follow me," she said. "And we'll have some fun."

We drove out of the parking lot and took a left into the private road next to the restaurant. Then we went up a hill and into a long driveway. I parked and got out and watched as Bree got out of her sports car. Then she walked towards me

and put her arms around me and we kissed. "No one's home," she said. "We have the place to ourselves." Then she took my hand and led me into the house and into the living room. The place was huge. I sat down on a couch and Bree brought me a glass of wine. She took off her jacket and sat down next to me and kicked off her shoes and put her long beautiful legs under her. I did the same. She smiled. "Hi," she said.

"Hi," I said.

She ran her fingers through my hair. "You have beautiful hair," she said.

"Not as beautiful as yours," I said.

She drew me to her and we kissed more passionately. She ran her tongue across my teeth and then our tongues met for the first time. Then she took me in her arms and we fell upon the sofa, pressing our bodies together. "I had such a crush on you," I said.


She smiled. "I had one on you."

"I can't believe I got you," I said.

She kissed my neck and ear and drew me closer. I put my arms around her and caressed her sides, kissing both of her breasts and then our lips met. "My beautiful little girl," she said. "You're so fucking cute."

We kissed some more and then she stood up and pulled me up with her. She silently led me to her bedroom and closed the door and leaned against it. I went to her and we embraced. She unbuttoned my shirt and led me to the bed and pushed me down upon it. Then she got on top of me and we grinded into each other, kissing even more passionately as we took off each other's clothes. Soon we were both just wearing panties. I was in my Calvin Kleins, and she was in a beautiful pair of white silk panties. She pulled mine off first, going slowly and hesitating as they stuck for just a second before revealing my pussy and then pulling them off. Then she kneeled on front of me and stuck a finger down the front of her panties and moaned. Then she took it out and I took it in my mouth and sucked. I helped her pull hers down, and then she lay next to me and put her leg over mine and rubbed her foot against my calf.

"The first time is always so special," she said. Her green eyes were glowing and she could stop smiling as we kissed and caressed each other. She got on top of me and let her hair brush against my body, kissing my breasts and belly and she glided her tongue down to my burning pussy. I moaned and spread my legs wide. She kissed the inside of my thighs and glided her tongue around my pussy lips, slowly taking my clit into her mouth and lightly sucking on it. I moaned louder and played with her hair as she ate my pussy, moving faster as I shook under her, coming closer and closer to a climax. She moaned as well as she heard my breathing and then buried her face in my cunt as I came. She looked up at me and kissed my cunt and then took me in her arms. "I love the taste of pussy," she whispered. "Did that feel good, babe?"

"Felt so good," I said.

I cupped her ass with my hand and drew her to me, and then moved my hand around to her crotch and began rubbing her clit between my fingers, she moaned and moved her pelvis against my hand. "Lick my pussy," she said. Then she lay down on the bed and I knew it was my turn. I watched her beautiful breasts flatten against her chest and she spread her legs and bit her lip as I kissed her pussy. I thought I was going to come again, knowing that I was going to make this beautiful woman come with my mouth. I began licking around her pussy just as she did, and then lightly took her clit between my teeth, she moaned loudly and breathed in. "Feels so fucking good," she said. 

"I want to make you feel good," I said.

She moaned again as I glided my tongue around her hole and then stuck it inside her. 

"Oh fuck," she said. "I love it when you do that."

I went deeper and she shook under me. Then I took out my tongue and licked around her clit, until she was begging me to lick it. I took it in my mouth and sucked it and then began to lick her harder, she buckled under me and began to come, taking my head in her hands as I licked her to orgasm. Her eyes were full of tears when I stopped and she embraced me as we fell upon the bed. "Oh baby," she said. "I come so hard with you."

"I don't want this to end," I said.

She kissed me and brushed my cheek with her hand.

"It doesn't have to," she said.

We rested awhile, just holding and kissing each other and then she told me about her first time with another woman.

"My best friend in college," she said. "We had both broken up with our boyfriend and were both feeling bad about ourselves. We had trouble getting dates. I guess our looks intimidated the guys. I was always attracted to girls but had never done anything about it. I developed a crush on Shelly and I thought I was just being crazy. Then one night Shelly confessed to me that she'd been sleeping with a girl in her sorority. When she told me that, well everything fell into place and I told her that I liked her and we began having sex. We lived together during senior year and had boyfriends but we still slept together from time to time."

"Do you still see her?" I asked.

"No," she said. "It ended badly, but that's another story for another time."

"What about that woman I saw you with at the cafe?"

"She's just a friend."

"Oh."

"I have a friend in the city that I see every couple of months. We go shopping and then get a hotel and have wild sex. She likes me to fuck her with a strap-on."

"I've never done that," I said.

"You should try it sometime, it's fun."

"Okay."

She squeezed me tight and kissed me on the shoulder. "So," she said"What about you?"

I told her about my girlfriend in college. We were each other's first, even though we'd made out with girls before. I told her how we first got together and Bree seemed very interested. She held me as spoke and kissed my ear. "She's crazy for letting you get away," she said. "You're so cute, I can't get enough of you."

We began kissing again and put our hands all over each other. She got on top of me and hovered over me, pressing her beautiful breasts against mine and fucking my mouth with her tongue. "I want this summer to be special, Erin," she said. "I want to fuck you as many times as I can before you go back to school."

"I want to fuck you too," I said.

She parted my legs and moved her leg between mine and we began rubbing our pussies together. I had never came from doing this with my girlfriend but I was sure that I was going to come this time. She lifted my leg in the air and fucked me even harder. I couldn't believe how good it felt. 

"You ever come this way?" she whispered.

"No," I said.

"I'll make you come."

"Okay."

I watched as she ground her beautiful pussy into mine, her strong toned arms holding her up, moving her body up and down. I grabbed her arm and kissed it.

"Fuck my brains out," I moaned.

"I'm going to," she said. "Watch me."

The feeling got more intense and I moved against her moaning even louder.

"I want you to scream for me Erin," she said.

"Oh Bree."

Then we both screamed and came, screaming out each other's name. Bree collapsed on top of me and we kept our drenched pussies together as we kissed and cried and held each other.