 Jen took off all her clothes and stepped into the shower.

The warm water splashed over her naked body...flowing quickly down her back and shoulders...streaming over her chest and bare breasts...down further over her tummy and running like a river into her trimmed bush...flowing over her ass and between her legs...and finally running down her legs and feet...soaking her in massaging warmth. 

It was the most peaceful place in the world. No kids...no dirty dishes..no rattling noise in the van...no moody hubby like he had been this morning...nothing but Jen, wet, warm, becoming clean and fresh again. 

And no computer to tempt her. Tempt her to....what?

It had been several days since her last chat with Brenda...another hot, fantasizing, masturbation sex chat with this wonderful friend she had met...but with the shock of learning that they were much closer than she had thought. 

Jen had deliberately not thought about where Brenda lived...keeping the mystery perhaps, the anonymity, the sense that this friend lived only in cyberspace rather than being a living, breathing, normal woman just like Jen herself. But suddenly, almost accidentally, they realized they lived in the same Big City after all.

For a brief moment Jen had had visions of Brenda living...where...on the next street...maybe their kids were at the same school...perhaps they had stood in line together at the grocery store...oh man...

But after a few tentative questions..."north side?" "how suburban?"....they figured they were perhaps an hour away from each other. Too...scared?...to be too precise...but both silently thinking...wondering...whether this chatty friendship might possibly turn into something more. 

Something a lot more.

Jen was so busy thinking...remembering...that she stood still in the shower...eyes closed, not washing, not touching either...even tho she felt that familiar tingling. The special, exciting, unique arousal she felt when she thought about Brenda...about Brenda her friend, her special friend...the outlet for her fantasies...her...her masturbation partner...her cybersex lover even..but so much more as well. 

All Jen's sex fantasies made her feel guilty...but chatting with Brenda was wonderful precisely because she understood the guilt. Brenda knew everything, because she felt it too...the terribly mixed feelings...the way the guilt fed the arousal...how being bad was so hot. 

When Jen chatted to anyone else online, it was sex talk..fast and furious...get the clothes off...get the fingers moving, push it further, get off, get off, get off. But with Brenda, it was so much more...it was confession, sharing, the wonderful sense of not being alone in this. It was equal parts support and arousal...that even as they laid out their agony, they got hornier and hornier...until they satisfied themselves and each other through dirty naughty wonderful masturbation. 

And now...a whole new realm of possibilities. What to do???????

Her eyes were still closed as she felt the tingling grow. And soon, as if it was inevitable, Jen began to touch herself. Lightly, so familiarly, just massaging her tummy at first...fingers moving through the waterfall..then up a bit...brushing her breasts...one hand down along her side...down past her waist...moving closer. 

She rarely orgasmed in the shower...but loved to touch like this...just building the tingles...especially as one hand brushed her nipples...sensitive despite the hot steam...while the other made its familiar way through her hair...her own private secret hair...closer and closer. 

As she opened down below, her mind raced with the new possibilities she had already thought about so many times. The idea of...meeting Brenda. For real. Just to see her...to see into her eyes...to know once and for all the realness of all this. That Brenda was real, a woman who surely looked perfectly normal but secretly went home and masturbated about sex with women, surfing the net looking for porn and sex partners, but then went back out in public looking totally normal and respectable. As respectable as Jen seemed to others. 

Jen excited herself so much just thinking of this...just a glimpse of the real Brenda...that she sometimes never went further...to the idea of....of....BEING with Brenda. Privately and secretly. Getting naked with Brenda...the two of them undressing each other....unbuttoning and unzipping each other...undoing bras...Jen taking off Brenda's panties for her...ohhhh. And that could be just the start. 

The start of a lot more. 

Now Jen was rubbing quicker, faster. Fingers probing...massaging her exposed clit now...others moving in and out of her openness...quick touches to the breasts and nipples...as she built herself up to a rare shower orgasm. Thinking of being naked with Brenda...masturbating together...still talking and sharing like in chat...but bodies touching...probing..fondling...licking. 

Mmmmmmmmmmmm. Jen came in the shower, legs shaking.

Oh man. How long had she been standing there? She quickly, efficiently, mechanically washed herself, sparing her hair today, hardly letting herself think about anything except the day's errands. Soon she was dripping on the bathroom floor, towel quickly covering her nakedness, moving to the bedroom to dress, still hardly letting her thoughts wander. She felt guilty again...not so much for masturbating again about Brenda, but just for the time she had wasted. Think of the hot water bill alone. 

But occasionally, a tingle emerged again. And Jen kept thinking. She had already entertained so many ideas in her mind...even thinking...just how it could happen. 

They could meet...for coffee..maybe at the big mall where the interstates met...just meet...but...she remembered...all those big hotels there...respectable, anonymous...as respectable and normal as Jen and Brenda themselves. A place where they could...if they wanted...they could... 

Oh man. She had put panties on...but suddenly felt the urge to take them off again. Without thinking, she began to finger herself inside her panties....then massaging her tits...still bare...turning to the mirror again where she always got off watching herself masturbate. 

And now she was doing it again...stripping off the clean fresh panties...baldly rubbing her clit like the sex-crazed slut she was...needing to get off again...inflaming her thoughts with Brenda fantasies.

Soon she was on the bed...her favorite position...ass up and exposed...fingers mashed between the pillow and her pussy...fondling and rubbing her tits...naked and masturbating. 

Her horny mind raced and filled in all the blanks. It was all so simple. She and Brenda could meet....late in the morning, enough time to send the kids off and drive there...at the coffee shop at the west end of the mall...but hotels nearby...no problem finding a discreet quiet respectable place...then they would meet...maybe getting soaking wet right there...hardly making it to the hotel...then getting naked with Brenda...having...having...sex with Brenda...real sex...not cyber masturbation....real sex with Brenda. Jennifer and Brenda together having sex. 

Oh mannnnnnnnnnnnn. She was cummmmming again. It was so sexy and glorious.

But soon again, it was a glow mixed with guilt. Holy crap...what was she getting herself into? A lesbian affair? And what if Brenda was really crazy...way weirder than she appeared...some freak lying or manipulating Jen for who knows what possible reason. That could be even worse than just sleeping with another woman...which...was pretty bad. Cheating. 

But really, any worse than already sharing deep naughty fantasies and mutually masturbating online, virtually licking each other's pussy and having imaginary sex? Jen's mind went back and forth. Crap. It was so complicated. There never seemed to be an easy answer...other than stop everything...which had failed so many times before. 

It hung like a heavy weight in her mind as she dressed and got ready to face the world...or at least her kitchen.

************************************

It was mid-afternoon and Brenda was bored. Bored bored bored...again. She could...clean the fridge. She could pay some bills. She could sort out the kids' clothes. She could go to the mall and see things she couldnt afford. She could go grocery shopping and navigate around all the seniors and their motorized carts. 

Or she could go online and have some hot sex chat. 

So..inevitably...like always...she soon logged on...and there was Jen. Jen, who she hadn't talked to since their...what...their revelation. Jen, so close. 

"Hi."

"Hi." 

They did their usual slow chit-chat...like slowly easing into a hot bath...sometimes almost cringing but soon, comfortably, easing into the all-encompassing warmth of each other. The understanding...the slow building of arousal...but still, they kept unspoken what was in the back of their minds. 

"Mmmm...Brenda."

"Mmmm, Jen..." Brenda's hands were exploring...already reaching down deep into her panties...masturbating again...the two of them driving each other on. She lifted up her shirt...and undid her bra...exposing her bare breasts and her firm nipples to the air...pants undone...slutty slutty thoughts in her head. 

They confessed to each other what they were doing...how they were both masturbating...right there...together...so aroused by each other...aroused by the thought of each other touching herself...their bare naked bodies... 

Soon Brenda's pants were off. She told Jen. 

"Mmm...just panties then?" asked Jen.

"Yes, Jen...nothing but my panties," said Brenda. 

"Ohhh...mmm...wish I could take them off for you," said Jen.

"Mmm yes," said Brenda. "I wish you could undress me all the way." 

"Yes..the two of us...naked together..." said Jen.

It was so hot...Brenda pulled off her panties...now she was totally nude and fingering everywhere. "Yes, Jen...if we could only be naked together."

"Mmmm...you know we could be..."

Brenda's eyes were closed as she fondled her tits and pussy...and she didn't see or respond at first. When she saw what Jen had said...she almost jumped. Oh man. 

But Brenda was soooo aroused and horny. She replied, "Yes, Jen...we could be together...for real."

"So amazing."

"We really could do it."

"Meet for real."

"Yes."

"Meet and get naked."

"Mmmm...meet and have sex...the two of us." 

"Yes."

"Oh man....." 

They were both naked...totally slick and wet...fingers pushing in and out...nipples on fire...their clits absolutely electric...everything out of control now...beyond all reason...no hesitation...just that flame...that they wanted to burn higher and higher...piling on more and more fuel...whatever it took... 

"Jen..." began Brenda.

"Yes, Brenda..."

"Why don't we..."

"Why don't we..." Jen paused, then said it. "Do it? For real?"

"Yes, Jen. For real."

"Mmmm." Jen typed slowly with one hand...the other in her pussy. 

"Have you thought about it...for real?" 

Jen hesitated again. "Yes."

"Mmm me too."

"Thought it out in my mind...how we could do it..."

"Me too." Brenda typed quickly so her hands could go back to her bare tits...the tits she wanted Jen to see and lick for real.

"We could meet halfway...like at the big mall."

"Mmm lots of hotels there."

Jen swallowed. "Yes." They continued...the two of them building the whole idea in their minds...leave the house in the middle of the day...meet at the coffee shop...then...to a private room...for... 

And all the time they fondled their own naked bodies...Brenda fetching her vibrator...thinking of touching each other...exploring...actually being with another woman for real. Brenda pressed her pretty little secret close to her clit...already almost driving her over to the edge...but not as hot as the thought of her and Jen together...licking each other's bodies...all over...lips...neck... nipples...thighs...clit...mmm...licking Jen's bare clit...ohhhh 

Jen pressed two fingers inside herself...while gently thumbing her clit...so sensitive...other hand flicking her nipples...tongue wishing it had something too...Jen masturbating...cybering with Brenda...filled with this incredible plan...this plan to be naked and have sex with Brenda...for real. 

It was a new feeling...a new plane they had never reached...so wild and incredible...that it felt so right...they wanted to do it now...today...if not then soon, please, soon...Jen and Brenda together. Now. Now. Now. 

"Maybe even...tomorrow...?" said Jen. 

Brenda thought through the haze of sex and arousal to her schedule, even though that didn't matter. Whatever else there was could wait. 

"Mmm...yes...yes..."

"Mmm yes."

"Tomorrow we will be naked together."

"Brenda and Jennifer together at last."

"Yessss."

"Mmmm now I think I can cum."

"Mmmm me too..."

They came together...gasping by themselves...typing long "mmmmm's" to let the other know...feeling the excitement, the satisfaction of another encounter...but knowing so much more was waiting...very very soon. 

Perhaps that was what made them sign off quicker than usual...no post-coital small talk...just the quick rush of real life returning to their heads, and thinking of what they had to do for tomorrow. So they said loving, kissy goodbyes...and signed off. 

****************************************

Jen could barely make dinner, much less eat it. She was a robot mother with the kids, preoccupied. She and hubby watched TV...reruns, but comforting, leaving conversation unnecessary...then to bed...no sex...brush teeth and quick kisses...and then Jen lay awake.

With a giant pit in her stomach. 

What had she done?

All the cybersex, the porn, the crap...and now this...meeting some woman for lesbian adultery. Cheating. With someone she only knew through the computer. Was she just a big fucking idiot? A big fucking pathetic idiot? 

She ran through her head all the stupid and bad things about it. The sex. The cybering. The cheating...keeping such deep dark secrets from the love of her life. The hypocrisy...a good Christian woman involved in total disgusting shit. What a fucking loser. 

And who was this Brenda...probably some psycho liar...really just a figment of her imagination...what she wanted a sex friend to be...but probably a weirdo...some pervert...maybe even a guy somehow...who would probably sneak up on her...take her picture and post it everywhere saying "Internet Lesbian Pervert"...or...geez...blackmail her...oh man...fuck fuck fuck...what had she done... 

And yet...Brenda drove her on. She wanted to be with Brenda...just to meet her...touch her hand...look into her eyes and assure herself that Brenda was for real. And for every awful scenario Jen thought of a response...disguise herself with her biggest sunglasses...park far away so no one could see her licence plate...just play it safe...be careful...it will be all right. It was going to be fun. It's Brenda. She finally fell asleep. 

The giant pit was still there in the morning...but so was excitement...deep excitement like she hadn't felt in a long time...so she tried to act normal, nonchalant, as she quickly shooed her family off to their daytime activities. Thank goodness for supervised school lunch, she thought.

Brenda. Brenda! Brenda!!!!

She chose a pretty maroon bra and panty set...almost unable to believe who might be seeing it soon. Sensible khaki skirt and light green top...the better to look respectable in some hotel lobby. Sunglasses. And soon she was in the minivan - nothing she could do about that - driving to her incredible destiny, ignoring that stupid rattle.

And then the pit took over. Suddenly the elation was gone...and the darkness took over. What was she doing? Why was she doing it? She could still stop...turn around...just say no and quit. Take control of her life. Instead, here she was, going off to meet a stranger for sex. 

The traffic was slow and heavy, giving her more time to fret. She could get off at the next exit. Turn back. No. Yes. No. The van kept moving along, drawing her closer and closer. Not far now. She gripped the steering wheel and tried to ignore the awesome hole in her gut. 

It will go away, she thought, as soon as we meet.

But the pain was almost killing her as she turned off the interstate and headed into the mall parking lot. The coffee shop was outside, just around the corner. Jen parked a distance away and turned the engine off. 

And then she sat there. The giant pit. The pain. The guilt. She could hardly move. It was so bad. She was so bad. She had done so much bad stuff and it was just going to get worse.

Jen burst into tears. 

She couldn't do it. She couldn't. She cried, first sobbing intensely...then slowing down...nose running a bit as she tried to take deep breaths. Calming a little. 

Then she looked around. Two spots away, another woman, about her age, was sitting in another minivan...just sitting, windows closed and motor off. Jen couldn't tell for sure but thought she had been crying too. 

Wow.

The pit disappeared, replaced by...not excitement...more curiosity. And Jen got out and walked over. The woman saw her, startled for a sec, then opened her door a little.

"Jen?"

"Brenda?"

Stay tuned. One more chapter.