 Disclaimer: The characters in this story are entirely fictional, and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead (or undecided), is entirely coincidental. The following story involves graphic descriptions of sexual encounters. If such things offend you, please read no further. For everyone else, I hope you enjoy the story.

Edited and corrected by Terry Dawson. 

***** 

Sitting back in my swivel chair, I looked around the room. I worked for one of the top most successful law firms the city, Mallard and Mallard. It was my father and his brother, Robert Mallard and Harold Mallard. I, of course am Brenda Mallard, daughter of Robert. I am one of three children. My brothers decided that law was not going to be their chosen field. Robert Jr., the youngest, chose medicine and Michael, my older brother, became a research biologist. 

Uncle Harold had no children. That was his own choosing, well... because Uncle Harold was gay. Uncle Harold does not flaunt being gay, but is not ashamed to admit he is gay. At first I was told that father was ashamed and refused to acknowledge that they were brothers. After some time, he slowly accepted it, and now has Uncle Harold and his partner to his home many times for dinner or cookouts. Sometimes the three of them sit in the den and watch the game on Sunday. 

This is neither about my brothers nor my uncle. When I was quite younger, I was living the modern day princess. No harm or wrong would befall me. My father soon abolished all my problems or troubles outside the home. Inside our home, mother ruled, and what mother wanted, mother got. I was her baby girl and was protected as such. 

When I was eighteen, Mark Thompson took me out on a date. He had brought along a six-pack of beer. After drinking three of them, he got into my pants. Needless to say, I also got pregnant. My father, being the lawyer he is, got him to sign away all rights and privileges. During the summer of my sixteenth year, I had Samantha, or Sam as most call her. 

So now here I am, thirty-six and have an eighteen year old daughter. Even at thirty-six, I still have my high school figure. I'm five eight, long auburn hair, my breasts are full C, and gravity has yet to make them sag. I have a twenty-five inch waist, and tapered hips, with what some call a nice bubble butt. I have green eyes with flecks of gold in them. 

Samantha on the other hand is five ten, dirty blond hair and the deepest blue eyes you'd ever want to see. She is close to being a D cup, with a medium build. Because of soccer and softball, she has maintained her weight well. Her softball coach told me that she is good enough thatshe might even be able to get a scholarship playing softball. 

Well, enough about my family and me. It happened on a Thursday that my world was turned upside down. I was scheduled for a late afternoon court appearance, I was checking my briefcase and noticed the files I needed were not there. I realized that I had left them on my nightstand after going over them while relaxing in bed before going to sleep. 

I told Donna, my secretary that I was going to stop at the house and pick up the files I left there and take a long lunch before going to court. After bidding her a good day, I said that I would see her in the morning. 

Thinking Samantha would be out with her friends at the park, I didn't pull into the garage as I might have normally done, thinking I was only going to be a moment. After I came out of my bedroom and just before I turned to go down the hall, I heard a moan coming from the partially opened door of Samantha's bedroom. 

Thinking maybe Samantha was home and maybe ill, I started walking down the hall towards her room. Her door was open maybe six inches, but as I got closer, I heard someone speaking. It was a girl's voice. I stopped and listened for a minute, when I distinctly heard her say, "Oh god Sammy yes, lick me right there." 

I froze. I started thinking of someone taking advantage of my Samantha. I was ready to kill this person for violating my precious daughter. I was about to barge into the room and confront this pervert when I heard my daughter's voice. 

"Ever since I seduced you a couple months ago, I can't get enough of you." 

I couldn't believe my ears. I knew my daughter's voice; I knew it was her, yet I still could not believe what I just heard. My hands were shaking; I nearly dropped the folder I was holding. I quickly slipped out the shoes I was wearing, picked them up and silently made my way out of the house where I could think and get a grip on myself. 

I pulled into the parking garage across the street from the courthouse. I thought I would use the restaurant attached to the garage but I had no appetite for food at the moment. I just sat in my car, my mind going over and over the sounds I had heard coming from Samantha's bedroom. Trying to think back if I had missed any warning signs that this was all happening, there were none. For all intent and purposes, she was my bubbling happy go lucky daughter. 

A fellow attorney passing by stopped and tapped on my window startled me bringing me out of my thoughts. As I rolled down the window, he said he noticed me just sitting here and was wondering if anything was wrong. I assured him I was fine, but had my head wrapped around a case I was working on. I noticed that I had five minutes before my assigned court appearance and thanked him for his consideration before I rushed off to court. 

Getting my head back into my work, I ripped the plaintive a new asshole. Thanks to Vic's fine work, especially with the detailed pictures. My client, Mr Holding, was seeking a divorce on the grounds of adultery. With the pictures in hand his wife had no choice but to take what was offered, and a reduced settlement at that. When my client caught wind of it all, he hired our firm to represent him, our firm Mallard and Mallard. We had hired Vic to get the goods on his soon to be ex-wife. 

After the judge granted the divorce, Mr. Holding then asked if he could have a word before I left. We stepped over near the jury box for a little privacy when he asked if he could stop by the office on Monday to see if I would take on his company as a representative in all its legal matters. I was almost too stunned to answer, so I reached inside my purse and retrieved my phone to look at my appointment calendar. 

"I am free from eleven on, I have no other appointments the rest of the day," straightening my shoulders and trying to put some conviction back into my voice. 

"Fine, I'll pick you up at eleven, we'll have lunch, I'll explain the basics of my company and then we can go back to your office, meet the rest of your partners and possibly draw up a contract." 

"Fine" I said, "I'd see you at eleven then." 

When I got back to my car, I yelled a loud "YES!" Pumping my fist up and down a few times and then got into the car. I called Donna to make sure I was free for Monday except my early morning court appearance. 

The first thing I wanted to do was to properly thank Vic for the wonderful job he did on collecting the evidence we needed to win this case. Having his number on my phone, I simply sent him a text asking if he was available for dinner Saturday evening at six. I gave him the location and asked if it was not a good time to let me know. 

As I pulled into the garage at home, I heard my phone alerting me that I had received a text. 

"Due to unexpected circumstances, this weekend will not be a good weekend for me to meet, however if you would like to make it tonight I would be more than glad to meet with you. Vic" 

I texted back, "Same location, see you at six." 

I called the restaurant and made reservations for six PM, asking for a private table so we could talk. 

When I got home, Samantha was in the kitchen making a pitcher of ice tea. As I sat my purse and brief case down, she came over and gave me a hug. As her arms wrapped around my shoulders, my mind suddenly thought of someone else's arms around her naked body. Shaking off the thoughts, I gave her a kiss on the cheek, asking how her day went. 

"Oh nothing unusual, Mel and I just hung around, went to the park, nothing worth mentioning," pulling away and reaching for her glass of ice tea. 

"How was your day mom, anything exciting happening?" 

"Oh yeah, I won my case big time, and maybe landed a corporate account in the process," Smiling at the thought. 

"Don't worry about dinner," I said. "I'm meeting our investigator for dinner tonight. He had done such a good job, I wanted to personally thank him." 

"Oh, ok. So do you have any idea what time you're going to be home tonight?" She asked. 

"Probably around eight or so, why?" 

"Would it be ok if I spent the night with Mel?" Looking at me while biting her lower lip. 

"Only on one condition, you and Mel have to be here by noon so we can all go and have lunch together. Deal?" 

"Deal," she said, and then added, "I need to go and pack an overnight bag and you need to get ready for your date tonight," putting the empty glass in the sink and the ice tea back in the fridge. 

As I was stepping out of the shower, I heard, "bye mom" and the door slam shut. I finished drying and doing my hair and sat wondering what I was going to wear. I didn't want to be too plain looking, nor did I want to have that over-sexed look. 

I put on a skirt that was four inches above the knees, and a peasant blouse showing off my chest and top of my breasts, I topped it off with a gold necklace pennant and matching earrings. I put on a pair of black three-inch heels. 

I arrived at the restaurant a little early, so I took the table reserved for me and ordered a glass of wine. As I was sitting there thinking of how I was going to handle tomorrow with Samantha and Mel, I felt someone walk up to the table and looking down at me. 

"I'm sorry, may I help you?" 

"Possibly, are you waiting on Vic tonight?" 

"Yes I am, he should be here shortly,"wondering what this woman wanted and how she knew I was waiting on Vic. 

"I'm Vic, I'm glad to finally meet you," extending her hand to me. 

I slowly extended my hand and felt a firm grip on mine, which pleased me greatly. I hate mushy weak handshakes. 

As I was shaking her hand, I looked closely at her. She was tall, probably a little taller than I was. She had short black curly hair. The little curls just lapping over the ears and across the neck. She had the darkest brown eyes I think I ever saw, broad shoulders and a silk blouse buttoning down the front. Her breasts were small, probably a B cup. She had on a tan pair of slacks, not loose, but tight enough I could see that her thighs were well toned and muscular. 

Finally letting go of her hand, I asked if she would like to sit. She sat down across from me, putting her purse in her lap. 

"I'm sorry for my perplexed expression, but I was expecting a man. Vic is the only name I knew and..." blushing, "assumed you were a man." 

"If you're too uncomfortable, I can leave so that I don't cause you any embarrassment." 

"No, please stay, I am probably at a far greater disadvantage than you, but I would like to thank you for the job you did for me and my firm and now I would like to get to know you better." 

"And what disadvantage would I have over you?" raising her left eyebrow looking at me. 

As I looked into those dark orbs, they seemed dull, almost lifeless, and if I really needed another word, lonely. 

"You probably did a full search and found out everything there is to know about me before coming here tonight." 

"I could have, but after seeing your picture on the firm's web page, I decided to wait and see if you're worth getting to know." 

Just then the waitress came back over to ask if we needed anything else to drink. I told her to remove my unfinished wine and to bring us a bottle of Henschke, Hill of Grace. 

Vic just raised both eyebrows and just as she was about to speak, I raised my hand, stopping her. 

"If you find that you need to forget this entire evening, I am going to make sure that you at least remember the wine," causing us both to giggle a little. 

The waitress returned with the wine. Once she had pulled the cork, she had me sniff the cork. I nodded my head in approval. She poured a sip into a glass and handed it to me. After taking a sip, feeling it's smoothness in my mouth, I smiled and nodded again to the waitress. She poured an inch or so into both glasses, then put the wine in a decanter full of ice. 

Lifting our glasses, and unable to come up with something cute, I just said, "to us," and touched our glasses together. 

I watched her as she took a sip of her wine. Her face seemed to light up, as the flavors began to bounce around inside of her mouth. 

"This is very good, not too sweet, not too tart, but very smooth on the pallet." 

We sat in silence for a few minutes, when she looked up at me with questions in her eyes. 

"There is something I need to tell you before we go any farther," she said to me. 

"What is that?" I asked. 

"I'm gay. You being here with me might give certain people seeing us together the assumption we're together and that you are also gay. I just don't want to embarrass you needlessly." She looked down at the glass in front of her. 

"Then I assume that makes you more afraid of me, than I would of you, doesn't it." 

Again I got that little funny look of hers, as she asked, "and why is that?" 

"Because I am straight, which means I can walk away anytime and not look back. If I were to become very fond of you, there would be a very good chance I could get you into my bed, at least once. For you, no matter how fond you are of me, there might never even be a kiss, much less making love to me." 

"True, but I just might find you worth fighting for." 

This time it was me that lifted my eyebrows, as well as my glass, for a silent toast. 

We had finally ordered, I had the lamb and she had the chicken. All through dinner, we talked about ourselves. I asked if she was single or had a girlfriend. When she kind of averted the subject, I decided to drop it, feeling it was either painful or embarrassing for her. I told her how I almost screwed up my life by getting pregnant and having Samantha when I just turned sixteen. With the help from the rest of my family we raised Samantha together while I finished high school then law school. 

She told me that only her friends called her Vicky, everyone else just called her Vic. When she came out to her family being a lesbian, they kicked her out of the house and an estranged aunt raised her until she turned eighteen. 

We had decided to split a double chocolate fudge cake, and while we were waiting, I asked her when she actually knew that she was a lesbian and not just some random thoughts. She told me that when she was very young, she always was around women and rarely around boys or men. She said that by the time she was thirteen and learned the art of masturbation, she only was able to get off thinking of girls or women. She said that when she was fourteen, an older lady living down the street had seduced her and she never looked back since. She said that she and the lady were lovers until she was kicked out of the house and had to move to her aunt's home. 

When I put my hand on top of hers, trying to express my sorrow for all the pain she endured, I felt a comforting warmness while touching her hand. When I pulled my hand away, I silently tried to find explanations from feelings, but finally gave up when there were none. 

After laughing and joking, some more tales of one another's lives through our second bottle of wine, a much cheaper one, but just as good. 

When we got outside after paying the bill, she asked where I was parked. I told her that I used the valet service and they should be bringing my car around shortly. I asked where she was parked which turned out to be only a few cars from the front door. 

She laid her hand on my forearm, again making me feel the warmth and safety, she asked. "Can I see you tomorrow?" looking at me with hope in her eyes. 

Thinking of what I had to do with Samantha, there was no way I could get out of it, no matter how much I wanted to. 

"No, I'm sorry I can't see you..." Before I could finish. 

"That's ok, I do appreciate at least meeting you tonight." 

As she looked down, and started to turn, I quickly said, "but if you had someplace or something interesting to do on Sunday, I'd love to go on a date with you." 

As the words left my lips, I couldn't believe that I just suggested to Vic that we go on a date together. 

Vic almost tripped when she suddenly stopped and turned at the same time. I could see a faint crooked smile on her lips, and for the first time this evening, a hint of brightness in her eyes. 

"Of course if you had someone more interesting to be with, I would understand," I said. 

"I'll pick you up at ten Sunday morning, I won't be late," leaning towards me and giving me a kiss on my cheek before turning and leaving. 

On the drive home, all I could think about was how I felt each time I touched the cheek Vic had kissed. My thoughts were becoming clouded why I reacted so strange to a simple kiss on my cheek. 

When I walked into the empty house, my mind suddenly came back to my real world. I knew tomorrow was going to be a long and trying day, for everyone. I just hoped that I would be able to come to an understanding with Samantha. I want to keep the closeness we've always had, but became fearful I would lose her if I didn't do this right. 

Once back in my bedroom, undressed and in bed, wearing my long nightshirt and panties, I sat up in the bed, my phone in my hand. My thoughts were once more on Vic. I felt I needed to know one thing before I could get a good night's sleep, if that was even going to be a possibility. 

Turning on my phone, I found her text message and the phone number associated with it. As I pressed call, I said to myself, 'I hope you're not making a complete fool of yourself Brenda.' On the third ring I heard her voice as she answered. 

"Hello!" 

"Hi, this is Brenda," I paused trying to get the courage to ask my next question. 

"You're not calling to cancel out on Sunday are you?" She asked. 

"No... nothing like that, I called to ask a simple question. Do you...err... would you consider me a friend?" 

"Yes, of course I do, why do you ask?" 

"Because only your friends call you Vicky, and I would like to call you that if you'll allow me to." Feeling embarrassed to ask such a question; I waited while there was only silence on the phone. 

"Brenda, am I your friend?" She finally said to me. 

"Yes, and because you are my friend, I'll tell you why I couldn't see you tomorrow. It's because..." 

"You don't have to tell me Brenda." 

"But you are my friend, so please let me... I really need to do this for me. You see, I just found out my daughter is possibly a lesbian or maybe at least bisexual. I had accidentally stumbled across them making love to one another, and I want to talk to her about it, but I am afraid that she may rebel and we will not be close as we once were. I know I sound like a hysterical mother, but I'm so mixed up and for the first time in my life, I don't feel as strong as I should be." As I tried to desperately hold back my tears. 

"Brenda, for nearly four years I lived with the uncertainty of who and what I was. I think I can somewhat understand what you are going through. Just be sure no matter who or what she is, that you love her and stand behind her. She probably has those same fears, and just doesn't know how to express them for fear of losing you." 

After what seemed like a very long silent pause, she continued. 

"Would you like for me to be there when you talk to her?" 
