 My name is Melissa. I am 23, 5-2, 32b-29-30. This is my first story.

I am not that special, but a lot of people think I am, including an older lady I used to work with. Her name is Brenda. She is 40 is very petite in every shape. She started working part-time where I worked at, and she sometimes would help with things around the office.

We bonded pretty well, and I found out that her husband left her for another girl, younger and bigger tits (shame on you guys). They have two kids, 5 and 1.

Now, we didn't do anything, but I would have like to show her what a good time, because she told me once that she would like to have someone please her. So this is what I would do or describe it.

We are at her apartment, and she just put her kids to bed.

"Have you ever kissed a women before, Brenda," I said.

"Nooo," she said. "Why?"

"Well, I have, and I remember you telling me that you would like to have someone please you and make you feel good," I replied.

"Oh. I don't think that would be a good idea," she said.

"Why not?" I said. "If you don't like it, I won't say anything else about it."

"Okay," she said, hesitantly.

I lean over to her, and we both close our eyes and kiss.

"See that wasn't so bad, was it?" I said.

"No. It was nice," Brenda said.

"Now let's try this," I said, leaning over again, kissing her and entering my tongue into her mouth.

Our tongues explore each other, continuing to kiss.

We end up lying on the couch with her underneath me, kissing still. Brenda opens her legs around my body, and I slowly grind my hips into hers. I feel her hands rubbing my back as I play with her hair.

I turn sideways, looking into her eyes. I move my hand down to her small breasts, feeling one of them. It is so nice and soft. I wait to see if she will make me stop, but she doesn't.

I unbutton her blue blouse, opening it up and seeing a matching-blue silk bra. The one I have seen before while at work. I rub her tanned stomach, feeling her pierced belly button. I pull up her bra, and her tits flip out. Her nipples are hard. I feel them, playing with them. She moans.

I lower myself down and take her tit in my mouth. Ohh, how I missed sucking on another woman's breast.

Brenda moans again, and I feel her hair running through my hair as I suck on one nipple and then the other.

I move back up and kiss Brenda again. I then lower my hand down to her skirt, lifting it up and rub the outside of her panties on her pussy.

I kiss down her body, getting to her pussy. I see she has on the matching blue silk panties on. Just as I thought and hoped for.

I move her panties to one side, seeing her pussy for the first time. Mmmm, it looks so good. I lower myself and lick Brenda's pussy for the first time.

"ohhhhh," She says while quivering.

I continue to lick her wet pussy. Oh, it tastes so good. It has been so long since I have tasted a pussy.

I take off her panties, putting one leg hanging off the couch and the other on the couch.

I pull down my wet panties so I can play with myself, then I lick Brenda's pussy against and insert a finger into her pussy.

"ohhhhhhh," she said.

I pump one finger inside her as I do the same to myself.

I then put two fingers inside each of us. Brenda starts to buck her hips on my fingers, fucking them. I continue to lick her pussy and clit.

"I think I am going to cummmm," she said, going into a frenzy. "Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!"

After she calms down, I move up and kiss her.

"That was amazing," Brenda says.

"I am glad you liked it," I said. "This was your special fantasy, and I wanted to please you and make you happy."

"Well, you did a great job at it," she says.

"Cool. That is one fantasy down and one to go," I said with a smirk.

We both laugh and snuggle with each other.