 My name is Sharon, I'm 22-years-old and this true story is about the first lesbian experience of my life. This is something I had never planned to do or thought of before but I'm glad that it happened. It has opened my sexual awareness to things that I can enjoy and not be afraid to ask for.

I all started 8 months ago when my best friend Suzie asked me to be her bridesmaid. She was going to marry her sweetheart from school Peter. They were made for each other, I was a bit jealous of them. I was still single with no hope in the immediate future of any relationship, due to my career as a Junior Stockbroker working 60+ hours a week. But that's the price you have to pay to get ahead in this world.

It was 3 weeks before the wedding and we were due to have our bridesmaid's dress fitting on Tuesday evening. Nicole and June arrived on time but me as usual was running late, very late. By the time I had arrived at the shop Nicky & June had already left. It was 6.30pm and the manager Linda was just locking up to leave when I ran up to her and said, " Hi I'm Sharon am I to late for my fitting". She looked me up and down and said " well I was going home to a empty house but seeing you're here I'll fit you up now". I thanked her very much and she let me in and locked the door behind us. 

It was a beautiful shop full of all these wonderful wedding gowns and brides maid dresses. Linda told me that Suzie had given her strict instructions about what she wanted us to wear. We went to the back of the shop wear, there was a large open area surrounded by mirrors, you could see yourself from every angle. Linda went out the back and returned with this stunning dress (what there was of it). It was a dark blue silk strapless number, very short with a matching jacket and heels. " Suzie said you were about a size 8 but she didn't tell me you were that well endowed " Linda said. "Let's get stuck into it we could be here for a while".

I removed my skirt and blouse leaving on my bra and panties "you'll have to lose the bra dear, " she said. I was a little embarrassed flashing my breasts in front of a strange woman but thought that she's probably seen hundreds in her line of work, so off it came. " You have a lovely pair there dear what size 36D are they" - " No 38d Mrs" - " Miss Kennedy honey but you can call me Linda". Linda passed me the dress and I started to slip it on but I couldn't pull it up over my breasts. "Just as I thought I'll have to increase the bust size, " Linda said. She handed me a robe as she went out back. I looked around the shop at all the lovely dresses and things while Linda worked on the mine. 

20 minutes had passed and I was feeling the need to go to the bathroom when, Linda came back and gave me the dress try it on again. I slipped it on and this time I was able to pull it all the way up. Linda stepped behind me looking at me in the mirror." We need to adjust your breasts so the fit properly". As soon as she said this she slid her hands around to my breast and started to squeeze them into the dress. I jumped a little, as I have never had a woman touch me on the breasts before but her soft hands sent shivers down my spine. Linda was pulling my breast up and out of the dress then holding the dress out as she tried to fit them back into the cups. As she was doing this her fingers were brushing against my nipples causing them to become erect. I was embarrassed and excited all at the same time. But she didn't seem to notice or so I thought.

"There that looks better" she said. Looking in the mirror I was completely stunned. Sex was dripping off this dress it fitted me like a glove. It hugged my hips perfectly showing lots of leg and I had the best looking cleavage. My nipples were clearly visible straining against the material but it made me fell even sexier. While I was admiring my self in the mirror I felt Linda rubbing her hand over my bum. "This won't do," she said "what won't do?" I asked. As she turned me around to face her "this" she said as she reached around my waist and started to rub my bum with both hands. 

Here I was standing there in this silk dress with this woman holding me close to her rubbing my ass. I was already a little excited from her handling my breasts, but with her now rubbing my bum I could feel my pussy becoming wet. " You can see the outline of your panties dear and that won't do, not in one of my dresses" Linda said as she was looking at my bum in the mirror then stepped away. I really had not noticed her before but Linda is quite an attractive woman for someone in her mid thirty's. A size 10 dark hair about 5.6" nice breasts with large nipples and a nice tight butt. She was wearing a tight thin stretch top and a very short tweed skirt. I'd like to look that good when I get to her age.

Linda walked over to a shelf were the underwear was on display and grabbed a hand full of assorted panties and came back over to me "Let's see if we can find one of these to do the job - pull up your dress and take yours off " Linda said. I was unsure about what she just asked as I struggled to lift up the dress "here let me help you" she said as she slid her hands along my thighs pulling up her silk creation, and sliding down my now wet panties. I hoped she wouldn't notice my aroused state as my shaved pussy came into view. "Let's try this one first," Linda said as she started to slide a G-string up my legs. She stood behind me again as she was pulling them up looking in the mirror. As she pulled the sides over my hips she slid her hand over my crouch smoothing out the wrinkles.

My body tensed as I pushed my bum back into her "Sorry dear am I getting you excited" - " No Linda I just need to go to the bathroom" I said. I wasn't lying but I didn't want her to know what she was doing to me either. "Can you hold on it won't be long now" - "Yes no problems" I said. Linda pulled the back of the G into my bum crack and made sure it was in place, then pulled down the dress and turned me around to face her again. She rubbed her hands over my bum again to smooth out the wrinkles. "These are no good - we will have to try another pair". 

As she pulled down the G-string I noticed a small wet patch in the crouch. I hope she didn't see it as she grabbed another pair and we went through the process again. My nipples were still visible how I wanted to squeeze them but I knew I had to restrain myself. My bladder was now suffering with the tight dress pressing down on it as Linda again smoothed out the wrinkles on my bum. These ones were no good either, so Linda grabbed a V string.

I may as well go naked, as there was nothing to these panties except a very thin see through material covering the front, and a thin string running up the rear. As Linda pulled up the dress again it felt like my bladder was going to explode but I ignored it as I was enjoying Linda's touch more. She slid the V up my legs and fitted it into my crack first this time. Then she turned me around and started to smooth out the front. She spent a long time slowly rubbing them out. As her hand brushed across my clit a low moan escaped my mouth I couldn't believe how this woman was making me feel. She continued to slowly move her hand over my wet pussy. " I think these will do the job nice don't you think" - " I think they already have Linda," I moaned as she pushed the thin material into my dripping pussy. I spread my legs so Linda had better access. "Oh god your so wet Sharon". Linda pulled her hand from my pussy and brought it up and pushed her fingers into my mouth. I love the taste of my own juices and licked her fingers clean.

Linda walked around in front of me and started to help lick the juices from her fingers and my lips slipping her tongue into my mouth at the same time, she pushed me back onto a large sofa chair. Spreading my legs Linda again started to rub my pussy through the thin material. I was now moaning into her mouth " You taste so good Sharon I want to make you cum with my mouth" Linda moaned to me. "Ohhhh yeeees Linda pleeeease make me cum in your mouth pleeease". She got on her hands and knees and pushed my legs as far apart as they would go, pulled aside the V string and started to lick and suck my steaming pussy. I was going crazy I had never had anything like this happen before but it was fantastic I didn't want it to end. Linda knew exactly were to lick me, she started to suck my clit into her mouth. I'm sure she had done this before.

With the dress still pushed up around my stomach I looked into the mirror. All I could see was Linda on all fours between my legs as I pulled out my tits and started to pull hard on one of my sensitive nipples, while the other I slipped into my hungry mouth. I also noticed that she had no panties on and had spread her legs as her skirt was now around her hips. She was sliding her fingers up and down her juiced up slit and every now and then running her fingers around her tight ass. I was now looking at the whole picture in the mirror. My hands and mouth caressing & sucking my tits, my legs spread wide, a beautiful woman between them eating me out with her finger fucking herself. It was all too much as my orgasm descended on me and I screamed out to Linda. " I'M CUMMMING LINDA I"MMM CUUUUMMMING" and I exploded into the most intense orgasm of my short 22 year life.

I have never cum so much before; Linda was sucking & licking up all of it. My body was almost numb as my orgasm raked through me. It was so strong that all my muscles tensed in my body and I started to piss, right into Linda's mouth. I couldn't stop it, and I didn't want to, the feeling was sooo good I just didn't care, I wanted this feeling to last forever. To my amazement Linda just kept on sucking all she could get. This was the kinkiest sexual act I'd ever done and I loved it. When I returned to the land of the living, I stood up and pulled Linda to me and kissed her hard tasting my own piss on her lips, and then I pushed her down on the chair. I stepped out of the bride's maid dress so it wouldn't get destroyed and turned to Linda, sitting on the chair teasing her clit and said. "I'm going to make you cum so hard you piss loving bitch that you're going to pass out ". "Then get down here and make me cum and you might get to taste mine if your lucky". That was all I needed to hear and I tasted Linda's cum & piss for the first time that day, I never knew another woman could be that good. 

Linda told me afterwards that when she saw me standing there with just my panties on she became very aroused. She said that all the customers usually use the fitting rooms to change but, because I was the only person here she thought she would have some fun with me. She also said when she went out the back to adjust my dress, she took off her panties and fingered herself to orgasm with the vision of my half naked body in her head. And when it came to finding the right panties for me she just couldn't help but rub my pussy and ass hoping it would end like it did. The pissing bit I told her was an accident to start with but the feeling I had was indescribable, but we both agreed we were glad it happened. 

The wedding was a wonderful day Suzie looked stunning and she loved the bridesmaid dresses. I told her I would have to return mine to the shop, as it still didn't quite fit properly around my bust. She said that she didn't think Linda would have a problem fixing it for me. "Maybe she can fix a few other things for me too" I said. Little did Suzie know that Linda has been fixing me up ever since that day in more ways than one? This relationship with her is great, no pressure just unbelievable wet pissy girl sex when we both want it and need it.