 Ch. 01: Watching in the Night

"Come on in," Bridget opened the door. She stepped back letting Tami and Shelly carry their bags into the entry. Tami propped open the screen door, Shelly went in first, Tami followed, letting screen door swinging shut behind her. Tami and Shelly set their bags off to the side of the entry. Bridget closed and locked the main door. "It's still pretty hot out there, huh?"

"It's still over 90, and humid," Shelly said. She kicked off her shoes by the door, pushing them with her feet next to her duffel bag. "At least it's nice and cool in here. It feels good. This heat wave is supposed to last almost all week."

"I know, and it supposed to be just as hot up at the lake," Bridget slid between the two girls motioning for them to follow her. "Even though it's late, do you guys want a something to drink? Just follow me to the kitchen."

Bridget led Tami and Shelly down the entry, past the living room, turning left into the breakfast nook and into the kitchen. Bridget went behind the counter while Tami and Shelly slipped onto the stools at the counter. Bridget opened the refrigerator, "What would you guys like to drink? I have soda, lemonade, water, or wine coolers."

"Wine coolers," Tami and Shelly answered in unison. Bridget shot a look at the two, breaking them up into giggling. Bridget fished three wine coolers from the refrigerator. She handed set two on the counter before popping the top on her bottle. "Do you guys want glasses or do you want to drink from the bottle?"

"We'll just drink from the bottle. We're barbarians." Tami took a long sip from her wine cooler. Bridget leaned back against the side counter. Tami and Shelly were sipping their drinks. Bridget had asked Tami and Shelly to help her move some old furniture up to their lake cabin. She had planned to wait until next weekend when Ross and the boys were back from their fishing trip to grandpa's, but decided to ask if Tami and Shelly wanted to spend a girls weekend at the cabin. Of course, they jumped at the chance to get out of the city. But Bridget knew there was more to her offer than needing help moving old furniture. She was attracted to Tami and Shelly. 

Bridget noticed it a few weeks back, when the two girls came back to help her during a Friday rush in the pharmacy. When the rush was under control, they had started talking, small talk, like normal. But soon it turned to girl talk. Bridget, and her pharmacy tech, Jill, teased the two on how many boyfriends they had. The two were had a reputation for being players. It seemed like they had a different boyfriend every other week. But on that night, neither one admitted to having a man. Instead they teased they only needed each other. Bridget laughed and shrugged it off. Jill, however, continued to tease the two, questioning them on the exact nature of their relationship. Tami and Shelly, giggled and teased back. Bridget tried to remain oblivious to the sexual nature the teasing was taking. But, inside, she was intensely curious. The more sexual Jill's teasing became, the more Bridget felt flushed, but she stayed off to the side, remaining aloof. Finally, much to Bridget's dismayed relief, Tami and Shelly were called back out to the sales floor by the assistant manager.

But the seed was planted. Bridget found herself remembering the night in college when Jenny kissed her. They were out drinking with a bunch of fellow pharmacy students. Bridget drank more than she should, and Jenny gave her a ride back to her dorm room. Bridget needed Jenny to help her stagger across the parking lot, up the stairs, and help her find her keys. Once inside her room, Jenny started helping Bridget undress for bed. But Bridget didn't feel like lying down. It made the room spin. But through the spinning, she found that Jenny was very close to her. Gently helping her take off her clothes. She was already down to her panties, t-shirt, and bra, when she finally stopped Jenny. Jenny sat next to her on her bed, holding her hand, asking if she was all right. Bridget looked into Jenny's blue eyes, and at that moment, felt herself wanting her. Jenny, sensing what Bridget wanted, she leaned in and gently kissed her. Bridget kissed back, tentatively at first, but then with increased hunger.

That's when they heard the sound of keys in the door. Jenny stopped kissing Bridget. They both turned to look at the door. The keys crinkled to the floor, followed by some swearing from a delicate voice that didn't sound capable of swearing. Jenny turned to Bridget and kissed her softly one last time. The message was unspoken, not this time, but perhaps, someday. Outside Bridget's roommate finally managed to get the door open, she staggered in and shrieked in surprise at finding Bridget and Jenny sitting on the bed. Bridget rolled back into her bed, vaguely aware that Jenny was informing her roommate that she had a little too many shots at the bar. The bed spun wildly, but Bridget closed her eyes and it all went away.

The next morning Bridget wondered if it had happened at all. Did she really kiss Jenny? She found herself at first sickened by the thought. Women do not kiss women. But, at the same time, she was curious. It had felt so good. She kept looking for Jenny the next few days, but also dreading she would see her. Eventually, the feeling started to fade. When she finally did hook up with Jenny, nothing was said. She decided Jenny must have felt she was too drunk to remember. But she remembered it all. Jenny found a new boyfriend, and Bridget never got the chance to follow this intriguing path. But the questions remained. Over the years, her wonder about other women was buried. Buried by a husband, two boys, and a career. Buried by time. Buried by other experiences. But it was still there, under all those layers, dormant. Ready to be awakened.

After the night of teasing, she watched Tami and Shelly with a new curiosity. Shelly was the naturally beautiful, shoulder length dark brown hair, perfect complexion on her tan face that brought out her piercing blue eyes. Shelly was the tallest of the three women, an athlete, she was a long distance runner, with the long legs needed for that sport. Bridget wondered how she managed to run with her large breasts. Tami was the cute one, she knew how to use her cuteness for full effect. Tilting her head down and looking up at you with those big brown eyes. She was the tiniest to the three women, just a few inches over five feet. Her petite frame made her breasts look larger than they really were. 

Bridget noticed the sexual teasing between the two that she never seen before. Little looks, small gestures, not so innocent touches. But mostly she began to pay attention to the stories. They were the best of friends, dated a lot of different men, but on regular occasions went out together, as a couple, on what could be best described as a date. Bridget found herself talking to them more, even some subtle flirting. Tami and Shelly seemed to respond. A few times they went out for drinks after work. But Bridget always had to leave early to tend to her family, while Tami and Shelly were able to spend a girls night out. Bridget found herself wondering about what would happened if they could just be together for a while.

Then Ross and her bought some new furniture for their house. They decided to haul the old furniture in the basement up to the lake cabin. So a few weekends ago, they sold the furniture they had up at the cabin to a neighbor across the lake. Now they just had to haul the other set up. But Ross and the boys had their annual fishing trip planned with grandpa back in North Dakota. Ross promised Bridget they would haul it up the next weekend. 

That's when the idea hit Bridget. She could enlist Tami and Shelly to help her haul up the furniture with the promise of a girls weekend at her lake cabin. Of course, the two jumped at the chance for a weekend on the lake. Bridget had arranged with the store manager to get Friday off for all three of them. That way they could drive up early Friday morning and have a three-day weekend at the cabin. Ross and the boys brought down the old pickup they kept at the lake the weekend before, leaving the second car up at the lake. It was an older truck with a full box, perfect for hauling the furniture. The boys had loaded up the truck a few nights ago. Ross even backed it into the garage for Bridget, knowing how she hated trying to back up a loaded truck. Everything was set. The only problem was the truck's air conditioning had broken down last summer, and Ross was derelict on getting it fixed. So now with temperatures forecasted for the 90's, the drive up was going to be hot and sweaty.

"So, Bridget, what time do you want to be going in the morning?" Tami asked. She had already polished off more than half of her wine cooler. Bridget had barely touched hers, so she took a big drink to catch up to the girls. She already had a wine cooler before the girls came over. Now, having a second was making her feel a little light-headed. But she felt more relaxed, not as nervous as she was earlier in the evening. She had played out endless scenarios about what was going to happen this weekend.

"Well, as hot as it is, and with the truck having no air conditioner, I think we should leave early, by 7:00 at the latest," Bridget answered. "It takes about 3 hours to get to the cabin, and that way we can have the sun at our back, with cooler morning air."

"That means we will probably have to get up at 6:00 or so," Shelly said. Tami nodded in agreement. Both girls looked at their watches. They both worked the night shift, it was already past 10:30. "I just need to take a quick shower before bed. I'm just going to throw on some cut-offs and a tank top in the morning."

"Me too," Tami agreed. "I might wear my bathing suit top underneath, in case it gets really hot, I can take off the tank top."

"I might do that too," Bridget said. Actually, she had planned on wearing her khaki shorts and a matching t-shirt. She didn't know if she dared to wear her bathing suit top on the ride up. Bridget usually wore a conservative one-piece bathing suit, even at the lake cabin. But she did have a skimpier two-piece that Ross had bought her a few years back. She wore it a few times just for him, but she was a little embarrassed by showing so much skin. Even so, she had it ready for the trip.

"You should," Tami said. "It's a lot easier to cool off. Besides, we bought one of those water bottles that you can pump up with air. Then you spray a mist on yourself with to cool off. If you aren't wearing your bathing suit top, it makes it a little harder to spray all over."

"Well, in that case, why don't I just drive up naked," Bridget teased. The wine was making her feel bold. "That way I can get misted all over."

"Hey, that's an idea, we'll drive up naked," Shelly laughed. She finished off the last of her wine cooler. "Nothing like a pickup truck full of wet, hot naked women."

Bridget laughed as she felt herself blushing. "That's not what I meant, jeez, you are so mean. I'm not going to drive up naked." Bridget collected the empty bottles from the girls. She rinsed them in the sink before tossing them in the glass-recycling bin under the cabinet.

"Yeah, I supposed so, it will be hot enough without all of us sitting there naked," Shelly laughed. She stood up and stretched. Her shirt lifted up baring her belly button. Bridget sipped her wine cooler, and glanced at Shelly's firm belly. "Besides, we'll get naked when we get there, you said we could skinny dip at the lake."

"Yeah, it's nice and secluded," Bridget said. He rinsed out the sink, needing a diversion from the talk about being naked. "So you guys can skinny dip all you want."

"Aren't you going to skinny dip too?" Tami asked.

"Yeah, right, like you guys want to see my old naked body out there," Bridget laughed. She had promised them they would be able to get in some skinny-dipping, and nude sunbathing. They brought it up all the time at work, and now again tonight. She had often thought of sunbathing nude at the lake, but Ross and the boys were always around, it wouldn't look to good to see mom lying out on the deck naked. Now, she was feeling a little bit bashful. She turned and walked over to the counter, standing behind a potted plant, using it as cover.

"Hey, Bridget, I think you have a pretty good body," Shelly answered. She glanced at Bridget's body, causing Bridget to fold her arms nervously. "I mean you look pretty tight, and you told us you work out regularly."

"Well, I've had two kids," Bridget was getting flushed by the attention on her body. She set her wine cooler in the sink, turning her back towards the girls. "That kind of wreaks havoc on your body, you guys will find that out someday."

"Yeah, I suppose we will," Tami stood up. "But afterwards if I could have a body like yours, I'd take it. In fact, we might just take it right now." Tami smirked at Shelly.

"Oh God, enough talk about my body," Bridget blushed. She was feeling warm all over. Having Tami and Shelly looking over her body was embarrassing her, but she also liked it. "We should really be getting some sleep, 6:00 is going to come awfully early."

"Yeah, I suppose so," Tami said. "But first, I really need to take a shower,"

"OK, follow me," Bridget came around from behind the counter. Although she was wearing her khaki shorts and a modest t-shirt, she felt a little undressed compare to the girls still in their work clothes. Bridget led the way out of the dining room. Shelly and Tami followed behind her as she led them back to the entry. She paused at the base of the stairs while the girls picked up their bags. Bridget led them up a staircase to the second floor. "The spare bedroom is here on the left. Just set your bags on the dresser. If you want, you can set the clock radio, or I can wake you. I'll just check in on you in the morning. The bathroom is down the hall on the right. I put out fresh towels on the towel rack, so feel free to use them. There is fresh soap in the shower, and I put my shampoo in there instead of the boys. My room is at the end of the hall, just past the bathroom, if you need anything, don't be afraid to ask."

"Nope, we're just going to take a couple of quick showers, and get ready for bed," Tami pulled her toiletries bag from her main bag. Tami followed Bridget down the hall, Tami turned off into the bathroom, Bridget continued down the hall to her bedroom.

"Good night," Tami said.

"Good night," Bridget answered. "See you guys bright and early in the morning."

Bridget shut the door softly behind her. She leaned against the door, wondering if she should maybe have left it open, leaving her open for the night. But it was too late, if she opened it now, they would notice it more. If she left it shut, maybe they would think she was shutting them out. She could go crazy thinking of such stupid things. All she had to do was brush her teeth and she was ready for bed. Bridget tiptoed across her bedroom to the master bathroom. She chastised herself for trying to be quiet, why should she, it was her house.

In the other bathroom, Tami had already stripped down to her bra and panties, and was taking a pee when Shelly came in. Shelly quickly slipped out of her work clothes, adding them to the dirty clothes bag. Shelly pulled out her toothbrush as Tami started up the shower.

"So, some BF's tonight?" Tami said softly. BF's were the nickname they gave to the incidences where they caught Bridget flirting with them. They started picking up these little flirts a few weeks ago. At first they thought they were imagining it. After all, she was a married woman with two little boys. But one night, they started talking about all the little things Bridget said or did, and it was obvious, she was flirting.

But just how far was she willing to go? Was she just flirting, or was she interested in more. They decided to start watching for BF's. Whenever they saw one, they would give each other a slight nod. Soon, it seemed Bridget was flirting with them all the time. Not only just flirting, but actually starting the flirts. So Tami and Shelly just led her on. They were going to go slow, try to see where she was trying to go with these little BF's. Every time they made the flirts more sexual, Bridget responded. Then came the invitation to the cabin. 

That changed everything. Bridget made it clear it was going to be a girl's weekend at the cabin. It was a secluded cabin. Her husband and kids would be away in North Dakota. They would have complete privacy. She even mentioned sunbathing in the nude. Shelly and Tami discussed if they should go. Both Tami and Shelly readily admitted they were attracted to Bridget. She was in her mid-thirties, but looked younger. She was a petite woman, about 5'2", athletic build. She did aerobics five times a week, watched what she ate, and generally took good care of herself. She had pale blue eyes, medium brown hair, cut in a professional woman's bob, yet, was sexy. She always dressed well, usually in knee length conservative dresses, but even so, both Tami and Shelly agreed she had a great set of legs. So the decided they would go with her up to the cabin. Let the weekend play out. Even if nothing developed, they would have a relaxing weekend away from the city. As Shelly often said, nothing ventured, nothing gained. 

"Just the comment about driving up naked," Shelly responded. "Plus she was sure nervous when we teased her about her body."

"A little nervous! She was a wreck," Tami finished peeing. She stood up and peeled off her bra and panties. "Maybe once we get up to the cabin she'll be able to relax a little."

"Or we can relax her," Shelly smiled a foamy toothpaste smile. Tami laughed. Her breasts jiggled to Shelly's amusement. She slid open the shower-door, checked the water temperature, and stepped in. Shelly spit out her toothpaste, rinsed her mouth, then took her turn to pee. Tami's shower was quick, neither her nor Shelly used very much makeup, Tami used little makeup. She just needed a quick wash with soap, a little shampoo on her shorter hair, and she was done. "Leave the water on," Shelly cracked the shower door open. "That way I don't have to adjust it. I'll put a towel on the floor, you can just step out, and I'll step in."

"OK," Tami answered. She turned the shower to keep water from splashing out. Tami opened the door, and quickly stepped out onto the towel. Shelly handed her a towel. Shelly checked the water before stepping in. Tami dried herself and hung the towel on the towel bar. Tami folded a towel on the edge of the shower stall for Shelly. She dug out her toothbrush and brushed her teeth. Shelly was just finishing up in the shower. "Did you bring our clothes down here?"

"No, I didn't," Shelly reached out, picking up the towels from the floor. She toweled herself off in the shower. "I didn't even think of that. I never bring my clothes with me at the apartment. I guess I'm used to just being able to walk around naked." 

"I guess I'll have to wear my towel," Tami reached for her towel. "I don't know how Bridget would react to us walking around her house naked."

"Wait," Shelly said. She stepped out of the shower. "She did mention skinny dipping, sunbathing in the nude, and tonight, driving up in the nude. So how bad would be if we just walked down the hall in the buff. I mean, she's going to see us naked, sooner or later, why not sooner? Besides, she's in her bedroom. She won't see us. It's just a short walk down the hall." Tami mulled over Shelly's comment. "Come on, if we are going to take some chances this weekend, we need to start somewhere, even if it is just a little thing like walking down the hall naked."

"OK," Tami nodded. She packed up her toiletries. Shelly hung up her towel and the towel off the floor. She grabbed her toiletries bag and dirty clothes bag. Tami waited by the bathroom door. Shelly smiled "Ready?" Tami giggled. She felt devious.
