 Tami stirred. The morning glow crawled into the bedroom. Lifting her head, she read the time on the clock radio. She had twenty more minutes to snooze. Rolling over, Tami closed her eyes. She wanted to sleep, but she wouldn't. She always hated the restless tiredness that came from sleeping in a strange place. She sighed, knowing that she would just lay here for those precious twenty minutes. Rubbing her eyes, she looked at Shelly's naked back. Shelly was laying face down. Her covers pulled down to her waist. Tami wished she was more like Shelly. She had the capability to get a good night's sleep, no matter where she was. Perhaps it was the orgasm I gave her last night, Tami mused.

Tami ran her hand softly on Shelly's back. She loved the feel of Shelly's skin. Smooth and warm. She knew every inch of Shelly's body like her own. Tami smiled at the thought of the hours she spent exploring Shelly's body. She slid her hand under the covers. Shelly had the perfect ass. Perfect to the touch, perfect to look at. Her fingers softly followed the curves. Tami leaned over and kissed Shelly between her shoulder blades. Shelly didn't stir. Tami envied her sleeping talent again. It would be foolish for her to try to doze off. She rolled over and slid out of bed. Cool air wrapped around her. Tami shivered nakedly. Rubbing her arms, she walked over to look out the window. The early morning haze failed to mask the heat. Today was going to be a hot one. Perhaps in more ways than one, Tami smirked.

Tami squatted down by her overnight bag. Zipping open the flap, she pulled out the clothes she tucked away for today. Standing up, she grabbed her toiletry bag. Tami slipped quietly out into the hall. Her foot just missed the crumpled panties on the floor. She could see pale sunlight under Bridget's door. Turning into the bathroom, she set her items on the counter, she quietly closed the door behind her. Sitting down on the toilet, she reached down and felt her thighs. She decided she would take a quick shower.

"Turn it off," Shelly pulled a pillow over her head. "Come on, turn it off." Shelly hid under her pillow. The radio played on. Shelly flung the pillow aside. Tami's side of the bed was empty. Shelly crawled across the bed and hit the snooze alarm. A few minutes later, the radio blared again, jolting Shelly from her second slumber. Propping herself up on her elbows, Shelly blinked, focusing her eyes. She found the off switch on the radio. She wanted to roll over and go right back to sleep, but she had already dallied for five minutes, they wanted to be on the road at 7:00. Groaning, Shelly swung her legs over the side of the bed, hanging her head in her hands, she took a deep breath, forcing the sleep from her.

"Good morning," Tami walked back into the bedroom. She was already dressed, ready to go. She squatted down to put away her toiletry bag. Shelly groaned and stood up. Tami walked to her side of the bed and began to straighten the covers. Shelly lurched over to her toiletry bag. Tami darted over to Shelly's side of the bed, and efficiently finished the job.

"Is Bridget up yet?" Shelly asked as she gathered up her items. She ran her fingers through her tussled brown hair.

"Not yet," Tami set her bag on the bed. Shelly grunted. Grabbing her stuff, she headed for the bathroom.

"Hey, Tami, you dropped these," Shelly was standing in the door, holding a pair of panties.

"Those aren't mine," Tami said. Shelly looked at the panties

"Well, they aren't mine," Shelly turned them over in her hand. "I found them out here in the hall."

"In the hall?" Tami asked. "Where in the hall?" Tami walked to the door. Shelly stepped back and pointed to the floor. Tami stood over the spot. She looked back into their room, then glanced down the hall at Bridget's door. Tami smiled and took the panties from Shelly. "I know whose panties these are."

"Whose?" Shelly asked. Tami pulled her next to her.

"Look into our room," Tami pointed. Shelly looked in. "Notice how you only see the bottom half of the bed." Tami whispered. Shelly nodded. "What happened there last night?" Shelly's eyes widened. "Yup," Tami pulled Shelly into the bedroom. "She was watching us."

"No way," Shelly started to giggle. She glanced out into the hallway. "She watched us?"

"I'll bet she did," Tami answered. She held up the panties, noticing for the first time that they were moist. "They're wet!" Tami held up the panties for Shelly to confirm her discovery. Shelly rubbed the crotch of the panties between her fingers. They were moist. "She was in the hall watching us, got all hot and bothered, and got her panties wet."

"Why did she leave her panties in the hall?" Shelly asked. "Did she want us to find them?"

"I don't know, but that doesn't seem like Bridget," Tami paused. She mulled over the idea of Bridget, in the hall, watching them. "She was wearing a long shirt last night, and probably these panties. So she's in the hall, watching us. Gets all hot and bothered, and takes off her panties . . ."

"So she can masturbate," Shelly finished Tami's thought. The two girls dissolved into stifled giggles. "Oh my God!" Shelly finally stammered. "Bridget was masturbating in the hall."

"Too bad she just didn't come in and join us," Tami said. "But then we would never have gotten any sleep."

"We need to make sure these are hers," Shelly nodded. "But we don't want her to know we know she watched us, right?"

"Yeah, we shouldn't embarrass her, yet," Tami giggled. She stuffed the panties in her pockets. "This is what I'll do, I'll be by the bathroom door, so when Bridget comes out of her bedroom, I'll drop these on the floor, and tell her she dropped her panties. Then we'll see if she takes them." Shelly nodded and headed down the bathroom. Tami followed.

The sound of running water woke Bridget up a few minutes before her alarm went off. Stretching in her bed, Bridget like the feel of the soft sheets on her naked body. She ran her hands over her breasts, down her stomach, through her pubic hair, down the to her thighs. Smiling, she reflected on the previous night. Her fingers running between her pussy lips. The alarm sounded, interrupting her reverie, sitting up on the edge of the bed, Bridget stopped the intrusion. She was already wide-awake, even though she didn't have her usual eight hours of sleep. Her whole body seemed to tingle, as if being lightly pricked by hundreds of pins. This could be an interesting day, Bridget smiled to herself.

It took Bridget about ten minutes to clean up. She usually came out the bathroom wearing her robe, but today found herself wandering into her bedroom naked. Bridget decided to quickly make her bed. She chuckled at herself, the naked housewife. But she liked being nude. It was exhilarating, liberating, and sensual. Bridget ran her hands over her breasts as she walked around to the other side of the bed. She kicked her nightshirt out of the way, and finished the bed. She could hear Tami and Shelly talking outside the door. Walking over to the door, she put both hands up on the door. If they only knew she was a few feet away, completely naked. Bridget chuckled.

Walking over to her dresser, she picked up the clothes she laid out the night before. Her khaki shorts and matching shirt. Bridget set them aside. She zipped open her bag, digging down the side until she found the bikini Ross had given her. She smirked as she put on the bikini. Stepping over to the floor mirror, Bridget's heart raced in her chest. She turned and examined herself from every conceivable angle. Those workouts really did payoff, Bridget chuckled. She adjusted the crotch, making sure everything was covered. I'm glad I waxed, Bridget giggled. The top of the bottom came up just a half an inch above her pubic hair. Bridget slapped her belly. Turning, she adjusted the bottom to make sure it covered her butt cheeks, as best she could.

Bridget shifted her attention to the bikini top. She poked and prodded her breasts into the top. But no matter what she did, she was going to be showing a lot of cleavage. I feel busty, Bridget laughed again. She felt like a high school girl getting ready for a first date. Finally satisfied her breasts were arranged right, Bridget pulled out a pair of cut-offs from her bag. She was saving these for the lake, like her bikini, but decided to wear them on the way up. She slipped them on over her bikini bottom. The cut-off fit her snugly, she had worn the jeans while she was in college, converted them to cut-offs in her senior year, wore them a few times after college, but could never seem to bring herself to throw them away. They were her sexy cut-offs, the ones she used to wear to get guy's attention, then her husband's. She checked the back. Her butt cheeks would just be peeking out of the frayed bottom of the cut-offs.

I'm feeling so sexy, Bridget thought. She slipped a navy tank top over her head. The tank top was a little loose on her. Her belly button peaked out when she moved. She moved around, checking her cleavage. Bridget glanced at the clock. It was 6:30. Time to get going. Taking a final look at herself in the mirror, Bridget smiled, she looked hot. Grabbing up her bag, she headed for the door, stopping to scoop up her nightshirt on the way.

Bridget opened her bedroom door. Tami was leaning against the bathroom doorway. Tami turned towards Bridget. "Good morning," Bridget smiled. "Did you sleep well?" Tami stepped back, allowing Bridget access to the bathroom. Shelly smiled as she put away the last of her toiletries. Bridget tossed her nightshirt into the hamper.

"Well," Tami smiled. "I slept OK, once I got to sleep." She glanced at Shelly, then pointed with her eyes at Bridget tossing her clothes in the hamper. Shelly picked up the signal.

"So how did you sleep?" Shelly asked. Bridget turned towards Shelly, Tami pulled the panties she had stashed in her cut-offs, and dropped them just outside Bridget's bedroom door. Stepping back, she leaned against the bathroom door again.

"I slept well," Bridget smiled. She adjusted the bag on her shoulder. "Are you guys almost ready to go?"

"Yeah, I just have to pack this," Shelly lifted her toiletries bag. "Then I'm ready."

Tami nodded at Shelly, "Oh Bridget, you dropped something."

"I did?" Bridget stepped back out in the hall. Looking down, Bridget spotted her panties lying crumpled on the floor. Her face flushing, Bridget scooped up her panties. Shaking her head, she tossed the panties in the hamper with the rest of her clothes. "I swear, I'm always dropping my something."

"Really," Shelly laughed. "We'll have to keep that in mind." She smirked past Tami. The panties were indeed Bridget's. The women headed down the hall, Tami and Bridget waited in the hall while Shelly finished her packing, slipped on her sandals, and grabbed her bag. "Let's go."

The three women headed downstairs, Bridget leading the way to the side door to the garage. She stopped to slip on a pair of tennis shoes. Opening the door, Bridget reached up and pressed the switch to open the garage door. Even in the garage, the muggy heat wrapped around the women. Bridget locked the door behind them. Tami and Shelly were standing by the passenger side of the pickup.

"Where do you want us to put the bags?" Tami asked.

"Just toss them in the back, I had them leave a spot right behind the cab," Bridget walked around to the driver's side. She reached over, setting her bag in the box. Shelly set her bag in, then took Tami's bag, setting it in as well. "Plus, this way, if we do need something from our bag, we can get to them by reaching through he rear window. It's better than having them behind the seat."

"That's a good idea," Shelly opened the passenger door. Tami climbed up into the cab, being the smallest, she was the natural choice to sit in the middle. Shelly got in behind her. Bridget settled in the driver's seat. The pickup started easily. Slowly Bridget pulled the truck out of the garage. She hated backing up using the mirrors. But the cargo in back made it necessary. Once clear, she pressed the garage door button. Pausing in the driveway, Bridget wanted to make sure the garage door closed. Satisfied, Bridget pulled into the street.

After a quick stop at McDonalds's drive thru, Bridget pulled onto the northbound interstate just before 7:00. With a little speeding, they could make the cabin before 10:00. The traffic was light, at least heading out of the city, most of the traffic was inbound. People coming in to work on the last day of the week. The women talked about work, the latest gossip going around the store, what they thought of the new hires, and bitched about stupid company policies. The day was warm, and the sun burned bright, but with the windows rolled down part of the way, the heat was tolerable. Tami even managed to get chilled by the early morning breeze. It helped that they were driving directly away from the sun, the tarp covering the furniture shaded the cab. But by 9:00, Bridget had turned onto a two-lane highway, the sun was parallel to her, she slipped on her sunglasses. She could feel a fine bead of sweat starting to sheen her body. Bridget rolled down her window all the way to get a better breeze.

"Now it's starting to get warm," Tami said. The sunlight was beating down on her from the waist down. She squirmed in her seat. "I'm starting to sweat. That sun is really warm today."

"Yeah, its starting to get hot over here," Shelly agreed. "And I'm in the shade."

"You should be over here," Bridget answered. "It's really hot in the sun. I think the back of my shirt is all wet." She leaned forward. Her tank top clung to her back. She settled back in her seat. Glancing at the clock, she figured they had just under an hour of driving ahead of them. "There is a small park a few miles ahead, it will be the last place to stop to go to the bathroom before the cabin. I don't know about you guys, but I need to pee."

"Yeah, I think that would be good idea," Shelly agreed. "Even though I don't have to go that bad, I probably should. Plus it would feel good to stretch out a little bit."

Bridget turned off the highway a few miles later. The park was about a quarter of a mile down the road. The parking lot was empty, as was the park. It was a small community park, located on the edge of a small lake. There were a few picnic tables, with grills welded to steel posts, set into concrete. In the middle of the park was an old swing set. A newer jungle gym a little farther back. Both were encircled by sand. A small building housed the bathrooms. Bridget pulled into the only partially shaded spot. She paused a moment, while Tami and Shelly slid out of the truck. Peeling herself from the cab seat, Bridget hopped out of the truck. Her tank top pressed wetly on her back. She pulled the wet shirt from her skin. Then headed up to the bathroom.

The bathroom only had two stalls, so Bridget had to wait for the girls before she could go. When she came out of her stall, the bathroom was empty. Bridget used the moment of privacy to splash cold water on her face, and rub some over her neck and shoulders. She considered pulling off her top and drying it under the hand dryer. But realized that would take to long. Plus someone might come in, and she would feel too naked. So she decided she would have to live with a wet back.

Stepping out in the bright sun, Bridget squinted. Tami and Shelly were standing by the pickup. They had striped down to their bikini tops. Bridget walked over to the truck, discreetly glancing at their bodies. She knew they would be expecting her to strip off her tank top. Part of her wanted to get rid of the damp shirt. Another part of her would feel self conscious about the tiny bikini top she was wearing. Both of the girl's tops were just as skimpy as Bridget's. But after years of wearing a one piece, it would feel strange.

"Hey Bridget, you should get that tank top off and cool off," Tami smiled. Standing near the truck door, Tami was spraying herself with the mister they had mentioned the night before. A small tubular container that held water, attached was a thin hose with a sprayer nozzle at the end. The tube had a pump that you used to pressurize the contents. The nozzle is used to spray a fine cooling mist. Tami sprayed a fine mist between her breasts "This feels really good."

"I bet it does," Bridget noticed Tami's nipples through her bikini top.

"Come on Bridget,' Tami shut off the spray. "Strip for us."

"Strip for you!" Bridget blushed. After an uneventful drive up, the teasing finally started. "Maybe we should wait until we get to the cabin."

"Come on Bridget, this really cools you off," Tami held up the nozzle. "I'll make sure to keep you wet while you drive."

"I bet you would," Bridget laughed. She glanced around the park. They were still the only people there. Bridget sighed, then pulled off her tank top. She giggled, holding her tank top up between her breasts.

"Here, let my put that in the truck for you," Shelly reached over and pulled Bridget's top away from her. Bridget fidgeted. She stole glances, catching both Tami and Shelly checking out her body. "Damn, Bridget, you've got a really hot body."

"Shut up," Bridget blushed harder. She folded her arms in front of her. "You guys just like teasing me. Especially when I'm nearly naked."

"We're all nearly naked," Tami smiled. "Remember, its an all girls naked weekend." Bridget laughed and rolled her eyes. "So hold out your arms, so I can get you wet."

"Oh jeez," Bridget said. She held her arms out to her side. Tami stepped up, aimed the nozzle at Bridget's belly, and started spraying. Bridget flinched as the first blast of cool water hit her. Tami giggled as she moved the nozzle across Bridget's belly, toward her sides. "That does feel good." Bridget nodded at Shelly.

"Let's get these wet," Tami sprayed Bridget's right breast. Bridget arched her back as the cool water dribbled inside her bikini top. Tami moved the spray between her breasts, bringing it up around Bridget's neck. Then back down to her left breast. "How's that?"

"Well, it's definitely cooling me off," Bridget said. She could feel her nipples hardening. She kept her arms out. Even though she wanted to cover up. Tami started spraying down her arms. Water started to run down her belly. She felt the top of her bikini bottom starting to get wet. "My cut offs are going to get wet."

"Here, I'll get it," Shelly wiped water from Bridget's belly with her hand. Bridget tensed when Shelly first touched her. She wanted to jump, but managed to hold herself still. Bridget willed herself to act nonchalant, like it was no big deal. But inside, her heart was pounding. Tami had moved around to spray Bridget's back. More water ran down from Bridget's chest. Her bikini top was saturated. Shelly intercepted a stream near Bridget's belly button. "Wow, Tami really hosed you down," Shelly smiled at Bridget. "I think she got you wetter than both of us. Water is just running down your belly."

"I know," Bridget agreed. Tami was giving her back a good solid misting. Tami brought the nozzle up and drenched Bridget's shoulders. More water streamed down Bridget's front, coursing along the lines of her breasts, pausing at the bikini line, before trickling down her belly. "Tami, how wet are you going to get me?" Bridget protested. She could feel water starting to run down her back. "I don't want to get my shorts wet."

"OK," Tami stopped spraying. "I guess I was going a little over board. Don't worry, we'll keep your shorts from getting wet, for now at least." Tami ran her hand across Bridget's shoulder blades. The water ran down towards Bridget's butt, Tami intercepted the stream just above the cut offs. Tami ran her hand just above Bridget's shorts. Flicked water to the ground and then ran her hand back. But this time, she slipped her hand under the waistline of the cut-offs. She allowed her fingers to slide down Bridget's shorts to her second knuckle. She could feel Bridget's bikini bottom on her fingertips, and even felt the beginning of Bridget's ass crack.
