 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of incest or incest content.

(Hello. I've been away for a while, mostly working on short forms as tricias-captions on Tumblr. But they decided what they decided and I guess I'm back. Longer form requires less attention-deficit disorder. :-) So, I'm not sure what will come of it. Anyway, this is medium-length fiction for me. Hopefully one of a totally unconnected series. -Tricia, Feb 2019)

*

It'd been such a long time since my older sister and I had gone shopping together that I was delighted she suggested it. We kissed our husbands goodbye for the day, and Anne told little Melanie to behave for Daddy. Then we both got into her Jeep Cherokee and drove to the mall. It was good to have the time on the drive to catch up, I just forgot about everything else (and it's amazing that I forgot about _that_) and fell into old habits.

Things were great until we both chose a couple of dresses in Nordstrom's and took them into a changing room together. I lifted my dress over my head and Anne gave a sort of quiet fake whistle. "Woo hoo, Sis," she commented, "nice undies!" I was wearing a matching set of dark green push-up bra and thong from V's Secret. "I don't get to wear anything like that any more." She had on a front-opening pink bra on top and and boring old white cotton bikini panties down below.

"We should def go and buy you something new then. You deserve some. My gift," I said. 

"You don't need to do that, Claire," Anne smiled.

"I know I don't, but I want to." I was glad I didn't have to tell her the story behind all my matching undies.

I turned to the hook where my try-on dresses were and reached for one. I pulled it on while Anne's pulled on hers and we traded comments when we turned to look at each other. I was definitely not going to buy mine, but Anne hers might work. 

Then turned my back on her again, took off the first dress and reached for the next dress to try. Somehow, I managed to fumble it and dropped it on the floor. No matter, I bent over and picked it back up again, feeling that extra deepness from my butt plug that I always feel when bending. But I was used to that and didn't give it any thought.

But I should have been more cautious.

"Um, Claire?" Anne said with a strange tone to her voice.

"Yeah?"

"What's that shiny thing in your butt?"

Oh crap! I tried to pretend it wasn't there. "What do you mean?" I started to open the zipper on the next dress.

She was having none of it. She grabbed the back of my thong and pulled it away from me. "Oh my god! You have a green jewel sticking out of your ass!" Busted. Fuck.

"It's, um, a butt plug." I was very glad we were the only women in the changing area.

She pushed on it, giggling, I shivered visibly, making her giggle more. "What's this? Some kind of sex game with Paul?"

"Um, no. Paul's like totally lost interest. I think he's fucking some woman from his office."

"Oh, I'm sorry — though I know the story. So, what you do this as a sex game yourself? Or are you stepping out too with some guy?"

"Not some guy..." I was sure my face was bright red.

She looked me right in the face? "So, it's a woman? Claire? I never thought you were into women."

"It's Paul's sister," I said very quietly.

"Oh my god! Donna?"

"No, Devorra." Donna was Paul's biological sister. Devorra was adopted, African American.

"Oh my god. But that explains a lot." I wasn't sure what she meant, but I didn't really want to know.

"She's very dominant. She turned me out and made me her slave a week before Paul and I got married."

"Oh my god...."

"You are saying that a lot."

"So, she's your..."

"Mistress, yeah."

"And she makes you..."

"Do lots of things, yeah."

"Like?"

"Like the butt plug, which has to match the undies, which have to match each other. She's why I don't shave my underarms. She's why I do shave my cooch."

"You shave? Let me see!" I started to say no, but my sister just reached out and grabbed my thong and pushed it down and over my hips, making it fall to my ankles. "Oh, Sis, nice! And it looks smooth," she reached out and quickly ran her fingers over my mons, making me both shiver in pleasure and blush redder in embarrassment. "You must shave often."

"Every other day, no matter what's going on."

"Wow. Does she make you go down on her pussy?"

"Um, yeah. And her ass." I wasn't sure why I was volunteering that.

"We gotta get out of here and go someplace we can really talk. Get dressed!" It was a command, pure and simple, and Devorra had shown me how susceptible I was to a strong woman's commands. I bent to pull up my thong, but Anne stopped me. "Oh no, you little submissive slut of a sister. Take those off. In fact... she quickly pushed down her cotton panties and took them off before she pulled her original dress back on. 

What was going on, I wondered.

I got my dress on and we put our try-ons back on their hangers. Just before we left the stall, she grabbed both my thong and her panties and handed them to me. "You hold these." I was surprised they were both kind of wet.

"So," Anne continued when we got outside, "does she spank you? Punish you? Humiliate you? Or is it just about sex?"

"More than sex. Yeah all of those. And you know you seem to know a lot about this."

She ignored that gambit. "And you like it? It turns you on? The humiliation and the pain and eating her out? Wait. And does she fuck you too?"

"All the time. And I didn't like it at all at first, or I guess I pretended not to. Now I kind of crave it." I got scared for a minute. "Oh God, you can't tell Paul! Or anyone else! I'd die."

"You'd better not piss me off," she smirked. "But I bet you're getting all sloppy down there telling me this?

"Jesus, Sis. I can't believe you're asking me if I'm getting wet." That earned a look from a couple of teen-aged girls walking by.

"But you are?"

Ah, well, yeah."

"You really are submissive. Really submissive," she said with a hint of glee in her voice. And then we were at her car. She popped the locks and we got in. She turned on the car and said to me. "You have my panties. You can feel how wet they are. So, I guess you're not the only one."

"Yeah. What's that about?"

"Do they smell good?" 

I didn't even think. Devorra had me well trained. I brought her panties up to my face and inhaled. Then I realized what I was doing. "Ew! I'm sniffing my sister's panties. What are you doing?"

"I have a story to tell you, but you can't ever repeat it. Okay?" I nodded.

"My third year in Uni, there was a girl, a shortish Asian woman, whose room was diagonally across the hall from me. She was really shy and easily pushed around, so a lot of people on my floor took advantage of her. People sent her for snacks. Made fun of her hair. She put out for any guy that asked. Or groups of guys. One time there were five guy jerking off and covering her face and hair, right in the common room. And she let them. She was crying the whole time, but she let them. I followed her into the bathroom after that, hoping to comfort her. But I found her still with cum all over her and her legs spread and her hand between her legs getting herself off."

"Jesus."

"Yeah. So that Spring Break, she and I were both stuck on campus while everyone was headed sound. I'd caught my boyfriend fucking another guy, goddamnit and broken up with him really fast. And I was feeling because of. And it didn't help that I hadn't gotten laid in ages. So, I was drunk on the first Monday night and only had the TV and Carrie to keep me amused. I made up all sorts of things for her to do and she just did them."

I wasn't sure where she was driving us, but it clearly wasn't toward home.

"Does it sound familiar?" she asked.

"Um, kind of," I said.

"So, speaking of which, you're going to put that seat back now and put your feet on the dashboard and diddle yourself while I finish this story."

"No fucking way. Are you cra..." Anne reached over casually and pinched an inch of my thigh hard between her nails. "Ow!" I said. "That fuckin' hurts. Stop that."

"I'm not asking, baby sister. I'm telling."

I looked at her while she kept pinching, but she was watching the road. Finally I reached over and leaned the seat back and she let go.

"This is so weird," I said as I was putting my feet up. "I can't believe you're making me do this." I reached under my skirt and pretended to touch myself. 

She looked over and flipped the hem of my skirt up. "Where I can see you, Claire." I started to touch myself for real and she said triumphantly, "That's a good slut." I asked myself again, what is going on here? 

Anne continued. "So, eventually I got the little bitch to rub my feet — at which I might add she was really good. In the middle of it, I got the idea to make her get naked, which she did without complaint. Then looking at her kneeling and rubbing my feet, I got an even more wicked thought and asked her if she'd ever licked pussy. She said no, and she started crying. I didn't stop because of the tears though. It only egged me on, especially when I thought about her in the bathroom after the guys all spooged on her."

I couldn't help it. The story was making me horny and I wasn't skimping on my diddling. There was a familiar smell in the air.

"So, I stood up," Anne continued, "and made her take off my panties. And then I made her put her face in my crotch and describe to me in great detail what I smelled like and what I looked like down there and how she was feeling. And then I lay back on the couch and spread my legs and told her to get me off with her tongue."

I was starting to pant a little bit, getting close to the edge. Anne must have noticed, because her hand batted mine away from my clitoris. "That's enough, slut. For now. Ooh, you do have a clit, don't you?" I blushed with the comment about the size of my engorged clitoris. Cause it was kind of big. Devorra teased me about it all the time.

We pulled off the highway and onto a country road. I thought I recognized it. 

"The little trollop hadn't ever licked any pussy," Anne went on. "But she was eager to please. And please she did. A lot. The night was a revelation to me about sex. Eventually I rewarded her by getting her off with her roommate's vibrator and I went to sleep very contented. She slept at the end of my bed. We picked up again next morning."

I did recognize the road, there was an old abandoned silo down here. It used to be a favorite make out place. Where was this going?

"She was my bitch for the rest of the semester. I kept finding other ways to humiliate her and to make her please me. Has anyone ever licked your ass, sis? No? It is amazing. I went down on her. too, a couple of times, just out of curiosity. It was fun, I enjoyed it immensely, but it wasn't the way I wanted us to be.

"I was going to pick up where we left off the next year. But her parents moved her to another school the next semester. I never saw her again.

"The next year, I had a reputation and I was essentially a lesbian until graduation. Though I never told anyone at home about it because Mom especially would have had a cow." She would indeed.

We reached the grain silo and Anne maneuvered the car out back where no one could see us.

"So, you see, I know something about submissive women."

"Why are we here, Anne?"

"Get into the back, Claire," she said sternly. When I did nothing, she reach out and pinched my labia between her fingernails.

"Okay, okay," I said and crawled over the seat to the back where the seats were down.

She got out of the car and then opened the door and also got in the back. She leaned back against the wheel well and moved her legs apart. "I haven't been this horny in at least a year," she said and pulled up the hem of her skirt, revealing her un-groomed pussy, which was was sprinkled with the dew of her sex.

"So?" I asked.

"So, you're going to take care of me?"

"Ew. You're my sister."

"And you're a slut. Eat me."

"It's incest."

"So is fucking your sister-in-law, even if she is adopted. Eat. My. Cunt." I just looked at her. "Eat. My. Cunt. Bitch. Or I'll tell Paul everything. And Mom."

I sighed. And gulped, then sighed again. And then scrunched around so my head was between my sister's legs. For three moments, I just took it in. She'd changed so much since the last time I'd looked at her naked, when we were teenagers. Of course, I was never so close. Her bush still tended blonde, and it was wild, untrimmed and wet with moisture. The big clitoris didn't seem to run in the family either; hers was small, but clearly excited already, sticking up from the top of her labia, taunting me somehow.

And I was intoxicated by her very strong fragrance, down here so close to its source. It reminded me of me, somehow. But not like me. Certainly more like myself than Devorra's strong, spicy scent. As much as I was resisting this, there was a part of me strongly drawn to her smell.

"Now," she growled.

And I leaned ever further forward and my sister's pussy became the third I'd ever licked. (I'll tell you about the other one sometime.)

It was weird hearing my own sister in the throes of passion. And even weirder to be the cause of it. And it was humiliating to have another woman make me do things like this to them. But as we'd seen, I got off on humiliation and I apparently really liked eating pussy. 

Anne went off like a rocket only a minute after I started licking her. But I knew she wouldn't be satisfied with one; and I was lost in her feel and her taste. I kept licking her luscious quim and flicking her clitoris, until she was coming a second time. "Fuck!" she was saying. "My fucking little fucking sister is a fucking pussy fucking licker. Lick my fucking pussy, sis. Lick your fucking big fucking sister's fucking horny cunt. 

For her next orgasm, I reached up with my hand and slid it inside of her pussy, turning and curving my hand, reaching for her g-spot. "Oh god," she was saying. "You little whore. You've got your fucking fingers in your fucking sister's fucking cunt. What a slut you are. A slut. A fucking slut. A fucking horny, sister-fucking slut. You're such a fucking freak. Fucking incest with your fucking sister. Fucking making your own fucking sister fucking cum. Cum. Fuck. Cumming. Fucking cumming. My sister. My fucking sister fucking making me fucking cum. Fucking cum."

A flood of liquid poured from her and painted my face. That made me feel totally perverted: my face was covered in my big sisters's squirted fluid. I felt ashamed. I felt hornier than fuck.

I continued to lick her, but she pushed me away. "I can't take anymore, baby girl," she said to me.

I lay between her thighs, listening to her breath slow down and even out. My own pussy pulsed in need, but I was used to that need being denied. I'd like to say my shame changed to something different, like being proud to have made my sister cum like that. 

But the shame wasn't going anywhere, even while I felt a little bit of pride.

When Anne's breathing was back to normal, she ordered, "Get on your hands and knees, Claire." I was well past arguing. I turned over and got on my hands and knees. At Anne's direction I turned away from her. She pushed down on my shoulders and I lowered my face to the floor. She uncovered my bottom and the green-jeweled plug that still filled my ass.

Then I felt Anne's fingers between my cheeks to grab the plastic jewel. I felt the plug slide somewhat out of me. I gasped. "Anne," I said. "Not another word," she said. The plug pushed into me again. Then she slowly slid it out. Almost all the way. Then, oh god, it slammed back into me hard and deeper than before. Then half-way out, "Sigh" All the way in, "Gasp". All the way out, "Ah, ah." Hard in, "Fuck." I guess that was a word, but Anne didn't chastise me.

She continued. My sister continued ass fucking me! Shocks of pleasure and pain ran through me. Orgasm was coming closer and closer. I was babbling incoherently. Then my sister reached between my legs and touched — just touched mind you — my swollen clitoris and I was spasming in orgasm. Anne told me later that I had squeezed so hard the plug popped out and hit her in her shoulder. But I was oblivious to that. I just knew I was cumming and I was in a place where nothing else matter and my big sister — who had always taken care of me when we were kids — was taking care of me again.

Anne told me later that I was only out of it for about five minutes. My next memory was lying limply in the back of her jeep curled up as the little spoon to Anne's big spoon. She was stroking my cheek which were somehow wet with tears. "...such a good sister slut." were the first words I remember her saying.

"Did we really just do that?" I asked.

"Oh, yeah, we really did," came my sister's soothing voice.

"Things are never going to be the same, are they?"

"Nope. You're my little slut now."

"But what about Devorra?"

"She and I can work something out."

"I kinda like being my big sister's slut."

"I definitely like my little sister licking my cunt."

"Yeah, me too."

"I can't wait to fuck you."

"Yeah, me too."

"We should probably go find somewhere you can wash up."

"Then maybe a glass of wine."

"I'm thinking vodka."

"I like the way you think."

"I love you little sister."

"I love you too, Anne."