 Part 2

I woke the very next day after our trip to the murky bar - which had brought about some very murky behaviour on my part - feeling new and more alive than ever before.

To my surprise I was not disgusted by what I'd done and even more happily, Debbie was delighted with the wildness I'd showed. I could understand it all properly then and it was like the lifting of the thickest veil from my eyes - it really didn't matter anymore what others thought of us, thought of my behaviour, thought of my body, even. And that was because Debbie and I had each other and everyone else was an irrelevance. It was total trust, pure and simple, and our acceptance of that massive fact simply freed us to be what we wanted to be, and do what we wanted to do.

Don't get me wrong. Being daring was still just as daring, just as thrilling - but now it was so much easier for both of us.

It sounds ridiculously easy in fact, doesn't it? Well that's true on one level, but actually finding the person who you can share with seems to be so much harder. But what did I really care? I had Debbie.

And we had plans.

By the Tuesday afternoon both of our respective colleges knew that we wouldn't be returning - in Debbie's case, they had even insisted that a place would be kept free for her should she change her mind in the next few months - and we had booked the first of our trips, flights to Nice with a hire car to be waiting for us at the airport. My parents were returning from their break at the weekend and Debbie's would be home the following Wednesday, so we would be leaving the very next day - the earliest opportunity. 

It gave us a chance to discover more about each other - and to monitor the number of hits that our uploaded video clips of my brother and his friends were receiving. It wasn't until the night before my parents came back until he realised what was going on, and boy was that a fun phone call I received.

Mostly, what Debbie and I found out about each other were coincidences. We had both been born in a small town near London, we both liked the same types of food (anything that wasn't still moving), we both loved the cinema (as mutual orgasms in the local Odeon proved on the Wednesday night), we both loved to swim (and happily discovered that skinny-dipping makes it even better despite being seen by a couple of passing fishermen), and, almost bizarrely, we both started menstruating on the same day. Sure it's not a pleasant subject, but there again, by sharing the same days, the maximum amount of the rest of the month was free for us.

Perhaps most intriguing of all was the fact that we were now both far more daring than we'd ever been before. Each day (until the Thursday when the aforementioned period-coincidence interrupted things) we had 'accidentally' flashed a stranger or two. Or four. And each time we followed it up with wildly abandoned sex. Despite my new-found confidence to be daring - something that was spreading fast to Debbie - I still found the experiences exciting in the extreme, or perhaps even more exciting because one element of the fear factor had diminished.

On the Friday, the second day of our enforced abstinence, we actually put half-way decent dresses on and left the house early to wander the footpath through the woods. 

"Do you think he will show up again today?" Debbie asked me.

I was about to say I doubted it when an elderly voice called 'what-ho!' from up ahead. "Looks like that's a yes."

Debbie laughed and we trotted forward to meet our elderly gentleman friend.

"Oh, I say," he boomed as we skipped to a halt in front of him, "As beautiful as I remembered, but a tad over-dressed, what?"

"Nature dictates," Debbie said, un-embarrassed, pointing down to her belly.

"A true curse if ever there was one," he laughed, "I've been dreaming about you two all week - as naked as you were last week, that is."

I laughed, "I think we're both very glad you enjoyed your birthday treat."

"Oh I did, I did. Between you and me and the trees, thoughts of you two even managed to stir a long-sleeping dragon!"

"For long enough?" Debbie asked, her eyes wide.

"You youngsters are not ashamed to ask personal questions, are you?"

"I think it's only fair," Debbie let loose the most girlish giggle I'd heard from her until then, "After all it was our naked bodies you were thinking of!"

He laughed then, "Touché, young lady. Very well, yes, I must confess to conjuring up a picture or two of you two to... help matters along."

"And," I added, eager to be part of the naughty conversation, "I seem to recall a pat on my bare butt when we had to leave you. Did that feature in your dreams as well?"

"Oh ladies. In my dreams I was much more lithe than I really am now and I allowed myself the pleasure of touching more than just your extremely well-muscled, highly attractive bottoms! Do forgive an old man his wild fantasies."

"You're forgiven," I said, my heart lurching into my throat.

"Yeah," Debbie agreed. "Who knows? If we hadn't been interrupted maybe that would have been your birthday treat!"

He leaned heavily on his cane, "I do hope my pacemaker can keep up with the strain! Such terrible teases you both are."

"Oh I agree with Debbie," I told him, my lips dry, "We said afterwards it was such a joy meeting you, and such a pity we couldn't hang around." Debbie's hand found mine and she squeezed it tightly. "That wasn't a tease, I promise you." Which was true.

He was silent for a few moments, looking back and forth between our wide eyes, "I'm at a loss for words," he said at length. "Surely you jest?"

Debbie shook her head, "No. We honestly said that it had been a real fun thing and honestly said it wouldn't have been fair to object if you'd been even naughtier."

"We even said," I added, "that it might have been nice to make your birthday present just a little naughtier."

He swallowed noisily, "You're making me wish I had that spot of time all over again! I might be ancient but you two really are so desperately bounteous, don't ya know? I believe my resistance to being seen as a dirty old man might well have been worn away to dust."

I gripped Debbie's hand even tighter, "No one would have blamed you. Certainly not us."

"Absolutely," Debbie said shakily, "After all, it was us who were so exposed there."

"Yes, it was our fault, I guess."

"Fault is entirely the wrong word, but I understand what you mean, ladies. Perhaps that means there is no fault in me saying what delightful figures you both have... delightful, delightful, breasts in particular."

"That's very kind of you to say," I managed.

"It's lovely," Debbie agreed. She swallowed even harder than the old gent had just done, "Makes me almost wish we were dressed - un-dressed, even - the same way today."

I gasped softly, my nipples hardening, "Y... yes. Stupid, horrible, curse, right?"

"Oh ladies, you have no idea how much I want to say something terribly un-gallant just now."

"Just say it," Debbie was quivering in my grasp, "I guarantee you won't offend us."

There was silence again for a few seconds and then he grunted. "Oh ladies forgive an old man's desires, but... but I'm so sorry to offend, it's just that I would love to see those beauteous breasts one more time."

Beside me, Debbie whimpered. "That's not offensive."

"Not at all," I said. "Perhaps it's even fair." I turned to my girlfriend and looked deep into those big, blue eyes as she faced me. Eyes that were saying 'yes'. 

I reached behind her neck and found the top of her zipper. I waited then until certainty took us over, my first downward pull on the little metal tag triggered when her own fingers flipped open the top button of my own garment. Slowly at first but then hurried almost to the point of panic, we undid the fastenings of each other's dresses down to our waists and then pulled them down, our breasts glorying in sudden sunlight, and the old gentleman's rapt stares.

It wasn't the first time in the past couple of weeks that my breasts had been exposed to an eager stranger's gaze but when I turned back to face him, it felt as if no one had ever seen me like that before. When he stared across as Debbie's large nipples and licked his lips I almost cried out in pure pleasure.

"Oh ladies, ladies, ladies! You look... oh my, you look even finer than my old memory was telling me!"

"Perhaps," I said, "that's because this is primarily for you and our own wants for nakedness are secondary this time." My voice was level but my heart was racing.

Debbie coughed, "I know us just being this daring must be a thrill for you, but are we really as nice as you say?"

"Goddamn it, yes. What you have done is thrilling, yes, but what you have by way of bodies is... so very beautiful!"

"You really liked our birthday gift then?"

"Yes, by jove, yes!" I could see in his rheumy old eyes that he was succumbing to the lust we were generating, and his next words confirmed it, "I know I can't see them anyway, but I do not doubt that were this the other morning and I risked one last touch as you ran away, it would not be your admittedly gorgeous behinds that I attempted to touch."

"You mean you would have tried to touch our bare breasts?" My voice was trembling, mine and Debbie's hands once more locked together.

"Might have been difficult if we were starting to run away," she said. "Of course, so far today there's no one..."

"No one making us run," I finished.

"You have no... no idea what you're doing to me, ladies!"

"Actually," I managed, "I think I do. I think we're offering you a chance."

"I shouldn't... but I can't refuse." He raised his free hand and leaned forward. 

With a tenderness that belied the gnarled fingers, he first cupped my left breast and then Debbie's right. The touch drew gasps from both of us but neither of us moved an inch.

"H... h...happy birthday!"

He nodded, a million miles distracted, his eyes flicking from me to Debbie, from breast to breast. His cane clattered to the path and he brought a hand up to each of us, his breathing ragged. He squeezed gently, fingers and thumbs lightly pinching our nipples.

He stopped moving then, his hands still resting on our bared breasts. He looked own at his own front and let out a snort of disbelieving laughter. "Oh ladies. Oh my word!"

Debbie and I exchanged a quizzical look. "Something wrong?" I managed.

His eyes snapped up briefly to our face before dripping back to our nakedness. His hands started to squeeze again as he let out a strangled laugh, "Oh, nothing wrong at all but... but I'm getting hard. Really hard."

I clasped my free hand over the one holding my breast, "Good."

"Yes, wonderful," Debbie agreed.

"It's at time like this I wish I had three hands!"

I didn't let myself think, "We have a hand free each."

Debbie whimpered again, "Yes, and a duty to you now."

"I don't-" 

She shushed him and it was our joined hands, not the free ones, which she - or maybe I - reached forward with. There were three sharp intakes of breath as our fingers took hold of his large but still half-flaccid member through his cotton trousers. We - I - didn't allow ourselves a moment's more thought and the sound of his zipper being drawn down seemed to echo from the surrounding trees.

He might have been eighty-four but his lungs were working like a fully formed teenager's and he moaned loudly as his cock sprang free, hardening yet further as it met the warmth of our hands. The old guy's own hands at our breasts began to knead, pinch and massage our nakedness as our own fingers started to trace the impressive length of his now engorged cock.

"Oh ladies! This is... unbelievably phantasmagorical! Oh my word, I'm hard!"

"Uh-huh," Debbie managed as our fingers began to stroke him rhythmically.

"Hard and very, very big," I was panting, "And there was me thinking our tits were far too tiny for that sort of reaction."

"Oh, no way! Your breasts - your tits - are magnificent. This is so much more than I deserve!"

"No it isn't," I told him. "You excited us first, and anyway it's so hot to be stroking this big, hard cock."

"The biggest I ever held," Debbie said, "And those enormous balls! Feel them Dallas!"

I snaked my hand to cup them - a real handful - squeezing gently, even as the old man's hips started to twitch. I was delirious with excitement, unthinking. My hand took a couple of seconds to snake back to my hips and I pushed the dress down my thighs, my panties, liner and all, following it to the path.

Beside me Debbie grunted 'yes' and followed suit before we reached again for the hard cock that was now twitching in front of us. "Anything visible is touchable, right Dallas?"

"It needs touching!"

"Oh ladies! Oh dear god your cunnies are divine!" His hands dropped from our breasts and he cupped each of us. "You're so hot!"

"Yes!" I said, pushing my groin hard against his hand, "This hot for your fingers!"

Beside me Debbie had evidently felt a finger penetrate her, the cry of 'yes' loud enough to startle birds from the trees. My own followed just a second later as a long finger parted my labia.

The old gent was panting hard now and he shook his head in seeming disbelief. "Ladies! Oh ladies you're going to make me ejaculate!"

"Good!" Debbie cried out, "I want to see this big thick cock spray us with its cum!"

I never even got a chance to agree before he started to spurt. Debbie had clearly angled his cock towards herself because the first, surprisingly large, jet splattered against the underside of her bare breasts. The second was aimed at me - she admitted later, by her - and I was treated to an explosive gout of sticky white liquid that drenched both of my breasts.

The old man grunted loudly as a third spurt was followed by a fourth and a fifth.

It was all too much for me to bear and I realised with something approaching wonder that I was going to climax myself. I started to grind faster against the old guy's hand, oblivious to where we were, just knowing that I had to find release there and then.

Any encouragement I needed was provided by my girlfriend's sudden cry of pleasure and from deep within me the totally unplanned climax ripped into my belly.

I bucked and cried, lost in delight, following the old man down as his knees buckled. His finger was still lodged deep within my sex, my own hand still holding onto the thickness of his now-flaccid cock. I was about to beg Debbie to kneel as well but at that moment she stumbled forward and in one gloriously dirty, delightful movement she pressed her naked pussy at his shocked face. That movement sent my own climax rocketing through the atmosphere and I had to struggle to keep my vision in focus as I bucked and whimpered.

Debbie only lasted a few seconds more on her feet before she collapsed beside us, the muscles in her belly still fluttering wildly.

I guess we were all very, very lucky - and not just because the three climaxes must have registered on the Richter scale. We must have all been sprawled out barely conscious for a few minutes, all of us in various states of undress, and yet we weren't disturbed.

He might have been sixty-odd years older than us, but the elderly gent seemed to gather hits wits together much faster than either of us girls. 

He sat up slowly and hitched his trousers closed, "I'm totally astonished and totally delighted, young ladies. I feel thirty years younger!"

I stood and helped Debbie to her feet, all four of our legs quivering, "I'm not quite sure that was planned, but I'm so happy that you clearly enjoyed things!"

"'Enjoy' is a monstrous understatement. I simply cannot express my gratitude enough, even if I live to be twice my age!"

I bent to pull my dress back up and had to giggle when I glanced up, "You might want to wipe your nose!"

He bellowed a deep laugh when he pawed at his face and saw a tiny smear of blood on his palm. He waved Debbie's nascent apologies to one side, "Can't say you didn't warn me now, can I? And let's face it ladies, if I'm going to have to face a tiny speck of blood at my age, what on earth could possibly be a better way than that?"

Even the embarrassed Debbie had to chuckle, "Sorry anyway, I just got carried away."

"That apology couldn't be more unnecessary if it tried, my lovely lady," he paused but resumed quickly, "Now, I have a feeling that my luck of today will never be repeated so I am going to break the habit of a lifetime."

"You are?" I said slowly.

His hands snaked out and stopped both of us from pulling the tops of our dresses up our arms, "Oh yes. I want your permissions though. It is merely the asking that is the habit-breaker."

Debbie took his had in hers, "What are we about to say 'yes' to?"

"Oh, you are more than free to say no and I wouldn't blame you if you did."

His words could have horrified me, but somehow they just seemed to relax me even more. I copied Debbie's move and took his other hand in mine, "Ask us then."

"Well, like I say, I have the strongest feeling that our paths really will not cross again so I shall simply say this with no prevarication whatsoever. No beating about the bush at a time like this..."

I giggled, "That counts as no prevarication?"

"Good point, well made," he laughed, "But you must understand that I am an old - ancient - man and I find it hard to cut through my upbringing when I was assured thatmanners made the man." He waved a further protest from me into silence, "I want," he said simply, "to have one last feel of those delicious breasts!"

With the quickest glance at Debbie where her eyes were screaming 'okay' at me, I smiled at the dear old gentleman and let go of his hand, spreading my arms wide.

He touched both of us gently and thoroughly then took each of our hands in turn and raised the back of them to his lips. With the most gallant of gentle kisses, he finally released us from what seemed then like a dream.

"As much as it grieves me to say it, I rather fancy you should protect your wonderful modesties shortly."

Debbie nodded, "Thank you."

"Yeah, thanks. Just one thing though, what should we call you?"

He laughed, "Oh, anything you like, really. But my given name is the unprepossessing Terence. Terry to my friends. And ladies, I count you among the best of friends I have been fortunate enough to meet. Certainly the most gorgeous."

"Well it's probably a bit late for it, but nice to meet you, Terry," I fastened the final button and leaned over to help Debbie with the last couple of inches of her zipper, "And I must say you are the most charming man I've had the pleasure of coming across."

"Oh, I can't resist - you seem to be drawing the teenager out of me. Surely it's me that should be saying something about you two being the nicest ladies I have ever cum across!"

We laughed softly with no hint of guilt or embarrassment. The conversation - the whole incident - wound down until we parted with a big hug and a kiss each from Terry. 

After the heights of passion it seemed so quiet, so peaceful, as we walked away. It also felt like the end of the beginning. A thoroughly contented situation.

Saturday saw Debbie introduced to my tired parents as my girlfriend - and boy did that take some explaining. Finally, to something of my surprise, both mum and dad realised just what 'girlfriend' actually meant - and to my greater surprise they were both delighted for me.

"I'm so glad," my mother gushed, "that our Dallas has finally found a decent person to be with. And just because you're a girl, Debbie, doesn't mean to say that I, for one, am in any way shocked or disappointed." She had quietened her voice then, making sure that my father, busy unpacking, didn't hear her next words, "Between you two and little old me, there are some benefits between us females that a husband can never provide, so I'm so happy that you two can share all your girlie thoughts and problems, all the time."
