 Sam saw her first, when she was moving in, and then later at the coffee shop down the road. Sam was unemployed, picking up a bartending job now and then, but she'd been hanging around the apartment pretty much every day for a month. I was working an office job in downtown and every day after work I would look forward to Sam's telling me about her day, which seemed to involve nothing more than watching TV, surfing the 'net and getting off, going to the gym and "stalking" our new neighbor. And then, finally, I saw her up close. She was beautiful. A tall brunette with an incredible body. She looked very strong, yet very feminine, with exotic features; very high cheekbones and large brown eyes and gorgeous olive skin. I walked by her while picking up our mail. We made eye contact and she smiled as we passed each other.

"She's an actress," she said. "At least she's trying to be. I think she strips."

"So what else is new?"

"She's nice."

A couple of weeks went by and a funny thing happened. Our lovemaking became more often and more passionate; Sam became more interested in eating my pussy, and suddenly wanted me to fuck her with my strap-on. We spend hours in bed kissing and holding each other, making each other cum until we were exhausted. It occurred to me that Britt had something to do with it. I know that both of us talked about what she would be like in bed and it reminded us of how we had met, at a college bar, surrounded by women who wanted us. We had a hard time making friends, so many women were jealous of us for one reason or another, and our previous relationships had ended badly. Sam predicted that it was a matter of time before we hung out with her and she warned me that something might happen.

It was at the end of a hard workweek for me when I finally met Britt. I was getting groceries at the nearby market when I heard a voice say hello. It was she. We were in the liquor aisle and she was trying to decide on a white wine. "I'm Britt," she said. "We haven't actually met."

"I know," I said. "I've seen you around the neighborhood."

"I just moved here. I live on the other side of the complex."

"You know my girlfriend Sam. She met you at the café."

"Oh yes. She's really nice."

I helped her pick a couple of bottles of white and then we left the store together and walked back to my car. She had walked to the store so I offered her a ride. "So do you and Sam have anything fun planned for this weekend?"

"No, we're pretty boring. Maybe rent a couple of movies. We don't go out much, not really into the bar scene around here, although Sam is bartending tomorrow night."

Britt looked disappointed. "Oh," she said. "I actually have tomorrow night off. I was going to ask you guys if you wanted to come over."

"Well I'm free," I said. 

Britt smiled. "Great," she said.

I dropped her off in front of her place and we exchanged cell phone numbers. I didn't think anything of it, I just thought that I had, we had made a new friend. She didn't seem like she was into girls or anything, but when I got home and told Sam, she had a lot to tell me.

"She's into girls," she said.

"How do you know Sam?"

"She told me."

"When?"

I ran into her at the café. We talked for a couple of minutes. She moved here from Las Vegas. Just got out of a relationship there."

"How come you didn't tell me this before?"

"This all happened this morning. I ran into her my run."

"Uh huh." 

It was all very weird. Sam running into her and finding out her whole life story in just a few minutes. But I let it go. We wound up renting a pretty bad movie, so we turned it off and took a shower together and wound up having another night of incredible sex. 

The next day, Sam and I ran together. We took a route that was unfamiliar to me and wound up running through the shopping area. Sam pointed out a club that we had drove by a million times, but had never noticed. "She dances there," she said.

"Uh huh," I said. The place looked kind of sleazy, but I was fascinated. After Sam left for work, I did a search online and came up with a website for it. That's when I saw that Britt actually had posed nude for some magazines and websites. I looked at some of the photos and began to get turned on. I put my hand down my pants and played with my clit. Suddenly my phone rang. It was Britt. I made plans to meet her at her place in a couple of hours and when I put the phone down, and after hearing her sexy voice on top of looking at her nude online, I had to finish what I started. I took off my jeans and lay down on my bed and played with myself until I came. Then I took a shower and spent a couple of hours picking out a skirt and top.

Britt met me at the door. She was wearing her tank top and skirt and was barefoot. She had pretty feet. I kicked off my sandals and followed her to the living room. Her apartment was smaller than ours, but she had a lot of really nice pieces. And I immediately noticed a large black and white nude portrait of her above the sofa. She handed me a glass of wine and we sat on the couch and talked. She had the most beautiful smile and the cutest laugh and I found myself becoming more intoxicated by her presence as we talked. Soon the discussion became more personal.

"So you're into girls?"

"Of course," she said. 

"Sam said that you have a girlfriend in Las Vegas."

"Sort of," she said. "We see each other when we can"

"That's nice.

"But when it comes to sex, I have a huge appetite. Since I've been here I've had a couple of lovers, but no one serious. And I hate going to bars."

"Me too."

"Sam's really cute. How long have you two been together?"

"Four years."

"That's a long time."

"Yeah."

"So when did you decide that you wanted to cheat on her?"

"Cheat on her?"

"Well, that's why you came over, isn't it?"

I swallowed hard. My heart began to beat. "I guess."

"Uh huh."

"Uh huh."

She moved closer and took one of my hands and kissed it. "You're really beautiful," she said.

"So are you."

"First time I saw you I knew I had to have you."

"Me too."

Then, finally, we kissed. She followed my tongue with hers and soon we were furiously making out on her couch. 

"You feel good," she said.

"So do you," I said.

She pulled off her tank top and lay down on the couch. I got on top of her and felt her hard nipples against mine. I moved my hand down her thighs and under her skirt and rubbed her pussy through her panties. She moaned and shoved her tongue deeper into my mouth. 

"It's been a while," I whispered.

"Since what?" she asked.

"Someone new."

"I'll be gentle."

"I hope not."

She wrapped her legs around mine and took my head in her hands, devouring me with her lips and tongue, licking my teeth and biting my lips as we caressed. Then she pulled off my t-shirt and we pressed our breasts together and held each other tighter. I kissed her neck and nibbled on her ear. "My clit is throbbing," she said.

"Oh yeah?" I said.

"What are you going to do about that?" 

"Make it feel better."

I pulled off her skirt and buried my face in her pussy. She had a well-trimmed bush, and her large brown pussy lips and I began to play with them with my lips and tongue.

"You like my pussy?" she asked.

"Love it," I said.

"My gynecologist says I have a tall vagina."

I laughed. She took her hand and cradled my head as I licked her again. 

"That's good," she said. "Like that."

I took her into my mouth and teased it with my lips, sucking slightly and nibbling gently. She moaned again and her back arched. "MMMMMM," she said. "You like my pussy."

"Love your pussy."

I went at her harder now and her breathing became more intense. "Don't stop," she said. "Don't fucking stop."

She began to buckle under me and moaned again, taking my hand in hers as she came, squeezing it hard as she moaned. Then she took me into her arms and we kissed and held each other. 

"Let's go to the bedroom," she said

"Sure."

We got up and she took my hand and we walked through the kitchen into her room. She turned around and kissed me, pulling down my skirt and panties. Then she pushed me down on the bed and got on top of me, pinning my arms down and sucking on my breasts, taking them into her mouth and biting my nipples. I moaned and then she pinned me down again. I spread my legs apart and she grinded her pussy into mine.

"Like that?" she said. 

"Yes," I whispered.

Then she grinded again and I moaned. "Feels so good," I said. "I come so hard from this."

Her pussy felt so hot against mine, it felt like it was going to catch on fire. I grabbed her and kissed her as he grinded against each other and then she took my hands and pinned me down again. We were both sweating now and it felt so good to feel her sliding around on top of me as she moved her pussy into mine. "Sam loved this too, " she whispered.

"What?" I said. At first I thought I heard her wrong.

"She loved it when I kissed her pussy with mine."

She let go of my hands and kissed me, grinding into me harder and faster. I moaned and could feel an orgasm coming on. 

"She loved it when I ate her pussy. She loved eating mine."

"Yeah," I said. "You fucked my girlfriend, you fucking slut."

"She's my little slave, she'll do anything I ask."

I grabbed Britt's ass and pushed her harder into me.

"Now I'm fucking you," I said.

We kissed again. "I'm gonna come," I said.

"Not yet," she said. 

We kissed again. And she took my finger into her mouth and sucked on it.

"Put it in my ass," she said.

I moved my hand down and slowly inserted my finger into her asshole and she moaned louder. I was so turned on that I couldn't hold on any longer and my pussy opened the floodgates and I screamed as we came together. Then we collapsed on the bed. She took me into her arms and we kissed. Her big brown eyes opened wide and she smiled. "You girls were too easy," she said.