 Brooke lay back on the bed and her hands drifted across smooth, warm skin. She grazed one of her thick, dark nipples and it stiffened. Goose bumps rose on lush breasts and damp labia began to swell. She wished Allison was stroking her body, making her wet, making Brooke cum.

The half t-shirt and silk shorts were so tight she might as well have been nude. She reached under the small top and took both of her sweet buds between thumbs and forefingers. Her hands twisted and pulled at nipple rings and areolas in the way Ali did. Her tips sent rapid-fire pulses of pleasure-pain racing through her body. Delicious sensations dashed headlong into Brooke's throbbing clitoris.

"Mmmm, oooh," she whimpered. She quickly wet her fingers and resumed the nipple play. Desire burned between full thighs. She imagined showering Allison's vulva with kisses and licks and nibbles. Honey flowed from her and seeped between the cheeks of a round and heaving bottom.

She exposed large, soft globes and lifted one to her lips. As she suckled herself the erotic jewelry electrified her flesh. One hand slid down the curved tummy into the steamy recess of her slick vagina. She pinched its hood. Tingles from her hard nipples paled in comparison to that jolt of sparkling sensation. Thoughts of Allison's face at her breasts, a hand between Brooke's legs, made her shiver. More droplets slithered along her slit.

Lip-covered teeth bit down on one nipple and pulled at its ring. Her left hand played with the other ring and pinched hard. Sexual energy coursed through her fluttering tummy and raced lower into her pussy. Brooke yanked the shorts aside and they tore. Allison tore Brooke's short off once, and the memory made her smile. Two fingers trust into the girl's needy opening. She thumbed the fleshy hood and circled her clit in a flurry of stimulation. Her smile faded into a determined grimace.

"Mmmmph, mmmmph, mmmmph!" She gasped around the aroused breast in rhythm to the pounding pulse of a building sexual frenzy. The girl slurped with noisy abandon. Cruel fingers tweaked her throbbing nipple to just shy of the pain threshold. Brooke's hand thrashed her turgid folds as she dreamed of Ali's tongue.

She came in an explosive orgasm. There was no languid build, no teasing peaks and valleys. Her body simply convulsed in a huge and heady rush of sexual fulfillment. The nipples burned and the wildfire spread, igniting her skin. Brooke's body enjoyed the deep, full orgasm as her mind's eye saw Allison's beautiful face between shaking thighs. She curled her fingertips into her g, felt the second wave build, and cried out in joyful release. The wet nipple slipped from her mouth.

"Oooh . . . oooh . . . oooh! Fu . . . uh . . . uck!" Brooke's voice quavered in crescendo. Large breasts shuddered. Hips thrust over and over again. Thick spurts slipped from between her fleshy lips. The rush of fluid intensified her sensations. She tumbled into a second, trembling climax.

With her immediate needs met she relaxed and caught her breath. Brooke's legs closed on her hand and she rolled onto one side. Tiny aftershocks rippled for several seconds as she reveled in the afterglow. Even temporarily satisfied, though, she longed for Allison.

*   *   *   *   *   *   *

Brooks drifted for a few minutes then rose and went for the shower. She reached for the faucet handle and noticed how wet her hand looked. The girl licked her fingers and imagined the taste was Allison's.

After a quick rinse she toweled the thick black-brown hair and put on a light summer dress. She decided to let her ample breast swing. It might get the looks she adored. Besides, the sway of ample tits against thin fabric would generate a welcome friction. Brooke debated over the choice of panties—high-cut, crotchless, thong—then decided the simplest solution was to skip them altogether. That'll be sexier, too, she thought.

She looked in the mirror. The reflection peering back oozed sensuality and telegraphed just the right mix of confidence and vulnerability.

"I hope Allison's home," she murmured to herself. "God, I need a good tribing. And to munch some wet kitty!"

She blew her reflection a kiss and turned for the door.

Allison's house was less than two blocks away, and the late morning was mild and sunny. A soft breeze rustled bushes and trees lining the quiet street. Brooke enjoyed the stroll. An occasional breath of air whispered up the skirt and caressed her bare labia. The fabric stroked at still-tender nipples. Even the cloth stretched across her rolling bottom produced sweet chills. The empty street was slightly disappointing.

That disappointment was short-lived. As the young woman rounded the corner, she caught sight of Beth walking through the front door with armloads of groceries. Allison's mother was in her mid-forties and kept herself in wonderful shape. She had attracted Brooke's attention often. Her square face held relaxed blue eyes, and her wide mouth was just made for kissing. Brooke wondered how it would feel to run her tongue across Beth's even, white teeth.

She had often wondered about a mature woman's body in general, and about Beth's in particular. The woman's breasts held their lovely shape with little sag. Brooke imagined their rubbery nipples would taste so sweet. She had dreamed of nibbling her way down Beth's tummy until she could suck the woman's wet cleft and devour her erect clitty. Of course, she'd have to hold tightly to that pert ass to keep Beth's puss against her face. Brooke longed to give her friend's mom orgasm after orgasm.

She knocked on the door before pushing it open. "Hello?"

"Brooke?"

"Yeah."


"Come in! I'm in the kitchen."

Brooke made her way to the kitchen. Grocery sacks covered the counters. Her friend's mother wore a pale blue cotton dress. It shaped itself perfectly to her shoulders and torso. Then it flared from her hips and ended just above the knees.

"Hi, dear," Beth called cheerfully. "Allison isn't here."

"Oh," Brooke mumbled, disappointed. A hollow twinge needled the center of her sex. "Will she be home soon?"

"I don't know." Beth turned to put a jug of milk in the fridge. "And she left her phone." 

Brooke wondered about the slight unease in the back of her mind, but the view of legs and ass distracted her. Brooke's libido re-exerted itself. Her mouth began to water and her pussy dampened as she watched Beth move.

"Give me a hand?"

"Oh, sure." Brooke's dark eyes tore themselves from the tanned thighs. Her mind tried to forget the illicit thoughts of Beth's bare breasts, and the young woman looked into the nearest paper bag.

"I'm sure you know where everything goes . . . ."

"Oh, yeah. I mean, I've stolen enough of your food over the years, you know?"

"You didn't steal it," Beth laughed. "It's no problem. Besides, you need to keep up your strength. Right?"

The way Allison's mother gazed directly into Brooke's dark eyes made the girl wary. "I guess," she answered. The answer sounded lame to her.

Beth touched the girl's cheek briefly and smiled before turning back to the groceries. She asked, "Are you hungry?"

God, yes—for your pussy! she thought. 

Instead, she answered, "No. I'm okay."

"Okay. Tell you what. Let's finish putting stuff away, and then we can have some tea—or something—until Allison gets home. How's that sound?"

"Sound great." Brooke wondered if the "something" might be, well, something. She had occasionally teased Beth on the rare occasions when they were alone together. Once she even did it in front of Allison just for fun. But despite the opportunities, Beth always seemed unmoved. That apparent disinterest made the girl bold.

She searched through the bags for items that either had to go up high in the cupboards, or low in the drawers. As luck would have it, the first bag had both.

Jack pot! She smiled to herself.

"Do you have something to climb on? I need to reach the shelves."

"Yes, dear, in the pantry."

Brooke retrieved a small stepladder. She selected one item at a time and stretched to place each one on the shelves. She could feel the hem slip up and down her thigh. On one particularly difficult reach the fabric stretched high enough that Brooke knew the crease beneath her ass showed. She thought she heard a soft gasp behind her.

Next were the low items. Again, Brooke made sure to put away only one item at a time. She bent from the waist, keeping her knees straight. The bottom of her dress teased close to her smooth, ample bottom. She loved teasing. Indulging her exhibitionist side always gave her a thrill. She only hoped Beth would want more than a glimpse.

Brooke jumped when Beth's husky voice sounded in her ear. "You know, when Allison's phone rang earlier I couldn't get to it in time."

"Oh?"

"Yeah. I saw it was you and thought of calling back."

"Oh, that's okay. But, I mean, you can call, too. If you, like, want to."

The older woman smiled. "No. I just, listened . . . to the voice mail."

"Oh. Oh! Oh, I'm sooo sorry. We joke around like that sometimes." Brooke uttered the words though she knew they sounded ridiculous.

"Uh huh. Brooke, please. It's okay. You don't have to lie to me."

"I'm not—"

"Brooke, I know about you and Allison."

Hearing her lover's mother suddenly say she knew Brooke and her daughter were having sex confused the girl. But, wait. Is that what she said? What does she know about—?

"I've heard you two a few times," Beth continued. "You can be quite . . . vocal . . . when you 'finish'." She smiled. 

Brooke's stomach felt funny.

"I even peeked in on you once. You were sucking on Allison's tits!"

"Oh, God," Brooke whimpered. "I'm sooo sorry!"

"Oh, please." Beth moved closer and her breath seemed to surround Brooke. "The only thing you have to apologize for is making me want to suck my daughter's nipples." She edged closer until they almost touched. Brooke tried to back away, but the wall stopped her.

"Actually, maybe you do need to apologize. For showing me your pretty, naked ass just now." She reached behind the girl and cupped her cheek before she pressed herself against Brooke's lush body. Beth pulled on Brooke's thigh and ground her panty-clad labia into the girl's leg. She whispered, "Or maybe you should apologize for not making me cum in person, for just being my masturbation fantasy."

Brooke's mind buzzed. She wanted this woman, but embarrassment confused her. The control she felt while teasing was gone like smoke in a strong wind.

"Or maybe you'll need to apologize for not letting me fuck you. That is," the older woman smirked, "unless you let me fuck you!"

Beth's mouth attacked Brooke. Lurid kisses seemed intent on devouring the tingling lips of her daughter's friend. Thin panties could not contain the steaming honey that flowed from Beth and smeared Brooke's thigh.

The suddenness of the embrace stirred mixed emotions in Brooke. She wanted it badly; wanted to be taken by this salacious woman. But it happened so fast that it startled her. One moment she teased her friend's mom. The next she was pressed against the wall, her lips mauled and her leg used. She tried to think, but when her pussy twitched out of reflex, when a few errant droplets trickled along her inner thigh, all reason dissolved.

Beth pulled away, and gasped, "You're my little girl, now, Brooke, my little cunny-slut. And you're gonna make your momma cum. A lot." The intense stare bore deep. Brooke's submissive expression gave Beth the signal she sought. Beth knew she could now do whatever she wanted. Her hands slipped the thin straps from the girl's shoulders and tugged. The dress fell and gathered at Brooke's waist.

"Oooo, pretty," Beth cooed when she saw the rings dangling from erect ebony nipples. She bent to take one in her mouth. Her tongue fluttered and played, and Brooke moaned. The involuntary mewing sound delighted Beth. She ground her labia into the firm muscle of Brooke's thigh and shuddered. Her legs clamped onto Brooke's.

"Mmmm, mmm, mmm, mmm . . . mmmmm!" Beth grunted, keeping the throbbing nipple in her mouth. A teasing mini-cum rippled through the woman, who sighed and pulled back.

"One down, and oh, so many to go," she smiled. Brooke tried to smile, too, but a predatory glint in the woman's eyes stopped her. She was unsure what was going to happen next, and it scared her. That fear, in turn, liquefied her insides. She was struck at just how incredibly horny she had become. But more than that, it surprised her how badly she wanted to please Beth.

"We're going to my bed. Now. And you're going to give me just what I want, understand, dear?"

"Yeah," Brooke breathed.

"'Yeah?' No, no, dear. Try again."

"Yeees . . .?" she whispered.

"Yes, what?"

"Yeees . . . Ma'am?"

"Mmmm, that's my good little girl," Beth praised her. Then she cupped a hand to Brooke's face and gave her lips a tender kiss. "If you do just as I say, I know you'll get so much pleasure, too." Her blue eyes sparkled. "Would you like that?"

"Oh, yeees," Brooke gasped. When Beth's eyebrows rose, she quickly added, "Ma'am."

"That's a good girl, such a good little, slutty girl." She dropped to her knees and pulled Brooke's dress off in one motion. It collected around her feet. Allison's mother knelt and thrust her face into the smooth, bare pussy. After a few expert licks and deft clit sucking Brooke was on the verge. But Beth denied her release. She stood quickly, licked her lips and ordered, "Follow me—leave your dress."

She turned and sauntered towards the bedroom, gratified to hear a small, shaky voice behind her say, "Yes, Ma'am."

Brooke's mind lurched as she padded down the hallway. She had not been overtly threatened, she had not been hurt, and yet she felt as though she was completely under the spell of this woman. Something in her young psyche had clicked. She liked being used for Beth's pleasure. She liked being naked, subservient, controlled. Being kissed, having her pierced nipple suckled and her pussy tongued were all fantastic sensations. But falling into the role of sex slave to such a beautiful, sensuous woman rocketed Brooke's excitement.

She noted the silky movement of the muscles in Beth's back. She fixated on the feminine sway of her trim hips. Her mouth watered as she gazed down to the toned thighs and calves. She imagined licking up those pretty legs—

Beth turned at the bedroom doorway. Brooke nearly ran into her, startled. She gazed up into the woman's face, into her calm, commanding eyes. The girl quickly looked at the floor.

"You may remove my panties, sweet one."

"Yes, Ma'am." Brooke knelt and reached up under the skirt. She hooked her fingers into the waistband and tugged downward.

"Not like that!" Brooke froze. That gratified Beth. "Softly," she said. "Slowly. Enjoy it."

The garment's descent resumed as a tender caress. It breezed past the thighs and slipped below the knees. She could not see Beth's slit because of the skirt. But Brooke caught the scent. The lingerie slipped into view. A large, delicious wet spot covered the crotch of the tiny undies.

Beth watched intently, enjoying the sensuous spectacle and recognizing the raw lust in her subject's face. She noticed the hesitation as Brooke realized how soaked Beth panties had become. The edges of her mouth curled.

"Suck them," she ordered.

"But . . . how?" Brooke asked. Beth had not lifted either foot; the underwear remained trapped between knees and ankles.

"You're a smart, inventive girl. I saw how you contorted yourself so you could suck Allison's nipples while you did her with a strap-on." Brooke was mortified by the graphic revelation. Mortified, and aroused. 

"Use your ingenuity," the older woman concluded.

"Yes, Ma'am."

"And dear, if we are going to fuck then you should call me 'Ms. Beth,' or 'Mistress Beth'."

"Yes. Ms. Beth." The large, dark eyes glimmered at her Mistress. They projected capitulation mixed with profound, adoring desire. Brooke leaned closer and pulled the panties closer as she stared into Beth's ice-blue eyes. The perfume of sexual essence sharpened her need. Her tongue snaked out and ran over the damp spot. Brooke moaned and clamped her lips over the fabric. She sucked greedily and it made a wispy sound, like a breeze through a screen door.

"Is that tasty, little one?"

"Yes, Mistress. It's delicious!" As if to emphasize the point, Brooke took another mouthful and moaned again.

"Good. And for being such a good girl, here's a little treat for you while you clean my panties." Beth lifter her skirt and watched with satisfaction as the girl stared at the steamy pussy. She spread her legs a little more and reached for herself. Beth's right hand parted herself as the dress dropped over Brooke's head.

"Now if you 'wash' my panties very well, I'll let you 'wash' my pussy, too."

From beneath the dress came the girl's, "Yeees . . . thank you, Mistress Beth!" Sounds of sucking resumed.

Beth played with herself. She parted the copper-colored hair, touched the outer lips and caressed the inner. She loved the slick smoothness of her vulva, and trembled at the exquisite sensations that coursed through her pelvis. She knew the young woman's eyes were focused on the action. She could practically feel them on her skin. She smiled as her forefinger and thumb pinched her hood, pulling it back and forth in autoerotic bliss.

"Mistress, I'm done with your panties. May I lick your pussy now?"

"Hmmm, let me see, my dear girl." Beth stepped out of her panties with the grace of a dancer. She stood back and Brooke emerged from beneath the skirt. Beth held out a hand and her subject placed the thin material into her palm. The woman lifted it to her nose and inhaled deeply.

"Hmmm, I still note a hint of my juices on this. But, you did a good job for your first time. Perhaps you deserve your reward now . . . ."

"Thank you, Mistress!" Brooke could not lift the skirt fast enough. But as she reached for the mature hips, Beth stopped her.

"No! Not here, dear. I want you in my bed." Her eyes made it clear that this was not negotiable. "Now!"

Brooke quickly rose and dashed into the bedroom without acknowledging the command. Beth walked in slowly, exaggerating the sway of her hips. Brooke, completely nude, sat on the edge of the bed awaiting Beth's approval. She smiled, but the predatory light deep in those blue eyes transfixed the girl.

"You forgot to say, 'Yes, Mistress,' when I told you to get into my bed. That could mean punishment—"

"Oh, no, Mistress, please . . . ."

"Well, perhaps I can overlook it this time. If you have a good reason."

"Oh, Mistress, please, it won't happen again. It just, well, I couldn't wait to, to lick your pussy. Please, let me lick it. Can I, Ms. Beth?"

"You mean this pussy?" She lifted her skirt again and traced the dripping outline of her flowing sex.

Brooke stared with longing at the trimmed triangle of straight hair surrounding reddened lips. She could see the thick nub peeking from its protective flesh. Brooke thought she would die if she did not have her mouth on it very soon.

"Oh, yeees, please, Mistress Beth, please don't make me wait any longer!"

"Lie back."

Brooke flopped onto her back. "Farther up, near the headboard," Beth directed. The girl scooted and wriggled into place. Beth smiled. She put one knee on the foot of the bed. Then the other. Beth held her skirt up to her waist and knee-walked towards Brooke's face. 

Does she realize she's panting like a dog in heat, Beth wondered.

"You're going to eat me until I tell you to stop. Understand, my sweet?"
