 Brooke II: Finding 

Allison entered the bedroom, reached for the buttons of her blouse and whispered, "Cool."

The young woman strutted as if she owned the room. She peeled off her top and short denim skirt, and circled the bed in nothing but a dampened thong. Her blue eyes flashed and her straight brunette hair steamed behind. The lean body dripped sexuality. At that moment Allison did own the room.

Her mind raced. There was so much Allison wanted to do with these women. She would have to tongue her Mother—that engorged clit was too meaty and succulent to ignore. It did not matter one bit that they were related. Allison wanted to glide together, clit-to-clit, until Beth's fat tip slipped inside her.

How would it feel to be screwed by my own Mother? She shivered at the thought.

Then there was Brooke. The young woman wanted to have Brooke take her. A nice strap-on pounding away at Allison as she lapped at some mature pussy would be a perfect finish to the evening. Or, maybe, Beth and Brooke could rub together while Allison had her head between their legs. A front row seat to that action would be fucking hot—and she could lick and suck both their slits at the same time. Allison wondered if she would taste the difference between them.

"Hi, Mom." Her voice sounded breezy. 

"Hello, darling." Beth's face broke into a sly grin. "Would you be a dear and keep this warm for me?"

The girl watched the hand stroke Brooke. Allison grinned back and nodded.

Beth rose from the bed and went for the bathroom. She exhibited all the grace of a swan. Her daughter lay down and kissed the full, soft lips. Brooke sighed and kissed back, swirling her tongue over Allison's. They could hear water running.

"So, this is hot, huh?" Allison asked. "Is she a good lay?" she whispered.

"Mmm hmm," Brooke whimpered. Her eyes closed. The caresses were keeping her very warm, indeed.

"You look so damn hot, baby!" Allison tasted the nearest nipple, all swollen and hard. When she pinched the slippery clit her friend moaned.

"I showed her some booty, to tease her a little," Brooke admitted. "Then she kinda, well, she jumped me, I guess." She opened her eyes and peered into Allison's deep blue gaze. "She even tongued my ass!"

"Really?"

"Oh, yeee-ah," she sighed again. Brooke closed her eyes once more and lay back in complete surrender.

"I liked it, too," Beth said from the doorway. Her eyes sparked. "Now, I have plans for you. Both of you."

Allison and Brooke looked at Beth's stern face, then at each other. Allison smiled.

"Is she still warm?" the woman inquired.

"Smokin' hot." Allison answered. She let her gaze travel the length of Beth's naked body. When she came to the space between Beth's legs and saw the proud nub peeping out from its neat triangle of hair, the daughter's mouth watered. She removed her hand and placed her middle finger onto the tip of her tongue. Allison's eyes never left her Mother's pussy.

"Tell me you two like what you see," Beth commanded them.

"Shit, yeah, Mom—you're hot!"

"Oh, yeees, Ms. Beth," Brooke added in unison.

"Does looking at my body get you wet?"

Allison said, "Yeah." Brooke bobbed her head. Beth felt two pairs of eyes riveted on the flesh between her legs. The wanton stares satisfied her more than their words.

"Good. Thank you, girls. It warms my heart to know that the sight of my body turns both of you on. Of course, I may need to check."

Beth leaned over and kissed Allison full on the mouth. Brooke stared. Mother and daughter tongued and sucked. Wet noises and soft moans intensified the moment.

Beth reached out for Allison. Brooke watched as the woman's sure hand found her daughter's pert breast and cupped it. Beth's forefinger and thumb circled the wrinkling areola and pinched the tiny nipple.

Allison's hand was busy, too. It strummed her Mother's toned tummy until soft fingers slid between slick lips. Beth's liquid heat was painted over her tip. Once thoroughly wet, Allison began stroking the length of Beth's clitoris. The redhead groaned into her daughter's open mouth.

All too soon they broke apart, panting, wanting. Allison turned lust-fogged blue eyes on her friend.

"Don't worry. We won't leave you out, Baby," she said. Allison eased her face between Brooke's strong, wet thighs. The tongue strokes were quite gentle. Brooke quivered, and groaned, "Oh, fuck!"

As Brooke was being eaten, Beth stroked her daughter's ass. Experienced fingers slipped lower and followed the thin cloth trail of the pink thong. She caressed Allison through the soaked fabric, enjoying the dainty pussy.

Allison moaned encouragement, and licked upward from the bottom of Brooke's streaming slit. Allison's tongue curled into her friend. The fluttering tip slithered out and up, digging into the pit of Brooke's hood to swab the throbbing bud. With the clitoris balanced on the spear of Allison's slick tongue, she pursed her lips and surrounded Brooke. Hood and all, the dark flesh disappeared into a hungry embrace.

"Oh, shit!" Brooke felt the suction like a raw heat, and the tongue vibrated and danced over swollen flesh. Beth knew her submissive was close. She pulled on the nearest nipple ring and electricity sparkled in Brooke's body.

"Oooh, shit! Ungh—Gawd!" Brooke imploded. Beth sighed and the edges of her mouth turned up just a bit. Creamy saliva seeped down Brooke's crease and between her bottom cheeks. Allison kept suckling until the over-stimulated girl pushed her away.

Allison smiled at Beth with glistening lips and a proud expression, enjoying her power to produce such an intense and rapid climax. "Wanna taste her on my tongue? You know, to see if she's turned on?"

"Yes, darling," Beth answered. She lay down next to Allison. Two nude bodies, so alike and so different, molded to one another. Mouths met in a lascivious duel of fencing tongues. Brooke lay back to watch.

For the next several minutes Beth enjoyed her daughter. A barrier had fallen away. The redhead realized she had hidden a dormant desire for months, perhaps longer. That need now flared red-hot. Her daughter had blossomed and Beth's desire to take her overpowered any lingering hesitation. Familial constraints lost out to raw sexual need.

Allison's thoughts focused on need as well, but were tinged with curiosity. She had few partners, and they were all young. The stories about being with a mature woman, a woman who knew what she wanted, a woman well versed in sex, exerted a powerful attraction. Now she might discover if it was true. And with Mom, whom she found so beautiful, so hot, so—forbidden.

They took turns nibbling down to each other's chests, suckling and nipping the sweetness of pulsing nipples. The Sapphic display stoked Brooke's smoldering arousal. Her hands played with her piercings, mimicking the caress of tongues and lips on shapely breasts.

Finally, Allison descended. Brooke became fascinated as her lover kissed the length of Beth's tummy. The tongue circled and entered the navel, eliciting giggles and squirms. Without further play, Allison nibbled through the velvety red hair. For the first time she tasted her Mother's sexual essence.

"Oh, shit, Mom. You taste so good."

"Thank you, darling."

"And I, I have to . . . oh, God, Mom!"

"Yes, dea—? Oooh! Oh, my . . . yeees! Just like that!" She sighed as her daughter's ravenous lips surrounded the shiny erection. When Beth felt the tongue stroking, loving, worshipping her, it was almost too much. Her body quivered as she tangled her fingers in Allison's shiny hair.

My darling daughter is licking me—and it's so, so wonderful, so exquisite!

Brooke's eyes went wide as she stared at Allison's face. Her friend's expression was part angel, part devil as she took the thick clitoris into her mouth. Brooke could only imagine how much more intense it had to be for Allison. Lust, fueled by the taboo of eating her Mom! That would be so hot. For just an instant Brooke wished Beth was her Mother, too.

Brooke's right hand stroked herself, duplicating every move of Allison's mouth. The submissive leaned over and began kissing Beth, who responded with a satisfied groan. Brooke's face still bore a musky scent that added to the experience. As Beth nibbled on the girl's full lips, they both sighed.

Beth gasped around the kiss in reaction to the delightful sensations flooding upward from her pelvis. Allison was so expert at pleasuring another woman and it made Beth curiously proud. She hoped to be able to watch her daughter work that same magic between Brooke's dark, full thighs before the night was through.

Brooke's left hand found one of Allison's tiny nipples. She pinched and twisted it until she heard Allison gasp, "Mmm hmmm, mmm hmmm!" Allison shifted her hips. Her slippery labia found Beth's shin and she rubbed her slit against its smooth firmness.

Oh, God! she thought. I've got Mom's clit in my mouth and I'm grinding my pussy on her leg. Shit, this's hot!

Allison tasted ambrosia and sucked hard. It was pure reflex to tug on the yielding morsel. But when the clit slipped from between the girl's wet lips Beth growled in frustration. 

Brooke pulled away from the kiss to see if she had done something wrong, and gasped at what she saw.

Beth had thickened in Allison's mouth and was now almost as big around as Brooke's middle fingertip. It looked so much like a miniature penis. Allison gazed at it for just a moment then slurped up the glistening dome. It stretched lewdly as Allison sucked it back into her mouth. The girl's lips reached Beth's labia and the torrid show continued. Allison's cheeks hollowed and her throat pulsed as she devoured her Mother.

Brooke was dying to taste Beth again, to suck and tongue and swallow her Mistress's nubbin again. To give Ms. Beth the ultimate in pleasure again. She stared at Allison with a mix of lust, jealousy, and admiration. Brooke wanted to lick Beth like that, and she wanted to lick Allison like that, too.

"Brooke, dear." Beth seemed to read the girl's mind. "Do you like watching my daughter eat me?"

"Oh, yes, Mistress. Very much!"

Allison looked into her friend's dark eyes and released the thick bud. "Mistress?"

"Yes, honey" her Mother answered. "We've reached an understanding. Brooke is now my love slave, to do with as I please. Aren't you, dear?"

Brooke stared into Allison's wide eyes, but replied to Beth. "Yes, Mistress." 

Allison appeared confused for a moment before her wet lips curved into a graceful arc.

"She'll do anything you tell her, Mom?"

"Of course."

Hearing the two women speak as though she was a sex toy to be used for their carnal pleasures made Brooke feel humiliated, excited, dirty and wanton. But she was too aroused to think about it. She needed to feel—not to think. Brooke needed sex.

"Wow," Allison breathed.

"Watch, honey. I'll show you." Beth looked at her submissive. "Brooke, I want you to suck my fat clitty until I cum in your mouth. Only the clit, understand? And make sure I cum hard, too."

"Yes, Ms. Beth. Oh, yeees." The young woman leaned over, her eyes drawn to the proud miniature stalk. It shone with saliva and cum. Allison grasped it with two delicate fingers, as if offering up a treasure. Brooke looked into her friend's smooth face as Beth moaned.

"C'mon, baby," Allison told Brooke in a breathless whisper. "Suck it." Her slim hand rolled the tip and proffered it for her friend. "Hurry! You're killing me. I have to see how it looks when you suck on it!"

Allison's eyes glowed. Brooke leaned closer. Their gaze locked as Brooke's tongue eased out and licked the head of Mistress's button. Beth shuddered and gasped at the touch. The rosy clit protruding from the trimmed carpet of matted copper-colored hair seemed to have taken on a life of its own.

"More!" Beth moaned, desperate to have her pleasure. Allison pulled the hood back to reveal the shaft. Brooke closed her lips around the head but kept her eyes fixed on Allison's. The entire clitoris disappeared into Brooke's mouth.

Time slowed. Beth loved how hot and wet the girl's mouth felt. Brooke loved how the woman's sex twitched and pulsed in her mouth. Allison loved watching as her best friend's clutching lips enveloped Mom's sex.

Allison had to move her fingers. Brooke's mouth eased lower. The base pulsed as Brooke lingered. Allison felt droplets of arousal seeping from between her lips. She squeezed her legs together and trembled in a tiny climax.

Brooke abandoned herself to the joy of giving her Mistress cunnilingus. Or, she wondered, am I giving her head? But in the next instant the details faded. She had a hot, older woman's huge clit in her mouth while the daughter, Brooke's friend and lover, looked on and—did Allison just cum? Shit, that's hot! It was all so incredible, so much more than she could have hoped for.

Brooke began to suck and lick with vigor. She slurped up and down the length and in just a few steamy minutes Beth climaxed. Juices flowed from her like magma and she cried and whimpered in fulfillment. Manicured toes curled and sculpted breasts heaved in rhythm to her body's release.

Allison pulled a leg out of her way and lapped at her Mother's soaked and convulsing pussy. Brooke's mouth worked the length of the throbbing clit. Beth's hands pressed the girls' glistening faces into her. Most women would have grown too sensitive or needed a respite. Beth only wanted more.

"That . . . was . . . good . . . Brooke," she panted. She had become aware of Allison's sweet mouth on her, too. "But now I . . . want both . . . of you . . . to suck . . . my pussy." Beth's voice hardened an iota. Still gasping, she said, "But turn around . . . first so that . . . your sweet cunts . . . are right in . . . my face, girls"

The young women repositioned as ordered. Allison pulled at her tiny thong. It moved down her legs, rolled onto itself and got stuck. Beth finished the task with a loud rip. It stung the girl's skin. In Allison's aroused state the pain felt good, nasty. Erotic.

The redhead stared lustily at each one in turn. Her beautiful daughter's slim hips framed a toned ass. Between her parted legs a tiny strip of thin, light brown hair accentuated the beauty of Allison's drooling slit. Beth longed to taste it, to find out how responsive Allison would be to an educated tonguing.

Brooke's lush figure with wide hips, succulent bottom and smooth pussy made Beth salivate, too. The dark pouting lips and meaty clit, all glistening with cum, were easily visible. The older woman could not wait much longer. Then the girls' mouths touched her and Beth gasped in satisfaction. She closed her eyes and her head lolled back into the pillows.

"Oh, God, girls, that's perfect!" she groaned. Between her legs, the two young lovers waged a battle that sandwiched the pulsing bud between them. They shared a sloppy kiss around their prize then worked it over with tongues and lips. They took turns sucking her clit as they drove Beth headlong towards another crushing explosion.

Red hair flew as her head thrashed back-and-forth. For a few moments the two girls pushed Beth right to the brink. Allison sucked on the tip and swirled her tongue around in tight, flashing circles. Brooke licked and fluttered her tongue into the fleshy hood before reaching lower. She slid along the smooth cleft and into Beth's dripping pussy.

Eyes on fire, Beth stopped caressing the girls. Her hands moved from the two flexing bottoms to the pretty, splayed labia. Long fingers eased in and both girls gasped in unison. Allison's hips pumped and pushed back onto the digits until they seated firmly inside her. Brooke shuddered, jerked and clutched at the invaders. Brooke moaned into her Mistress's vulva as her cream ran down Beth's arm.

But Beth was not finished. She pumped at her lovers—two fingers in Allison and three in Brooke. Her thumbs diddled their hardened nubs. Mature fingertips pressed into the rougher pads of each girl's g-spot, and her long nails scratched a bit at them. But both girls welcomed the pleasure-pain. Their gasps and groans thrummed in Beth's responsive sex.

"Mmmm, girls, that feels wonderful."

Brooke mumbled a quick, "Thank you Mistress," before she stole the fat clit from Allison. Allison made up for it by assaulting Brooke's mouth, trapping Beth's appendage between them once more. Beth already adored having these two for her own. The thought made her smile to herself.

The redhead could tell that her girls were rapidly approaching their peaks. She wanted them to cum hard. Beth's kept thrusting, kept stroking their tips, kept brushing their g-spots. 

Allison tore her mouth free and cried, "Damn, Mom! I'm . . . going . . . to . . . . Ooohshiiit!"

She climaxed on her Mother's hand. Allison rode the wave of pleasure across its broad crest. She ebbed down a small trough and rose into another toe-curling orgasm. Random gasps made it difficult for her to catch her breath. 

Brooke was overloaded with stimulation. She had filled her mouth with the most incredible bit of womanhood she ever tasted. Her best friend erupted in orgasm right beside her. It was more than she could stand. Brooke squealed around her mouthful, and her heavy thighs crushed down hard on Beth's hand. Several pulses seeped from the girl's turgid pussy.

The noise caused Allison's blue eyes to flash open. She fixed her friend with a lust-glazed stare. But Brooke was locked in her own cum as she sucked on Beth's long clitoris. Allison shoved her face into her Mother's cleft and sucked hard on the slick skin. One fat lip slid into her mouth. The flavor and scent propelled the girl deeper into fulfillment. Fluid ran from her pussy, too, and down Beth's other arm.

"That's it!" she praised them. "That's how I want my girls to cum for me! And keep sucking my cunt and clit, too, girls. It will . . . ohhh . . . make your . . . ahhh . . . own cu— Oooh . . . oooh . . . Ooohfuuuck!" Beth forgot her manners as she achieved her own moment.

Two creamy pussies pulsed in her hands. Two ravenous mouths devoured her. Beth's nipples had grown so hard she thought they might burst. She felt the erect tip of her daughter's breast in one side while Brooke's fat, pierced nipples pressed into the other. It was everything she desired.

Allison caught the brunt of her Mother's climax. The woman's body tensed and gushes burst from her depths. Beth coated her daughter's face and soaked the light brown hair. Allison's surprise faded and she struggled to catch as much as she could. The continued thrusting of Mother's fingers made Allison orgasm yet again.

Brooke had not been on the sexual roller coaster ride with Allison. Instead, her hard cum just kept intensifying. Her body shuddered and her broad hips humped back-and-forth in an effort to extract every ounce of pleasure. She somehow kept Beth's clit firmly in her mouth. It throbbed and pulsed against her tongue, just like a tiny cock in the throes of climax. Brooke half expected the swollen tip to spurt, too.

Slowly, raggedly, the trio melted into a puddle of sweaty limbs and shivering bodies. The room hung heavy with female musk. The music of sighs and groans played in their ears. Allison opened her eyes and saw Brooke's dreamy smile. She leaned over and kissed her friend, sharing the taste of Beth between them. 

Beth watched them kiss. The sight of lips and tongues exploring each other's mouths, their faces poised just above Beth's coppery triangle and visible clitoris, was so erotic. The fact that they were both still flushed and breathing deeply made it even better. This was the paragon of erotic expression. Beth's need reawakened.
