 In a small and dimly lit living room thick with the odor of weed, alcohol, and the ever so present stench of body funk, a deep bass belted from a stereo system and rumbled the floor beneath the feet of a group of teenagers. However, to them, the music itself sounded so far away and distant despite being incredibly jarring, like everything else in the room. Being high could do that to you. 

A bong was being passed around amongst the circle of glossy eyed young adults and as it reached Gwen's hands, she took a long and savory hit. She leaned back against the couch's legs while sat on the floor and exhaled the slow stream of smoke from her mouth. She was at a house party, held by a friend of a friend, for what was it again? Somebody's birthday?

Regardless, Gwen didn't care. She didn't have to know the people around her or the special occasion it was all for for her to enjoy herself. She passed the bong along and sat with her legs outstretched in front of her as she relished in her high. 

Gwen had come with friends, although reluctantly, but at the moment, they were nowhere in sight. Things like that usually happened at trashy parties like this one, and Gwen had been to enough parties to expect her friends to split once they arrived. But the glazed over faces of her peers weren't all complete strangers. She recognized classmates, mutual buddies, and familiar looking people. 

To the right of her was Joey, the football guy who she'd known since the end of last year. They shared a few classes and were cool with each other, but that was it. Gwen rolled her head and glanced over to her left. A few people down, draped over a velvet footstool, was Roxanne, the perky blonde in the cheer squad. Gwen didn't really care for the somewhat petty girl, but she could definitely hold down a joint. She was especially good at keeping it in until the next round.

The music boomed again and Gwen snuggled herself deeper into the couch behind her; riding her high to the beat of the music. She listened absentmindedly as the others in the circle chatted idly amongst themselves. Gossip, shit-talk, rumors, and personal stories. Nothing that mattered. 

Gwen was a senior in high school, 18 to be specific, but even as she was reaching the end of her wasted youth, she realized that she'd never really belonged to any one clique. She hung out with the so called "popular" kids, but she also had friends in the geeks, honor students, and every other labeled crowd in her school. In short, Gwen was well liked among her peers. But she was still just another drop in the ocean. 

The bong finally reached her again and she wedged it in her lap. Sweeping her black hair away from her face, she placed her lips on the mouthpiece and inhaled. The gurgling sound of the water in the bong bubbled noisily as she sucked in and then along she passed again to the next sucker. 

Gwen's hair was a bit messy and unkept - giving her that reckless rebel look - and was parted like an angry tidal wave, up and over, to the right of her face. She licked at her pouty lips and rubbed her nose; sniffing a bit. A nose ring hugged her left nostril. Not as noticeable were her small faded freckles that peppered across the bridge of her nose and cheeks. And above them laid the most vibrant set of blue eyes. They were the color of spring water. Gwen was a pretty girl, anyone who saw her would generally agree. 

But, as apparent from her appearance, or lack thereof, she really didn't give a fuck about what she looked like or, better yet, what others thought of her. That type of attitude tended to get her into frequent trouble with people, but more often than not, they'd never amount to anything serious because she was a pacifist at heart. 

Now, there were a lot of noises coming from every part of the house as expected from a party of this caliber. And from the deafening bass of the music in the living room, it would've been entirely possible to miss the screaming and shouting that'd ensued in another part of the house, just ahead of Gwen. Possible, but not quite. Gwen's ears perked at the sound and she rose her head. She peered over the shoulders of the other party goers blocking her view from what was probably a fight going on. 

Suddenly, a girl shoved her way through the dense crowd but only took a few steps before being roughly grabbed by the arm and jerked back by another, taller, girl. Gwen sat up straighter and curiously watched the scene unfold. No one else seemed to notice or care about the struggle going on between them. 

The smaller girl looked angry as she tried to free herself from the taller girl's grip. Finally, Gwen realized who the girls were. They were Victoria and Evelyn. She'd seen them a couple of times in school and at other parties so knew they were dating. She guessed they were having a couples quarrel and watched as Evelyn, the brunette, pushed at Victoria rather harshly before turning around to leave. 

It was obvious that Victoria, the dirty blonde, was drunk by the way she swayed and slurred. She snatched Evelyn's waist and squeezed the girl tight to her; preventing her from escaping. For seconds, they struggled in the hallway, nearly wrestling with each other. Victoria tried to lean in for a kiss which duly prompted Evelyn to turn away and pry at the strong arms latched onto her. However, the taller girl was clearly the stronger one of the pair. 

With every second, the situation grew more alarming and Gwen wasn't liking what she saw. She nudged Joey. "Hey, shouldn't we do something about that?" 

The red-faced jock glanced in the two girls direction and watched for a few seconds before giving a sleazy smile. "What for? It's just Victoria with her girl."

"Yeah, but it doesn't look like Evelyn wants to be with Victoria right now." Gwen fired back. 

Joey chuckled, somehow finding amusement in that. "They're just chicks, man. Nothing's gonna happen." 

Gwen turned back around, her worries a little abated, and continued to watch them. Victoria was whispering in Evelyn's ear - or more likely so fucking drunk she was trying to lean on her face to keep her balance - while she hung onto the girls hips and lower back with a hard grip. Evelyn was still trying to fight her off, uttering words to her that fell short of Gwen's ears, but to no avail, and when she pushed at the blonde a second time, Victoria snapped. 

Suddenly, she grabbed Evelyn by the back of the neck and shoved the girl against a wall by the front of her shirt. The look of shock and terror was all Gwen could see on Evelyn's face as she cowered beneath her. Victoria leaned in close again until she was practically laying herself on top of her, and with a leg between the girl's thighs, was saying something to Evelyn that made her visibly quiver. 

Joey wolf whistled. "Damn, that's hot! Evelyn's gonna get it later!" He howled. 

That was enough. Gwen rose from the floor and stalked over to the girls.

"Victoria, get off of me," Evelyn whimpered viciously, her conviction withering. The initial shock of Victoria's violence had shaken her and she was struggling to gain back her courage, "I don't want to be here, anymore. Let me go." 

"Baby, how many times do I have to tell you? After I'm done, we can leave. You can't wait one fuckin' minute?" Victoria snarled, tightening her grip on Evelyn's neck.

Evelyn slapped away at Victoria's hand on her and pushed at her chest; stumbling the blonde backwards. She'd had enough of her girlfriend's ridiculous demands. "Yes, I can't. You're being a fucking bitch and you're drunk. You're always like this when you're drunk. I'm leaving. Don't call me." 

Victoria scoffed, "yerr not leavin'. Yer gonna stay right where I want you." She grabbed Evelyn's wrists and pinned them down her sides against the wall. "And when I'm done havin' fun, then we can go. You and me. And when we get home, I'll make it up to you, ok?" She tapped her forehead against Evelyn's and nudged her lips on the girl's cheek; nearly missing her mouth as she turned away. 

"You think I'm going home with you after this? I don't even want to see you, right now. You humiliated me in there. Bragging off, talking about me like I'm some kind of bitch of yours. Does it make you feel tough? Huh? Demeaning me like that in front of all our friends?" Evelyn snapped.

"Babe, I'm sorry, ok? It was just a joke. Don't fuckin' go." 

"I'm going home, Victoria," Evelyn said matter-of-factly as she shook her hands from the blonde's grip, "enjoy your party."

She turned around again and started to walk away, but Victoria had other ideas. She didn't think their conversation was over. She grasped Evelyn by the wrists again and whirled her around before slamming her into the wall. "I said yer not fuckin' leaving." Her hand went up into Evelyn's hair and gripped the coffee brown locks; causing the brunette to yelp in pain. 

Suddenly, however, Victoria's hand was pulled away and she stumbled a bit as she continued to be pulled. The grip on her wrist was firm and tight and she turned around to see who the hell in their right minds thought they had the guts to mess with her. 

"Leave her alone, Victoria," Gwen was in her face, calm and composed, but admittedly still a little high. "You're drunk. Sit down and sober up before you do something stupid." 

Victoria scrunched up her nose and rose the corner of her mouth in an ornery snarl, "who the fuck'r you? Stay the fuck outta this." She yanked her hand but Gwen's hold on her was steadfast. Being as disorientated as she was, there was no way she was gonna break herself from her grip. Gwen glanced over to Evelyn who was slightly slumped against the wall, watching them with cautious eyes, and mouthed for her to leave. The moment was quick and fleeting and very urgent, so perhaps it shouldn't have been a surprise that Evelyn bolted out of there without uttering a single word of thanks to the girl who'd just saved her. Gwen definitely didn't care and even if she did, it wouldn't have been necessary. 

The small brunette slipped away from them without a word and Victoria lurched forward, trying to go after her, but was held back once more by Gwen. She turned around and glared at her. "Yer gonna regret fuckin' with me, bitch. You've got 'nother thing comin' if you think I won't remember this." Viciously, she yanked her hand again, and this time, Gwen allowed it. Slowly, she retreated backwards, her mean blue eyes rigid in a scowl as she stared Gwen down. 

It didn't matter if she did remember or not, Gwen was unfazed. Maybe it was the weed talking, but she couldn't have cared less about the blondie's threats. Regardless of who they came from and whether they were empty or loaded ones, Gwen knew herself more than anyone, she wasn't afraid of anything. She walked back to her place on the floor and continued the bong merry-go-round. By the end of the night, she was so up in the clouds that she'd forgotten the whole thing. 

Meanwhile, Victoria was seething. The drinks and drugs, endless as they came, did nothing to quell her anger at being alone that night and at the bitch who made it that way. She'd remember her, that gutter rat bitch, that was for certain. 

Gwen slammed her rickety locker shut and tousled her sable hair which fell down to her breasts. A groups of friends surrounded her as they talked about various things: boyfriends, girlfriends, parties, schoolwork, the same nonsense. Gwen liked her friends, the close ones meant the world to her. She may not have seemed like it, under all her indifference, but she could be sentimental. 

However, she'd never been a big fan of catching up with the gossip and oh did her friends love gossip. At the moment, they were talking about the party the other night. 

"Fuck Brandon! He's such a dick. I swear he was down every chicks throat that night. The boy's got no shame." Paige scoffed.

"I can't believe his girlfriend hasn't dumped his ass, yet." Janet replied. 

"Oh, speaking of, did you guys hear about what happened with Evelyn and Victoria that night? Apparently, they got into a fight and Evelyn walked out and went home without Victoria." Gabrielle interrupted. 

Gwen's ears perked at the comment. It was strange, but for some reason, a mild recollection of the incident tickled her mind, and then it clicked. Memories flooded in as she remembered getting between the couple and Victoria getting angry at her. More vividly and quite oddly, she remembered Evelyn. Specifically her face and the way she looked at her with those round and intense brown eyes when she was up against that wall. It was as if she was telling her she shouldn't have stepped in. Gwen cocked her head and shook away the thought; deciding not to bring it up with her friends. 

"I wouldn't be surprised if Evelyn ever broke up with her." Paige rolled her eyes. 

Gwen turned to her friend curiously. "Why's that?" 

"Because," Paige shrugged, "Victoria's kind of a bitch. She's got like, anger issues, or something. And a bloated ego. I mean yeah, the girl's hot but still. Lately, they've been fighting even more because of it. I don't even know what Evelyn sees in her. I guess it's that whole delusion that she can turn a bad apple into a sweet tart."

The girls rambled on, the subjects changing from one thing to another like the wind, but for some reason, Gwen was still stuck on Evelyn and Victoria. She rose her brows, piqued by the little dirt on the blonde. Whatever it was, it was best not poke into the matter further, she thought. She'd no place in their relationship or whatever good or bad that transpired between them. 

"Woah, speak of the devil." Gabrielle murmured. 

Gwen glanced in the gestured direction and watched with mild interest as Evelyn and Veronica entered the school hallway. They were holding hands and laughing with each other, seemingly happy and in love as though all that prior talk about their straining relationship had been lies. She watched as Veronica stopped and pulled Evelyn in by the waist and leaned her against the lockers. They were flirting and laughing, their faces inches within each others, and then Victoria was kissing her and Evelyn back. 

"Looks like they made up," Gwen mused. 

Then they were on the move again, and strolled their way down the hall, towards Gwen and her friends. What happened next was quite odd. A thing of silent exchange - of transparency - that only Gwen was supposed to receive. It was apparent they recognized her, that much could be given. 

She'd never felt a more intense and deliberate moment than in that instant. It was as if time had slowed as they passed. 

Evelyn saw her first and shifted her gaze towards the dark aura beauty. Her stare was steady and a bit cold. The look on her face was a thing of wonder. It wasn't disdain or even abhor that creased the corners of her eyes and rung her lips tight. Gwen wasn't sure what it was, but there was a word that did come to mind as she stared at the brunette: warning. 

Then there was Victoria. Her expression was much simpler. The short haired blonde glared at Gwen with malice and livid vengeance. Clearly, the girl hadn't forgotten, after all. 

And then the moment was gone - the invisible tension released as they walked on by. It was as if the air in the room had returned and the grays had burned away with color again. Gwen watched them as they disappeared into the crowd; confused and a bit impressed at their blatant behavior. Her friends had obviously noticed the weird animosity and proceeded to bombard her with a volley of what-the-fucks. But even if she could explain what happened, it wouldn't have changed a thing. 

They saw her, in every sense of the word. She was no longer just a drop in the ocean. 

There wasn't much about the couple that Gwen knew of, and frankly, she really didn't care. All she knew was that they'd been together for awhile. Although, they did have a fairly interesting reputation at school. 

As a couple, they were known to be sexy and alluring. People envied their relationship - or what they could see of it. They were together most of the time, consequently coming and going as a pair, and they were never shy to express their intimacy.

As individuals, Gwen was even more clueless. 

Racking her brains, she concluded that Victoria was an outgoing girl. She'd always catch her at parties and hang-outs or even at fucking raves and clubs. As for what she was like, well, considering the other night had been there first and only encounter, Gwen thought Victoria could be a bit of a domineering bitch. And, if what her friends were saying were true, the girl also had a temper. However, she did know for certain that Victoria was smart, an honor student actually, and probably on her way to Valedictorian. Smart and smug, not a great combination. 

As for Evelyn, Gwen really had no idea, which was funny, because they did share a class with one another: English. She'd never talked to the brunette before, mainly because they sat across the room from one another and never strayed from their own circle of friends. If Gwen had to say something about the girl though, it was that she was quite mysterious in a way. 

Her grades were average but she didn't seem like the type that was interested in school, anyways. And like Victoria, she hung out with the popular crowd. Yet, somehow, Gwen had always thought that the somewhat aloof girl never seemed to fit in with them. She was different - separated from the rest. For someone so reserved as her, it was indeed a very interesting question as to why she was dating Victoria. 

English class was Gwen's sixth period. It lasted, for the most part, exactly one hour and a half and had a capacity of 30 students in total. At the moment, Gwen was heading there. The bell rang, letting everyone know class was about to begin, and Gwen was just rounding the corner when she heard familiar voices. 

She stopped short from the intersection and retreated against the wall, recognizing Evelyn and Victoria. They were all over each other, as couples always are, and were saying something. After the weird silent voodoo shit that morning, Gwen wasn't really up for the idea of passing by them at the moment. 

"I'm sorry again about that night, babe. You know I didn't mean what I said." Victoria murmured as she kissed Evelyn's cheek. 

"Yeah, I know," the smaller girl nodded as she played with Victoria's hair, "I forgive you. But don't ever drink like that, again. Understand?" 

"Of course," Victoria promised amidst kisses on Evelyn's face. But then she stopped for a moment and furrowed her brows. "You know I wouldn't have hurt you, right? You know I wouldn't have done it. I was just...drunk."

Evelyn paused and bit her lip. It was fleeting and so subtle, but Gwen could sense a hesitant stillness in her silence. She let out a breath and smiled at her lover. "I know you love me and that you regret what happened. And you've made up for it, that's what matters."

Victoria smiled, seemingly happy with her answer, but then her expression went sour again as she recalled something. "That fucking bitch must be feeling proud of herself. She looked at me as if I was the bad guy, you know? That judgmental look. You know what? I bet she has a thing for you."

"I don't even know her." Evelyn interrupted. Well, she wasn't lying, Gwen thought. 

Victoria continued her rant nevertheless, almost to herself, "yeah, I bet that bitch wanted to fuck your brains out. I've seen her before. She's a nobody, the type you just forget because they're nothing. And she thought she could try me? The fucking nerve. She needs to know she can't fuck with me and get away with it." 

Victoria's rage boiled with every word and Evelyn had to cup her face and force the girl to look at her for her to calm down. It shocked her when she got like this. The amount of fury within her that reared it's head so viciously scared her. It was like she didn't even know who she was anymore. 
