 Here we go again, yet another week of educational Nursing Management courses. Long days of boredom sitting in an auditorium, lectured to by the unknown and frequently disinterested, their words monotonously echoing in the minds of an audience, equally unknown and definitely disinterested, here only because we had been sent by our hierarchy to absorb the progression of Healthcare Administration whether we wanted to or not, the latter being the group in which I was steadfastly committed. 

Only two months ago that I had been attending a somewhat similar program in Southampton and that week had almost driven me insane. For five long days one was spoken to by a chain of lecturers all of whom delivered their diatribe presentations in a sleep inducing monotone using overloaded and boring Power Points which, to those of us poor schmucks who had to follow them, very soon became a hypnotically sleep inducing blur. End result: We were so bored that we simply switched our minds off and played tic-tac-toe in order to pass the time until lunch! 

"Please, please, let this week prove to be more constructive than the torture so recently endured in Southampton!"

The one shining portal of hope was that this course was in Edinburgh, Scotland, and was to take place in the Conference Centre, a great venue and only a five minute drive from my hotel accommodations. With such a venue, with such a wonderful place to stay, I had decided to fly up from Stanstead on the Saturday morning and enjoy the city over the weekend before getting down to work on Monday. 

Baggage weighed and checked in, I was moving through the winding chicane of passage through Security when I could not help but notice a woman some twenty people ahead of me... I guessed she must be about my age; tall, slender, shimmering brunette shoulder length hair that was styled in such a way that it drew one into her face, at which point one found oneself swallowed up in a pair of emerald green eyes that just sparkled. It was difficult to look away, I knew I must but I could just not stop myself. She was stunningly beautiful, and her attire emphasized every curve, every feature. Try as I may, my eyes were constantly drawn back to her. A light green loosely wrapped, and deeply "V" necked cashmere sweater magnetically drew ones eyes downward. I found myself biting my lip at the glimpse of cleavage betwixt a breast line that had my thoughts reeling as I imagined the form of the nipples hidden from my view... As my eyes descended the shape of her waistline aloft a derriere that just seemed, to my lusting review, nothing short of majestic! My mouth went dry as I admired her legs... 

"ID and Boarding Pass!" 

The words jumped out at me from the Security Officer. So immersed was I in the vision of this gorgeous stranger I had become oblivious to my position in line, and to make matters worse, as I fumbled for my Driving License, I dropped my handbag and was unceremoniously scrambling for my purse and makeup now forlornly scattered to the floor. Standing I, for a fleeting moment saw this Goddess smiling back at me, but by the time I had recovered everything and had traversed through the screening process, she had gone. One can wish but the chance of meeting again was more remote than anyone could hope for. My last two glimpses of her were firstly as she passed by my First Class seat moving toward the rear of the aircraft at boarding, her short leather skirt framing that amazing body that caused me to tingle with goosebumps. The second, a teasingly brief glimpse of her at the Baggage Claim. I had moved slowly toward her, hoping to perhaps enter into a casual conversation; her suitcase appeared and in an instant she was gone... All I could do was watch her walk away and out of my life for ever. 

Settled in my Hotel room I went to explore the hotel dining facilities; being early evening a nice meal would be most welcome after the meager pretzels endured on the flight. Sitting at the bar I was enjoying a nice G & T, when I almost choked... It was her! 'Emerald Eyes' just walked into the bar, as I quickly turned away my purse fell from my lap and for the second time today, there I was scrambling on the floor picking up my bits and pieces. As I reached for my compact, a pair of high heels appeared in my line of site, followed by a pair of bent knees, then a hand opened to disclose an errant lipstick which had rolled away. Looking up, there were those wondrous eyes...

Swallowing hard I stammered out an embarrassed thank you, "I seem to be making a habit of this today." 

With a smile that enveloped you, a soft whispering voice jokingly replied: "Yes, I seem to recall you being in this position back at Stanstead today!"

"Oh were you on the same flight?" 

With a wry smile, Emerald eyes responded; "Yes, but not First Class, as you were!" 

In a vain attempt to break away from this line of conversation I asked: "Can I buy you a drink?"

Thus began an evening of enjoyable conversation. Her name was Francesca and, low and behold, was also a Operating Theatre Nurse Manager, and here to attend the same conference as I. I was just beginning to feel that the conversation was moving toward a more personal level of inquisitiveness when we were suddenly joined by two of her colleagues: 

"Fran, there you are, we rang the room but you were gone, oh excuse me, sorry to interrupt!" 

Fran introduced me to her colleagues and the conversation turned, boringly so, toward work and the upcoming conference. I couldn't help thinking how quickly and how much this chance meeting had now turned into an opportunity lost. Yes, we had few laughs throughout dinner, it was exciting to be in her company, however, it was also sensually frustrating to have this amazing woman, this amazing body, so close but yet so far away. 

Dinner over, as Fran and her colleagues moved to the bar I took my leave... I needed to be alone, I needed relief; sensual relief; I needed the opportunity to masturbate with the fantasy of her in my bed, a fantasy drawn from a fleeting touch of her breast against my arm as she had moved into her seat when we sat down to dinner! So immersed was I in my thoughts, I had not noticed that the lift I got into was going down. It was not until the doors had closed that I realised what I had done. so I went along for the ride, as it ascended it once again stopped at the Ground Floor level. My heart skipped a beat as Fran entered, somewhat surprised to see me, 

"Oh, I thought you had gone up?"

"Yes, that's what I thought, the lift had other ideas and took me on an excursion to the basement!" 

We laughed as Fran inquired "Floor?"

"Five, thanks."

"Oh, me too!"

Searching for a way to not keep looking at her breasts I tried to distract myself with conversation. 

"Your colleagues seem nice, have you worked together for long?"

Fran's smile filled the lift: 

"No not really, I only took up this position three months ago, Anne and Cecile are two of my Specialty Managers..."

The lift came to a stop and we both turned in the same direction along the corridor:

"Well, this is me" 

I laughed as I slipped my key into the slot of the door immediately opposite:

"Ha ha, me too. Good night... Oh... How about breakfast together, say about 0830?"

"Great; night!'

Great night, as I entered my room I wished that it could have been... I fell onto my bed, my hands squeezing into the sheets as I repeated those words: 

"Great night, oh fuck I wish it could have been!"

Wearing my nightdress, I sat at the dresser, my mind seeing those emerald eyes as I removed my makeup. Just about to climb into bed, the unexpected and shrill ring of the bedside phone made me jump! My heart bounded in my chest as I heard Fran's voice: 

"You up for a nightcap?"

"Love to, but I am in my nightie and just climbed into bed, but give me five and I'll meet you in the Bar"

"No, I meant in my room, I have a bottle of wine, or we can invade the wet-bar, what-a-you-say?"

My mind spun, damn it girl, don't miss this opportunity, I quickly continued!

"Oh what the hell... Open your door and if the corridor is clear - I'll trip the light fantastic in my nightie, ha, ha" 

Key in hand, I checked the security spy hole in the door, saw Fran leaning out and looking along the corridor, as I opened my door she gave me the all clear and in a flash I was in her room. 

"Well done, you skip really well!"

We laughed, thinking of how the dash must have been a real spectacle to anyone who might seen it! Fran went on:

"Is it me or is really warm in here?"

"Yes it is a little."

OMG, she removed her housecoat, revealing a green, multi-layered, yet sheer silken negligee that matched her eyes to a 'T.' Faint, seemingly distant shadows of her shape were teasingly exposed; fleeting glimpses of her form within the confines of the material instantly turned my mouth dessert dry! Turning away I was furiously trying to lick saliva back into my mouth as I inquired: 

"So what do we have for that nightcap?"

"Well I thought we could start with something sweet"

As I turned to face her, her hands moved to my waist, and in the blurred distance of my mind I heard her say:

"Something really sweet; something like this!" 

In that moment her face moved close; her mouth opened; her lips sealed onto mine; urgent; holding. Tongue delved into my overwhelmed yet eagerly open mouth. Damn it all, I had thought such a moment for hours today and here it was, my fantasy coming true. Without a second thought I knew for an absolute certainty that there was no fucking way I was going to hold back now! It was a lasting kiss of need, given and received. It was a kiss that said I want your body raw and naked against mine. It was kiss of devouring lesbian lust and I relished in its veracity and abandon!

Lips melted together, hands moved over bodies, touching, exploring. Tongues moved to gain advantage over the other as legs carried us both toward the bed. Momentarily the kiss parted and we held each others eyes as we scrambled to divest the other of clothing... Naked breasts touched, fingers glided softly over smooth skin, then pulling close, bodies met again, joining with ever increasing ardour as the kiss of lust was resumed. This was no tentative seduction of two demure women meeting for the first time, no fucking way! This was a grasping, manipulating intensity of knowing that one was going to fuck the other, fast and furious, with the wantonness of pure lust... So be it!! 

Our mouths never parted as we sat and then lay back on her bed... The odour of feminine musk was filling the air even now as our bodies rolled and writhed on each other. Each vying for supremacy of position, no quarter given or taken as this kiss of glory held us tight, locked in an outpouring of physical need. Just as I thought I could move across her; Fran pulled me to the side and in a trice was straddled across my crotch... No wonder the air was full of musk. As her pussy settled on my Mons her juices were already cascading over me, oozing over my mound and then down into the angles of my groins as she writhed above me!

Breaking the kiss we almost simultaneously exclaimed: "Fuck me!" We rolled to align ourselves, re-positioning cunt to cunt! I was as wet as she as our bodies moved one to the other; two wet slits coming together; two clits gliding and grinding the other to that peak of extreme sensual delight... Each reaching for the others body, to hold flesh, to squeeze tits and nipples in a veracious torrent of activity to somehow do everything possible in a single moment... Without warning I was flooded with sensations, forcing me to exclaim: 

"Oh, fuckkkk, Fran I'm cumming, I'm cumming!"

It must have been that exclamation that brought about our mutual orgasm. Fran ground harder against me; I felt and saw her entire body chill and momentarily freeze in company with my own as we poured out our inner throws of amazing, juice flowing electric slide of lust driven orgasm... My body seemed to be floating above the wet sheets of that bed as the crescendo of climax slowly dissipated. Soon we were lying side by side, each with a thigh between the legs of the other, immersed once again in a wet saliva filled kiss of tongue delving desire for the others physical love. 

No words were spoken, we both knew the need of the other as our bodies moved to and fro against the other, each holding and caressing the others tits as we kissed every part of the others mouth, face and neck... In a moment of submission I lay back; Fran moved down and I felt the hot wet warmth of her lips encircle first one, then the other areolar. Sucking and nipping on my nipples in a way only another woman understands... 

I murmured in satisfied pleasure of all I was feeling.

"Mmmm, I love it" 

"I want you, I need the taste of you"

Once again we were moving to match the other... Each with our mouth to the others pussy in a glorious sixty-nine of tongue relieving ecstasy. I on top, Fran beneath me as my hands circled around and under her thighs, my fingers reaching to and opening wide the Labial folds of her pussy, laying her wide for my mouth, my tongue as deep as I could get into the introitus of her cunt. Fran matching my every move from below... Each still gloriously wet from our scissor fuck, the wet slurping sounds of desire filling our ears... I was insatiable for the need of her mouth on me... I was insatiable for the taste and excitement of her on my lips and on my tongue. Tongue fucking her cunt; slithering up and down her slit; my lips encircling her clit, the tip of my tongue caressing it slowly to into engorged fullness of exposure from its diaphanous cowl of protection. 

"Oh Aimie fuck me again!"

The words were exciting and stimulating, no further encouragement was needed: 

"Oh baby, oh yes!"

Once again we manipulated ourselves one to the other, the scissor grinding of two cunts once more together. Each of us partially sitting and reaching out in mutual touch and greedily rampant kisses as our pussies joined together mingled in lust. The absolute delight of sensuousness flowing freely between us in that loving need to give and receive pleasure. Squeezing her tits I wanted to suck her darkened and turgid nipples but our position teasingly kept me just that small fraction of distance from her... I would have to wait and just at this moment, I didn't care... I was cumming... My entire sensory nervous system was charging itself up into a electric coil of high tension wire; coiled for that moment when it would be veraciously released in an explosion of supercharged neurons, every nerve ending spontaneously peaking and delivering unto me a lightning strike of inner sensations the like of which, to this extreme, I had never ever experienced or even known to exist! 

Fran absolutely rose to the occasion, sensing what was about to happen to me she selflessly gave of herself and presented unto me the orgasmic equivalent of a volcanic eruption! My entire being tensed, my toes tingled and the texture of my entire body surface was immersed in goosebumps as I screamed out the release of sensual tension that had ambushed my mind and my body... 

"Oh FUUUUUCK!"

My body shook with the emotion of the moment... My pussy creamed with cum more than I had ever before produced and I could no longer support myself... I fell to the bed, my hands rubbing against my abdomen and then to my tits as I squeezed and pinched to feel sensation as this charge began to release its grip of me! 

"Holy shit!" 

I exclaimed as to my surprise I felt Fran between my legs, her mouth encompassing my entire Labia; now she was biting my Majora, the sensation sending a shivering, delightful shockwave to every fold of my pussy... Tongue fluttered within the soaking wetness of my slit... Up and down, up and down, my pelvis in her grip, her hands beneath my thighs and grasping the cheeks of my ass as she pulled me harder and harder to her face, tongue fucking once again deep within the introitus of my cunt... My body twisting and moving against this amazing invasion. My pelvis rising and falling from the bed, wanton and taking... With a slow release of pressure within me her mouth moved to my clit, encircling; spasmodically sucking and releasing. I was in heaven, the sensations pure ecstasy, but it was not all I was to experience... Feeling as I was the pulsating surges of her mouth and her tongue upon me I now felt her finger push roughly not only into my cunt but also into my ass, as she sucked me to and fro her hand was, with ever increasing verve, fucking into me and I brazenly opened my legs wider and wider, I wanted it all, I wanted it hard, I wanted to be taken!!

Once again I could no longer hold back all that I was feeling and my body surged yet again into overwhelming orgasm; orgasm from which was now emerging the closest experience to squirting as I have ever known... Pussy juice simply seemed to flow and flow; flooding from within and throughout this entire episode of lust Fran stayed in her place. I could hear the sounds of her mouth slurping over me and I loved every sound, every movement of her excursion within the portals of my pussy... Fran licked, kissed and drank from me, never moving until she was totally satisfied of my transition to a state of rest and quiet repose. As she moved back to me she momentarily suckled each of my breasts before melting her lips to mine, her face wet from my cunt, the taste of myself in her kisses before lying to my side and cuddling me close within the folds of her arms. 

A quiet "Whew" was all she could muster...

Now quiet, rested and comfortable in her arms, my eyes, seemingly for the first time took in the beauty of this woman's body. Fran's naked body was everything I had imagined it to be over these past hours. My lips and my fingers were beginning to take on that exciting feeling of anticipation as I now reached out and began to stroke and caress. For the past hour we had been attacking each other with the veracious intensity of lust driven raw sex, all occasioned, from what I was later to learn, from a mutual physical attraction right from the Stanstead Airport! 

I was spellbound by all that was lying at my side, the body and person whom, for all that had gone before had dominated our sexual encounter. Unusual for me, for it is I who is usually the dominant partner in bed. But in this moment all I wanted to do was admire and enjoy the visual and physical exploration of this magnificent beautiful woman with whom I was so unexpectedly sharing a bed and fulfilling a fantasy. 

It was now my time, I wanted to take and experience every portion of this woman, to fulfill this surge of gentle need to caress, to stroke, to softly touch, to kiss and to admire every portion of her, I wanted to inhale and devour her every essence... I wanted control, yes that would happen, but right now, I held a tender need to look upon, to touch and research this beautiful woman and to quietly take my fill of all that was within my grasp! 

My composure regained, with Fran lying on her back I lifted myself up to lean on one elbow. My eyes drifted across her and I felt a shiver of excitement traverse down my spine. Placing a hand on her cheek I moved slowly in, our eyes holding each other as I glided my lips across hers. Mouths slowly opened and lips melted together in a gentle touch of acceptance. The thought went through my mind that it was almost as though Fran understood, or maybe, like myself, felt the same need for these moments of soft, caring attention.

Caressing lips and tongues came together, each adoring the cyclic experience of one to the other. At one moment I felt the need to press harder to bite the lips so lovingly offered, but I fought the sensation off knowing how much I would lose by allowing lust to take command... I need to know every part of her before that inevitable moment was to arrive! Drawing back, my lips explored her eyes, her forehead, ears and the long slender neck offered for my pleasure. Oh so slowly my kisses moved across her shoulders, then to her throat before moving slowly, softly down to the warm glowing touch of her cleavage... Once again I felt that inner surge to rush... Once again I stifled and controlled it... 
