 I’m what has been described as a handsome butch dyke and proud of it. My hair’s close cropped, always neat, and it’s pretty sure you’ll find me neatly dressed in jeans and a button up or a t-shirt so I can show off the arms I’ve worked so damn hard for. I drive a delivery truck, so I get to keep it up without spending hours in the gym. I also get to meet a lot of femmes who thing that maybe just this once they’d like to be with a woman. 

I hate this shit. Just because I look what they might call masculine, and I pack in my off hours, this doesn’t mean I want to be a guy. I’d not spend a minute with a straight girl cuz they’ll just never get it. Anyway, back to the story.

I’m on a business trip as a courier to El Lay and I’m looking for a fine femme to keep me company for the evening. I’m in a nice hotel in the nice part of town and I’m thinking I can really impress her with this place. Problem is I’m not scoring, and after two bars I decide to just give it up and get drunk. 

I land in this kind of tough dyke bar and I figure if I see her walk in I’ll take her, or just catch a cab at closing time ,and call it a night. I crawl into a booth and order a Scotch, sitting back to watch the world go by and drown my sorry ass sorrows.


‘Round about midnight this sharply dressed dyke walks over to the table. She’s big and her impressive biceps make her look powerful. She’s smiling which confuses me. Most of the time, this late at night I’d know she was looking for trouble or a fight, or both. I’d noticed her earlier and hadn’t seen her with a femme, so it couldn’t be that she thought I was poaching. In fact, I’d hardly spoken to anybody all night, much less flirted with another chicks girl.

Damn. I hate fighting. I like arguing and tussling, but not fist fights. Anyway, I brace myself but instead of calling me out she just stands there and smiles at me. She tells a passing waitress to bring me another drink and orders a Scotch for herself as well and slides in next to me.

I’m all, “hey now, back off man” and she says “What you lookin’ for here tonight boy? A little entertainment?” I say,”Hey, not you man, fergeddaboudit.” 

She looks me square in the eye, smiles slowly, and says “That’s what you think bro.” And slides in next to me. Now the waitress is bringing our drinks and I’m so fucking shocked I don’t know what to say. Before I can blink she’s paid for the drinks and is holding her glass up for a fuckin’ toast! I’m just off my game enough to toast her back before I even know I’ve done it. Now I’ve set the game and I’m gonna have to play it or walk. Something made me stay. Probably the look in those big baby blues. She had a stare that was thrillin and chillin, and I find myself getting’ all wet and shit. Unbelievable.

We talk for a bit about some dumb shit, I don’t remember what, and pretty soon we’re walkin’ out the door together. She doesn’t touch me at all until we’re around the corner of the bar and she catches me off guard. She pins my arms to my sides in a vise grip, slams me into the wall so hard it knocks my breath away, and plants a kiss on me that stuns me to the bone. When she stops I’m shocked that my only response is to lean towards her and kiss her back. It gets hot then, I’m not struggling but I push her back to let her know I can if I want to and we stand there, necking like school kids and she just melts me. 

She points down the street and says “You want a cab now?” I say “Yeah, come back with me”. And just like that she does. She calls the cab, she tells the driver where to take me, opens the fuckin’ DOOR for me and takes me up to my room.

We get in the room and all hell breaks loose, she’s stripping me down, tearing at my clothes and I am at hers. We’re both packing and when she gets to my dick she grabs it in her hand, jerks it hard and says “You won’t need this tonight, tonight you’re a bitch.” and tosses it in a corner. She kisses me hard, backed against a wall and takes the harness off with one hand while the other one mashes my tits hard. The energy is electric. I’m still a little drunk but not that drunk and I know that for the first time I’m wanting to be a bitch for her. I moan softly and reach down to her dick, slowly jerking it and pushing the base against her cunt. She grabs the back of my neck and pushes me down to it, me kissing her all the way down, covering her tits and belly with kisses and bites. When I’m on my knees, facing that dick I want it so bad it brings tears to my eyes. I take it all and pull off it slowly, savoring the way it feels in my mouth, and hearing her moan with pleasure. She keeps her hand on the back of my head and slams me back down on it.

She doesn’t have to push though because I want to get her off bad. And I do. I ram that cock down my throat and every time I do I hear her getting hotter. I can smell her heat and it smells good. I sneak a tongue around the base of the harness, hoping to taste her juices and she grabs me hard and growls. “Stop that little bitch, I’m fucking YOU remember?” 

She grabs my tits and raises me up, turning me around to face the wall, grabbing my hands in one big paw as she does and raising them high behind my back. 

Pushing me forward she kicks my feet apart so I have to lean hard to stand up. She slides her other hand between my thighs and finds me soaking wet. Laughing she slides two, then three fingers in. “Ready and hungry, that’s how I likes my bitches. Stick it out bitch so I can really fuck ya.” I’m wanting it bad now and I do, I stick my ass back and she slaps my cunt three times with her dick. Wet slapping noises fill the air and I can smell my own hot cunt, aching for her to fill me up. I groan. God, she wants me to ask for it. And I do. Shamelessly. “Fuck me, God, just fuck me.” 

I’m so fucking hot I’m rocking my hips as she slaps me more. She rams it up inside me lifting me off the fucking floor and I grunt as she slams into me over and over. I can feel her getting close, she’s making these animal noises and digging her fingers into my hips as she thrusts and thrusts and finally explodes, ramming me harder so I can’t stand anymore and we collapse on the floor in a heap.

We lay there for a while panting and happy ‘cept I haven’t cum yet and oh man do I need release. I’m thinkin’ I’ll have to jerk off right her right now and how’m I gonna do that in front of this dyke, when she slides her hand down between my legs and shoves her whole fucking hand in in one smooth thrust. I about come outta my skin and start humpin’ her hand, riding it like a real bitch in heat and now I understand that need. A need so damn deep it blocks out everything but the feeling in your cunt and the pressure to get it off. When I come it is the most intense thing that has ever ever ever happened to me. I explode. I see friggin’ stars and I damn near pass out. I guess I was screamin’ cuz the next thing I know she’s holding me and shusshin’ and crooning to me, and telling’ me it’s gonna be Ok and I’m bawlin’ like a kiddie. 

God. It was amazing. She hung around for a bit and we laid in bed and talked until dawn. I fell asleep and she left without saying so much as a goodbye. 

I have no idea who she is or where she was from. I never saw or heard from her again. 

I went home, back to my skirt chasin’ and my femme lovin’ ways and I never have hooked up with another butch. But by God there are times that I catch myself lookin’ at ‘em and daydreamin’. Who knows, maybe someday the right one will come along again. Until then I have a lot to dream about.