 Her eyes opened and she grinned at me.

'Come on then, you too! Or do you just want to watch me?'

I did want to watch her, but I also wanted to feel what she was feeling. With a surge of courage I pulled my skirt down to reveal my pubes with their tuft of blonde hair, now rather sodden. Suddenly my breasts felt trapped, constrained, and I pulled off my top and unclasped my bra and stood there totally naked, feeling my nipples harden suddenly in the cool air.

Sarah looked at me in admiration. 'Beautiful tits, honey. Wish mine were like that.' She pulled off her top to show me her small but unsagging breasts with their dark, protruding nipples.

'Yours are lovely,' I said softly. 'I wish I didn't have to wear a bra.'

'I used to,' she said, ' but then I thought, what the hell. Are you going to leave that apple in all day? It won't be fit to eat.'

'How do I get it out? You seemed to do it easily.'

'Put two fingers in your cunt, honey, then hook them round it. Bear down at the same time. That's it.'

I made a few strange noises but managed to manoeuvre the apple under my fingers, then pulled and pushed until it popped out into my palm, warm and slippery. Without thinking I brought it to my mouth and took a bite, just as she had done. I've always enjoyed the taste of myself on my fingers and it went with the apple's slightly acid flavour very well.

Sarah held out her hand, holding my eyes with hers very directly. I gave her the apple and she bit it as well. Somehow it didn't shock me. She licked her lips slowly but didn't say anything. 

Suddenly I needed to have something inside me. I grabbed the other cucumber, drizzled oil onto it, sat down opposite Sarah with my legs wide and rather roughly pushed the vegetable into me. My muscles tried to grip it and expel it but I pushed further until I could feel the end pressing against my cervix. My internal muscles were fluttering at the sudden invasion.

'That's nice,' Sarah whispered – I wasn't sure whether she meant her own sensations or the sight of me impaling myself. She started pumping the veg slowly in and out again, her eyes on me. I matched her rhythm, losing myself in the rising sensations, but resisting the temptation to close my eyes. I saw her bring one hand up and start to massage her bare mound, then slip a finger between the top of her lips, just above where the cuc was spreading them apart. I copied.

Her hand pumped harder, and her eyelids fluttered. Her finger vibrated faster on her button. Suddenly she threw her head back and gave an agonised groan which turned into a series of wails. Her thighs quivered, her hips bucked and her chest heaved. I thought she was going to slide off the chair. It was intensely erotic and my own climax advanced by several notches at the sight. But part of me wanted to delay mine until Sarah had recovered enough to watch ...

Her eyelids fluttered open again, her eyes smoky with passion. I pumped the cuc faster, rubbing my clit in synchrony, imaging that some hunky stud was between my legs.

Sarah whispered, 'That's it, honey, go for it!' and that seemed to trigger something. My orgasm swelled and burst hotly, my muscles clutching at the smooth shaft of the vegetable. I'm not usually vocal during sex, but I couldn't restrain a low moaning as my inner core pulsed around the solid object. I came down slowly, my limbs tingling, a fine sheen of sweat on my breasts and stomach.

We looked at each other, two women in identical and obscene poses with big green cucumbers most of the way in their vaginas, and started to laugh. Sarah slid her cuc out and held it up, shiny with juice. 'Look, he's still hard!' That set off another fit of giggles. She sucked the end and grinned. 'Nectar!'

I pulled mine out too and felt the cool air rush into my dilated entrance. Not to be outdone, I sucked it and tasted my warm sex fluids.

'I need something bigger,' my friend said, rubbing her gaping pussy lips. 'Shall we try the aubergines?'

She fished one out of her bag and oiled it carefully. It was nearly twice as thick as the cuc but not so long. I felt a strange tingling deep in my vagina, as though it was getting excited and ready to admit the object. Sarah cleared stuff off the kitchen table and lay back on it. 'I'll have to lie down for this,' she said. 'Don't want to fall off the chair when I come!' She spread her thighs horizontally, pointing her still-dilated vagina directly at me, and rubbed the smooth purple dome of the aub across her lips. Then she grasped the veg in both hands and forced it firmly into her, giving a gasp as it stretched her wide.

'Oh boy, that's big! Feels good ...'

I didn't want to be left out, so I got my own purchase and lubed it well, then held it vertically on my chair and positioned myself above it. I could feel the slippery dome touching my labia. I sank down until it was pushing against my muscles, forcing my tunnel to stretch, then bounced up and down slightly, getting it a little further in each time.

'How you doing, honey?' Sarah gasped. 'Got yours in yet?'

'Mmm, almost. It's huge!'

Looking up, I saw that she was plunging the aub fully in and out of her, the sinews in her arms taut. Her vagina gaped blackly each time it withdrew, then her naked swollen labia stretched around the purple girth as it slid back in. The sight was so erotic that I sat down harder and my own invader was forced right inside. I couldn't restrain a moan of pleasure as it filled me up hugely.

Sarah's arms were a blur as she pumped the massive vegetable in and out faster and faster, her hips rising to meet the thrusts and her buttocks lifting off the table. Suddenly she convulsed in a powerful orgasm, driving the aub fully home and keeping it there while she throbbed around it. I couldn't tear my eyes away. She collapsed back onto the table, her arms wide, the big purple veg sliding out leaving a dark cavity that leaked a trickle of clear fluid.

I gyrated my hips, feeling my own aub massaging my inner walls. It felt wonderful, but I knew that I wouldn't climax without stimulation on my clit. I turned round so that I was facing the back of the chair and could support myself on it, and then got to work with some fingers. It didn't take long – the orgasm had been hovering just beneath the surface, ever since the previous one, in fact, and rolled out and overwhelmed me. I sagged against the chair back, feeling the aub penetrate me ever further ...

Warm arms encircled me from behind. 'That's it, honey, let it all out,' Sarah whispered in my ear, and my climax renewed its vigour. She held me firmly as I throbbed and wilted several more times. I could feel her breasts with their hard nipples pressing into my back.

As soon as I recovered control of my limbs I stood up and pulled the aub out, as my pussy was starting to ache. Sarah faced me, grinning.

'That looked like a good one, Amanda!'

I smiled tiredly. 'Yes, I've not come like that for quite a while. Feel a bit stretched, though.'

'Me too, but I like it. Just got me warmed up for the big one!'

'The squash?'

'Mmm! You know you've been fucked after one of those!'

'I don't think I could manage it, not straight away anyway.'

'That's OK. No-one's forcing you. Anyway, I need you to help me.'

She told me that she normally had to rig up some way of holding the butternut squash upright, so that she could sit down on it and use her weight to force it in. I thought for a moment she was going to ask me to push it into her, but she merely wanted me to hold it on the table, base downwards. She climbed up and squatted inelegantly on the table, resting her crotch on the well-oiled top of the squash. I held the base firmly, my face close to her pussy, catching wafts of her warm female musk. I was sure that the huge shaft would never fit ...

Sarah had no such qualms. She wriggled around, getting her fat labia stretched around the circumference of the smooth yellowish vegetable, and put her hands on my shoulders. I saw her hollow her stomach and deliberately try to relax her taut thigh muscles. With an eerie moaning sound she sank slowly down on the column, breathing fast, grunting and panting as if she was in labour – and indeed it was like a delivery in reverse. I kept tight hold of the base as she gyrated her hips to force the veg into her millimetre by millimetre.

'Don't hurt yourself, Sarah,' I said automatically.

'Not hurt ...' she gasped, 'just tight ... feels ... Jesus ... so good.'

With a shock I saw that the squash was halfway in her. The diameter was constant now for another six inches and she sank down without a lot of effort until her tautly-stretched labia reached the flaring base of the object. My fingers brushed against her hot tight skin, slippery with oil and juices. She began to rise and fall, until most of the shaft was exposed and then vanished again inside. Each time she went a little further down, forcing more and more of the wider base into her. Her hands gripped my shoulders painfully. My fingers, still gripping the squash, were now going up between the object and her labia, and I tucked my nails in to avoid grazing her membranes.

'Oh god,' she panted. 'Need to come ... rub my clit ... please ...'

Without thinking I obeyed. Her clitoris was a proud solid pink nub standing out from the taut membranes between her wide-spread lips. I held the squash firmly with one hand and stroked her clit with a couple of fingers of the other. She moaned and bounced up and down even faster. I rubbed harder, and suddenly she squealed and sat down hard so that almost the whole of the fat base disappeared inside her. I could feel her whole body pulsing as the orgasm exploded inside her. I couldn't imagine how it must feel to climax with such an enormous solid object filling every inch of her vagina.

Sarah collapsed backwards onto the table, pushing half the squash out of her. I helped the rest of it slide out, and stared in horror at the massive cavity of her vagina, dark and glistening, her labia swollen and stretched beyond recognition. The walls were still quivering with the dying remnants of her climax.

'Oh honey,' she gasped. 'That was incredible. You're a darling. I feel ... totally fucked!'

She reached forward and explored her gaping entrance with her fingers, and giggled. 'That'll take a while to close up! How's the squash? Did I squash it?'

'It's OK. A bit wet.' My hand too was dripping with her juices. I wanted to lick it but didn't dare.

'Well, I guess it's your turn now, honey'

***********************************************