 Julie had been my best friend for the last four years, we met at Presbyterian Hospital where we both worked as a nurse. She was a new nurse and I was assigned to be her mentor and preceptor for the first six months of her employment. We were glued to the hip and hit it off immediately. We had so many things in common and quickly began to hang out outside of work. We spent a considerable amount of time together, our boyfriends were also friends so we did almost everything together. 

Every fall, the four of us would go to the Appalachian Mountains in Tennessee for a getaway. Julie's boyfriend Brian had a hunting cabin owned by his family and we had dibs every October for a week of fun and relaxation. We were all so excited to be getting away this year, it had been a busy, grueling year for us all and we needed to escape for a while. 

I went to Julie's to help her pack, anxious to get on the road on time so we didn't waste a minute of our vacation. Julie was notorious for causing us all to be late, so she needed me to keep her on track. The boys were busy getting all the supplies we needed to have a great time at the cabin. 

"Come on, hurry up girl! The boys will be back any minute and we got to get on the road. Just throw the shit in there, we have an iron at the cabin." I chided her with a smile on my face.

"Lisa, stop rushing me, damn, I'm almost done, get your panties out of a wad!" 

As I watched her rushing around the room, gathering clothing and folding them to place in her suitcase, I couldn't help but notice how beautiful she really was. She was about five feet four with a slightly thick build, but she was well proportioned and curvy in all the right places. Her hair was golden with lighter blonde and red toned highlights, it was long and naturally wavy. She had green eyes which sparkled all the time, fitting her bubbly personality perfectly. Her lips were full and defined, perfectly shaped, like a lipstick models lips. I found myself staring at her and thinking about what it would feel like to kiss her, to lick her, I wondered what she tasted like and what her lips would feel like on me. I could so put YOUR panties in a wad... I thought to myself. 

What the hell was wrong with me? I wondered, slightly embarrassed by my naughty thoughts. It was Josh's fault, he had asked me if Julie and I had "ever done it" the night he met her for the first time. Of course I told him we hadn't, which wasn't a lie, but damned if I hadn't been thinking about it... a lot. I has always wanted to be with a woman but the opportunity never arose and I was hoping when and if it did that it would be with Julie. It was like he planted a seed that was sprouting and growing fast. He confided that he had a fantasy of watching two women together and claimed he saw a sexual attraction between Julie and I and had thought about the two of us together a lot. 

"Not happening Josh" I laughed, secretly I hoped that one day I could help him make that fantasy and mine come true. He seemed disappointed, but I got the impression he didn't quite believe me based on the small smirk on his face. 

"Kara?" Julie tapped me on the arm to get my attention, "Where are you? Damn girl, you were in lala land, help me finish would ya?" 

"Sorry, I was just daydreaming about how much fun we are going to have." I lied, my cheeks flushed red.

The boys arrived with all the goodies we sent them after, just as Julie and I finished packing. We were waiting at the bedroom door when they came up the walkway looking for us. Both had shit eating grins on their faces, obviously up to no good. 

"What are you boys talking about?" I asked with my eyebrow raised in suspicion.

"Oh nothing Sugar" Josh answered too quickly, as he ribbed Brian in warning to keep his mouth shut. 

He knew I loved when he called me Sugar, but after being with him for a year, I knew he used it to his advantage way too often and right now I wasn't buying what he was trying to sell.

"Let's go my lovely's." Brian joked as he glanced my way and met my eyes. He took Julies face in his big hands and kissed her, but never taking his eyes off mine, as though he were encouraging me to watch them. 

I licked my lips unconsciously and he broke the kiss and winked at me, smacking Julie's ass playfully. 

"Brian!" she yelped as she headed towards the car giggling. 

I followed behind her giving Brian and Josh a suspicious look. 

Swat! 

Josh smacked my ass too and laughed, "That goes for you too Sugar, get that sweet ass of yours in the car." I cocked my eyes at him as I caught him and Brian giving each other a knowing glance. What were those two up to I thought to myself as I ran to catch up with Julie. 

We arrived at the cabin just as the sun was setting and it was so pretty. The yellow, orange and red tones in the sky as the sun set behind the mountains and tall pines was breathtaking. The air was so fresh and smelt like fall. The crisp leaves and the scent of the fires burning in fireplaces from the cabins scattered across the mountain top permeated the air. Although the temperature was a bit on the chilly side, all in all it was the perfect combination to the start of a lovely getaway with my friends. 

The cabin was cute and quaint. Made of logs cut from the surrounding forest, it had a porch that wrapped all the way around, old fashioned rocking chairs on either side of the front door and autumn leaves were blowing whimsically in the breeze across the steps and floor planks of the porch. 

As we starting unpacking the car I couldn't help but notice how sexy Julie looked today, her nice round ass in those jeans had my mind thinking dirty thoughts and as she bent over to get her things from the trunk it was on full display. I couldn't help staring as she gathered her things from the trunk and day dreaming about what she would look like naked and how that ass of hers would feel in my hands. She turned to me and flashed a smile. Mmm...mmm...mmm, damn it, she is HOT, I shook my naughty thoughts off and started to get my own things from the trunk, our arms brush and it sends a tingle straight to my groin. Julie gave me a knowing look, catching me off guard by planting a friendly kiss right on my lips!

"We are going to have such a great time Kara" she whispered with a naughty grin on her face as she walked off. FUCK! 

As I watched her walk away I catch Brian watching us from a distance, he is leaning up against the porch railing and it was as though he knows what I am thinking. I quickly look away, slightly embarrassed that he just caught me gawking at her ass. I walk past him hoping he doesn't say anything about what he just witnessed. 

"Yea it's as nice as it looks Kara." He laughs and follows me into the cabin. 

OMG I'm so embarrassed! 

*****

Although Julie and I had been friends for years, we never crossed that line...yet. I have to admit, the longer I knew her the more I wanted to cross that line. I had been fantasizing about it pretty hard for the last several months and often wondered if she ever thought about it too. 

We came close one night about a year ago, we drank way too much after losing a patient who was near and dear to us both and we were consoling each other. We were crying and laughing, reminiscing and joking about Mr. Thomas, who was the sweetest man and always made us laugh. We had both taken care of him on and off for over 2 years and we thought he was going to beat the big C but we ended up losing him unexpectedly to pneumonia. 

We were on an emotional rollercoaster the night we found out, as we sat in my living room floor drinking our sorrows away. We wiped away each other's tears, and took turns laying our heads in each other's laps as we shared our stories about him. Julie was lying in my lap, remembering a funny story about him as I was stroking her hair, running my fingers through the length of it. She was so pretty, even with mascara smeared under her eyes. I stroked her cheek, wiping away a tear trailing down her face to her lips, lingering just a moment too long when I swore she was about to kiss me. In that moment, I wanted to kiss her so badly, but we were interrupted by Josh coming home from work, just as her lips were about to touch mine. Damn it, terrible timing Josh.  

Julie quickly sat up, wiped her face and excused herself to the bathroom.

"What's going on?" Josh inquired curiously.

"We lost our favorite patient and we just needed to cry it out." I explained, Josh didn't dig any deeper. 

After that night. Julie and I seemed closer, if that was even possible. We have always had an undeniable bond, like we were kindred spirits from past lives. We were two peas in a pod and spent a lot of time together, too much time together, but now we seemed to share something deeper, a more emotional connection we both felt that night. 

Occasionally I sensed that she wanted to revisit that night but she never did, so I kept my feeling and my fantasies to myself. 

*****

We all got settled in, Julie and Brian took the bedroom on the right of the cabin and Josh and I took the one on the left. Julie and I started supper while the boys gathered wood from outside to get a fire going. As we moved about the kitchen cooking and chatting, I noticed Julie was constantly brushing up against me and flashing me sexy looks. Fuck, she is going to be the death of me if she doesn't stop, but damned if I wanted her to stop. She made my pussy tingle and by the look on her face I would have to say that was exactly what she was trying to do! Two can play that game though, I smiled at her as I licked my lips and sipped my wine. 

We ate a delicious pasta dinner and then settled on the couch together in front of the fireplace. It has been a long day and we were all tired from the packing and drive. We drank and laughed and planned out our week with tons of fun things to do as we sat by the fireplace. Fishing, hiking, kayaking and mountain biking were a few of the things on our agenda, and of course, always ending the day with dinner, drinks and the good company of each other.

The boys head off to bed early so they can wake up early and pack our gear to kayak tomorrow morning.

"Night Sugar, wake me up when you come to bed." Josh got up and kissed me on the forehead, smiling as he walked off to bed.

"I second that idea baby!" Brian snickered as he grabbed Julie and whispered in her ear. Whatever he said made her smile mischievously as he found his way to bed.

"What was that all about?" I asked Julie.

"Oh nothing love, he was just being Brian that's all" she assured me. 

*****

It was just me and Julie, sitting on the floor by the fireplace drinking our wine and relaxing. We sat quietly for a while, my mind was filled with thoughts of the week ahead and of her and all the naughty things we could do with each other. 

"Kara?" Julie asked me out of the blue.

"Yea?" I answered as I took a sip of wine, missing my mouth, I must have had a little more than I thought, the red wine dripped off my chin and onto my cleavage. 

"Shit" I yelped and started to get up to find a towel. 

"Hold still, I got it" 

Julie quickly reached up with her finger and slipped it down the front of my blouse trying to catch the runaway liquid. She brought her wet, wine covered finger to her mouth and sucked it off, looking at me with hooded eyes. I blushed as my pussy twitched, god she was so hot. I wanted that tongue on my tits. 

As though she read my mind, her face slowly lowered to my breasts, I let out a faint gasp when her warm mouth touched my cool flesh, the temperature contrast gave me goosebumps. I could feel her smile against my skin and my breath hitched. She licked all the wine from the crevice between my tits, slowly, tantalizing me and then took my face in her soft hands, "I have been wanting to do that for a really long time Kara, so stop me now if you don't want it too." 

I couldn't speak, I couldn't breathe, I just looked at her and closed my eyes as her mouth met mine. Slowly at first, she nipped at my bottom lip and then licked it softly, my lips parting for her and she sucked the very breath from my lungs as her lips hovered over mine, I shuddered in anticipation. Her lips covered mine and our tongues danced, her mouth tasted like wine, so sweet and warm and I felt the first surge of moisture pooling between my legs as I moaned into her mouth. 

She puts her hand on the back of my head, tangling her fingers in my hair and deepening her kiss. She was urgent but tender, full of hunger, but beautifully feminine. It was like no kiss I had ever had before. Her tongue was so warm and silky, she seemed so skilled, not sloppy or awkward at all, she was a flawless kisser and I craved more. 

I reach up and cup her breasts in my hands, I feel like I'm shaking from the inside out, my heart is pounding in my chest. She moans and presses herself into my touch, her tits feel so soft and her nipples harden under my touch. I circle the hard nubs through her blouse with my thumbs and they tightened even more. I pinch them lightly and she hisses, breaking the kiss and pulling my hair back, exposing my neck. She kisses and nips me lightly with her teeth in the nape of my neck and licks up to my ear, she pauses breathing heavily as she whispers, "Mmmm I knew you were a naughty girl Kara, I want to taste all of you." 

"Oh fuck" I half say and half moan. 

She makes quick work of removing my shirt and then her own, tossing them to the side. Her breasts are gorgeous, just the right size, and her areola pretty pale pink and puckered from the cool air and my heated stare. My mouth waters as I imagine them in my mouth. As I break my stare and look at her, she is admiring mine as she seductively lick her lips, she reaches up and touches them, I whimper at her touch.

"Beautiful, simply beautiful" she says as she places her mouth on my breast, gently sucking my hard nipple between her lips, she flicks and strokes it with her tongue, I arch my chest towards her, desperate for her to continue. She pulls and sucks, biting it just hard enough to send a pulse of electricity straight to my pussy, then she repeats on the other breast. 

She kisses me again, smiling against my lips as I continue to feel her up, growing more comfortable by the minute. 

She rests her forehead against mine and whispers, "That feels so good Kara, please don't stop, please tell me you don't want me to stop either." 

"Please don't stop Julie" I manage to say between breaths as I lay down flat on the rug in front of the fire.

She kneels beside me and kisses me again as she unbuttons and unzips my jeans. 

"Pick up your hips love, I have to taste you" she says as she pulls my jeans off.

She stands to take off her own jeans as I lay admiring her from below, she meets my gaze and my insides melt. She is wearing a sexy red bra and panty set, lacey and very feminine and alluring. She positions herself on her knees between my legs, coaxing me to spread them for her. 

"Don't be shy baby, I have seen you looking at me and I know you have been wanting this as bad as I have, don't chicken out on me now" she grins as she trails her finger across my bottom lip, down my neck, across the swell on the top of my now heaving breasts. She bends over planting her hands on either side of my face and bites her lip before kissing me again.

Fuck this is so HOT, why did we wait so long to do this? 

"I love the way your mouth tastes baby but I really want to taste that sweet pussy." 

She sits up and continues her assault on my senses, running her fingers down my stomach in a zig zag, my muscles ripple under her touch and my skin goosebumps. She teases me as her finger slides just under the elastic edge of my panties, my hips arch slightly and my breath hitches as I throw my head back, aching for her to go farther. She licks and sucks my breasts again as she softly rubs her fingers across my core through my panties. It feels amazing but I ache for more, I need to feel her on my bare skin and she knows it as she continues teasing me. My pussy is pulsing under her touch and I am getting so wet. 

"Please Julie" I whimper, breathless and needy for more.

"Please what baby?' she asks with a snarky grin. 

Is she really going to make me spell it out for her? She runs a finger just inside the seam of my panties on both sides as her thumb grazes across my clit through my now soaked panties. 

"Your pussy is so wet Kara. Please what? Tell me what you want." 

"Please lick my pussy Julie" I softly whisper, I can barely fucking breathe much less talk.

Julie seems satisfied with my response and lays down between my legs, her hot breath so close I can feel it through my panties and it feels so damn sensual. She again teases me by running her finger just under the seam of my panties near my core, pulling them up just enough to let the cool air and her warm breath bathe my sensitive, wet folds. 

Her tongue mirrors the route her fingers took and I moan loudly, forgetting the boys were sleeping close by. Christ, her tongue is so fucking soft and hot. Josh licks good pussy but nothing like this, there is something about this that feels more intimate, more intense and personal. My hips are reaching for her mouth, desperate for more contact with her mouth. 

She pulls my panties all the way to one side and runs her fingers down my wet slit, I quiver. She stops and just admires my pussy for a moment, I can sense she is inspecting and drinking me in and it's so fucking sexy. 

Her mouth only inches from my pussy, her breath is so warm , she looks up at me with hooded eyes and says " Your pussy is so pretty, shaved bare , just the way I envisioned it and you smell intoxicating, let's see how you taste." And she lowers her mouth. 

As her tongue makes contact with my throbbing pussy, all I can do is hold my breath to keep from yelling out. She takes a long stroke from my core to my clit and I feel myself gush as she goes back and dips her tongue inside me to catch the nectar. She moans as she tastes me and the vibration is almost too much to bare.

"Oh Fuck yes!" I moan as she slides her tongue in and out of my pussy with a teasing slow pace.

My hips move in rhythm with her as she wraps her arms around the back of my thighs, holding me in place as she gently sucks my clit between into her mouth. I gasp, frozen, with my hips pressing into her mouth, as my body and mind try to comprehend what is happening. This feels so amazing and I don't ever want it to stop. 

She slides one, then two fingers inside me, first slowly sliding them in and out as she softly sucks and flicks my clit with her tongue. Then she picks up the speed a bit, I am panting, my chest heaving, my pussy aching and so close to cumming. 

She keeps her fingers buried inside me and looks up at me once more with a devious grin, my juices wet and shining on her chin as she lick her lips and whispers, " I'm going to make you cum now baby, are you ready?" She asks, as though I'm going to tell her NO, not missing a beat as her fingers fuck my pussy mercilessly, she doesn't wait for my reply. 

She tips her fingers upward, finding my G spot with ease and strokes it back and forth as her mouth sucks my clit. 

Oh my god, she eats pussy so fucking good, the thought of cumming in her mouth is overwhelming and as she flicks my clit with her tongue, I come undone.

"Oh my GOD Julie, I'm cumming!" 

She continues to work her fingers against my G spot and flick my clit while I shake uncontrollably under her. My legs become rigid and my hips press into her mouth and fingers as hard and I can manage as I ride out the orgasm. My pussy muscles spasm, pulsing around her fingers, holding them tight as white sparks flash behind my eyelids. It seems to last forever, but not long enough all at the same time and I savor every second of it. Her pace slows and she kisses my clit and she slows her fingers and gently pulls them out as she licks my cum from them hungrily. I am trembling as I slowly come down from this amazing high. 
