 I remember the first time I slept with a girl, it was the most amazing sexual experience of my life. It was the first week of my freshman year at an all girl college. I was just getting settled into my dorm room, and I was going to take a shower before I went out. I took my clothes off, put on a towel, and went to the showers. There were about 10 other girls there, and I had met a couple of them before. They were all good looking, bang-able as my boyfriend would say. It was a huge shower, and even though there were 10 other girls in there it felt kinda empty. I walked by them and picked a shower in the other corner, a couple nozzles away from the other girls. The 3 girls I knew said hey when I walked by, complimented me on my tits, finished there shower and left.

I started washing myself, when another girl came in and picked the nozzle next to me. I noticed her out of the corner of my eye, and when I saw how beautiful she was I couldn't help but stare. She noticed me looking at here, so I looked away quickly. She politely smiled and started washing herself. I said "don't think I'm gay or anything but you have an amazing body." And she really did, she was about 5'6", long black hair, 36C tits, big ass, but not too big, and curvy in all the right places. Her face was what really stood out though, she was just naturally sexy, with big full lips and pouty eyes like Angelina Jolee. She said "Thank you, I was about to tell you the same thing. I'm so jealous of your tits." She had a really sexy voice. I had heard that from other girls before, I knew I was beautiful, and guys never let me forget that. I have dark brown eyes, long curly dark brown hair, dark skin tone with a tan on top of that (my mom's Mexican), 36DD breast, firm stomach, tight little ass and long tanned legs. I said "Thank you" and she said "Your welcome" and we both got on with our showers. 

She left quickly, I started before her and I wasn't half done. I noticed in the other corner two girls were making out. I knew that kind of thing was going to happen, especially at an all girl college, and it really didn't bother me, I just ignored them. I had never really thought about being with a girl, it just didn't make a lot of sense to me. It's not like they're going to take you out and buy you dinner. I have kissed one of my friends before, but we were both drunk, and it didn't really do anything for me. 

Just then someone came up behind me, put one hand on my left tit, one hand between my legs, and whispered in my ear "relax baby, we're gonna have some fun tonight." I was so in shock I couldn't speak or move. It was that same sexy voice from before. She started playing with my nipple and rubbing my clit, and I was still frozen in shock. She licked my ear, kissed my neck, and kept whispering to me how hot I am. By the time I truly realized what was happening, I was starting to get wet. I finally pushed away a little, but she pulled me back into her arms. I felt her huge tits press against my back with her hard nipples, and she whispered in my ear, "don't fight it sweetie, we're gonna make you feel so good tonight." She held me tight for a few seconds while I tried to get away again, but I finally gave in, relaxed, and started enjoying it. She leaned her head over my shoulders as I turned to look in her bright green eyes. We kissed so passionately for what seemed like hours, as she rubbed my clit and pinched my hard nipples. I was aching for her to do more, when suddenly realized "she said WE?"

Just then I felt a tongue slowly penetrate my pussy. I looked down and one of the two girls from the other corner was eating me out. She was a blonde, with perfectly shaped smaller tits and the cutest face. Her brunette friend stepped in front of me and pressed her 34C tits against my face. She backed off a little and I started kissing her hard nipples. She moved down and we made out for a minute, all while I was being fondled and eaten out by two other amazing girls. I was sucking on her lip so hard she had to pull to get away from me, and she walked to the other side of the room near the entrance. 

I looked around and saw one girl leave, and the three other girls were watching and playing with themselves, which really turned me on. It went on like this for a couple minutes, until the girl behind me pulled me backwards and sat down on the shower seat in the corner, and I sat in her lap. That put my head slightly over hers, so she started kissing my shoulder blades. I wanted her to keep whispering naughty things to me, so I slid down in her lap a little, pushing my pussy into the blonde's face. By now she was really eating me, and just when I thought it couldn't get any better, the brunette I made out with crawled underneath our legs and started giving me an amazing rimjob. I had never had anyone lick my ass before, but it felt amazing, especially with all the other tongues working me over. I was in so much pleasure I was shaking.

Then I saw the three other girls walk towards me. One had long blonde hair with big 34D tits, one was a redhead with big fake tits, and the other girl was a brunette with small tits, but somehow she was so sexy in the face she looked better than the other two. The redhead and the brunette started kissing my nipples, and the blonde started making out with me. 

I was writhing in pleasure, with 6 girls tongues pleasuring me everywhere possible. The girl behind me was still licking and nibbling on my ear, the brunette and the redhead were swirling there tongues around and around my erect nipples, the blonde was kissing me so passionately and looking deep into my eyes with a sexy look every time we rarely stopped to take a breath. I was bucking my hips, grinding my pussy and ass against the two other girl's mouths. I knew I was about to cum harder than I ever have before. My sexy angel that started it all whispered a countdown in my ear:

"One. Licking your every orifice so sensuously."

"Two. Pushing their tongues deeper and deeper into you."

"Three. Sucking on your nipples so hard."

"Four. Kissing you so deeply and passionately."

"And Five. Exploding in the most amazing orgasm you've ever had in your life. Gushing girl cum all over that sweet little blonde's face. Arching your back, still cumming, still cumming, still cumming!"

I almost blacked out. It was the most amazing thing I had ever experienced. Her sexy voice whispered in my ear, "Good girl, that's right relax now. It's all over. That wasn't so bad was it?" I shook my head no. The other girls got up and left. She slid out from under me sideways, leaving my limp body slumped over in the shower seat. I could barely talk as she was walking away. I said weakly, "Can I see you again?" She said, "Same time tomorrow sweetie.", blew me a kiss and walked away.