 'Jade's calling round tomorrow.' Brenda Thorpe announced abruptly from the kitchen.

'Is she?' Caitlyn looked up from her magazine, surprised by her mother's sudden statement. 'I thought she'd been banned from seeing me?'

'You're both eighteen for God's sake. Even her high and mighty mother shouldn't be telling her what to do now.'

'True, but I didn't think she'd want to call anyway.'

'Why not? You've been best friends since you were tiny.'

'Even so....'

'Don't you want to see her?'

'Well yes.' Caitlyn could feel her face getting warm. 'But it's gonna be a bit embarrassing.'

'Oh for God's sake. Teenagers experiment. That's the way it is. You two just got caught with your pants down, that's all.'

Caitlyn heard a muffled giggle and blushed bright red at her mother's all too appropriate pun, her eyes flicking towards the kitchen door to make sure her discomfiture wasn't being observed. It all stemmed from the fact that she had been caught masturbating with Jade in her friend's living room one day. It had been one of those 'I will if you will' dares that had got out of hand and resulted in the pair of them sitting opposite each other with their panties discarded and their legs apart, staring at each others pussies as they played with themselves. 

Of course it was just as both of them were getting too close to the point of no return to take much notice of what was going on around them that Jade's mother walked in. She was horrified almost out of her strait laces, and had instantly banned Caitlyn from the house and from Jade's company. She had then telephoned Brenda to lay the blame squarely on her shoulders for being a divorced mother with bisexual tendencies. Tendencies that Brenda had never made any effort to hide.

Jade had pointed out that as an eighteen year old nobody had the power to stop her seeing whoever she wished, and especially not her oldest and closest friend. But that had been promptly countered by her mother pointing out that as an eighteen year old she also had no automatic right to continue living in the parental home, and especially if her close friend was getting that damn close. 

It wasn't as if the two girls had so much as touched each other, but that didn't matter to the homophobic older woman. She had reacted with such disproportionate outrage simply because Caitlyn's mother was widely known to enjoy the intimate company of either sex, and she was determined to save her daughter from becoming involved in such perversions.

What she didn't know, and nor did Caitlyn, was that her response had simply made her daughter even more curious. So much so that afterwards Jade had contacted Caitlyn's mother and purposely got herself seduced. It had been an eye-opener for her, much better than anything she had imagined, and now she had every intention that she and Caitlyn would do a lot more than just watch each other masturbate. She intended to deliberately seduce her friend and introduce her to the same pleasure that she had enjoyed with her mother, which was why she was so willing to risk her own mother's wrath once more.

'Have you spoken to her then?'

'Yes, she rang me and asked if she could call round.'

'And you don't mind?'

'Don't be silly. Whatever you to do together is no concern of mine, and it still wouldn't be even if I thought it reprehensible, which I don't.'

'Thanks Mum. But nothing like that's ever going to happen again.'

Caitlyn had no wish to risk the humiliation of being caught twice, and that meant she proposed to forego any repeat of what had actually been an otherwise exciting experience.

'That's up to you; you're old enough to make your own decisions in that department. And in any case I'm going out until late and so I won't know what you get up to.'

Brenda had a good idea what Jade intended and was giving her tacit approval by getting out of the way. But the idea that her diplomatic mother might be going out purposely to leave the two girls alone together never even occurred to Caitlyn - not even the next day when she announced her departure the minute she let Jade in through the front door. 

'Right, I'm off. I shan't be back until after ten this evening, so you won't get disturbed until at least then.'

The implication couldn't have been clearer, and yet Caitlyn still managed not to understand. But Jade did.

The two girls made their way into the lounge and settled at either end of a long sofa.

'You'll get into trouble if you're mother finds out you've been round here, won't you?'

'Sometimes you have to take a risk in life.' Jade smiled. 'She said she'd throw me out if I saw you again, but I don't think my Dad would let her.'

'You could come and live here if she did!' Caitlyn exclaimed with a giggle, pleased with her own solution.

'And then sooner or later your mum would be bound to catch us.'

Jade could see complications, especially if she managed to get relationships going with both mother and daughter. They were both blonde and beautiful and Jade wasn't sure if she could ever pick one over the other. It really was a case of age and experience versus youth and innocence. She fancied them both.

'She wouldn't react the same way yours did. She's pretty cool like that. Anyway, we'll try and be more careful in future.'

Jade smiled and for a moment Caitlyn looked at her in puzzlement, but then she realised what she had said and what it meant, and a smile spread shyly over her face too.

'We're going to, aren't we?'

She didn't specify if she meant being careful or doing it at all, but it didn't matter.

'I hope so.'

'So do I.' Caitlyn's voice was suddenly soft and breathless.

Years before, when she was just entering adolescence and learning about the birds and the bees and about the various kinds of sex, she had had a dream about having to demonstrate masturbation in front of the whole class, and it had stuck in her mind. Not that it had ever happened or that she'd ever really wanted it to happen but nevertheless it was something her imagination had never let go of, and her time with Jade had almost been a kind of adult fulfilment of that fantasy. Now she wanted to finish what they had started in Jade's lounge so that she could prove to herself that it had been no one off and that she was actually brave enough to do it more than once. In fact she harboured vague hopes that Jade really would get thrown out of her home and have to come and live with her. Then they could do it any time they wanted.

'Do you want to do it now?'

This time Caitlyn didn't speak, she just nodded, afraid to open her mouth in case her hammering heart jumped out of it.

For about half a minute neither girl spoke or moved, they just sat staring at each other with scared and excited expressions on their faces while they each tried to muster the courage to make the first move.

'Ready?' Jade asked finally.

Caitlyn nodded again, her tongue passing quickly over her dry lips.

'Ready.' She replied in a whisper.

Jade reached down and began to unfasten her belt while Caitlyn, after another momentary hesitation, stood and reached under her dress to remove her panties.

'How about we take everything off?' Jade asked, her eyes fixed anxiously on Caitlyn's, clearly watching intently for her reaction. 'After all, if I've got to take my jeans right off, you should do the same with your dress, and that would only leave your bra so we may as well both strip right off.'

Caitlyn paused as she fought her instinctive reticence.

'All right.' She agreed eventually.

Jade stood and began to undo her jeans, watching for Caitlyn to follow suit and smiling with apparent relief when she reached for the zipper to her dress.

They were both naked at roughly the same moment and stood staring shyly at each other, hands self-consciously kept by their sides. Caitlyn looked at Jade, seeing her naked for the very first time. She'd seen her nude many times as they grew up, but this was the first time they had been 'naked' together, with all its built in associations.

Perhaps it was due to the shock that she felt when she saw that Jade was sporting shaven pubes, something that she'd never done before as far as Caitlyn knew, but something was definitely adding to the sexual undertone of their actions. She desperately wanted to ask Jade about her new look, but she couldn't find the nerve and pretended not to notice. Even so, she found it hard not to stare, and her eyes kept being drawn surreptitiously back to that newly smooth patch of skin.

They returned to their seats, carefully maintaining the gap between them, and sat suddenly silent and bashful now that the moment had arrived. Caitlyn looked hurriedly across at Jade, wanting to find some reassurance in her friend's face but finding only a similar apprehension. Even she seemed struck by nerves, all at once unsure of herself and her intentions, and so they sat, both staring fixedly ahead but casting quick furtive glances towards each other, each one wanting the other to begin and each one still uncertain if they would be able to follow suit.

'Bloody hell, Cat, this is ridiculous.' Jade broke the silence. 'We did it before.'

Caitlyn nodded. 'But we didn't set out to do it deliberately that time.'

There had been no premeditated intention then. In fact it had been a mix of girlish giggles and teenage dares that had got them so incredibly turned on that it just had to happen.

'Let's just lighten up then, and if it happens, it happens.' Jade sounded annoyed with herself.

'Shall we stay undressed?'

Caitlyn felt abruptly uncertain about what was happening. She didn't want to back out, masturbating with her friend had been the most exciting thing ever, but she felt silly sitting without any clothes on waiting for something to happen.

'Do you want to?' Jade asked.

'Yes. Don't you?' 

'Yes. I quite like it. So long as nobody walks in, that is.' 

Caitlyn giggled, remembering Jade's mother walking in on them. 'Yeah, but we had our legs wide open that time.'

She felt herself blushing at her own remark and at the image it recalled of them both sitting with their legs wide apart and their fingertips strumming away at themselves. It had been one of the most exciting images she had ever seen. Her nerves began to melt away before the desire to see the same image again.

'Open your legs now then.' Jade challenged her, bringing her mind back to reality. 

'If you do.'

She surprised herself with her spontaneous answer and looked across at Jade to see her response. Excitement, arousal and happiness were all visible in her expression as Jade took a deep breath and spread her knees wide, deliberately angling her nearest leg so that her pussy would be as visible as their side by side positions would allow. She looked back at Caitlyn, as if willing her to do the same.

'You know what happened last time, don't you?' Caitlyn asked as she mirrored Jades movement, surprising herself once again by showing herself just as openly.

'Yes, exactly what we were supposed to be doing this time.' Jade reminded her with a grin. 'Can you remember what started it?'

Caitlyn laughed, her embarrassment beginning to disappear. 'Yes. We put our hands there to hide our pussies, and that started us touching ourselves.'

'It was nice though, watching you and knowing you were watching me.'

Caitlyn nodded. 'Yes it was.'

There was growing arousal in Caitlyn's voice.

'Do you mind me seeing you?' Jade asked, gazing openly at Caitlyn's pussy.

'No.' Caitlyn thought of her juvenile fantasy and shook her head, fixing her own gaze between Jade's legs. 'Do you?'

'I quite like it.'

'Jade? Why did you shave yourself there?' 

The question came out of the blue, the words tumbling out of Caitlyn's mouth before her brain had the chance to stop them.

'I don't know. I thought I'd try it.' It was partly true, although mostly it had been for Brenda's benefit when she had met with the older woman last week. Since then she had decided to keep herself smooth to see what effect it might have on Caitlyn. 

'What's it like?'

'Nice.' She answered, turning slightly to reveal herself better to Caitlyn's gaze. 'It makes you feel more sensitive.'

Caitlyn frowned. 'Sensitive?'

'Yes. You're much more conscious of everything that touches you there, even your panties or the slightest breeze, and when you play with yourself you can feel even the lightest touch. Your pussy feels nicer under your fingertips too, softer and smoother.' 

Caitlyn sat silently staring for a few moments as if trying to digest the information, and then once again she spoke before thinking, pursuing an instinctive urge.

'Can I feel it? Would you mind if I touched you?' 

Her request came without warning and Jade gasped out loud in surprise.

'I'm sorry. I shouldn't have asked that.'

'No, Cat, it's all right.' She didn't realise that she was playing directly into Jade's hands, taking things along the path that Jade had been wondering how to begin. 'Of course you can. You just caught me by surprise, that's all.' 

'Are you sure?' Caitlyn asked. 'I mean, I just want to know what it feels like, nothing else.'

'I'm sure. Go ahead.'

Caitlyn still hesitated, her hand beginning to reach across and then coming to a halt in mid air. In the back of her mind was the vague feeling that she was taking a step too far, one that she might not be able to reverse, but somehow she pushed the thought out of her mind.

'Go ahead,' Jade nodded and smiled in encouragement. 'I don't mind, honestly.'

Caitlyn looked into Jade's eyes for reassurance and then, with a tiny nervous smile, she reached over and touched her right at the top of her hairless slit, the warm soft skin feeling alien under her fingertips. Jade gave a tiny intake of breath and Caitlyn froze, misinterpreting the pleasure sound for one of anxiety.

'It's okay. Touch me.' 

Jade's voice betrayed her excitement but Caitlyn didn't notice, her own heart hammering at the thought of what she was doing. Her fingers traced a gentle course across Jade's pubic mound and down one side of her pussy, her nervousness making her barely do more than graze the skin. Jade spread her legs as wide as she could, trying to encourage Caitlyn to explore further.

Gaining confidence Caitlyn shifted in her seat, twisting sideways and leaning over, holding onto the back of the sofa with one hand while the other reached between Jade's legs. She could see what she was doing now, and she ran a fingertip down each side, softly stroking the puffy labia with a slow gentle touch.

'It feels very different.' Caitlyn was slightly breathless. 'It's nice.'

'It's nice from this side too.' Jade said quietly.

Caitlyn looked at her blankly, not quite sure of her meaning.

'You're turning me on.' Jade explained, mistakenly hoping the reason would help take things further.

Caitlyn blushed and hastily pulled her hand away, her flustered look partly down to it having a similar effect on her. She couldn't understand why she found it so exciting to touch her friend in that way. After all, she had only wanted to find out what it was like to shave your pussy and the arousal she was feeling from touching Jade so intimately was bewildering to say the least.

'I'm sorry; I didn't intend to get you going. I just...' She let her voice trail off in confusion.

'It's okay. I didn't mind. In fact I quite liked being stroked like that.' 

Alarm raced over Caitlyn's face and Jade back-pedalled hastily. 

'It kind of set things up for what we want to do.' 

She reached down between her legs and began to stroke her pussy, a fingertips finding its way into her slit and rubbing gently on her clit, intent on demonstrating that she only meant their joint masturbation.

Caitlyn relaxed, encouraged by Jade's words and actions, and then after a few seconds hesitation while she watched Jade playing with herself, she too reached down and searched for her clitoris. Jade smiled, sighed silently with relief that her impatience had not entirely frightened Caitlyn away, and rubbed her clit with the quick light strokes that always worked well for her. 

Similar rapid little movements were working for Caitlyn too. She could feel her nipples enlarging, becoming harder as she became even more turned on, and she wondered if Jade had noticed. Not that it mattered; Jade's somewhat longer nipples were noticeably standing out, revealing that she was already hot. She looked to see what Jade was doing, but from their seats alongside each other she could only see knuckles moving quickly and jerkily over her pubes. She wanted to see more clearly, but she feared that any overt leaning forward or peering might give out the wrong signals and put Jade off. She could not know, of course, that this was a completely mistaken thought. She raised her gaze just in time to see Jade's eyes flick way, and she realised with a little embarrassment that Jade had been watching her staring at her pussy. She felt herself colour up even though she knew she shouldn't, because that was the whole idea of what they were doing. She was finding her own thoughts and urges confusing and unexpected.

Jade shifted in her seat, responding to Caitlyn's unspoken request by turning towards her and then raising one foot onto the seat so that she was sitting in the corner of the sofa facing diagonally across it and affording Caitlyn an unrestricted view of her pussy. Caitlyn watched, feeling a sudden thrill of excitement course through her, not just from the new and arousing view she had been given but by the knowledge that she would have to follow suit. This was just what she wanted, for them to watch each other openly and masturbate until this time they satisfied themselves. After only a moment's delay she copied the movement so that each girl could now look directly between the other's legs. She caught Jade's eye and smiled timidly before opening herself even wider and deliberately letting Jade see everything.

'I know I shouldn't.' She whispered truthfully. 'But I like you to see me.'

'And I like you looking at me.' Jade answered, her voice tight with excitement at such a positive remark. 

Caitlyn was not aware of the mixed messages she was giving her friend, although Jade probably understood her mind better than she did. It seemed to Jade that Caitlyn wanted things to happen but perhaps didn't have the nerve to instigate anything. But she daren't push either, just in case she had misread the situation again. She remembered Caitlyn's hesitant fingers touching her pussy and prayed she would get the chance to return the pleasure. But she would wait until they had both climaxed, when inhibitions had been blown under the influence of an orgasm, before trying to take things further. She looked longingly at Caitlyn's pussy, seeing Caitlyn smile at her for doing so, blissfully unaware of her friend's desires.

This was roughly where they had got to on the last occasion, although neither expected anything then except to see each other come, and now they were strumming just as openly, hiding nothing, each watching the other, wanting to see the other girl reach orgasm, wondering what it would be like and how they would feel when they too were observed at that most personal of moments. This time there was no reason now why it shouldn't happen, and they both knew it.

Caitlyn switched her gaze constantly between Jade's face and her pussy, not sure which to watch. It was so damn exciting to watch those slender fingers work on that tiny nubbin of her clit, so clear between her clean shaven labia, and to see her hips begin to twitch, lifting just a little from the seat. But she wanted to watch Jade's face to know when she too was being watched, to know when her movements were being seen and her pussy being stared at. She had been so disappointed when they had been thwarted before and she wanted to make sure she got the most pleasure this time, just in case it never happened again. Maybe, just maybe, if it did, Jade would let her touch her pussy again. It had been so exhilarating to know she was doing something that was so undeniably naughty -- kinky even. The thought made her fingers fly even more quickly over her clit and the first warm tingle of a climax began to grow inside her.
