 Jade could hear her mother on the phone in the hall tearing a strip from Caitlyn's mother. She knew what it was about; it was the same thing that had got her sent to her room. Sent to her room at eighteen years old, treated like a child. And banned from ever seeing Caitlyn again, although even her mother must have realised that, at her age and with today's countless ways of communicating, the ban was pretty meaningless.

It was just bad luck that led to her mother catching the pair of them masturbating together in her lounge, sitting in opposite chairs with the legs wide open and everything on show, and so engrossed that they didn't hear her come in. It wasn't as if they were touching each other, they were just watching each other do it to themselves, and very erotic it was too. 

If truth be told Jade would have happily let Caitlyn play with her and vice-versa, for she had reached an experimental stage where her sexuality could be whatever she wanted it to be, and she was wondering quite seriously about girls. But they'd kept their hands strictly to themselves and she couldn't see what was so bad about a bit of self love in the company your oldest and bestest friend.

She put her ear to the door to see if she could catch what was being said.

'I suppose you don't find anything wrong with it, do you?' Her mother was saying, shouting really. There was a pause for a reply.

'No, I'm not surprised. In fact I expect you encouraged her, especially after what we all know about you.'

Jade listened more closely, intrigued by whatever it was that they all knew.

'No! Absolutely not. I don't know why I let one of my daughters get mixed up with a child of yours in the first place. I should have known she'd get corrupted by the daughter of a dyke.'

Another pause.

'Yes, I did say dyke. Everybody knows that you prefer your own sex, and so it's no surprise that your daughter does too.'

Jade frowned. Caitlyn was not and never had been a lesbian as far as Jade knew. She had never made any approaches to Jade or anyone else for that matter. Jade only wished she had, because she wouldn't have said no and then her mother would really have had something to worry about. Even the magazine that had fuelled their libidos had been one of male pinups and pop stars. But of course that had been conveniently ignored in the maternal quest to place the blame elsewhere.

'Now kindly keep your perverted offspring away from my child.' 

Jade heard her mother slam down the phone. 

She sat on her bed, thinking about it and reproaching herself for not trying it on with Caitlyn. Because after all, it could hardly have ended worse even if Caitlyn had taken offence at unwanted advances and stormed off. It was, Jade thought, perhaps a shame that it had not been Caitlyn's mother instead of Caitlyn. Things might have gone so much further if what her own mother had said was true.

She sat thinking about Mrs Thorpe, Caitlyn's mother, and wondering if it was true about her. It probably was, she decided, because she's always been very friendly, over friendly now she thought about it, letting her hand rest against her shoulder or slipping an arm briefly around her waist. Not that she had ever come on to her in an obvious way, but then she wouldn't, would she, because that way lay vilification and ostracism by the hypocritical community in which they lived. Jade wondered if she might respond if she, Jade, made the first move. That would be one in the eye for her mother, wouldn't it? But that depended on Mrs Thorpe actually being that way inclined.

If she was, then she could make any girl happy. Just shy of forty, Brenda Thorpe was petite, with a gorgeously trim figure, a blonde page boy hairstyle, glasses, and a mischievous smile that was almost permanently plastered across her elfin features. Jade would have loved it to have been her sitting opposite with her panties around one ankle and her legs wide apart. She could feel herself getting moist again at the idea, and an impulsive revenge-driven decision was made. Before the summer was through, she would have Brenda Thorpe in bed. 

The next question was how?

It was not to prove as difficult as Jade expected. She left it a couple of days and, when she knew Caitlyn would be out, she rang her home on the pretext of wanting to apologise for getting her into trouble. It was, of course, her mother she found herself talking to. Would she pass on Jade's apologies for the bother she had landed her in, and would Mrs Thorpe accept an apology for the call her own mother hand made to her. Yes, of course she would tell Caitlyn she'd rung, and she needn't worry about her mother's call because it would take more than that to ruffle her feathers. Caitlyn's mother then went on to make her an offer.

'Look As far as I'm concerned Caitlyn can spend as much time with you as she wants, and what you get up to is your business. You're both old enough to do anything you like. If you want privacy just come round here and let me know to keep out of your way.' 

Jade's heart beat faster. Things were going her way.

'I wouldn't mind about you, Mrs Thorpe....'

'Call me Brenda.'

'Oh, right. Well Brenda.' The name sounded strange coming from her lips. 'I wouldn't mind if you walked in on us, but maybe Caitlyn might feel embarrassed, with you being her mother and all.'

Here was a distinct pause before she answered. 

'Yes, I can understand that. I'd be embarrassed too, although I wouldn't be if it was just you.'

Jade had the distinct feeling that she was being probed.

'Then maybe if I need a bit of privacy, can I come around on my own?' She said it with a deliberate light-hearted 'I want to be able to deny it' note to her voice.

There was that pause again.

'Yes, of course you can. How much privacy would you need?'

'Not a lot. It's much more exciting with someone else there.' Jade paused to give Brenda the chance to change tack before continuing, her voice taking on a breathless quality from the hopeful pounding of her heart. 'Especially if that someone else is a bit older and more experienced and can show me what to do. I really want to learn a whole lot more.'

The pause this time was much longer, until Jade thought she was about to be warned off. Eventually the reply came.

'Caitlyn is away for the day on Tuesday, if you come around then, I can teach you all you need to know.'

'Oh god, Mrs Thorpe, I was hoping you'd say that.'

'There is a condition.'

'What's that?' Jade asked anxiously.

'For god's sake call me Brenda.'

On Tuesday Jade worked her way steadily up the hill, her bright blue eyes flitting nervously around her. The slope was kind and her long slender legs and eighteen year old body should have sent her bounding up it, but today she was hanging back, unconsciously taking her time and delaying the moment when she would be knocking at Brenda's door, even though she had been through it countless times before. She was late, more than an hour late, all down to her anxious struggle between her head that told her not to go anywhere near the place, and her body that insisted she did.

She had prevaricated and hesitated, unsure if she was doing the right thing, astonished with herself for having revealed her bicurious tendency to her friend's mother but glad she had, all at the same time. Now she was on her way to turn that curiosity into reality, under a strict instruction from Brenda to keep the meeting secret, absolutely secret.

Jade was half the age of her potential partner, but that is how she wanted it. She didn't want to be introduced to girl on girl sex by someone as nervous and inexperienced as herself, she wanted to be taught -- no, instructed, that was a better word -- by an older and more confident woman. Slightly submissive by nature, she had told Brenda that she would do anything she was told to, and that she wanted her partner to do whatever they fancied to her. This was the day when fantasy became reality, and she learned what it was actually like to be with a woman. It had started off as spiting her mother but now she knew it was more than that, it was an inbuilt dream.

Her heart was already beating faster than the slope warranted and her palms already a little damper than she might expect when she came to the house she sought. Her heart leapt and her mouth suddenly went dry, and she stopped dead in the street to gaze at the white painted door that carried it. Behind that door lay the experience she so wanted and yet was so frightened of. Now was the moment of decision. She had come all this way and now she hesitated. What if she didn't like it, what if it repelled her, what if, what if... What if she never tried and never knew? She squared her shoulders, licked her lips, and walked resolutely up to the door, her finger hesitating for several long seconds before stabbing down on the bell-push and announcing her presence.

Brenda answered the door wearing a moss green bathrobe, her short blonde hair looking even more beautiful than Jade remembered against the dark colour. Jade stared, sure that Brenda was already nude beneath the robe and abruptly aware of the reality of what she was doing. She swallowed hard and forced an anxious smile.

'Hi, I'm...' She stammered. 'I'm sorry I'm late.'

Brenda smiled at the nervous way her guest had introduced herself, and nodded in welcome. 'Not a problem, I understand. Come in, Jade, it's nice to see you again. I was worried that you weren't coming.'

She moved back to allow Jade to enter, still surprised, even though they knew each other well, when the much younger girl towered over her by a good nine inches. With her petite frame and waiflike features, Brenda looked for all the world like a real life Tinkerbelle, cute but feisty, whereas Jade, at five-eleven tall, was a gangly beanpole. 

Brenda closed the door, instinctively looking up and down the street for nosy neighbours, and led the way through to her living room. There she turned to face Jade, raised herself onto tiptoe and, with difficulty, gave her guest a welcoming kiss on the cheek.

'I'm so pleased you could come.' She told her with a smile. 'It'll be a lovely day, I just know it will.' 

Jade smiled nervously. 'I nearly didn't. And I'm really sorry I'm late, I just got a bit scared.'

'But you did, and that's all that counts. Would you like a glass of wine before...?' She paused abruptly. 'Before I drink it all?'

'Thank you, yes.'

'Sit yourself down and I'll fetch some more.'

She disappeared off into the kitchen for another bottle of wine, leaving Jade to standing rather apprehensively on the centre of the room, wondering where on the expensive green brocade suit she should sit. In the end she lowered herself onto the end of the three-seater sofa that Caitlyn normally used and waited nervously for Brenda to return.

'Relax.' Brenda told her as she came back into the room. 'I'm harmless, I promise you.'

'It's not that.' Jade looked shyly at Brenda. 'I couldn't wait for today to come, but now that it has... Well, now if I'm honest, I'm as nervous as a kitten.'

'Don't be, there's no need.'

'I know that really, but I still feel a bit scared.'

Brenda filled a glass and passed it to Jade before taking an empty chair.

'Nothing will happen that you don't want to, so here's to a fun time.' She raised her glass in a toast. 

The two sat and sipped their wine silently for a few minutes, both of them unsure quite how to move things along. 

'Were you mad when you heard about me and Caitlyn?' Jade asked suddenly.

'Surprised I suppose, but not mad. I mean, you're both eighteen so I expect you to be -- what do they call it now -- sexually active. I just didn't think Caitlyn was into girls.'

'She's not.' Jade explained. 'It's just that we'd been reading a magazine and talking, and we got turned on a bit, so we ended up daring each other.'

'But you are? Into girls, I mean?'

'I'm not sure. I just want to find out.' Jade paused. 'I loved it when Caitlyn and I watched each other, and I was wishing we could do a bit more than look, but I don't think she would have.'

'Would you like us to watch each other?' This was Brenda's blunt way of moving things forward

'I'd love it, if I dare.' Jade shuddered as a thrill surged through her. The moment of truth had arrived.

'Then shall we try?' 

Brenda stood and held out her hands to Jade, who took a quick fortifying drink to empty her wineglass and then allowed herself, somewhat hesitantly, to be pulled to her feet. For half-an-hour-long-minute Jade stood holding hands with her friend's mother, both of them looking silently at each other in heady expectation until Brenda broke the spell.

'We're wearing far too much.' She whispered, dropping Jade's hand, her voice suddenly sounding husky with arousal as she reached for the belt holding her robe.

Jade's anxiety was suddenly swamped by her excitement as Brenda allowed her robe to fall to the floor, standing naked to her gaze for a short but glorious moment before she bent and picked up the robe and hung it on a door behind her, making her way across the room without any sign of self consciousness. Coming back Brenda took both Jade's hands for them to be facing each other.

'Ready?' Brenda asked, looking intently for any sign of panic or dissent. 

Far from dissenting, Jade's eyes were travelling up and down Brenda's body, taking in the small, pert breasts with their contrasting dark nipples, her flat, athletic stomach and firm legs, absorbing the sight and responding with a tiny mewl of excited approval. She'd never thought of Caitlyn's mother as anything but Caitlyn's mother before, but now that she had she liked what she saw.

'Yes!' That one murmured word, accompanied by a timidly eager smile, was all that was needed.

Brenda gently but firmly turned her around to face away from her and Jade felt hands circle her waist and gently began pulling her tee-shirt from inside her jeans, knuckles grazing Jade's midriff and making her thrill at her first, her very first, truly sexual female touch. She raised her arms, Brenda's fingers deliberately running over her flesh as the shirt was pulled up and over her head, with Jade sensing rather than feeling the slightest touch of soft flesh against her back. Her heart began to pound again and she hoped she had made the right choice.

Hands now encircled her, the palms moving to cup her breasts over her bra. She leaned back feeling Brenda's nipples pressing into her back and her breath warm against her shoulders. The hands squeezed gently and briefly, and then moved on, sliding softly down her front until they met the waistband of her jeans.

Brenda was now unfastening her belt, the noise of the buckle coming undone sounding loud in her ears. She looked down, thrilling at the sight of Brenda's slim fingers seeking and finding the top of her zip from behind, watching her pull it down and listening with mounting excitement to the innocent buzz of the fastener descending. Her lips were dry again and the thudding of her own excited heart drummed in her ears. She kicked away her shoes, knowing that the action gave unspoken consent for Brenda to continue.

Brenda came round again to the front, opening Jade's jeans ready for her to work them over her slender, boyish hips. Jade balanced first on one leg and then the other to let Brenda pull the jeans clear of her feet, knowing that each step brought her closer to that special moment she was longing for. All she wore now were her flimsy black briefs and her equally tiny black bra. Surprisingly, she felt totally committed now, suddenly open to anything the woman wanted from her and eager for it to begin.

'I want this.' She whispered, not speaking to Brenda directly but just confirming her need. 'I'm sure now.'

She saw Brenda smile up from where she still knelt, and she knew it truly was going to be a fun day. She unhooked her own bra and slid it down over her arms, baring her tiny breasts with their puffy pink nipples to Brenda's gaze.

'I'm sorry, I don't have much.' She apologised needlessly for her figure.

'Me neither when I was your age, and things haven't changed that much since.' Brenda assured her, standing up to place her hands over Jade's breasts. 'But they're beautiful as they are, Jade. Size isn't all it's cracked up to be.'

'Thank you.' Jade sighed back, enjoying the novel sensation of feminine hands on her naked breasts.

She felt Brenda give her tiny breasts a little affectionate squeeze and then the hands moved to her waist, hooking into the waistband of her panties and slowly drawing them down, over her bottom and down her thighs as Brenda sank onto her haunches until they rested around her ankles. She stepped out of them and pushed them away with the side of her foot, aware - happily aware - that she was now completely naked in the presence of another woman, a sexually active woman who wanted her body. She looked down at Brenda, seeing the older woman's eyes fasten on her crotch. She could sense her pussy reacting, moistening and opening, waiting to be touched. She just stood there, letting her awakening urge develop from seeing Brenda's eyes drinking in her most intimate display.

'Oh Jade.' Brenda's contented voice brought Jade out of her spell. 'You're shaved. I didn't expect that.'

Jade had shaved herself deliberately for today, and a warm glow spread through her knowing that she had pleased her partner. Consciously, needing to but without knowing why, she moved her feet apart to display a little more of herself to Brenda's welcome gaze. Brenda watched, still kneeling, just enjoying the sight.

Jade looked down at her, not knowing what Brenda was thinking. She couldn't know that as Brenda took in her long coltishly slim legs, her boyishly immature hips and a tiny bust Brenda determined to make her experience today a really good one. If today was to be her first time, then Brenda would make sure she wasn't disappointed. In Brenda's eyes Jade was an adult in years, but still a gangly, half grown girl in appearance - a woman hiding in a girl's body. She was so unlike her picture of her perfect woman, even apart from the fact that she was only half her age, but there was something about her, something innocent and endearing that made Brenda care how much Jade enjoyed her experience. 

She reached forward, placing a hand on the cool skin of Jade's leg just above the knee, absorbing the strangely wonderful sensation before gently running her palm up along the outside of her thigh, stroking her way as far as Jade's hip before returning down the front, watching for any reaction and seeing Jade's eyes open briefly and a tiny contented smile play across her face. Several times more she ran her hand along Jade's thigh, reaching around to caress the back, before sitting back on her haunches and just gazing at the marvellous sight before her. 

After a moment she reached forward again, this time to run her hand up the inside of Jade's thigh, her fingers tracing lightly over the skin right up close to her pussy but without touching it. Conscious of the girl's youth and inexperience, Brenda wanted to be sure of Jade's response and so she repeated the action twice more, creeping ever closer to the top, gazing up to see how she reacted, and then smiling when Jade parted her legs a little further to her exploring fingers.

Certain now of what was wanted, Brenda ran the flat of her palm along Jade's slender thigh, not stopping until the tips of her fingers had found her cleft. Searching between the swollen labia Brenda ran her fingertips along the length of Jade's slit, skating over her clit to bring a gasp from the girl's lips and then returning down to find her open entrance and send a probing finger into the wet and slippery vagina. Jade groaned, trying to open her legs that bit more and invite Brenda's finger deeper inside her.
