 Part one is a little long because I'm trying to set up the story for the rest of the series. Thanks for your patience. Enjoy.

*

April muttered an oath under her breath as she pushed through the huge, glass double doors of Dupree Enterprises. Her plane arrived in New Orleans two hours late and, therefore, left her no time to change clothes, let alone fine a hotel. April let out a small groan at the thought of meeting her new client in a few minutes, dressed in jeans, her beloved cowboy boots and a short-sleeved Henley. Oh well, I'm here to find an embezzler, not land a cushy job with a corner office, she thought.

She rushed up to the information desk in the lobby, suitcase in tow. "Where can I find John Dupree's office, please?" April inquired of the security guard. 

"Top floor," he offered, not once looking up.

Figures, April thought, heading for the large bank of elevators in the back of the lobby. She pressed the up button, her foot tapping nervously as she waited for the doors to open. Rushing in as the heavy metal doors yawned open, she barreled into a young woman about to step out. Looking up, April felt the apology die on the tip of her tongue. She suddenly found herself staring into the greenest eyes she'd ever seen, effectively frozen half way between the elevator doors. 

"Excuse you, cher," said the red head, the sugary southern accent taking some of the sting out of the reprimand. April came crashing back to reality as the doors banged into her back. 

"Sorry. Late for a meeting."

"Typical Yank," came the sarcastic reply, rolling her eyes and sauntering out of the elevator and down towards the lobby. April could only stare after the woman, drinking in the view of long legs, perfectly round ass and red, curly tresses spilling down her back. Just then the elevator doors snapped shut, cutting off her view of the southern beauty. April let out a long sigh and marveled at the feeling of her heart vibrating inside her rib cage.

All thoughts of Red quickly vanished, though, as the doors reopened on the top floor. April found herself directly across the hall from her client's office. Striding through the door, she quickly approached the secretary's desk off to her left.

"Hi. I'm April Shaughnessy from Phoenix Investigations. I have a one o'clock appointment with Mr. Dupree."

"Afternoon cher," replied the blond behind the desk. "Mr. and Ms. Dupree are expecting you. Follow me please."

April followed the secretary through the door and into a rather large office with an expansive view of the New Orleans skyline. Immediately in front of the windows stood a large, mahogany desk. As April approached, the man behind it stood and offered his hand.

"Ms. Shaughnessy, I presume," inquired the older gentleman. He stood about six feet tall, his thick, black hair beginning to turn silver around the temples. April guessed Dupree was in his fifties, as she accepted his handshake.

"Yes, Mr. Dupree. It's a pleasure to meet you."

"And I you. You came highly recommended and I appreciate you rushing down here on such short notice. I'd like to introduce you to my niece, Jade," as he turned to indicate the raven-haired beauty who had been perched on the corner of his desk when April walked in.

The women stood, turning to offer her hand in greeting. She stood about 5'8", giving her a couple inches of advantage over April's 5'6" frame. Jade's tailored suit hinted at the graceful curves of her body. Her easy smile spreading to the crystal blue eyes that were revealed as she brushed her hair away from her face.

With all this eye candy, I should consider moving south, April thought. Visions of Red from the elevator flashing back as she took in the sexy figure of Dupree's niece, accepting Jade's handshake.

"I understand you suspect an employee of embezzling from Dupree Enterprises, is that correct?"

"Yes. My other niece, Jasmine, just returned from college with her master's degree and is preparing to take over the accounting department. She's been reviewing the books, getting familiar with the company, and noticed some discrepancies. She's not finished yet but, as far as we can tell, whoever it is has already siphed about $500,000.00 spread over several different departments."

"It seems like you're already on the trail of your culprit. Why then, Mr. Dupree, did you feel the need to hire a private investigator?"

"Are you familiar with the office rumor mill?" asked Jade with a small smile. 

"Isn't everyone?" April replied, her eyes locking with Jade's for just a few extra seconds.

"Well, it appears that said rumor mill has caught on to the fact that we've discovered the embezzling. My uncle, Jasmine and myself have begun receiving threats," replied Jade, ending on a sigh. 

Dupree now spoke, "We were hoping you could assist Jasmine with her investigation and assist us with security. I raised Jasmine and Jade since they were little girls. They're my daughters, as much as they are my nieces, and I'm very concerned for their safety. They each received a threatening email recently. I'm hiring you to insure that nothing happens to them while they track down whoever it is skimming from this company."

Just then the office door burst opened. "Uncle John, we do not need some knuckle dragging, too stupid to stay on the force, ex-copy turned PI stomping around the company while Jade and I find out who's skimming. How dare you drag some PI in here behind my back," ranted the vaguely familiar newcomer.

At the sound of the door, April had pivoted around, only to find herself face to face with Red. As the woman's tirade came to an end, their eyes locked. April could feel a surge of electricity spike between them as the fiery beauty glared at her.

"You," she spat. 

"I'm guessing you're Jasmine Dupree."

"Yes I am. And who, exactly, are you?" Jade demanded, eyeing April top to bottom, giving a disapproving look to the casual clothing.

April stepped towards Jasmine, hand extended. "April Shaughnessy. Knuckle dragging PI. For the record, I've never been a cop. Too many rules," April replied with a smirk, which quickly spread into a wicked grin as she heard Jade's snort of laughter behind her.

"Oh great, a cowboy with bad manners. In case you haven't noticed, cher, you're in New Orleans, not Texas," Jasmine looking pointedly at April's worn, black leather cowboy boots.

"Oh these," April said looking down at her boots with a girlish smile. Then, raising her head, locking eyes with the petulant red head, April took a small step closer. With her grin still in place, she baited the little brat, "Well, these are standard PI issue. You know, sometimes security just involves giving someone a good kick in the pants." 

At this remark, Jasmine's emerald eyes widen, a look of pure shock spreading across her face, rushing to keep up with the blush that was turning her cheeks the same striking shade of red as her hair. Unable to contain herself, Jade burst into laughter, enjoying the sparing match between her baby sister and the PI. Jade eyed the lean, brown haired woman, admiring the way April stood almost toe to toe with her sister, not the least bit intimidated. Jade had the passing thought that life was about to get a bit interesting.

Jasmine was sputtering with indignation, yet unable to come up with a quick reply. Satisfied that she had taken the wind out of her sails, April turned back towards Dupree and Jade. "I'll need to know what type of security precautions you already have in place. I'll also need to see copies of the threats each of you have received and you'll need to brief me on where you're at with your internal investigation into the missing money. Where would you like to start?"

Dupree turned towards Jade, "Could you please get copies of the letters and emails. Also, have Debbie bring us copies of the building blue prints and security procedures. Jasmine, why don't you call out for some lunch. None of us have eaten yet and I'm sure Ms. Shaughnessy didn't get much in the way of lunch on her flight."

With that, Dupree walked toward the conference table, motioning April to join him. Jade flashed April a quick grin as she grabbed Jasmine's arm, dragging her sister out of the office with her. April stood, enjoying her view of the two departing women, smirking at the memory of Jasmine's shocked face. Taking a seat, she had the fleeting thought that New Orleans's women seem to be as spicy as its famous jambalaya.

###############

Several hours later, April stood on a street corner in the heart of the French Quarter, eyeing a small neighborhood bar called Mama's. Dupree had mentioned that the owner was a friend of the family and would be happy to rent April the apartment above the bar, since she hadn't had time to book a hotel room in her rush to get to New Orleans.

Crossing the street, April pushed through the old saloon style doors. It was early evening, but the small bar was already starting to fill up. She stepped out of the way of an older man who came up behind her carrying a guitar case, the band for the evening already starting to file in. Spotting the bar on the far left, April headed over, mentally crossing her fingers in the hopes that the rent wouldn't wreck havoc on her business's take for the month.

Nearing the bar, a large black woman stepped out from the kitchen, yelling to the old man with the guitar. "About time you showed up Otis. How am I supposed to run a blues joint with no blues?" The old man just waved her off, still heading for the stage. Just then, the woman turned toward April, spotting her standing hesitantly at the end of the bar.

"What you drinkin' cher?"

"Nothing now. John Dupree sent me down. Said you might have an apartment to rent me, short term."

"You that PI from out east? John called just a little while ago, told me you might stop in."

"Yeah, that's me. Is the apartment available?"

"Sure thing cher. Just let me get the keys and I'll meet you out front. Door to the apartment is around the side."

April headed back out. Looking around the corner she saw a small, dead end cobblestone alley and a set of steps about half way down. At the far end of the alley stood a small fountain, flowers planted along the fence at the U-shaped end of the alley. Well that's not so bad, she thought. God knows I've been in worse places. Just then she heard the swoosh of the saloon doors and turned to see the owner bustling towards her, the woman's large frame barely clearing the doorway.

"I'm Mama Dubois. Don't worry, I run a clean joint. Folks get a little rowdy from time to time, but this isn't some wild bar like what people hear stories about. You'll sleep just find up there and no one will bother you. Follow me, hon., and I'll show you the place. If you like it, I'll let you have it for $100 a week, since you're a friend of the Dupree's and all."

April felt the grin spread across her face. This older woman with the booming voice seemed like good people and $100 a week was one hell of a deal. She followed the woman down the alley, hoping the apartment wasn't a hole in the wall. Looking up, she spotted a little balcony with a wrought iron railing and a few flower boxes filled with geraniums hanging over the sides. So far so good.

Mama hauled herself up the short flight of steps and opened the apartment door. She stepped inside and held the door open, waiting for April to follow her inside. Stepping in, April was shocked to find a darling little apartment. There was a small kitchen area off to the right, with a wooden breakfast nook in the far corner beside a small window. The hallway they stood in went straight back and she could see the bathroom through the open door. Off to her right was one large room, already furnished. A four-post canopy bed stood, the headboard pushed against the far wall so the bed faced towards the alley. A matching dresser stood beside it in matching cherry wood. In front of the bed, closer to the balcony, was a comfy looking couch with a small coffee table in front of it. The couch faced the glass French doors, which opened out onto the small balcony she had seen from the street. April walked over to the French doors, pushing them open and walking out onto the balcony. There she found two lounge chairs and a little end table. The apartment had hard wood floors with a couple of throw rugs strategically placed.

Staring around in amazement, April turned towards Mama. "Are you sure you only want $100 a week, or is there a catch," she asked, suspicious, eyes narrowed. 

Mama let out a booming laugh. "No catch, cher. John told me you're down her to help out the family and protect his girls. I've known the Dupree's my whole life and those two girls are near and dear to me. If you're going to look out for them, then I've a mind to help you out. $100 a week, no strings. Unless something happens to those two sweet girls, then you and I will be having words."

"Sweet? Jade, maybe, but sweet doesn't come to mind when describing Jasmine Dupree," April commented, her mind going back to the battle she had with Jasmine just a few hours ago. April had strongly suggested to Mr. Dupree that he hire bodyguards for Jade and Jasmine. Jade had just made a face like biting into something sour. Jasmine, however, had gone ballistic, flat out refusing to let some over grown thug follow her around all day. April had then remarked that Jasmine wouldn't be able to do much for Dupree Enterprises from the grave. At that, Jasmine had announced the meeting was over and had stormed out of her uncle's office, Jade following on her heels trying to calm her sister down.

Chuckling, Mama said, "Yeah, John mentioned that you two got off on the wrong foot. She's a real hell fire, that one, but mostly she's just gotten a bit of a chip on her shoulder as of late. Some folks at Dupree weren't happy when John handed over the financial reins to a 25 year old. They're both sweet girls, but Jasmine's got a lot to prove and it's made her a little prickly."

"Just a little," April said with a snort. Mama just gave her a knowing grin. "Ok, I'll take it. Here's the first $100 to cover this week. If it's ok, I'd like to just pay week to week, since I'm not sure how long I'll be around."

Mama accepted the $100 bill April handed her, giving her a set of keys in return. "The bathroom's already stocked with towels and hand soap. If you need anything, just come on down to the bar." With that, Mama headed out the door, leaving April to marvel at her good luck.

Throwing her suitcase on the bed, April searched for a phone outlet. Finding an empty one near the couch, she plopped her laptop on the coffee table and settled down to search the net. It was quickly approaching seven o'clock and, feeling wired from all the traveling she'd done today, she searched for a gay club in the quarter she could check out. Not knowing how Mama felt about lesbians, she didn't want to push her luck by asking her about it, possibly putting the brakes to the nice deal Mama was giving her on the apartment. 

After a quick Google search, April found a place called The Kitty Club that was just a few blocks away. Not having time to find a rental car, April decided to stick to whatever was within walking distance. After a quick shower, she dressed in her favorite leather pants, boots and a black silk poet's shirt, which had a rose embroidered on the back. April played with the lock on the front door, making sure she understood how it worked before leaving. With that settled, she took off down the street towards Bourbon, hoping she might find someone to hook up with. Work had kept her pretty busy the last few weeks and she could feel the pressure building up. Then again, that could just be from sparring with a certain gorgeous red head all afternoon, April thought with a grin. Sexy, but hell on the nerves, was how she was beginning to think of Jasmine. Jade, on the other hand, would have been worth at least a dinner date, if not for her being a client. 

Deep in thought, April was surprised to find herself in front of The Kitty Club so quickly. Pushing thoughts of the tempting sisters aside, she stood back and eyed the small line beginning to form at the door. She rushed over and jumped in line, just beating out a large group of girls who had just come around the corner from the parking lot. April quickly began flirting with the little blonde just ahead of her, but the line moved quickly, and April soon found herself inside the club, the blonde having disappeared. Oh well, she really wasn't my type anyway, April thought. Standing just inside the entrance, she took in the scene. On her right was a small group of tables with a second floor loft just above it with more tables. In front of that was a large fence, stretching from floor to ceiling, separating the tables from a recessed dance floor, which also had a small stage where the DJ was perched. Beside that, and directly across from her, was a raised floor, about two steps up, which housed several more tables. Then, to her right, was a circular bar with booths against the far wall. 

April elbowed her way up to the bar and, catching the eye of one of the bartenders, ordered a tequila and orange juice. Raising an eyebrow, the bartender, a petite girl with black hair spoke, "Tequila fan, huh? You wouldn't be friends with our famous Tequila Club would you?"

"Tequila club? No, sorry. I'm too new in town to belong to any clubs just yet."

The bartender pointed to a group behind April who were sitting on the raised platform beside the dance floor. In front, near the brass railing, several tables had been pushed together. Counting chairs, April figured there were about six people sitting there, but only two were there at the moment. "That's the group we call the Tequila Club. I swear, those girls can do shots all night. They've only been here about an hour, but I'm sure they'll get started soon enough. You should go over and say hi. Maybe they'll invite you to join them," the bartender said with a wink.

"Thanks for the tip." April sat at the bar watching the table while she considered doing just that. About ten minutes later, she saw one of the women waving at the bar, trying to get the bartenders attention, while turning to look at a group of women coming towards the table from the dance floor.

The bartender tapped April's arm. "That's their signal to bring over the first round of shots. If you want to help me with these, I'll introduce you," the bartender suggested as she layed two trays on top of the bar and began setting up shot glasses. Free pouring tequila, she filled a scary number of shots, and then handed one of the trays to April. She came around from behind the bar with the other loaded tray.

Not wanting to waste a golden opportunity, April quickly fell in step behind the woman, threading her way through the crowd. As they neared the group, April swore under her breath. Pulling out chairs at the far end of the table where none other than Jade and Jasmine Dupree.

Too late to back out, April took the two small steps in one stride and approached the sisters, gently placing the tray of shots, lemon and salt shakers down, directly in front of them.

As the two woman looked up, April received to vastly different reactions. While she watched a grin spread across Jade's face, Jasmine looked like she could spit nails. Jade quickly greeted April, "Howdy cher. Where you at?"

Making a show of looking around, April replied, "Last I checked, The Kitty Club."

Jade laughed. Watching her blue eyes alight, April began to question her own rule about not getting involved with clients. "No silly, 'Where you at?' is Cajun for 'How are you doing?'" Jade explained.

"Oh. Pretty good, thanks. That is, I will be if your sister stops looking at me like I'm something unpleasant she just found on her shoe," April said, grinning at Jasmine, daring the little spitfire to start another sparring match like the ones from that afternoon.
