 Janet Kinsella was newly divorced and happily so. She had been married for 23 years, some happy, some not so, until she had found out that her husband had had a string of discreet but plentiful affairs. After confronting him, he announced that he found everything about Janet bland, nonsensical and boring. She had calmly packed his bags the following day whilst he was at work, put them in the garden, called a locksmith, had all the locks changed and then got in her car and driven to the coast. She stayed there for 3 days, ignoring her mobile phone and the endless calls whilst she decided on her next move. Decision made, she got back into her car and drove home to find the bags gone, along with her husband.

It had taken almost 6 months to reach a final agreement and by the time she received her decree absolute she had started to turn her life around. A haircut and a dye to get rid of the terrible grey took 10 years from her and reminded her of the person she used to be, all those years ago. She put almost all her clothes in the charity bin and went and bought a completely new wardrobe. Clothes that, 10 years ago, she would have run a mile from, but she had trusted the judgement of an old friend and had come home with bags full of skirts, well cut jeans, tops, lingerie and shoes. Heels, corsets, bras that gave her oompfh, stockings, it was all there. She smiled to herself as she thought about the deep sense of embarrassment she had felt as she tried it all on, eyeing herself critically.

Now, she stood in front of her full length mirror and gave herself the one eyed squint. Stood in her bra and panties she pinched her skin between her thumb and forefinger. She was not actually in bad shape for 46, although she had long remnants of bearing 2 children, the small stomach overhang, the ripple of stretchmarks across it. Janet turned around and looked at her backside, the definition of the curve poking out from under her jersey boxers which hugged her hips and the curve of her waist. The black showing off her naturally olive skin to its best advantage, her matching bra doing the same for her torso and shoulders, the gentle round of each breast, smoothing up to her decolletage. As she eyed herself she found that she was still nicely in proportion and fairly pleasing to the eye, although in her opinion, her thighs were too big.

Shrugging, she slapped each thigh in turn and watched it ripple slightly. Janet put on her skirt, which like her panties hugged her hips and she smoothed the material flat. Her blouse was black, in direct contrast to the red of her skirt and it caressed her breasts as she buttoned it up, tucking it into her skirt, reaching under her hemline to pull it down smoothly against her skin. Sitting down with her skirt at her thighs, she pulled up her stockings one by one, smoothing them to her legs. Standing, Janet pulled her skirt back down across her hips with the flat of her hands and finished off the ensemble with a pair of red 4 inch heels. Giving herself the final 'once over' , she picked up her travel back and walked down the stairs. Putting on her long red coat, she buttoned it and wrapped a scarf stylishly around her neck, letting herself out of her front door into the cold night air, she turned, double locked the door and walked down the steps to the road. It was 10pm on December 30th.

Janet hailed herself a taxi and sat back as it jolted around the streets. Finally reaching their destination, she paid the driver and let herself out of the cab. Closing the door behind her, she thanked the driver and turned on her heel making her way into the railway station. She stood and looked around, taking in all the people. There were less than she had originally thought there would be and she scanned the concourse, taking in the drunks, the lovers, the elderly. All hurrying off in different directions, down for the tube, across the station, sauntering or running to platforms for trains which were either about to leave or would still be there in 5 minutes time. Stations to Janet always smelt of the same things, diesel, people, cold air and for some reason, tobacco. It took her back to day trips with her parents to wonderous places and in turn her early trips with the children before they had been able to afford two cars, she suddenly lamented that they had not gone by train to more places, the excitement building as it made its way to its destination, the fields flying by, tunnels and bridges, watching cars waiting at level crossings as they sped past to places new and exciting. 

Shaking herself Janet looked around for the person she was to meet. She had arranged to visit her daughter at university in Glasgow for New Years Eve or Hogmanay as the Scots called it. Mary had stayed at university each year for Hogmanay and Janet's husband had always insisted on staying at home in London. This year, was going to be different and Mary had insisted that her mother see the New Year in in style. Something that Janet was more than happy to do. So she had set the wheels in motion very quickly and decided to go up on the overnight sleeper from London. Mary had suggested that her mother bring Marys best friend with her, Janet was more than happy and 20 year old Emma was more than happy to split the cost and share a berth.

Searching carefully, Janet spotted Emma standing looking up at the departures board. She walked up behind her and smiled as Emma squeaked in fright as Janet greeted her.

"Hello Emma," her voice sounded overly loud suddenly despite the comings and goings of the station.

Composing herself, Emma turned. "Oh, hello Mrs Kinsella, I didn't see you there."

Janet smiled to herself and looked the girl up and down. Her hair was screwed up on top of her head haphazardly and she wore jeans, a sloppy top and a leather jacket which was open. The night air was having an obvious effect on the girls' braless breasts and her nipples stood out against the light fabric of her shirt. Janet smiled again as she remember her ex husbands comments about hanging hats. Taking notice of her surroundings once more she found that Emma was watching her with a quizzical expression on her face.

"Oh! Sorry dear, call me Janet, please. Are you ready?" She smiled and turned once again towards the platform where the train stood, carriages resplendent in blue livery. She walked down the platform, referring first to the guard who pointed the way with a smile, then to her ticket, mentally cross referencing the detail on the carriages and the ticket.

Behind her, Emma walked, appraising Janet. This certainly was not the Mrs Kinsella that she had grown up with. She was used to seeing sweatpants and t shirts and hair scraped up severely from her neck and face. This Mrs Kinsella actually swayed when she walked. Emma had simply not recognised her in her heels and elegant clothes, her make up and bags, striding down the platform with her head held high. This Mrs Kinsella was something to behold. As she was walking in a world of her own, Janet turned around and smiled.

"Come on slowcoach, I brought some champagne," she smiled. "It was supposed to be for tomorrow but I can always get some more." Janet held up a big bag and Emma heard the bottles chink together. She smiled and sped up down the platform to arrive at their carriage side by side. Looking up Janet smiled at the steward and held out the tickets, the guard greeted them both, stepped down and helped both Janet and Emma onto the train, lifted their bags and then showed them to their berth. Opening the door he let them go into their room, put their bags into the room with them and showed them where everything was. With a cursory nod to them both, the steward turned on his heel and walked out leaving them to get settled.

"Top or bottom?" Janet turned and smiled at Emma.

"Oh I don't mind, umm top." Emma replied.

Janet put her bags on the seat and moved to pull down the top one for Emma to put her baggage on. Emma moved and held onto the other handle, together they pulled the berth down.

"Well its compact but looks like fun," Janet giggled. Emma stood and watched her with a grin.

Janet kicked off her shoes and left them lying in the middle of the small floor-space. "Right, lets break open this bubbly," she smiled, "It will have to be tooth glasses."

"Oh I shall go and get some from the dining car," Emma replied giggling, "You open a bottle, I won't be long." She disappeared out of the door and turned towards what she hoped was the dining car.

Janet reached into the bag and pulled out one of the bottles she had there, sitting down, she suddenly thought that putting the top berth down was maybe not the best idea they had ever had. She stood again and took Emma's bags off, stored them and pushed the berth back up into its hiding place again. She then sat down once more and made herself comfortable. Just as she was uncorking the champagne, Emma opened the door and bid someone goodnight as she came through it with two glasses.

"Everything ok dear?" Janet asked.

"Yes, I just got chatting to someone in the dining car and we were walking back the same way." Emma replied.

"Ah ok. Now, want some of this?" Janet asked swinging the bottle at arms length. Emma smiled and held out both glasses. Janet filled one and as she was filling the other there was a sudden jolt from the train as it started moving, Emma temporarily lost her balance and staggered, knocking her legs against the bed and sat down with a bump.

"Well at least I managed to keep it all in the glass." She said with a giggle.

Emma sat back next to Janet and they started talking, memories led to laughter, which in turn led to more champagne and soon they had drunk the entire bottle. Emma stood up and rooted in her bag, standing up triumphantly with a handful of bags of snacks. 

"Oooh yum," said Janet, "goodies. You always were good at stashing food for later." She finished with a smile.

Emma giggled again as she moved back to the sit down, trying to keep her balance against the sway of the train. As she sat, she dropped the bags between them and curled her feet up under her. Janet tipped the bottle up over her glass and tutted as the last couple of drops dripped into her glass. Shuffling off the bed she wandered over and reached into the bag pulling out a second bottle. She uncorked it carefully and moved back to sit down again. 

"Christ this skirt is driving me nuts." She said, sliding it upwards towards her hips, wriggling as she did. Emma watched in amusement as Janet wriggled and swayed, the red satin sliding up her legs.

"Why don't you just take it off?" She said laughing as Janet staggered about.

"Well I suppose I could, if you didn't mind." Janet replied looking at Emma. 

Emma simply shook her head and reached for the bottle in Janet's hand. Pouring herself another drink as Janet removed her skirt and carefully folded it and lay it over a rail with some towels. Her blouse came down and just brushed the curve of her backside leaving a gap between the bottom of it and the top of her stockings. 4 inches of pale cream flesh in stark contrast to the black of her blouse, stockings and panties.

Janet moved back towards Emma and held out her glass. Emma poured and then, putting the bottle between her thighs for a moment, took the glass back from Janet as she sat down and got comfortable. Janet took the bottle from her and put it on the floor in a corner, hoping it would keep it steady against the movement of the train. Turning slightly, Janet put her hand down and grabbed a bag of the snacks. 

"Let's see what we have got here," she said, holding the bag up to read what was inside. "Oooooh, salt and vinegar." She grinned opening the bag and reaching inside to search. Emma watched until Janet had found and opened her crisps, then handed her glass back to her. Picking up another bag, Emma looked inside and grabbed a bag of cheese snacks. They sat in companionable silence as they ate, Janet suddenly overtaken by a fit of the giggles.

"It's like having a midnight snack back at school," she laughed, stuffing another crisp into her mouth and folding up the empty packet.

"I know," Emma replied giggling, "Wanna chokkie bikkie?"

Janet laughed and nodded as Emma picked up the bag. There was a light thud as something fell and they both looked down. Emma went bright red, her face a picture of shock, her mouth formed into an 'oh' as they both sat and looked at a deep purple palm sized vibrator. Janet looked up and raised an eyebrow at Emma. Emma smiled and shrugged.

Reaching to pick it up again, Janet got there before her and held it up for closer examination.

"Hmmmm," she pondered. "this is an interesting little thing. I take it that it IS what I think it is?" She pushed the small button on the end and a low buzz filled the room. "Goodness, fierce little thing isn't it?"

Emma, having stood up and filled her glass again, reached and took it from Janet handing her the bottle. 

"That's only the first setting," she said as she pushed the button again, "its got 7 of them, feel." As she finished her sentence she lightly placed the vibrator on Janet's thigh.

Janet jumped slightly at the contact and bent to put the bottle back down again, almost spilling her drink as Emma sat back down and made herself comfortable.

"Oooh," she said, straightening up, "that really does feel nice," and she sat quietly as Emma went through the different settings. Closing her eyes, she savoured the feel of it on her skin as Emma ran the vibe over her thigh softly, letting each setting run for a short time, buzzing and pulsating against her skin. Sighing softly she lifted her glass to her lips sipping softly. Emma watched as Janet relaxed and it occurred to her that Janet had probably never had a vibrator, she certainly did not strike Emma as someone who would own one, never mind use one. She moved adjusted slightly and moved it over Janet's black stocking clad leg. Mesmerized by both the sound and the movement of it over the silk. They sat drinking, with Emma tracing patterns until her glass was empty again. She turned off the little vibe and put it down next to Janet who opened one eye and looked at Emma.

"That felt really nice." Janet said softly.

Emma just smiled as she reached over her for the bottle which was still on the floor, her breasts brushing Janet's thighs as she reached over her and put her hand down to pick up the bottle. As she tried to get up again, she lost her balance and wobbled, her hand now landing on Janet's thigh. She laughed and apologised, sitting down again and pouring the last of the champagne from the second bottle into each of their glasses. Janet looked at her and took what seemed to be a deep breath.

"Soooo, does that feel as good everywhere else?" She asked, blushing.

"Oh even better," Emma replied giggling at Janet's blushes. "Its wonderful on your nipples and on your clit, well, its mindblowing." She finished with a wicked grin on her face. Emma knew if she hadn't drunk so much champagne she would not have even have turned it on and let Janet feel it, never mind make a hint at what was now going through her mind.

Janet sat quietly and attempted to hide her blushes behind her glass, mumbling an oooh as she took a sip. There was no denying, her curiosity was piqued and her body was going into overdrive, she suddenly wanted to explore herself, learn things she had never broached all her married life.

Emma leant over and kissed Janet gently on the cheek. Well, she thought, if I am going to do something, I may as well start. Janet turned her face towards Emma and smiled, about to ask why she had deserved that suddenly. Emma took the moment and stole it, moving back in swiftly but cautiously she kissed Janet. Janet's initial reaction was to pull back but it was almost immediately over-ruled by her head and she sighed softly. Kissing Janet could do. She let the thought that she was kissing a girl escape her as she melted into Emma's kiss, taking in the soft lips, as Emma's tongue gently teased Janet, finally sliding into her, playing with her. Janet turned her body towards Emma and moaned softly, encouraged by the moan Emma kissed her harder, her kiss more intense, deeper, her tongue winding itself around Janet's as she let out a gentle but deep moan that echoed Janet's.

Emma's hand came up slowly and softly ran across Janet's breasts, fingernails trailing over her blouse, to catch on her nipples deliberately, circling as she felt them harden through the fabric, her free hand coming up to undo the buttons slowly, each one undone leaving skin to be teased with a fingernail. Reaching the top of Janet's blouse she used both hands to slide it from her shoulders, reaching behind her to unclip her bra. All the time continuing to kiss Janet, her hands now sliding Janet's bra from her shoulders. Emma broke the kiss momentarily and looked down. A deep, shuddering, needful moan left her and she moved back in to kiss Janet once more, her hands moving back to her breasts, gently stroking them, gliding over the skin, circling the nipples and cupping them, softly lifting them while her thumb ran over the tip of her nipple. Janet moaned in their kiss, arching her shoulders towards the younger woman as she manipulated her breasts and her mind.

Unable to wait any longer Emma broke the kiss and bent to Janet's breasts, small, light butterfly kisses across her skin. She let her tongue glide softly over Janet's nipple, Janet moaned deeply and her hand came up to rest on the back of Emma's head. The younger woman took Janet's nipple in between her lips and toyed with it, flicking it with the tip of her tongue hard, feeling it harden as she did, taking it between her teeth, pulling gently but enough to be felt before sucking it between her lips. Whilst her lips worked on one nipple, her fingers worked on the other one, rolling it gently between her fingers, pinching slightly, letting her nail dig into the tip, just enough to cause a little pain and make Janet draw her breath in sharply. Janet leant back on her hands, turning towards Emma further, lifting her legs onto the berth so that she could lay back further. The thoughts cascading through her mind ignored as her wants and needs overtook her. Emma broke away and moved to straddle Janet, now clothed only in her panties and stockings, the olive of her skin glowing as Emma watched her briefly before kissing her once more.

Emma lifted her top and Janet breathed deeply as the younger woman exposed her pert breasts and erect nipples. Looking down at Janet, Emma smiled.

"Your turn," she said and leaned forward to be within Janet's reach.

Janet immediately blushed and bit her bottom lip. She sat up slightly and licked her lips nervously.

"Don't worry," Emma said softly, "just do what you know would feel good on you and we will go from there."

Janet leant forward and gingerly took one of Emma's nipples between her lips. The younger woman moaned softly and pulled Janet into her as she started to suck on her already hard nipple. 

"Ohhh that's right, now, bite." Emma said. Janet obliged and bit down gingerly. "Harder." Emma hissed through clenched teeth. Janet bit deeply as Emma moaned, her hips moving over the older woman as she got lost in the sweet pain cascading through her body, pulling back from Janet so that her nipple was stretched taut. Janet let it go with a snap of her teeth and moved to the other nipple to repeat the process. As she did, Emma put her hand over Janet's and played with her still wet nipple, encouraging Janet to pull on it harder, to inflict the pain that Emma enjoyed so much. As Janet did so, Emma's head went back and she moaned deeply at the abuse her nipples were taking. Janet's nails digging into Emma's breast, making her moan deeper. 

Emma slipped her hands around Janet's waist and rested them there, letting the older woman get used to her, not wanting to rush anything immediately, knowing there was time yet to enjoy herself. She watched as Janet surrendered herself to pleasuring Emma's breasts, taking each one in turn, biting the creamy, sensitive flesh, the dark rose pink areola, the hardened darker nipples. Emma lowered her hips to sit on Janet's thighs lightly, letting her fingers play softly with the older woman's waist and the tops of her hips, tracing patterns over her stomach, her fingers never fully leaving Janet's skin, simply touching what she could from the position she was in, just scraping the bottom of her ribs, marvelling in the shape of the woman, her stomach not flat but still in incredibly good shape. Janet would ooze sex appeal if she only knew how to utilise it Emma thought, tonight, she decided, she would start to learn.
