 It was my first time alone with Claire, my brother Roger's cute fiancée. He met her at a church social, which seemed funny to me because she brought out the raunchiest feelings on my part.

It had been a whirlwind courtship, and now the family was getting ready for a June wedding. Claire has a great body -- big tits, a firm ass, and slim legs: the kind of woman who gets me hot. I had an urge to kneel, pull her panties down, and lick her pussy. 

I was especially taken with her tight ass. I imagined applying punishment to her, spanking that lovely ass until it turned rosy red and then spreading her ass cheeks and exploring the sensitive area around her anus with my tongue. 

But it was too soon for that sort of thing. Maybe later, I figured, if I were lucky.

Roger sent pictures of her to the family before we met her in person, and they aroused me to the point that I got wet thinking about her. I had nasty thoughts about her even before we met, and I loved it.

I'd unbuttoned the top of my blouse, wondering if she would want to run her lips down my neck and into my cleavage. You never know, but I had to find out if she was interested. I haven't had much sex since breaking up with Lucy and was horny as could be.

"Linda, tell me about yourself, " Claire said.

"I'm Roger's lesbian sister. Does that interest you?"

"What? He never mentioned his sister's a lesbian!"

"He doesn't know," I replied. "Are you interested or not?"

She wet her lips and stared at my tits. "I might be."

That's how it started. She's a hot bitch who never had sex with a woman before she met me.

I smiled at her, "Roger travels a lot. You'll want company."

At that point, Roger walked in. "Are you two getting acquainted?"

"It's been great to meet Claire, " I said. "I think we have a lot in common."

She nodded her head to show that she agreed about having a lot in common. Roger had no idea about the heat that had just arisen between us. 

Six weeks before the wedding, Roger announced that he had to go to Cleveland for business.

I said, "Hey, I think Claire ought to get an apartment in Chicago, rather than the motel she's been in since coming to town. She'll be living here full time soon, anyway, when the two of you get a place. I want to spend more time with her, so we can get better acquainted."

She nodded in agreement, and Roger said it was a good idea. He had no idea at all of what was happening between me and Claire. Men are such fools when it comes to lesbian action; they can't imagine their woman lusting after another woman. Claire moved into an apartment just before Roger left for a four-day trip to Cleveland the following week. Claire and I saw him off. On the drive back I said, "Let's have a snack at your place. OK?"

The bitch answered, with a grin: "What sort of snack?"

"Eating pussy and getting eaten in return," I said.

She reached over and fingered the first button of my blouse. Then, she worked her way down to other buttons, exposing my breasts. I hadn't worn a bra or panties that morning.

I almost ran the car into a guard rail as she played with my nipples. It got more intense when she reached down to my skirt and put her hand underneath, finding my shaved pussy.

"Christ!" she said. "You're wet. You weren't kidding about pussy."

"I never kid about pussy," I said. "It's a passion of mine."

We spent the next three days at her apartment, having food delivered from a nearby Chinese restaurant, and making love until we fell back, exhausted, on the bed. 

I'd packed a bag in the trunk of the car, filled with sex toys, lube, and a double-ended dildo. We made use of most those things. The double-ended dildo enabled us to fuck each other at the same time. What a hot bitch she'd turned out to be!

At first she was awkward at eating pussy, since her previous oral sex was with guys. I reassured her that being a cocksucker was good experience and that she would catch on quickly. She did catch on; by the end of three days in bed with me she was quite good at pleasuring me, and she climaxed whenever I made love to her pussy with my tongue.

My favorite position is "69": I ate her pussy, while she ate mine. We tried that with me on top and her on the bottom, the other way around, and even side-by -side. It was all good.

A few times during his trip, Roger called to say hello. She sat there, stark naked, saying how much she missed him -- all the while I kissed her breasts, played with her pussy, or knelt down, spread her thighs, and ate her. 

I consider myself an expert pussy-eater. The main things are to use your tongue properly, and to make love to a woman's clit, the most sensitive part of her pussy. It should be done slowly and carefully, making sure that she's responding as you make love to her. Every woman is different, and it's a voyage of discovery to give head to a new woman. Claire started to breath hard as I tongued her, from her slit up to her clit. Then I used my tongue on her pussy lips, along both sides, and then back up to that lovely button, her clit. By then her clit, what I call her "girly cock", was starting to emerge from its protective hood. It hadn't come out yet, I would have kept up the tongue action. That works unless the woman is simply not in the mood, or frigid. Claire is NOT the frigid type, and she was definitely in the mood. When I sucked on her clit she moaned and came, releasing a flood of her juices. We kissed and held each other.

It became even better as we spent so much time in bed, in the shower, wherever the mood struck us. We've tried some variations. I love to use my tongue on the perineum, the sensitive path between her asshole and cunt. She almost exploded the first time I did that to her. Now she does the same for me. 

I can't wait to try out the latest toy, a black strap-on. It's the sexiest thing imaginable, sticking out like a real cock, and nestled against my pussy so that I get aroused as I fuck her. Actually, I like it both ways, fucking and getting fucked. Life is interesting.

Roger travels a lot, which is a good thing. He often tells people how great it is that his sister is such a good friend to his wife. She and I agree whenever he says that.

Sometimes I wonder how Roger would feel if Claire fucked him in the ass with the strap-on. THAT would be interesting!! Maybe someday.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * *]

Copyright 2004 by Lesly Sloan. This story may not be distributed or copied without the express permission of the author. All comments are welcome.