 It had been a long hot day at camp, when Mandy and I headed back up to our tent. We had spent much of the day hiking the trails around the girls camp that we were currently councilors at. We were enjoying the summer, even though the job required that we stay at the camp three weeks out of each month, and that we had to live in tents that whole time. But the pay was okay, and it was only for this summer. After this, we would both be off to separate colleges, starting new lives.

After the hike, we were both sweaty and dying to take a shower! We grabbed our towels and clean clothes and started to make our way to the shower house. Most of the girls in our camp, were already up at the cafeteria house, and this gave us enough of a break to get cleaned up. On our way there we ran into Sandy, another camp councilor from the next camp down the trail from ours.

"Where are you guys going?" She asked.

"We're going to head to the showers." Mandy responded. "We've been hiking with our group for much of the afternoon."

"Can you guys wait for me?" she asked, "I would like to take one too. My group is also up at the cafeteria, and I have a break too. It's been since yesterday morning, since I took a shower."

"Sure," I said, "We'll meet you at the shower house, unless you catch up with us before we get there." And we turned and started to head to the shower house, while she headed back to her camp to get her things.

The shower house was just about a quarter mile down the trail. There were only two of them in the whole camp, but this one was the least used, because of it's distance from most of the camps. As we walked down the winding trail, we talked about the upcoming year of college. I found out that Mandy was going to be a freshman at Michigan State University, just about a hour away form where I lived. She would be nineteen years old in a few days and she couldn't wait to be out on her own, at school. She said that her parents had been pretty strict, and she hadn't had much of a chance to date, until this year. But, since she still lived at home, when she wasn't working at camp, they made it difficult for her to socialize, always telling her that as long as she lived under their roof, she would live by their rules. Of course, one of their rules was to not come home past 9 o'clock and no boys in the house. She rolled her eyes at the idea of it, knowing that she had a right to do what she wanted, now that she was eighteen.

As for me, I told her that I was also going to be a freshmen at Central Michigan University, this fall and that I had just turned eighteen this past June. I also told her that my parents were much like her's. They had been fairly strict, not letting me date until I was eighteen, but since I had spent most of my summer working at the camp, I hadn't had much time to do that either. I had never intimately been with a boy before, other than sneaking a few kisses behind the football bleachers, during a game, with my boyfriend from school. He sometimes wanted me to sneak off with him, during the game, but I was too shy to go any farther than kissing.

When we were about half way to the shower house, we heard Sandy run up behind us, panting from her sprint. She smiled as she caught her breath.

"Okay, I made it!" she said.

"You didn't have to run the whole way," I giggled.

"I know," she replied, "but, I wanted to have some time before the girls get back to camp, after dinner."

The shower house was just a short walk through the woods, now. On our way there, Sandy shared a little bit about herself. She said that she was eighteen, and only had a half a year of high school left. She had been held back a half a year, due to bad grades and many days of skipping school. She only needed a few more credits to graduate, but her boyfriend had been a bad influence on her, since she had spent many school days skipping with him, driving around the country side. Her parents felt that if she spent her summer working at the camp, that it might make her more responsible. She giggled at the thought.

"I will do better this last half a year of high school," she said, "because I just want to get my credits, so that I can get a job and move out on my own."

"Where will you be going this year?" I asked.

"Sterling School for Girls," she smirked, half laughing, "It's a school for wayward girls like myself."

"I see," I responded with a smile, and I left it at that.

Sandy seemed like the wild type, and I wasn't sure how she got the job at the camp. Surely, she didn't seem like the type of person, that one would expect to reasonably watch over a group of girls. She was tall and thin with wild looking blue eyes that were full of spirit and life. She sported a beautiful tan, in which she loved to show off, with her super short shorts and half cut off shirts. She had long, wavy hair that reach down to her waist, and a figure that any girl would be jealous of. But she seemed nice enough and she was pleasant to talk to. I admired her spirit and wished that I had more of her daring attitude.

As we reached the shower house, we were surprised to find that we were the only ones there at the time. That would be good, since we wouldn't have to wait for any showers to open up.

As we entered the shower house, Sandy started removing her top and flung it onto the nearest bench. To my surprise, she wasn't wearing a bra and I couldn't help but notice her perfect breasts standing out before her. They were larger than mine, but just as firm and round. 

As she slid the rest of her clothes to the floor, I found myself standing there admiring her view. She was now facing away from me, looking through her bag for her shampoo. She was a graceful site in the works, as the curves of her waist gave way to the swell of her hips. Her legs were long and well shaped, supporting the light frame of her body. For the age of eighteen, she was very much a woman, with her tanned skin and perfect curves. I felt a twinge of envy turn in my stomach, as I realized how beautiful she was.

Just then, she turned and looked at us. "Well, girls," she smiled, "aren't you going to get undressed and get in the shower?"

Realizing that I was staring at her, I blinked my eyes and looked away towards Mandy.

"Of course," I said, and stared removing my own clothes.

Mandy started undressing too as Sandy made her way to the showers. I could hear the water turn on as I tried to bring my mind back to what I was doing. I didn't know why I had found myself staring at Sandy like that. I had never done that before and I had never felt an attraction to any woman before. But maybe it was just my jealousy of her. She was so beautiful, while I was still developing my figure. I was hoping that neither of them noticed my gaze.

As I took the last of my clothes off, I looked down at myself. I was thin with smaller round breasts, but I was impressed with my own tan, even though it wasn't as dark as Sandy's. I stood about 5'7 and I weighed about 115 pounds, with a bone structure that was smaller than most. It gave me a more youthful appearance than most girls my age, and sometimes I just wished I just blossom out! I had wavy shoulder length, blond hair, that I kept cropped into a stylish bob, to keep out of my way during school time sports. I had thought about growing it out longer, but just didn't have the patients for it.

As I wrapped a towel around me, I noticed Mandy already heading towards the showers, with her towel over her shoulder. When she disappeared though the doorway of the shower room, I sighed and followed after her.

The shower room was one large, open room, with three shower heads on each wall. The room was bright, even though there were only two smaller windows in the room. It must have been all of the shiny-white ceramic tile, that covered the walls and floor, that helped make it seem so bright in there.

As I made my way to one of the showers, I hung my towel on a hook just a short distance from where I would shower. I turned on one of the showers, jumping back at first, to the cold water that came blasting out. I heard Mandy giggle behind me.

"Careful," she said, "It's really cold when you first turn it on. You'll have to give it a few seconds to let it warm up."

"I guess so," I replied, turning to face her.

Mandy was cute for her age. She had long, dark brown hair that reached half way down her back and a round, youthful looking face with dark eyes. She had a little bit larger bone structure than myself, but still very thin and beautiful. Her breasts were a little larger than mine, fitting in proportion with the rest of her body.

I tried not to look at her too long. I didn't want her to think that I was looking at her in any way improper.

Finally, the water warmed up enough for me to dare to get underneath it. It was still just a little bit cooler than I liked, but warm enough to get clean. I put my face up against it's spray, wetting my hair and letting it run down my back. I could feel a slight shiver run down my back as the water flowed down over my body. In a way, it was very refreshing. I hated being at all dirty or sweaty.

As I started shampooing my hair, Sandy decided to strike up an interesting conversation.

"So....," she started, "Do either of you have a steady boyfriend?"

"No, not really," Mandy replied, "My parents had been fairly strict and they make it sort of difficult for me to have a boyfriend."

"I sort of do," I answered, "but I haven't seen him since I started working at the camp. We were never really serious, anyway. I've just snuck a few kisses here and there, while under the bleachers with at the football games."

"Oh....." she said, turning to face me, "Here and there you say? Where is here and there?" she asked with a smirk on her face.

"What do you mean?" I asked, with a puzzled look on my face.

She giggled again, "I mean, where did he kiss you? Did he ever kiss your pussy?"

I could feel the heat go to my face in embarrassment, as I tried to respond. "Noooo....He kisses my lips. I would never let him......let him.... do that!" I could hear myself stutter over my words as they came out of my mouth. I tried to smile, but I was nervous about the comment she made.

I could see Mandy standing there, with her mouth open in amazement. She was just as shocked as I was, by her comment.

Sandy giggled again, "You have no idea what you are missing. I let my boyfriend eat me out all of the time. It is the most wonderful thing he does to me." She paused for a moment and looked at me from across the room, "You mean to tell me that you had never thought about it?"

I wasn't sure how to respond and I didn't know what she expected me to say.

"Why.... no!" I said, trying to keep myself composed.

"Mmmmmm......" she moaned as she slid one of her hands between her legs. "You should try it some time. Once you've been eaten, you'll want it all of the time." I could see that she was fingering herself deep inside, as she closed her eyes, " I miss him right now. I've gone almost an entire month without him sticking his tongue deep up inside of me." 

I couldn't believe what I was hearing and seeing. What planet was this girl from! I turned my head to see what Mandy's reaction was, and she was just staring at Sandy with her mouth still wide open in amazement. Then she smiled and giggled at Sandy's little show.

Then Sandy snapped herself out of it and giggled at us again. She turned and put her face into the spray of the shower. "Chill out girls. You are both so inexperienced. Everyone does it."

Sandy continued with her shower as she lathered soap up over the middle of her body. She continued up over her breasts as Mandy and I just stared at her with amazement. Finally, I turned around and tried to continue with my own shower.

As I began lathering soap up over my own body, I found that I couldn't get the image of her masturbating with herself, out of my mind. To my surprise, I could feel a warmth of excitement swell between my own legs. What was going on with me?! I was finding that I was actually turned on by the scene of Sandy feeling herself out. I tried to push the thought of it out of my mind. I didn't want to think about it, but my mind kept wandering to that image. Then, I found myself imagining her boyfriend with his head pressed firmly into her crotch, licking his tongue into her hole. I had never imagined anything like that before, and it was making me really excited, inside. 

As my hands glided over my own soapy skin, I took in the feel of it's own slippery softness. I cleaned over my buttocks, bringing my hands forward over the tops of my thighs, then lightly between my legs, just below my own secret place. I tried to make it quick, like I was just cleaning myself, but my finger lightly touched my own outer rim, causing me to shutter inside.

What was I doing?!? I tried to shake the image from my head.

All of a sudden, Sandy spook again in a seductive voice, "Haven't you ever thought about what it would be like to have another girl lick out your own pussy?"

I spun around to face her, finding that she was only inches away, looking at me. I stood there almost paralyzed. I didn't know what to do.

"Well, haven't you?" she asked, as she put her hand up to touch my wet hair. "Haven't you ever laid alone in your bedroom, imagining that you are having your pussy eaten by another woman, while you finger yourself into orgasm?"

I could hear Mandy giggle again, across the shower room, to the side of me. "I've thought about it." Mandy said.

Sandy looked over at Mandy and smiled, then looked back over at me.

"She has," Sandy said to me, "but, I'm curious to know if you ever have. I think that you are lying if you've said that you haven't at least thought about it once."

I stood there silent for a moment as she played with the strands of my hair close to my shoulder. Actually, I had never thought about it. Maybe it was my sheltered lifestyle. I had never been exposed to the possibility, therefore I had never thought about it.....until now.

But now, Sandy stood before me, naked and wet with her hair clinging to the front and back of her, in long strands. She was is picture of beauty and grace, and somehow, I tried to imagine what it would be like to touch her.

Mandy had said that she had thought about it before. Maybe it wasn't so abnormal to think about those type of things. Somehow, I was finding myself more at ease with the thought, now that I had a chance to let the thought of it settle in.

I looked up at Sandy as she looked back at me. Before I realized it, she was kissing me on the lips, and she slid her arms around me a pulling me close to her. My first instinct was to try to push away, but something inside of me, forced me not to. I started to kiss her back, feeling the softness of her lips against mine. I could feel her breasts pressing up again mine, as the water passed between us, making our skin slick against one another. I found myself enjoying the taste of her and I brought my arms around her waist to hold her against me.

Suddenly I realized that I was kissing Sandy in front of Mandy. What was Mandy thinking? I broke my lips away from her's to look at Mandy. Mandy was leaning up against the shower wall, watching us, as she proceeded to bring her fingers between her legs to feel herself. She put her head back as she masturbated her own pussy as she watched us. Mandy was just as turned on as I was finding myself to be.

When I turned back to Sandy and she started kissing me wildly again. I felt her grab my ass in one of her hands as she drew my hips up into her's. I felt one of her legs slid in-between mine, as she rose it up to rub against me. As she increased the pressure of her leg between mine, it caused me to shiver in excitement. Then, she gently lead me backwards, so that my back was up against the shower wall. She drew her mouth away from mine to plant kisses on the side of my neck. As I laid my chin over Sandy's shoulder, I looked towards Mandy to find that she was still pleasuring herself, as she leaned against the other wall, with her hands between her legs.

I closed my eyes and began running my hands up and down Sandy's back. The water made her slick, as my hands glided over her skin. I was lost in the feel of her against me. My body wanted her and "I" wanted her, but I couldn't explain why. The feel of her was too alluring for me to deny her. Then she brought her hands up to my shoulders and looked at me with hungry eyes, and she slid them down the length of my arms, grasping each wrist in her hands. Again, she presses her lips to the base of my neck and I could feel her tongue searching the contours of my neck. She was still holding my wrists as she pressed them against the wall, almost restraining them there. Her lips began to move down below my neck, tongue still searching my skin, through the water that glazed down our bodies. As she moved even lower, I felt the warmth of her lips touch my breast. A tingling sensation ran through me as I felt the first warmth of her mouth caress my nipple. She took it into her mouth and began to suckle on it. I felt a moan come from deep within me as I lost myself in the sensation of her sucking on me. She was wild, taking my breast into her month, her head moving gracefully to the rhythm of her body.

I was focusing on only myself now. I was almost unaware of my surroundings, other than the shower that rained upon us. The feel of Sandy, was my only focus as she laid her kisses of pleasure on my sensitive skin.

Finally, Sandy released my wrists to run her hands down the sides of my hips to the front of my thighs. I felt them settle there briefly, as her month traveled lower, towards my navel. I felt her tongue circle my belly button, as she planted kisses and thrust her tongue into it. My skin prickled at the way she touched me. Then, I felt her hands glide to the inside of my thighs. She gently pushed my legs out, as I stood up against the wall. She proceeded to move her lips lower, to the top of my pubic hair.

I wasn't sure what to expect next. No one had even been so close to my most private place. I wouldn't even let my boyfriend touch me there fully clothed! Sandy was the only one that I dared to let touch me, and I didn't know why. There was something exotic and intoxicating about her, that made me want her to touch me.

I felt her tongue tease the skin just underneath the top of my sparse pubic hairs and I moaned at the feel of it. Instinctively, I brought my own hands up to caress my breasts, as I got more lost in the experience. I felt her move even lower, as she moved her hands up between my legs just below my place. I felt the light pressure of her hands spreading me farther apart and as the heat of her breath hit me where it was most sacred. I wasn't prepared for what was to come next. I felt Sandy bring her head up between my legs and kiss the rim of me hard, as her tongue shot up inside of me. I let out a faint scream as I felt my legs tighten around her head, but she continued to hold me open as she probed her tongue deep inside of me.

My breath quickened, in deep pants. My body twitched as I felt her take my flesh lightly between her teeth, tugging on it as her hot breath hit the moisture coming from deep within me. She put her tongue back into me again, swirling it against my inner walls, causing me to shutter. My head spun, and I became dizzy with pleasure. I tried to brace myself against the wall as I felt my legs become weak. It was all I could do to keep my legs from buckling beneath me. Then I felt her slide her finger inside of me as she licked on my clit liked a hungry animal. She moved within me, rotating her finger in a way that made me want to scream.. A feeling of complete ecstasy shot through the center of me like a hot flame, as my inner walls began to close around her finger, over and over again. I could barely hold myself up as the waves of orgasms came. I could feel the panting screams come from my throat, but I couldn't hear myself while I was lost in the sensation of it all.
