 WALT PLANS HELEN'S NEXT ADVENTURE

Walt was sitting in the living room of his Algebra Teacher from high school. 

Mrs. Loraine Brass asked, "Well what did I do to deserve this visit." 

Walt knew she was divorced and also was a lesbian, having given up on male sex altogether. She was also the cheerleading coach and as rumor has it has seduced many of the girls, particularly in return for making the squad. She had tried to seduce Karen unsuccessfully. 

"I wanted to share a video with you featuring one of your cheerleaders, her brother and her mother," Walt revealed. 

"Really and why should I be interested in that video," Loraine inquired. 

"Because this lady is so hot that I believe she will do anything and I am convinced that she has not yet had a lesbian experience," Walt replied. 

"So you know about my sexual preferences and you think this person would be a target of my affection," she said, "Well let's see the tape for starters."

Loraine popped the tape into her VCR and watched it with Walt for the next several hours. She couldn't believe it was Helen Lloyd, Karen's mother in the video. Helen had always seemed like such a prude. 

"So what makes you think that she would be interested in lesbian sex and why do you think that I would be interested in her," Loraine went on. 

"Well Mrs. Brass, Helen is a beautiful sexually charged woman and I think that you would like to have her eat your pussy," Walt retorted. 

Loraine thought about it and was indeed turned on by the idea. She could invite Helen over to play bridge with two of her lesbian girl friends and see where things went. She was getting excited about the possibility. 

"What do you want in return, young man?" she addressed Walt. 

"I want to capture the sex scene on Video," he replied, "And I promise only to show it to Helen the next time we are together," he added. 

"Okay young man, we have a deal, but if you cross me I'll cut your big dick off and throw it down the garbage disposal. I'll be in touch," Loraine told him.

HELEN'S BRIDGE PARTY

Helen was on her way to Loraine Brass' house and was flattered that she had been invited to substitute for one of the regular bridge players. When she arrived at the house she was greeted by Loraine and introduced to two other ladies about her age, Jenny and Kelly. The afternoon was delightful as they played bridge and the wine flowed generously. Helen was unaware that she was once again drinking wine spiked with an aphrodisiac. She started to feel a bit tipsy and horny as the afternoon wore on.

"That's enough cards today girls, it is time for the Jacuzzi," Loraine announced. 

"I didn't bring a bathing suit," Helen said. 

"Not to worry, we never wear them," Loraine laughed and added, "It's totally private out back." 

The women began to remove their clothes. Jenny just let her sun dress drop to the floor and she was totally naked underneath. She was a beautiful woman with long straight blond hair, small pert like tits, gorgeous legs and a perfectly round bubble butt. Her body was completely golden tan.

Kelly was a very pretty redhead with ample breasts, shapely hips and ass. Loraine had more the Latin look, dark hair and eyes, olive skin and a very shapely 36-22-36 body. All of them kept their pussy hair well trimmed into cute little tufts and they were all very fit from hours of athletics. The three of them approached Helen and proceeded to undress her, telling her not to be so shy. Jenny & Kelly led Helen out back to the Jacuzzi while Loraine placed a phone call to Walt to signal the start of the action.

Jenny and Kelly sat on either side of Helen but close enough so that their bodies were lightly touching Helen's. Loraine joined them and sat across from Helen staring at her with her deep dark eyes. The conversation was small talk, which eventually turned to sex. The women talked about their sexual disappointments with men and life after divorce. Loraine asked Helen how her sex life was but Helen didn't dare mention the recent sexual episodes with Walt and his teenage buddies, so she claimed celibacy.

"Don't you get horny anymore?" Loraine asked. "What do you do then," she continued. 

"I usually rely on my dildo for those moments," Helen said stretching the truth. 

The women laughed and said, "We do too along with other things!" Helen realized that both Jenny and Kelly had moved much closer to her and their bodies rubbed up against her. They also had begun to move their hands over her thighs and breasts under the water. Helen was nervous but also a little turned on and thought that the touching was innocent enough.

"Have you ever made love with another woman," Loraine asked Helen as she slid off of her seat and moved toward her. 

"Why certainly not," Helen snapped back. 

"I think you should try it Helen, the three of us do it all the time and it is much better that relying solely on your dildo. Loraine positioned herself in front of Helen and reached up to cup Helen's tits. Jenny and Kelly continued to stroke Helen's thighs and began to kiss her neck and ears. Helen froze not knowing what to do. 

"Just close your eyes and relax," Loraine instructed her. 

Helen followed her instructions and tried to imagine that the boys had returned to fuck her. Soon she felt her pussy being probed with fingers, her tits and nipples being fondled, kisses on her face and neck and then a kiss on the lips with a tongue pushed into her mouth. The fingers in her cunt had worked their magic and brought her to her first orgasm.

"Let's move inside girls," said Loraine. 

They all got out of the Jacuzzi and helped Helen to her feet; she was clearly feeling the effects of the wine, aphrodisiac, Jacuzzi and her initial orgasm. Jenny and Kelly guided Helen into what Loraine referred to as the playroom. The room was very spacious with soft bedding placed all around. They eased Helen down on the soft cushioned floor. Jenny and Kelly lay on either side of Helen and began kissing her tits and sucking on her nipples. Loraine moved between Helen legs and placed Helen's thighs on her shoulders, and then she began to lick Helen's pussy. Loraine probed Helen's pussy with her fingers as she ate her to another orgasm. Loraine moved away and Helen was then turned over on all fours. Jenny slipped underneath her and began to lap at her pussy as Kelly moved behind Helen and started to rim her asshole. 

Helen went wild and was soon bucking and humping again with orgasmic convulsions. Jenny and Kelly switched places and continued their pussy lapping and ass rimming. Jenny had a longer thin tongue that probed deeply into Helen's ass, driving Helen insane. Loraine moved to the front of Helen and positioned her pussy in Helen's face. 

"It is your turn, my dear," Loraine urged Helen. 

As if in a trance Helen moved her mouth to Loraine's cunt and began to eat her pussy as if she had been doing it her whole life. 

"She is a natural," proclaimed Loraine and then yelled, "Oh this is going to be a quick one." 

All the buildup had Loraine so excited they she came in Helen's mouth immediately. Loraine's pussy was replaced by Kelly's and after her orgasm it was Jenny's turn. Helen sucked on their cunts as if she was obsessed with their pussies. 

Walt had been videotaping the whole scene from the viewing room behind the playroom. He was getting turned on by the scene in front of him and wished that he could join in, but did not dare leave the room. He was thankful that he would be seeing Karen later that day and would have plenty of cum stored up for her. Walt had no idea what was yet to happen with these ladies.

Loraine got up and went over to a chest in the corner of the room where she retrieved four dildos 2 strap-on dildos and 2 two headed dildos that had to be 18" to 20" long with a fake set of balls in the center. Loraine strapped on one dildo that was almost as big as Walt's cock. Kelly strapped on the other one that was about the same size. Kelly lay on her back and Loraine had Helen straddle the dildo and lower her pussy on it. Loraine then greased up Helen's asshole and her strap-on. Loraine pushed the fake cock all the way into Helen's asshole and then she and Kelly began to fuck Helen's brains out. Helen was grunting and groaning and urging them on when Jenny offered her cunt to Helen again. Helen plunged her tongue into Jenny's pussy without hesitation. 

The girls continued to work Helen over; switching positions with the dildos and having Helen eat them out. Helen was then rolled on her side and one of the two-headed dildos was placed in her pussy and the other one placed in her ass. Jenny got down facing Helen and pushed the other head of the dildo into her pussy. Kelly got behind Helen and pushed the other dildo into her pussy as well. Loraine slid her strap-on dick into Kelly's asshole and the girls began to hump each other. 

Jenny reached up and played with Helen's tits while Loraine reached around and fondled Kelly's big breasts. After Jenny came she pulled off the dildo turned around and this time placed the head into her asshole. Jenny pulled Helen's hands around so that she could play with her tits. Loraine pulled out of Kelly's ass and moved over to Jenny. She pushed the strap-on dildo into Jenny's cunt and humped the daylights out of her. 

The combinations seemed to be endless for the rest of the afternoon and Walt continued filming the women and maintained a raging hard-on all day. Helen had just about passed out so Loraine drove her car home with Jenny and Kelly following to bring Loraine home. Walt finished up by making a copy of the tape for Loraine and then left her house. 

Later out that night with Karen, Walt shot his wad immediately when she fished his cock out of his pants sending cum flying all over her and his car. 

"Sorry but I've been thinking about you all day and I had this hard-on all day," Walt offered as an excuse. 

"I'm sure you have plenty left," said Karen as she lowered her mouth to his cock. She was right and she was rewarded with a mouthful of cum.

Loraine, Jenny and Kelly sat around watching the video Walt had left for them and agreed that they should add Helen to their bridge group. Loraine wondered if she could get that hot little daughter of Helen's into the sack as well. She would call Walt to see if he could set it up.

HELEN LOOKS AT WOMEN IN A NEW WAY

Helen couldn't believe what she had become. She was obsessed with sex; it was on her mind all the time and now it didn't matter whether it was men or women. She had already called Loraine to thank her for introducing her into the world of sapphoric love and asked if she could see her again. Loraine had Helen over for afternoon tea and sex several times. She also invited Helen to the bridge group again and this time they dispensed with the card playing and moved right to the playroom.

Helen continued to see Walt when she could and also continued to entertain his friends whenever possible. She even found herself looking at her daughter in a different way, although she had more sense than to approach her own daughter. 

Loraine had taking her shopping to a special store that specifically caters to women. A couple pretty assistants helped Loraine and Helen try on different outfits. The assistants, two very pretty blond girls dressed and undressed the Helen and Loraine, touching their G-spots as they did. 

The two women became very horny and the two girls proceeded to eat their pussies, which was part of the service. Helen and Loraine also got to eat the young tasty pussies of the two girls as well. 

Loraine called up Walt and invited him over to her home to discuss her next conquest. Walt was quite surprised when Loraine asked him to help her seduce Karen, his girlfriend and Helen's daughter. Walt told Loraine that he thought he could set it up but for payment Loraine would have to arrange for Walt to be able to fuck Loraine, Jenny and Kelly in the ass. Loraine agreed but made it clear that Walt was not to come anywhere close to their pussies. It was arranged that Walt would invite Karen over to help him with the next video taping session of Helen and Loraine.