 "It's beautiful out here." Sara said as she stood at the edge of the path staring down the beautiful mountainside. It had just rained so the normal dry golden hue was replaced with a field of bright green vegetation as far as the eye could see. Up above the sky was flawless blue with only a single lazy white cloud hovering aimlessly over head.

"Yes it is." Rachel replied as she stepped up beside her. "I'm so glad we came out here today. I just don't get nearly enough spare time, but with the holidays. . ." She smiled pushing her reddish brown hair away from her soft brown eyes. She was a beautiful mixture of black and Indian that gave her the best features of all races. Rachel's eyes were beautiful a beautiful almond shape with sooty lashes that always looked made up. Her high cheek bones gave her the smile of a model and she was constantly smiling about one thing or another. She'd been gifted with a curvy body, full heavy breasts that always seemed to strain against whatever she wore and wide hips that swished with her every step.

"With the holidays coming up I get you all to myself." Sara looked up at her friend and smiled before adjusting her khaki's on her slender frame. Unlike her tall friend Sara wasn't very curvy. She barely filled out the khaki shorts she'd chosen and her budding breasts were so firm they never needed a bra. Today her dirty blonde hair was pulled back into a hasty bun on the back of her head but normally she chose to wear it down around her shoulders. "We're almost to the spot; we'll set up camp there." She replied pulling her backpack a little higher on her shoulders and then tugging on her plain white tee shirt.

A satisfied sigh escaped the taller woman as she stepped away from the cliff face and started back up the mountain path. She'd chosen to wear a pair of her old cammie trousers and an olive green undershirt for the hike. "I wish I had more time to do this sort of thing. I'm always so busy doing one thing or another at my job that I never get to do this."

There was a slight pause as Rachel turned toward Sara and smiled. Sara started to speak but as soon as her lips parted Rachel responded by leaning towards her and pressing her lips to Sara's. The two lovers gently embraced, Rachel's arms gradually encompassing the smaller woman and pressing against her. "I love you." She whispered breaking away from the kiss, just holding Sara close for a moment and staring at the sky.

The response was physical, rather than verbal as Sara leaned up starting a second kiss. This time she slipped her tongue past her lips and into Rachel's mouth letting her tongue slip into the other woman's mouth. Sara brought her hands up gently caressing Rachel's face as the kiss continued leaning closer for a moment before breaking the kiss. "Plenty of time for this later." She whispered before stealing on last quick peck and backing away.

"Tease." Rachel whispered before turning and following her up the hill. 

It too the girls most of the day to get to the camp site but it was well worth the time they'd spent on the hike. It was just a few feet from a shallow stream and completely surrounded by tall trees. Rachel was former military and Sara had plenty of experience in the Girl Scouts so between the two of them it only took a few minutes to get the tent up and water boiling over a small campfire.

"You know I really love the outdoors." Rachel mused as she lay back on her sleeping bag. She'd only agreed to set the tent up as a precaution for rain, if she had any choice in the matter she'd sleep out here under the stars which were out in full effect. A breathtaking sea of stars completely coated the sky, too many for anybody to count.

"Yeah me to." Sara replied taking a stick and lazily poking at the flames then opening bag and pouring the contents into the bag. Sara had taken her khaki's off as soon as she'd gotten her sleeping bag set up. She was still dressed in her white shirt but now she had a pair of plain white panties on as well. The way she was sitting with her legs crossed the fire dancing over her displayed slender thighs. "C'mere." Sara cooed beckoning her lover over.

"What if somebody sees?" Rachel replied sheepishly pulling her sleeping back up around herself. There really wasn't any need though; the only clothing she'd taken off was her boots which were sitting next to the fire.

"There is nobody out here." Sara replied with a wicked grin as she pulled her shirt up and over her head tossing it aside. Beneath she was wearing a plain white bra; she smiled shaking her chest at Rachel. "Trust me; we're completely alone out here." She whispered reaching back and unhooking her bra to reveal her creamy white breasts.

One last nervous look around convinced Rachel that the two were indeed alone. The dark skinned beauty crawled from one sleeping bag to the next finally pressing her lips to Sara's. As always her lover responded instantly wrapping her arms around Rachel gently tugging at her shirt. There wasn't much resistance from the larger woman as her olive drab shirt was pulled off and tossed next to her boots. "I've wanted to do this for a long time." Rachel whispered softly, letting her tongue slip between her lips exploring Sara's throat. 

Meanwhile Sara tried to unfasten Rachel's black bra. Normally it wouldn't have been complicated at all but in the dancing shadows and her excitement she couldn't work the clasp. "Rachel." She gasped gently biting down on her shoulder and slipping her fingers beneath the bra strap. Instead of releasing the clasp she just pulled at the bra until Rachel's D-cup breasts were released into the warm night air.

"Ooooh." Rachel gasped as the warm air caressed her flesh. She could feel the blood rushing through her body hardening her nipples. The gasp melted into a moan as Sara's lips abandoned Rachel's shoulder and traveled down her chest. Sara didn't go straight for the nipple, instead she slowly worked her way over the succulent flesh, licking and kissing over Rachel's breasts. Her lips were so close that Rachel could feel her breath wash over her nipple but she kept her lips a few inches away. 

"You like that?" Sara asked slowly trailing her tongue slowly over Rachel's stomach, circling her naval then lightly dipping into it. A slight moan was enough of an answer for Sara, as she dipped her tongue into Rachel her fingers were busy unfastening the cammie trousers. The first button came undone with ease but cammie's have a button fly that Sara had to claw and rip at before she could get them open. Beneath she was wearing a pair of yellow panties with green ducks walking all over them, normally Sara would have joked about a grown woman in Underoos, instead she just dipped her fingers into the elastic band and pulled them down and off. Rachel kept herself clean shaven other than a single stripe of trimmed hair right above her slight.

Her lips moved to Rachel's ankle, kissing slowly over the soft flesh there and moving up over the well toned calves. Days of hiking and years of military had sculpted Rachel's legs perfectly for Sara's tongue to explore. Her tongue moved behind the backs of her knees and between Rachel's thighs teasingly close to her womanhood. Rachel's legs parted in response, one lifted up over her lover's shoulder, the other pushed out to one side. Sara let her tongue dance slowly closer, over her inner thighs and down closer to her lips. Each time her soft lips got closer Rachel moaned and squirmed trying to get hips in the right position. Sara's tongue danced away though each time though, never quite letting Rachel get the pleasure she ached for.

"Don't tease me." Rachel gasped, her chest heaving with every deep breath she took. Her face was already starting to glow with perspiration as her stomach clenched up. Rachel arched her back pressing her juicy slit to Sara's teasing lips. A final desperate moan was enough to make Sara relent, the tip of her tongue tracing Rachel's moist pussy before parting her lips scooping her clit with her tongue. 

Sara's tongue moved expertly over Rachel's clit, thrusting, twisting and spinning over her clit. She ignored Rachel's legs slowly wrapping around her head squeezing each time Sara's tongue grazed her just right. Rachel's hands slowly slipped down over her body caressing her breasts and over her smooth stomach down to tangle in Sara's dirty blonde hair. She tangled her fingers in Sara's hair pulling her closer to her. Sara responded by holding her tongue firmly and thrusting it into Rachel wriggling it around inside her.

Rachel's legs clenched as she felt the electricity down to the very tips of her curled toes. Her pussy clenched down around Sara's tongue trying to pull her farther inside her. Rachel's beautiful brown eyes were clenched shut like her teeth so the only sound escaping her lips was a suppressed moan. Finally her body collapsed down onto the sleeping bag and Sara's hair slipped from her grasp. "Oh my god." Rachel smiled looking down at Sara's smiling face.

The blonde gave one last parting lick before moving up into her lover's arms and kissing her cheek gently. "You're yummy."

"Don't say that!" Rachel said slapping Sara's arm playfully.

"Why not you are." She answered playfully slapping her back. 

"Is the food done?" Rachel asked putting her hands behind her head. The sound a twig snapping caught her attention before Sara could respond though. "You hear that?"

"Hear what?" Sara responded leaning up over the pot and dipping a spoon into it slowly stirring the soup.

"It was probably nothing." Rachel replied gazing up at the stars. "We should do this more often."

"We should."