 HELEN - TAKE 3

Helen was scheduled to visit Loraine this week and Walt planned to bring Karen into the film room while he videotape the session. Karen would be unaware of the fact that her mother would be starring in the video. 

That night Walt and Karen decided to watch the videos with Karen in them . Karen and Walt got horny watching them and then they fucked their brains out that night. As Karen lay there thinking about the video and remembering what is was like to have multiple sex partners, she was brought back to earth when Walt asked her if she had ever had sex with another girl. 

"No I haven't, why do you ask, what is on your perverted mind now," she asked? 

"Oh I just wondered, I know some of the girls in school swing both ways including some of the cheerleaders," he replied.

Karen told him that she knew two of the girls had slept with Mrs. Brass just to make the squad. Then he told Karen that Mrs. Brass hired him to videotape one of her lesbian sessions tomorrow. 

"Do you want to watch it with me," he asked her. 

"Do I ever," Karen replied, "Who is it?" 

"I don't know," Walt lied, "I never know until I am there". 

Then Walt told Karen that the reason he was so horny the other night was because of videotaping a session at the teacher's home.

Walt and Karen arrived at Loraine's house and took their positions in the film room behind the playroom. Loraine walked in with Helen and they began to strip. 

"My cunt is dripping wet just from thinking about you on the way over here," Helen said to Loraine. 

"Well I have a cure for that" replied Loraine as Helen dropped to the floor and Loraine dove into her pussy with her expert tongue.

"Holy shit, it is my Mom," exclaimed Karen. "Damn is there anything she won't do?" she continued. 

Karen couldn't believe her eyes as she watched Loraine eat her mother to a rapid orgasm. As soon as Helen came in Loraine's mouth, Loraine rotated her hips around to place her hips over Helen's head without removing her mouth from Helen's cunt. Loraine lowered her pussy to Helen's mouth and Helen began to devour her. Helen reached up and cupped Loraine's firm ass and began to finger Loraine's asshole as she ate her to multiple orgasms.

Karen watched scene after scene unfold as Walt videotaped the entire session. She looked on in awe when Helen and Loraine used the dildo assortment on each other. Helen fucked Loraine's pussy and asshole then Loraine fucked Helen's pussy and asshole with the strap-on. The two women later fucked each other with the two-headed dildo with anal plugs stuck in their ass. Karen was extremely turned on and dropped her shorts and panties so Walt could fuck her from behind while she watched the two women engaged in torrid lesbian love. Karen was frantically rubbing her clit as Walt plowed her from behind. Karen trembled with a thunderous orgasm.

"Why don't you join them," Walt suggested. 

"I can't do that you are crazy," she replied. 

Then after Helen and Loraine satiated themselves, they cleaned up and left the room. Walt and Karen left quickly undetected by Helen. They parked on the way home since they were both still horny and fucked in Walt's car. Later that night Walt had convinced Karen to allow herself to be seduced by Mrs. Loraine Brass. 

After Walt dropped Karen off at home he returned to Loraine's house to inform her that he had arranged for Karen to visit her. Loraine was thrilled and promised to live up to her end of the bargain. She also asked Walt to videotape the session with Karen since she wanted to savor this experience. Walt asked Loraine if he could bring Helen along to sit in the film room with him. Loraine had a wicked gleam in her eye and told Walt that she would have Jenny and Kelly show up later and join in the fun. 

"Maybe we will get to witness the mother and daughter getting it on!" she said almost evilly.

HELEN AND CAST - THE FINAL VIDEO TAKE

Walt visited Helen the day before Karen was scheduled to be at Loraine's house and showed Helen the videotape he had made with Helen, Loraine, Jenny and Kelly. In stead of being mortified Helen was turned on by the tape and demanded that Walt take her upstairs and fuck her dripping pussy. It was a repeat performance with Walt fucking the shit out of her and leaving gobs of come in her pussy and asshole. Helen licked his cock clean almost worshipping it.

Walt then invited Helen to join him in the film room at Loraine's tomorrow and watch as she seduced a new girl and he videotaped the event. Helen was excited and agreed with Walt that her presence could not be known no matter what happened in the playroom. Helen got hot just thinking about it and Walt fucked her again to put out the fire in her pussy.

The next day Helen and Walt were positioned in the film room when Loraine and Karen walked into the playroom. Karen was still dressed in her cheerleading outfit following practice and Loraine was dressed in a white blouse and tight black skirt cut just above her knee. Loraine sat down on the sofa allowing her short skirt to ride up above the elastic tops in her hose; she looked very sexy that way. Karen flopped down in the chair across from Loraine and could see up her skirt to the pantied covered pussy. Loraine offered Karen a drink of ice tea, which contained the same dose of aphrodisiac that she had given to Helen. Karen complimented her on the iced tea about how good it tasted.

Helen was still in shock and wanted to bust into the room and break this up before it got started. Walt calmed her down and told Helen that it was supposed to be another women and he was convinced that Karen just came by to discuss cheerleading stuff. His lie worked temporarily and Helen settled down.

Karen could feel the aphrodisiac working on her although she was unaware that she had been given one, she was convinced that, the possibility of sex with Mrs. Brass was turning her on. Karen stood up to look out the window toward the back yard and got a little dizzy, she stumbled slightly and Loraine got up to hold her. 

"Sorry Mrs. Brass, I guess a got a little light headed for a second," Karen said. 

"Why don't you just call me Loraine," Mrs. Brass said as she eased Karen down onto the sofa, "Here sit down here," she offered.

Karen sat in the sofa and Loraine sat next to her. Loraine began to brush Karen's blond hair away from her face and lightly stroked her cheeks. 

"Tell me Karen, have you ever made love with another woman or with one of your girlfriends?" Loraine asked. 

Karen just shook her head from side to side somewhat nervously because she anticipated what was to happen next. 

"May I kiss you Karen"; Loraine asked her to which Karen nodded her approval. 

Loraine kissed Karen lightly on her cheeks and then her lips, then she parted Karen's lips with her tongue and began to French kiss her. Karen returned the kisses and began to coo, as she became more excited.

"I'm going out there," said Helen. 

"You can't Helen, you will embarrass the hell out of Karen and you aren't even supposed to be here," Walt responded. "If you don't want to watch then don't," he commanded. 

But Helen did want to watch and she could sense her own pussy starting to stir. Helen resolved herself to stay in the room and witness her daughter's seduction.

Loraine continued to kiss Karen deeply as she pushed Karen's cheerleading sweater and sport bras up over her tits. Loraine fondled Karen's tits and rolled the nipples between her fingers until they became rock hard. Loraine began to kiss Karen's tits and tongue her eraser hard nipples. 

"You have the most delicious little nubs"; she told Karen and rolled them lightly between her teeth causing Karen to moan with pleasure. 

Loraine dropped her hand to Karen's knee and stroked the inside of her thighs. Karen's legs flopped open giving Loraine access to her panty-covered pussy. Loraine rubbed Karen's pubic mound, which was now soaking wet with cunt juice.

"I better take these panties off before they become much wetter," Loraine told Karen. 

"Yes, oh yes take my panties off, please," Karen begged. 

Loraine knelt down on the floor and slowly pulled Karen's cheerleading panties down and off of her legs. Loraine then began kissing Karen's thigh working her way up to her pussy. 

Karen was going crazy and pleaded with Loraine, "Don't tease me anymore, and eat my pussy, please". 

Loraine started to lick Karen's pussy ever so gently but Karen grabbed Loraine's head and pulled her face into her cunt. Loraine continued to eat Karen through multiple orgasms as Karen thrashed around on the sofa.

Loraine moved up to sit beside Karen on the sofa and kissed her on her mouth allowing her to taste her own juices. 

"I had no idea it could be that good with a woman," Karen babbled. 

Karen began to kiss Loraine and rub Loraine's tits through her blouse. Karen also put her hand up under Loraine's skirt and found her panty-covered pussy, which also was soaking wet. Karen duplicated Loraine's moves and dropped to her knees in front of Loraine and grabbed the waistband of her panties and pulled them down and off of her nylon-clad legs. 

Karen then began to eat Loraine's pussy trying to duplicate everything that Loraine had down to her. Loraine put her legs on Karen's shoulders and slid down in the seat to make her cunt more accessible. Karen reached up and pulled Loraine's blouse out of her skirt pushing it up over her tits. Karen then unhooked Loraine's bra and let her tits spill out into her hands. Karen ate Loraine with an insatiable appetite as she squeezed Loraine's tits and rolled her nipples between her fingers. Loraine went wild and humped her pussy on Karen's mouth covering Karen's face with the juice from her volcanic orgasm.

Helen looked on in awe more than in disbelief. Helen herself was turned on and wanted Walt to fuck her while she watched. Helen took off her clothes and tried to get Walt to fuck her, but Walt was trying to save himself for the payoff and wanted all the cum he could muster. 

Loraine told Karen that she did so well that she had a special surprise for Karen. Karen emitted an audible gasp in anticipation of what was to come next.

"Well, well aren't we quite the sight" said Jenny as she and Kelly walked into the room totally naked. 

Karen and Loraine was quite a sight, Karen still had on her cheerleading outfit except for her panties with her top pushed up over her tits and her skirt bunched around her waist. Loraine's tits held up her blouse and bra and her skirt was bunched around her waist, she was still wearing her nylons. 

"Let us help you," Jenny and Kelly offered and they undressed Karen and Loraine. Jenny undressed Karen and took her time playing with Karen's erogenous spots in the process. Karen was ready to go again when Jenny removed the last piece of clothing. Karen recognized the two women from the video with her mother.

"You girls are a little early," Loraine said but you can help me with the dildos. 

"Are you ready for some dildo action Karen," Loraine asked? 

Karen just blushed from a combination of embarrassment and excitement. 

"Of course you are," added Loraine. 

For the next several hours it was a repeat performance of what Helen experienced but with Karen in her place. 

At one point Walt encouraged Helen to join them but Helen was torn between her desire and her parenthood. The desire won out as Walt Opened the door and pushed the naked Helen into the playroom. 

"Here is another player," he announced. 

The girls turned to look and smile at Helen. However Helen was a blur to Karen who was so overcome with lust. 

"Ah yes, Helen come and join us, you know the drill," Loraine said cynically. 

"Girls meet Karen's mom you both remember her don't you?" Loraine continued. 

"Mother and daughter, oh how delicious," Kelly said. 

Helen threw herself into the pile as Walt continued filming.

Loraine had Karen eat her mother's pussy first and Helen was so turned on that she didn't care if it was her own daughter as long as she got off. Helen came quickly and then Loraine arranged mother and daughter in a 69 position so they could eat each other's pussy. Jenny and Kelly got behind the mother and daughter and slipped the strap-on dildos into their assholes. Then Loraine had Karen and Helen eat out each other's asshole. First Karen ate Helen's asshole while Kelly lay under Helen fucking her pussy with a strap-on while Helen licked out Loraine's pussy. Then Helen ate out Karen's asshole while Jenny fucked Karen's pussy with a strap–on. Karen ate Loraine's pussy who ate Kelly's pussy.

It was an incredible scene and Walt had videotaped the entire session. The girls lay in a naked heap of bodies exhausted. The entire room smelled of intense sex. Walt left the house after making a copy of the tape forhimself. He was looking forward to his payoff.