 "Nice spot for a party," Candi Martin smiled, gazing around the interior of the luxurious beach house, then giving Mia Nelson, her latest model find and newest bedroom conquest, a suggestive wink.

Candi shivered, looking at the honey-blonde's sensational bod in the snug, glittery hot-pants ensemble Mia had chosen to tempt her with. 

Speaking of luxurious, Candi realized, not-for-the-first-time, Mia Nelson certainly looked the part. Absolutely, a woman as spectacular as Mia belonged in such luxurious surroundings. Certainly, from Candi's horny point-of-view, gorgeous Mia and her sweet, sweet pussy were the ultimate luxuries any woman could possess!

Or man, Candi reflected, bitterly. Overcome with envy and resentment of Alvin Nelson, Candi angrily acknowledged her true belief. That a woman as luscious as Mia Nelson was wasted with a man. Only another woman, Candi believed, could truly appreciate, love and enjoy everything sexy Mia had to offer. And give back to such a woman, all the delights she deserved.

Mia's husband was out of town, she had finally consented to another date, asking Candi to meet her at her and Alvin's beach house. After a week of either dodging Candi's calls or coming up with excuses to avoid getting together with a hot-cunted but frustrated Candi. 

And the horny photographer, desperate to get back with the spectacular Mia became very pissed. 'Fancy-assed cunt.' Candi thought. Playing hard to get. Lucky she was just the hottest fuck Candi had ever had or Candi, never one to pursue any particular cunt when she had so many available, might have just written Mia off. But the truth was, Candi was on the verge of being obsessed with Mia Nelson.

"I was beginning to think we'd never get our pussies together again, honey," Candi smiled back, drifting over to Mia, sliding her left arm around the pliant, yielding waist. "Every time we talk on the phone I get a stiff clit. But you've been playing very hard-to-get, haven't you doll?"

Mia giggled, wetting her luscious mouth, turning it up to Candi for kisses, her green eyes fastened on Candi's titties inside the frilly blouse. "Alvin's as suspicious as hell."

"Shit," Candi said. "What's he got to say about anything? Besides supplying you with money? I bet he's getting some on the side when he's out of town, like now."

"Well, you know how men are," Mia said. "He wants to play around and I'm supposed to save my goodies for him."

"I know," Candi said dryly. "One reason I've always chosen chicks."

Candi giggled, patting Mia's beautiful ass. A mingling of expensive cologne and pussy aroma reached her nostrils, her clitoris tingled. Her cunt in the sheer black panties beneath her miniskirt was already turning juicy. Remembering the feel of that sweet, hot cunt of Mia's against her crotch made her slightly dizzy.

"Got some more nice kisses for me, honey-babe?" Candi murmured, getting both arms around Mia's waist.

"Oh, wow, baby, you know it! But let's have a drink first, honey," Mia said, struggling a little. Those lush big tits straining at the pants-suit top, her charisma of total feminine allure, her teasing manner were driving Candi nuts.

"Cunt-teaser," Candi giggled. "You been spreading out for some other chick?"

Mia laughed. "Oh, maybe, baby. You get lots of pussy, so why shouldn't I?"

"Shit, there's no other pussy like yours, baby," Candi breathed, her clit stiffening. "Not like yours, luscious!"

Mia sipped her drink and slid closer to Candi on the couch. "Ooooh, baby, you really know how to talk to a chick, don't you?" Mia said, shivering. She was letting her mouth position for a kiss and Candi did not let that opportunity slip by. She took handfuls of Mia's hair, held her head gently in place and her lips and tongue went to town on the sweet mouth of Mia Nelson. One of Candi's hands slipped from Mia's hair and slicked down and squeezed Mia's ass. 

Reluctantly, Candi released her hold on Mia and watched her slowly, teasingly, get to her feet. Candi's hands trembled as she watched the beautiful honey-blonde slide her pants down from her ass. The mini-panties were very sheer, so was her bra. Jeeeese, what a pair of knockers! Mia's sexiness was drawing clear wetness into Candi's panties.

"This should be a real fun evening," Mia giggled, sitting her ass back down on the couch and snuggling up against Candi.

"Well, if you don't think that, baby, just reach down and feel my cunt," Candi smiled, gazing at Mia's tits in the sheer, smoky bra. "It's hot and throbbing and runny just for you, sweetie!"

Mia was shaky with excitement. She'd had to put Candi off for a week due to Alvin's suspicion and jealousy and she supposed she was playing hard-to-get a little as Candi had feared. Not that she wasn't boiling hot for Candi, after the unparalleled thrills of their session at Candi's studio. No! She was just a little concerned. Up 'til now it had been child's play to convince Alvin she was hot for his prick, but Mia was worried that the more she enjoyed cunt-rubbing with Candi, the more often she and Candi brought their pussies together, it might become beyond her acting skills to put on a good act for Alvin. After all, the man wasn't dumb. So, yeah, she was raging hot for Candi and looking forward to thrilling play-time with the sexy photographer and after a week, what better time than when Alvin was off, out of town?

Alvin was so damned square, he didn't know what real fun was all about. If he made out with that lush young secretary of his, she wouldn't care — as long as she didn't lose her setup. He was a very good provider of luxuries. 

Mia and Candi kissed. Their hot lips clung together as their tongues played together and their hands wandered all around each other's bodies. Then Candi stood and drew Mia to her feet. And then Candi was sliding her rounded, slender body in close. Her pantied cunt nestled deliciously against Mia's pussy, her sharp, hard tits thrust at Mia's tender boobs.

"Jeeeesus, I've really got a hard-on, honey!" Candi breathed, hunching. "I've been dreaming about that sweet, hot cunt of yours all week."

Mia shuddered. "Oh, me too, Candi! It was torture not seeing you for a whole week!"

"You don't know how glad I am to hear it, Mia," Candi whispered, her mouth just inches from Mia's eager, opening lips. "I'm gonna fuck you till you faint."

Oh, she really wants my pussy, Mia thought, more juice leaking out into her panties. I'm starting to think I'm better off with chicks. I'm certainly turning on better with Candi than Alvin. We're right for each other!

Soft music was playing and Candi pulled Mia tight and the two women swayed to the music, dancing closely together. But both the women were incredibly hot for one other and soon Candi's slow, sexy waltz with Mia morphed into worming her mons into Mia's cuntmound, her hands on the hot blonde's ass pulling luscious Mia's crotch as tight as she could to her own. Tremors of achy need bunched in Mia's crotch, she opened her thighs and the luscious wet push of the slender girl's cunt, even though both wore their panties, swept her lust toward a peak. As Candi's tongue stroked into Mia's waiting, clinging lips, her clit started to burn with erotic fire, her breasts puffed out, she seized Candi around the neck.

It was like their first hot kiss in Candi's studio, only sweeter. Mia tipped her burning cunt out farther, Candi shuddered, her tongue dived and dived! The dreamy pulse of the music, the fever in Mia's body, the mash of their mouths together, and Candi's eager humping started Mia's climax!

Her thighs shook, her ass moved quickly in when Candi's ass bucked, her legs weakened as the streams of honey shot up them to her tingling clit! Her tongue wrestled with Candi's tongue, she moaned deep in her throat, felt Candi's tightening grip, and what Mia had been dreaming about all week was finally happening!

She's pulling the fun from my cunt real fast! Mia thought dizzily. Ohhh, I don't even have that nice stinger of her's in my pussy! Just her mouth and her body are enough! There IS something special about going off with Candi, she makes my body come ALIVE! 

Throb after luscious throb beat through Mia's loins, her moans turned into a muffled cries of delight, she staggered and nearly fell! The silky squeeze and jiggle of their pantied cunts satisfied a deep craving in Mia's being, she was blowing her mind! Ohhhh, what a fun way to start a party! Candi wasn't coming, but she was really enjoying Mia's wiggles! 

"Oh, you hot, beautiful twat!" Candi panted into Mia's puffy lips. "Just wait till later, I'll get you off lots better!"

"Ohhh, riiiiight!" Mia panted, the pulsing aftermath tearing through her pelvis, enriching her lust.

They broke apart and Mia felt a whole flood of her fun-juice running down her legs. She staggered toward the bathroom, Candi right behind her.

Candi and Mia enjoyed a warm bath together. A fun bath, full of cozy, wet cuddles, hugs and kisses.

Freshened and totally naked now, Candi and Mia stood in the rest room, drying each other, fondling each other's bodies. Still flushed and excited from her orgasm, Mia was turning on again. Her big, beautiful tits were full and hard, her coral nipples as stiff as Candi's clit. She had waited so long to get it in Mia's dainty cunt she was feverish!

"Let me sit down, honey," Mia giggled, pushing her crotch at Candi's right hand. "Getting my fun standing up is hard on my legs!"

"Ah, sweetie, I wouldn't wanna cause any pain to those luscious legs of yours! I'll have your ass on a bed pretty soon," Candi breathed. She ran her play finger up and down Mia's cuntslit, gripping the curvy ass with her left hand. Mia shivered, her thighs spreading, her puffy mouth waiting for more tongue and lips.

"Jeeeesus, we really groove, huh, don't we, darlin'?" Candi murmured.

Mia gasped. She was caressing Candi's sharply-peaked tits, her slender waist.

Candi laughed. She released Mia and steered her out into the big party room. They moved to the big sofa, Mia floating down at Candi's left, her luscious thighs already spreading, her green eyes aflame with lust.

"Ohhh, shit!" Candi said, shivering. "I really am gonna give you the best fucking you ever had in your life." Her hand returned to Mia's swelling, dewy cunt. She had big plans for this chesty piece, very big plans indeed.

With sure deftness, she eased her play finger into Mia's shivery cunt, fastened her thumb to the sweet clitnub, and aimed her mouth at a hard, tempting pink nipple. Mia hunched out and up, a little hungry gasp of pleasure escaped her lips. She clutched at Candi's shoulders, arching her tits toward Candi.

As Candi began to tease and finger-fuck Mia toward another go-off, the beautiful honey-blonde moaned.

"Ohhhh, that's good, honey!" Mia moaned. "Don't ever stop!"

Candi shuddered, fastened her lips around a dainty tit-peak and sucked, winding her tongue across the tender, stiffening nipple. This was what it was all about, drawing the thrills from a very sexy girl's bod, feeling the little quakes of mounting need, the soft girlish whimpers of joy.

In a sweet daze of lust, Mia began to coast delectably toward her peak. Candi was so expert! She knew every little sensitive zone in a girl's cunt, there was something very special about the way Candi was inching the nuances of pleasure from her loins! She remembered the neat feel of Candi's long clit in her eager pussy, her head spun around, she hunched and hunched!

Suddenly they were sliding to the carpeted floor, Mia's legs opened wide, and slender Candi was climbing between her thighs, the playful finger was smoothly replaced by that stinger at the top of Candi's cunt! As it bored into Mia's trembling cuntflesh, as Candi began to fuck in slow, lingering cadence, Mia jerked her thighs away back, her breast curved high, her cuntmouth twitched against Candi's wet, hot cunt!

"OHH, Sweet Jeeeeeesus, that's sexy cunt!" Candi panted, her little pecker tensing in Mia's eager flesh. "I didn't get my gun off that other time, but I'm going to make it this time, baby!"

"OHH, yessss!" Mia gasped. "Bang me real hard, honey! Bang me 'til you pop! 'Til we both blow! Ohhhh, I'm soooooo ready!"

Candi shook wildly. She had never turned on so swiftly in her life! As much as she wanted to drag out the screw, she knew she would have to do that next time. The aroma, the flavor, the feel of this lush bundle was driving her nuts! Her clit felt as long as a real cock! The achy need in her loins had to explode!

Bracing her torso high, looking down at the twisting, beautiful face of Mia, those high, full tits, Candi started into her short strokes. What she had waited for and dreamed about for too many long days was starting to happen! She had taken this beauty from Alvin, she had more to offer than that fucker did with all his cash.

The sweet mash of Mia's heated pussy, the shake of her long, lush, superb thighs on Candi's restless hips and waist, the sudden lift of her beautiful ass as Mia fucked back, her fierce moan of need, the claw of her fingers on Candi's shoulders, started the fun! Heavenly twinges of lust drew along her legs to her busy ass!

"OHHH, fuuuuuuuk, shiiiiit!" Candi whined, jabbing her clit swiftly. "I'm coming off in your cunt, honey! Blow your mind, get your sweet fun-gun OFF!"

"NNNNN — OHH, OH, OH, OHH!" Mia cried, her cunt fluttering around Candi's driving girlie prick. "OHH, yes, yes! Here it commmmmmmmmes!"

Candi shouted! It was as if a hot poker had been jammed into her ass! The searching, surging pounds of her cumjoy tore her whole pelvis! Each beat seemed to stiffen her clit even more, her thrill-filled pussy was pouring hot honey into the sweetest cunt in the world. To mingle with the sweet syrup that Mia's cunt was was gushing in copious amounts into her's. 

********

It was now a couple of weeks since Candi and Mia had partied together at Alvin Nelson's luxurious beach house. Lots had happened. Mia was now living with Candi and Nancy and Candi had stuggled mightily to keep her two babes apart. Not that she cared if they eventually got together. No! She wanted that. She just wanted it to happen 'when' she wanted it and under her control. Accordingly, Candi had waited and planned for this particular night.

"Now we're gonna have a real party, girls," Candi Martin smiled, looking at Mia and then at Nancy. The beautiful honey-blonde wore a black baby-doll outfit and long black nylons and cute young Nancy had nothing on but wild pink crotchless panties and a very sheer bikini bra. They were 'show' undies she had brought from her studio, the kind she dressed some models in for girlie magazine photos. When she got a hard-on she wanted her pieces to look their sexiest. And her clit was really itchy tonight.

Music floated softly around the living room at Candi's fancy condo, the lights were not too bright, she had already served the girls two martinis apiece. More were already waiting in the silver shaker. Gin was a great cunt-warmer.

And a great panty-remover. Not that Candi expected that there would be any problem at all removing the panties covering the two hot pussies she had at her disposal this evening!

"Oh, wow!" Nancy giggled, gazing admiringly at Candi. The sexy photographer was proud of her appearance. She wore black velvet gloves that reached to her elbows, very dark webbed hose, very high heels, a black velvet band around her throat — and nothing else. Dressing 'mannish' was no longer necessary, she had conquered these cunts, they were hers to enjoy.

Mia was off her high horse, getting turned out by Alvin after the private eye her husband had hired had presented him with the pictures he had managed to get of Candi and Mia that night at the beach house. Mia figured she could probably flag her ass around in a miniskirt and pick up another rich husband, but right now Candi was giving her modeling work and a room at her condo, along with the delectable Nancy. 

Perhaps Mia didn't have all the luxuries of her set-up with Alvin but she was having, night after night after night, since moving from Alvin's bed to Candi's, the best sex of the 24-year-old's life. She was going to get as much of that beautiful cunt of Candi's as she possibly could. She knew she was sharing Candi's pussy with the beautiful, eager, young Nancy - not to mention the efficient and beautiful Laura - but, always confident of her looks, of those spectacular looks, that, all by themselves had brought Mia this far, she fully-well, absolutely knew she was Candi's special one. She knew, even as cool as Candi liked to play it, sometimes, that she had the sexy photographer totally hooked on her! She determined that she'd ride this set-up for as long as she could.

This was Friday evening. Candi had given Mia a good fucking Thursday night in her own bedroom, and she had banged Nancy this morning in the guest room, but she had waited until tonight to bring them together. They were ready for it. Candi had paved the way. She had kept Nancy busy so the two would not be playing around with each other; Candi wanted to be there when that happened. Later, Candi figured, she'd bring sexy Laura Wheeler into the mix. 

"I was never in on a thing like this!" Nancy exclaimed. She was perched prettily in a chair, sipping at her third martini.

Mia laughed. Sprawled on the big sofa, she gave Candi a hungry, knowing look. "This should be real fun!"

"I'll make it fun," Candi smiled, moving over to pose so both girls could see her naked cunt and cute, pointy breasts. She undulated her ass in time to the music, rich tingles streaking up her legs to her itchy clit. It was getting hard, the pink wet tip was already peeking out from her puffing labia. She kept her pubic hair trimmed to display her cunt better. Both girls watched it.

"Ohhh, this is something!" Nancy breathed, moving off her stool to snuggle up close to Candi.

Not to be left out, Mia stood and wiggled her hot ass over and cuddled close to Candi on the other side.

Right in her glory, Candi slid her circling left hand upward and cradled one of Mia's beautiful big tits in the silky covering. She teased the nipple into erectness, feeling the lusty honey-blonde tremble. Her right hand was busy too, squeezing and rolling Nancy's luscious ass-curves. Both girls were turning on good! As Candi knew they would.

Candi drew her right arm from around Nancy, who was watching avidly, and now that this hand was not filled with Nancy's ass-flesh she twirled Mia around, stood behind her and filled her free hand with Mia's other swelling tit. She fit her crotch to Mia's rounded ass, bouncing Mia's titties, hunching playfully. Mia was a much better fuck than Nancy, more uninhibited, she heated up faster.

Mia trembled. "Ooooh, Candi," she moaned. "I luv it, sexy. I just luv the way you handle my titties!" 

"Don't I know it!" Candi murmured, squeezing Mia's bountiful tits. The warm, silky ass curving back into Candi's heating crotch sent daggers of need through Candi's being. She tried to find the honey-blonde's anus with her tingling clit, and wow! There it was! Mia loved to have a finger in there when Candi was nibbling her dewy, responsive cunt.

Watching Candi and Mia kissing now, Nancy's legs trembled, her pussy was swelling inside her fancy red panties, her nipples tingled. Even Candi's expertness had never warmed up her cunt so fast! After her trip to that sex-gadget store with her model buddy, Colleen, she had been thinking more and more about how one of those prick-shaped things that Colleen had purchased would feel in her virginal cunt. 

She adored all the things Candi did for her, giving her a nice home and modeling jobs and enough pussy-rubbing to satisfy her needs, but a deeper need was building in her loins. She wanted something larger and longer than a finger or even Candi's talented girlie-fuck-prick gliding in her eager cunt.
