 The headlights of Heather's car cast strange shadows upon the walls of the library as she shut the engine off. Another evening at the computers. Another evening of combating the emptiness inside herself. "Only a few more weeks" she muttered. "A few more weeks and I'll have my own computer and wont have to keep coming back to the library, with their outdated equipment and who knows who pounding away on the keyboards." She also knew a great truth. The truth that she was a lonely girl and if it wasn't for the occasional foray into cyberspace she would not have much of a social life at all.

Heather sighed, as she gathered her papers and locked the car door. How long would it be before she would know the bliss of anothers touch. A touch beyond the odd fumblings in the backseat of yet another disappointing date. A touch of true desire from a lover to herself alone. She silently cursed a God who for so long had denied her the pleasures that seem to come so easily to others. The stale scent of countless books and periodicals greeted her as she walked past the librarian who merely smiled and nodded to her in familiarity. Heather was a regular to the few computers her library had. One could always count on her to be sitting at the keyboard on Friday nights, catching up on her e-mail and chatting with folks whom she was sure led far more exciting lives than herself. Most nights she would be alone. Other nights perhaps two or three ladies would be sharing the communities cyberworld.

Tonight was crowded, all full but one. She paid no attention to the lovely dark haired girl who was seated at the computer next to her. Other than to notice she was quite beautiful. The girls perfume teased Heathers senses, and for the briefest of moments she felt a flush of excitement waft over her. She smiled at the girl, and a smile was returned, both warm and genuine. Heather was mildly confused at her own feelings but chocked them up to being tired, or the cravings inside all of us for the attentions of another, no mater who they might be. The attentions of a friend and confidant to share ones most intimate desires and joys. That is what Heather had craved and unknowingly that is what Heather had found.

The evening wore on, as Heather typed up several friendly letters and briefly chatted with some friends in far off places. Occasionally interrupted by the girl next to her laughing and enjoying what was obviously a delightful cyber session. She was playful and self assured, almost borderline rude in a friendly sort of way. Heather liked this girl in spite of herself, and could not help glancing over at her at every opportunity. Heather felt a touch on her shoulder. It was the girl with a mischievous grin.

"Hey, you want to see something funny?" the girl winked at Heather. Heather looked over at the girls computer and noticed she was in an adult chat room. "I've been chatting with this girl and we just started cybering, she has no idea that I'm a girl too! Ironic isn't it? she says I've been teasing her in ways no man has ever teased her before!" The girl stopped to giggle at the joke. "No kidding right?, I mean who else would know how to really please a woman but another woman? I just don't have the heart to tell her". Her soft touch on Heathers shoulder became more of a caress as the two laughed together.

And so the friendship began. She was Rebecca. She had a zest for life, and made friends easily. She knew what she wanted and was unashamed to show the world. She craved pleasure the way others crave passion. She knew that life was short and if ecstasy could only come from another womans touch, so be it, and the rest of society be damned. The two girls spent the rest of the evening playing with the unknowing cyber friend, enjoying each others company and laughing from the deception as well as from the erotic thoughts that came to mind. It was all too soon that closing time was upon them and they gathered up their belongings as they headed for the door.

Rebecca looked at her watch. "You know hun; the nights still young, feel like going out for a quick drink or two?" Heather knew she had no plans for the next day and readily agreed. The bar was dark and the two sat in a small booth tossing back yet another glass of white wine. Heather was confused at the thoughts she was having. Rebecca had made her feel like no man ever had before. To society it was supposed to be wrong. But Heather knew inside that whatever her feelings were, the love between them was as right as a storybook romance. Rebecca knew this feeling very well and almost instinctively she lay her hand upon Heathers thigh. Rebecca smiled as she saw Heathers eyes close, returning her caress by placing her hand over hers and sighing wistfully.

"Its been so long since I've felt anything like that" Heather whispered. Rebecca nodded in agreement, as the two hands explored each others fingertips. "who would have guessed it would be another woman to make me feel this way". The stroll to the cars was a benediction unto itself. The two lovers embraced by the glow of the streetlight. Embraced with the promise of pleasures to come.

That night Heather lay in her bed and mused upon the feelings she had encountered. "Its so different" she said to herself. "Was it real?" She knew the wetness she felt between her legs was real, as she slowly teased herself to the erotic thoughts of another womans touch. She brought herself to a delightfully pleasant orgasm much faster than anytime ever before. She dreamed about what it would be like to run her tongue around another woman. To have another woman please her. Knowing all the secrets that a girl knows and not having to coach, but merely having to enjoy. A captive to her mind and body. She lifted her finger to her mouth and was entranced by the flavor of her own juices. "Would another girl be as sweet?" she thought. Heather was more eager than ever to find out the mysteries she had missed for so many years.

Thoughts of Rebecca clouded Heathers mind all the coming week, as every night she let herself fall deeper and deeper into the passion and craving of her new friends anticipated touch. On Friday she could barely contain her desires, as she would slip away at work to keep herself wet and wanting for what was sure to be a night to remember. She wondered if her coworkers noticed the sweet smells from her pleasures as she returned to her desk pleasantly fatigued. Heather used all her willpower to keep from breaking the speed laws as she drove to the library that night.

She pulled into a parking space and noticed Rebecca walking towards her. How lovely Rebecca looked . The tiny erect nipples of her lover straining against the silky blue fabric of her dress. Her heels clicking softly on the pavement as she climbed in the passenger side. "No computer tonight Heather!" Rebecca smiled "Tonight is for us alone". The two drove into the night. It might have been only someone's house it was so quaint, but the small wooden sign saying "bed and breakfast" betrayed its purpose. "I stayed here before and the rooms are fabulous!" Rebecca touched Heathers thigh as she spoke. The touch sent tiny shivers of ecstasy over them both. Heather knew there was no going back. She could never deny her true feelings again. She wanted this woman and wanted her badly.

The moment the car parked Heather embraced her lover and kissed her long and deep. There was no shock or resistance in Rebecca, as their tongues merged together. The sweetness of two lovers juices flowing between the passions of their bodies. Heather wanted the kiss to last forever, but was over too soon as she heard a gentle whisper. "Come with me and I'll show you wonderful things". They walked inside and greeted the clerk cheerfully. while he was finding them their key Rebecca would tease Heather by running her fingers along her thigh and trace a path to her belly button. This got Heather giggling, to the confusion of the clerk who wondered what was the matter as they laughed whenever he turned his back.

Rebecca signed quickly and grabbed the key from his hand. The two smiled sweetly to the clerk and trotted upstairs. Heather stared intently at the key as it slowly turned in its lock. It was almost in slow motion as Rebecca opened the door to the room. To Heather it was a symbolic opening as well. An opening of her passions and desires. An opening of a new beginning. She walked in the room first leaving Rebecca to get the bags. Heather could not help but remember childhood dreams as she looked at the canopied bed with its antique flowered prints. The fragrance of the room bore the faintest smells of lilacs. "yes" she thought, "This is meant to be". The closing of the door brought her out of the trance, and Heather spun around to see Rebeccas mischievous grin.

The two lovers came towards each other and embraced as no two had embraced before. The years of pent up passions released in a single moment of trust and understanding. Heather threw her head back and moaned loudly as she felt Rebeccas tongue tease her neck. There was no resistance left in either of them and their caresses flowed free and unashamed. Free in the knowledge that all love that is genuine is Godsend. The two lovers held each other and swayed in a silent dance that seemed to last hours. It was the comfort of being together, and the promise of their most intimate desires. Rebecca led her lover to the bed and bade her to sit. "Wait here sweetheart. I've got something special in mind".

Rebecca pulled two bottles from her suitcase and poured her lover a tall glass of wine. Heather accepted the gift gracefully and lay back on the bed, smiling at her as she disappeared into the large bathroom with a small white box under her arm. Heather sipped the wine and lay back, eyes closed and letting the freedom of the evening take her mind to regions yet unexplored. She dreamed about what she would do for her lover, how she would show her gratitude for saving her from a passionless romance with the first man to come along. She had not dreamed long as Rebeccas body slipped up to hers and she felt the soft fingers of her lover tease their way up her dress. Heather gasped in ecstasy as she felt the long nails lightly pinch her nipples through her light blouse. She was becoming very wet and knew the moment of truth was upon her. She opened her eyes and smiled at Rebecca. Oh how beautiful she looked. Rebecca lay next to her, naked and wanting. Heather was transfixed at the sight of her new lovers body. Her firm breasts and pink nipples begged for her tongues touch. They did not have to wait long.

Heather rose and let her dress fall gently to the floor. She stood silently, letting her lover gaze upon her naked body, letting the passion build inside them from the visual treasures alone. Heather climbed between Rebeccas legs to the music of Rebeccas soft coos of lust. Her tongue guided itself across the soft flesh of her lovers belly. She could feel Rebeccas nails scratching at her back, and feel her hips pushing up into her breasts as her moans became louder. Heathers tongue found a nipple and sucked tenderly upon the erect bud, as she glided her hand down to Rebeccas wetness. Heather almost came from the feelings she had of knowing her lover was pleased. She licked hungrily at Rebeccas nipples. First one, then the other as she slowly massaged Rebeccas clit. Rebeccas hips were bucking into Heathers belly, and she could feel the wet hairs of her lovers mound on each thrust. Rebeccas hips thrust faster and faster as Heathers fingers and tongue worked their magic upon her most sensitive regions. A loud long moan signaled the climax to Heathers fun, as Rebeccas hips pressed hard against her. The orgasm was powerful, and yet Heather did not stop, her fingers continued to tease her lovers flower, turning the juices flowing forth into a creamy froth of lust. She stopped only when she had counted several more presses of Rebeccas hips.

Exhausted the two lay together, embraced in the afterglow. Renewing their strength for what was to be a night of unending passions. "Oh my God that was wonderful!" Rebeccas said as she hugged her tight. They poured themselves several more glasses, and sat facing each other. Each entranced by the love of the other, neither wanting the moment to end. The touches at this point were less sexual than they were the love of reassurance, and the thrill of exploration. They would talk of life and past lusts, of friends and lovers to be. Each sip of the wine bringing them a longing to proceed. Each caress directing their minds further into the passions of the other.

The wine finished Rebecca rose, "Come with me" she grinned. Heather took her hand as she led her to the large bathroom. The scent of Lilacs greeted her , as she was bathed in the glow of many candles. The mirrors on the walls gave the illusion of hundreds of them, yet there was only enough to perfume the room and cast a romantic glow upon their naked forms. A large jacuzzi bath swirled and bubbled. The waters soft lappings filling the air with the sound of contentment and lust. "My turn!" Rebecca chuckled as she closed the door, allowing the smells and sounds to fill the room. She took Heather by the hand and helped her into the warm enticing water. Oh the bliss, the ecstasy of the heat as it filled every pore, driving away inhibitions and evil thoughts, leaving only nirvana and a craving for her lovers touch.

She felt Rebecca slide behind her and slowly rub her shoulders. Her kisses roamed the back of her neck; her fingers toyed down her arms, reaching around suddenly to take each breast and massage them softly. Rebecca was bathing her with touches, leaving no area unexplored, her caresses driving Heather wild with passion. Her eyes half open head back, seeing only the candlelight dancing off the mirrors, feeling only her lovers touch accentuated by the teasing waters. Hearing only the whispers of her lover, unaware of her own cries of orgasmic pleasure, cut short by Rebeccas tongue as their lips met. The lovers faced each other, the passion growing. Rebecca slid her lover back against the side of the tub, bringing Heathers legs up. Draping each leg over her shoulders, her lips just inches away from the opening lips of her lovers delicate flower. Closer and closer her tongue came. The scents of passion growing. Their hands clasped harder in anticipation. The sweetness of Heathers juices greeted her tastebuds, as her tongue swirled slowly around the smooth petals of her lovers flower. A quick journey upwards to tease her erect clit. Heathers moans became screams of ecstasy as she felt Rebeccas lips encircle her most sensitive spot and suck softly. Her tongue giving it tiny flicks at each movement. Her juices becoming a torrent of passion as she felt the tongue swirl and tease. Driving her further and further away from the bounds of reason. Driving her mad with desire. Her hips bucked wildly as the first orgasm flowed over her. She grabbed Rebeccas head and pressed it into her, never wanting the moment to end. Blessing the moment with crys of joy such as she had never known.

She sank back into the warm waters, and the two lovers kissed. Heather tasted on her lovers lips the same sweetness she had tasted several times before, during her most private moments alone. She caressed Rebeccas hair, enjoying its silky touch. Lusting in her heart for the chance to show her lover that she too could taste of the juices. She too could please. She would be everything her lover needed. Rebecca would not be disappointed. As Rebeccas lay her legs over Heathers shoulders, she looked down at her lover. The smile that came from her lips was as genuine as the reflection of the candles in Heathers eyes. She lay her head back and closed her eyes, preparing herself for ecstasy. Knowing that her lovers tongue was inching its way closer and closer to her wetness. Each candles flame flickered from the sigh that burst forth.

The morning came all too soon; Casting its warm rays upon the two lovers lying asleep under a tangle of sheets. Heather opened her eyes and was comforted by the soft breathing of Rebecca as she slept. She snuggled up close to her body, gazing around the room from the security of the warm covers. She could barely see into the bathroom; its once tall candles now mere stubs that betrayed the pleasures from the jacuzzi. The empty wine bottles and the faintest smell of lilacs that still hovered in the morning air. Rebecca rolled over in her sleep, her arm reaching across Heather. She felt the fingertips she had come to know so well. Even in sleep each touch a gentle caress. Heather took her hand and held it close. Closing her eyes once more, she fell back into a contended dream. Secure in the knowledge that she was lonely no more.

The End