 "Ding," the doorbell rang, and Miranda stopped breathing for a moment. "Ding, ding," the doorbell rang, and she grabbed her glass, knocking it back before realizing it was empty. She grabbed the bottle, and it was empty, too. Getting up from the table, she swayed slightly and went to the kitchen sink, getting a glass from the cupboard and filling it from the tap. "Ding, ding," the doorbell called again as she drank quickly. Head slightly cleared, she walked to the front door, anxiously walking quickly, suddenly worried if she didn't get the door fast enough, the stripper might leave.

On her way to the door, Miranda shook her head, trying to clear the fog from her mind. I should have had another drink, Miranda thought, or stuck to coffee. A fist pounded on the door as she approached, and she could hear muffled shouting. "One-second," she called, finally nearing the door. "I was in the kitchen," Miranda said, opening the door and swaying slightly. 

"You should get one of those intercom things," a sultry voice said, as Miranda blinked, the sun was shining through the clouds and she teared up a little, unable to make out the woman clearly. "I got an order for Candy," the sultry voice continued, warm and syrupy, "Is this the right house for the party?" Blinking, Miranda finally made out the woman's face, pretty, less makeup than the website, but with a harder jawline than she would have guessed. Candy stood there, hips cocked to the side, clad in a loose fitting blue blouse and jeans that looked almost like Miranda's own. Through the blouse, her breasts looked a bit larger than Miranda's, possibly a c-cup, though it was hard to tell through the blouse. Long blonde hair, with some darkened highlighted streaks, hung bound in a loose pony tail down her back and over her shoulder, framing her long, elegant neck. 

"Come in," Miranda said, drawing a deep breath, "Please." 

Strutting inside, Candy held a small stereo loosely in her left hand, looking around the den with her eyes wide, "Nice place," she admired, "so, where is the party?" Miranda stared at her jean clad bottom for a moment, the rips in her jeans looked too symmetrical to be natural wear and tear. Through the thin, horizontal rips, Miranda could see toned, creamy calf and thigh. Licking her lips, she felt her pulse quicken as she contemplated the woman's backside. "Hello? My face is up here," Candy demanded, her voice firm, "Where's the party, Miranda?"

Almost jumping, the dark haired woman had a surprised look on her face, before she smiled, her cheeks blushing. "Ah, I'm the party," she said, "It's ah, just me."

"Really?" The blonde replied, her manicured eyebrows rising in slight surprise. She wore a light pink colored lipstick, which glistened slightly. Miranda stared at her lips for a moment, swaying as she stood, still slightly drunk from her morning's indulgence. 

Blushing, Miranda replied as calmly as she could, "I was too embarrassed to say it was for me on the phone," she sighed, "if it's a problem, I understand."

Chuckling richly, the stripper shook her head, "just tell me where to setup, boss."

Miranda paused, debating about simply using the den, or the home theater, or her bedroom. Or the patio, she thought, then dismissed the idea, as unlikely as it was, somebody could walk by eventually and see. "Follow me," she said, "Ah, Candy," she gulped, "can I get you anything before you begin?"

"I'm fine," Candy replied, following the dark haired woman down the hall, past the kitchen into the other wing of the manse. "This is some place you have," she said, "divorced?"

"No," Miranda said, walking swiftly down the hall, holding up her right hand, showing off her ring. She led them down the stairs to the sub level, where the home theater was located. "My husband is wonderful. He's at work right now, though." She flicked on some lights as she went, as the basement stayed dark during the day. "Is this okay?" She asked, walking into the large room after the lights flicked on. She turned on the back-row and dimmed them, giving the theater a lit but ambient glow.

Candy nodded, staring at the four rows of recliners, "This works for me. Nice setup." Miranda smiled, watching as Candy walked to the front of the room, near the projector screen built into the wall. "Sit here," Candy said, patting the recliner in the middle of the front row, "I can get started whenever you're ready."

Seated, Miranda stared at the woman, wondering briefly if she was her age or slightly younger. "Rules first," Candy said, setting the small stereo down on the floor. "I can touch you," Candy smiled broadly, showing straight, white teeth, "You can't touch me, if you do, show's over. I'd prefer you don't touch yourself, either, even though you probably wouldn't make a mess like a guy would." With a lewd grin, Candy arched her back, hands on her hips as she stretched, "If the rules are okay with you, I'll start. If not," Candy paused, reaching back to remove the tie from her hair, shaking it free. "Then thank you very much for the payment, and I'll show myself out."

Looking a bit disappointed at the rules, Miranda nodded, watching Candy shake her hair loose. Despite the restrictions, she could feel herself grow excited, breathing in short bursts as she watched the woman reach over to hit play on the stereo. Settled into the chair, feeling slightly tipsy still, Miranda watched aptly as the woman started to sway to a hip-hop song. The beat was heavy, thumping with bass and the woman's voice singing made a sensuous counterpart to the stripper as she started to slowly peel off her blouse. Mesmerized, the raven haired woman started to get more aroused, her nipples straining against her shirt. As Candy peeled her top off, she turned around and started to sway her bottom back and forth. The rips in her jeans gave Miranda an excellent view of her toned, fit thighs and hips. She could make out no underwear or tan lines, as the top came off and she saw Candy's lacy bra strap. 

"What do you think?" Candy said huskily, her voice sensual. "I've never stripped for a woman before, at least, not one by herself." Turning around, Candy grinned impishly, bucking her hips and sliding her hands up her thighs. Miranda stared at the blonde's stomach, surprised to see a small belly ring pierced her navel. As Candy swayed her hips, her hands slid up her stomach, finally cupping her breasts as she moved to the rhythm. "How do I look?" She asked, voice husky, sensual.

Gulping, Miranda took a deep, steadying breath, feeling her thighs heat up, "Amazing," she whispered, her voice exceptionally high at the last syllable. "You have a very pretty stomach."

"Thanks," Candy said, her legs coming together as she started to drop lower, still working her hips and thighs, "If I wasn't getting paid for this," Candy said, rubbing her breasts, "I'd do this for free, for you." Circling her nipples through the lacy, pink bra, Candy started to tilt her head back, face flushed. Surprised at her words, Miranda knew the woman was getting excited and she licked her lips, enjoying the show.

After a moment, Candy slid her hands back down, standing straight up and slowly unbuttoned her jeans. Almost holding her breath, Miranda caught the first sight of her shaved mound, the pink g-string covering only a small triangle of smooth, pale flesh. "Hmm," Candy said, sliding her pants down lower, "This is fun," she said, wiggling her bottom as the jeans were to tight to pull off right away, "You look excited." Nodding, Miranda didn't trust herself to say anything, crossing her legs and kicking lightly as she watched, determined to enjoy herself as much as she could.

Pants freed, Candy started dancing again, bending forwards to show more cleavage and holding one hand beneath her breasts. Her long, muscular legs were completely free of blemish, and her mid section was covered by the skimpiest of g-strings, a matching pink to the bra. With one arm, she reached back, and then held out her pink bra, dangling it to the side. 

"Catch," she said, smiling as she threw the bra to the seated woman. Unable to help herself, Miranda smelled the lacy bra, enjoying the heady, female scent of perfume and Candy. Grinning, Candy slowly unwound her arm, exposing her bare breasts. "What do you think?" Candy said, shaking her breasts by moving her shoulders back and forth, "Do you like my tits?" 

Face flushed, Miranda set the bra down and held the arms of the chair, kicking her leg still as she saw Candy's pink nipples. The blonde teasingly touched herself, first plucking one and then the other, causing her pink nipples to stiffen lightly. Miranda felt as if she was holding her breath, staring for the first time at a sexy, naked woman's breasts. The curves were spectacular, and the pink, rosebud nipples were perky, looking as if they were begging for a kiss. She swallowed hard, wishing nothing more than to suck them at that moment. 

Dance stopped for a moment, Candy stood, bringing one nipple to her mouth and extending her tongue, blue eyes staring into Miranda's dark ones. As she made eye contact, she licked her nipple and then closed her eyes, groaning in what sounded like pure ecstasy. Breathing shallowly, Miranda felt her own nipples stiffen in response, wishing she could pluck them as she watched the show. Candy started dancing again, her nipple glistening with her saliva, which nearly drove Miranda insane. She had never felt so turned on by watching somebody, anybody, as much as she felt at that moment. Candy's movements became more and more lewd, dropping to the floor and crawling on her hands and knees, bucking her hips, sticking her firm, toned buttocks into the air. "Smack," she said, as she reached back and slapped her own ass. The handprint left on her buttock was a pink outline, and she teasingly ran a finger under the line of her g-string next. Panting, Miranda thought for a moment the stripper would go one step further, and Candy paused, grinning wickedly. Withdrawing her hand, she stood, dancing slightly once more. 

"Are you ready?" The stripper asked, walking seductively towards her. Miranda had no idea what she meant, only that, staring at the g-string clad woman, her sexy belly ring, her gorgeous pink nipples, Miranda was as ready as she could be without exploding.

"Yes," Miranda said, nodding as she did. The blonde approached and then straddled the chair, dangling her breasts close to her mouth. 

"Remember the rules. You can't touch me," she said, wiggling her hips, pushing her own warm center into Miranda's pubic area, "But I can touch you. Okay?" Miranda, staring at the woman's chest, desperately wanting to taste her nipple, nodded glumly and forced her hands to stay still. "Good," Candy said, "some people forget that, and then I have to stop at this stage." Candy reached out and grabbed Miranda's hair, pushing her face into her chest, between her breasts. "But I don't think you want me to stop, right?" A muffled no was all she got in response, as Miranda didn't trust herself to move. 

"Now let's get you comfortable," Candy said, leaning back and grabbing Miranda's shirt. With a smooth, long pull, she freed the raven haired woman from her top, freeing her perky, dark nippled chest. "You're excited," Candy said, pressing her hands on Miranda's chest, cupping her swollen nipples slightly. "We're only just getting started," she whispered, leaning forward and pushing her chest into Miranda's bra clad breasts. The feeling of Candy's tits pressed into her bare skin was amazing and she desperately wanted to reach up and stroke the g-string clad woman's buttocks, to feel her tight, curvy bottom with her hands. Grinding down, the blonde started to push her center, thighs spread wide, into Miranda's jean clad pubic region. As she did, Candy reached up and started to caress her chest, leaning back and riding her lap like she was about to make love. "Oh, yes," Candy moaned, her nipples swelling, "This feels nice."

About to explode, Miranda shifted in her seat, her legs spread to support the stripper grinding on her lap. She wished she could press her thighs together, to squeeze herself at least, and get even a little more stimulation going. Flushed and frustrated, she felt the stripper grow warmer against her jeans, the g-string panty covering her pubic mound just enough to hide the pink nether lips from her view. "Yes," Candy groaned, leaning forward and riding up higher, pressing her tits into Miranda's face. "Keep your tongue in your mouth," she admonished, "or I'm done." 

"Okay," Miranda whispered, tempted despite the firm tone to open her mouth and lick the inside of Candy's luscious breasts. The blonde stripper continued the pelvic grinding into Miranda's core for another minute, moving her hips in a figure eight, before slowing. As she stopped, she leaned forward and blew into the raven haired woman's ear, teasingly. Shivering, Miranda felt her nipples start to ache, painfully, with Candy's chest pressed into hers. Despite the satin cloth of her bra, she was feeling seriously constricted and ached to remove the confining material. 

Leaning back, Candy saw the tortured, aroused look on Miranda's face and grinned impishly. "I've never stripped for a woman before," the stripper muttered, "you said you're married, right? Are you bi or something?'

Flushed, Miranda could barely reply, her voice cracking, "I've been curious for a while," Miranda said. "This is the closest I've ever been to doing anything with a woman."

"Interesting," Candy replied, her voice husky, twitching her hips slightly, grinding her g-string clad bottom into Miranda's leg once more. She could feel the stripper's core growing hotter, despite the woman's insistence she was straight. "Let's take off your bra," Candy said, "I can tell it's frustrating you." Her heart pounded in her chest as Candy reached around, unclasping the bra. Once freed, Miranda's head was spinning from the delicious contact with the stripper's chest. Her nipples felt on fire as Candy leaned into her, the small brown nubs firmly erect. "Is that better?"

"Yes," Miranda whispered, feeling her pussy start to leak a bit. The stimulation was overwhelming to her, unable to touch herself, and keeping in mind the strict admonishment to not touch Candy, she was feeling like she might explode. The stripper leaned back again and resumed the grinding, dangling her breasts near Miranda's face, reaching up to cup them as she did. 

"I can see how excited you are," Candy cooed, moving her hips in a figure eight as she moved her fingers around her pink nipples. They were soft still, getting harder as Candy worked them with her thumb and forefinger. "It's pretty rare that stripping for somebody turns me on." After a moment, Candy's nipples were sticking out, the pink aureola puckered and the tip nearly a half inch long. The blonde started moving faster again, her hips undulating in a sensuous motion against the raven haired woman's thighs, while she continued fondling her breasts. While the stripper continued to grind on her, Miranda thought she could feel her heated mound grow a bit damp through her pants. Surprised, she looked up at the blonde's eyes, which were half closed as she continued to caress her breasts and rub herself against Miranda's leg.

"Would it be okay if you removed my pants?" Miranda asked, her voice almost steady, despite the pounding in her chest. The stripper got up and looked down at her, blue eyes half closed. Candy stopped touching her breasts and grinned, her pink lips spread in a half smile that looked naughty.

"Sure," Candy said, voice husky, "But remember the rules." She nodded and the stripper reached down, grabbing Miranda's hands in her own and pulling her out of the chair to stand next to her. She started to sway to the music once more, swishing her hips back and forth as she reached out and grabbed Miranda around the waist. Teasingly, she started to unbutton the pants, pressing her tits against Miranda's thighs as she slowly opened her jeans. When Candy started to pull them down, Miranda could smell her own sex, the musky aroma heavy in her nostrils. Groaning, Miranda almost grabbed the woman's head and pressed it against her thighs, restraining herself only barely. Laughing softly, Candy tugged her pants down, pulling hard to get them off her hips, the jeans were so tight. "I'm glad you're excited," Candy said with a chuckle. Finally pulling them all the way down, Miranda unsteadily stepped out of them with one leg as the blonde tugged them off of her foot, one at a time.

"Thank you," Miranda said, feeling her pussy aching, almost dripping through her black satin panties. 

"Have a seat," Candy replied, still grinning. "You'll love this." The blonde could barely believe how such a hot, sexy woman was getting so heated over a lap dance. Despite her lack of attraction, she felt herself growing hotter and hotter as the the other woman grew wet. Clad in her g-string, Candy knelt down next to the chair, looking up at Miranda with a smoldering gaze. Teasingly, she caressed Miranda's legs with her hands, smiling inwardly when the seated woman squirmed. She moved her head over Miranda's lap, unable to resist inhaling the heady scent of her arousal. Slowly at first, she rocked her head back and forth, draping her long blonde hair over Miranda's lap. She knew that the motion would tickle and tease the other woman, and she was delighted to see the seated woman squirm even more while she whipped her hair back and forth. With the smell of Miranda's sex overwhelming her nostrils, Candy was having a harder and harder time resisting the idea of experimenting, just once. Her strong hands slid up to Miranda's knees and gripped them, hard, while she whipped her hair once more over the seated woman's stomach. 

Breathing heavily, Candy felt her own thighs begin to ache with need. She pushed herself up off the floor, looking deep into Miranda's eyes once more, her dark pupils fully dilated. "Miranda," Candy purred, her sensual voice throaty. "Do you like Candy?" The pun came easily to the blonde, having used the stage name just for that pun. She stood towering over the seated woman, her own desire threatening to break down her personal barriers.

Nodding, the raven haired woman could feel her pussy leaking, her panties soaked when she met Candy's eyes. Her heart pounded in her chest and her nipples felt like they were on fire. Never before had she been so turned on, so desperate to get just a bit more stimulation to bring herself over the edge. "Keep going," Miranda begged finally, wanting, needing more. "You're incredible." Looking up at the blonde, she could see that Candy's pink nipples were now fully erect, and the stain on the front of Candy's g-string was no accident. Mouth dry, Miranda realized the stripper was getting almost as excited as she was, despite her insistence of being completely straight.

With a wry grin, Candy slowly turned around and started to move her hips once more to the rhythm. Miranda could not resist grabbing her aching breasts, feeling electric sparks shoot from her chest down to her toes. Aching with need, she stared at Candy's tight, perfectly sculpted ass while the stripper started to bend down, her butt spread wide. The thin, pink g-string hid almost nothing and Miranda's breath caught in her throat when she glimpsed the other woman's wet pussy lips, visible underneath the fabric. Paranoid Candy would look back at her, she stopped clutching her chest and squirmed in the chair, heart pounding, licking her lips and feeling her thighs grow wetter by the second. 

A moment later, Candy reached back and gripped her buttocks, spreading them wider still, showing off her entire crack to Miranda by tugging the g-string to the side. Barely breathing, Miranda's own pussy grew even wetter on seeing the delicious pink folds of the blonde's nether lips. Seeing another woman's privates for the first time, in person, she knew without a doubt she had to try something. 
