 I've always had a certain yearning for urges that were foreign to me. Whether it was doing the most outrageous thing imaginable or dating the wrong person for my tastes. In my heart of hearts I always knew that women were my thing. So, I had no problem at all when this deliciously sexy woman came onto me. I mean don't get me wrong, I'm a little slice of heaven myself so; I knew we would make a good match. She was tall, athletically built, had stylish braids and was a shade lighter than coffee. Mmm and did I want a cup of whatever she was handing out too. I have to laugh every time I think about this new encounter, because she was just so amazing. I mean, if you just think of all the people you could picture yourself being with this would have to be one of them. 

First meeting . . . She walked into the room at the most opportune time, dressed in a wife beater, navy blue Polo Shirt, Polo Jeans and a pair of Timberland boots on her feet. Damn was she gorgeous, I thought to myself. I immediately wanted to know who she was at that very moment. I chanced one more look her way and to my surprise she was staring right at me. My breath held for a second and I looked down at the drink in my hands shyly. When I looked back up she had moved. You can imagine my disappointment, but then I felt someone coming up behind me and there she was. I knew I was something of a hot commodity that night at G'Nell's, the moment I walked into the club all eyes turned to me and stayed there. I deliberately wore one of my tightest, sleekest, sheer dresses that were in my closet on purpose. It was black with silver trim around its edges along with the outline of the lace middle also lined in silver. My six inch black and silver heels didn't even allow me to reach half her height, but that was a good thing. I never enjoyed being with a woman shorter than myself. I was actually nervous like I was meeting the president of the United States, but Clinton not Bush. This woman moved me in a way I couldn't explain.

She touched my arm and turned me to face her and I was taken back to the first time I had ever dated a woman and that actually made me blush. Now, most people don't think that a black woman can do that but hell I did at that instance. Then she started to speak and I was struck by the most sensual voice that an angel could ever use. Where had she been all my life, was the question I had to ask myself?

"So, how are you this lovely night?" she asked me.

"I'm doing great now that I have some company," I answered with a smile and taking a quick sip of my drink.

"Well, let me make an introduction, I'm Destiny and your name would be?" she implored.

"How funny, my name is Fateriá, Fate for short," And I laughed playfully while extending my hand which she took and kissed.

"It's my pleasure to meet you Fate, and it must be that we just happened to meet."

"Yes, it really must be Destiny," and I let out another small peel of laughter as she smiled.

That was a couple of weeks ago, and now we were on our fifth, no sixth date. Destiny made me feel so exhilarating inside. Each minute we spent together, brought us closer and closer to bed play. She was a perfect gentle-stud. Not once did she push me into sleeping with her, and that was a turn on for me. At times, I wished that she would. I felt that she was just waiting for the right time to initiate me into our first sexual encounter together. Other than that I was content with just hand holding and cuddling, at least for now. I hoped that she would be a great lover in bed, and I just wanted to wait until the time was right for both of us to take that step. Tonight, she was planning a special dinner and we would be going out to a jazz spot to hear our favorite local band. It was so uncanny how much we had in common.

Promptly at 7:45pm she arrived at my loft apartment to pick me up. I decided to be a bit daring with my outfit. So, I wore a cranberry and black dress by Gucci that had sheer material flaring out to the side. Knowing how tall she was I put on the black and cranberry six inch heels to match, carrying a small black purse with only enough room for the necessities in it. I wore my naturally curly hair in a twisted french roll with strategically placed tendrils falling down by my ears. My small amount of make-up consisted of charcoal and dusty rose eye shadow, eyes lined with black liner, and lips with a hint of dusty rose gloss. I was a picture of perfection, breath-taking if I might say, and I do. Obviously, I wasn't going to get any complaint with my ensemble from Destiny, because she couldn't take her eyes off of me. The moment I knew this, I felt my heart skip a beat. She was exquisitely dressed herself. If this was the prom or the red carpet, you would say we were matched to perfection without even trying. That night we were definitely going to make a lot of people jealous indeed.

"My, my, my you look absolutely beautiful Fate," she preened.

"And you look delicious enough to eat," I sent back in reply.

"Shall we leave then?" she questioned.

"Yes, of course," I said as I took her arm.

As she opened the car door for me I could swear I heard her mutter a curse under her breath. I thought it was cute so I just smirked. I unlocked her door as she went around to the driver's side and waited while she climbed in, then very slowly I leaned over and kissed her on the lips. They were so soft and inviting I almost didn't stop, but I didn't want to get too heavy just yet. The drive to the restaurant was filled with so much sexual tension it was almost unbearable for me. I felt the heat growing between my thighs and began crossing them to ease my nerves. Destiny noticed everything I was doing. I heard her sharp intake of breath and was on the verge of losing control, which I never did. She put on some soft music and that started to loosen me up somewhat, maybe too much. My hand reached over and touched hers slightly, and then I placed it on her thigh. I began rubbing it, gently at first, then kneading it. Meanwhile, she kept her composure, so I thought. It was a temptation like no other, the beating pulse underneath my hand strumming from her thigh called out to me. She glanced at me knowing that my ministrations were working on her. I could see the desire exuding from those eyes.

"If you continue doing that I'm gonna have to pull over and finish what you've started Fate," she stated matter of factly.

"I want to but, I'm a little unsettled, but give me a minute and I'll stop. I promise." Fate grinned.

"You're being an impish little devil tonight baby aren't you?" and she smiled in the darkness of the car.

"I can't help myself, you make me feel this way," she snickered.

"Damn," she sighed, "what do you want to do about that feeling then?" she said inquisitively.

"I'd rather go back to my loft and release some of this sexual tension that's been building up with us."

"That's all I need to hear then, looks like dinner will have to wait," and she turned the car around heading back to my loft in less than five seconds.

I couldn't believe what was happening; Destiny was actually putting her obvious needs for me ahead of our date. I had been hoping this would come for a while now. Finally, we were going to explore each others bodies until dawn if possible. I guess my hand didn't want to move after all. We arrived back at my apartment in record timing too. I didn't know how much longer I could handle not having her in my bed. I just knew I wanted her now. Quickly, we made our way to the door and I had to fumble with the keys to open it. Ever so calmly she took them from me and unlocked it without any problems at all. She was good at keeping her emotions in check while I was in frenzy. Once the door was closed, I grabbed her to me and began kissing her. I wanted to taste the sweetness of her tongue rubbing against mine. It tasted like honey and mint. Oh, now this was something worth waiting to do. We walked locked together in an embrace that couldn't be broken to the stairs and made our way clumsily to my bedroom. She had already begun unzipping my dress and I was working on her shirt and slacks. The more intense the kiss became the harder my need grew for her. Our tongues wrestled and fought each other for the winning spot. She started nibbling and sucking on my neck moving lower to my now exposed breasts. The air felt like heaven as it swept across them. Soon the air was replaced by her mouth and I let out a moan of pleasure. Now the articles of clothing we wore were littering the carpeted floor. She picked me up and positioned herself with me on the bed. Her body weight felt so natural on top of me. I thought I would die if she ever left me.

Foreplay with Destiny wasn't even a joke. She had completely gone from my head to my toes and back again. I was practically tingling all over and my entire body was stimulated to the point that if at all possible I would have an orgasm at that very moment. She was an excellent lover, oh my gosh. I could go on like this for hours with her. I rubbed her head and nibbled at her ears and worked my way down her neck, which drove her absolutely crazy. She was rubbing my nipples between her fingers and it felt so heavenly to me. Why had we held out for so long if it was going to be like this, I wondered to myself. My amber colored eyes glazed over and started changing; they went from amber to chestnut and then a full blown hazel. She looked at me and the realization of this had her more turned on than before.

Now, I know my body and I can tell you that I'm ticklish and for me that makes my entire body an erogenous zone. She was ecstatic with this new little fact. The more she tickled the hotter and wetter I became. She started moving lower and stopped at my naval and blew where she had just licked. I let out a loud moaning sound and had almost cum. She brought her mouth in between my thighs and bit teasingly on them. My body just wouldn't be still, I moved and writhed all over the bed for her. When she took that first lick I felt my orgasm teetering on the brink of eruption. My mouth wouldn't stay closed for anything and I didn't blame it. The sensations she was giving me were incredible and she still hadn't put her mouth on my clit. Suddenly, I screamed loud and she was right there. My head fell back onto my pillow and she was devouring all her time to my pussy. What a marvelous thing her tongue was. My clit pulsed in her mouth. She was slurping and drinking all my juices at the same time. I felt a finger at the juncture of my hole and lost it again. One thrust and it came back wet and dripping from me. In and out it went then I felt myself being stretched and I let out another loud moan. As she worked on my clit I heard panting and realized it was coming from me as well.

"Destiny," I managed to breath out in between gasps, "oh god, I'm cumming."

"Then cum for me Fate, give me all you have baby," she called back.

"Destiny, Destiny," and that was all I could say at that time.

"Yes baby, what do you want Daddi to do? You want me to take this pussy and make it mine?" she quizzed.

"Uh huh," I managed, "yes Daddi, it's yours, take it!" I exclaimed.

"Don't worry baby, this is Daddi's pussy and I'm gonna take it," she said while showing me.

My cries spread throughout my loft like wild fire. She was making my pussy her and I was being completely overtaken by her. I thought I saw stars when I came so hard that she almost lost herself inside me. My hands were holding her head so tightly close to my clit that she had to pull back for some air. My body lifted off the bed and began convulsing and wouldn't stop. Hell it couldn't stop; I was shaken up by this. I could feel her fingers still buried within my vaginal walls. I don't think Destiny was ready for me to stop either; soon she had me climbing the walls again reaching another climax, just that quickly. Unknown to me, Destiny was wearing a strap-on-dildo. When she rose up and came over me I was so surprised when I felt something long touch my leg. I was a little hesitant, but I had been privileged enough to have a stud use one on me before. When I nodded yes she went to work. For protection, she put a condom on it and I showed her where my KY Jelly was in my drawer. I don't even think she really needed it, but she didn't want to stretch me too much. When she came back to the bed I was biting on my bottom lip, covered in sheen of perspiration as was she. Oh, she was so sexy and hot. I quickly pulled her to me for another hot tongued kiss and at the same time she began sliding inside of me with the dildo. Each inch made me whimper inside her mouth and it didn't stop until I felt her pelvis up against mine.

When we let go of the kiss she began thrusting in and out of me. It was as if she was filling me completely to the brim and I knew I was small but that didn't matter to her. She was enjoying just being inside of me. My eyes closed and I rode her rhythmic motions, wave after wave. It didn't take long for my body to build back up. She started going in deeper and riding faster and harder. I screamed loud and strong begging her to fuck me. And of course, she complied with my requests. Soon, she was pounding into me as much as I could take it, I had a feeling I would be sore in the morning from this little adventure, but I didn't care one bit. I felt my explosion coming swiftly and I knew she could see it in my eyes. I pulled her to me and raked my nails down her back for a kinkier appeal. She loved it. Then, she whispered in my ear 'I want you to ride me Fate.' So we changed positions and I gave her the best damn ride she ever had, at least in my opinion. I came another four times in a row that night. Unfortunately, we never did get a chance to have our date. But fortunately, we did have that night to learn the capabilities of one another.