 Nicole rang Fiona's doorbell with genuine trepidation. Her heart was pounding because she was there to have a long time fantasy made real at last. 

She had always, for as many of her twenty-four years as she could remember, harboured a vague bi-curiosity and a carefully hidden urge to be submissive. Her submissive tendencies were real enough, she secretly longed to be disciplined and to be made to do things against her will, but she wasn't so sure about her hankering to go to bed with a woman. Long ago she had figured that if she could be 'forced' to have sex with a woman, then she would get over the shyness and uncertainty that had so far stopped her. Today both of those secret desires were to be satisfied by two lesbian colleagues from her workplace, and she couldn't help being scared of what was to happen. She expected, indeed wanted, to be used and to be hurt, but that didn't stop her feeling frightened, even if it was frightened in good exciting way.

'Hello Nicole, come in.'

Fiona opened the door and stepped back for Nicole to enter, but then instead of turning and leading the way as might be expected, she stood still and firmly blocked the way.

'Have you done as we asked?'

For a moment Nicole was surprised at the question, but then understanding came and with it the embarrassment of the answer.

'Yes.'

'Show me.'

The blood drained from Nicole's face and for a long thirty seconds she just stared at Fiona, dumbfounded and mortified by the request. She had not expected things to begin this quickly, but then she slowly unbuckled her belt, lowering first her jeans and then her panties to just above her knees, showing that her dark curly bush was gone and revealing a newly shaved pussy.

'Good girl. You can go though now.' Fiona stood aside and indicated for Nicole to lead the way.

'No! As you are. Geraldine will want to see as well.'

Nicole had begun to pull her panties back but she stopped instantly at Fiona's rebuke, reddening with embarrassment as she shuffled her way into the lounge to stand before Geraldine with the shaved pubes still on display.

'You see.' Fiona smiled triumphantly at Geraldine as she sat down. 'I told you she'd do as we ordered, and we'll soon see if she's always as compliant.'

'And you will be, won't you?' Geraldine asked, looking for confirmation.

Nicole nodded silent assent, instinctively knowing not to speak.

'Good. Then you may get undressed.'

Nicole was surprised once again by the sudden and rather curt instruction. She hadn't expected things to be racing ahead quite this quickly, but being completely undressed would feel more comfortable than in this strange halfway state, and so she slipped her clothes off without demur to stand naked in the middle of the room. She was slightly embarrassed to be the only one undressed, but then that was part of the deal as far as she was concerned. She wanted to be made to feel self-conscious. The two other women were some ten years older than she was, and that leant them a natural authority over her that she was happy to acknowledge.

In Nicole's eyes the two lesbians were a strange couple, not at all what might be expected. While it was true that the petite Fiona wore her dark hair short, it was in no way a masculine cut, and Geraldine had her blonde locks long and flowing. Today they were both wearing jeans and a top, but at work they commonly wore flattering and feminine attire. Dresses and skirts were the norm and although they made no deliberate attempt to hide either their inclinations or their relationship, nobody would otherwise have guessed. Geraldine's long athletic legs and full breasts were forever objects of desire from her male workmates, few of whom knew how pointless their lust was.

'Would you like a coffee before we begin?' Fiona asked her.

'Yes please.' Nicole smiled in some relief at the normally hospitable offer.

'Good. You'll find the kitchen through there, and bring us one each as well, milk, two sugars.' Fiona pointed at a door to the right and relaxed back in her chair, turning to Geraldine and pointedly ignoring Nicole.

Once again Nicole stood open mouthed for some moments, stunned by the offhand instruction, but then, with colour burning her cheeks she stepped naked into the kitchen and looked around for the coffee. Fiona and her friend and lover, Geraldine, worked in the same supermarket that she did, and both were normally friendly and welcoming, but even though she knew that the women were adopting the manner deliberately for her fantasy, she still perversely felt hurt to be treated in that way.

Nicole was a little slower in the kitchen than she might have been, but then she was trying to find things in a strange place, and trying to avoid splashing hot water on unprotected skin. She just hoped that her two mistresses would understand that.

Suddenly she stood stock still, sugar jar still in her hand, as she realised what she had just admitted to herself. She had just frankly acknowledged Fiona and Geraldine as her mistresses, at least for the day. The realisation made her even more conscious of her vulnerable state of undress and sent a little shiver of anticipation down her spine.

She had placed the three coffees on a tray and then stood before the door attempting to change her grip in order to free up a hand to turn the handle when she overheard the faint conversation from the lounge.

'Would you have let her in if she hadn't shown you that she'd shaved?' Geraldine was asking.

'No.' Came Fiona's firm reply. 'She said her fantasy was to be dominated and disciplined, and to do whatever she was told to. And I figured that if she really meant it then she'd shave her pussy for us and if she didn't then we'd all be wasting our time.' 

Nicole smiled to herself, happy that she had done as requested, even though her newly naked pussy had felt strange inside her panties. Things had got off to a good start, but then so far neither woman had attempted to touch her, and she still wasn't sure how she would cope.

Forcing her expression into one of subservience she went back into the lounge, placing the tray on the long coffee table in front of the fireplace, before standing up and looking at the two women in turn, waiting for their approval. But they both simply looked back at her with blank expressions and she suddenly understood that they were waiting to be served. Swiftly kneeling down she took the tray and knelt before Fiona, offering the coffees for her selection and then doing the same for Geraldine before replacing the tray on the table and taking the remaining cup. Uncertain of what was required she then stood waiting to be told what to do until Fiona waved a casual hand in the direction of a small foot stool, clearly intending for her to sit down.

The height of the stool meant that her knees were raised and that made her pussy visible, but rather than trying to hide herself Nicole made sure her knees were just a little apart, rightly guessing that was what was required of her. To be naked and on display when the others present were fully clothed gave her a strange sensation, as if she were already an object instead of a person. It was a feeling she found she liked.

'Have you given her a safe word?' Geraldine asked Fiona suddenly.

'No, and we might as well do that now.' Fiona turned to face Nicole. 'We have decided to give you a safe word so that you can feel secure and know that you can stop things at any time. So if things gets too much for you for any reason all you have to do is say 'have mercy'. If you say that phrase then everything will immediately stop. But if you do, then remember that it won't start again and that will be it, so don't use it unless you absolutely need to. Do you understand?'

'Yes Mistress.' The word came unbidden, making both Fiona and Geraldine smile faintly around their deliberately stern expressions. 

'What do you expect to get out of today?' Geraldine asked Nicole.

'Red cheeks Mistress.' Nicole giggled at her own answer. The others were hard put not to do the same.

'Yes, very funny. Now perhaps you'd like to expand on that a little?'

The answer this time came out as something of a torrent. 'I'm sorry Mistress. But that's the truth. I want the cheeks of my bottom to be red from spanking and I want the cheeks on my face to be red from shame. I want to know what it's like to be aroused by pain, I want to be subjected to anything you want, to be abused and embarrassed, and to be used for your entertainment. I want to know if I can please a woman, and I hope I please you both, Mistress.'

'I expect you will, as long as you do as you're told. But we'll see, won't we? Now, drink your coffee.'

'Yes Mistress.' The three women, two dressed and one naked, sat for a short while contemplating what was to come and sipping at their coffees. The time seemed to drag for Nicole, increasing her anticipation and apprehension.

'You sorted everything out, didn't you?' Geraldine asked suddenly 

'Yes, everything's ready.'

'Yes, whips, manacles, chains, spankers, restraints, canes, everything.'

Just for a moment Nicole froze with panic. For a split second she wasn't quite sure if they really were running a kind of checklist or if they were deliberately trying to frighten her. But then common sense prevailed and she realised it must be the latter. She didn't comment; that didn't seem appropriate.

'We haven't forgotten anything then, have we?'

'No. But she has.' Fiona looked at Nicole, who couldn't prevent a look of puzzlement.

'Oh? So what did she forget?' Geraldine was just as confused.

'Her manners. Is it not customary to offer drinks to guests first?' Fiona asked, and then continued before anyone could answer, directing her remarks directly at Nicole. 'If so, why did I get the first choice of coffees when Geraldine is a guest in my house?'

Nicole remained silent, desperately trying to think back.

'For that lapse you will be punished. Kneel on that chair.' Fiona pointed to the easy chair behind Nicole. 'With your knees on the arms and your backside out.'

Nicole did as she was told, feeing very exposed and vulnerable with her legs parted to kneel on the chair arms and her naked bottom pushed out behind her. She gripped the back of the chair and waited, her heart pounding as she heard the two women walk up behind her. This was it.

'You know you are to be punished for your bad manners, don't you?' Geraldine asked.

'Yes Mistress.'

'And do you consider it reasonable?'

'Yes Mistress. Very reasonable.'

'I think it would be better if you added our names. That would show that your manners are improving and there won't be any doubt who you are addressing, don't you agree?' 'Yes Mistress Geraldine.'

'Good girl. Now stick your backside right out.'

Nicole did as she was asked, pushing her bottom up and backwards into easy reach, knowing exactly what was to come.

Fiona reached out and stroked Nicole's bottom, her fingers softly trailing down the cheek. Nicole shuddered from the unexpected touch, her first ever sexually inspired contact with a woman, but then she realised that she didn't mind.

'You have nice cool skin.' Fiona told her. 'I think it's time to warm it up, don't you?'

'Yes Mistress Fiona.'

'There will be no set number of smacks. It will be clear to us when it is enough.'

'Yes Mistress Fiona.'

Fiona's hand lifted abruptly and came down smartly on the smooth flesh. It wasn't a particularly hard slap, but it made Nicole give a tiny yelp from the suddenness of it. Fiona's hand remained resting on Nicole's skin for a second or two before being raised, and Nicole steeled herself for another slap. But the next smack was to the other side and harder, and this time Nicole cried out and lurched forward from a blow from an unexpected quarter.

'I guess you didn't know that Mistress Geraldine is left handed.' There was amusement in Fiona's voice. 'Now take up your position again.'

'Yes Mistress Fiona. Sorry Mistress Geraldine.'

Nicole lined herself up again and awaited the next smack, from whichever side it came, her bottom already tingling from the two she had so far received.

It was Fiona again, and then, as Fiona lifted her hand away, it was Geraldine. And so it went on, slaps alternating from each woman with metronomic precision, each successive blow stinging more than the one before until her bottom seemed to be on fire and she was crying out with each one.

She was aroused and rapidly getting more so, as if a direct connection had been made to transfer the heat from her bottom directly to her pussy. Each smack was making her just that little bit more turned on, that little bit more stimulated. She was gasping out loud each time, but inside she was smiling.

Nicole had never been spanked before in the adult sense and it was a new sensation for her. She had longed to try it, but only because the idea had struck a chord for her every time she heard it mentioned, and she had had no real idea what it would feel like, until now. Sure, it hurt, but it generated a new kind of excitement, both sexual and otherwise, along with a sense of satisfaction that she was taking it so well. It gave her a weird fulfilment to be the centre of attention for these two older women.

The spanking continued, the smacks getting harder and more frequent and her excitement growing - until suddenly they stopped and she could feel two hands just softly stroking and fondling her tingling, burning bottom. The contrast was amazing, sensual and erotic even though she was not yet being intimately touched. But still she froze, wondering what would happen next, believing that this was only an interval of some kind and not understanding that her punishment was over for the moment at least. 

The two hands gently stroked and caressed her hot flesh, circling her buttocks, occasionally dipping between them but taking what seemed forever before one hand finally found its way between her legs and into the wetness that lay there. The sensation of that hand sliding along the slipperiness of her soaking wet pussy was wonderful, especially knowing that it was another woman, one of her own sex, who was doing it. She felt a surge of pride and relief at discovering that she could enjoy a lesbian contact.

'She's turned on.' Geraldine announced to Fiona, thus identifying the exploring hand.

'I thought she would be; it's amazing how easily these so-called straight women bend. Is she wet enough to get up inside?'

The remark stung, as if she had tried to mislead them about her orientation, but then when a finger slipped deep into her vagina, sliding inside without any difficulty at all, it made her gasp in happy surprise.

'God, yes, dead easy. You try.'

Nicole found it strange and very exciting to have someone else handing out invitations to play with her, as if she had lost all humanity and become simply an object, a plaything. She felt the other hand glide over the curve of her rump and into her cleft, fingertips passing over her anus as they searched for her entrance, guided there in the end by the presence of Geraldine's finger and sliding in alongside it. 

She gasped aloud at the marvellously erotic sensation of being fingered by two women at the same time, each digit probing her warm wet passage at its own pace and to its own depth, not caring about their effect on Nicole. But now she was more than happy to submit to this kind of careless attention, to let herself be played with in whatever way the two women wanted. All she hoped was that there would be more of it.

'Yeah, she's sopping.' Fiona agreed. 'It seems a good spanking makes her horny.'

'I know the feeling.' Geraldine replied, revealing one of her own inclinations.

For a moment one of the fingers withdrew from her and Nicole felt a brief rush of disappointment before it returned, bringing another wriggling in with it. Now she had three fingers wedged inside her and her cleft felt full of tangled digits, and so she tried to spread herself to give more room. But her knee slipped from the arm of the chair and she tilted to one side, frantically clinging on to the chair back to steady herself while the fingers within her automatically gripped at her pussy spearing her with sudden sharp pain.

'I'm sorry.' She apologised instinctively as she righted herself. 

'So you should be.' Fiona told her sharply. 'Now stay still until we tell you different.'

Nicole hooked her toes over the inner sides of the chair arms and let her knees almost slip of the outer edges, effectively clamping herself in place as well as parting her legs just that bit further to allow the fingers within her penetrate just a little deeper.

'Can you put another one in.' Geraldine invited Fiona, making Nicole take a sharp fearful breath at the prospect.

In fact it was easier than Nicole had imagined and soon she had four fingers inside her, plunging and wriggling as the two lesbians thrust into her. She was full, stretched full, but it wasn't uncomfortable just overwhelmingly erotic, especially when they both stopped for a few seconds with their fingers deep inside her and pulled her open so that, she hoped unseeingly, they could gaze into the depths of her vagina. She felt the first stirrings, the first indications that she might soon orgasm. She groaned softly at the beautiful thought of their eyes on her most intimate parts, feeling slightly disappointed when they resumed thrusting in and out, now synchronised so that all four fingers pushed into her together. She braced herself against their thrusts and groaned again.

'Be quiet.' Fiona's voice came sharp and irritated.

'Sorry, Mistress Fiona.' She replied. 'It's just that I'm so enjoying being used by you.' It was an unexpected truth.

'It's for our enjoyment, not ours.' 

Fiona slammed her fingers deep into Nicole's pussy as if to emphasise her point and Nicole had to bite her lip to hold back another pleasure sound. 

'Sorry, Mistress Fiona.'

'It seems you're always sorry. Any more and you'll be punished far harder than just a hand spank.'

During this exchange Geraldine's free hand had been searching under Nicole to find and take hold of her breast, her fingers squeezing it in time to the thrusts of her fingers.

'Her tits aren't bad though.' She told Fiona, abruptly changing the subject. 'You feel.'

Fiona's hand groped under Nicole, seizing hold of her other breast and squeezing it hard enough to make Nicole wince involuntarily before settling to pull at it rhythmically in the same way that Geraldine was.

Nicole pushed herself back a little to hold the chair back at arms length, giving Fiona and Geraldine more room to play with her and allowing her to drop her head and gaze back under herself and watch. It seemed surreal to be totally naked, kneeling high on an easy chair with two fully clothed women pushing two pairs of fingers into her and pulling at her breasts. She was getting extremely turned on, as the wetness of her pussy and the hardness of her nipples against the women's palms, and the growing heat inside her pelvis, all testified.

It seemed as if Fiona and Geraldine realised that she was getting close to coming, for now they just concentrated on fingering her hard and fast and rhythmically tugging at her breasts, saying nothing but concentrating on what they were doing. It didn't take long before Nicole began to give short harsh little gasps as her orgasm got closer, and if she could have seen she would have known that Fiona and Geraldine were smiling over her back at each other, knowing what was going on and trying to make it happen. As it was Nicole was just wondering why she had not been told off for making the noises that she couldn't stop and hoping that the four fingers inside her would not cease their hammering thrusts until she came.
