 Christa and I shared a light breakfast of fruit, yogurt and juice before heading out to the terminal. I'd slept hard after I'd gotten to sleep so I felt refreshed and curious as to what Alisa would say. I found myself wondering what her body looked like underneath that uniform. Would her pussy be covered with the same frosty blonde strands as her head or did the collar not match the cuffs? Did she like to be eaten or rimmed? Licked, sucked, bitten? Did she like her nipples pulled or twisted? So many questions ran through my mind that I'd tuned out Christa and she wasn't very happy about that.

"Hey!" She smacked me in the arm and I jerked awake. "Where the fuck are you?"

"Sorry, just daydreaming."

"Day or night dreaming?" She gave me a playful poke and handed the clipboard to me. "You haven't stopped smiling all morning. Who was she?"

"Must've been a figment of my imagination because she was too good for words."

"Wow, I never heard you say that before."

"I never felt this way before."

"Ooo! Tawnya's in love."

"Can it, Christa. I can't be in love after one fuck." I finished reloading the beverage cart and stowed it in its space. "Besides, I've never been in love and I doubt this chick is interested in a repeat performance."

"Good morning, ladies." Captain Gudmundsdottir stepped aboard, toting her aluminum briefcase. "Looks like a fine day to fly."

"Yes, ma'am." Christa smiled, stocking the napkin tray. "We're almost ready."

"That's good to hear. Miss Simonsen has told me that you were a great flight partner. I see that she wasn't wrong."

Christa glanced at me with a grin. "I appreciate your confidence in me, Captain Gudmundsdottir."

"Let's just keep it to Captain Alisa. My Icelandic roots are a mouthful."

I closed my eyes at the thought of a mouthful of her. Mmm, that prime Icelandic pussy. Thin, blonde hairs in my teeth and a dark pink crevasse in her mound of pure white flesh, begging for the touch of my tongue. I imagined her sitting on my face, dropping that pink flower over my mouth and nose, suffocating me with creamy juice and urging me to drink my fill ...

"Tawnya?"

"Uh, yes. Sorry."

Christa stood, packing the boxes of supplies away. "Don't feel bad, Captain Alisa. She's been doing this all morning. I think she met someone special last night."

The Captain turned those sargasso eyes on me, a knowing twinkle lurking in the depths. "Oh, you met someone special last night?"

All at once, I felt like I was back in school, asking Becky Leidenhofer to come under the bleachers with me. My mouth dried up and my heart pounded wildly. "Uh, yeah."

"Well," Alisa set her briefcase down, removing her jacket. "Why don't you tell us about him?"

Once again, I was unnerved by her aggressive, take-no-prisoners attitude and I was a little pissed off that I couldn't hide, that I couldn't control when I wanted the sexual side of me to come out. She was forcing me and she knew it. If I backed down, she would think that I was a wimp and that was not in Tawnya Simonsen's make up. I knew I'd have to fight.

"She was probably the most beautiful woman that I've ever seen."

"A woman?" Her eyebrow arose.

"I'm into women. Is that a problem?" I gave her an angry stare to let her know that I wasn't backing down. 

"No, as long as you don't hit on the crew."

"I wouldn't do that. It's nobody else's business except my own." I got a little cocky. "Besides, there's no one that flips my switch on the crew."

The edges of her mouth twitched, trying not to curve into a smile. "Oh, really?"

"Nope." I turned away from the burning beacons of her eyes and checked the locks on all the cabinets, making sure that they were secure. "Not a one."

"I see." Alisa picked up her briefcase, carefully folding the jacket over her arm. "Well, do you expect to see this woman again?"

"Honestly, I don't know." I paused for a moment, not really knowing what I wanted to say. I didn't want to face ridicule from her but I felt as if I needed to speak something that was bothering me, an itch that needed to be scratched. "I don't think she wants to be in a relationship."

"How can you tell that from one fuck?"

"She wouldn't let me touch her." I said softly, searching her eyes. "She was a dazzling lover but I saw nothing of who she really was."

"Probably just looking for a piece of ass." Christa laughed, folding the last towel and shoving the seat up. "Well, we'd better get going, Tawn. It's time for the passengers to start boarding." She smiled at Alisa. "Sorry, captain."

I excused myself as I passed Alisa, heading for the front hatch and making sure that I didn't catch her eyes. I didn't know what I was feeling and that in itself was unfamiliar to me. I was surprised to find that I didn't trust my own reactions. As the first passengers came aboard, I wondered if she was feeling the same and secretly hoped she was.