 Another sleepless night and not even coating my fingers with pussy cream three times could bring it. This time, it wasn't simply a question of what I was feeling but the knowledge that she possibly felt the same way and had left the ball in my court. I had no idea what I was going to do. The lone wolf in me wanted things to remain the same. Part of me wanted the Autonomous Nation of Fuck-Whomever-I-Wanted-Whenever-I-Wanted to continue to reign supreme. 

But a different pussy every night was getting boring. I had felt it for awhile but Alisa had really brought it to light. I hadn't wanted to leave her. I wanted to rip that harness off of her and fuck her until she was soaking the sheets. It really hurt when she'd left and the feelings surprised me. I couldn't understand how someone could fuck me so well, then just disappear like the wind. It made me think about some of the complaints I'd had from girls I'd fucked and left. Suddenly, I was on the other end of the stick and I didn't like it at all.

Once I'd gotten past that issue, which I really didn't but agreed with myself to set it aside, I started thinking about Alisa. She was an unknown quantity, in my mind. She was six feet two inches of slender white marble, topped with a face that would make your heart melt. And she fucked like a virago. I had never been ravished like that in my life and just thinking about it made my pussy twitch. I had no doubt that another night with her would bring the same result but I wanted to know if she would be willing to give up the control. I wondered if she would be willing to give up her heart.

Ryan showed up at ten with a four-pack at Red Bulls and we mixed them with vodka while he laid out the game plan. He planned to take his mother to a flea market that was nearly fifty miles away and after that, he'd take her to dinner and get her plastered, if he could. 

"You want to search her place?"

"Your mother's? Jesus, Ryan, I could get arrested!"

"Not if you have the key." He twirled a gold key in front of my nose, grinning mischievously. "I have a key to her place. I'm the golden boy, you know."

"I hope you'll have some golden cash to bail me out of jail with."

"Tawnya, it won't be a problem, believe me!" He opened her hand, pressed the key into her palm and closed her fingers around it. "Park on the street behind the house, take the park path to the back and let yourself in. When you're done, leave the key under the back mat and I'll pick it up when we get back."

The key burned in my palm. That should have told me something but I slipped it into my pocket any way. "I'll think about it."

He shrugged. "You'd be stupid to pass up on the offer. You might be able to find something important."

"I'll think about it, okay?"

"Cool." We finished finalizing the plans and split up. They wouldn't be back to the house until six and it was one-thirty now so I'd have plenty of time to do a little searching. When I went to the house, I was glad to find that my key still fit the lock and spent several minutes in the foyer wiping tears away. This was my house! I couldn't afford to let my anger immobilize me and I shook myself free, heading for my room.

Immediately, I was pissed off. The Tiffany lamp Dad had bought me for my high school graduation present was gone. The Swarovski figurines that he and I had collected for nearly fifteen years were gone. She'd even taken the quilted comforter that my grandma Ethel had made my parents for my birth. Now, I knew it was personal. A further search of my room turned up missing underwear and other items. I was floored. This stuff was supposed to have been packed and taken care of. What the hell … 

The doorbell rang at that instant and I froze, holding my breath. Shit! Annabelle had a visitor! I went to the front window of my room that looked down on the street and nearly lost my mind when I saw Alisa standing on the doorstep. I nearly killed myself falling down the stairs, throwing the door open and yanking her inside.

"What are you doing here?"

Alisa stared at me, stunned and not sure what was going on. "I – I got your address from … "

"That's okay. I'm sorry to scare you but I need your help. What kind of car do you have?"