 Annabelle Martins had never missed a night of bingo in the length of her marriage to my father so we changed our plans, taking our flights on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday and reserving the usual party night for a little clandestine activity. I didn't go back to Ryan's apartment until I was certain that he was out for awhile and after I'd collected my stuff and had done a search of his papers, I returned to Alisa's place and her warm bed. Nights with her were a dream, whether we were in London or Paris or in her apartment. We found a balance in our lives and lovemaking, sharing control and exploring the exciting world of domination and submission until we were too tied to cum. 

When Friday arrived, we sat in Alisa's Suburban, crouching down and covering our faces with ball cap visors, watching my stepmother and her cronies drive away, their destination: Gilmore's Bingo Palace. Under the cover of darkness, we left the car and nonchalantly strode down the driveway, ducking around the back. The key turned noiselessly in the lock and we quickly stepped into the perfumed innards of my stepmonster's lair. I don't know what made me think of it but I put the key under the doormat, like Ryan had told me to.

"Where should we search first?"

I wiped the doorknob and pulled out two sets of gloves, handing one to Alisa. "Her office. She wouldn't keep anything in the kitchen or living room. She's too organized for that. We have to find her desk or something like that."

"Okay."

The search took a little longer than we thought but we finally located the desk in a spare bedroom that she'd had converted into an office. Finding a key was the problem. I took care of that by using my Swiss Army knife to unscrew the hinges. We found a lot of paperwork pertaining to Dad's account and he had more money than I'd thought, nearly $800,000. He also had a ton of CDs and retirement annuities that should have been mine as well and the bank statement showed that she'd gone through almost $20,000 in the last week alone. The money wouldn't last long at that rate and I knew I had to find the old will fast.

My Dad's wallet was tucked into one of the cubbyholes so I handed that to Alisa and left her examining some other documents while I stole into her bedroom. As I expected, my lamp was on her nightstand, my quilt on her bed and the Swarovski figurines sat on a curio shelf on the other side of the room. I stuffed one of her many purses with my underwear and wrapped the figurines in them for safety. Then, I rolled up the lamp in the comforter and handed it to Alisa, who met me in the hallway.

"I found something."

"Good. We'll look at it in the car. It's late and we need to get out of here."

Before we could take two steps, we heard the sound of the door slamming shut downstairs. Panic grabbed both of us in its grasp but Alisa shoved us into the closet, pulling clothes in front of us. "Fuck!" I whispered. "Fuck, fuck, fuck! We're fucked! We're worse than fucked!"

"Would you shut up!" She hissed at me. "Are you always like this?"

"Yes, when we're stuck in a closet in a house that we shouldn't be in and we're fucked!"

Alisa pulled my face to hers and gave me a deep kiss that made my heart pound faster. "Relax. We'll be fine."

I struggled to believe in those words as the lights flicked on outside the closet doors and someone came into Annabelle's room. I eased one set of louvers up and Alisa crowded behind me as we looked out into her room. We could only see the lower half of the person's body and didn't dare raising the slats any higher for fear that we'd be noticed. We watched as the person pulled the sheets back and sprinkled rose petals on the bed, making a trail that led out of the door and into the hallway.

Next, the person lit candles all around the bedroom and disappeared, pounding down the stairs. I pushed the louver rod up a bit more and we looked at the romantic scene before us. So my Dad had only been cold in his grave for less than two weeks and she was already boning someone. 

"Bitch!" Hearing my hiss, Alisa gave me a warning squeeze as the sound of footsteps approached again. The person came in again and this time, we could see that it was a man, a young man at that, and he set a bucket on the floor that contained several small bottles of white wine.

Suddenly, he turned and held his arms out, breaking into a wide smile. "Ah, you're home!" Annabelle Martins sashayed into the room, sliding into the man's arms without hesitation and accepted his tongue, letting him ravish her mouth while his hands roamed over her DD breasts. 

I pulled Alisa's hand to my mouth, clamping my own over it as I gasped at the sight of my stepbrother, Ryan, Frenching his own mother, my stepmonster, Annabelle.