 Another chapter in the life of Cara, a librarian with a penchant for young and natural women...

***

It was something out of character for the middle aged librarian to slow her car on the shoulder of the dark and desolate highway when she saw a hitchhiker, because ordinarily Cara Janowsky would sooner step over a vagrant or brush past a person in need rather than lend a hand to someone. Add that to the fact that Cara had just spent over 12 hours working at the state library trying to fix all the blunders her incompetent staff left behind as they scurried out for the weekend, putting her in a even worse mood than usual, and that made her stopping the car for the hitchhiker even stranger.

Even as the hitchhiker walked up to the car Cara kept her hand on the gun she kept in the compartment on the door in case any man tried something, and she was ready to hit the gas and take off if the person was male. Neither was necessary however, because the waif that peeked into the car through the passenger window was a female, and after Cara asked where she was going the librarian told her to hop in.

Cara winced when she saw how grubby the girl was, with the bottoms of her jeans caked in dried mud that was shedding on the carpet of the Lexus, but by then the girl was in the car and the damage was done so Cara engaged the girl in conversation, although because of her blunt personality it probably seemed more like an interrogation than chit chat.

"Well, for one thing if you're trying to get to Albany you were on the wrong side of the street," Cara informed the girl when she asked her where she was headed. "Albany's south and I'm headed north."

"Oh. I don't know the area at all obviously. Just looking to get near some interstate. Have to get to Boston to catch up with Phish."

"Catching fish?" Cara asked.

"They're playing there in a couple of days," the girl said after figuring out the driver had no clue. "Phish. You know? The group? They just played SPAC for the last two nights."

"Oh. I think I've heard of them," Cara replied without conviction. "You follow them around? Is that like the Deadheads used to do?"

"Yeah, I was tagging along with some people but after the show in Saratoga I lost them."

"Well, I'm going home from Albany and I'm surely not going back tonight, not after working all day and night" Cara told her. "There's a train station nearby although I doubt there are any trains running down that way this late. Can you call your folks and maybe they can help you out?"

"Folks?" the girl snorted. "That's not going to happen."

"A young girl like you shouldn't be walking dark roads around here at night. There's so many perverted men out there preying on kids."

"I can handle myself, and I ain't no kid lady. Almost 21."

"Is that so?" Cara replied dubiously while looking at the scruffy looking waif in the dim light of the dashboard.

"Yep."

"Look, I don't know how you would feel about this, but if you want I can let you stay overnight at my place, and in the morning I can drive you down to Albany," Cara offered. "Either that or I can drop you off at a motel."

"Can't afford that," the girl admitted. "You would do that? Let me crash at your place?"

"It's not something I usually do but I can't just leave you out on the side of the road."

"That's far out. You would do that for a stranger?"

"Depends. What's your name?

"Roberta. I know. I hate it. My friends call me Bobbie."

"It's not so bad. My name is Cara," the librarian said. "There. Now we aren't strangers, are we - Bobbie?"

This made the girl laugh, and as Cara drove to her house she had no intentions of doing anything with the kid, because there was no way the kid was anything close to 21. Still, the girl was cute in her own way and she could really use a warm bath because her body odor was intense and her clothes were filthy.

Calm down Cara, she told herself as she pulled into the driveway. No girl is worth going to jail for.

***

"This?" Cara responded after the hitchhiker commented favorably about the rather rustic cabin that the librarian used as a weekend retreat. "I have a home down near the capital but I come up here for the weekends to get away from the city. It's peaceful because there's no traffic and the nearest other residence is almost a 1/4 mile away. Nothing fancy but it has electricity and running water."

"Looks like paradise to me," Bobbie replied as Cara got a look at her new friend for the first time in the light. "I slept last night in the back seat of somebody's car and the night before under the stars."

"You must really like these fish," Cara commented as she looked at what seemed to be a really skinny girl under very asexual baggy clothing that looked beyond grubby.

"Yeah, they're pretty cool," Bobbie countered. "Mostly I just do this every summer they tour, follow them around. I guess it's like your weekend retreat only for a couple months. Then it's back to college in Buffalo."

"SUNY?"

"Yeah, junior year coming up."

"Oh, so you really are almost 21," Cara said as she ushered her guest into the kitchen area.

"I know I don't look it. I still have the acne from my early teens."

"Only slight scars and they fade it time. Mine did," Cara suggested and then heard herself offer the girl some soup.

"Far out," Bobbie chirped as she sat down and watched the woman dump a can of soup into a pan to heat up. "Sorry about how nasty I am. I really reek."

"After you eat you're free to take a bath or shower - your choice - and I can wash your clothes."

"You're an awesome lady for being so nice."

"I don't know about that, but I like your independent streak. Reminds me of myself."

"Really? No offense but I thought your were sort of like my Mom. Square and all"

"Ouch," Cara replied with a grin as she looked at her rumpled guest, and although she was tempted she didn't say how she doubted her square mother imagined what Bobbie looked like without clothes and she was surprised at how even the girl's pungent aroma sent a shiver down her spine.

"You and your husband must have a lot of money to be able to afford two houses," Bobbie offered by way of conversation over the table, but when the librarian sent a caustic glare across the soup to the girl she scrunched her face up and apologized. "Sorry. Divorced or..."

"Not divorced or married. I live independently and am quite happy about that."

"Cool. Sorta like me," Roberta offered, and when Cara gave a tight lipped smile in return the girl relaxed.

Finish the soup honey, Cara mused to herself, because she wanted to find out whether the girl really was like her.

***

"You should have everything you need in there," Cara said as she opened the shower curtain and waved at the body wash and shampoo on the shelf. "I'll get you some towels"

The librarian stepped out of the room, but not before glancing back to see Bobbie pull her jeans off, and when she bent over to get them from around her ankles Cara shivered when she saw the stained crotch of the girl's panties which were barely holding together because the cotton had pulled away from the elastic. It wasn't only the soiled panties that aroused the librarian but the way her pubic hair sprouted out from the sides.

"Think I need a new pair," Bobbie said with a shrug, breaking Cara out of her trance.

Without a trace of self consciousness the teen peeled her the caftan top over her head, and as the girl had her back to Cara her suspicions about the girl being slender had been correct because she was just skin and bones. Cara fought temptation to get a look at the rest of Bobbie and instead went to the closet as the water got turned on.

After she grabbed a couple of towels Cara went back to the bathroom, expecting her guest to be in the shower but instead Bobbie was outside the tub and told her hostess that she couldn't get the water to change from the spout to the shower head.

"Keeps dropping down," Bobbie said of the little lever, and while she was aware of the older woman staring at her she neither blinked or made an effort to cover herself, not that she had a reason too because the Cara was stunned that the skinny waif had such an incredible body on her. 

"Sometimes it's stubborn," Cara mentioned as she leaned into the tub, and when she glanced down first at Bobbie's dirty little feet and then up her legs the librarian's heart started to race when she saw the healthy coat of dark brown hair that covered much of her calves and didn't much care that the teen saw what she was looking at. "There we go."

"Awesome," Bobbie chirped as her hostess straightened up and then while lifting her arm and sniffing the bushy hollow added, "I can't believe how funky I am."

"I hardly noticed,' Cara lied and then left her guest to take her shower.

"Thank you Phish, or whoever the hell you are," Cara mumbled to herself as her nipples felt like they would explode, the idea that some hippie musical group would have been responsible for bringing this scamp into her life, and when she emptied the grubby jeans pockets and pulled out the girl's rumpled drivers license she smiled when she saw Bobbie's age.

"Almost 21, huh Roberta Chapman?" Cara said to herself, although she supposed that 19 was only a little white lie.

There had been so much about Bobbie to look at that Cara's head had spun, and what was even better was that it was as if this stranger named Roberta Chapman had been created with her in mind. To think that this little treasure had so much hidden under her baggy clothes!

Bobbie's hairy legs and bushy armpits had caught the librarian's attention from the start, so much so that Cara only got a fleeting glimpse at the unruly jungle that filled the teen's delta, and the same could be said for Bobbie's breasts. Cara generally favored girls with small breasts or were even flat chested, but Bobbie didn't fit either of those categories. While the teen's breasts weren't the equal of the librarian's in either size or fullness the low hangers dominated her otherwise skinny body and inspired Cara to quickly shed her own clothes before putting on a bathrobe and returning to the bathroom.

Cara sat on the clothes hamper and listened to the teen humming something over the spray of the shower, wondering whether she was getting soft as she aged. Making soup and worrying about where the kid slept, almost like she was her mother. What was she thinking? 

The shower got shut off, and after the curtain opened Bobbie was standing there dripping as she pulled her hair back on her head, unaware of Cara's presence on the hamper near the tub. It was then that the librarian realized that while she might have started to care more about her prey, they were still her prey and the things Cara was thinking were nothing motherly at all.

"Oh," Bobbie said when she realized her hostess was in the room watching her, but she showed no modestly as she stepped out onto the bath mat. "Didn't know you were there."

"Thought I would help you out," Cara said as she gave Bobbie a small towel to dry her hair with, and as the teen began to rub the cotton into her scalp the librarian smiled at the way the girl's tubular breasts flopped around loosely, the effects of not wearing bra showing already.

Cara took the opportunity to dry Bobbie's breasts while the girl was taking care of her scalp, making sure to get under the hangers and marveling at how her pink areolas covered almost the entire ends of her breasts.

"You don't mind me doing this do you?" Cara asked.

"No. Kind of neat," Bobbie grinned. "Sort of like back when my Mom would dry me off. I do feel weird being naked by myself though."

"Oh," Cara said as she paused for a second to shrug off her robe and let it fall, and when the teen realized the older woman was naked her eyes went right to the place all the other's girl's eyes went to, the massive bell shaped breasts that hung down to the librarian's waist.

"You don't look anything like my Mom though," Bobbie said softly.

"Don't know if that's a compliment or not."

"It is."

"Then thank you," Cara replied and then nodded and said, "Raise your arms for me."

"Nothing fazes you, does it?" Bobbie asked as she let Cara lovingly dry her armpits.

"Not sure about that. What makes you th that?"

"Most older people freak out if they see me naked. Make faces or say nasty stuff," Bobbie explained.

"I don't understand why," Cara replied. "You're about the most perfect example of a gloriously natural woman that I can remember seeing in a long time."

"You're queer, aren't you Cara?" the girl said bluntly.

"I prefer to think of most of the rest of the human race beginning queer, but if you're asking me if I'm a lesbian, the answer is yes," the librarian said with the same bluntness her guest had used. "If you're worried about me attacking you though..."

"Worried? No. Actually I was kind of hoping for it," Bobbie replied. "I like girls too."

"I'm way beyond girlhood," Cara snickered as she sat down on the hamper again and pulled Bobbie closer so she could start on the dense bush that guarded her sex. 

"Girls. Women. Whatever, and I have to admit you got a lot more interesting to me when you lost the robe," the teen giggled while Cara nudged the girl's skinny thighs apart and Bobbie accommodated her by putting her left foot on the edge of the tub. "Gonna crotch floss me?"

"Crotch floss?"

"You know, when you spread your legs and grab the towel from behind and in front of you and..." Bobbie explained and then mimicked having a towel and briskly rubbing it into her crotch.

"No, I think I would rather be a bit more gentle," Cara suggested as she began to buff the soft cotton into the dense bush, enjoying the little trail of hairs that grew down her impossibly flat stomach from her belly button.

As the librarian dried the hitchhiker's bountiful bush she let the towel go well between Bobbie's legs and up into her nether regions. Cara let the towel slip off the side of her hand so that she could feel that the rich curls grew way up there. When she felt the kid's eyes on her and looked up to see her smirk she knew she was busted.

"Mmm... this is way better than the floss job I usually give myself," Bobbie noted while dipping a little to force the towel more into her. "Then again, it's never really the same when you do things like this yourself."

"Quite right," Cara agreed and after taking as long as she dared to dry Bobbie's pubes she moved back onto the hamper as far as she could and said, "Why don't you put your foot up here so I can dry your legs?"

"Like this?" Bobbie asked as she put her foot on the hamper between Cara's thighs, and when she did her toes made contact. "Oh. Sorry. Did I hurt you?"

"No," the librarian mumbled at what was probably accidental contact at first, but when she felt the toe wiggling she thought differently.

Cara lovingly ran the towel up and down Bobbie's slender calf, watching the hairs flutter in the wake of the cotton's passing. Bobbie's lower legs were incredibly hairy, especially on the insides of her calves, and it was such a rare sight that Cara felt lightheaded, or perhaps it was because Bobbie had managed to get her big toe in between her labia.

"Like that Cara?" the teen asked as Cara leaned into the affection. "Lift your tits for me so I can see."

Cara found herself doing what the girl asked, hefting her enormous breasts up and looking around the visual obstacles to see Bobbie's big toe in her pussy, and while the librarian thought she had done just about anything, this was new.

"I can feel you're wet," Bobbie noted as she wiggled her toe in the fold. "You don't have much hair down there, do you? You shave down there, or trim?"

"No," Cara choked and then she had dropped the towel and was holding Bobbie's foot in her one hand and working the toe up around her clitoris when her other hand stroked the girl's furry calf.

"That's it - gonna cum aren't you?" Bobbie cackled as Cara savagely shoved the toe into her tender parts, and when she did cum were it not for the teen's hands on her shoulders Cara might have fallen to the floor.

As it was Cara had to wait until her breathing slowed and her vision cleared before she let go of Bobbie's foot and looked up at her guest who seemed to enjoy what she had done.

"Never been toe fucked before?" she asked, and as Cara shook her head no Bobbie added, "I think I just invented it, but the way you were going I thought you were gonna to shove it in to the ankle. You don't get cheated with your orgasms do you?"

Cara moved her lips but nothing came out. The old dyke felt like her world was being turned upside down because SHE was the one that was supposed to be in charge and here she was being manipulated by a college girl. Then again, this had been happening a lot lately, Cara mused to herself. There was the woman who fixed her car, and the therapist she had gone to because of the way things were changing. Not to mention the ultra butch elevator mechanic, and simply remembering Phyl's name and the way she treated her made Cara's skin tingle.

"Why don't you show me the way to the bedroom?" Bobbie said as she helped the librarian to her feet. "I'll let the air dry the rest of me."

***

"Nice big bed," the lithe teen opined as they entered the bedroom, and after Bobbie turned to face Cara her hands went to the older woman's breasts. "Damn, they are real. I thought maybe back in the day you might have been an exotic dancer or something and got implants. What size bra do you wear? Probably nothing you can buy off the rack."

"I don't know. I don't wear brassieres," Cara explained as the girl's little hands kneaded the pendulous breasts, and then after the librarian explained that she wore a compression band to minimize her bust Bobbie looked confused and asked why.

"I loathe being stared at - by men," Cara clarified.

"If I had those," Bobbie mused.

"Your breasts are very nice," Cara noted as she reached out and squeezed the girl's very pliant breasts.

"Can I borrow this?" Bobbie asked as she reached around her hostess and grabbed a bottle of lotion. "Let's get you into the sack."

Cara let Bobbie lead her over to the bed, and the older woman couldn't believe the way things were happening because SHE was supposed to be in control. She was the predator, but here she was being led around by the hitchhiker, and Cara was still confused when Bobbie put her on her back on the bed and climbed right on herself, straddling the librarian and squirting some lotion all over her bosom.

"Sweet," Bobbie sighed as her hands spread the lotion all over Cara's bust and then began to roughly knead the massive breasts one at a time. "Your tits are so big it takes both of my hands to hold on to one of them. Does this feel nice?"

"Yes."

"Good, now just relax," Bobbie instructed as she kept going with her banana boobs swinging down as she worked, and Cara nodded when she was asked, "Feel my pussy rubbing yours?"

"Yes. Let me taste your pussy."

"When I'm done here," Bobbie said as her slick hands continued to fondle the librarian breasts, gleefully kneading the fleshy globes, and the teen even cleaned down and swung her own hangers into Cara's bosom.

"I could play with your tits all night!" Bobbie giggled, and she seemed ready to do just that until she finally she knee walked up towards the headboard and lowered her sex right onto Cara's face.

"I know the opening is not that easy to find, but just follow the wetness - yeah! That's it. You go lady!"

The sex that smothered Cara's face was very wet and quite pungent, and while Cara tried to use her tongue at first Bobbie started to grind her pussy into the older woman's face, holding onto the headboard as she rode Cara's skull. Cara could do little but stick her tongue out as the bed groaned loudly, but as her face was ridden the older woman did manage to get her hands up to grab Bobbie's butt.
