 Ilana checked the card again as she stood by the hotel's bank of elevators.

"Room 325. Come dressed casually."

She pushed the button for the third floor and rode up silently with some other hotel guests, making a grocery list in her mind. Ilana smoothed her hands over her t-shirt and jeans. Casual. Afterwards, she could go shopping for dinner.

Ilana paused in front of room 325 and knocked lightly. The door opened immediately and a petite woman with a pretty smile and bright eyes beamed at her.

"Hi!"

"Hello," Ilana smiled, coming in as the woman closed the door behind her. She was someone famous. Who, Ilana couldn't place at the moment.

"Please, make yourself comfortable," the woman said. "My name is Carla."

That wasn't her name, Ilana thought. But she took a seat on the beige love seat.

"Well, Carla," Ilana said. "The service will be 400 dollars an hour. I'm sure Eileen ran over the ground rules with you when you called."

Carla nodded, "Yes."

Ilana looked around, "So how many people will there be?"

"Just me," Carla whispered.

Ilana stood up, "Okay. Let's begin. What would you want me to do?"

Carla stood up as well, straightening her expensive suit.

"Ilana, I was told by Eileen that the service was very discreet …"

She nodded, "Absolutely. No one will know of this."

Carla smiled, tremulously. Ilana could tell that she was nervous.

"I'd like to start by bathing you."

"You'd like to shower together?" Ilana asked.

" …Yes."

"Great!" Ilana said, heading for the bathroom.

She shed her clothes along the way and was naked in the middle of the white marble gold-plated bathroom. She saw the enormous tub to the side of the room. Carla joined her in a t-shirt and shorts and jumped at seeing the naked woman in her bathroom, but smiled, shutting the door. She edged past Ilana and turned the hot water on in the tub. As the water thundered down, the room started to fill with steam.

"Please," Carla gestured towards the tub.

Ilana stepped in and sat down in the water which was just right.

"If you sit on that ledge?"

Ilana hoisted herself up onto the ledge halfway up the wall of the tub. Her body was wet and shone from the bottoms of her breasts to her toes. She noticed that Carla's hand shook as she picked up the loofah sponge and squeezed some body soap into it. She wiped Ilana's shoulder gingerly and then boldy dragged the loofah across her collarbone to the other shoulder. It was quite nice. Ilana put her head back and closed her eyes. She felt Carla step into the tub and crouch low. The loofah touched her calf next and massaged her clean to the thigh. The other leg was next. Then the loofah touched her between the legs and Ilana felt herself become moist. She opened her eyes and stared at the pretty woman. Carla's eyes bore into the sudsy loofah at the junction of Ilana's thighs. Her hair had become wet and plastered to her cheek, the t-shirt now revealed her small breasts, perky with nipples erect through the white t-shirt. The water now came up to her hips in the crouching position, soaking her orange shorts. Carla put her hand on Ilana's thigh and pushed it open more as she scrubbed the loofah into her parted legs, watching as the suds multiplied. Her breath was incredibly shallow, coming fast. The loofah next traveled up Ilana's stomach to her breasts and each was cleaned and massaged thoroughly.

"Have you ever done this before?" Ilana asked.

Carla giggled nervously, "Taken a shower?"

Ilana smiled back, "Been with a woman."

Carla shook her head and continued to soap her up. She set the loofah down and Ilana watched her put both hands on her calves and run them up to her thighs. Carla now stared straight into her eyes. Ilana could feel her juices flowing freely, her nipples perking and her lips swelling in the steam. Soon, those small hands were gripping her breasts, squeezing them as they slid soapily through her fingers. Ilana released a small moan as Carla's palms passed over her nipples. She was turned on. They both were. Ilana hadn't experienced this on the job in a long time.

Carla's hand now ran down her stomach and slipped between Ilana's legs. Her fingers probed the folds of the warm, swollen lips. Ilana was sure she could feel the gush of juices, so different from the feeling of soap. Carla massaged her erect clitoris.

She stopped suddenly, pulling back and removing her soaked tshirt, shorts and underwear. Carla had medium sized, sloping breast and a thick bush between her thighs. Ilana wanted to do the same thing to her, but remained still. Carla grabbed the soap and quickly soaped herself up and turned on the overhead shower. A warm spray soaked them and Carla stood up, extending a hand to Ilana. She stood as well and they both rinsed off. Carla jumped when Ilana put her arms around her and pulled her closer. Their breasts squashed together, erect nipples rubbing past each other. Ilana pulled her even closer and felt their soapy mounds touch. Her juices ran down her thigh. She ran her hands over Carla's body, helping her rinse off the soap and Carla did the same for her.

Redfaced, Carla shut off the water and climbed out, offering a fluffy towel to Ilana who followed her. They toweled off and Carla took her hand and led them back to the room where the bed had been turned down.

"Please sit," Carla said. Ilana sat.

Carla leaned over and whispered something in her ear.

Ilana smiled, "I think I would like that."

Ilana opened her thighs and Carla kneeled down between, pushing her wet hair back from her face. 

"You like?" Ilana asked her, breathing heavily. Watching this pretty woman about to pleasure her was the most erotic thing that had happened to her in a long time.

Carla stuck out her tongue and licked, causing Ilana to throw her head back and bite her lip. She licked each pink, swollen lip and then tongued the clitoris in slow, langorous circles, letting her rough tongue massage the bud. Soon, she brought her tongue low and pushed it into the slick hole. Juices coated the entire area, covered Ilana's thighs, pooled below her.

"Do that again," Ilana gasped. 

Carla eagerly did as she was told and then covered the entire area with her mouth and worked it furiously.

"Touch yourself," Ilana ordered. 

Carla let a hand drop between her legs and soon she was moaning too, the vibrations enhancing the feeling. Ilana could feel the orgasm tightening her thighs and buttocks.

"I'm so close," she gasped.

"Me, too," Carla said, muffled.

"Come here."

Carla stopped and hopped up on the bed.

Ilana lay back and spread her legs. Carla maneuvered into a scissor position and pressed herself into to Ilana. There was a wet sound of suction. 

Carla pistoned her hips and the wet, swollen lips slid past each other, rubbing their erect clitorises.

"This is so good," she whispered, throwing back her head. 

"Rub faster," Ilana gritted.

Ilana felt her orgasm explode as Carla also erupted in a mewling orgasm.

They gently rubbed together as the orgasms subsided and then sat back and smiled at each other.

"Let me go get my checkbook," Carla said.

Ilana stopped her, "I think I'm going to say I never found the place."

She got out of bed and dressed. At the door, she looked back at Carla, who still lay in bed.

"Maybe I can call you sometime," she said, winked and left.