 Carla Rachel Lee Meets Mrs. Patty Parker
by Carla Rachel Lee and Patty Parker
CRL POV

Carla Rachel Lee : 
19 yrs old
Green Eyes, Red hair
5'8" 120 lbs
34-27-34
34DD (un-enhanced)
Curvy build

Orientation: STRAIGHT (Until
Shown The 'POWER OF THE PUSSY!'...
also 'EPIC BOOBS!'

Patty Parker
42 yrs old
Blue Green Eyes, Blonde hair
5'6 1/2" 140 lbs
36EE-30-40
36EE (un-enhanced)
Voluptuous build


I came to Oxford, United Kingdom for a school trip. It was the first time I ever been out of the country. I was met at the airport by my host a Mrs. Patty Parker. I didn't know much about Mrs. Patty, other than she had twin daughters in school too.

She was there at the airport; waiting for me with a hand written sign that said CARLA RACHEL LEE in big letters...WHAT a FRIGGING KNOCK-OUT...she was the most gorgeous older woman I ever saw. About 5 foot 6 and a half, weighing about 140 lbs., with golden blonde hair... I can tell by her low cut sweater that she had very light freckles on her ample upper chest. They must have been least a 36ee...

Your lips curve in a welcoming smile when I am but a few feet away. 

"Carla?"

"Yes, Mrs. Patty. I'm so happy to meet you" I say nervously while still staring at your ample chest. My attention to your chest causes your nipples to erect into large bumps under your sweater. I grin delightedly...this going to be FUN!

"Just Patty is fine, Sweetie", you tell me.

"Come along; my home is not far from here"

You take my hand and lead me to your car, parked nearby...within 20 minutes, we arrive at your beautiful, modern cottage and make ourselves comfortable. 

You show me to my room, and then retire to the master bedroom to get more comfortable... 

As soon as you leave I quickly un-pack and put my clothes away. All I can think about is your gorgeous body. I undress and put on my fluffy pink robe and take a deep breath....and decide to go to join you in the master bedroom...

I can't believe the sight that greets me as I walk into the room...YOU decked-out in a royal blue suspender belt, black seamed nylons, royal blue high heeled pumps, and a thin black gossamer wrap..no bra, Thank God!...

O My God", I whisper, moving toward you slowly, at first, and then almost running until I stand before you...

"Yes, darling...come to me", she tells me...I DO...

I am wearing a fluffy pink robe, and as I sit beside you, it's obvious that I'm naked underneath. There's no point in a prolonged "seduction"; we are both keenly aware of what we want and where the many months of corresponding in the "yahoo" sites will inevitably lead us... not two minutes have passed since I entered the room, and we are groping each other like horny teenagers. The twins are away for the evening, and so we have the entire house to ourselves. As we kiss, you fondle my big, perky DD knockers, squeezing the reddish pink nipples until I gasp with pleasure and want...the robe falls-open, and you slides to your knees, shoving the robe up above my waist, to plant a kiss onto my shaven, sweet-looking puss. You spread my dewy, glistening young fanny-lips and I am SO WET! You breathe deeply of my scent before lowering your face to lap at my juicy puss. Within seconds, my thighs, mound, and YOUR FACE are sodden with my juices. You watch from between my thighs as I quiver and moan, you pull-back momentarily to apply your thumb to my exposed little clit and rub it a circular motion. The little bud is fleshy and stiff, and you simply CANNOT WAIT take it between your lips and suck it 'til I SQUIRT!

After a lengthy and DELICIOUS cum....

I pull you to me and lean forward, my full lips already pursed for a kiss, and you are more than happy to oblige: As we kiss I taste my sweet strawberry honey on your lips as my lithe tongue slips into Patty's mouth and dances over your teeth and gums, savoring the sticky nectar I transfer from your mouth to mine. Our kiss deepens, and I cup and squeeze your heavy bra-less milkers, one in each itchy palm, loving their plump weightiness...

I wrap my full, soft and pouty, warm wet lips around your big, brown teats, suckling hungrily at your massive mounds like a baby. All I can think about is I am in heaven. After all that time chatting and looking at your jugs on yahoo sites I was finally in heaven. I moan as I suckle and lick and then kiss every inch of flesh on your mammoth melons. I feel you squirm with delight as I slowly work over your epic boobs. I reluctantly remove my mouth from your tits. "Wait right here Patty" I say as quickly leave your bedroom and run down the hall to my guess room. I dig through the top drawer of my dresser and pull out my 13" black strap-on...

I step into the harness and tighten it around my waist. I then hurry back into Patty's room. I stand in the doorway with 13" black rubber cock between my legs and a tube of KY Jelly in my hand. "Get on all four Patty" I say from doorway. I lick my pink lips as watch Patty crawl on to the bed. I just about melt as she turns her head around and wink at me, her 36 ee tits jiggling and shaking and bouncing underneath her. As I slowly approach I squirt KY jelly on to my dangling rubber cock. I then squirt some on to Patty's wonderful ass hole. I drop the tube of KY jelly onto the floor then grab Patty's hips pulling Patty back against me as I roll my hips forward driving home my 13" black strappy. I hear you moan as my rubber cock invades your ass. I pull you back harder driving all 13" of my black rubber cock deep into your bowels. I start out slowly rolling my hips forward thrusting my rubber cock in and out, in and out, in and out slowly at first building up steam going faster, harder, and deeper. I start to moan as the back of the strappy rubs my swollen hard throbbing pink clit. 

I roll my hips forward, driving home my 13" black strappy. I hear you moan as my rubber cock invades your ass. I pull you back harder driving all 13" of my black rubber cock deep into your bowels. I start out slowly rolling my hips forward thrusting my rubber cock in and out, in and out, in and out, slowly at first, then building up steam... going faster, harder, and deeper. I start to moan as the nub at the base of the strappy rubs my swollen, hard, throbbing pink clit. Harder and faster and deeper I drive my 13" black strap-on into your welcoming, horny bowels. Sweat pours off my body and 34 dd tits as I pull you and drag you backwards, onto my black rubber cock. Your body glistens with sweat; your EE tits jiggle and shake and bounce underneath you as I fuck your asshole with all the strength and power in my lower body...

I reach around and start to rub, pinch, and squeeze your hard, pink, swollen clit with

The fingers of one hand; with the other, I fondle and massage your swinging, ultra-large knockers... in and out, in and out, in and out, in and out, in and out, in and out; I pump my black rubber cock all the way into your asshole, grind and gyrating my hips against your BIG ass cheeks. My feverish fondling and massaging of your massive melons and pinching your throbbing pink clit causes your voluptuous body to start to shake and quiver as you feel the orgasm wash over your body and you explode your sweet honey all over my hand and down your creamy white, silky thighs, feeling your orgasm and the nub on the base of the strappy rubbing my young, wet, hard, throbbing, swollen clitty, I explode my own sweet, strawberry honey down my thighs as I collapse my sweaty body onto of yours, my heaving 34 dd tits pressed into your perspiration-beaded back. My big black strappy is still buried deep into your behind. I lay on top of you kissing the back of your neck. "Oh Mrs. Patty I love you. This was a dream come true" I say breathlessly. "I think I am really going to like England!" 

THE END 

In the next chapter...

As I lay on top of Patty, exhausted and in pure bliss, neither of us hear the front 

door open, or the footsteps approaching Patty's bedroom. Karin and Karina see

the young sweaty ginger lying on top of their Mum. What will the SOT do with the young, long haired ginger upstart who has deigned to violate their property without prior approval? Find out when Carla Rachel Lee Meets Karin and Karina Parker the SOTS!!!!