 (Pt. I – The Kiss)

Each summer since I've graduated High School, my aunt has allowed me to stay at her beach house on Cape Cod. This past summer I met Carmen whose family had just recently moved into the house next door. She has a brother Michael who seemed to be a little wild and had caught my eye. His body is well toned and has gorgeous wavy hair. He is an obvious "hide any relationship with him from mom" kind of guy, but surprisingly his sister seemed to attract my attention more than he did.

Carmen also had even more beautiful long hair and she had a tendency to wear it up off her neck. She has lovely colorful tattoos across her shoulders and another that ran down her side. She seemed more playful and giddy around her folks than her brother was.

One particular afternoon I overheard Carmen's folks packing up the car and saying their goodbyes, warning Carmen and her brother not to get into any trouble or irritate the neighbors. I believed it was a pretty standard speech coming from her mother and all of us locals seemed to get it.

Shortly after their parents left, her brother took off in his car to meet up with his buddies. Carmen took advantage of the quiet and broke out her iPod and began to take in the sun. Their yard was surrounded by a privacy fence and could only be clearly viewed from my bedroom balcony. She wore a two piece suit that hugged her body tightly, accentuating her plump full breasts and thin waist. 

I had been out sunning for a while and decided to head inside to get a drink of water. I carefully sat up and wrapped my towel around me as I was topless as usual. As I walked to the door I glanced over and saw Carmen watching me. I waved quickly and went inside. On the way downstairs to the kitchen I began to wonder if I should go over to introduce myself and welcome her to the neighborhood. 

I grabbed an apple off the table, poured water over ice, and headed back up stairs. Halfway up, there was a knock on the side door. I froze for a second then walked back again to open the door. 

There she was, more beautiful than I had seen from a distance. Soft smooth skin, dark hair and her smile was so devious. "Hello my name's Carmen. I saw you upstairs and figured I'd say hello before you went out somewhere. " 

Dumbstruck for a moment I didn't know what to say. "Sorry." I smiled sheepishly. "I think I've been roasting in the sun too long today. Come on in."

She stepped in and I closed the door behind her, glancing at her perfect ass without thinking. "Uh, I'm Sam, come sit down." I pointed in the direction of the kitchen and I followed her down the hall. In the kitchen she sat down on one of the bar stools. "Would you like a drink? I've got tea, water, beer and soda" I said as I stood by the open fridge.

"Tea sounds great" she said and began looking around. "Nice photos." She stated looking at the random pictures that were taken over the many years at the house. 

"Thanks " I smiled." My aunt has a thing for photography; she took all of these in here. Sorry to say some are just plain goofy. My family is kind of ... off." I grinned.

"Same here. I'm sure my brother will be escorted home by my cousin at some point tonight. He's lucky to have a cousin as a local cop. His dumb ass has been saved plenty of community service hours I'm sure." she joked with a smile. "Michael's a boob."

"I've seen him once or twice now getting a ride home. Who's your cousin?" I asked.

"Jason. He's one of the K-9 officers in town." She said, and continued to check out the photos.

"Ah yeah I know him." I stammered. "He graduated a year ahead of me. I see him in the park with 'Lady' quite a bit."

"Yeah Jason and Lady are always together. They are such a cute pair." Carmen stated. She drank her tea and we talked about her moving in and some of the crazier neighbors. 

"Ah. It's getting a little late. I need to get some food in me." She said, as she rubbed her stomach. 

"Well hell, you feel like getting a burger at Joe's? I'll buy." I said with a smile.

"Um, ok. Are you sure? I mean I already drank most of your tea."

"Yeah, yeah. I'm sure. It'd be nice to eat with someone for a change. My aunt won't be up this summer, just me ... she's visiting family and friend's out west instead." I stated before thinking. I felt like Carmen and I had known each other for years, not just over an hour.

"Ok. Let me go shower and change real quick. I need to get this lotion crap off me. Hate this stuff." she said.

"Yeah I agree, a shower sounds great. Come back over when you're done. I'll drive." 

Carmen popped off the stool and headed for the door. "See you in a few" she chimed as she closed the door behind her.

I stood in the kitchen a minute longer. Finally I grabbed the glasses and quickly dropped them into the dishwasher. I took off up the stairs. Turned on the lights and radio and ran the water for a shower. I had not noticed how late it was getting while we talked. I slipped out of my bottoms and threw the towel I had around me across the bed. Then I noticed something. While thinking of her I felt my nipples getting hard. "Holy hell!" I stood still for a minute, trying to come to my senses.

"Jesus. Get in the shower already!" I demanded myself and headed into the bathroom. I stepped into the tub. The water felt so good. I washed quickly, ignoring my body's heightened sensitivity. 

I finished up and stepped out as I heard the doorbell ring. I quickly grabbed a clean towel and ran to the stairs and yelled down. "Come on in. I'll be ready in a minute!" I barely heard the door open and close over the radio "I'll be with you in a minute, just need to find something to wear." I stated and darted back into my room.

"Ok" I heard as I frantically looked for a decent top. I opened my closet and began to rummage through my shirts, dropping several to the floor in my haste.

"What the hell are you doing?" Carmen asked, startling me. 

As I turned to face her, my towel was caught by the closet handle and I lost it. "Shit" was all I could mumble as it slipped away from my body exposing my nakedness to Carmen. She smiled. "Sorry, I didn't mean to scare you" she said as she walked toward me. 

Meanwhile I fumbled with the corner of the towel that I managed to keep a hold of and finally got it wrapped around myself, although my dignity had flown out the window.

"I'm sorry Sam, I shouldn't have come up. This is really awkward for you I can tell. I'm sorry." she said as she picked up one shirt after another.

I could tell I was turning red. My cheeks were on fire. "It's ok" I said staring at the floor. "I just didn't expect you up here. It's ok. No one ever comes up here anymore. Not even my aunt." I stated.

"Well that needs to change," Carmen whispered as she took my hand and led me to the bed. "This top goes great with those pants" she said as my ears caught fire next. "You have such a cute ass".

My head goes fuzzy. I can't believe she just said that. I'm beginning to feel funny. Giddy. I sat down on the bed as she plops down next to me.

"Something tells me you aren't used to compliments like that from other girls." She teased.

"Umm no. Not when I'm half naked." I mumbled shyly.

Carmen let out a laugh that caught me off guard. "You are too cute. We're going to get along just fine. Here..." she hands me some clothes, "get dressed and I'll meet you downstairs."

She walked out of the room and I heard her bounce down the stairs. I sat on my bed a moment longer, then finally got dressed. I brushed my teeth, hung up my towel, and threw my dirty laundry in my basket, all the while thinking of Carmen watching me naked as a babe fumbling with a towel. "Ugh, I'm such a dork" I sighed, and went back down stairs.

"Ready?" she asked as I rounded the corner. She watched me with a more attentive gaze than before. I felt like she was trying to gage my discomfort ... trying to figure out exactly where the line was drawn. 

"Yep, all set. Let's go" I said and headed for the door. I just didn't make it that far.

As I begin to walk past Carmen, she took hold of my wrist with a playful yet firm grip, throwing me slightly off balance and pulled me to her. Her body pressed against mine and somehow she gently kissed my lips. 

Just for an instant her soft lips press against my own. I'm completely taken off guard and gently slip away only there's nowhere to go but against the hallway wall. My shoulder finds the wall first, followed by my back. I stood there a moment like a lost dog trying to figure out if I should bolt for the door or enjoy the affection. 

"I'm sorry I startled you upstairs," she stated, licking her lips, "but I'm not sorry for kissing you." She said in a strange matter-of-fact tone. " It's surprisingly hard to find open minded ladies in this small town. I saw you arrive and have been watching you ever since." She quickly made a face. "No. Not in a stalker kind of way. Just ... well I've noticed we had a bit in common."

At this point I'm still kind of in a weird trance. I still feel the rush of her kiss, the surprise, and also the enjoyment my body was still experiencing. I didn't know what to say. I just looked down, noticing that both of our nipples are hard as little stones.

Carmen followed my gaze. A sly smile played across her lips for an instant. Her eyes rose back up and met my own. For a moment I was lost in those clear beautiful orbs. I saw her face soften, her cheeks rise slightly from her smile. I felt my heart race as she reached out and took hold of my hips and leaned in closer to me. "You don't seem to mind my touch" was all she said, and again her soft lips pressed against mine.

I closed my eyes and gave in to the lust I felt for her. I had never really kissed another girl before. Her soft lips smooth touch, and her scent... something so different and so amazing.

Our lips locked in a passionate kiss. My heart raced and all I could think of was ... more. I was lost in her embrace.

Carmen gently pulled away. "You taste wonderful. As lovely as I had imagined."

I licked my own lips, tasting her lip gloss. I smiled shyly, "Cherry".

"Let's go eat. I'm starving." She said and pulled me down the hall. I was still swimming in a pleasure I had only just found.




Part II to follow shortly. Thank you all for the support! 