 Another short story in english and again asking not to blame my bad wording and spelling to much.

There she was now. Tied to the bed of this woman almost 20 years older. Arms and legs spread wide. Her pussy open for Chris to see. And Chris obviously enjoyed it to watch her. She was sitting on the bedside, letting her soft hand glide slowly and tenderly along her naked body.

"You are so beautiful, Carmen, your nice-shaped firm breasts, these long brown hair, your slim body and most of all I love this thick bush of pubic hair…" With these words she let her fingers caress Carmen's Pubic area, she played with the bush of dark pubic hair.

Chris was naked too. Carmen adored this so beautiful mature woman. Chris was over 40, but still had quite a slim, but very soft body, with curves exactly at the right places. Her tits were a very good handful, not as firm as Carmen's anymore, but very sexy shaped and so soft. Her skin too was very soft and quite pale and in contrast to Carmen her pubic area was completely shaved. Her face was beautiful and her hair was a blonde with some red strains.

"So you are really up to this, Sweetie? You really want me to do it to you tonight?"

"Oh, Yes, Chris. I just can't wait. I'm sure you will introduce me to a great new sexual experience as always. Please Kiss me, Chris!"

Chris moved to her, stroke her face tenderly, her lips. Then she brought her lips to the ones of her 26year old lover and softly kissed the beautiful, young woman on her red lips. Chris could feel her excitement. Carmen's mouth opened and their tongues encircled in a wild and long French kiss. Chris could not stop herself from caressing her lovers breasts and hard nipples with her hands. Carmen moaned of lust. She wanted more.

After a short while Chris broke the French kiss, just to start kissing her younger lovers body down. Her lips caressed her neck, her breasts, her nipples, her flat, firm stomach, her tongue encircled her navel and finally she softly kissed her pubic hair. The elder woman already could smell Carmen's arousal. 

"You are wet already, my sweet Lover," she whispered. "You are already wet from anticipation, my Dear. I want you to close your eyes now and just feel me kissing and licking you all over. I will spend lots of time sucking and biting your hard nipples, then ever so slowly I will work my way down to your sweet pussy again. My tongue then will contact your clit and I will feel it growing, larger than it ever was. I will take it into my mouth and suck it, then nibble it gently which will drive you over the edge and you can cum all over my face!"

Carmen had closed her eyes. She was shivering from lust hearing these words – and Chris spoke the words very softly and very slowly. Each word followed by a passionate wet, licking kiss using all her mouth, lips and tongue on Carmen's body. Fulfilling everything she told her, making the tied girl come in furious orgasm, covering Chris's licking face with her juices.

But Chris did not stop. She brought her face close to Carmen's face again and Carmen lovingly started licking and kissing the woman's face, tasting her own juices. While Carmen was still licking her face Chris started fondling Carmen's Pussy again with her fingers.

After she had played around her cunt a while, Chris knelt between Carmen's wide spread and tide legs. She started fucking her with one finger first, slowly working finger after finger into her pussy till she fucked her with four fingers. 

Carmen moaned loud with pleasure and again she came down with a huge orgasm and again Chris did not stop. Instead the mature woman now took the lube and spread it all over her hand, up to the wrist, and spread lots of it around Carmen's pussy lips, working lots inside too. She then moved her hands to the wet pussy again and slowly worked three, then four fingers inside her again, this time going as deep as she could. She didn't hurry, took her time, fucking her deep and slowly. She feet a bit of resistance at her knuckles and of course her own thumb but Chris kept working her fingers into Carmen as deep as she could and the young woman was reacting with lustful sight, groans and moans, her head going wild from left to right. Chris was stretching her in preparation for the best part still to come.

After a while she slightly withdrew her fingers, not completely, but left a few finger tips inside Carmen. Then the elder woman tuck her thumb inside her fingers and started easing them back into her tied lovers pussy. They easily now went inside the wet cunt until she feelt the resistance of her knuckles at the largest part of her hand. She slowly fucked her with what was inside so far, each time pushing a little harder and working more of the knuckles inside. Chris twisted her hand a bit, too. Chris kept everything very slow and tender to make it as pleasurable for Carmen as possible and thus she slowly kept working her hand inside. 

And for Carmen it was a huge pleasure. "Please come in me, Chris. I want to fully feel you," she groaned with a highly aroused voice. Her body was sweaty already. Carmen was pure, wild, sexual lust now.

The experienced woman felt the time was right now, to make the final push and Carmen suddenly felt the large part of her tender lovers hand pop fully into. 

The new feeling of a full hand inside her, of being filled completely, ob being fisted for the first time started Carmen to come. She felt an orgasm building up inside her, a feeling arising she never had before and Chris still kept fucking her deep but still very gently. She still fucked her when Carmen already cried out her orgasm and it wasn't until Carmen was calming down again, that she slowly started removing her hand again. 

Carmen had tears of lust and fulfilled pleasure in her eyes. "It was so wonderful, Chris, such a great feeling. I love you, Chris!" 

"I love you, too." The woman moved up to her and they French kissed and then Chris let her young lover lick all her own juices from her hand, the hand that had fisted her for the very first time…but not for the last time, as Carmen was sure…

"How can I thank you, for that great feelings, Chris?" she asked still sighing.

"I can think of something, Sweetie!" With these words Chris knelt over Carmen's face, bringing her shaved and so wet pussy slowly down to her lovers mouth. Her hands rested on Carmen's firm breasts, with the hard nipples, fondling them, while the 26year old woman dug her tongue deeply into the delicious cunt of the mature, beautiful woman.

Carmen's tongue made Chris come in three wonderful orgasms before she untied the girl and the two cuddled together, pressing their bodies to each other on the big bed, that Chris normally shared with her husband.

Feedback and Votings very welcome, Your Pussylove69!