 I am Carmen & this is the story of my second meeting with the woman who changed my life.

After my first encounter with Marina I had a hard time adjusting back to normalcy. I could not get this woman out of my head or out of my heart. For weeks after our encounter we were both fairly freaky and still kinky with each other. Then something changed. I'm not sure what it was, with my harmed psyche, I'm sure that was something I did or said. The inner me is still worried that maybe now that she knew me, I mean really knew me that she would not want me any longer. Marina has taught me more about myself than she knows, I'm so thankful for her friendship. I hope & pray that above all else she continues to be my truest, most honest, Friend & I hope lover.

I had gone down in hours at work so I had Friday's off. The weekend of my birthday arrived with no plans. It was only Thursday but I was already in a bit of a sour mood. Stupid Birthday's! I was doing my normal routine, cleaning the house & such. James my husband said he was going to go to town to get some stuff for the on going house project. I did think it a bit out of the ordinary, but not much. I finished all my chores and sat down to watch TV.

That is when James came back home & had company with him. He had Marina with him! I ran to her with tears in my eyes & hugged her tightly. She said, "Surprise babyluv." 

I looked at James & asked," you were in on this?" He cooked the whole thing up! Wow! I've never been so surprised or felt so loved ever. Apparently he bought her plane ticket out here. 

Marina & I spent the entire night talking. We managed to keep our hands off of each other, mostly. I don't really know how. Seeing her, looking into her eyes made me so horny. She had had a long day so I let her sleep in my bed & I slept on the couch. We hugged goodnight and I kissed her slowly passionately. I let her go and told her to get her sleep because she will need her rest for what I had in store for her.

The next morning, James left for work; I got a shower then proceeded to make breakfast. Marina arrived in the kitchen just in time for French toast & Bacon right off the stove. I told her she needed to eat because she was going to need her strength. We ate & talked, as we watched the sun rise over the lake. The sun was shining on her. It made her glow beautifully. While looking into her eyes I could not resist leaning over the table, I reached my hand up to cup her cheek & I kissed her lips. I trailed my tongue along hers. She moaned & grabbed the back of my neck pulling me into her. She slid her tongue as far in my mouth as she could. Our bodies came together so tightly as if glued. Her breasts against me were like heaven, I could feel her nipples so hard. I moved my hand to her breast & began to gently massage her nipple between my fingers. Marina moved her hand down the front of my body brushing past my breasts. The next thing I know her hand is sliding down the front of my pants & her finger has slid into my throbbing wet pussy. At the same time she looked me straight in the eyes & said, "I have been so looking forward to fucking You Carmen & I have been insane with longing for you & I love you Carmen. Marina's finger moving inside me, her palm against my clit, Her words of love just out of her mouth, my eyes rolled into my head I screamed her name & my whole body tensed & seized with the most incredible orgasm. 

Marina then pushed me away. I asked, "God girl why? I'm still on fire!" "I have got to taste you!" I told her. 

She said, "All in good time babes". She headed for the shower. I started to clean up the breakfast mess with shaky arms & legs. It was all I could do not to go in the bathroom to join her & partake of her. I gave her the space she needed. 

When Marina emerged from the bathroom even more irresistible than before she went in. She was so clean I could not wait to get her dirty. She asked, "Are you going to take me for a ride on that boat?" 

I detected some innuendo in that sentence. I grinned ear to ear & Said, "Follow me!" So we mounted up on the pontoon. We took a leisurely morning gander around the lake. We took the channel back to the secluded little lake. I parked the boat in the middle of the lake. I went to her took her in my arms. I told her in no uncertain terms, "I'm going to taste you & I'm going to do it right now." She smiled, oh my god her smile melts me. I kissed her smile, her lips, and her neck. I lifted her shirt over her head, removed her bra. I stood back for a moment just to let my eyes soak in this my first view of Marina in her splendor. I let my fingers brush her nipples.

As I looked at her I told her, "That she was beautiful & she made me ache & I loved her." I kissed her hard. I thought I may have tasted a tear. I laid her down. I kissed down her neck to her breasts taking a nipple in my mouth & savoring the texture & taste of it. I flicked it with my tongue. At the same time I moved my hand softly down her stomach, I undid her jeans (she had to help.) I slid my hand into her pants & slipped my finger down her slit. It was hot & very slippery wet. My finger slid easily to her tight hole. I slid in then back out. I took my hand out & took her jeans off of her. 

I thought to myself, "This woman finally naked in my presence!" I ripped my clothes off & lay on top of her the feeling of our bodies together is like nothing I've ever felt. I moved my mouth over her pussy & put my tongue on her clit lightly at first. I flicked it. She moaned softly. She asked for more please more. I lowered my tongue to her hole & at the same time pushed her legs apart. I drove my tongue in her as far as I could get it. "Oh god" I moaned, "You are so much sweeter than I ever dreamed." 

I placed my finger where my tongue just was. I proceeded to lick, flick Marina's clit. She was moaning & her hands were running through my hair. I felt her body stiffen. It was like time standing still & then everything gave way. She screamed her pussy spasms in time with her body. Her cum juices were flowing down my chin. I tried to get it all but could not contain it. I kissed Marina & laid my head upon her breast listening to her breathing & heart beat slow to normal. "Let's get dressed" I suggested. We took the boat back home.

I took Marina to my bedroom. We undressed each other slowly, touching parts of each other softly as we went. I took some lotion & started massaging Marina's shoulders & back. I took my time. I leaned down & kissed her neck I kissed down her back I kissed every part of the woman. I asked, "Are you ready to try the strap-on?"

She said, "Yes please!" I fingered her pussy, she was so very wet. Marina's bucking & begging me to fuck her turned me on so much that as I pushed inside of her. I exploded, I came. I fucked her like I knew what I was doing. She rolled on top of me & straddled me, fucking me. I put my finger on her clit. She bucked & came, she collapsed next to me. I love the way she looks at me. I love the, me that I see in her eyes. We spent the whole Friday making love to each other in various ways & positions. 

James came home from work & we were all ready to go out to dinner. He asked, "How was your day dear?"

"I can't begin to explain." I answered. That night Marina & I slept together just locked & lost in each others arms. We spent Saturday showing her around & making out off & on. Once again we slept together cuddling & close. 

Sunday brought the dreaded trip to the airport & good-byes or rather see you later! This time seemed just as hard to leave as the last. This was the best birthday ever! It has been days since she has been gone & I don't feel so incomplete this time. I finished my unfinished business. There are moments still when I'd like to give up everything to be with her. She would never stand for that. I'm a person of Fantasy & she a girl of the "Real world" She will be always & forever my best friend & my favorite lover!