 Many thanks to my editor, whoredinarygirl.



The oxycodone had dulled my pain to a reasonable level. The surreal feeling of unremitting agony was replaced by a feeling of sleepy boredom. I had been in the ER for over five hours, moved from lobby to waiting room, waiting room to private exam room. 

My clothes were neatly folded on a chair and I had only a thin gown and a pair of socks on. I'd tried to cling to my panties but the nurse told me to remove them. So now I was lying on the hard, narrow gurney with this flimsy gown that opened in the back. I looked at the privacy curtain and listened to staff bustle about in the corridor outside, hoping someone would come in and do something to me, anything to relieve the boredom. Finally someone did come, an orderly there to steer my gurney to yet another room. 

We finally arrived at a room labeled "Ultrasound." The orderly wheeled me in and closed the door, leaving me alone in a dim room. After a thankfully brief wait, a woman came in and held out her hand, introducing herself as Carmen. Carmen was a beautiful black woman, her hair pulled back in a professional bun, contrasting with her full lips and large eyes. Her small hand was warm in mine for the brief moment we touched. 

"Can you get up here by yourself?" she asked, indicating another bed or table of some sort, covered in more crisp, white cotton sheets. 

"I think so," I responded, carefully sitting and dangling my legs over the edge of the gurney. She gave me her hand again and steadied me as I made the move from gurney to exam table. The oxycodone was working, I felt no pain at all. 

I was surprised when she pulled out gynecological stirrups. She draped my lap with a heavy sheet and said, "Just slide down here and put your feet in the stirrups."

I complied, but said, "It's my stomach that hurts."

"We do transvaginal ultrasound because it gives much clearer pictures. Don't worry, it's not like a pap smear, much more comfortable."

It was already more comfortable because I was not lying flat on my back, but slightly inclined. I could see her face above the tent of the sheet over my knees. 

"OK, I'm going to apply some lubricant, it shouldn't be too cold." And it wasn't, it was blood warm, startling me. 

"Now I'm inserting the probe. This won't hurt," she assured me. And it didn't. It was smooth and much more slender than the speculum used in ordinary pelvic exams. The thick lubricant made it slide in easily, an odd sensation. 

We chatted a bit while she moved the probe around, consulted her computer monitor, and clicked her mouse now and then. In typical pelvic exams, the slight discomfort of the speculum distracted me from the fact that someone was putting something inside me. That discomfort was not there, and I was relaxed enough to notice Carmen's beauty again. 

Click click, moving the probe around, pause, more clicking, reposition the probe again. This went on for quite a while and our chit chat was no longer distracting me from the novel feeling of the probe moving around in the thick lubricant. It started feeling sort of pleasant. 

I was mortified of course. How could having a medical instrument up me be anything but clinical? But the more she adjusted it, the nicer it felt. We had stopped talking and all I could think of was the probe. She then twisted it and pressed up so that it found my g-spot. I gasped.

"Hit a sensitive spot?" she asked.

"Yes." I tried to keep my voice normal. 

"Does this hurt?" She moved the probe slightly in and out. It rubbed deliciously and I had a hard time not gasping. 

"No." 

Click click went the mouse as she held the wand against my g-spot, readjust, more clicks. Every adjustment required an agony of self-control to prevent moans escaping from me. I closed my eyes and tried to think of something else. The lubricant felt great, my inner lips were becoming very sensitive and the slight in and out motion continued to stimulate my g-spot. 

Now she was readjusting the angle of the probe, rubbing more firmly against my sweet spot and tickling my opening. I was unsure if it was lubricant or my own juices now making it slide so smoothly. 

Click click, and now when she moved it, I did make a noise, a soft moan. I couldn't help it. 

"Some people find this part uncomfortable. Are you OK?"

"Mm hmm." I couldn't trust myself to speak. If this went on, I wouldn't be able to stay silent. She was now rotating the probe, then returned to the small in and out adjustments. I was so absorbed in trying to remain quiet, it took me a while to notice she wasn't clicking the mouse anymore. 

I opened my eyes and looked at her over my knees. She gave me a smile and said, "Tell me if you want me to stop." 

Now she was sliding it in and out, and neither of us could pretend she was doing her job anymore. She was wielding her tool like a pro, stroking my g-spot as she twisted the probe this way and that. 

Closing my eyes, I gave myself up to the sensation. Her finger on my clit made me jump. As she levered the wand up and down, it teased my pussy lips, while the end of the wand rubbed my g-spot. Adding her slow stroking of my clit made me lose all control, gasping and then moaning. My legs were taut and straining against the stirrups, my back arched, all my muscles pulled tight around the incredible feelings. 

I was trying to stifle my moans when Carmen said, "This room is sound proof. Go ahead."

I was surprised by the loud gasping cry that came from me. But then I didn't care. Writhing, thrusting my hips up, I pushed myself against her finger now wiggling my hard clit back and forth. She increased the pressure of both the wand and her finger, pressing hard now, moving expertly, making me call out "Oh God!"

My loud cries were climbing up the register, rising as the insane thrill went higher and higher. I'd never felt this hard, intense pleasure before. Somehow it surpassed even the pleasure of an ordinary orgasm, yet I was not there yet. 

Then the first orgasm exploded out like a nova. Panting and crying out random words "Yes! God! Yes!" I didn't come down from my orgasm, but plunged into another one, tearing screams out of me. Then another and another and another. Thrashing, screaming, I felt I couldn't endure another orgasm but they kept coming. Alternately begging her to stop and urging her on, they ripped through me, until I really couldn't take any more. Carmen relented and I collapsed. 

She withdrew the probe and I clamped my thighs together. I felt battered, but battered with pleasure. I don't know how long Carmen let me rest, my heavy breathing slowing and my mind pulling back into itself after the huge explosions of pleasure that obliterated all else. 

Eventually I looked up to find her looking content and pleased. 

"Nine," she said.

I looked at her blankly.

"You came nine times. I always count."

Always? She does this on a regular basis?

"Most women can only handle four or five." 

She returned to the computer screen, clicking her mouse again.

"And good news, it isn't your appendix, it's your gall bladder. I wouldn't have been able to play with you if it had been your appendix."

Play with me? This was a game for her?

"You'll need to talk to the doctor, but my guess is outpatient laproscopic surgery. That's a snap. You'll heal up in a couple of days, and no more pain." 

She handed me a box of tissues and said, "I'll let you clean up, then the orderly will take you back down to the ER."

Holding out her hand, she said, "It's been a pleasure." A warm, firm handshake and she was gone.

I rode down to the ER in a daze and was rather distracted when the doctor explained that it was my gall bladder at fault and that I'd need outpatient laproscopic surgery. Carmen knew her stuff. 

When my husband picked me up, I found myself wondering what else a person could need an ultrasound for...