 Disclaimer: This is a work of fiction concocted entirely within my imagination. Any resemblance to real people shouldn't be surprising since most of my stories are based on people I know. While I hope you enjoy this story and are compelled to provide feedback, I don't expect the subject matter will appeal to everyone who reads it. As such, I discourage venomous, nasty feedback full of violent wishes against essentially fictional characters in fictional situations. If this story does not appeal to you, there is undoubtedly one somewhere on Literotica that will, so your energy will be better spent on finding it rather than on vilifying me.

*

Carol was pleased that Karen had agreed to meet her at the new house to "help her with some decorating," because she had a huge favor to ask her friend. They had closed on the new house, but wanted to take some time getting everything just right before they actually started moving in. This gave Carol the perfect opportunity to recruit Karen to help her with something that she didn't exactly want her husband, or the rest of her family, knowing about. It had been a few weeks that she'd been corresponding with an old friend from high school who she hadn't seen in almost twenty years and she kept promising to send him a current photo, but she hadn't been happy about any of the photos she had at her disposal. If she'd asked her husband, or even one of her kids, to help her take a photo that she intended to share with a guy who they'd never met, it was bound to result in a lot of questions. She knew that Karen would understand her desire to send a photo that was just right, even if there was no ulterior motive involved, and that she could be trusted to keep it just between the two of them.

She couldn't have walked out of the house they were still living in with her makeup all done up and wearing something not appropriate for working around the new house without arousing suspicion, so she would have to count on Karen to help her make the most of what she had on. When Karen showed up and said she was ready to work, Carol explained what she actually needed Karen's help with. Karen raised her eyebrows, of course, but accepted Carol's declaration that there wasn't anything inappropriate going on with this old friend; that she just wanted to be able to share a decent photo with him. Karen helped her look her best given what she had to work with and what she was wearing, then figured out the best location in the house with the best lighting, which turned out to be the master bedroom. There was some furniture there, since this master bedroom was bigger than their current one and they had decided to buy new furniture for it while their current furniture would go into the guest room.

They tried a couple of different spots until they both agreed on the one that produced the best results and Karen started taking photos while having Carol turn different ways and strike different expressions. Karen paused at one point and asked if Carol wanted to unbutton her blouse just a little to see if it would look good without coming across as too sexy. Carol agreed, thinking that if they were too sexy but she liked the way they turned out, she might hang onto them for some other occasion. She unbuttoned her blouse a little bit, Karen took some photos, then she unbuttoned it a little bit more and Karen took some more photos. When they reviewed them, they agreed that they weren't too sexy but Carol kind of liked the idea of taking something that maybe was a little bit sexier. In a non-judgmental way, Karen asked what she thought she might do with some sexier photos, whether maybe there was some desire to share them with this guy from high school.

Carol had to admit that the idea of a guy she'd known and, okay, maybe had found attractive back then seeing some risqué photos of her had a bit of naughty allure to it, but she really didn't expect that he'd even be interested in seeing the 38-year-old version of her body when he probably recalled the younger, thinner version.

"Well," Karen went on, "don't forget that he has aged as well. Would you want to see beefcake photos of him at his current age?"

Carol had seen some photos of him already, and he appeared to still be in good shape, so she had to admit that it was something she'd be interested in. Karen suggested that it was possible that he might feel the same way about her and that Carol did have a very nice figure, after all. Carol balked at that, of course, but Karen countered by suggesting that they go ahead and take some tastefully sexy photos for the potential of sharing and some photos that were a bit more revealing so that Carol could see for herself that her figure could be viewed as quite appealing to anyone who might have the good fortune to see it. Carol couldn't come up with a reasonable argument and figured that, at the very least, it was a digital camera and she could delete anything she didn't like.

Karen had her continue unbuttoning her blouse, taking photos the entire time, and had her expose her bra as it became visible. With her blouse fully unbuttoned, she took some shots with it hanging open and her bra exposed before suggesting that Carol pull the cups down just enough to reveal her nipples. Carol was starting to feel quite sexy as she was slowly undressing and her nipples were very stiff as she pulled the top edge of her bra down to expose her nipples and their surrounding areolas. With those shots taken, Karen had her pull her bra back in place and shed the blouse, then open her jeans to reveal the top of her panties. Karen seemed to think this was quite a nice shot as she took several photos like this before she had Carol start slipping out of her jeans. Carol wasn't sure how she felt about the shots Karen took of her from behind as she bent over to push her jeans all the way down, but reminded herself that they could easily be deleted.

Now just in her bra and panties, and actually starting to feel a bit horny, Karen took some photos of her standing but then had her lay on the new bed, even though the mattress was still bare. The more she posed, the more worked up she was getting and the more she was getting into it. She was rolling around, allowing Karen to shoot her from all angles, then shed the bra to reveal her tits which, thanks to three kids, were quite a bit larger than they had been in high school. She showed them proudly until she was ready to slip her panties off, which she did slowly to allow shots from the front and back. Eventually, her dark blonde bush was fully exposed and she was glad that she kept it well groomed. She was contemplating going a bit further and actually masturbating for the camera because she was so worked up, but Karen had another idea.

Pausing and looking at Carol as she was sprawled out naked in the middle of the bed, Karen asked if the photo session was making her horny. Carol nodded enthusiastically as she absently stroked one of her nipples. Karen then surprised her by asking if she would be okay with Karen going down on her. Carol had never had a bisexual experience in her life but she was so fired up at that moment that she was open to just about anything. As soon as she gave Karen the go ahead, Karen set the camera down and was between Carol's thighs, licking her dripping pussy. Carol moaned as Karen's tongue ran up between her lips, tasting the juices that had collected there, and brushed across her clit. It was quickly apparent that, although this might be Carol's first rodeo, it certainly wasn't Karen's.

As she licked and sucked Carol's clit, Karen slipped first one, then a second finger into her and started pumping them in and out. Carol was going out of her mind with the level of pleasure that she was feeling, in part due to being so worked up and in part due to this being an entirely new experience for her. She was caressing her own tits and gently pulling her nipples while pushing her pussy rhythmically toward Karen's face. The longer Karen ate her pussy, the more pleasure she felt until she wasn't sure she could experience any more without completely losing her mind. Karen had always felt that, given the right circumstances, she'd manage to get herself into this position eventually and was doing her best to make sure that it didn't end up being a one-time thing. She concentrated her efforts on making Carol feel the most extensive, most intense pleasure that she was capable of providing. If she succeeded, she knew that Carol would be hers to indulge in whenever she felt the urge from that moment on.

As Carol approached what promised to be a monumental orgasm, all coherent thought went right out the window and she was all about Karen's tongue on her clit. Her hips were rocking wildly and her tits bouncing as her moans got louder the closer she got to cumming. When the wave finally washed over her, it was like no orgasm she'd ever experienced before and she wasn't sure that she would be able to fully recover from it. Gradually, though, her head did begin to clear and she glanced down past her heaving chest to see Karen smiling up at her just beyond her bush, looking like the cat that ate the canary. Once she'd caught her breath, she told Karen how awesome it had been and Karen assured her that any time she wanted it again, all she had to do was ask. The camera was sitting on the mattress within reach, so Carol grabbed it and suggested that it was Karen's turn to undress while Carol took pictures.

Karen stood up and moved back enough to give Carol a good shot while Carol sat up and turned the camera back on. Since Karen's shirt didn't have buttons, Carol started with a few fully-dressed shots before Karen simply lifted her shirt to expose a very sexy bra underneath. Their breasts were probably comparable in size but Karen's bra was cut low enough to enhance her cleavage and Carol could feel a tingle between her legs again already. She continued shooting as the shirt went away and Karen leaned forward to accentuate her cleavage. She then opened her jeans as she'd had Carol do for shots with her panties just exposed before she dropped her jeans, too. She didn't have the issue that Carol had with being photographed from behind and turned to show off the thong that she was wearing. Carol experienced a surprise when she realized that she felt like biting Karen's ass.

After a few shots of Karen just in her lingerie, they switched spots so that Karen could pose on the bed as Carol had. Carol found herself getting anxious to see Karen naked and felt butterflies in her stomach as Karen reached behind herself to unhook her bra. Carol kept snapping shots as Karen's breasts were fully revealed, feeling surprise again when she realized how much she wanted to get her hands on Karen's tits. She focused on capturing some perfect shots of Karen's tits that she was sure she'd be reviewing in the future when she found herself with some alone time. Finally, Karen started to peel off her thong panties and Carol was surprised once again to see that Karen's pussy was completely shaved. She managed to take a few more photos before she couldn't resist any longer and had to ask Karen if it was okay for her to eat Karen's pussy. Karen nodded like the knowing sage who expected this outcome.

Carol set the camera aside and lay between Karen's spread legs, admiring her shaved pussy. As Karen watched, she ran her fingers over the smooth skin around it before spreading her lips apart and running her tongue up between them. Carol had never even tasted her own pussy before, other than on the breath of some of the guys who had eaten her out, but she wasn't put off at all as she lapped up Karen's abundant juices; on the contrary, she found that she liked it quite a bit. Much as Karen had to her, she moved to licking and sucking Karen's clit while slipping first one finger, then a second into her slippery pussy. Knowing what she typically liked and recalling what Karen had done to her, she went right to work enthusiastically devouring Karen's shaved pussy. Karen was very encouraging while she relished the feel of Carol's virgin tongue on her clit, not surprised at all that Carol was a natural pussy eater.

Karen had been worked up from the moment that Carol had started to unbutton her own blouse and was now savoring the pleasure that Carol was providing as her orgasm rapidly built. It wasn't just the feel of Carol's tongue and fingers that had her practically panting as she rocked her hips toward Carol's face; seeing her good friend down between her spread thighs, enthusiastically devouring her pussy, as she had imagined so many times and knowing that this was the first pussy she'd ever eaten also had her on edge sexually like she hadn't been in a very long time. Consequently, although she wanted to enjoy having Carol eating her pussy for hours upon hours, her orgasm was building so quickly that there was no way that she could put it off. As she felt herself right on the verge of cumming, she took solace in the fact that this was just the first and certainly wouldn't be the last time that she'd have the opportunity to appreciate Carol's obvious oral talents.

With a cry and a shudder that coursed through her entire body, Karen started to cum as Carol eagerly lapped up the increased flow of fluids that came with her intense orgasm. Only after she went still did Carol raise her head and slip her fingers free from Karen's pussy and into her own mouth. Once she'd caught her breath, Karen told Carol that she was amazing and gestured for her to climb up onto the bed with her. Carol crawled up over Karen and lay on top of her as they started to make out, tasting each other on their respective lips and tongues. This, of course, didn't help either of them to settle down, so it was clear that the adventures of this night weren't nearly over. Their breasts and thighs rubbed together, at least when there wasn't a hand in between them as one of them felt up the other. Gradually Karen got them into a position where they could rub their pussies together by intertwining their legs.

Carol initially felt that she could spend the rest of the night rubbing her furry pussy against Karen's smooth one, but after a little while, even though she could feel another orgasm building, she started to realize that it was a bit of an awkward position. Karen notice that Carol seemed to be struggling a bit after a little while and realized that it would take a little while to get the feel for scissoring, so she recommended something that would be a bit easier for Carol. She had Carol just lay in the middle of the bed and positioned herself over her, with her head over Carol's pussy and her pussy over Carol's head. She lowered her head and started to lick Carol's pussy while Carol raised her head and started to lick Karen's. The room was otherwise quiet but for the slurping sounds of tongues and fingers and the occasional soft moan. It didn't take long, however, before the moans were getting louder and more passionate as they each approached yet another monumental orgasm.

It was about as close to a simultaneous orgasm as they could possibly have managed. They both started to cum, their bodies twitching and their pussies flooding with juices as they each moaned with the intensity of the pleasure. The orgasms were not only intense but felt never ending as wave after wave of pleasure washed over them. Karen finally had to roll off to the side of Carol when she could no longer support herself. They lay there catching their breath then sat up and kissed, though less passionately this time, and decided it was time to pull their clothes back on. They did end up talking about decorating a little bit, but both decided that they'd probably need to spend a number of nights over there before they got everything figured out. The photos went onto a couple of CDs, one for each of them, and Carol shared a few of the sexier ones with her old friend, which prompted him to send a few sexier ones of himself. Carol found herself wondering how far they'd end up taking things and was glad to have a new sexual outlet when she spent too much time thinking about it.