 As I pull into the driveway, I feel the butterflies return to my stomach. We've hung out before, fooled around before, but every time I see her, I get butterflies. I sit in the truck for a minute, remembering the last time I saw her. I can feel myself getting wet as I remember how her hands felt on my breasts, her breath on my clit. I shake myself out of my remembrances, and walk up to her door. I knock, and she lets me in. I give her a hug hello, and we move to the kitchen to get a drink. She grabs a beer from the fridge, and mixes my vodka and juice.

We move to sit on her couch, me with one leg tucked up underneath me, facing her; her with her feet up on the coffee table, facing the TV. We just sit there for a moment, enjoying each other's company. She turns to face me, our eyes meet, and we smile. I ask how her day was, and she tells me it was ok. Her boss was out for the day, so it was a nice relaxing day with the kids. She asks about my day, and I roll my eyes, and say that it was just boring paperwork again. She laughs, and reminds me that I enjoy my job. As I stretch my arm out along the back of the couch, behind her head, I laugh too, and agree.

She leans her head back onto my arm as she smiles at me. I smile back, and move to place my drink on the coffee table, using it as an excuse to move closer to her. I wrap my arm around her as I sit back, and she shifts so our thighs are pressing together. She looks up at me, and asks what I want to do. I tell her it's up to her, as I let my hand fall onto her thigh. She leans forward, and grabs the TV remote. As she tries to find something to watch, I watch her. I can't seem to take my eyes off her. She's beautiful. I'm not sure what she sees in me, but I'm glad she sees it.

She finds something on TV, but neither of us are really watching it. She keeps sneaking looks at me, only to get caught each time. I finally laugh after catching her yet again, and pull her into a tight hug, pressing her against me. She leans into the hug and laughs herself. I relax my arms around her, but don't completely let go. She settles in, and we watch some TV for a bit. Eventually, we lay down, me on the inside of the couch, arms wrapped around her to keep her from falling off. She's lying on her back, but is watching the TV. Slowly, I start to move my top arm, using my hand to draw little circles on her stomach. Ever so slowly, the circles expand in size, until I'm just barely brushing the underside of her breast at the top of the circle. 

All this time, it looks as if she's just paying attention to the TV, and ignoring me, but I heard her sharp intake of breath the first time my fingers brushed against her breasts, telling me that she's not as absorbed in the TV show as she appears to be. I laugh to myself, and wonder how far I can go with teasing her before she'll give up pretending to watch TV. Slowly, I trace a line down her from her ribcage, along her hip, and down her thigh to her knee. I slowly start making circles again, but this time, instead of increasing the size of the circles, I slowly move up her leg. 

When I get close to the junction between her legs, I feel her shift slightly, and I know I've got her attention. Instead of continuing to move up with the circles, I move to the side, and continue up her side, over her hip, up her rib cage. When I get to her breasts, I flatten my hand out, and begin just running my hand over her flat stomach, imagining myself covering her with kisses. She moves the arm closest to me, and places her hand between my legs, and starts to gently kneed my thigh. I let my hand wander up over her breast, and I just cup it. As I allow my hand to just sit there, I can feel her anticipation in how she begins to kneed a little harder, almost asking me to do something. I move my thumb, just enough to brush over her nipple, and I can feel it harden under my touch. 

I gently pinch her nipple between my fingers, and she takes another sharp breath. Now I know I've got her undivided attention. She turns to look at me, and just looks into my eyes, as I play with her nipple and her with my thigh. I release her nipple and let my hand slowly drift back over her stomach, inching lower and lower. I run one finger under the waist of her jeans, testing to see how tight they are. I slowly unbutton them, and run my hand even lower. I trace the top of her panties with my finger, occasionally allowing my fingers to dip a little lower over her mound. I can feel her panties getting a little wetter each time. 

I slowly start to work her jeans down over her hips, and down her legs. She helps by lifting her gorgeous ass off the couch, then picking her legs up. Once her jeans reach her knees, she takes over, and sits up to remove them. As she sits forward, I reach under her shirt, and unclasp her bra. I grab the hem of her shirt, and pull it over her head, taking her bra with it, so when she lies back down, I have full access to her breasts. I lean down and nip at her nipple with my teeth, then soothe it with my tongue. Each nip causes her breath to catch for just a second. I suck her nipple into my mouth, and it's almost as if it controls her whole body. As I suck, her back arches, forcing her nipple farther into my mouth. 

I allow her nipple to slip out of my mouth as I go back to tracing her panty line with my hands. However, this time, I trace the top, and the sides. I can feel the heat radiating from her when my fingers trace out where her panties meet her legs. I can't help but run my fingers over the crotch of her panties when I feel that heat. She moans, and I catch her moan in my mouth as I lean down to kiss her passionately. I slowly trace her slit with my fingers, feeling her arch against me again. Our tongues intertwine, each of us teasing the other, as I slowly slip my hand underneath her panties to feel her heat and wetness with nothing in the way. I can't believe how wet she is. I dip my fingers into that wetness, and then raise my fingers to my lips and taste her. She watches me, her eyes glassed over with desire. 

I can't stand it another minute. I need to see her, all of her. I slide out from next to her, and slide her panties down her legs, and off of her. I take a minute to just sit back and look at her. I can't believe how beautiful she is. She leans forward and kisses me gently. I kiss her back, slowly pushing her to lie back down. I carefully lay down on top of her, kissing her, tongues in each others mouths. I slide my hand back down between her legs, this time doing more than just teasing her. I slowly trace her slit with the tip of my finger, pressing a little harder to part her lips. I feel, rather than hear, her breath catch when my finger grazes across her clit. I slowly circle around it, not touching, just missing it. I feel her pushing against my hand, trying to get my fingers on her very sensitive button. 

I give in, not able to deny her anything. I press my fingers against her button, and feel her push back. I move my fingers in a circle, the way I know she likes. Unable to help myself, I slide one finger inside her. Her heat is incredible. As I slide another finger in, her walls grip them tight, as if they'll never let go. Sliding my fingers in and out of her, I slowly move down so my face is even with her pussy. Never letting my fingers stop, I lick her from my fingers to her clit. 

The second my tongue connects with her clit, she jumps, not expecting it. I suck it into my mouth, playing my tongue over it. I feel her walls clamp down even tighter on my fingers, and I know she's about to cum. I let go of her clit just long enough to say "Cum for me baby," and suck her clit back into my mouth. The second I do, I can feel her let go. Her cum floods over my fingers, coating them even more. I keep my fingers moving, prolonging her orgasm, until she's begging me to stop; I slow my fingers down, bringing her down gently. 

I lick my fingers clean, and move off of her. I slowly move so I'm between the back of the couch and her, and slide one arm under her neck, the other rests on her chest. I kiss her, letting her taste herself on me. She kisses me back passionately, throwing her arm over me to pull herself closer to me. As we lay there, I feel her breathing even out, and I know she's fallen asleep. I close my eyes, and allow myself to drift off, wondering how I got so lucky.