 Chapter 1: The Education of Carrie's Breasts

The Story Begins: From the outset, it was unclear which of them was seducing the other. When they met during an aerobics class at their health club, it had been Julie who suggested that they wind down at her apartment, and it had been Julie who introduced Carrie to the sensual pleasures which one woman can provide another. 

On that first occasion, Julie had done no more than give Carrie an innocent massage. Upon their return to her apartment, Julie prepared them some tea while Carrie, still wearing the leotard in which she had exercised, relaxed in a chair. After finishing her own tea, Julie approached Carrie and positioned herself so that her stomach rested against the back of Carrie's chair. The tea having induced a pleasant state of lassitude in her well exercised body, Carrie closed her eyes and let her head fall back into the warmth of Julie's breasts. Enjoying the feel of the head nestled against her breasts, Julie placed her hands on either side of the head resting on her chest, gathered Carrie's hair so that it hung down the back of the chair, and then ran her fingers along the contours of Carrie's exposed ears. Although she was taken by surprise at the intimacy of Julie's attentions, Carrie raised no objections, even when Julie's hands drifted down from her ears and began to massage her neck and shoulders. On the contrary, she marveled at the skill with which Julie's hands soothed her tired body and at her body's gratitude for the sensual relaxation which it was experiencing. Thus, when, having completed her massage, Julie let her hands slip along Carrie's sides until they came to rest on her hips and leaned forward to place a chaste kiss on her upturned forehead, Carrie found this unexpectedly loving gesture entirely natural and welcome.

Welcome as Julie's kiss may have been, it broke the spell under which both women had been captive since their arrival at Julie's apartment. In fact, the instant that Julie's lips left her forehead, for the first time Carrie became disturbed by the peculiarity of the situation and roused herself from the semi-somnolent state into which she had fallen. Struggling with conflicting emotions about what had transpired, Carrie rose from the chair in which she had been sitting and, with some embarrassment, quickly prepared for her departure. Carrie bade Julie goodbye and, out of politeness more than an appreciation of its possible implications, promised to look for her during their next class at the health club. 

Indeed, it was not until Carrie returned to her own apartment and had taken a shower that she fully realized that aspects of her visit to Julie's place warranted her further consideration. Specifically, she found herself examining the ease with which Julie had lulled her into acquiescence and questioning her own disinclination to resist. Never before had she had reason to wonder about her own sexual predilections, but now, remembering the veil of sensuality which Julie's hands had cast over her mind, she was forced to recognize that she had not only accepted what Julie had done but craved more of the same. 

On the one hand, Carrie prided herself on her liberal attitude toward sex, but, on the other hand, this was the first time that she had to confront the possibility that her sexual makeup included a component which might be best satisfied by another woman. Standing naked before her bathroom mirror, Carrie stared at herself as she ran her hands over her body. She began by retracing the path which Julie's hands followed, but she did not stop where Julie had. Instead, she continued down her front, first cupping her breasts while teasing her nipples with her fingers and then running her palms along the pleasing contours of her belly.

As she watched her hands rub the muscles around and below her navel, Carrie wondered how she would have responded had Julie's hands made a similar exploration of her body. Surely it must be true that she, as distinguished from a man, would have, from her own experience, personal knowledge of a woman's anatomy and its responses. Not only would she know the pure sensuality of having ones breasts and stomach caressed, she would know first hand the ambiguity a woman experiences when she entrusts her body to another's care. Such knowledge would give her a special appreciation of the responses she was eliciting and an instinctive sense for those portions of the female body from which the greatest pleasure can be derived. 

On the other hand, exciting as Carrie found all these considerations, she could not help being concerned about their implications. Was she really open to the possibility of having sexual relations with another woman? Liberated as she prided herself on being, she had not before given serious thought to engaging in lesbian activities. Indeed, she had never been sexually attracted to another woman, and, even now, she did not feel any sexual attraction to Julie's body. Instead, what fascinated her was Julie's attraction to her body and the as yet unexplored possibilities which might result from that attraction. Thus it was a rather perplexed state in which Carrie ended her narcissistic idyll before the mirror and completed her preparations for bed.

The Second Time: Throughout her next aerobics class, Carrie was acutely aware of Julie's presence, although neither she nor Julie gave any evidence of their nascent relationship. Nonetheless, at the end of the class when they were retrieving their coats, she was pleased when Julie approached her and invited her to again come for tea. As on her first occasion, the visit began in an entirely conventional mode, with Julie going to make the tea and Carrie seated in the same chair waiting for her. Moreover, just as before, when she had drunk her own tea, Julie again approached Carrie from the rear and cradled her head while using her hands to caress her neck and shoulders. 

However, this time Julie did not stop at her shoulders. Instead, when Julie's hands had soothed the knots out of the tendons in Carrie's neck and shoulders, they returned to her front and dropped until they lay on top of her breasts. Perhaps because she had, while fondling them herself, imagined such intimacy, Carrie made no attempt to interfere. On the contrary, her only reaction was, by pulling her shoulders back, placing her arms along her sides, and clasping the seat of her chair with her fingers, to give Julie greater access to her breasts, a reaction which Julie correctly interpreted as an invitation to go further. 

Pressing gently but firmly with her palms, Julie molded Carrie's breasts, at times pushing them nearly flat against her ribs, at other times cupping from below to enhance their fullness, and sometimes kneading them just hard enough to make their fullness bulge between her fingers. Encumbered as her breasts were by the sports bra which encased them, Carrie derived less explicitly erotic stimulation from Julie's fondling than she would have had they been bare. Nonetheless, as Carrie had hoped, Julie's handling of her breasts evinced a subtle wisdom which none of Carrie's male lovers had ever exhibited. For example, Julie never rushed but proceeded with a precision born of personal experience so that Carrie could savor every nuance of what was being done to her breasts.

By the time that Julie released her breasts, Carrie's head had fallen back until it nestled in the softness of Julie's own breasts, and, after the exertions of the aerobics class followed by Julie's sensual attentions, she had difficulty keeping her eyes open and slumped deeper into the chair. Thus, she hardly noticed when Julie leaned forward and placed her hands on the surface of Carrie's belly, which, in her relaxed position, had assumed a succulent, rounded contour under her leotard. Once her hands had arrived there, Julie, after spreading her fingers so that they would cover as much as possible of Carrie stomach, slowly increased the amount of pressure she was applying until her hands were able to deform Carrie's tummy into a succession of pleasing shapes. 

The shape that she seemed to like best was produced by her pressing on the sides of Carrie's stomach, thereby exaggerating its roundness and increasing the prominence of the region around its navel. Once she had manipulated Carrie's tummy so that the bowl surrounding her belly button was clearly delineated, Julie, while maintaining the pressure with which she had achieved the desired effect, used her thumbs to explore Carrie's navel and its environs. At first she contented herself with teasing and gently palpating the bulge of flesh along the rim and just below Carrie's navel. However, she soon moved from there to the navel itself. Working like a potter making a bowl, she anchored her hands by delving her thumbs into Carrie's belly button and used her fingers and palms to mold the firm but pliable muscles over which she was exercising steadily increasing control. Having forced Carrie's abdominal to accommodate considerable and protracted dislocation from their accustomed state, she finished by digging her thumbs into Carrie's navel until it was stretched to twice it normal size and kept them there until Carrie's stomach learned to accept this intrusion.

It took several minutes for Carrie to accustom herself to this intensely personal and slightly painful treatment. Nonetheless, after her initial shock at what was being done to her tummy, Carrie discovered that the pleasure Julie was giving her far outweighed the accompanying discomfort. Thus, she soon stopped making any attempt to protect her tummy from Julie's onslaught and joined Julie in her fascination at the variety of shapes into which a woman's stomach can be molded. Never before had she thought of her stomach as a potentially potent source of erotic pleasure. Of course, she knew her flat belly was a critical part of her sexual attractiveness to others, but she had not thought of it as a part of her body from which she might herself derive sexual pleasure. However, she now realized that, when manipulated by someone as skilled as Julie, her stomach was as susceptible to erotic stimulation as she had always known her breasts to be. 

Admittedly, the stimulation was quite different from that provided by her breasts. Whereas her breasts, and especially her nipples, were primary sources of erotic pleasure, her stomach was a secondary source. That is, the pleasure came from the fact that, as Julie probed and manipulated her navel, she was sending subtle signals throughout her abdominal cavity, signals which were transmitted via her uterus to her vagina and thence to her clitoris. Although the resulting stimulation of her clitoris was muted by comparison to that provided by more direct contact, it had a special quality. Namely, its very subtlety allowed her to concentrate on its insidious delicacy without the distraction of intercourse or the onset of imminent orgasm. 

Indeed, Carrie, with some concern, began to suspect that, by continuing to delve into her belly button, Julie could force her to remain indefinitely suspended in a highly aroused state without granting her the relief of orgasm. Carrie had often fantasized about such a possibility and had been excited by those fantasies, but she was not sure whether she wanted them to become a reality, especially when she was at the mercy of person whom she hardly knew. In addition, she still had reservations about expanding her sexual repertoire to include lesbian relations. Thus, in spite of the pleasure they had given her, Carrie was relieved when Julie finally withdrew her hands.

As soon as Julie's hands left her abdomen, Carrie let her upper body droop forward and assumed a seated approximation to a fetal position, with her forehead resting on her knees, her shoulders hunched, and her arms dangling. Appreciating that Carrie needed time to assimilate and come to terms with her new experiences, Julie resisted her urge to rouse Carrie and, after covering Carrie's bent back with a banquet, left her to recover her equanimity. Much to her own surprise, an hour had passed before Carrie discovered that she had drifted off into a peaceful sleep while curled up on Julie's chair, and her surprise was heightened when she brought herself back into a normal sitting position. Not only was she slightly stiff from staying so long in an abnormal posture, her stomach made her acutely aware of the treatment to which Julie had subjected it. 

All the musculature in the vicinity of her navel was complaining, and her belly button itself felt as if it had been deepened and stretched well beyond its normal limits. Somewhat embarrassed by these symptoms as well as by her own acquiescence in allowing the activity from which they came, Carrie was loath to engage in small talk with Julie and wanted to leave as soon as possible. For this reason, she prepared to depart and left Julie's apartment after making only minimal concessions to the usual amenities which a guest owes to her hostess.

Upon her return home, Carrie once again spent quite a while pondering as she examined her freshly showered body in her bathroom mirror. This time, there were visible traces of her visit to Julie. Specifically, the entire region around her navel had acquired a distinctly deeper pinkish hue than the rest of her front. Furthermore, when she stuck her finger into the well of her belly button and then wiggled it against the walls, she experienced an intense, but not entirely unpleasant, sensation which radiated out in concentric circles throughout her lower body and caused her to contract the muscles controlling both her vaginal and anal sphincters.

At first, Carrie was taken aback when she learned how penetrating Julie's seemingly benign massage had been. However, her initial shock was soon replaced by a sense of awe at how malleable her body could be and how skilled Julie was at bringing out its potential in that direction. In fact, by the time that she went to bed, she was convinced that she wanted to have Julie reveal more of her body's possibilities and that, in the meantime, she would keep her memories of Julie alive by each day forcing her belly button to accept a marble which she would keep in place with a sash bound around her midriff under her clothes.

No Turning Back: When Carrie accepted Julie's invitation after their next aerobics class, she had no illusions about the implications of what she was doing. Quite the contrary, she had spent a lot of the time since her last visit savoring what Julie had done with her body and imagining what she might do next. Thus, after they arrived at Julie's apartment and had finished their conventional tea ceremony, Carrie was not as shocked as she might have been when Julie asked if she would mind baring her upper body before having it worked on. 

Instead, Carrie rose from her chair and stood passively while Julie pulled the straps of her leotard off her shoulders and pushed the fabric down to her waist, where she rolled it into a band which was supported by the flare of her hips. Thinking that Julie had completed her disrobing, Carrie started to sit back down. However, Julie was not done. Guiding her with her hands on her shoulder caps, Julie gently pulled Carrie forward until their bodies met and she could comfortably reach the clasp at the back of Carrie's bra. When she had opened the clasp, Julie reversed the procedure: using her hands to push Carrie away and resuming her grip on Carrie's shoulders while coaxing the now dangling bra to drop on the floor. In this way, Carrie found herself, bared to the waist, standing directly in front of Julie, whose hands were holding her erect so that her eyes could fully appreciate the nakedness which they had exposed.

This was not the first time that Carrie had exposed her body to another woman. In her youth, Carrie had often showered with other girls. However, on those occasions, the other girls had carefully avoided overt stares at each others bodies and had restricted themselves to covert peeks a their neighbors. Such experiences were entirely different from the unabashed inspection to which Julie was subjecting her now. Starting at her neck and working their way down to her navel, Julie eyes took in every nuance of Carrie's trim figure. Further, when she had completed her visual examination, Julie slid her hands down to cup Julie's pert breasts. Carrie had always thought of her breasts as her least attractive asset. Although Carrie knew that they were nicely shaped and was proud of their youthful firmness, she regretted their size, which she considered too small. Thus, she was relieved when she saw from Julie's expression that her breasts passed muster, and her confidence increased when Julie moved her hands to capture her nipples in her fingers. On the small side Carrie's breasts might have been, but her nipples and their surrounding aureole were not. In addition, she knew, from her own observation and the appreciation lavished on them by her lovers, the skin and color of her aureole and nipples were unusually pleasing, and Julie's attention to them only reaffirmed this conclusion. 

Proceeding with exquisite care, Julie's fingers traced every facet of Carrie's nipples. First she brought Carrie's nipples to full erection and lightly teased the region where the stalks of her nipples protruded from her aureole. When she had brought Carrie's nipples to rigid attention, Julie explored their environs. Hardly touching the skin and using only the pads on her index fingers, Julie ran her fingers along the necklace of sensitive little buds adorning Carrie's aureole around each of her nipples. After familiarizing herself with the path which her fingers would follow, Julie studied Carrie's face to gage the response she was evoking and was gratified by what she saw.

The look on Carrie's face was one of bliss. With her eyes were half shut, she appeared to be holding her breath lest her breathing do anything to interrupt the contact of Julie's fingers on her aureole, and when she inevitably had to take a breath, she did so in quick gasps in order to minimize the movement of her proffered breasts. Casting her gaze back down to her fingers, Julie saw that Carrie's nipples had blossomed into hard pink points at the center of the circles she was tracing and that the breasts themselves had acquired a succulence they had not had earlier. Knowing that Carrie would be pleased by their transformation, Julie invited Carrie to tip her head so that she could appreciate what had happened to her breasts. 

Then, with Carrie watching every move, Julie began to vary her tactics. For one thing, she moved her hands so that her fingers lay along the outer sides of Carrie's breasts and replaced her fingers by her thumbs as the tormenting agents. Secondly, she alternated her attention to Carrie's aureole with visits to her nipples. Namely, taking full advantage of their rigidity, Julie intermittently flicked her thumbs against the distended stalks protruding from Carrie's chest, bending them back and forth and occasionally pressing on their tips so that they were forced into the soft mounds from which they protruded. At other times, she returned to the base of Carries nipples, along which she would run her thumbnail.

Having endured Julie's attentions for quite a while, Carrie, who was becoming increasingly frustrated by the delicacy of her touch, surreptitiously pushed her chest forward in an attempt to alleviate her frustration. When Julie noticed what Carrie was doing, she instructed her to hold herself still, and, to enforce her instruction, made her place her arms firmly against her sides and slip her hands under the band of cloth which girdled her hips. When Carrie had complied, Julie not only renewed her tactile manipulations, but augmented them verbally. 
