 Carrie, Anna and Julie crouched low so they wouldn't be caught watching the spinster pleasing herself. The sign on the office door said her name was Hannah Smuggs. Julie started breathing heavy as she watched the 50 year old Hannah thrusting the vibrator in her pussy. Carrie knew it was Julie's turn to be fucked. Anna and Carrie watched the activity in the office while Julie shoved her own dildo in her cunt. The spinster didn't look so bad after she took off her glasses and let her hair down. 

Hannah made herself more comfortable by removing her panties and nylons that were hanging at her knees and throwing them on the floor. She removed her sweater and unsnapped her bra. her breasts sagged a little from age but not enough to keep Carrie from touching herself. She looked over to Anna for help but she was occupied with Julie. Anna was busy indeed, she caressed one of Julie's breasts with one hand, fingered Julie's ass hole with the other and French kissed her all at the same time. Between watching them and Hannah's moaning she couldn't help but moan loudly. Anna and Julie stopped what they were doing to watch Carrie cum but when they looked up Hannah was gone, she was standing next to them in the door way. 

"You three get into my office now" she said with a firm voice. They were nervous. They stood in her office bare as the day they were born. Julie held a 10 inch dildo in her hand. Anna stunk of pussy and Carrie had cum running down her leg. They thought the were busted. The spinster grabbed Julie and sat her on her desk "Julie i saw what you did, you were being a very bad girl not letting someone else use your cock" with that she pulled the strap-on out of her hand and pushed Julie on to the desk. Hannah hoisted Julie's legs over her shoulders and plunged her mouth into her snatch. Julie moaned loudly with pleasure. Carrie and Anna could feel there loins burn hot. Carrie picked up the vibrator off the desk and turned it on. The vibration of it in her hand alone almost brought her to climax. she didn't want to cum yet so she had a better idea.

Anna rubbed her nipples as she watched Hannah strap on the dildo and eat out Julie at the same time. That took effort. She was a little startled when she felt something vibrating going down her back. Carrie motioned her to return to her doggie position. Anna knew what she was going to do. She spread her legs wider to assist Carrie in her efforts. Carrie lowered her head and began tonguing the tight brown anus that waved in her face. She rubbed the vibrator along Anna's erect clit. It looked too small to please Anna's well fucked cunt, so she inserted 3 fingers along with the small vibrator. Anna climaxed almost suddenly and went limp. Carrie helped her back into position and ran the vibrator into her brown hole Anna begged her to lick her. Carrie complied. Carrie sucked loudly swallowing all of Anna's cunt juice.

Julie came to the sound of Carrie slurping up the juice. Hannah pulled her closer and rammed the dick into her pussy. Julie cringed a little with pain. "Yea you little pretty. It's been a while since you were fucked with this. I was there when the house mistress first fucked you with this toy, she took your virginity and you loved it" Hannah had been in the Fuzzy Pussycat the first time Julie had been fucked. This aroused her more. Carrie left Anna on the floor to enjoy the vibe. She wanted the well educated spinster next. Hannah knew Carrie needed pleasing.

Hannah pulled out of Julie and laid down on the floor. Julie wasn't done being fucked by the librarian so she sat on the huge strap-on till it filled her anus. Carrie sat on Hannah's tongue facing Julie. Julie wanted to taste Carries lips. She pulled Carrie towards her and Carrie met her tongue with hers. The fondled each other till Hannah buckled in pleasure. "Now Carrie it is your turn to punish the little girl who wouldn't share." With that Hannah removed the cock and helped Carrie put it on. "I want you to use it on me first so you get the hang of it" 

Hannah laid on the ground her legs over her head. She helped Carrie glide the dick into her. Carrie started slow and awkward but picked up speed and she watched Julie and Anna 69. she new she had to have Julie's pussy. Julie moved herself out of 69 and stared eating Anna while Hannah sat on Anna's face. Carrie spread Julie's legs apart and entered the sweet pussy from behind. they finally all came after what seemed like hours. the office was filled with the smell of well worked vaginas.

Julie, Anna and Carrie continued to have their tutoring sessions at the library at 5 everyday and everyday the spinster librarian was there to let them in. They had many other adventures...but that's a different story.