 "Wow."

That was all that Jo could say in reaction to the story that Tess had just related to her as they chatted on the Skype connection. Jo was still overseas but now in Kuwait, awaiting her orders to return to the States, but safe, now.

What Tess had told her was the 'true' story of John Brown's death, Miriam's husband, Hope's father. The public story was that he suffered a massive coronary upon returning from a business trip after walking into his home, dropping dead in the foyer of their house. True enough, he did die from a massive heart attack but what was not public was what caused his heart to explode.

What had happened to the roly-poly gnome that was John Brown was when he returned, early, from that business trip, he caught his wife, Miriam, with three of her teenaged lovers having sex in his living room. The last thing that John Brown's eyes registered was his wife on her knees before his couch, a young man fucking his wife, doggy style, while she, his wife, sucked the cock of a second young man as she expertly stroked the hard, thick cock of a third young man sitting on the couch.

"And, you're sure that's what really happened?" Jo asked Tess as they viewed each other on their computer's screens.

"Jo, that's what Miriam, herself, confessed to me the night of his burial," Tess explained, adding, "I guess she felt the need to tell someone, to confess her big sin, I suppose," her voice betraying uncertainty as to why Miriam told her this.

They, the neighbors, the few family members that had attended Mr. Brown's services, had gathered at the Brown's home afterwards to express condolences and the like as with most funerals. As the crowd of well-wishers thinned, it was soon just Tess and Miriam, Hope having gone to bed aided by a sedative administered by Chris, Tess' step-mom who, it will be remembered, is a doctor.

"I mean, once she started sharing the true story, it flowed from her as if a dam had burst," Tess explained further to Jo, "So, I listened and gave her what comfort I could but, shit, I didn't really need to hear that and sure as shit, Hope never needs to know the truth of that night."

"True 'dat, baby; sad story but as out of shape as he was and, as overweight as he was, he was a time bomb ticking down anyway, only a matter of time," Jo said to Tess, the truth of that observation causing them both to nod in agreement.

"My time is up, baby," Jo said to her step-sis, "talk again in a couple of days?"

"You bet; we'll be moved in and should have our internet connection up and running by then. Love you!" Tess said to her Jo as they exchanged air-kisses with each other, signing off afterwards.....

The summer semester was over, Becks had graduated but, in a move that nobody saw coming, Becks and her married lover had run off together, causing a bit of drama for Tess and Jean to deal with. Becks' dad took back the title of the house that he had deeded to Becks as a pre-graduation gift when the truth came out about Becks and her married girlfriend.

Apologizing to Tess and Jean about placing them in a position that required them to find other living arrangements, he helped them secure a small,two story, two bedroom bungalow near the college as he prepared to sell the big house, using his connections in real estate to do so.

It was going to be okay, both Jean and Tess thought about the move, they would be fine as they prepared to enter their Senior year in a few weeks when the Fall semester started.

Jamming her Summer school schedule with as many hours as she could, Tess had herself positioned to graduate college early, two semesters early to be exact. At the urging of Dr. Willie, she had already started her application for Graduate School, her acceptance a done-deal since Dr. Willie and Dr. Bea co-chaired the Graduate program for the College of History at their school.

Oh, she had the grades, did Tess, and on that alone, she would probably be accepted anyway, but, having an 'inside track' was never a bad thing in Academia.

As far as her social life was concerned, it was practically non-existent that Summer, her class-load and work load as the profs' student assistant, taking much of her time. She and Madge, Tess' own married lover, still saw each other as circumstances allowed and, in fact, Tess' older lover had become a semi-regular fixture at the old Victorian house that Tess shared with Becks and Jean that summer whenever Madge's husband was safely away on his business trips.

It was only a matter of time, one could suppose but, eventually, Jean joined them in hot, steamy threesomes when the occasion presented itself from time to time. For Madge, it was all coming up roses she thought, having two young coeds to pleasure, and, to pleasure her.

Win-win was Madge's feelings about that, never, seemingly, able to sate her desire of their young pussies. Even better, for Madge, was that if Tess or Jean weren't available for play, the other usually was, apparently no jealousies between the two coeds about sharing her pussy. It was all good for the thirty-six year old married woman as far as she was concerned.

Jean's social life had suffered from her loaded-up class schedule as Tess' had, so having Madge available at the drop of a pair of panties, so to speak, served Jean well.

There would be no 2nd Annual All-Girls Soiree this year, sadly, the new living space shared by Tess and Jean being too small for such an event. There were many other coeds as saddened by that fact as Jean and Tess were.

As the semester moved along that Fall, both of the Amigoes buried themselves in their classwork or, more correctly stated, were buried by the loads they carried that Fall.

Logging off of Skype after her weekly late night phone call with Jo (ten hours time difference), Tess found herself unable to sleep, her Skype time with Jo having made her lonely for the touch and taste of her step-sis. Jean was out on a rare date and Madge was unavailable because of her husband being home so, out of boredom more than anything else, Tess roamed the personals of Craigslist for her city seeking masturbation fodder for her grist mill.

"seeking nsa play.young is good." the 'catch-line' of the ad stated. Clicking on the ad, Tess read further.

"Traveling sales exec seeks young, but legal, playmate. I don't want to fall in love, I just want to make love with younger lez, not bi, not curious; you must already know that you like pussy, I do. Your pic gets mine. ps. I'm married but he won't know."

Hmmph.

Seems to be a lot of unsatisfied married women out there, Tess thought in the moment.

Well, nothing ventured, nothing gained, Tess thought as she composed a short reply and attaching a lingerie pic that did not show her face but did, in marvelous detail, show her toned body in a lacy bra and skimpy panties. 

This particular pic had been taken by Miriam, Mrs. Brown, of Tess during a session in Miriam's home studio. Tess had lot of pics of her taken by Miriam, both nude and semi-nude, the photos able to stand alone as works of art, on her laptop.

Clicking send, Tess then navigated to a lesbian free porn site and masturbated her relief of her lonliness that night, falling asleep with a smile on her face, afterwards.

"Loved the pic, thanks. Would you be up for a drink in my suite, at my hotel, to talk? To see if we click? Hope so. Hope you like my pic as well."

Clicking on the attachment, it opened a R-rated pic of a woman, on the slender side, with a cute face, short Auburn hair, and nice looking boobs from what Tess could see. Had no idea of age but Tess thought her to be mid-thirties to early forties.

Tess thought about it a few minutes, that's all, before replying in the positive about the date, asking for the poster to pick a time after six'ish and the name of her hotel with room number. Clicking send, off the reply flew into that magical world of cyber-space. Gathering her backpack and laptop, Tess left for her day of classes, wondering about the married women she's run into in her life and their love of other females. 

"Seven? Tonight? I can't wait." was the short reply but with another attachment. Clicking onto the icon, a 'phone-pic' showed a naked female body with firm breasts and trimmed bush, the reflection of the flash blotting out any facial details.

Grinning, Tess sent her mystery date another pic, totally naked in an incredibly sexy pose. Clicking send, Tess thought she detected a bit of a warm shudder from her privates, bringing a wry smile to her face.

After showering, Tess dressed after picking out lingerie and a skirt/blouse combo that simply made her look so very fuckable and, after all, that was the point of it all, wasn't it? 

Driving to the hotel, Tess decided that she liked fucking married women who were cheating; liked the danger and thrill of the assignation, and wondering if she was a really a 'sicko' she decided that she really didn't give a fuck if she was.

"Hi."

"Hi, I'm Tess."

"Please, come in...." Syl, said, giving Tess an appreciative look, her eyes and smile a clear indication that she liked what she saw.

"I'm Sylvia, but, call me Syl," extending her hand to Tess in greeting. Taking the hand in hers, Tess brazenly held it and moving close to Syl, leaned in and gave her a soft, teasing kiss to her lips.

"Mmmmmm, that was nice," Syl remarked, her eyes staring hard into Tess', the corner of her mouth lifted in a one-sided grin, a leering grin, at that.

"Like a drink? You are old enough to drink, aren't you?" Syl asked as she walked to the bar area of her suite.

"Not really. Won't be twenty-one for a few months but doesn't stop me from drinking," Tess replied with a chuckle.

"I could use a stiff martini...have one with me?" Syl asked, reaching for the Gin and Vermouth bottles, her eyebrow arching in question.

"Yep. Like a well-made martini," Tess answered as she dropped onto one of the two barstools in front of the small wet-bar.

"Perfect. Two 'tinis coming up," Syl responded, proceeding to do her thing in making them.

"So, Tess," Syl said when taking the other barstool, next to Tess', "How long have you been doing girls?"

"Girls? Since I was fourteen; Women? Since I was sixteen," Tess answered honestly.

"Ahh, a friend's mother, I would guess?" Syl pried.

"Yep. About a year after I did the daughter first, though," Tess replied with a bit of a chuckle.

"You're not the least bit shy or bashful, are you?" Syl correctly observed.

"Nor are you," Tess responded as the smooth martini slid down her throat, excellent and strong she thought, "your post was very straight forward, reason I answered it."

"Life's too short to play games," Syl responded, trailing a long nail down the side of Tess' face, down her neck, pausing only a second or two before continuing to trace a line across the swell of Tess' tits through the vee of her blouse.

"I agree," Tess said, not stopping Syl as the married woman cupped her hand over Tess' boobs, one at a time, mumurring appreciatively while doing so.

"So, you don't have a problem that I'm twice your age?" Syl asked, her hand now on Tess' thigh, her fingers creeping slowly under Tess' short skirt.

"Uh-uh, like playing with older women, like that they are into their thing, not needing to play games, knowing what they want," Tess answered, her snatch starting to warm up from Syl's expert touches.

"Doesn't bother you that I'm married, that I'm looking for a fuck-buddy when I come to town?" Syl probed further, her hand under Tess' skirt, her fingertips tracing the outline of Tess' thong.

"Not my problem, its yours to handle, don't care at all," Tess replied, downing the rest of her martini and reaching for the back of Syl's head with her hand.

Pulling Syl close, Tess kissed Syl, their mouths opening at once, their tongues fighting with the other immediately, Syl's fingertips now under Tess' thong, rubbing circles over her mons.

"'Nother 'tini?" Syl asked when they broke their kiss, "you know, to help us relax?" 

"That'd be fine," Tess answered, walking over to the sliding patio doors that led out onto a balcony that overlooked the University across the boulevard from the hotel.

"Anything you don't do, sexually, Tess?" Syl asked, handing Tess her drink.

"Guys." was the short answer.

"Oooooh, leaves a lot of territory to cover, doesn't it, sweet-thing?" Syl replied, her leering smile even more so, now.

Downing her martini quickly, Tess set the glass down on an end table. Tess turned and walked back into the main room of the suite, removing her top, then her skirt as she did so. letting them fall to the floor behind her as she walked slowly to the small wet bar. She turned towards Syl, letting Syl gaze upon her near nakedness in the bra and thong that simply cried out that the wearer wanted to be fucked.

While keeping her eyes locked with Tess, Syl removed her blouse and skirt, letting them join Tess' garments on the suite's floor, her breasts inviting in the pushup bra, the outline of her slit visable against her tight silk briefs.

"Lock the door, Tess, I think it's time for us to fuck," Syl directed, walking towards the bedroom just off the main room of the suite.

"I think you're right," Tess agreed, locking the door then following Syl into the bedroom.

They got onto the bed from different sides, their eyes locked and burning with lust, both women knee-walking on the bed, meeting in the middle.

With her hand gripping the back of Tess' hair tightly, Syl pulled Tess' mouth to hers, kissing Tess hard, her mouth almost gnawing as she drove her tongue deep into Tess' mouth. Pulling her lips from Tess', Syl bit down on the coed's bottom lip, hard, as if she were going to chew it off.

"Sometimes, I like it a little rough, that a problem?" Syl hissed, her lips hovering over Tess'.

"Not for me," Tess replied, undoing Syl's bra at the same time, throwing it to the floor of the bedroom with one hand, her other hand cupping Syl's breast, squeezing it hard, dropping her mouth onto the nipple and biting down upon it, drawing a gasp of pain/pleasure from Syl's lips.

Almost throwing Syl onto the bed with a push, Tess got on top of the woman, her hands and mouth busily attacking Syl's breasts, as Syl undid, then removed Tess' bra, tossing it to the floor to join hers.

"Harder, you can bite me harder," Syl commanded between gasps of pleasure as Tess bit and chewed on Syl's breasts, knowing that, in the morning, Syl will have major hickies on her tits. As she did as asked and increased the pressure of her bites to Syl's tits and nipples, Tess had her knee pushed hard against Syl's pussy, the juices sliming Tess' kneecap through Syl's silk panties as Syl humped her pussy against Tess' knee.

Sucking and biting on the older woman's breasts with a ferocity driven by the moment, Tess slipped her hand between their bodies, under the thin silk material of Syl's panties. Slipping two fingers into Syl's pussy, wet and slick with the woman's juices, Tess began finger-fucking Syl, each thrust of her fingers bringing small cries of acceptance from Syl's lips.

Pulling off Syl's panties, roughly, Tess had her mouth onto Syl's pussy quickly, noting how large the outer lips were, almost like butterfly wings, Tess thought as she took one into her mouth, between her teeth, pulling as if trying to rip it from Syl's body.

"OH.....MY......GOD....." Syl's voice screamed as Tess performed cunnilingus upon the woman, doing things with her mouth and tongue that Syl had never experienced in her forty-one years on this earth. Syl had been eating pussy and playing with females since she was a High School student, had been with women so many times that she long ago stopped counting. But, this one, this Tess person, was doing things with her mouth that Syl didn't know was possible, making Syl damned near crazy with lust and desire for more and more.

"Aaaaaaaaaahhhhhhh," Syl cried loudly when her orgasm rolled over her body, causing Syl to buck and thrust her hips against Tess' mouth so violently that the backboard of the bed banged the wall of the bedroom loudly.

Letting Syl's orgasmic shudders ebb, Tess continued licking and sucking Syl's pussy in post-climax play, but gently now, lovingly now, the complete opposite of her rough oral assault that brought Syl to orgasm in the first place.

"Up here...now...I have to have you, I need to taste you, now, please......" Syl's plaintive voice begged Tess as she pulled Tess from between her legs to lay on her back, Syl sliding her body on top of Tess' as she sucked on Tess' firm tits.

Driving her tongue deeply into Tess' mouth, Syl's hand was clamped on the young coed's breast, squeezing hard, her fingers pinching the thick, hard nipple, bringing a gasp of pain and pleasure to Tess' mouth, smothered by the older woman's own. Breaking the kiss, Syl slowly slid her body down Tess', sucking, licking and biting, leaving trails of redness and wetness, her hands pulling Tess' thong from the coed's gorgeous body.

Feeling Tess' heels on her back, trapping her between the coed's legs, Syl lowered her mouth to Tess' sweet-smelling cunt, moans of lustful contentment making Tess' pussy-lips vibrate in the woman's mouth.

"Mmmmmm, ooommmmmmm," Syl cooed, the sound muffled by her mouth locked onto Tess' pussy, the taste driving Syl into a feeding frenzy it would seem to anyone watching as the older ate the younger in that bedroom on that night.

Gripping Syl's head by her hair, Tess pulled and held the woman's mouth to her pussy as she humped against it, her hips moving fast with excitement of her building orgasm, now.

"MOTHER FUCKER!!!" Tess suddenly screamed when she exploded, her juices flooding Syl's mouth who happily, hungrily tried to suck them from Tess' snatch, both of them producing primal, animal sounds of satisfaction.

When Tess' body stopped quaking, Syl crawled to lay on top of Tess, kissing her gently, lovingly, which Tess returned, her hands frantically holding onto and rubbing the woman's body as they kissed each other for what seemed like hours.

Finally breaking their kiss to each other, Syl flopped off of Tess' body, rolling to lay next to her on the bed, the sheets damp with their sex sweat, their smell of sex permeating the bedroom of the suite.

As if their minds were linked, now, they held each other in post-sex embrace, each nibbling on the other with small bites, some soft, some hard, all producing pleasure for both women.

"Shower with me?" Syl asked as she slipped from Tess' arms to stand next to the bed, her legs still a bit shaky from their torrid lovemaking.

"Yes, just what I was thinking," Tess replied, finding her own legs a bit shaky as well when she stood, feeling a bit light-headed at the same time.

They took turns on their knees, pleasuring each other in the shower as the mulit-jets of hot water pulsed on their bodies. Pushing Syl against the water-slick glass wall of the shower, Tess sucked Syl's full breasts as her fingers fucked the woman's pussy furiously, lifting the woman to her tiptoes in enjoyment, bringing her to an orgasm so wrenching that she was almost sobbing with joy, lustful joy that Syl didn't want to end.

Standing next to the sex-wrecked bed, Tess put on her top and skirt, stuffing her bra and thong into her leather clutch catch-all bag, her eyes taking in Syl's sexy nakedness. Reaching and pulling Syl closer to her, Tess bent down and kissed Syl while her fingers pinched Syl's already red, hard nipples, producing a shudder and moan as the pain reached Syl's brain cells.

Red welts of teeth marks were all over Syl's torso, tits, and thighs, making Tess wonder how Syl would explain that to her husband. Oh well, Tess thought further, not my problem; Syl wanted to get fucked tonight and get fucked she did.

