 I was walking back to my dorm, having just finished a Bio midterm, and thinking about what my roommate Julie and I would do tonight. We smuggled some alcohol into our dorm room, and were intending on partying. I felt a wet spot form in my panties just thinking about it. 

Maybe I should backtrack a bit. My name is Cassie. I'm a freshman in college. Julie is my roommate and new best friend. Since the residence hall we live in is called Hartmann Hall, we've been dubbed "The Hartmann Hotties" by many of the guys in our dorm. I'm not one to brag, but the nickname is quite well deserved.

In high school, my friends used to tease me, calling me an 'asian J-Lo'. I couldn't be too mad at them, because it got me lots of attention from boys. Or perhaps it was my perky 32 B tits that got their attention. At least, that's what I'd like to believe. In reality, it was probably my ass that attracted the most attention. It was, and still is, huge! Up until my first boyfriend told me how much he liked my butt, I thought it was ugly. Now that I know how boys feel about my firm, round backside, I love my ass, and I flaunt it every chance I get. If having a ghetto booty wasn't enough, my tiny waist and flat tummy accentuated its hugeness, giving my 104 lbs. body some slamming curves. Thanks to my asian heritage, I had a very young looking face, slender, with straight black hair in a bob style that I'd grown fond of my senior year. My eyes were naturally brown, but I recently started wearing cosmetic contacts that made my eyes a piercing crimson hue.

Julie, I came to find out, was considered a goddess in her small hometown. She's about 5" taller than me at 5' 9", and very leggy. Her ass was nowhere the size of mine, but it still looked fantastic in a tight skirt or a pair of jeans, and, she tells me, is her favorite way of attracting attention. What she lacks in ass size, she makes up for in her boobs. Julie has the most magnificent pair of 34 D tits I've ever seen, real or fake. Hers are all natural, (Trust me.) and they provide her with a nice amount of cleavage even when she doesn't wear a bra. She, like me, had a flat tummy, but she had enough tone show that she worked out. Despite her centerfold looks, Julie's face is what I consider to be her most stunning feature. The has baby blue eyes that seem to look into the depths of your soul, and a perfect smile with lusciously full lips that makes boys, and even some girls, swoon over her. And to top it off, she has brilliant, wavy red hair that cascades down the sides of her face, down to just above her tits. I've found myself looking at her with a hint of jealousy more than once.

Julie and I met for the first time on move-in day. We quickly became friends, half because we had a lot in common, and half because neither of us knew anyone at school yet. By the end of our first week, we were inseparable. We shared everything with one another, clothes, stories about past boyfriends, and even a few more intimate details of our lives. Little did I know that we would soon share a lot more.

After a month, we had made enough friends and found the right connections to truly settle into the college life, and by that I mean putting off schoolwork and going to hot parties. So, we spent the last week of our first month at some strange house, downing drinks like they were water, and flirting with boys just long enough for them to pay for said drinks. By the end of the night, I was pretty drunk off of Long Island Iced teas, and Julie looked equally smashed. 

We staggered home since the party was only 3 blocks off campus, and I'm sure we were a sight. The red dress I wore had been stained beyond recovery from cheap beer someone accidentally spilled on me, and Julie's skirt and top were disheveled from many a guy trying to cop a feel when the opportunity arose. Our walk back was filled with drunken chatter. Julie couldn't stop talking about how hot she thought some of the guys at the party were, and what she let a few of them do to her when no one was looking. I mostly just gawked at her frankness and inquired about her boldness. I did, however, told her that it made me kind of hot when I had beer spilled on me, which caused my nipples to get hard and show through my dress.

When we got back to the room, we both started getting undressed. I unzipped my dress and let it slip down and pool around my feet. I unhooked my bra and flung it in the general direction of my hamper. As I watched it land in front of my hamper, my attention was drawn to Julie who was in the process of stripping off her shirt, revealing her ample chest to me. I couldn't help but be impressed by her firm tits, tipped with pale pink nipples. My eyes drifted down her body, taking in what I could only describe as pure sexiness. Her low cut g-string didn't leave much to imagine, but I'm sure that's the effect she wanted.

At that moment, I snapped back to reality and I realized that I was checking Julie out. I covered my chest with my arms, and I was made painfully aware of my hard nipples. I was also aware of the tingling I was feeling in my crotch. My mind briefly flashed back to our walk home and I reflected on the intimate details Julie imparted to me in a new light. I panicced.

"I'm gonna go get a shower and wash the beer off of me," I announced meekly. Julie looked over quizzically at me, as I grabbed a towel and scampered off to the bathroom.

My mind was racing as I stepped into the shower. I had never thought about another girl that way before. I certainly wasn't expecting to be turned on so much from it. As the hot water washed over my body, I tried to push the images of Julie's nearly naked body out of my mind, but they just kept returning, and making me even hornier in the process. 

A few moments later, I realized I couldn't fight it and I let my horniness and spiked blood alcohol level take over. I reached between my legs and started rubbing my clit. I felt an explosive release as my fingers worked diligently at my womanhood. I realized that I hadn't really paid attention to my physical needs much since I left for school. I had a "boyfriend" back at home, but we hadn't really made any plans to stay together when I left. As my mind drifted back to the last time I was with him, my other hand drifted to my breast, cupping it, and fondling my hard nipples. I relived that night, imagining it was his hand playing with my tits, and his cock invading my pussy as I rode him. I was in such a state of ecstasy that I didn't hear Julie come into the bathroom or poke her head behind the curtain.

"Wow," she said, "You're sexy." I snapped back to reality, and turned a bright shade of red, realizing that she had just caught me with my hand knuckle deep in my pussy. 

"Julie, what are you doing here," I exclaimed nervously. Julie stepped into the shower and seductively replied, "Joining you."

I could feel Julie's hands on my back as she started to kiss me. My nipples, already hard from my solo performance, pressed into Julie's tits as she pulled me to her. I melted into her and responded to her kisses with an urgency that took me by surprise. Her hand slowly traced a path down my tummy toward my vagina. "Julie, I....", my half-hearted protest" trailed off as her fingers found my clitoris. 

I couldn't believe how horny I was getting from all this. I let out a tiny moan of pleasure as her fingers probed my clit, producing waves of pleasure to ripple through my body.

Julie whispered into my ear, "You know, from the moment I met you, I knew I wanted to make love to you Cassie. You are so sexy." She was making me so hot, I began squealing with pleasure. Her one hand was fondling one of my nipples while the other was plunging into my pussy with two fingers.

I lost it and started screaming as one of the most intense orgasms I can remember rocked through my body. I collapsed to the floor as the world went hazy for a moment. My body tingled all over.

When I regained control of my senses, I was on my knees in the shower, looking up at Julie, who had started playing with herself, obviously in need of an orgasm herself. I noticed that she, like me, kept herself shaved. All the better for what I was about to do.

I had never tasted a girl before, besides my own juices that I tried once out of curiosity. I can't say it was bad, but I didn't see what all the big deal was about it. I gently removed Julie's hand from her pussy and replaced it with my tongue, licking all the way up her slit and circling around her clit. I opened my eyes wide in surprise. Julie tasted wonderful. Soon I was attacking her clit with my tongue, while Julie gasped and moaned in pleasure. As her moans reached a fevered pitch, I decided to bring my fingers into the action, I started pumping two fingers into her wet pussy.

That put Julie over the edge. Her body stiffened up as she orgasmed. I wasn't prepared for the wash of pussy juice that came with her orgasm. Her juices splashed all over my face and down my arm. It tasted wonderful and I tried to lick up all I could before the shower washed it away.

After we got dried off and dressed in our PJs, we sat up most of the night talking about, and having, sex. It turns out that Julie is bi. (I guess I am now too.) She doesn't have a steady boyfriend like I do, but has had a few men in her time. Way more that me, at least. I've only had sex with two guys, one of which is my current boyfriend. We ended the night naked in each others arms, agreeing that we'd even share our bodies with each other.

****

So as you can imagine, I was pretty worked up by the time I got back to the room. Luckily, I was greeted by the sight of Julie stripped naked and lying on the floor, masturbating with a big black dildo she bought a few weeks ago. It didn't take me long to throw my backpack onto our bed (we sleep naked together now), and strip down to my thong and bra to join her on the floor.

I immediately went to her pussy to lick up all the juices that were gushing from her slit. She put her toy aside to let me eat her out better. I gently nibbled on her clit, while giving it occasional flicks with my tongue. I always knew that this drove her wild because she would put her hands on the back of my head and push me into her crotch even more. She was so wet that it was easy to slide two fingers into her pussy while I assaulted her clit. Julie's body was writhing underneath me as I enjoyed her. 

When her moans started becoming screams, I knew she was close. My own pussy began to drip at the thought of Julie cumming all over my face. I'd come to know and adore the fact that Julie was a squirter. I've found that I get off on having her cum all over my face when I eat her out. Sometimes I'd ask her to masturbate over me so she'd get her juices all over my tummy and tits. I guess that shouldn't surprise me since I like it when my boyfriend shoots his load all over my tits or face too.

I decided to help Julie along a bit, so I slipped my fingers out of her pussy and slid them, glistening with her juices, into her ass. Julie liked anal almost as much as she liked regular sex, but she loves it most when she's getting eaten out like she was now. Julie shrieked with pleasure and a few seconds later I felt her stiffen up as a wash of her juices splashed all over my face. I lapped up what I could, and savored her taste.

Now incredibly horny, I reached between my own legs to rub myself, but before I could, Julie interjected, "Oh, no you don't! That's my job Cas." I smiled, expecting her to reposition herself under me so she could eat me out, but instead, she got up and walked over to her closet.

"What are you doing, Julie?" I inquired earnestly, "Are you just going to leave me here all super horny and everything?" Julie just gave me a sly smile as she reached for a purple bag on the top shelf. I knew that bag meant that Julie was out shopping for sex toys today, and I got anxious, wondering what she got. Julie disappeared into our bathroom.

"I got us a little something to celebrate the end of mid terms," she said. I couldn't see what she was doing but a second later she reappeared, wearing a giant black latex strap on. 

"Oh my god!" I cried in amazement. It was huge, probably about 10 inches long and 2 inches thick. 

"You like?" she asked as she moved closer to me.

"God Julie! Its so big! I don't think that will fit in me!" With a sly grin, she reached between my legs and got a finger full of my juices. 

"I think you'll be fine," she replied, as she licked her finger.

She was right. I was so wet, the head of her strap on went in easily. I let out a cry of pleasure as my pussy was slowly invaded by this massive cock. Julie started thrusting in and out of me, sinking more and more of her fake cock into me with each successive thrust. Having a cock buried in me made me realize how much I loved having a cock in me. It'd been several months since I'd seen my boyfriend, and dildos just aren't the same.

I was brought out of my thoughts by Julie grabbing firm hold of my hips and beginning to thrust into me hard. I have a tendency to squeak and squeal when I'm getting fucked, and this was no exception. With every thrust, another ripple of pleasure coursed through my body.

"Oh, god!! Fuck me hard, Julie!" I panted, "Fill me with your cock!" 

Julie increased her already violent thrusting as she repied, "C'mon lover. Cum on my big dick." With that my mind went blank as a huge orgasm washed over me, flooding all of my senses with a white hot wave of pure pleasure. I'm sure I was screaming, but I couldn't tell. Julie continued pounding my pussy, prolonging my orgasm for what seemed like an eternity. That was the last thing I remembered before I passed out.

To be continued...