 My name is Carol, I rob houses. I am not your conventional break in while they are gone robber, I prefer to do it while they are there sleeping. The proverbial cat burglar, so to speak. 

I had been keeping tabs on little Ms. Liana for about six months now. In watching her I noticed we shared one thing in common, we are both lesbians. In the six months I have watched her, four different women crossed her thresh-hold, not once a man. 

I learned from the local papers that she inherited billions from a distant Uncle, she must have left an impression in his heart. She was not rich when this happened so I could only imagine the riches in that mansion. Give poor people money and they are lost at first, overwhelmed, prime for the taking. Buying things they really don’t need just because they have the money. 

She wasn’t working but instead enjoying her newfound wealth. She was out at all hours of the night on the weekends, but time and time again, Monday she never went anywhere and the lights were always off by 11:00 PM. Obviously Monday was her day of recuperation, so here I sit, Monday night 9:30 PM. 

As I sat there and waited for her lights to go out, I had to admit to myself that I was attracted to her. She was what I wanted in a woman in more ways than one, which I had found out by watching her. She was cute, and petite, just like I like them. She had shoulder length brown hair, and her eyes looked blue from the close up pictures I had taken. She was about 5’2, approximately 120 lbs. Looks alone could not reel me in, cute women who turn me on are in abundance everywhere. What really got me with her was watching her arrive home one night with a woman. My women are slaves; I am the Master that’s how it is and if they don’t like it they are quickly shown the door. 

She arrived home that night around 2:00 AM and instead of pulling the car all the way up the driveway she parked just inside the gates. I watched her as she got out of the driver’s side and went around to the passenger’s side and opened the door. A very tall woman, about 5’9, stepped out. She had coal black hair, cut very short. She was impeccably dressed in a black pants suit. Liana on the other hand, and much to my surprise, was only wearing black thong bikinis, a black bra, black high heel shoes and a massive black collar around her neck. As the tall stranger got out of the car she attached a leash to Liana’s collar. 

In the six months I had been watching her I had never seen her dressed like this. With my high powered binoculars and them being so close I had a view fit for a Queen, and I instantly felt the flood of my pussy juices. 

The tall stranger pulled Liana down so hard by her leash that I thought she broke her neck for sure. She pulled her to the back of the car; Liana on her knees trying to keep up with tall strangers pace. I knew she was doing this to humiliate Liana, anyone could drive up, or come out of their house, and watch, just as I was doing now. 

Tall stranger slapped Liana hard across the face, and I even flinched. I will slap that ass, that clit, and them nips with more then just my hand, but never do I slap my slaves across the face, ever. 

She pulled Liana up by her leash, grabbed her hair and slammed her face down on the trunk of the car. Then she went to the car and brought back one of the biggest dildos I had ever seen. She slapped Liana’s ass with it so hard that even I heard it, and I heard Liana scream. Liana turned around and said something to her and tall stranger slapped her again across the face, only with the dildo this time. Liana jumped off the car and I had to hold myself back from interfering. They exchanged words that I couldn’t hear and tall stranger got in her car as Liana opened the gates for her. 

I wanted to run to her and comfort her and tell her that I could be the Master she was looking for, but given my situation, I couldn’t do that. Instead, I watched her walk up her driveway, probably more humiliated than she had ever been in her life. 

The lights stayed on a long time that night, I never saw tall stranger again, and I never saw Liana dressed like that again either. 

Lost in my thoughts of that night two months ago the lights went out at 10:30 PM. I waited until 11:30 before I made my way over the fence into her yard. I bypassed the security system and entered her house. 

I knew that if I cut the phone lines it would send a signal, and her “rent a cops” would show up “just to make sure” so I manually unplugged every phone line I could find. I crept up the stairs and did the same up there. Then I checked on the slave wanna be and found her sleeping sound. I was overcome with a feeling of wanting to take her right then and there and I had to back out of the room and go back downstairs. 

I was getting frustrated looking downstairs, no silver, no priceless pieces of art, no damn safe concealed. I had underestimated this woman, she was frugal, a tightwad so to speak. I only hoped I would find a safe upstairs or in the basement, and if I was lucky, find something in it. 

I was hungry so I decided to see what little miss tightwad had in the fridge. As I was bent into the fridge the overhead lights came on, I stood up and looked her right in the eyes. She was startled, I could tell by the look on her face, but she quickly bolted non-the less. 

I ran after her only to find her hitting what I assumed was 911 on a phone that was unplugged. With me approaching her she placed the phone to her ear only to realize it was dead. I was on her by the time she gave a feeble attempt at hitting me with the phone. I grabbed her arms and spun her around slamming her face down into the couch. I handcuffed her wrists behind her back and placed my hand over her mouth as she started to scream. I pinned her to the couch. 

“If you don’t shut up, I will hurt you, if you do shut up, I won’t, the choice is yours”

She nodded her head yes as if to say she would comply with my wishes. I released my hand and she started to scream, so again I placed my hand over her mouth and she bit me. I pulled my knife and placed it against her throat. She stopped screaming and I felt her body go limp with defeat. I could feel my pussy against her ass and I was getting wetter with each passing second. I whispered into her ear. 

“I am only here to rob you, I don’t want to hurt you but I will if you provoke me. I will bound and gag you if you keep resisting me, it is solely up to you, do you understand me?”

She again nodded her head yes and I released her from my now bleeding hand. I was not happy that she had drawn blood, I was not happy about that at all. There was blood on her lips and without even thinking I wiped it off. 

“Look what you did to me, you little bitch, have I hurt you in any way?”

She just sat there looking at me, never saying a word.

“Answer me, have I hurt you?”

Again she just sat there looking at me but not answering. 

I grabbed her by the hair and pulled her up off the couch. I dragged her across the living room and slammed her down into a dinning room chair. I put cuffs on her ankles and cuffed her to the chair just above the pieces of wood that would keep her from sliding the cuffs down the legs of the chair. I kept the cuffs on her wrists and attached new ones just above her elbows and attached them to the back of the chair. Then to make it complete I put a ball gag in her mouth; just to keep her quite while I searched the rest of the house. 

On my way out of the room I looked at her, damn she looked so good. I went back to her and slipped my hand in her silk panties, and to my amazement she was wet. I pulled my hand out and started playing with her wetness on my fingers as I looked at her and smiled.

“Correct me if I’m wrong, but you seem to be enjoying this.”

Obviously she couldn’t respond with the gag in her mouth. She dropped her eyes to the floor and I could tell that she was trying to figure out what was happening to her. These feelings she was having towards a complete stranger, and one who could possibly do harm to her, were confusing her. 

I wiped my fingers off on her tee shirt, smiled at her, and headed up stairs. Leaving her sit there bound and gagged, with her thoughts of humiliation.

I was in her bedroom, and still nothing to bring me riches. Don’t get me wrong, she did have some jewelry, but it was your average gold pieces that you could buy at any low-income department store. I was getting extremely frustrated at this point. All the months I had spent watching her, and nothing. I finally found her safe in the guest bedroom. I opened it and the only thing in there was paperwork that I could care less about. I was fuming with anger.

I went back to her room and collected up some toys that I had found in a drawer that should have been marked my toy drawer. I took nipple clamps with rubber on them that told me that her nipples were sensitive. A butt plug that was about 7’ long. A leather strap-on and three dildos to go with it. One a double, about 7’ for the ass and 8’ for her hot pussy. Two other’s which were single’s, about 8’ and maybe 10’.

I approached her with all these sex toys in my hands and her eyes widened with fear as she struggled against her restraints. I just laughed as I placed them on the dinning room table. I still had the basement to check, you just never know with a tightwad like this woman. 

I sat down on her lap facing her, and grabbed her hair pulling her head back. 

“I have found nothing of use to me in your house, except maybe you”.

She had her eyes closed and was not responding in any way, so I reached down and grabbed one of her nipples in my fingers and squeezed it hard. She let out a low sound and her eyes opened. 

“I am going down to your basement and if I don’t find anything of valuable down there, you are going to pay the price in full”.

I was still holding her head back by her hair and my lips and teeth found her neck. I licked and bit her neck. I grabbed her other nipple and squeezed it while I pulled it as far away from her body as it would go. I slid my hand down to her pussy and found that she was even wetter then she was before. I slid my finger up her slit until I found her clit and I gently started circling it. I heard a low moan escape her as I stood up. I left her sitting there in her wetness as I made my way to the basement. 

Although she had the ultimate party room down there, complete with pool table, pin ball machines, ping pong table, premium entertainment system, a wet bar of course, and even a small dance floor. Still there was nothing for my thieving hands.

Then I found another room, all locked up like Fort Knox. My heart was pounding as I picked my way through the locks. Finally, I was going to get something I could turn into cold hard cash. I opened the door to a B/D playground. There were whips of all sizes hanging on one wall. Dildos and butt plugs of all shapes and sizes. Leather and chain restraints everywhere. Torture contraptions filled the room. Tightwad she may be, but she spared no expense for this room. Instantly, my pussy filled with juices. I was going to take this woman. To hell with the money, I wanted to be her Master; she was everything I was looking for. If I played it right, I could have both.

I made my way back upstairs to her. She was drooling from her gag and sweat covered her as if she had been trying to relieve herself from her restraints. I laughed at her as I went to the kitchen to get the food that I was so rudely interrupted from getting in the first place. 

I feasted on some Lasagna; one of my favorites, as I sat there looking at her. The look in her eyes was one of pure anger, but the wet spot on her panties told me otherwise. I just kept chuckling that evil chuckle of mine, pissing her off even more. I finished my dinner and even took my dishes and put them in the sink.

I leaned down between her legs. Took her nipples into my fingers, pinched them as I ran my thumbs across them. I slowly ran my hands down her sides until I got to her panties, which I roughly pulled off of her down to her ankles. I slid my thumb across her slit stealing her wetness to her clit as my thumb moved in circles on her clit.

“Your wetness betrays you Liana. You must know that”

She thrashed against her restraints and gave me a screw you look as my mouth took her clit. I sucked on it softly, slowly flicking my tongue across it. Once in awhile biting down on it with my teeth. I felt her thighs start to shake so I sucked and licked on her pussy lips. I put my tongue just inside of her pussy, teasing her more. I slid my middle finger in her, just half way and started moving it slowly in and out while I licked her perfect, sweet rosebud of an ass. She was so wet and I was consumed in her sweet taste but I had other things in mind. I stopped and sat on her lap.

“I saw your room downstairs, as a matter of fact I have seen many things where you are concerned. I am going to take off your restraints and take you down to your room. As I told you before, I found nothing of use to me in your house so now you must pay that debt. Do not fight me, or you will pay greatly”

With that I undid her restraints, except for the handcuffs on her wrists. She stood up and I grabbed her hair and the cuffs.

“Don’t be stupid, and follow me”

I lead her to the basement where I took her to some chains that hanged down from the ceiling. I attached her handcuffs to them so that her arms where spread wide and her breast were thrusting out for me. I then attached her ankle cuffs to eyebolts into the floor so that she was spread eagle for me, and ready for my taking. 

“I am going to take your ball gag out cause I want to hear you, and I have noticed that you have sound proofed this room”

I removed her gag but I left the spit that she had drooled, just so she knew that I had complete control over her.

I went to her toy wall and removed a 7” butt plug and a riding crop. Never saying a word as I walked behind her. I moved my body into hers, pushing my pussy against her ass, my hands finding her nipples, pinching, pulling them, a slow moan leaving her lips. 

“I am going to take you tonight, I am going to make you mine”

With that I stepped away and brought the crop down on her ass. Ten times each cheek. To my amazement she counted each and every one, what a good slave slut she was going to be. I felt my juices dripping down my legs.

She was sopping wet so I took the butt plug and shoved it in her pussy to coat it in her wetness. Slowly I went in and out of her dripping pussy as she bucked her hips hard against it. I pulled it out slowly as my mouth once again took her clit. I sucked it and bit it until I knew she was going to cum, I shoved it back in her, then I stopped, she moaned a moan I have never heard before. 

“Please don’t stop, please”

I left that plug in her pussy as I put on a strap-on, 8”. I lubed it and put it right at her ass. She moaned. I shoved it into her with one stroke. Hard and fast, I took that ass. I fucked her hard and turned that vibrating plug in her pussy on high. She came like she has never came before and I am robbing her to this day.