 Our friends Melissa and Claire made it out to the Cape for the weekend and we had such a good time together. They've become like our sisters quite literally and it's so easy and comfortable to hang out, cook together, share quiet moments with and just have fun. Claire and I are sister soul mates though she's quite different from me. She has a very quiet and conservative side whereas I'm more outgoing and definitely not very conservative. However, we compliment each other. She's very fem and stunningly beautiful though she dresses to hide her figure so her shyness is a bit mousy. Every time we're together I'm the one getting her to wear make-up and unbuttoning a button or two on her blouse, and she's the one telling me I should leave more to the imagination by wearing longer skirts or not unbuttoning another button on my blouse or sundress for more cleavage. Hey, I'm not fantastically well endowed up top so I like to show off a little more skin. Anyway, Cate and Melissa are best buds from grade school and have all that history behind them and it's so fun to watch how Cate changes when Mel is around. Cate is by no means "butch" or "butchy", although she is most certainly less a "fem" than I am. Let's just say for arguments sake that Cate is the more dominant in our relationship.

Anyway, seeing Cate's personality color just a little bit more to the "butch" side when Melissa is around, tends to be a real turn on for me. Claire and I talked about this always happening when they visit, and Claire has been giving me these tips on being with a dominant "butch" and how I would act. Things like hanging on their arm when out, and being the "wife", deferring to them in conversations and the "kept gaze" as Claire calls it, which is when you spend a lot of time gazing over at your partner as though they're the only one and you're so happy it's you on their arm.

So, where's all this leading? Well, Sunday night our gay friends in P-Town were having a party and we decided to go rather than stay in on their last night. We had a fabulous time, and I really got into the "kept fem" act with Cate for a while and Claire and Mel met some old friends. We danced and had a little too much wine and all went back to our place very late. We said good night over a last glass of wine in the kitchen and Cate and I went upstairs to our bedroom.

"You were amazingly sexy tonight Nikki, what's up?" Cate asked me, "I thought I was with Claire once or twice."

"Well, I don't know Kay, but whenever I see you with Mel, you always seem to change a little "butch" you know, and Claire and I have been discussing it off and on and she's been telling me about being a "kept fem" you know." I said, "And, anyway I find it's a real turn on when I see you like that."

"Oh, really?" Cate smiled, "Why don't you get ready for bed sweetie and I'll use the bathroom down the hall."

With that she smiled and I could see a kind of wicked glint in her eyes as she turned and left the room. I was a bit tipsy and definitely excited by that look so I brushed my teeth and changed into my camisole and my boxers. I was just pulling up my bottoms when Cate stuck her head round the door. 

I looked up inquisitively, "Hey baby, aren't you coming in?" "What's up?" She was just smiling.

"Nothing's up sweetie, but why don't you wear that sexy little chemise you have?" She said very huskily.

"Ok, for you!" I whispered back at her, "You coming to bed now?"

"Not quite yet Nikki, you go ahead and I'll be back in two shakes." And she disappeared behind the door. I heard the creaking as she walked back down the hall.

I got my "sexy little chemise" just a simple silk slip with lace on the neckline and the hem, put it on and got on the bed with my wine. I actually fidgeted around trying to look sexy for when Cate returned. I lit the candles around the head of the bed and was sipping wine when Cate came through the door. I choked on the wine and would have burst out giggling if I hadn't been trying to get a breath. Something that we hadn't done in a long long time just came into the room.

Cate was completely nude except for a snug fitting leather harness and this dangling and swinging penis. OMG the strapon! My mind was racing and I actually found that I'd missed it. Cate was certainly "Butching" it up tonight. She's so beautiful anyway, and her hips swayed side to side as she walked up to the bedside, and her thing swayed and bobbed all the way. I cooed and made yummy sounds and caressed up and down my body.

She got to the bedside and commanded me onto my knees, "Get on your knees my sweet and suck me now!"

The only penis I've ever sucked has been the artificial kind, but I put a lot of loving into it anyway. I went down on my sexy "butch" Catie and she gently slipped her hands around my head and guided me up and down her wonderful penis. Like I said, we'd only done the strap on thing once or twice before. We share vibes and make love many other ways, and this was exciting me no end. As my mouth slipped up and down her shaft, Cate slipped her hands down over my shoulders and under to my breasts. Her fingers circled and fluttered over the fabric and slowly pressed more firmly over my breasts. Each time she'd flicker over my nipples and then cup my breasts, I'd moan long and hard. Finally, Cate guided me off her wet and shiny shaft and looked down into my eyes with a big grin.

"Tell me now sweetie that you want me to fuck you!" She rasped huskily.

"Oh Cate my love, please fuck me now!" I begged softly, "I want your cock inside me baby please!"

"Lie down then and come here!" She ordered.

I lay on my back across the bed and scooched my bottom to the edge and nearly slipped off. As we both laughed at that, Cate grabbed a pillow and we shoved it under my bottom. Cate hooked both my legs under the knees and moved up between them until I could feel the strap on bobbing against me. I was so wet and trembling with excitement. She just stood there and then she grabbed her cock and began slapping it on the top of my mound. Each time she did it sent thrilling shocks into my clit and I begged her even more to put it inside me. She reached for the lube on the nightstand, which I'd not even notice she put there, and put lots of it on her cock and on me. Just then she guided the tip up and down over my thoroughly moistened lips until with greater pressure she slipped the head inside them. Oh my god the feeling as she teased me, the pressure of her round cock head sliding up and down from my clit to my snug little opening. She rubbed up and down a few more times just to hear me keep begging for it, then I felt it, the pressure and then the sudden filling as it slipped inside me.

What a vision. It was so amazingly sexy to look down over my breasts, which by the way my fingers and hands had been paying close attention to, and to see my lover wearing a big pink rubber cock which she was thrusting into me. I must have been a vision as she only smiled down at me and hooked my legs again as she pressed her hips close between my legs. My gorgeous Butch Catie taking me was driving me wild as I began to lightly roll my clit under my fingers and moan.

I hadn't realized it but Cate had gotten me pushed further on the bed and climbed up after me when she pulled back from me. That fabulous thing between her legs swayed in the candlelight and glistened. She grabbed it firmly around the base and lay back on the bed, her head propped up on the pillows. Quickly I straddled her lap and reached down to guide her up inside me again. The feeling was amazing as I rocked and circled my hips moving her inside me and lifting and thrusting down on Caties beautiful cock. I knew this was it and and pressed back against it and rocked it inside me right on my special little spot.

My orgasm came with incredible suddenness as I leaned down and we kissed. I hadn't even touched her until that moment. When my orgasm began to subside, I rolled beside her and we continued to kiss. Cate rolled onto her side to face me and I felt her rubber cock plop on my thigh and I reached down and grabbed it, tugging it playfully.

"Take it off now baby." I said looking into her dreamy eyes.

Cate got up and unstrapped it and let it fall to the floor and then crawled up beside me again. We kissed and caressed each other and when my hand strayed down over her gorgeous flat tummy and between her legs, she opened them slightly. I cupped her warm lips under my fingers and felt how swollen and wet they were, and slipped two between them. Cate's pussy has always seemed like the silkiest and most deliciously slick of any I've ever felt and I wanted to please her so much at that moment. I slipped instantly down as she rolled onto her back and drew her knees up, and then between her legs. I spread my fingers and peeled her sweet flower. Using my middle finger I stroked up and down inside her lips, coming to rest over her clit which poked from it's petal like hood I pressed and made little circles with my finger. Cate's moans started with a little gasp then and I alternated between her clit and driving my finger deep inside her and curling up to her spot. As I felt her inside begin to wrinkle I leaned down and took her sweet clit into my mouth. My mouth open and my lips closed against her soft flesh I began to rub the silky soft underside of my tongue back and forth over her clit as my fingertip burnished her g-spot. I felt her fingers lace into my hair and hold me close against her clit as she began to moan louder and louder. Her sweet tangy taste, her musky smell and the sounds she made were my deepest joy, and as I felt her tummy begin to quiver, her beautiful pussy began it's sweet little gaping and wrinkling as her orgasm began.

We finally went to sleep in each other's arms after I slipped off my chemise, and awoke with that sweet clamminess of skin clinging to skin and breasts nestled together. We lay looking into the other's eyes for a long time and kissing the soft, slow and loving kisses of satisfied lovers on the morning after.

I smelled breakfast being made and told Cate that I'd bring her coffee in bed. She closed her eyes and kissed me a quick peck and said to hurry back.

I put on my cami and boxers and went downstairs to the kitchen. Claire was up and making breakfast. She had Canadian bacon and eggs and was making waffle batter when I walked in and straight to the coffee pot.

"Good morning sleepy head." She said smiling. And I instantly wondered, what's up?

"Where's Mel, is she up yet?" I asked, "By the way good morning to you to, MOM."

"No, she's still sleeping, had a bit too much last night and fell asleep as soon as we went to bed." 

"You seem fine, I was a bit tipsy last night and couldn't possibly think of fixing breakfast this morning." I said, pouring the second cup of coffee and adding cream and sugar to both.

"I'm great, drank lots of water and took my B-complex last night." "Kinda surprised to see you up so early though." And there was a devilish smile.

"Just what are you saying?" I quipped back with my hand on my thrown out hip.

"Let's just say that you weren't exactly quiet last night and although I didn't hear specifics, the sounds the floor was making spoke volumes."

I must have been beet red as I stammered, "Yeah well Catie definitely took me for a ride." "We didn't bother you did we... Gosh I'm really sorry if we did?"

"Oh lord no Nikki, hearing you guys made me smile, but I went out on the porch to read for a while anyway and when I finally went to bed all I heard was one of you snoring up there."

I grabbed our coffee and started out of the kitchen, "We'll be down soon." And I gave Claire a peck on the cheek.

"Take your time, Cate must be tired." Claire smiled sweetly.