 Author's Note: If you didn't read chapter one, you will probably be lost so please make the investment in time to learn the characters. Chapter two begins with Catherine, our heroine, having been discovered naked in the hallway of a hotel by the Dean of the Education department (Genevieve Beckett) at her college.

*****

"What do we have here?" Dean Beckett said in a condescending tone as if she was mocking me. I thought she knew exactly what we had there. When I didn't respond because I felt her question was rhetorical, she advanced on me and reached out taking both of my nipples between her fingers. "My what stiff nipples you have. Your teachers never reported that to me Catherine."

A normal person would have attempted to defend herself or at least cover her body. I did neither, partially out of fear but mostly because her attention on my sensitive buds felt so good. Finally I stammered a response, "Why would they?"

"You would be surprised, young Catherine," she said. It was so rare that I heard my formal name that it startled me a bit. "We are a liberal arts college promoting free thinking. The professors under my direction in the English department, are always on the lookout for a young girl I might enjoy."

Again I didn't respond, that is until she twisted my nipples and I moaned. She smiled when I didn't yell. I'm not sure that she expected that.

"You seem much more adventurous than you pretend at school," she stated for the record. When I didn't respond this time she dropped my nipples. I was disappointed. But it didn't last. Her left hand went to my neck and pushed me against the wall. Her right hand cupped my pussy. When I didn't resist, she pushed two fingers inside. Again she smiled.

"Did your boyfriend put you up to coming out here naked? Are you this wet for him?" She punctuated the question by starting to finger fuck me.

Between her hand on my neck and the pleasure of her fingers further south, it was tough to answer, but I managed a breathless, "No." I then added, "I don't have a boyfriend.

"Do you have a girlfriend?" she queried.

"No," I replied. "Well, I have a friend and she is a girl. That is why I am out here without clothes. But she is not my girlfriend."

"So she just told you to walk down the hall naked and you did it?"

Her fingers were magic in my pussy. Her thumb was also rubbing my clit. She seemed to know just what to do to excite me.

"No," I said, again breathlessly as I was focusing on what her magic hands were doing and the helpless feeling her hand on my throat brought me. "It's just a thing we do for excitement. She's probably in the room masturbating right now after walking down her before me."

Dean Beckett pulled her fingers out of my pussy eliciting a groan of frustration from me. She then held her fingers in front of my mouth. I didn't need to be told what she wanted me to do. It was the first time I tasted myself from someone else's fingers. I found it very erotic.

"So your friend, who is a girl but is not your girlfriend, masturbates after streaking. Does she do this often? Do you watch?"

She removed her fingers so I could answer, although she still held me by the neck. "Yes and yes."

"So are you two gay, bi, what's the story?"

"No," I replied quickly realizing that she hadn't asked a yes no question. "I mean, she wants to try being with a woman. I think that is why being naked in front of me and playing with herself is such a turn-on."

"And what about you?" she asked.

"I've never been with a woman," I confessed. "I'd never thought about it until recently. Actually, I guess I have done more than Di has since you caught me. I don't think she has had another woman finger her."

"Di?" she said quizzically. "Do you mean Diana the freshman? One of my talent scouts has been monitoring her."

Dean Beckett moved her hand back down and began rubbing my clit, although she didn't finger fuck me again. I think it was to reward me for being so forthcoming with information. My head was spinning because she had been monitoring Di. I was a little jealous that she had not been following me, but that quickly passed as her actions were causing an orgasm to build deep within me. I could feel my knees beginning to buckle and found myself being supported more by her hand on my throat. I was also moaning constantly.

"I enjoy playing with girls who understand their place and can follow instructions," she said again sounding condescending. "Can you follow orders, Catherine?"

I was on the edge. I just needed her to rub me a little longer so of course I answered affirmatively. I assumed that she would rub me harder and bring me off, but instead she stopped.

"You say that," she told me sternly. The look in her eyes reminded me of the Dean I knew at school. She then pushed two fingers back in my pussy, but she held them still. "But you will need to prove it before I give you the release you crave. Get down on your knees."

I felt her hand move away from my neck. It actually felt strange now that it was gone. She also took a step back to give me room. She didn't point and she didn't repeat her command. I paused for a moment. The fear of being caught had been exciting. But nothing compared to what I felt right then and I dropped to the floor in front of this beautiful and powerful woman. In my soul I felt a weight lift off me as I knelt in front of her. She had promised me nothing but given me everything. 

I watched as she removed a long silk scarf she had wrapped around her neck. I had read about bondage and assumed she was going to tie my wrists. Instead I observed as she tied the end into a slipknot and then positioned it over my head and tightened it against my throat. It was soft and I could have easily torn it off. But the symbolism was real and I understood the silent conversation.

"Crawl behind me," was her simple, direct command. After that, she started walking slowly down the hall. I did as she ordered. Her pace was easy to keep up with. The humiliation of being exposed in this manner was overwhelming. Being naked was one thing. Being leashed and crawling behind another woman was another. She asked me which room was mine and if I had the key card. I told her and she took the card. We stopped in front of the door.

"Di will want this. You need this. There is a difference."

I watched as she slid the key card through the lock. She then pushed the door open and tugged the scarf beckoning me to follow. I didn't know if I was more embarrassed to enter the room on my hands and knees or whether Di would be since, of course, she was lying on the bed playing with herself.

"I found this slut by the vending machines," the Dean announced. "She tells me you are hot to have your first lesbian experience. By the way, she beat you to it." Di looked up and stopped rubbing herself. 

"Don't stop on our account," the Dean told her although she didn't resume.

"After you bring yourself off, kneel on the floor with your legs spread and your hands behind your back. We will come back for you in a little while."

She walked past me and tugged on the scarf. I didn't say a word to Di, but her fingers were moving again. Back into the hallway we went.

"That girl is about to have the best orgasm she ever has in her life thinking about what it would be like to change places with you," the Dean said confidently. "But yours will be better."

I felt compelled to follow her the rest of the way down the hall. Her room was past the stairs at the end of the hall. It was a suite that spanned the width of the hotel. She led me inside and the to the front of the couch. She told me to kneel in the same way she had instructed Di. I had to remember back to what she had said. I wasn't really focusing on Di at that moment, but finally it came to me. Kneel, legs spread, arms behind back and then I through in eyes cast downward. It just seemed right. As soon as I got into position, the Dean told me she would be right back and walked into the bedroom. I took a quick look, but I couldn't see her so I lowered my eyes again. I heard her phone ring and she talked to someone briefly, but I couldn't make out any of the conversation. She returned after about two minutes holding several items. 

She sat down on the couch in front of me. I wondered if this would be my initiation to eating a pussy. I'd only had it done to me a couple of times (my boyfriends have been lame in that regard) so I really didn't have a good frame of reference as to what she might enjoy. But instead she told me to hold out my hands. When I did she took my left wrist in her hand and deftly buckled a leather cuff around it.

"I plan on having you stay for a while tonight so we'll use leather. It's more comfortable," she told me. I didn't understand so I just nodded. Then she told me to pull my hair back away from my neck. When I did, she wrapped a collar around my neck. "I don't know how much you know about BDSM, but don't read much into me putting a collar on you. This is just for play in case I need to put a leash on you again. If I decide to clamp your nipples, I can use the collar's ring to hold the chain as well." Again I really didn't understand so I just nodded a second time. She had me put my arms behind my back again and clipped the cuffs together immobilizing me. Finally she put a leather blindfold over my eyes. As I was plunged into darkness and for the first time, I really wondered what I was doing here. It had been about fifteen minutes since I'd slipped off my bra and panties because Di had told him. Since then a stranger (I did know who she was but I had never really talked to her) finger fuck me, walk me like a dog down the hallway, called me a slut in front of my friend and then went to her room where she collared, cuffed and blindfolded me. Any sane person would have gone screaming down the hall. I felt like I would cum if she would just touch my clit again and my nipples ached for her touch.

"I need to change. A friend of mine is due to arrive soon. I want you to remain in this position until she knocks and then open the door for her."

Another wave of humiliation at being seen like this by another stranger flowed over my body. But then a follow up bit of rationality. "With my eyes blindfolded, how will I find the door?" I asked. I didn't think that was an unreasonable question. Apparently the Dean agreed because I felt her grip the collar and pull me upward. The tug of the collar then guided me back in the direction of the door. She spun me around and commanded me to kneel again. I could feel the door with my feet. The only thing different this time was she put her foot between my legs and kept kicking (softly) my thighs until my legs were spread at the appropriate angle to please her. I then heard her walk away and the door to the bedroom close.

Time stood still as I knelt bound and naked next to the door waiting for another stranger to join us. My mind was reeling, but my soul seemed at rest. Then there was a knock at the door. Instantly my heart started pounding like it was going to burst through my chest. I don't remember ever being so nervous and that includes the first time I walked outside of my room naked. I stood up and leaned against the door trying to find the knob with my bound hands. It was a challenge, but I succeeded.

I didn't know what to expect. I know I didn't expect a very soft feminine voice to say, "Wow. You are even more beautiful than Mistress described. "Did she really just find you naked by the ice machine?"

"Yes," I answered. "About 20 minutes ago by now. Did you say Mistress?"

"Yes," she replied. "Genevieve is my Mistress. I am her sub."

I had never heard Dean Beckett's first name. It seemed very formal, but it suited her.

"Mistress Viv," the woman began, but then she stopped when I tilted my head in confusion. "Sorry, most of the time she goes by Viv to be less formal. Until she tells you what to call her, I would recommend you just say Dean Beckett."

That I could understand. I nodded.

"I have seen you before. We have even talked, although I doubt you will remember me by the sound of my voice. My name is Jillian, but Mistress usually call me Sub Jules, slut, whore, fucktoy, cunt licker or anything else she can think up on the fly to demean me."

I tried to think of where I would have met a woman named Jillian, but I drew a blank. She sounded older than me, but definitely younger than Dean Beckett. I didn't think she was a student. That meant she was either a grad-student (Had she taught a class I took?) or some kind of administrative person. That had me perplexed as I stressed to figure out who she was and how she had become the Dean's submissive.

I felt her tugging my collar and leading me back toward the living room area. I assumed I was in front of the couch again when she told me Mistress would be upset if I wasn't on my knees when she returned. I probably didn't look very graceful as I got back down on the floor, but I remembered to spread my legs the appropriate distance. 

"Oh my God," Jillian exclaimed. "Aren't you the cutest thing kneeling like that? And those nipples. Mistress Viv loves big hard nipples. I hope you enjoy nipple play because she is going to play with those for hours."

I blushed at hearing her describe me that way. Then I heard the bedroom door open. "Mistress, you look amazing," I heard Jillian exclaim. "Thank you slave," I heard Dean Beckett reply. She sounded sterner like I remembered when she would address the students of her department.

"How do you like my new pet? I always am a sucker for a stray," she asked Jillian.

"She's adorable," was the reply. Again I felt my face blush. "Is she really a virgin?"

I may not have been with a lot of guys, but I was hardly a virgin.

"Yes," replied the Dean. "This is her first time tied and apart from a couple minutes with my fingers inside of her, she is a lez virgin. She's been thinking about it, though. It was easy to pick her up. She followed me easily."

I sensed as they talked about me that I was to remain silent unless directly addressed. Jillian was the next to speak.

"May I ask a favor, Mistress?"

Dean Beckett must have nodded yes because she didn't speak and Jillian continued.

"It's just... I know how much you like nipples. Can I suck on hers for you and make sure they are as big and hard as they can be?"

Now Dean Beckett replied. "I like that you pretended to make that about me. Catherine, if I take you in to my family of happy subs, you must learn that everything is for the benefit of your Mistress. Slave Jillian, I need you for a special task, but for the next two minutes, you may suck her nipples. One minute each. You are also authorized to touch her pussy, but no fingering and don't make her cum."

The sound Jillian made could only be described as a squeal of delight. Moments later I felt her lips close around my left nipple and then three fingers begin to rub my pussy. I made my own squeal of delight at the sensations immediately firing the nerve endings in my pleasure center.

I didn't attempt to count to figure out if she went too long. Approximately half way through she did switch to my right nipple and instead of rubbing my labia she switched to a direct assault on my clit. This brought a throaty moan from my mouth. Fifteen or twenty seconds later, she stopped rubbing me, although she continued to suck on my grateful nipple. I knew her pleasing me was nearing an end. She had me worked up well, but as instructed, she stopped rubbing my clit before I could build to a climax. I both hated her for not getting me off and respected her ability to follow orders from her Mistress.

"What now Mistress," Jillian inquired.

"Here is her room key," the Dean responded. "It's just up the hall. There you will find her friend kneeling on the floor in a position similar to Catherine. Take another set of cuffs, a collar, a leash and a blindfold from my bag in the bedroom. Bring me a leash as well for Catherine. Then go to her room and bind her friend. Her name is Di. She has been dreaming of licking pussy, so once your have her bound and blindfolded, you may take off your dress and have her service you. Bring her back here in twenty minutes."

"Yes Mistress. Right away Mistress," was Jillian's reply.

"As for you, little girl," the Dean addressed me. "You will now begin to learn how to properly pleasure a superior woman. You will also call me Miss Viv. By the end of the weekend, we will determine if you are worthy to call me Mistress."

I heard the door open and close simultaneously to feeling Viv's hand on the back of my head. She pulled me forward. I rocked forward on my knees so my body was now at a 45-degree angle and my head was brought between her legs. It was not a comfortable position, but I instinctively knew my comfort was not first on her priority list.

"Stick out your tongue, pussy slut," she commanded. I obeyed.

"Just hold it steady for now," she continued. I felt the first soft, wet, folds of her pussy touch my tongue. She began to slowly undulate her hips raising, lowering and rotating her pussy around my tongue, but never forcing herself against me.

"There are times when your Mistress will need a soft touch, young one. Just a gentle nibble and nothing firm. You know how sensitive you get after you cum. Just soft licks or kisses to bring your Mistress down gently."

I didn't know how to respond so I just tried to nod my head. Since she was holding it, I am not sure if she noticed.

"Then there are other times when she will want you to get in firmly and tongue fuck her."

I don't know how to describe what she did next except to say that she pulled my head forcefully against her pussy and ground it against my mouth. I couldn't see what she was doing, but it seemed like she was thrusting her hips slamming her pussy against me in a fucking motion. I couldn't really do anything but kneel there and take it.

Miss Viv kept up her assault on my face for maybe 30 seconds. Then she stopped and let go of my head. I rocked up into a straight kneeling position in order to keep my balance. I could feel her wetness on my face and her womanly aroma was plastered to my nose. My previous lack of desire to be with a woman seemed silly now as all I could think about was getting another opportunity to lick her pussy. Fortunately I wouldn't have long to wait. I sensed Miss Viv standing up in front of me.

"Jillian will be very punctual in retrieving Di," she told me with a matter of fact tone. "I will stand in front of you and you have until she returns to make me cum. If you succeed, tonight will go pretty easy on you with mostly pleasure. If you fail, you will be punished and I may just edge you for a few hours to amuse myself. Do you know what edging means?"

"No, Miss Viv," I replied. My head up cocked upward as if I was looking at her, although the blindfold prevented that. Still I figured it was a sign of respect as if I could make eye contact.

"Edging is where I play your body like an instrument and bring you to the edge of orgasm without letting you cum. I can do that for as long as I am amused with you. At first you will like it, but it quickly becomes torture as I bring you to the brink and then down over and over again. I am also inclined to spank you whether you get me off or not just because I enjoy it. But if I mix it with edging, I will drive you insane."

I thought about what she was saying and it kind of sounded exciting. I'd always viewed getting myself off as something to be done quickly after my boyfriend came too soon to satisfy me. Since I started streaking I had been masturbating more and I took my time a bit more, but it soundly like she was saying she would take a long time.

"How long do you stay amused?" I asked her.

"How long do you have?" she replied.
