 Author's Note: Chapter three follows Cat as she learns the joys of lesbian submission. As usual, if you have not read the previous chapters, you might want to start at the beginning.



To my joy, Dean Beckett emerged from the bedroom looking refreshed, although still stern and imposing. To say that excited me would be an understatement. She scanned the room, apparently looking for Di.

"Did she flake out?" she asked.

"Yes, Mistress," replied Jillian. "I'm kind of surprised. She was kneeling in her room just like you predicted and she didn't resist when I told her to eat my pussy. I guess there was something she didn't like in how I described how I served you. Maybe it was that we both served Robert. Maybe she is less straight than we thought."

"That's a pitty. I would have enjoyed having two new subs to break in," the Dean opined. "How about you, Cathrine? You didn't get scared off. Are you ready to learn more about being my submissive?"

I didn't hesitate. "Yes I am, Mistress."

Dean Beckett corrected me immediately. "I am not your Mistress yet. You have to earn that privilege and you need to learn more about the commitment you will be making before you can give yourself to me. You may call me Mam for now. You may call Jillian, Miss. She is already my sub, but she will be alpha to you. Obey her and show her the same respect you would show me."

"Yes Mam," I quickly replied trying to show I was serious.

"Very well," Viv began. "Catherine bring the desk chair to the center of the room. Jillian, unhook her cuffs and get some rope from the bedroom."

I noticed Jillian chose to do the second part of her task first meaning I had to grab the chair with my wrists still cuffed behind my back. It made it more of a challenge to move the chair, but I was able to do it without delay. I positioned it facing the couch, although I was not specifically ordered to do so. By the time I was done, Jillian had returned. She unclipped the cuffs. I took the opportunity to stretch my arms out. I didn't know how long of a respite I would have so I wanted to take advantage of any free time I received.

Mam told me to sit in the chair. She didn't need to instruct Jillian what to do, so either they had talked about this secretly or she already knew what her Mistress wanted when using a chair. Jillian knelt down and went to work tying the D-rings of the cuffs to the arms of the chair. It wasn't uncomfortable, but I wasn't going to get free on my own either. She had the skill of someone who had tied knots before. After my arms were secured, she made quick work of securing my ankles to the chair legs. This had the affect of spreading my legs and opening my pussy to their lustful stares.

"May I have a quick taste, Mistress?" Jillian asked. Receiving an affirmative response, Jillian pushed her head between my thighs and gave me several licks along my slit.

"She is delicious, Mistress. And oh so wet already," Jillian tattled on my arousal.

"Catherine, I am going to give you a demonstration using Jillian on some of the things I enjoy doing to a sub. Basically I am going to let you watch, since I know you enjoy that, our playtime I had planned before I found you waiting to be captured. Then I will send you back to your room. If you want to become my sub, you will report to my house at 2pm tomorrow to begin your formal training."

"Mam," I replied trying to sound respectful. "What happens if I am ready to become your sub right after your demonstration?"

"I prefer that you sleep on that decision. In the heat of passion it is very easy to do things you later regret, like walking down a hotel hallway naked, for example. It will do neither of us any good for you to freak out like Di. I will demand your complete commitment if we continue so therefore I require you to have at least 12 hours to think about it."

"I understand, Mam," I replied. Viv sat down on the couch and told Jillian to lie across her lap.

"Spanking and other forms of impact play are very important in establishing a clear delineation of social rank in a group such as ours. You will begin at the bottom and therefore everybody is allowed to spank you. Jillian is one rank above you having been the last to join the group. She is allowed to spank you at her discretion. At times, I may command you or her to spank another group member, but that will always be my choice as they are all under me, except Richard."

I nodded although I was not entirely clear on the subject. I figured I would learn as we went along. Viv then told Jillian to count her strokes. She then began with a firm swat of Jillian's right butt cheek. The sound reverberated in the small room and Jillian, after a brief yelp, said, "One."

I wasn't sure if Jillian was being punished for a specific action, like letting Di leave for example, or was being spanked just because the Dean wanted to do it. One thing for sure was Jillian seemed to be enjoying it. Her little yelps of pain seemed to morph into a subtle cooing of pleasure by the time the count turned 10. By 20, I could see her squirming on Viv's lap trying to grind her clit into her Mistress' knee. Of course had I not been bound, I would have been rubbing my own clit as their display of dominance and submission was working me into a frenzy. In the end, Jillian received 40 spanks, 20 on each cheek. She looked flustered and desperate to cum, but Viv had not touched her pussy and as she stood up, Jillian chose not to do that either. Viv had her turn around and show me her fire red ass. It looked beautiful to me. She then had Jillian turn so her pussy was just inches in front of my face. Her labia were puffy and her clit was engorged. Her arousal scent was strong and floated in the air. I could see her wetness coating her inner thigh.

"You could not make me cum," the Dean reminded me. "But it would not take much skill or effort to bring Jillian off. Do you want to try again?"

"Of course, Mistre... I mean Mam. Please give me another chance," I pleaded.

Again, this must have been planned or a regular occurrence because Jillian didn't need further instruction or permission. She put her right foot on the chair just off my left side. It would have been easier if I was free and she was sitting or lying down, but bound as I was, if she wanted to cum, she had to straddle me awkwardly and bring her pussy close to me. Fortunately for both of us, she had good balance.

Jillian definitely tasted differently than Viv. Not better or worse, just different. She also seemed more determined to climax. Viv had told me she had held back her orgasm to test my resolve. Jillian did not. I suppose being allowed to cum was a reward for her and therefore she was not going to risk being told to stop. She leaned forward as best our awkward position would allow and pulled my mouth against her slit. I did my best to lick and suck her pussy while she did her best to hump my face. Out of the corner of my eye I noticed the Dean taking pictures. I could only hope they were just for her consumption.

The Dean called out, "two minutes." I wasn't sure what that meant. I could guess, but Jillian definitely understood. She pulled my mouth tighter against her pussy and began to ride me more forcefully. I am surprised she didn't knock us over. Fortunately for her, and in a strange way for me, she was able to reach her zenith about a minute and a half later. She didn't squirt like Viv had done, but I felt a sense of pride that I had been more involved. I couldn't be sure if it was her grinding on my face or the actions of my tongue that got her off, but at least I was an active participant. At that point of the night, that was good enough for me. Jillian's orgasm was a different sensation for me compared to Viv's squirting explosion on my face. Jillian's was much more intimate to me. Certainly the contact of her sweet pussy on my lips played a major role in that, but it was also because I helped her climax as opposed to Viv riding the g-spot Hitachi. I think I was also overwhelmed by Viv's squirt. I certainly had not expected it and I seemed dispatched from the outcome. I mused that now I needed to get another crack at Viv in the traditional orgasmic sense and bring her off just with my mouth. But that opportunity would not happen just yet.

What did happen was Viv was ready for action again. She sat down on the couch and spread her legs. Jillian was still recovering from her orgasm and had ended up slumped to the floor. Viv lazily rubbed her pussy, not so much for stimulation, but to torment me. I say this because she verbally teased and mocked me asking if I wanted another chance to make her cum (I pleaded for that) and whether I thought I had learned enough to please her (I promised that I did although I was skeptical). She also teased me that I had to prove myself to her before I could receive such a special privilege as to lick her pussy or even touch her and that my own pleasure was contingent on learning to please others first. Needless to say she was driving me wild. My inability to move and touch my own pussy as well as her hypnotic voice simultaneously building me up and cutting me down left me panting in need. Fortunately for Viv (and unfortunately for me) Jillian had recovered enough by now to crawl between her Mistress' legs and begin to service her properly.

Viv's banter now transitioned into taunting me to watch how Jillian ate her and to "Learn to be a worthwhile slut" and to "Prepare yourself emotionally to spend long hours on your knees." My level of arousal was amazing. Nobody was touching me yet I felt a huge orgasm building. It wasn't that I expected to climax just from watching, but I felt an awakening stronger than I had felt with any of the boys I had fucked. This new stimulus of submitting to Viv (and my extension Richard, Jillian and whomever they directed) was fiercer than any I had felt before. I was losing emotional control, something that had never happened with my other partners, as I was drawn into their web. I would have done anything they asked of me, right then, and I would have climaxed if Viv or Jillian had so much has touched my clit.

But as you probably guessed, they didn't. Viv obviously was content to just keep me in sexual distress. She knew that with every minute she held me back, I fell deeper under her spell. Watching Jillian pleasure her and not being able to do so myself was pure erotic torture. I sat in the chair, my gaze fixated on every act Jillian took to please Viv. Each action and their corresponding reaction from Viv was burned into my subconscious waiting to be used again if I ever got the chance.

When Viv climaxed again about 20 minutes later, I memorized every minute detail of her expression and trembling body. Her beauty seared into my memory and left a lasting desire to bring her that pleasure myself. She was gorgeous, of course, but her raw sexuality at that moment of unguarded pleasure was the most beautiful thing I had ever seen. She had let down the wall protecting her emotions and in a moment of passion shown me what true desire looked like. My own pussy was a sloppy mess just from watching Jillian pleasure Viv. I knew it was a moment I would never forget.

Jillian rolled over from between Viv's legs as her Mistress finally began to come down from her climax. Jillian had a look of pride on her face. She didn't say anything, but I could tell she was sending me the message, "That's how it's done and don't even think you are going to replace me." I didn't want to replace Jillian. I just wanted to learn how she brought Viv so much pleasure so I could repeat her performance. I remember thinking Jillian might see me as a rival so I had better learn how to please her as well. Suddenly the thought of being at the bottom of the pecking order sounded like a good idea because that meant Jillian could order me to pleasure her as well. All of these thoughts, as well as many nasty ones about what they would do to me, were coursing through my brain, although I said nothing. I just sat in the chair (as if I had a choice) and simmered in my own juices waiting for them to do something to me. Alas Jillian got her reward for being such a good slave and as the student, I was forced to watch again. This time I didn't learn much except that being on Viv's good side had its benefits and if I thought I had been aroused before, I didn't know what my body was capable of experiencing yet. It started with a simple command from Viv to Jillian.

"Slave, go get the harness."

Now I may be a neophyte when it comes to the mechanics of lesbian sex, but I knew what toy Viv wanted. I would have gladly bent over at her direction so she could use her strap-on to fuck me, but I was well aware that wasn't going to happen. Jillian hurried to the bedroom. Viv told me this was a reward for her. When Jillian returned Viv stood up and Jillian dropped to her knees in front of her to help her put on her weapon. I remembered how Jillian told Di and I that this fake cock was molded on Richard's real one but was slightly smaller because he didn't want Viv packing more meat than he did. During my education this evening I had forgotten that Viv served a Dom and that if I wanted to be her sub, I would serve him too. I felt my mouth watering as the phallus dangled from her groin. It looked huge, well bigger than I had ever had at least, and she looked even sexier than before, if that was possible. She commanded Jillian to open her mouth.

I didn't understand why Jillian had to give her a blowjob first. I mean, Viv wouldn't feel it and I doubted Jillian needed to lube up the fake cock since her pussy was likely as wet as mine. But there she was bobbing her mouth up and down as if it was real. I suppose the act was a demonstration of her submission as some women will not suck a cock at all and Jillian was displaying that Viv was in such complete control that she was willing to go down on a piece of plastic.

Viv didn't make Jillian suck her off for long. She knew Jillian craved being on the receiving end and I was desperate to see that myself. I guess I had a lot to learn about how Viv's mind works because when she told Jillian to "Assume the position," I did not predict that meant bending over facing me and using the back of my chair to balance herself. If you are playing at home that meant her face was right in front of mine and filled my field of vision. I could tell the moment she was penetrated by the look on her face as well as the moan from her lips. I wanted to see Viv's cock pummeling Jillian's pussy so I could dream of her fucking me the same way. Instead I was forced to learn every minuscule expression of pleasure and pain as Viv powerfully fucked her and also repeated her spanking. This time Viv didn't make her count. That was apparently reserved for punishment while this spanking was a reward. I didn't understand the nuance, but Jillian clearly did as she was soon lost in the pleasure given to her by her Mistress.

At some point she kissed me. It wasn't a friendly, sisterly kiss either. It was a full on passionate, make your knees weak if you were not already bound in a chair kiss. I'm not sure that Viv approved, or maybe this was how she showed she did, but she gave Jillian a single, brutally hard thrust and slammed our heads together. She then pulled her cock back so just the tip was inside of her slave. At least that was my perception.

"You do the work for a while, you literary whore," she shouted at Jillian. Jillian rocked back taking her lips out of kissing position and sliding her cunt back down on Viv's shaft. There is that word again. The one I don't like. But it is appropriate here as Jillian began to rut on her Mistress' fake cock. Her face told the story and it was burned into my subconscious just as fully as Viv's orgasm as she transformed from just a woman into a sexual being hell-bent on her own gratification as she fucked herself repeatedly on the fake cock. There was no love on display. The affection both women had shown each other earlier was gone, replaced by the animalistic need for sexual release.

Viv would soon dismiss me, but I got to watch them finish. Jillian rode the cock and scorched my memory for several additional minutes before exploding in climax. She ended up laying on the floor quivering as her orgasm consumed her. Viv pushed the strap-on into my mouth so I could taste Jillian again and to clean it (subs are responsible for cleaning the toys I learned) and then unhooked it. I watched as she walked back into the bedroom while Jillian was basically passed out on the floor in front of me. 

Viv returned a few minutes later and unbound me. She left the cuffs and collar on leading me to speculate our night was not over, but it was. She handed me my door card and a business card. "2pm tomorrow ready to serve or never again," she said. I was ready to pledge myself to her at that moment, but as we had discussed earlier, she wanted to give me 12 hours to think before making that decision. One thing she didn't want to give me were any clothes for my return trip to my room. Frankly I didn't want her to give me any. I had come to her naked, more accurately captured by her naked, and I wanted to leave her naked. I felt no shame, humiliation or fear as I walked down the hallway. I didn't care if someone saw me. There was nothing they could do to me if they did. Dean Beckett had captured my mind as well as my body. My only concern was how Di would react when I walked back into the room.

Even though Di had made the choice to leave Viv's room on her own, I still expected her to be pissed off at me. I guess I should have been thankful she wasn't in our room. I did wonder, briefly, where she had gone, but then I realized she was probably at the club. Either that or she had gone back to campus. If that was the case I figured I could get a ride from Jillian or Viv back to campus in the morning. I was emotionally exhausted so I climbed into bed. I left the cuffs and collar on. They just felt right to me and I wanted to sleep in them. I took a couple deep breaths in a vane effort to relax. As you probably guessed, I didn't have the ability to relax without touching my pussy and finally giving my body what it had craved for the last several hours. One finger induced orgasm thinking about Viv and Jillian was not enough to quench my fire. Actually I was building to number three when the door opened and Di returned. I didn't bother pulling my cover over me to pretend she had not busted me. We both had seen each other masturbate and I was too far gone to care if she watched. Had I know she wasn't alone I might have changed my mind about that, but having her walk in triggered release three and I couldn't stop if I tried.

After I began to calm down and could focus back on reality, I realized the woman Di had brought back, presumably from the club, was a much older woman. She was probably in her mid-50s. She looked pretty good for her age, but she was more matronly than sexy. She also seemed confused why I was there. Di was the first to speak.

"This is the friend I told you about. What happened Cat? Did Dean Beckett throw you out?"

"No, they were just done with me for tonight. I'm going to see her again tomorrow," I replied. The woman then chimed in.

"I don't care if she is here, but you still promised to eat my pussy before I break your cherry."

I realized that Di had picked this woman up with the promise of sexual favors. She must have gone with the lez virgin route even though Jillian technically took care of that earlier. Or maybe she didn't. Are you still a lesbian virgin if another woman has not made you cum yet? The woman then looked at me.

"Your friend promised to make me cum in exchange for taking her cherry. We obviously interrupted you. You can watch and if you want to masturbate I don't mind. But she is mine until she gets me off."
