 Life had not been going to well for Cathy Wilmot; the twenty-five year old had been looking forward to a great year. First there had been her new job and then there had been Mark, her fiancée and their upcoming marriage. 

Then suddenly in mid April things had started to go wrong, she’d lost her job, the company was downsizing, to cope with the current downward trends in the market and increased competition. At least that had been the excuse of the personnel department and so the last in was the first out. As if that wasn’t bad enough, fate had given her another kick in the crotch, three weeks before she was to walk down the aisle Mark had confessed to having an affair. She may have considered forgiving him, but Mark wanted to continue seeing this other woman. He said he’d still Marry Cathy because he new she was looking forward to it, but she must realise he wasn’t a one-woman man. 

Cathy had stood in shocked silence as he had explained the situation, when he finished she’d stood there for a further second, then in anger thrown the ring at him, calling him a bastard and telling him to drop dead, and further more that she wouldn’t marry him if he begged.

Back at her flat she’d cried for two days before slowly trying to pull herself together. The following week was spent phoning family and friends, sending back wedding presents and feeling miserable. Then the week before the wedding Mark had phoned, could he have the tickets for the honeymoon, “after all,” he’d said “We can’t get the money back and so Jill and I thought we’d use them”

“Got to hell,” Cathy had replied, slamming the phone done before bursting once more into tears.

The day of the cancelled wedding dawned bright and sunny, Cathy stood before her bedroom mirror and looked at herself.

“Enough of this self pity,” she said looking at her red rimmed and swollen eyes.

Standing naked before the mirror she allowed her eyes to travel down her naked body, she stood about 5 foot 5, long black hair and brown eyes, firm breasts capped with large nipples, slim waist, a neatly trimmed patch of pubic hair nestled between tanned thighs.

Reaching up she cupped her breasts feeling the nipples respond to her light caress.

“God, I’m horny,” she moaned as her body responded to her own caress.

Backing up she fell onto her bed, as one hand continued to squeeze and caress her aching breasts, she slid the other down over her stomach and between her parted thighs. Her pussy lips were already moist with her juices; she ran her fingers over and through them. Then with a groan of pleasure she brought them to her mouth, licking them clean before returning them to her pussy. This time she rubbed the juices into her rapidly swelling clitoris before licking her fingers clean. Once more her hand dipped down to her cuntal opening, this time she smeared the cream over her breasts, coating the nipples in her sticky excretion. As the hand once more returned to her pussy she used the other to lift a breast to her waiting mouth, she lapped at her hard swollen nipple tasting herself. The fingers of her other hand slipped into her vagina, first one then two, as she fingered herself her thumb brushed her clitoris, causing her to moan in pleasure. A third finger entered her pussy as her hips lifted, driving them deeply into her now dripping cunt. Releasing her breast she moved her free hand down to her pussy as her moans and cries of pleasure and need filled her bedroom. Her room filled with the wet sound of her pummelling fingers as she rubbed her clit and her hips jerked. Faster and faster until with a moan of release her orgasm crashed upon her, her actions become frenzied as she came.

“O god, o god yes cuming I’m cuming yes o fuck yeeessssssssssss”

Her hands jerked in pleasure filled frenzy as her pussy convulsed in orgasmic release.

As her orgasm passed Cathy relaxed on her bed, lifting her cum coated hands she licked them clean, savouring the taste before drifting back to sleep.

It was almost midday when she next awoke; lying in her bed she had an idea. Mark had been right, it would be a shame to waste the honeymoon tickets, and they were paid for. ‘I know,’ she thought with a smile ‘I’ll use them, if nothing else I’ll have a holiday and fuck Mark off’. With that decision made she slipped from her bed, still naked she flitted around her bedroom packing a bag before heading to the bathroom for a shower.

Eleven o’clock that night found Cathy boarding an airliner and settling in a first class seat. She had decided that she was going to have a great holiday, even if it meant spending all her savings and it had seemed the best way to start was to move up to first class. As the plane lifted off from the runway she looked out the window,

“Goodbye Mark you fucker,” she whispered.

It was a long flight and as the plane carried her across the world Cathy dozed, she mumbled slightly as the stewardess covered her with a blanket, before drifting deeper into sleep.

She awoke hungry, horny and in need of the toilet, the latter was the easiest to take care of. Entering the small cubicle she lifted her skirt and pushed her panties down, she relaxed as she felt the warm flow of urine cascade into the bowel. Finishing she dabbled herself dry with toilet roll, the dabbing turned into a caress as she dropped the paper. She stifled a moan of pleasure as her fingers caressed her aroused pussy and clitoris. With a jerk of her feet she kicked off her panties and spread her legs wide, lifting her skirt she looked at her aroused slit as her fingers slipped through it smearing her juices over her clitoris. The sight increased her arousal, standing she slipped her skirt down before sitting once more. Returning her fingers to her aroused pussy, she used the other hand to open her top, pushing her bra up she cupped and massaged her quickly swelling nipples. Her orgasm was fast approaching when there was a knock on the door,

“Hello, is there anyone in there”

Cathy quickly stood,

“Mmm yes, I’ll be out in a sec”

Flushing the chain she washed her hand and pulled her skirt on, rather than try to put her bra straight she pulled it off before fastening her blouse, she looked in vain for her panties.

“Where can they go,” she mumbled as she looked around the compact toilet.

In the end she gave up, slipping her shoes on she unlocked the door and stepped out. An irate looking businessman stood waiting,

“About time”

He complained before pushing past her and into the cubical, slamming the door behind himself.

On shaking legs and with a body screaming for sexual release Cathy returned to her seat. She tried to ignore the sensations that coursed through her body, to take her mind from it she picked up the airline magazine, but found she couldn’t concentrate on it.

“Would you like something to eat, or maybe a drink?”

Cathy looked up and found herself looking at a petite beautiful Polynesian woman, dressed in the figure hugging uniform of the airline.

“A drink would be fine thanks”

“Tea, coffee, wine or spirits?”

“White wine please”

When the stewardess returned she was carrying a tray with a glass of wine and food on.

“I thought I’d bring you some food, just in case, do you mind if I join you?”

“No I guess not”

“Thanks, it’s a quiet flight, everyone else is sleeping”

Cathy drank her wine and at the Stewardesses urging had something to eat, the first taste of the airline food made her realise how hungry she was.

“My names Marie”

“Hi, I’m sorry that’s so rude, I’m Cathy, Cathy Wilmot”

Sharing the food they talked quietly while the handful of other passengers slept on.

“I’ll get rid of the tray, would you like some more wine?”

“Err no thanks Marie, the couple of glasses I’ve already had have gone straight to me head”

Cathy watched Marie walk down the aisle, noting the way her hips moved under the tight skirt, she found herself wondering what Marie would look like naked.

‘My god,’ she thought ‘what’s wrong with me, she’s a woman and I’m not a lesbian, I’ve never even thought of women in a sexual way before, I must be really desperate’

‘Are you sure’ another part of her mind asked ‘in the dark of night haven’t you dreamt of it, when you lick your pussy juices from your hand, don’t you wonder if another woman would taste the same’.

She shook her head to clear the images that suddenly filled her mind.

“Are you OK?”

Cathy blushed as she looked at Marie; she found she couldn’t help staring at the other woman’s breasts and found herself longing to touch them.

“I’m fine, I guess I was daydreaming”

“Want to tell me about it?”

“No that’s OK”

Marie retrieved the blanket from the empty seat where Cathy had dropped it on the way to the bathroom.

“Why don’t I cover you and you can try and get some sleep, we’ve a while before we arrive”

Cathy reclined her seat and lay back as Marie spread the blanket over her.

Cathy once more dozed, this time her dreams seemed to be filled with images of Marie. Under the blanket she moved a hand to her pussy, a pussy that still cried out for sexual release. Eyes closed she fingered her pussy, fighting the urge to moan in pleasure and need. Suddenly a second hand joined her own, her eyes flew open as soft lips brushed against hers.

“Can I give you a hand?” Marie asked

“No please I’ve never……”

“That’s OK I have”

With that Marie once more pressed her lips to Cathy’s, Cathy froze her body being pulled in two directions. Part of her wanted to surrender to Marie’s touch and the promise it offered, but another part screamed in disgust. That part of her conscious was silenced when Marie’s tongue brushed her lips and her fingers caressed her clit.

Cathy surrendered to the other woman, parting her lips she felt Marie’s tongue enter her mouth, she found herself moaning in pleasure as they kissed. Cathy was amazed at how soft and gentle Marie’s mouth felt on hers, smooth and sharing not rough and demanding as Mark had always been. Her tongue followed Marie’s as it withdrew from her mouth; it was now her turn to taste Marie.

Cathy moaned into Marie’s mouth as she felt Marie’s fingers brush her clitoris before sinking into her hot wet pussy. Turning in the seat she moved her own hand onto Marie’s thigh, she rubbed it gently as they kissed and Marie’s hand probed her womanhood. She eased it up but found her way constricted by the tight skirt that Marie was wearing.

“Here let me give you a hand”

Cathy almost cried in loss as Marie’s fingers withdrew from her hot pussy, but her disappointment turned to pleasure as Marie stood, glanced around the airplane cabin and then raised her skirt until it was around her waist. Her pussy was bare and Cathy caught a glimpse of swollen, moist, pink flesh before Marie sat down.

Marie pulled the blanket across them both and slid closer to Cathy, they kissed once more as their hands searched and found each other’s mons. They kissed with passion and desire as they fingered each other’s hot pussies. Cathy couldn’t believe how hot and aroused she was, the feel of Marie’s breasts pressing against hers was driving her wild. She sucked on the other girl’s tongue as she fingered her pussy and rubbed her clitoris.

They came together, their orgasms shaking them both; they pressed their mouths together to stifle their cries of pleasure and release as their pussies convulsed on the rapidly jerking fingers that filled them.

Pulling apart they lay together in post coital bliss, removing her fingers from Marie’s dripping pussy she lifted them to her mouth and licked them clean. The clean fresh taste sent shivers to her pussy, turning she saw Marie watching her. She then watched as Marie licked her cum from her fingers.

“That’s nice,” said Marie with a glint of pleasure in her eyes “but I bet it tastes better from the source”

Cathy blushed as she realised Marie had spoken aloud the thoughts that filled her mind.

“Thank you”

“It’s not over yet”

Suddenly the curtain at the front of the cabin twitched and another stewardess walked out. Quickly Marie stood up trying to straighten her skirt. The other stewardess smiled knowingly at Marie as she caught a glimpse of the other woman’s pussy. As she came closer she also caught the aroma of aroused pussy and then she noticed the wet patch on the vacant seat.

“Everything OK Marie?”

“Fine thanks Suzy, everyone’s asleep”

“Look we’ll be landing soon so you’d better wake everyone and make sure everything’s stowed away”

Cathy sat up and under the cover of the blanket straightened her clothes. By the time she’d nipped to the toilet and freshened up the other passengers were all awake.

As the plain came into land the Sun rose over the island bathing it in golden light, the white beaches and deep blue sea contrasting with the greenery of the swaying palm trees and forest covered hills.

As she stepped from the plane Cathy had hoped to see Marie, to give her the address of the hotel she was staying at. However neither of the stewardesses that stood at the cabin door was Marie, one was woman that had come looking for Marie. She thought about asking her about Marie, but such thoughts flew from her mind because as Cathy reached the door the stewardess stepped forward and held her arm, a strange glint in her eye.

“Are these yours by any chance?”

So saying she held out Cathy’s missing panties. Cathy blushed quickly looking round to make sure nobody else was watching and then grabbed them and fled down the stairs.

It wasn’t until she was waiting for her bags that she realised the panties she held were wet. Carefully when no one was watching she lifted them to her face and breathed in, she caught the fragrant odour of pussy. Grabbing her bag she headed for the restroom, once in a cubicle she once more smelt the wet panties and then feeling very aroused she pulled them on, savouring the feel of the wet cotton against her aroused pussy.

Leaving the restroom, she walked towards the exit, the feel of the wet cotton on her hot cunt made her juices flow. A warm breeze and the light of the risen Sun greeted her as she stepped outside. Looking around she was heading over towards the Taxi rank when a bright red jeep pulled up beside her.

“Hi”

Cathy looked into the smiling face of Marie and felt herself blush.

“Can I give you a lift?”

“Err that would be great, thanks”

Lifting her bag into the back of the jeep, she sank into the seat beside Marie.

“Don’t you have to work?”

“No, that was my last flight for a few weeks, so where too?”

“The Bay Ridge Hotel”

Cathy watched Marie out of the corner of her eye as they pulled away from the curb, in no time they were driving along a road that hugged the coast, the airport falling behind them.

As she steered the jeep Marie glanced at Cathy,

“Look I want you to know, I don’t normally seduce passengers”

 “I guess I should ask why me then?”

“I don’t know, you just seemed… I guess it just felt right”

“Where are you staying?”

“I have a friend who has a beach house, I’ll probably stay there, why?”

“This was meant to be my honeymoon, I’ve a chalet booked at the hotel with a private pool, if you like you could join me”

Marie’s face light up with a smile,

“I’d love to”

Ten minutes later Marie pulled into the driveway of the Bay Ridge Hotel, slipping from the passenger seat Cathy turned towards the entrance.

“I’ll book in and be out in a sec”

“OK”

Cathy entered the plush foyer of the hotel, Marble floors stretched to a large winding staircase; she walked over to the large wooden registration desk. A middle aged man smiled at her as she approached,

“Good morning, may I help you?”

“Yes, I have a reservation under the name of Wilmot, no sorry I mean Spence”

Cathy had almost forgotten that she had booked it in her fiancée’s surname.

“Hmm, let me see, no I’m sorry we have no bookings for either Spence or Wilmot”

“But I booked it months ago”

“Well I’m afraid it’s not here, let me check on the computer. A yes here it is, it was cancelled late yesterday by Mr Spence”

“What, but I booked it and paid the deposit”

“I’m afraid I can’t help you, it was cancelled as I said and I’m afraid we are booked up, you should really have phoned ahead to confirm the booking”

“I confirmed it when I booked,” Cathy was becoming annoyed, both with her ex and with the clerk.

“It was cancelled”

“But not by me”

“Sorry, is that all”

“Look I booked a chalet and paid a deposit, I want what I paid for”

“I can’t help you the booking was cancelled and as I said we are fully booked”

“What about my deposit”

“Deposits are non refundable”

“What, but I didn’t cancel the booking”

“No Mr Spence did, now I’m sorry I can’t help you maybe another hotel will have a room”

The clerk turned away leaving Cathy feeling angry and lost.

“Everything OK”

Cathy turned and found herself gazing into Marie’s deep dark eyes.

“No my bastard of an ex has cancelled the booking and the hotel say there full and and …..,” 

Cathy was embarrassed to feel her eyes fill with tears.

“It’s OK,” Marie said as she hugged Cathy, gently rubbing her back “You can stay with me at the beach house, it’ll be fun, OK”

“Wh What about your friend?”

“The place belongs to Suzy, she flies out again tomorrow evening so we’ll have the place to ourselves, come on you’ll like it, I promise”

Taking Cathy’s hand Marie led her outside to the jeep.

Fifteen minutes later Marie turned the jeep down a narrow winding track enclosed by dense bushes and trees. Cathy caught a glimpse of the deep blue sea and then moments later the jeep broke clear of the bushes and stopped by a long single story wooden house, painted bright white with a red tiled roof. Stepping from the jeep she grabbed her bag and allowed Marie to pull her round to the front of the house.

White sand stretched from the veranda to the crashing waves, dense vegetation encircled the house and tall cliffs enclosed the secluded cove.

“It’s beautiful,” said Cathy

“Come on inside”

Cathy followed Marie into a large spacious living room, sunlight filled it with golden light and a fresh breeze blew through open windows. She followed Marie deeper into the house a short corridor led towards the kitchen at the back of the house. Through an open door she caught sight of a large claw footed bath, before Marie pulled her through another door into a bedroom. The large brass bed was hung with diaphanous drapes and windows offered a view of the cove and warm sunlit beach.

Cathy stood still looking round in wonder, she moaned in pleasure as Marie enfolded her in her arms, their lips met in a gentle kiss of simmering desire. The kiss deepened as their hand explored each other’s bodies, riffling though each other’s clothes. Cathy pushed open Marie’s blouse and gazed in wonder at her firm breasts. She felt Marie’s hands pushing her skirt down, fingers grazed across the moist material of her panties.

Stepping back Marie gazed deep into Cathy’s eyes, a smile playing across her face.

“Close your eyes, I’ve got a surprise for you”

“What?” Cathy asked smiling

“Just close your eyes and don’t open them until I say”

Cathy closed her eyes, her body burning with sexual arousal and desire. She felt Marie’s breath on her face as she moved closer, lips brushed her eyes and mouth. Hands pushed her blouse down her arms, before allowing it to slide to the floor. Her skirt followed and in seconds she stood naked, wearing only the now soaking panties. Lips brushed her breasts and a tongue flicked over her nipples, causing her to groan in pleasure, then they were gone. She heard the floor creak and then a rustle of clothing as Marie undressed, then hands were pulling at her panties, warm breath blew over her hot wet pussy before a tongue slid over her swollen labia and clitoris, and then it was gone. She stood still, her body crying out to be touched and loved. A body pressed against hers, breast pushing against breast, nipple brushing nipple. Marie kissed her and Cathy tasted herself on the other woman’s lips and tongue as they kissed with passion.
