 It was my last evening in England and I had been invited to spend it at the coffee lounge just around the corner from my hotel. I had spent many happy evenings there with the owners Bob and Vicky. I had spent the last five months working at the English office of the company that I worked for trying to salvage something after a manager had run off with a large amount of the assets. I had recovered most of what was missing and felt that I was leaving after a job well done.

I walked down the street and could see the coffee lounge ahead of me but it looked as though it was closed. I carried on and walked up the steps that led to the entrance. I looked through the small windows in the door but could see no sign of life, so feeling disappointed I turned and started to slowly walk back to my hotel. I had only walked about twenty yards or so when I heard the sound of someone running up behind me, and then I heard someone calling "Cathy, please wait.". I turned around and there stood Sharon, Bob and Vicky's daughter. She told me that they had been called away at very short notice to visit Vicky's mom who had been taken to hospital after falling down some steps. This had resulted in a broken hip and wrist along with some cuts and bruises. As Vicky couldn't drive, Bob considered it his duty to take her even though it would mean closing the coffee shop for the evening, as cover couldn't be arranged until the morning. I told Sharon that I quite understood and that I would walk back to the hotel and have a quiet night but she said that she wouldn't hear of it. She said that I was welcome to come for the promised coffee and that she would welcome a chance to have a girly chat.

Sharon was what you might describe as petite. Slim, but not skinny and being less than five feet tall she gave the impression that she was only aged about fourteen or fifteen. I knew that she was in fact eighteen as I had attended her birthday party a few weeks earlier. We walked back to the coffee shop and as I followed her up the few steps, which led to the side door, she walked through a shaft of sunlight that shone through the light summer dress she was wearing to reveal the perfect shape of her young body. I followed her through the door which she held open for me and as I walked into the large hall way she closed and locked the door behind us. Sharon ushered me into the lounge and offered to take my jacket. I slipped this off and she made a remark about how much she liked my dress. It was just a white cotton summer dress with inch wide shoulder straps and a small blue bow at the front. It wasn't a very short affair, with the hemline just above my knees. Hers was a much skimpier article. A very pale printed flowered pattern on a thin cotton material. The shoulder straps were very narrow and the hemline was about five or six inches higher than mine. There was a sofa along one wall with a small dining table and chairs beside, tucked up a corner. In the centre were two recliner chairs facing each other with a small coffee table to one side and another small table beside one of the chairs on which stood a small electric fan. This was giving a very welcome light breeze on this very warm evening.

Sharon told me to take a seat and she would go and make coffee. She went out of a door on the other side of the room to the one from which we had entered and I could soon hear her putting the necessary things onto a tray. She returned shortly with this tray and placed it onto the coffee table which was positioned between but to the side of the reclining chairs and sat down on the facing chair to the one I had occupied. I had slipped my shoes off and slid my feet up onto the chair so that my heels were tucked up, touching the cheeks of my bottom, resulting in the hem of my dress riding up by about four of five inches revealing a fair amount of my bare legs. Sharon poured out the coffees, not needing to ask how I liked mine as she had served me hot drinks many times in the past. She placed a filled cup onto the table beside me and placed another beside her chair and then kicked off her own shoes and slid her feet into the same position as I had mine. 

We talked about my future plans and she asked if I was sad at leaving and I told her that if it wasn't for my son back home I would be more than happy to stay. She asked how old my son was and seemed genuinely surprised when I answered that he was almost twenty. At that point she asked how old I was and I told her that I would be thirty-eight the next day. She said that she was stunned and that if asked she would have guessed that I was well under thirty years old, a comment for which I thanked her. With that she said that she would go and fetch some wine from the rack and we would have a drink to celebrate my forthcoming birthday. I said that I would very much like that but I would have to use the bathroom first. 

As I went to stand up I caught my foot on one of Sharon's shoes and lost my balance. I stretched out a hand to stop myself from falling only to catch the edge of the coffee tray sending the pot and it's now luke-warm contents spewing onto my dress as I staggered back into the chair. Sharon leapt up and picked the coffee pot from my lap and quickly placed it back onto the table before grabbing my hand and helping me out of the chair. She then led me to the door that she had gone through earlier and led me down a passageway to a stairway which we climbed. I could feel the cold coffee on my skin as it soaked its way through my dress and panties. At the top of the stairs was a door that Sharon opened to reveal a bathroom and she told me to go in and take off my now sodden dress and anything else that was wet and then said that she would fetch something for me to put on. She pulled the door behind her and I did as she said and removed my dress. My panties were also soaked so I removed those as well and stood there in just my bra. There was a tap at the door and it opened slightly as Sharon's arm came into view holding a towelling gown. She asked me to hand her the stained, wet clothes and as I did so she told me to put the gown on and when I was ready to make my way back to the lounge. At this point I heard her walk back down the stairs. I put the gown on but it was quite small and although it did fit round me it finished just below my bottom. Because of its length, and both of us being slim, I guessed that the gown was one of Sharon's own. With my now bare pussy only inches away from exposure I knew that I would have to be very careful as to how I sat.

I made my way back to the lounge where Sharon had just finished wiping the remains of the coffee pot contents from the floor. I remarked that the gown looked a little skimpy on me and gave a little twirl as if to demonstrate, holding the bottom of the gown down at the front so as not to expose myself, or Sharon to any embarrassment. Sharon said that on me it looked very sexy and alluring and much nicer than it did on her, confirming that the garment was indeed hers. I apologised for the coffee incident but she told me not to be silly, as accidents happened to everybody, and besides I shouldn't keep my lovely legs hidden away behind long dresses and the incident had given me a chance to show them off. I felt very flattered and told her so. 

She told me that she had put my things into the washer and with any luck the stains should all but disappear. I then sat back into the chair. Mindful of my predicament I was careful to keep my knees locked together. Sharon then said that we could both do with that glass of wine now and walked back to the kitchen. I could hear the clinking of glass bottles and glasses when she shouted to ask if I preferred red or white and I answered that I liked both. She returned with a small bottle of each and placed the red bottle on the table and placed one glass at my feet and the other in front of her chair. She then sat back into her seat and proceeded to open the white bottle. Once opened she kept her feet tucked into the base of her chair and slid her bottom forward and off of the seat, making her dress ride up to reveal the cheeks of her bottom, something to which she seemed oblivious. 

She then leant forward to fill my glass, and as she did so, the front of her dress fell forward giving me a full downward view of her small, bra-less titties and their sweet little nipples. I gulped, and for the first time in my life I felt a stirring inside as the result of seeing a naked part of a female body. I had never had any sexual feelings at all towards another woman and was very surprised that I was getting some, however small, now. It struck me that there we were two woman, one a longhaired red head in her late thirties and the other a shorthaired teenage blonde, the first wearing no panties and the second no bra. As this thought struck me I felt another slight stirring in my tummy. At this point I knew that I wanted to see those cute little breasts again. 

I felt an even stronger twinge as Sharon remarked that she liked my nice lace panties and thought that they were very pretty and must look even better when they were being worn atop of my long slim legs. I told her that they were nice and cool on these warm summer evenings. Sharon said that she preferred small light cotton panties, light enough to keep cool and just big enough to keep decent. She went on to say that a friend of hers used to wear the thinnest and skimpiest of panties that did nothing to hide the dark pubic bush that matched the color of her jet-black hair. I asked her how on earth she knew this and she replied, giggling, that they used to go and buy clothes together before she moved away to university a couple of years before and were quite often together in just their underwear when they were trying garments on in the changing rooms. I remarked that she wouldn't suffer from a pubic shadow problem as her hair was so lightly colored and she laughed saying that it wouldn't be a problem as she kept herself shaved clean 'down there' anyway, a remark which did nothing to abate the stirrings that I was experiencing. I asked her why she shaved herself and she replied that she had developed a heat rash a year or two earlier and it was so much easier to apply the cream that the doctor gave her when she had no hair to get in the way. The rash had cleared itself quickly but she had found that as a result of the shaving she much preferred to remain 'smooth'. I told her that a few years earlier a close friend confided that she too shaved and I had toyed with the idea of trying it out but had never had the courage to take that step and as a result still had a full bush of rich red hair. Sharon smiled sweetly and said that I should try it one day and I replied that I might just do that, although I thought that I would have to drink quite a lot of alcohol to give me the courage. Sharon smiled again. 

I kept my knees clamped together as I leant forward to pick up my glass and drank the contents in one shot. Sharon remarked that I must have needed that and went to pass me the wine bottle but I pretended not to notice and placed my glass back onto the floor where I knew I would stand a good chance of seeing her breasts again as she leaned forward to fill it. However she still held out the bottle but I asked her if she would fill my glass for me, as it tasted much better if it was poured for you. She smiled her sweet smile, and slid off of her chair as before. I felt my heart beat as she leaned forward and I again enjoyed the view of her lovely naked breasts. This time her nipples seemed to have swollen and become much more pronounced. She held this position for much longer than before and when I could bring myself to take my eyes away from her body I saw that she was looking at the label on the bottle. I looked back at her breasts and wondered just how they would look if I ever got the chance to see them full on. She then emptied the bottle into my glass and returned to her seat. 

We talked about life in general and eventually the subject of our conversation turned to men. I told her about my failed marriage and how Rodney, my supposed loving partner couldn't keep his pants on when there was another woman around and that David, our son, was the only good thing to come from our short partnership. Sharon told me that she had never had a really serious boyfriend and when I told her that I hadn't had a relationship with a man for almost ten years she told me that she had never had a 'proper' physical relationship with a man and had yet to find a someone with who she would be prepared to loose her virginity. We both then said "Men!" and burst into a fit of the giggles, more to do with the wine than anything else. Sharon then stood up and announced that she would fetch some more wine. She was gone a little longer than before but soon returned with another couple of bottles. She did as before and placed one onto the table and opened the other before leaning over to re-fill my glass again giving me a glimpse of her sweet bare breasts. By this time I could feel my pussy becoming moist and I wondered if Sharon's was too. I hadn't missed the fact that she had made quite a few flattering comments and remarks about my body during the course of the evening, something that I warmly welcomed from this beautiful little creature and I wondered if, or if I'm honest and admit it, hoped that she was making them for a reason. 

I was now determined to see if I could see a damp patch on her panties although I didn't want to give up my quest of seeing as much of her breasts as I could. I had by now noticed that Sharon was filling my glass after I had taken a few sips, rather than waiting for me to empty it, not that I was complaining as I was getting even more of my little visual treats as a result. We continued sipping wine and talking for what must have been an hour or more, the wine relaxing us both and allowing us to discuss things that in normal circumstances would be considered as off limits. I told her about boys I dated at collage, including one, Paul, who had a massive dick. I was taken aback when Sharon asked me if I had let him shag me with it, as I didn't expect her to be quite as blunt as that. I told her that I had seen his huge cock by accident when I walked into the bathroom while he was taking a piss, and no, I didn't let him shag me. Sharon explained that all of the boys that she had fancied were either tied up with other girls or else they weren't interested in her. I told her that someone as pretty as her shouldn't have any problem attracting a man and I didn't think that it could be too long before someone realised just how lucky they would be if they managed to land her. 

The next time that she leaned over to top up my glass I thought that I was going to explode because instead of the front of her dress just falling open, this time the shoulder straps slipped down her arms and the whole front of her dress fell down leaving her little sweet titties exposed, and they looked so gorgeous. It was all I could do to stop myself from leaning forward and start caressing them. Instead of just slipping the straps back up to her shoulders she started to laugh and leaned back. The sight was more than I could ever have dreamed of. Now that they were in full view I could see that although they were small her breasts were shaped to perfection and her nipples were like little cherries. She then all too quickly pulled her top back into place and apologised. I said that there was no need at all to apologise, hoping that I didn't sound like some old dyke. 

Sharon sat back into her chair and as she did so the second of my wishes came true when she parted her knees slightly, just enough for me to make out a little tell tale damp patch in her panties. It seemed that she was enjoying this evening as much as I was. With her knees now parted slightly further and with her bottom slightly forward in her chair I now had a clear view of her panty-covered pussy. Sharon then asked how I managed to keep myself 'happy' without a man around and rather stupidly I replied that I kept myself busy socialising and that I had one or two friends with which I shared movie visits and the odd drink or two. Sharon let out a laugh and I then realised that she didn't mean that type of 'happy' and I joined in her laughter. I then said that the usual self-relief came into force on odd occasions and found myself asking Sharon how she kept satisfied. She replied that she had never felt really satisfied but had to make do with a finger or two in the right places until she could find a more acceptable solution. 

Sharon slid onto the floor to top up my already almost full glass and again I had a nice view of her breasts, but I knew now that these quick views of her sweet little titties were no longer enough. With my pussy becoming ever more moist and stronger feelings developing deep inside I now wanted more, much more. 

My pussy was no longer moist, it was wet and it was all I could do to stop myself from putting my hand on it and giving myself a little rub. Sharon had finished pouring the wine but was still in position on the floor when I did something that I couldn't believe I was capable of, I parted my own knees, only by an inch or two but I knew that the shortness of the gown coupled with the position that she was in, Sharon would be treated to a clear and open view of my pussy in all of it's glory, a very wet pink slit surrounded by a lush carpet of rich red hair. I realised that it was make or break time and if she declined the invitation to look I would have to change my tack and give up my quest. As I parted my knees a little more I bit my bottom lip, hoping that she wouldn't look away. I glimpsed Sharon's face, and could see that she was looking straight between my legs and was undoubtedly absorbing the view of my excited pussy. I kept talking and as I did so I opened them just a little bit further. Sharon kept her eyes firmly on my crotch. I kept my legs ajar for a few more seconds before very slowly closing them and then picked up my glass and finished what remained. 

I placed my glass back on the floor and Sharon again leaned forward to re-fill it and for the second time the front of her dress fell totally open. Before she could pour wine into my glass I put my foot over the top of it and said quietly "Not for a minute." Instead of pulling her dress front up she looked at me, smiled and slipped her arms out of her dress straps and let its top fall down over her waist. As she sat back into her chair, her wonderful little breasts in full view she asked if I minded. I smiled and asked her how on earth could I mind when I had the chance to see such a beautiful young body. She asked if I really wanted to look at her like that and I smiled and just looked at her lovely titties for a few seconds before saying that I couldn't think of anything else I would rather look at. I could feel my chest becoming tight as she placed her right hand over her left breast and gently squeezed it saying that they weren't very big, in fact they were very small. I told her that I thought that they were just perfect. She then moved her hand onto her right breast while at the same time placing her other hand on her other one and squeezed them together. After what seemed ages, but in fact was no more than a few seconds she slowly lifted both of her feet off of the floor and placed one onto each of my knees and gently rubbed them with her toes. "Do you mind?" she again asked and after catching my breath I whispered loudly, and with an uncontrollable quiver in my voice that I couldn't see myself minding about anything that she would like to do and added that there was no need to ask in future, as anything that she wished to do would be fine by me. She carried on caressing my knees and I realised that they had now drifted a couple of inches apart and noticed that Sharon was looking down the gap at my pussy. She said that she had never been this close to another woman and was enjoying it very much and was becoming very excited. I replied that I too had never been this close and after a long pause said that I very much wanted to carry on. By now we both knew that we were heading down an uncharted path and I believed that Sharon was as willing as I in finding where it was going to lead.
