 This story has been written to run parallel with 'David's Story' It doesn't matter in which order the stories are read but to see the whole picture you should read both. In any case both of them follow the original part of 'Cathy and Sharon' and this should be read first.

Cathy and Sharon Ch2. - One Year On

I sat at the restaurant table that my son David had booked for us waiting for him to arrive, wondering what had happened to the last year. It had passed so quickly. I started thinking about the night exactly one year and a day before when I found what my whole life had been made for, my darling Sharon and the wonderful night we had spent together.

It wasn't anything new for me to have those thoughts, on the contrary, I had thought about her and that evening almost every day since. The day after, my 38th birthday, I had to leave her in England and come home to Los Angeles. I don't think I had ever been so unhappy in my life before.

We had kept in touch, oh my how we had. We telephoned each other two or three times a week and emails flowed back and forth constantly. Even the fact that she had gone to live in Australia six months after my return didn't stop us. My telephone bill almost did, but it was worth every cent and more. I raised my eyes from the glass of wine that I was passing from hand to hand thinking that I had glimpsed David out of the corner of my eye, but I was mistaken.

It had been a funny day. Firstly David presented me with a new dress for my birthday. This isn't what one would expect from an almost 21 year old boy, and certainly not one quite like this. It was a figure-hugging affair with a hemline about two inches above the knee. A really beautiful dress, somebody must have chosen it for him, I thought. Then he told me that I was to wear it this evening as he had booked us a meal. He then presented me with a nice pair of earrings to go with the dress. I told him that I loved the dress, but it wasn't the sort of garment a mother wore when she went out with her son, it would be more in keeping for a special date, but he insisted I wore it.

Late in the afternoon I heard the doorbell and when I answered I found Keli standing there. Keli is a young girl who works for David in the carpentry business that my father left to him when he died a couple of years ago. She is a nice girl but does come from a family with a rather bad reputation. Her mother and father can only be classed as layabouts, her two brothers are always in trouble with the law and her two sisters are what can only be described as easy. Her eldest sister, Chloe, makes no secret of the fact that she is on the game and the other, Tricia, who is two years older than Keli doesn't charge her men but is on her back just as often. 

To be honest my first impressions of Keli drove me to believe that she was just like her sisters. The sluttish way she used to dress and her use of ripe language in almost every sentence fuelled this even more. But David, knowing her all through their school years told me that this was just a front. It was expected of her so she delivered. She had, over the past two years or so mellowed somewhat. She was always hard working and picked the work up easily. David often left her to her own devices and, to the best of my knowledge, she had never let him down.

Today though she seemed upset. She asked me if David was at home and when I replied that I thought that he was at work she told me he wasn't. I asked her what the problem was but she wouldn't tell me. I asked her in and after a little persuasion she stepped into the lounge. 

I then coaxed out of her that a boy who she was really fond of, but until now hadn't the courage to tell, was coming out of a shop with another girl when she was driving by on a delivery. She was going to tell him about her feelings when she saw him later that afternoon but now it seemed pointless. He was obviously excited to be in the company of this other girl. They were holding hands and both were laughing. I asked her who the boy was but she wouldn't tell me and then, just after, she left saying that she was going home to have a good cry.

I looked up from my glass just as David walked into the restaurant. He had a big smile on his face, almost a laugh. I could see from his expression that he was having a job containing himself. I also noticed that he hadn't changed his clothes, he was still in the jeans and tee shirt that he went out in earlier that morning. He slid into the seat opposite me, still with that broad grin on his face. I asked him what was so funny and he just replied "Nothing!"

"I thought that you would have changed into something a little smarter for our 'date'" I told him, but he then surprised me by saying that he hadn't had time as he had to go and collect my birthday present.

"But you've already given it to me, my nice new dress and earrings" I told him, and he just laughed.

"They weren't your presents" he said, "Your present is still to come."

I told him about my visit from Keli and he said "Oh, I had better go and see her then."

"But what about our meal, aren't you going to have that first?" I asked.

"I'm not stopping, the meal is for you." He said.

I told him that I didn't want to have the meal on my own and he told me that I wouldn't be doing so, and that my birthday present was standing behind me.

I stood up and turned around, and there she was, her eyes welled trying to hold back her tears, the most beautiful vision that I have ever seen. Sharon threw her arms around me and gave me the biggest hug. I was in shock. I couldn't believe that she was there. 

I threw my arms around her and kissed her forehead. We held each other for what seemed ages before David said " I think that you pair had better sit down before people start to say things"

I held her hand and led her to the seat beside me. David asked "Well, do you like your present?" I couldn't speak. Sharon replied for me "I think she does."

It took a while before I could say anything. I was still in shock; my heart was pounding so hard I thought it was going to burst out of my chest.

"Well say something." David uttered. I replied, "I just can't believe it. How on earth did you manage to get Sharon here? " "I just took the liberty of looking at your phone bill to find her number and when you went out to work one morning a month or so ago I called her and asked if she would like to visit for your birthday." David told me, " I knew that you were such good friends by the amount of time you spent chatting on the phone, and the fact that you always keep talking to me about her. Sharon said that she would jump at the chance but hadn't saved enough money for her travel yet. I told her I was paying for her ticket and I wasn't prepared to take no for an answer. I wanted to give you something special for your birthday, just as a small thank you for everything you have done for me. I think, by the look on your face, I have struck gold!"

Sharon squeezed my hand and said, "I just couldn't turn down his offer, and I wanted to come visit you so much."

David said that he would be on his way and leave us to chat while he went to see if he could find Keli. He needed to talk to her about something but wouldn't go into any detail about it. He stood up, gave Sharon a kiss on the cheek before leaning over and kissing mine. "Happy birthday mom." he said and walked away towards the door. He stopped as he opened it, looked at Sharon and me, smiled and was gone.

Sharon let go of my hand and slid off of the seat, stood up and moved around the table and sat opposite me.

She was wearing a short sleeveless black dress, her divine little braless 32A breasts were pressing against the thin material, her nipples visible to my eager eyes. She was wearing the faintest amount of light blue eye shadow and deep blue mascara to compliment her bright blue eyes, together with strawberry pink lipstick. I had never before seen her wearing makeup. She had blossomed into a beautiful young woman from the girl of just a year before, the girl that I had fallen so deeply in love with and had missed so much.

"You've grown since I last saw you." I told her. "I know, I just keep on growing. I must be two inches taller now, and I've put on about ten pounds." She replied.

"You're still as slim and beautiful as ever, and your hair. You've let that grow as well." I added.

The last time that I had seen Sharon her blonde hair was cut short but now it flowed over her shoulders. Her face was just a little fuller but the rest of her body had grown in proportion to her extra height. Australia must suit her I thought.

We sat there looking at each other for ages, just making small talk. I was still so shocked to have her with me that I couldn't find anything to say and Sharon seemed to be in the same position. We ordered our food and some drinks and as the evening progressed we slowly started to return to normal and the conversation became deeper. Sharon told me all about how she and David had arranged the surprise and how she had longed to come and see me. My eyes were fixed on her all evening and I so wanted to take her in my arms and hold and caress her. I knew that she was longing to do the same to me. It was as if the last year had just melted away.

She told me that she had arrived in L.A. late the night before and David had booked her a room at one of the hotels near to the airport so that she would have time to recover from her long journey before we met. He had picked her up that lunchtime and taken her into the main centre to do some shopping before escorting her to the restaurant. He was taking her bags onto the house as we ate and told her that he would put them into her room ready for her arrival. He had also booked a table at a club so that we could have a good evening together before we got a cab home.

We finished our meals, had a couple of drinks and then headed to the club. This is a music club that I have belonged to for a number of years. There are a couple of lounges where you can sit in a nice atmosphere for a chat with friends or go into the main hall where they have live music every night. We arrived there at about ten and ordered a couple of drinks and took them to our table. We could hear the music from the main hall but it was quiet enough to hold a conversation without having to raise your voice.

We talked about her new life in Australia and the friends that she had made. I would often find photographs from her in my email and so I knew whom she was talking about. A few of the pictures I had printed out and framed and they now stood on the cabinet beside my bed. One of them was just of her, sitting against a rock on the beach in a black bikini, it was my favourite and I had made a large print of this. I often looked at it as I lay there, my hand gently caressing my pussy as I imagined being with her, slowly removing her swimsuit top and playing with her breasts before slipping her shorts down her slim legs and off her ankles, allowing me to part her knees so that I could plant soft kisses on her pussy. 

"How much does David know about us?" Sharon asked. "Just that we are really good friends." I replied. "I don't know how he would react to find that his mom is in love with another woman."

"I thought that was the case. I didn't say anything , just to be on the safe side." she said. 

We talked until around half past midnight then decided to head home. When we arrived at the house, about twenty minutes later, it was in darkness. I told Sharon that David must be in bed. I knew that he had an early start in the morning. We entered, I took her coat and put it on a hook with mine before showing her into the lounge. I was going to tell her that I would make us a drink but before I could she turned to face me, put her arms around my neck and gave me a long passionate kiss. I readily responded and placed my hands on her bottom and gave it a gentle rub. We kissed for a couple of minutes and then sat together on the sofa where we kissed and cuddled for almost half an hour, exchanging soft words between the kisses. How I longed to make love to her right there and then, but David being such a light sleeper I knew that we would be in danger of being 'caught in the act'.

I told Sharon that I couldn't wait until the morning, when we had the house to ourselves, with no chance of being discovered. She kissed me again. I took her hand and led her to the door of the spare bedroom. This was quite large, with a nice soft double bed. As I opened the door the light from the hallway lit the room. We both stood there and looked in amazement. 

There, lying on the bed, as naked as the day they were born were David and Keli. I couldn't believe what I was seeing. Keli's long jet-black hair lay across her naked figure, her long slim legs rapped around David's thigh. He had an enormous erection and it was obvious that they had earlier been making passionate love.

"My God," whispered Sharon, "I know he's your son, but just look at the size of that, it's huge!" as she pointed to his engorged cock. It really was big. I felt a little embarrassed so I quietly closed the door. 

I led Sharon to my bedroom, opened the door and noticed her bags on the floor at the foot of my bed. The covers had been pulled back and Sharon's nightdress lay beside mine on top of the bed. Between them was a single red rose to which was attached a note. I picked it up and read it. "To the both of you, sweet dreams. Have fun, Love David xxxx." 

I gave it to Sharon to read and after she had she placed it onto the bedside cabinet and turned to me.

She put her arms around my waist and pulled me close to her. She was breathing heavily as she placed her lips onto mine. I opened my mouth and put my tongue into hers. She caressed it with hers and gently sucked, slowly moving her hands onto my bottom. 

I gently manoeuvred her to the bottom of the bed, caught hold of the zipper on the back of her dress and slowly pulled it down. Sharon responded by kissing me harder and putting a little more pressure on the cheeks of my bottom. With her zipper now drawn down I slipped my hands into the top of her dress and eased it off of her shoulders. She broke our kiss, removed her hands from my ass and stepped back slightly allowing the dress to fall to the floor. She stepped out of the garment and stood there in just her small black lace panties. Her breasts were so inviting, her nipples stood out and had hardened. I so wanted to take one of them into my mouth. 

Before I could do so she turned me around and undid my zipper and pushed my dress to the floor. As I went to step out of it she placed her soft hands onto the front of my bra and started to caress my breasts through the light material and started kissing my neck. She continued to tease my breasts while she moved her lips to the lobe of my ear, kissed it and then gently sucked on it. I closed my eyes as my chest tightened. Her hands then went behind my back and undid the fastening on my bra before slipping it off of my shoulders. Her hands slid back to my now bare breasts and she started to caress them. My nipples hardened at her touch. I turned around, put my hands onto her waist and led her to the bed. Tonight was going to be special, very special.

We kneeled on the bed facing each other and I cupped her face in my hands. I kissed her forehead and then let my lips move downwards. She closed her eyes and I kissed each eyelid in turn, soft gentle kisses, back and forth. I kissed the tip of her nose and touched it with the tip of my tongue and then kissed her on her lips, a long loving kiss, her face still cradled in my hands. I broke the kiss and looked her in the eyes. She went to say something but I just said "shhh" and started kissing her eyelids again. Tonight it was my turn to take control and I wanted to take my lover to heaven.

I lay her down on the bed and ran my hand along her thigh whilst moving my position so that I was by her feet. I lifted a foot and moved her big toe to my mouth and kissed it. She seemed to like it so I worked slowly along her other toes with my lips and slipped my hand up and down her calf. I looked up at her, her breasts were laying flat with her hard nipples sticking up into the air. I couldn't resist them any longer.

I slipped up along her body and took a nipple into my mouth, rolled it around my tongue and gently sucked while nipping the other between my finger and thumb. Sharon slipped a hand into the top of my panties and started rubbing my cheek. Her breathing was getting fast and deep. I moved my hand from her breast and placed it back onto her thigh, slowly moving it up and down, each time reaching a little nearer to her panties. She lifted my head away from her breast and guided my lips to hers. Again we kissed deeply, tongues deep into each other's mouths. As my hand reached her panties she put one of hers on top of it to stop me going any higher. Our kiss was broken and she whispered "later."

In a split second Sharon had changed her position and pushed me onto my back, re-engaging our lips to continue our kissing and then started to fondle my breasts. I knew that she had taken control and that there was nothing that I could do about it.

My breathing fastened and deepened as she continued to fondle my breasts. She moved her lips away from mine and placed them onto my neck. I instinctively knew what she was going to do, and as I felt her teeth start to nibble away while her lips formed a vacuum around the small volume of flesh. I was resigned to having a dark love bite when I awoke the next morning. She moved her hand to my tummy and slowly rubbed her palm in circles. My whole body had tightened and my pussy cried out for attention. As she continued working on my neck I panted in a whisper to her ear "Please, .......please, play with my pussy." She ignored my plea and continued what she was doing.

Her hand was rubbing my tummy a little faster but still as soft and gentle when she moved her lips back to mine. I cupped her face in my hands again and before she had a chance to kiss me deeply I held her away. I then let our lips brush for just a second and whispered to her "I love you" and whispered it again between each of a dozen more kisses. " I love you..................I love you.................I love you....................."

She moved her hand to my thigh and lifted her foot to my tummy and slipped her big toe into the waistband of my panties, slipping it from side to side, trying to push them off. I responded by lifting my bottom and she slid them down past my knees. I pulled my feet up and wriggled out of them and then spread my legs wide, as wide as I could. There was no way, I thought, that she could ignore my pussy now. 

Sharon began deeply kissing me again whilst moving her hand up and down my thigh, stopping just short of my pussy. I tried moving down the bed so that they would meet but I didn't have enough room. I was near to bursting. My nipples were rock hard, my breathing was fast and deep and my soaked pussy was near breaking point.

I pulled my mouth away from hers. I had to, I couldn't breathe. I needed so much air, I was so high I thought any moment now I would burst..

She continued to rub my thigh and I pleaded with her to make me come. "Please Sharon, I'm going to die, please rub my pussy"

She ignored me again. Her lips clamped on my nipple and she swirled her tongue around and around, her hand still refusing to touch my pussy. 

"Please Sharon" I squeaked, I couldn't even talk properly, "Please rub my pussy"

She moved her mouth to my other breast and repeated her actions.

I gulped, I was getting higher with her every move Her hand continued caressing my thigh, still stopping short of my pussy. "Touch my pussy, touch my pussy, please touch my pussy." I begged, to no avail.
