 Cathy stood motionless, still trying to derive some meaning from the voicemail message she'd received from Katrina. Phrases from the message were all that were swirling about in her mind…"this isn't working…we need to move on...I'm just not ready." Cathy and Katrina had been together for almost 6 months, and Cathy thought that everything was fine…great, in fact. The two had discussed moving in together and Katrina seemed just as eager as Cathy did at the thought. Since they had both had disastrous relationships in the past, this one had been a welcome relief.

They had met at a party, each stealing glances at the other throughout the evening, compelling Cathy to contemplate her approach. Katrina was adorable in Cathy's eyes…her long, brown hair and her piercing hazel eyes were mesmerizing. The charmingly graceful way in which she moved about the room drew attention from everyone, it seemed, but Cathy was determined to make this angelic creature hers.

She grabbed two drinks and made her journey across the room to meet this vision that was Katrina. Handing a drink to Katrina, she said, "I saw those beautiful eyes of yours and decided that I had to meet you. My name is Cathy, what's yours?"

Katrina was not unaccustomed to such introductions…she knew she was uncommonly beautiful. Unfortunately, she'd had more than her fair share of overtly crude advances and she found herself tentatively accepting the drink Cathy offered her, ready to bolt at the first sign of trouble. She hated that she always reverted to feeling so cynical, but too many had tried to take advantage of her otherwise caring and trusting tendencies.

She chose to ignore Cathy's reference to her eyes, "I'm Katrina. Are you enjoying the party?" she replied rather coldly.

"I am now that I've met you, "Cathy responded, causing Katrina's defenses to become that much more heightened. 

"Look, "Katrina started, "I've been through this too many times to count, so if you're only interested in a quick fuck, you're talking to the wrong person." 

She started to turn and walk off when Cathy stopped her, grabbing hold of her arm. "Hold on! It's obvious you've had some bad experiences, and I apologize for the tacky line I laid on you, but I really am a pleasant person and I'd love to just go and get a cup of coffee or something and talk…if that sounds good to you."

Katrina had to admit that the feel of Cathy's hand on her arm was warm and inviting, despite her misgivings about the situation. She allowed a small smile to creep across her face, "Ok, coffee it is, "she agreed, and the two headed to a small coffeehouse near the party.

The two exchanged small talk at first, and when Cathy felt that Katrina was feeling comfortable, she reached across the table and caressed her hand. They continued to discuss their various failed relationships. Cathy's lover had moved on to greener pastures with seemingly no regard for what the two had shared over the course of a 2 year relationship. Likewise, Katrina had her own painful experience when the woman she thought loved her turned out to only be using her for her temporary enjoyment.

They talked and talked until they realized the evening had turned into a very late night. Although they seemed to be comfortable with each other, Cathy was still a bit apprehensive about asking Katrina to her place. She opted to go ahead and go for broke, however, "It's really late Kat, would you like to come to my place and continue our conversation?" she asked, hoping her question wouldn't be too off-putting.

Cathy was pleasantly surprised when Katrina acquiesced and agreed to accompany Cathy. They took their respective vehicles, Katrina following Cathy to her home. As she drove, Katrina couldn't help but ask herself why she was stepping into yet another opportunity to be hurt. She hadn't come to the party looking for anything other than having a good time, yet here she was, on her way to another woman's home. There was something about Cathy though; something that made Katrina think that this would turn out differently. A calm settled over her as she pulled into Cathy's driveway.

Once inside, Cathy poured some wine as Katrina made herself comfortable in the living room. The two seemed to pick their earlier conversation up with ease. They discussed everything, getting to know one another better and better as the early morning hours passed. 

Inevitably, their conversation came to an uncomfortable respite, and an awkwardness began to set in. With the same resolve that had motivated her to approach Katrina in the first place, Cathy reached out a hand and lightly stroked Katrina's cheek. She responded with a concentrated gaze into Cathy's eyes, letting her guard down if only for a moment and allowing Cathy to see the passion that was rising within her. Inwardly, she knew she might be making a mistake by showing her vulnerability, but she was willing to take a chance on Cathy.

Cathy needed no other sign from Katrina, and she leaned in for a slow but deep and passionate kiss. Katrina fell into it instantly, allowing Cathy to part her lips and roll her tongue roughly inside her mouth. An almost guttural cry made its way from Katrina as she continued to melt into Cathy's kiss. Nothing in the world seemed to matter at that moment except for the exotic feel of Cathy's mouth on hers. 

Cathy was completely lost in kissing this woman…the feel of her lips was so much more than comforting and she felt her passion beginning to rise. Unable to keep her hands off this vision of beauty, Cathy began massaging Katrina's breasts, kneading each one in turn and tweaking her nipples. She grasped the bottom of Katrina's blouse and seductively raised it up and over her head, revealing a delicate, lacy bra. Cathy gasped at the sight of the beauty before her and began placing kisses over the exposed flesh as she unhooked and removed the bra.

Katrina's head was spinning with the influx of sensations. She moaned loudly as Cathy administered her soft and delicate kisses to her wanton flesh. As Cathy moved to her now exposed breasts, she arched her back in an attempt to press as much as she could into Cathy's warm and loving mouth. She delighted in the careful attention Cathy paid to her stiff nipples and almost jumped out of her skin when a small nip was applied. She wanted, no, needed this but hadn't let herself succumb to anyone's advances before tonight. The heavenly twinges rocketing through her body were beyond amazing, making her moan and squirm uncontrollably.

Cathy was enjoying the response from Katrina and continued to move her mouth further down, brushing her ribs with her hands as she moved. Arriving where Katrina's naked flesh met the top of her pants, Cathy rose up and removed them…all the while fixated on Katrina's eyes. She ran a single finger against the silk of Katrina's panties, causing her to throw her head back and squeal. Slowly, she slid the panties down, being sure to graze her thighs with her fingertips as she did. Once the obstacles were out of the way, Cathy gently but insistently opened Katrina's legs. 

Katrina found herself trembling in anticipation as Cathy ran her tongue along the inside of each thigh. She heard herself cry out; "Please!" when Cathy settled between her legs…her mouth inches away from her now sopping pussy. 

Cathy smiled as she placed her hand atop Katrina's pussy, pulling so as to reveal the clit that so desperately needed attention. She dipped her head and ran a flattened tongue along Katrina's slit, carefully avoiding her clit and resulting in a loud moan of longing. She slowly inserted two fingers into Katrina's hole, crossing them and eliciting more moans as Katrina began to buck her hips. Cathy started to plunge her fingers in and out before flicking Katrina's clit with her tongue. Instantly, Katrina's hands went to the back of Cathy's head…urging her on. Cathy increased her pace and enveloped Katrina's clit in her mouth, pulling at it with her lips and sucking it like a straw.

Katrina was in another world, climbing higher and higher to what she knew was going to be the climax of her life. She was speaking only in unintelligible grunts and groans when she felt Cathy's finger caressing her rosebud. It was when Cathy clamped down on her clit, though, that Katrina came violently…thrashing about and screaming loudly. 

Cathy struggled to hang on as she moved her mouth to collect Katrina's honey. She licked and sucked as Katrina rode out her orgasm and slowly returned to earth. Moving back up Katrina's body, she met her lips and their tongues danced passionately.

Without any warning, Katrina rolled Cathy over and tore at her clothes, determined to completely ravish her body. She pressed her mouth to Cathy's and forced her lips open…wanting to explore every crevasse she could find. Moving down to her chest, Katrina devoured Cathy's breasts…leaving not even an inch untouched by her mouth. Hungrily, she continued to kiss and lick her way to Cathy's now throbbing mound.

Cathy couldn't believe what was happening. This goddess who had seemed so distant and aloof was quickly bringing her to the heights of pleasure. She felt Katrina's lips opening her up, searching for that button of paradise, and moaned with uncontrollable pleasure when it was found. Katrina's talented lips and tongue wreaked havoc on Cathy's clit and it wasn't long before she exploded with a scream sure to be heard two blocks away.

The two spent the early morning hours entwined, sleeping deeply in an effort to recover from the intense pleasure they had each experienced. Over the course of the following months, they fell more and more in love with each other and finally decided that they should move in together.

It was following their discussion about moving in that Katrina had called and left her message on Cathy's voicemail. Fearing that her heart had once again been painfully broken, Cathy collapsed in a sobbing heap…not knowing what to think about Katrina's sudden change of heart. She lay on the cold tile floor crying endlessly, wishing she could come up with some way to change Katrina's mind. Perhaps she just wasn't meant to find happiness with another…maybe she was just destined to spend life alone.

She finally pulled herself off the floor and stumbled to bed, figuring that some sleep would bring some clarity to the situation. She told herself she'd try to give Katrina some sense of assurance tomorrow as she drifted off to sleep.

To Be Continued…..