 My name is Taila and I am 5ft. 9in. tall with long strawberry blonde hair and green/honey colored eyes. 

It was a Wednesday evening and I was at my local swimming pool which is half the size of an Olympic pool and has six lanes marked. I always used one of the middle lanes for about an hour for my workout. It's usually empty in the evening, so that's when I go. I love having it all to myself.

When I say the pool area was empty I meant even the lifeguard was gone. He had left a sign on his chair that read "Swim at your own risk." Don't get me wrong I love having the pool to myself and not have to worry about anyone, or anything, disturbing my swim practice.

I jumped off into the deep end of the swimming pool and glided under the water for as long as I could as I headed towards the shallow end. I had been doing this for about 10 laps when I decided to stop for a drink of water. I took my goggles and swim cap off and let my hair fall down to my shoulders in a ponytail.

It must have been about 8.30pm and I was about half way through my workout. I had just put my goggles and cap back on and dived to the bottom of the deep end while having my break from laps. The pool is only about 12 ft deep and when I got down there I sat down as best I could and stared up at the still water above me. I began to imagine fish swimming above me. A few seconds later my there was bubbles everywhere and the fish were gone. 

"Damn so much for being alone in the pool tonight." I thought to myself as I came back up for some air. 

I dived back into the pool one more time from the deep end to swim 2 more laps of the pool. As I got nearer and nearer the shallow end I noticed a figure standing in the water. I could see it was a woman and I could only see her from the neck down from under the water. I was getting aroused just looking at that magnificent body standing there in a red bikini and what looked like a great tan.

She had long slender legs and a slim stomach on her. Her boobs looked fantastic in that red bikini top. The more I stared at her the more my body as I got nearer the more I was curious to see her face. Me being bi curious didn't really help matters either my pussy was letting me know that I wanted her.

All of a sudden my head was filled with pain. It was as if it was slammed against a brick wall. I began to sink to the bottom of the shallow end of the pool like I had just been shot. As I sunk to the bottom I felt hands grabbing hold of me and pulling me up to the surface of the water. It was then that I realised that I must have hit my head against the wall while ogling the woman in the red bikini.

I felt such a fool for not realising just how close I was to the end of the pool and then to be rescued by someone. To say my face was as red as her bikini would have been an understatement. 

Now looking at her closer up I found that couldn't keep my eyes off her, she was gorgeous. As she wrapp ed her arms around me all I could do was stare at her lovely big boobs which were almost spilling out of her bikini top as she got my head above the water. 

"Are you ok?" asked the girl who just saved my life.

She looked even more amazing close up, I glanced up to see her long black hair was at least down to her lower back. I was now lost as I stared into her emerald green eyes.

"Wow that must have really hurt!" commented the girl, bringing me out of my trance.

I could now feel my face going crimson red as I began to blush uncontrollably from the embarrassment of not watching what I was supposed to be doing. And instead ogled the girl until I almost killed myself, "What a plonker." I thought.

As I lifted myself out the pool I became so insecure all of a sudden. My pale skin looked pathetic against her bronzed hot body. She looked like an Aztec goddess next to me. The only thing I had going for myself were my 38F breasts. As she helped pull me out of the pool I couldn't take my eyes of her boobs in her little red bikini top. They must have been at least 38dd.

"Hi, I'm Amanda." She beamed at me, as she held her hand out for me to shake.

"Hi, I'm Taila." I said as I took her hand and felt a bolt of electricity rush right threw me. 

"Don't worry, you will be fine. it's just a little bump." She said again as I raised my hand to feel the bump on my head.

All I could do was sit there with a kind of goofy smile on my face and stare at her.

I swear I caught her looking at my breasts for a second time but then she quickly looked away again.

"This sounds a little hard to believe, but as I saw you swimming it was as if you were being competitive. Would you like to race me?" She ask out of the blue.

"I used to be on the swim team when I was at school, I guess I haven't lost my competiveness. Yeah, sure I'll race you." I answered back.

"Just let me get my goggles." She laughed, hopping out of the pool and walking over to her sports bag.

This time it was her turn to catch me staring at her as she looked over her shoulder at me. Her tiny red bikini wasn't hiding much of her gorgeous body, my eyes almost popped out of my head as she bent over at the waist and her bikini bottoms clung to her like a second skin around her pussy.

I quickly snapped out of my trance and stood up waiting for her at the deep end of the pool as she walked over to me with a huge smile on her face. I slipped my goggles and cap back on tucking my hair into my cap. Amanda was now almost touching me as she stood next to me.

"How does 2 laps sound to you?" She asked flashing those white teeth of hers at me with that fantastic smile on her face. 

"OK on three...1, 2, 3." She shouted as she jumped in first.

I moved through the water just as fasts I could and by the end of the first lap I was level with her. Then Amanda kicked off the wall harder than me and was way out in front again. Try as I did I never caught her up again on the second lap.

"Holy shit! You are a fast swimmer." I acknowledged after catching my breath.

"Yeah so are you." Amanda replied.

"Well, I'm gonna do a couple of cool down laps before I get out of here." I said as I began to do the breast stroke away from her across the pool.

I usually hate losing but I couldn't help how turned on I was right now in Amanda's presence. I looked over to see her swimming in the lane next to me. Shit, I thought, I have to get out of here before I do something stupid and make a fool of myself. I didn't bother doing another lap. When I got out of the pool I turned to say "Bye" to her, but before I could say anythinh, she beamed that smile of hers at me and winked.

"Are you done already?" I heard her shout at me.

"Yeah I'm beat." I lied calling back to her.

"Awww ok, have a good night, Taila." She smiled, winking at me again.

What the hell did that mean I thought to myself? Is she into me or something?

I left the pool area and headed as fast as I could to the locker room. It was just as empty as the pool had been. I took my swimsuit off, grabbed my towel and headed for the showers. I couldn't believe I was so turned on by someone I didn't even know. Hell, I have never felt this turned on by anyone at all in my whole life as I was right now. And with it being another girl, even though I am bi, made it even more exciting.

Once under the shower I let the water flow over me as I fantacized about her perfect body right in front of me. I began to lose all sense and reached for my left breast. Something I would never have thought of doing in public, but this girl had me so turned on I just couldn't help myself.

As I massaged my boob my other hand snaked down my body and in between my legs and on to my pussy. I felt my fingers circle my clit as I pinched and tweaked my nipple hard. I pushed 2 fingers into my wet pussy and began to finger myself and called out for Amanda to fuck my pussy for me.

It felt so good with my fingers deep inside me while playing with my tit and the water cascading down on my turned on body. Before I knew it, or could stop myself, I was calling out Amanda's name, wanting her to fuck me with her fingers.

"You know, if you had wanted me, all you had to do was ask." came a voice from the other side of the shower room.

To say I was rooted to the spot in shock was an understatement. I tried to cover up as best I could with only my arms and hands. I was too late though. I was caught red... or should I say wet handed... by the most gorgeous girl I had ever seen.

"How much did you see and hear?" I blurted out shocked that she had caught me like this.

"Enough," Amanda said.

She then began to walk towards me and soon had her hands on my shoulders pushing me back against the shower wall. Amanda now had her hot wet body pressed up against me as her hands moved up and rested on my now heaving breasts. She then closed in and kissed me on the lips causing me to tremble in anticipation.

"You liked that didn't you?" She asked pulling away from me again with a hungry look on her face.

"Fuck, yes I do." I purred back, my breath now getting out of control.

I could now feel her nipples hardening in the palm of my hands. She threw her red bikini top up and off as I began to massage them. As she started kissing me again full on the lips, she slipped her tongue into my mouth. As she began kissing down my neck, I pulled the straps of her bikini top off her shoulders and down her arms exposing her perfectly formed breasts. I put my hands around them, squeezing her nipples and causing her to moan, as she kissed my neck between moans.

Amanda, trailed her tongue down my neck, between my tits, and then started licking and nibbling on my hardened nipples one at a time. The feeling of her tongue and the little nibbles were making my pussy wetter by the moment. As I rubbed up against her thigh, her other hand moved down over my tummy and down between my legs. Her fingers slipping onto my clit, as she twirled them around it.

"Oh Amanda, fuck me now please." I yelled out uncontrollably bucking on her hand.

"WOW, your pussy is so damned tight, Taila." Amanda smiled as she pushed three fingers into my sopping wet pussy.

She smiled as she thrust her fingers in and out of my cunt. I tried hard noet to cum all over them. Amanda saw what I was trying to do and moved down onto her knees to be face to face with my pussy. Sticking her tongue between my pussy lips she began to lick over my pussy up to my clit. She licked all around it and then sucked my clit into her mouth all the while fucking my pussy with her fingers. Suddenly she turned her fingers upwards and curled them up hitting my g-spot causing me to lose all control. 

"I'm gonna cum." I called out as she opened her mouth and placed it on my pussy as I filled it with my juices.

She swallowed it all holding on to me as I bucked at her face as I orgasmed. Then once I had stopped she stood up and shared an open mouth kiss with me letting me taste myself on her mouth.

"You tasted delicious Taila," Amanda whispered in my ear before smiling at me.

Without thinking I picked her up and she wrapped her legs around my waist. I walked us over to where a bench was next to the lockers and lay her down on it. I kissed her forcefully biting her bottom lip making her thrust her hips at me.

"You want my fingers inside you, don't ya?" I asked her as I brought her to the point of orgasm.

I ripped off her bikini bottoms and threw them behind me exposing her shaved pussy to me.

"WOW, I love your pussy" I gasped.

"Fuck it, stop talking and come here." Amanda said as she pulled me by the hair down to her and we kissed wildly again.

I pulled from her kiss and moved down her hot body, giving her little kisses and nibbles as I went down nearer and nearer to her cunt. Now face to face with her pussy I spread her legs as wide as I could and buried my tongue deep inside her. My fingers strummed her clit as I fucked her with my tongue.

Her juices filled my mouth and ran down my chin and onto my nipples as her orgasm ripped through her. As I fucked her with my tongue and fingers she came all over my face.

"Yes, yes, yes, fuck me! Taila, fuck me with that tongue of yours." She cried out as another orgasm raced through her and she squirted all over my face and body.

I returned the favor and thrust two fingers up inside her soaked pussy as she had done for me a few minutes ago. As her pussy tightened around my fingers I bent them upward and clamped on to her clit with my lips as I hit her g-spot making her explode all over me again.

"Oh fuck, fuck, fuck." Amanda cried out again as she squirted her juices all over me yet again.

I sat there on my knees as this girl I had only just met in the pool minutes ago was squirting her juices in my mouth and all over my face and body. She looked just as good as she tasted.

"Oh my god, that was so fucking amazing." She said, as her body and breathing came back down. She sat there in the shower room at the pool trembling all over.

"Fuck yeah! That sure was. " I smiled back at her with her juices still over my face.

Eventually, having rested a bit until we got out composure back, we got up and headed back into the shower hand in hand. While in the shower, we made out again.

"I hope we can do this again soon." Amanda said with a cheeky grin on her face.

"Hell yeah!" I replied watching her sachet out the door. I felt as good as she looked and that was pretty damn good.

The End.