 This story is intended for those over the age of 18. All characters are based upon the author's imagination. If you are easily offended by material of a sexual nature, please stop reading now. If not, enjoy! :) 

* * * *

It was turning out to be another busy night at work for Marie. Working in a department store during the holiday season was enough to test the patience of even a saint under normal circumstances. But today had been worse than normal. She had volunteered to work this extra day when one of the other girls had called out sick. In effect, she was working a double shift in a little less than twenty-four hours. Luckily, there was only three hours left, and she had the next day off. She was looking forward to some peace and quiet.

That all ended when she heard her name called over the intercom, asking her to report to the manager's office. "What could they want me for?" she wondered as she walked across the store. She wasn't due for her yearly evaluation, and she'd done a good job as the new accountant for the store. "Maybe they want to give me a raise," she thought inwardly, causing a slight smile to creep across her full red lips.

The smile quickly evaporated as she saw her immediate supervisor Holly sitting behind the manager's desk. Of all the people she'd had to deal with in the store over the past two years, she'd gotten along the worst with her. Standing roughly five and a half feet tall, pale green eyes, with long brunette hair that she kept tied up in a tight bun, Holly gave the impression of a strict supervisor. Marie preferred the word "bitch." After all, she wasn't the only woman in the store who didn't get along with Holly.

Holly waved to the seat across the desk. "Have a seat, Marie. There's something we need to discuss."

Once seated, Holly got up and walked around to the front of the desk. She perched herself on the corner of it, her skirt settling around her knees. Taking a long look at her, Marie thought that Holly might be considered a stunning woman, if her personality didn't suck so badly. 

"Do you enjoy working here?"

"Yeah. I mean, if I didn't, I wouldn't have stayed here for the last two years."

"And you've done a good job here in that time, right?"

"I'd like to think so, yes." Marie was beginning to wonder where this was going, but she was sure she wasn't going to like it.

"And you've never done anything that might cause you to be let go, have you?"

"No! Why in the world would I do that?"

Holly cocked her head slightly to the side, looking Marie straight in the eyes. "Are you sure?"

The way she said that made the little hairs on the back of her neck stand on end. "Yes, I'm sure."

Holly stood up and walked over to a television set on a cart in the corner. Turning the device on, she picked up the remote control and sat back down behind the desk. "Then I can't understand what you might call THIS." As if to emphasize the last word, Holly pushed the "play" button for the VCR under the set, causing a picture of the back stockroom area to appear. 

Marie couldn't stop a small gasp from escaping from her lips as she saw something that had happened over a month ago recorded on tape. Her hands covered her mouth as she saw herself and a male co-worker, Tom, kissing passionately in front of the stockroom desk. In short order, their clothes began to disappear as they stripped each other naked in their eagerness. She sat in shock as Holly allowed the tape to run for another few minutes, clearly showing the two fucking each other on top of the desk. When the screen went blank, Marie sat in silence, sure of what was to come next. 

"Imagine what I was thinking when I saw this," Holly said with disappointment evident in her voice. "Two of my best employees, using the back as their own little love nest. If this isn't grounds for being fired, I don't know what is." She turned to look at Marie. "And it's especially shocking as you're a 'happily' married woman with two kids."

Marie began to feel tears well up in the corners of her eyes. She was dead in the water, and was unable to do anything to defend herself.

Holly moved the chair forward, until she was as close to Marie as she could get with the desk between them. "Imagine what your husband would think if you not only lost your job, but he discovered that you'd been unfaithful..."

If it was possible, Marie's heart sank even further at the prospect. Shortly after she and Will, her husband, had gotten married some ten years ago, she'd had a one-night stand that he'd found out about. While he had forgiven her that one time, he had warned her that any future affairs would end their marriage. She doubted he'd forgive her THIS time. 

Bringing herself back to the present, she looked up and saw Holly sitting there with that damned self-satisfied grin that she wore when she was screwing somebody over. "FUCK YOU!" she wanted to scream in her face, but knew that she had to play it cool if she wanted to keep her job. Instead, she said, "I'm sorry. I don't know what else to say. It was a one-time thing, and I'd never allow it to happen again. I promise."

Holly shook her head slowly. "You know, I'm afraid that's not going to be enough. After all, it's not just you who's in trouble here. Tom is just as much in peril of losing HIS job right now." That thought chilled Marie even further.

"What can I do to make this right? I don't want to cost Tom his job! I mean, me getting fired is one thing. That's my own fault. But he's young and single yet, and I wouldn't want to be the cause of his being out, especially this time of year." 

"Seems to me that's he's a big boy, and fully accountable for his own actions, Marie."

"I know, I know." She was getting desperate now. There HAD to be a way out of this! "But there's got to be a way to atone for my mistakes. Maybe a couple of days off without pay, or a written reprimand."

Holly looked doubtful. "Somehow, when management sees this tape, I doubt any written punishment will be enough."

Marie decided to appeal to the personal side of her supervisor. "C'mon, Holly. I know you and I haven't exactly gotten along over the last couple of years. But there's GOT to be something you and I can work out."

"Are you suggesting that I should put MY job at risk too?"

"No! Not at all! I think I've done enough of that already. But do you REALLY have to show that to anyone in management? I'm sure you could just forget that it exists."

"In other words, hide it?"

"Exactly!"

Holly leaned forward, her eyes locked with Marie's. "And just why should I do that? Like you said, we haven't exactly gotten along since you started here..."

Marie was getting tired of playing her game. "Look, I begging you, as one woman to another, to let this go. I'll do anything you want."

Holly's eyes seemed to light up at the word "anything." "Are you so sure you want to say 'anything' Marie?"

Marie moved away from her, pushing as far back in her chair as possible. "Well, nothing illegal. I DO have kids to worry about."

Holly chuckled. "No, I'm not exactly into the jail scene myself." She sat back and crossed her legs, allowing her hands to run back and forth along them. She closed her eyes, letting Marie sweat for a minute or two. When she did look back at her, she had an evil glint to them. "Well, there IS something I have in mind..."

Marie jumped at the opening, placing her hands flat out on the desktop. "You name it, and it's yours!"

Holly reached out and placed her hands over the other pair, staring deep into her employee's eyes. "I want YOU."

After a moment's silence, Marie urged, "For...?"

Holly started to caress the fingers beneath hers. "No, you don't understand. I...WANT...YOU."

As Holly's gaze began moving over Marie's body, the younger woman finally got the picture. She pulled her hands away from Holly's, crossing her arms over her chest. She suddenly felt very exposed dressed only in a tank top and tight pair of bluejeans, with her work smock covering her to some extent. "Holly, I'm not into that sort of thing!"

Holly nodded. "Sure you're not," she cooed sarcastically. "That's what most women say in public. But we all have that secret desire to find out what it's all about..."

Marie shook her head emphatically. "No, I mean it! Will has tried to convince me to try that, and it's never worked. I just don't find other women attractive!"

Holly sighed, and extracted the tape out of the machine. "That's too bad. I guess I have no choice then to go turn this in, then."

As she began to move towards the door, Marie nearly screamed, "WAIT!" Holly turned and cocked her head. "Yes? You have something to say?"

Marie was trapped, and was getting sick with every second that passed by. "Holly, isn't there anything else I could do? ANYTHING?"

"Marie, I find you extremely sexy, and have wanted you ever since your initial interview. I'm afraid that's the only thing that could keep me quiet." She noticed that the other woman was about to break out in tears, so she moved over and sat on the edge of the desk. "Look, I can see this is a very tough decision for you to make. Tell ya what: I'll give you until the end of your shift in three hours. By that time, I want an answer. If you don't accept by then, you might as well clear out your personal effects." She reached out and cupped Marie's face in her hands. "Trust me, Mar. I might seem like a bitch here, but I'm an extremely gentle and caring person at heart. We could make each other feel sooo damned good. Just think about it, and let me know." With that, she turned and headed out the door, leaving Marie alone with her thoughts.

*****

"What the FUCK am I supposed to do?" she whined. Marie was sitting at the rear lunch table with Tom and their best friend at work, Tina. She'd just finished telling them everything, including Holly's blackmail offer.

Tom was still struggling with the news that they'd been caught on tape. "I don't know. I just can't believe she's doing this!"

Marie hung her head and leaned it on her arms, which were crossed on the table. "What do you expect from the bitch?"

Tina giggled. "I just can't believe you guys did it in the store room! Didn't you ever think someone might catch you?"

Tom shook his head. "Looks like neither one of us was thinking much at the time, Tina."

"Dammit!" Marie said as she slammed her hand down on the table. "What she's doing is sexual harassment! Can't I bring her up on charges?"

"Who do you think they're gonna believe?" Tina asked. "After all, she's got the tape. Once she shows that to either of the managers, they'll just think you're making something up to save your job."

Marie began to cry. Tom moved over and held her in his arms. "Look, Marie, don't worry about me. I'll just go out and get another job. I can't make you suffer through this."

"No! Tom, you're up for a promotion to supervisor after the holidays! You've worked too hard and too long to give it all away now!"

"And just how do you suppose I'll keep my job now, with that tape in her hands? Unless you're gonna give IN to her shit!!"

"Do you think she might be bluffing?" Tina asked. "I have a hard time believing even SHE could be that cold!"

Marie looked up. "Oh, trust me, she's dead serious. She's got something in mind that she wants. You know what happens when she's like that. She either gets her way, or she becomes a bitch. No, she's all too serious about this."

After a few more minutes of silence, Tina spoke up again. "You know, it might not be all that bad..."

Tom shot her a dirty look. "Are you kidding me? Do you honestly expect Marie to do something that's she's completely against?"

"Nooo... but being with another woman is actually pretty exciting."

Tom snorted. "Oh, like you'd know!"

"Actually, I do."

Both Marie and he stared at Tina. "You're kidding!" Marie finally said.

"Nope. It was about three years ago. Me and this girl Jennifer were working in 'Victoria's Secret' in the mall. All day long, we were constantly dealing with bitchy women. Finally, one day, a guy came into the store. He asked for some help getting some lingerie for his wife for their anniversary. We did, with me even going so far as to model for him, as I'm almost the same size as his wife. He bought a ton of stuff, and gave us a huge tip, something like $100 to split between the two of us. After he was gone, I went into the dressing room to get redressed. Next thing I know, Jenn's hand were all over my body. I'll admit, modeling bras and panties had gotten me all worked up, so I was ready for just about anything. At that point, I had NO problem getting 'busy' with her. And let me tell YOU, it was a blast! I've never come so hard in my life!"

Tom's jaw hung open. Marie just shook her head. "I would never have guessed that you'd do something like that, Tina. I mean, you've never given any idea that you're into women too!"

"Well, before that, I hadn't been. But, since then, I've thought about from time to time. But I just haven't found anyone I'd trust enough with my little 'secret'. But it was a blast, Mar."

"Wow!" was Tom's response. "This is all going on around me, and I'm oblivious to it all!" He chuckled. "Hey, maybe Tina should take your place, Marie. Or you could both take her on."

"Men!" Marie exclaimed. "You're just like my husband, a pig!"

He put his hands up. "Hey, I was only kidding! Don't bite my head off!"

Tina rubbed her chin. "You know, that's not such a bad idea, Marie. I'd be willing to take her on for you. I'd give her a licking that she'd NEVER forget!"

Marie laughed. "You know, I believe you would. But I couldn't punish you like that. This is my problem to deal with."

Tina shrugged. "That's up to you. Just keep it in mind, 'cause I'm serious."

"I know, and I appreciate it." She sighed and closed her eyes. "I don't get it? What does she see in me? There are plenty of younger, prettier girls here. Why would she want ME?"

"Because you're a damned sexy woman," Tom answered.

"You bet you are!" Tina chimed in.

Hearing her best friends say that, she began to blush furiously. Standing just over five feet tall, she kept herself in pretty good shape. Her stomach had flattened back out after having the kids, emphasizing her ample 36c chest. She wore her hair short, but stylishly, coloring it red once a month, which she was told nicely offset her blue eyes. "Thanks guys. I appreciate the kind words. But it still doesn't solve anything." She looked up at the clock. "And I only have about ninety minutes to give her an answer."

Tina gazed off into the corner. "You know, you'll probably think I'm crazy, but I think you should do it."

"You're right. I DO think you're nuts!"

"But what would be so bad about it? Despite her shitty personality, she IS a beautiful woman."

"You've got to be kidding me! The very idea of her touching me makes me sick to my stomach."

"Why?"

Marie frowned. "What do you mean, why?"

"Why? Despite the fact that she's a woman, there would be no difference in her touch. In fact, being a woman, she might even make you feel better than most guys."

"Have you lost your mind?"

Tina got up and walked around the table until she was standing in front of her friend. "Stand up," Tina ordered.

"Why?"

"Just trust me and stand up."

She sighed and stood, her body less than a few inches from Tina's. At five feet two, Tina wasn't much taller than Marie, but she was thinner, with a slim body and smaller breasts. Her blonde hair flowed down her back, which gave her almost a waifish look. "There. Now what?"

Tina shrugged her shoulders, taking her smock off. "Take yours off too."

"This is crazy," she said, but humored her friend. The air was cool in the room, and she could feel her nipples starting to harden, pushing against the thin material of her red-striped tank top. "Probably giving Tom a nice view," she thought absently. "OK, what now?"

"Close your eyes and trust me."

With a skeptical look, she did as asked. For a few seconds, there was no sound, except for their breathing. Then, as if from out of nowhere, she felt fingers reach out and touch the side of her breasts. Her eyes flew open and she was about to yell at Tina, but the blonde woman cut her off. 

"Trust me. Now, close your eyes again, and relax."

"Yeah, fat chance," she thought silently. Again, nothing happened for a few seconds, then she felt Tina's hands on each breast, lightly tracing the contour of them. Despite being uncomfortable with this, she had to admit her friend's touch was nice.

Slowly, almost without her noticing, the fingers began to move inwards, moving in soft, gentle circles until Marie felt her nipples being caressed through her shirt. With a soft gasp that surprised her, she felt a jolt of lightning shoot out from those spots, running to connect with the warmth beginning to form between her legs. Her breathing began to increase as Tina expertly teased her. She could feel the tension leave her body, as she became quickly aroused. 

Then, just as abruptly as it had started, it stopped. It took a second, but she finally opened her eyes to see Tina standing in front of her, a red flush covering her cheeks. "See?" Tina asked in a whisper. "I know you would like that."

Without thinking, Marie asked, "Why did you stop?"

Smiling, Tina put her jacket back on. "Because, if I hadn't, you'd have a female tongue between your legs by now, Mar. And if I'm gonna do that to you, it'll be in private, back at my house. " She tilted her head towards Tom, who was sitting in shock with a huge smile on his face. "Without an audience," she added with a giggle.

"No fair!" Tom pouted, which caused both women to laugh.

*****

An hour and a half later, Holly's office door opened and Marie stepped in. With a flutter in her stomach, she watched the younger woman walk in and sit down across from her.

"Not that I'm too happy with it but... Ok, I'll do it," Marie managed to croak out. "BUT, I want the tape now, before this happens."

Despite the fact that she was overjoyed with the news, Holly shook her head. "Sorry, not until AFTER we're done."

Marie's eyes closed down to slits. "How do I know I can trust you to keep your word, and NOT make copies?"

Holly looked honestly hurt. "Look, I might be a bitch most of the time, but I'm honest to my word. I promise that you'll have the only copy of the tape."

After a moment's thought, Marie nodded. "Alright. How do you want to do this?"

Struggling not to clap and jump up and down, Holly wrote down her address and phone number on a post-it note. "This is my place. I know you have off tomorrow during the day, and your kids are in school, so come over about ten or so. After all, I don't want your husband asking you where you're off to. He might start wondering if something is going on."

Getting pissed off, Marie snatched the note off of the desk and started walking out of the office. She had her hand on the doorknob when she heard Holly again. "Oh, and Marie? If I don't think you're trying your best and enjoying it, the tape will be in the manager's office by the next morning. Understand?"

Without a word, Marie just glared at Holly and walked out.

To Be Continued...  

Let me know what you think.