 "I've got a wild one for you tonight, Bel!"

"Hi, Margie!" The black jailer looked up from the novel she had only just started reading but was already bored with. "What have you got for me?"

"Public intoxication. Her boyfriend was pulled over for D.U.I. He's being booked next door." At that point the female police officer pulled into view her protesting female blonde prisoner so that Bella could see her for the first time. "This one wouldn't have been charged at all except that she couldn't keep her big mouth shut during her boyfriend's arrest."

Bella took a good look at the handcuffed girl that officer Margie Carson held firmly in her grasp. She was quite pretty, her age in the low twenties, with silky shoulder-length hair now askew, a beautiful face with slightly smeared lipstick, and a sexy, slender body clad in a very short, rumpled pink mini-dress with matching high-heeled pumps. She struggled ineffectively in the policewoman's grasp.

"I didn't do anything," the girl blurted out in an angry voice that was pleasant to listen to nonetheless. "This is bullshit! Fucking pigs!"

"See what I mean?" Margie commented. "She was like this from the time we pulled them over till we read her boyfriend his rights. We gave her at least a dozen warnings before slapping on the cuffs. She's all yours now."

"Thank you so much," Bella responded good naturedly, staring at the beautiful blonde girl soon to be turned over into her possession.

Bella herself wasn't exactly hard on the eyes. She was an athletically built, thirty-something black woman who had worked here at the Huerfano County Jail's women's wing for just over six months now. It was a boring job. Because it was only a small jail, and because so few women were arrested, she usually worked solo with nobody around the entire night. Tonight had started out as no exception. Until now, that is. 

"C'mon, honey," she said, firmly taking the pretty blonde girl by the arm as officer Margie Stallings unlocked the girl's handcuffs and gently pushed her through the security door where the cells were located. "Welcome to your home for the rest of the night."

"Fucking bitch," the blonde girl mumbled as officer Margie hasily departed the building to return to her patrol car. Bella and the girl were now alone in the corridor leading to the drunk tank and the other cells.

"OK, that's enough of that," Bella calmly told the girl, grasping her firmly by the arm. The girl resisted only slightly, staring uncertainly at the black woman jailer. Her eyes continued to show anger, but also some uncertainty as to what the remainder of the night held in store for her.

"First time in jail?" Bella inquired. She couldn't help noticing that this girl was not just attractive; she was exceptionally beautiful. Her eyes glanced from the girl's pretty eyes, to her gorgeous pouty mouth, down to her lush breasts, and further on down to the sensual curves of her hips, and those two long, slender legs. Bella thought she looked a little bit like a Jessica Simpson clone. 

"This is bullshit," the girl mumbled defiantly, unintentionally wiggling her ass as she turned away from the jailer to face the wall. "I wasn't driving. I was just a passenger."

"Yeah, and according to the report you cussed out the arresting officers repeatedly, even after they warned you several times to shut up."

"Since when is cussing against the law?" the girl said sullenly. "Besides, they deserved it."

"Well, they're gone now, and it's just you and me," Bella told her. "So we might as well be friends, right?"

"Fuck you, bitch," was the girl's surprising retort. She looked over her shoulder at Bella, expectantly.

Bella smiled. This girl was certainly a feisty one. Normally she would have simply pushed her into the drunk tank to sleep it off, but now a new idea formed in her mind. If this pretty thing wanted to act the bitch then this just might be an ideal time to educate her that there were serious consequences regarding her actions. Consequences that might prove enjoyable to both women.

"What's your name, sweet thing?" she inquired of the girl.

"I don't have to talk to you," was all she got back in response. "I want my lawyer."

"All in good time, sweetie." Bella smiled again. "But tonight you're mine. All mine."

The girl again turned her back to her, and faced the wall.

Bella decided to have some fun. It would certainly break the monotony of the evening. Chances are, this was going to be the only female inmate she'd have to worry about tonight, and without doubt the most attractive. A perfect opportunity to teach a pretty white girl a strict lesson in etiquette.

"You're a mess," she stated, turning the girl around. "I think you need a shower before I book you into your cell."

"That's bullshit," the girl protested. "I showered only a few hours ago before my date..." She attempted to pull away from Bella's grasp. That was a mistake.

Bella was much stronger than her. She pushed the girl's face to the wall. It was obvious that the pretty blonde didn't have the strength to resist her.

"Hold still," Bella ordered, slapping the girl sharply on her pretty ass. "Hands against the wall while I search you for weapons."

"I don't have any..." the girl started to protest, but then Bella again slapped her ass. The girl moaned and stood still.

"Keep quiet," Bella ordered, and proceeded to run her hands up and down the girl's slender form in a pretense of a body search. She spent extra time squeezing and fondling the girl's lovely breasts and especially her delicious, curvy ass. Her hands then travelled down those two incredibly long legs, slowly down and then up again, pulling up the girl's mini-dress to end up fondling her incredibly hot, panty-covered butt.

"Butterfly underwear," she murmured. "I like that." She gave the girl's ass a pinch.

The girl flinched, but didn't resist. In fact, Bella had the impression that she somewhat enjoyed it by the way she then arched her back as the search continued, showing off her gorgeous behind to its best advantage. The black jailer smiled. This was going better than expected.

"Let's get you cleaned up," Bella told her, turning her around, her dark eyes meeting the girl's as she stared into their blue depths. The girl stared back at her questioningly, somewhat fearfully, but also with a touch of arousal, as though she wanted to ask for something but was afraid to.

Bella understood. She was enjoying this. She normally didn't like spending time with the kind of women typically arrested and brought here, but this one was certainly different. Bella had secretly enjoyed looking at pictures of pretty white girls before, but didn't consider herself to be a lesbian. The opportunities to engage in lesbian sex had presented themselves several times before, as hookers had made her offers which she had instantly rejected. But this time was different. Never before had she actually wanted to act on her secret urges regarding pretty women. Especially a pretty white girl like this one.

"Take off your clothes," she ordered, as they approached the shower room. The girl hesitantly complied. "Slowly... we're not in a race here." Bella stared in appreciation as the skimpy dress came off, revealling first smooth soft shoulders, pert breasts, a sexy tummy, curvy supple hips, a trimmed blonde vagina, gorgeous long legs, all part of an overall well-toned and curvy body with very soft, silky skin.

Normally, inmates could shower here without further interference, but a steel bar had been affixed over the showerhead for those women too drunk or antagonistic to wash themselves. This girl was currently in neither of those categories, but Bella decided it was a good time to employ the bar anyway for her own reasons.

"Arms up," she ordered the girl. "I'm handcuffing your wrists to that overhead bar. I'm washing you myself."

The now-nude girl hesitated only for a second, then obeyed without question. The cuffs clicked and she now stood helpless, her arms up over her head, and her beautiful body awaiting Bella's pleasure. Bella smiled, and began removing her own clothes.

"No use me getting my uniform all wet," she muttered, as she stepped out of her clothing.

The girl flinched as Bella turned on the water, adjusting it to a pleasant warm spray. Bella's black hands then started travelling freely up and down the pretty blonde's smooth, silky wet skin. The girl moaned softly as the black woman's hands made their journey.

"You like this, don't you?" Bella asked her. The girl didn't answer.

Slap! Bella's hand descended upon her curvy ass.

"Yes, ma'am," she replied in a little girl's voice, very different from the loud yelling she'd engaged in earlier this evening.

"Have you ever been bathed by a woman before?" Bella asked.

"No, ma'am."

"Ever had a black woman caress your body like this?"

"No, ma'am."

"But you enjoy it, don't you?"

The girl nodded, and arched her lovely ass out as Bell's hands caressed, squeezed, and fondled its silky smoothness. Bella couldn't resist it. She then dropped down onto her knees, proceeding to lick and kiss the gorgeous globes of silky flesh that met her eyes.

The girl responded by moaning loudly. She'd never before experienced another woman worshipping her derriere, but found out instantly that she loved it.

"You've been a very bad girl tonight, haven't you?" Bella asked the pretty blonde between kisses.

"Yes, ma'am," the girl responded, almost whispering.

"Louder. I can't hear you."

Bella bit down with her teeth on the girl's soft round ass, and the pretty blonde responded, jumping slightly with a yelp. Bella stoop up, her hands sliding up and down the girl's body, eventually gripping the girl by her breasts as their bodies pressed tightly together.

"Ma'am," the girl bleated. "Yes, ma'am."

"Wiggle your ass for me," Bella ordered, as she grinded the girl from behind. The girl instantly obeyed, the two women entwined together in a sensual motion as the warm water continued streaming down over their writhing bodies, now together as one.

Bella then reached for the soap and began to lather the girl, her dark hands sliding smoothly over the silky golden skin. She liked the way her black hands looked on the girl's white rump as she gripped it tightly, her fingernails digging in, eliciting another moan from the pretty blonde.

Slap! She couldn't resist spanking that gorgeous behind poised so seductively before her. Slap! Slap! Slap! The girl wiggled back and forth, her sexy behind swaying seductively, showing clearly that she was enjoying this experience as much as Bella.

"What's your name, sweet thing?" Bella asked the girl.

"Traci," came the somewhat dazed reply. "Traci Tolliver, ma'am."

"Good girl," Bella said. "Let's finish this shower now. I've got some other things to show you about my little jail, Traci."

With that, she continued washing the girl's lovely body, the occasional fondling and licking continuing as before. When both women were completely clean to her satisfaction, Bella unlocked the girl's handcuffs, freeing her arms from the overhead bar. But this freedom was only momentarily as Bella then unexpectedly turned the girl around and once again cuffed her arms, this time behind her back. She then gently pushed the blonde girl down onto her knees.

"You now have to finish cleaning me, Traci," she ordered, pulling the girl's head toward her clit so that the girl could service her with that lovely red mouth.

The pretty blonde started to protest, but a yank on her hair was enough to convince her that there was no way out of this. The dominant black female guard who stood before her was definitely in charge here, so Traci proceeded to begin licking the black pussy pressed against her pretty mouth. 

Bella moaned her pleasure. She was enjoying this. And considering that this young girl was licking another woman's pussy for the first time ever it really wasn't half bad. Bella's hand tightly held the young blonde's head firmly in place as she serviced her. Bella came to a full orgasm shortly thereafter.

"Very nicely done," she exclaimed, releasing the girl's head, her own head then bending down to kiss Traci on her upturned lips. She tasted herself on them, and then pulled the girl to her feet allowing the still running water to wash clean the girl's lovely face. "Good girl," she said, softly stroking her.

Bella grabbed a towel and quickly dried herself off. She then took another towel and slowly dried off the beautiful, still hand-cuffed girl shivering before her. Traci stared at Bella with an almost worshipful expression as the black woman affectionately patted and dried her off with the towel.

Both women were still nude as Bella then lifted the submissive blonde bodily and carried her off into an adjoining cell with a bed.

"I have one more lesson I want to give you, Traci," she told the girl as she gently set her down onto her feet. "Life behind bars isn't all soapy showers and soft caresses."

At this point she again unlocked the girl's handcuffs holding her wrists behind her back, and then re-locked them in front of her, this time to the bars just above the girl's head. Slap! She again spanked that gorgeous ass before leaving the cell. Traci immediately thrust her ass out to receive her punishment. Slap! Slap! Slap!

Bella then left the cell. When she returned a couple of minutes later, Traci gasped to see that the black woman jailer was now wearing a black strap-on dildo. She stared into Bella's eyes pleadingly.

"Yes, my pretty girl, that's right. I'm now going to fuck you with this," Bella murmured, smiling. "Turn towards the bars, facing them, and stick that gorgeous white rump of yours out for me."

Traci obediently did as she was told, but a nervous protesting whine escaped her lips as she provocatively arched her back, exposing ber behind out for the older woman's pleasure."

Bella laughed and gave it a quick slap as she positioned herself behind the girl, mounting her, her strong black hands gripping the soft flesh of Traci's supple, white, silky ass. The pretty blonde yelped as the lubed strap-on dildo slid into her.

And then the fucking began.

Traci had never before been taken in this fashion, and certainly not by another woman, especially not a black woman. But she also discovered that the experience thrilled her, turning her on more than she thought possible. She sensually wiggled her ass to the motion of Bella's grinding of her from behind, enjoying the feel of the black woman's powerful hands on her exposed, surrendered bottom.

Slap! Slap! Slap! Bella proceeded to spank the lovely ass as she fucked it. She, too, was enjoying this novel experience of fucking a beautiful white girl from behind. The fact that the white girl was also handcuffed and helpless only added to her overall enjoyment. Traci, meanwhile, moaned softly and repeatedly throughout her ordeal. 

Both women came to a climax simultaneously. Bella sighed, and then pulled the girl close to her, kissing the back of the pretty blonde's neck as she whispered words of affection, seconds later pulling the dildo slowly out of her captive's gorgeous behind. Bella's lips then trailed down over the girl's bare back and then slowly down her spine to that soft round kissable rump. This she licked and nibbled between kisses, eliciting even more moans from the exhausted blonde. Her tongue then found the girl's crack, pushing forcibly inside to where the dildo had been only seconds earlier. With her tongue she licked and soothed the girl's abused behind. Before getting back up she playfully bit Traci's reddened ass and then again slapped it. It was just too much to resist.

Traci's handcuffs were again unlocked, only this time Bella didn't re-lock them. Instead she lead the girl over to a bed and pulled her down onto it. Both women laid there together, the older black woman caressing and fondling the pretty younger blonde's body. She sucked and licked the girl's breasts and kissed them passionately. 

"Did you like being fucked by a black woman?" Bella asked the girl.

"Yes, ma'am," Traci responded. "I... I loved it."

"You're going to behave youself in the future then?" Bella asked.

Traci looked confused. "I... I don't know," she replied. "I want to please you, ma'am, but it seems to me I'll need to get myself locked up here again to do that."

Bella laughed, kissing the pretty blonde hard on the lips. They continued the passionate kissing for several minutes more. 

"I guess we'll have to find another way to keep your pretty ass out of here, then, while at the same time still giving it plenty of loving attention." Here she bent down and licked the girl's rump once more. "Maybe I'll have to assign you to a voluntary work detail here... How's next Saturday night."

Traci's eyes widened.

"Yes, ma'am! Yes, please!"

Bella laughingly turned the girl over and again playfully slapped her gorgeous ass.