 Two months had gone by since Penny had met Ashley in the Sexual Attractions Boutique located in the Victorian Building in Sydney, Australia, where she had gone to buy some very sexy lingerie to go out with her husband Mark for a night on the town. She had an instant attraction to Ashley because of her alluring beauty as well as her well-endowed figure. Penny had been so sensually attracted and aroused with Ashley that she became wet between her legs and found it difficult to take her eyes off Ashley's deep cleavage as her breasts rose and fell with each breath.

Penny was so lost in admiring Ashley's body she had to get Penny's attention by softly clearing her throat. 

It was during Penny's trying on the black, sexy lingerie she had selected with Ashley's help that Ashley came onto her, telling her she saw how turned-on Penny had been with her since she first entered the store and was greeted by her, asking how she could help Penny.

Ashley, too, had become sexually aroused as she helped Penny get out of all her clothes until she was standing before her completely nude. She was enchanted with Penny's lovely face that was framed with long, black hair; her large, full breasts capped with dark crimson areolas and large nipples; her chest that went to her middle where her Arabesque abdomen was encircled with a line that separated her top from her bottom; her round, full hips that matched the size of her breasts, 38 D; her sculptured, round thighs that tapered to her well defined calves that ended at her feet; and her "V" that was covered with thick, black pubic hair. Ashley saw in Penny a living statue of a Greek goddess. 

With this vision of loveliness before her, Ashley's libido became sexually enflamed as she knelt before Penny that had her looking directly into Penny's hairy pussy where she smelled the faint fragrance of her musk. She also felt wet between her legs and knew her crotch was damp with her lubrication. 

Ashley, being a lesbian, wanted to make love with Penny then and there even though she didn't know her sexual orientation and had a husband, but there was a strict policy with Sexual Attractions Boutique that anyone caught having sexual contact with a customer was summarily fired on the spot no matter what her position. Since Ashley didn't want to jeopardize her position with the boutique as Manager of the all female sales staff, she had raised herself from her kneeling position only to face Penny and feel her large breasts pressing against her own whose nipples, by then, were hard and erect. In this excited condition, Penny couldn't help seeing Ashley's nipples pressing against her white blouse that she wore under her business jacket she had taken off and hung on a hook inside the dressing room before she began to help her into her lingerie.

While Ashley was looking into Penny's eyes, she whispered if she would like to go with her to a private lingerie party at one of her friend's homes where there would be several other women.

Penny was at first hesitant, but the thought of being alone with other women, especially Ashley, at a lingerie party sounded exciting, and it was something she had never done. She also remembered Ashley had told her in addition to the lingerie show in which all participated there would be extra activities about which she did not elaborate. However, Penny's mind was so full of erotic images that she finally told Ashley she would love to go with her to the lingerie party. Deep down inside Penny saw this as an opportunity to satisfy her being bi-curious, having been of late very attracted to women.

There was one problem, however. That Friday her husband Mark had planned to take her to dinner at a fancy restaurant in city centre Sydney, The Aqua Luna Restaurant, not far from the harbour. Fortunately this had not presented much of a problem. Penny told him about meeting Ashley in the boutique, how they had hit it off so well, and that Ashley had invited her to their once-a-month Friday night lingerie party at one of her friend's homes. Although Mark was disappointed the whole evening he had planned for the two of them would be cut short, he, nevertheless, seldom stopped Penny from doing things she enjoyed.

Not to make the whole evening a disaster, Penny told her husband Mark she had invited Ashley to join them at the restaurant where they could meet one another, and then Mark would go home while she and Ashley would go to the lingerie party, Ashley promising Mark to take good care of Penny and that she would drive her home after the party was over.

The lingerie party was more than a success, and, as expected, besides modeling different kinds of lingerie, the evening ended in a wild sex orgy with Penny standing on the large, leather sofa and sitting on Ashley's face until she shot her cum all down her throat and over her face.

Their evening ended with a tender, loving kiss and a mutual agreement that it was not going to be the end of their relationship even though Penny would remain married to Mark. 

Therefore, Penny met Ashley once a week at her apartment in the city where they shared the joys of Sapphic love, eating one another's pussies until they were satiated with explosive orgasms. Their time together always ended just lying in bed; talking; running their fingers over parts of their bodies; sharing tender kisses; and affirming their love for one another. 

That was the way it continued until one day while Ashley and Penny were at her apartment, she made a suggestion to Penny.

"Penny, I have a friend who owns a photography studio. Her name is Crystal. She is always on the lookout for new models. Presently she is looking for a full- figured woman such as yourself with large breasts and proportionally built to model lingerie of all kinds but, in particular, a low, revealing corset that squeezes and uplifts the breasts so there is alot of cleavage showing and that fits tightly down to the waist where it ends a little above the pubic area but has very shear lace covering it. It was secured in the back with hook-and-eye that meant someone had to help put it on the other woman. There was also a very high cut G-String that allows the ass cheeks to be quite visible. This corset Crystal has in mind is purple/black with a widow's waist that has the look of the 19th Century. The Victorian look. The photos are for a special female client who publishes a woman's fashion magazine, and she wants photos that are sensual and erotic for her up-and-coming-Fall catalogue. 

"When Crystal told me the kind of woman she was looking for, I immediately thought of you, Penny. You certainly are a tall, full-figured woman with ample breasts and round hips. I believe Crystal would certainly be interested in you," said Ashley.

Penny felt both embarrassed and uneasy as she listened to Ashley tell her what this friend of hers wanted and that Ashley thought she would fit the bill. The lingerie party was a revelation unto itself for Penny, and although she enjoyed herself immensely, she had never imagined going public as it were by modeling for a fashion magazine that would be seen by thousands or hundreds-of-thousands.

Moments of silence passed while Penny mulled it over until Ashley broke into Penny's thoughts.

"Well, what do you think, Penny? Would you like to become a model whose face and body will be seen by thousands?" Ashley added with a smile.

"I'm not sure, Ashley. The home lingerie party was one thing, but this is something so different. And what about Mark? What would he say?" asked Penny.

"Penny, you are your own woman. Aren't you?" asked Ashley. "And you often make your own decisions without Mark's permission. Right?"

"Yes," Penny answered.

"And what I know of Mark just from that first time we met at the restaurant, I'd say he is a very understanding husband who more or less wants you to live your own life. Look how he let you interrupt your planned evening together so you could go with me to the lingerie show and enjoy yourself," said Ashley.

"That's true," said Penny. "So, I guess the decision is mine to make."

"Yes, it's your decision to make, Penny, and what is your decision? I personally think you ought to take Crystal up on her offer. Seldom does a photographer pick a new face for such a special and important shoot as this one. But she said she wanted someone new. Someone fresh. Someone whose face and body had not been seen in countless other fashion magazines already," said Ashley. "And don't forget, you will be paid quite well for doing this shoot."

Penny had never given the thought about being paid money for her modeling and being photographed for a successful fashion magazine. However, beyond the money she would earn, she knew all of what Ashley had said made perfect sense to her, and yet still with some trepidation she said, "Well, I did enjoy modeling the lingerie at the lingerie party at your friend's home. Not to mention, of course, that wild sex orgy we had afterwards."

Ashley grinned and answered Penny enthusiastically, "That's great. Penny! I don't think you'll regret your decision. And I think you'll have lots of fun doing it, being as you will be caught in the limelight! And that's exactly what you'll be. You'll be the centre of attraction, and all eyes will be on you."

Still trying to convince herself, Penny said, "I hope so, Ashley. I hope so."

"Okay then. Let's get you to Crystal's studio and introduce you to her. Then she can explain in detail what she wants of you," Ashley said as she took Penny by the arm and led her out of her apartment.

They got into Ashley's Jaguar, and with the familiar purr of the engine answering to the speed of the car, Ashley drove down to city centre where Crystal's photography studio was located on Alison Street in Surry Hill. Ashley parked her car in front of Crystal's photography studio that had her name printed in large letters on the glass of the front door.

Ashley went around to the passenger's side and helped Penny out of her seat and closed the door behind her. 

Penny looked at the studio, and in the windows she saw photos on easels, displaying some of Crystal's work so passersby could look at them. This was a way of instant, free advertisement. Most of the photos were of individuals or couples; however, there were a few of women in lingerie, the non-revealing kind.

Ashley opened the door to a ringing bell, and a salesgirl looked up at Ashley and Penny.

"May I help you with something?" she asked quietly.

Ashley answered her. "Yes, you may. We are here to see Crystal. Would you go into the back and tell her Ashley is here with someone I think she'd want to meet."

"Yes, Mam," the salesgirl answered.

"I hate it when someone calls me 'Mam.' hissed Ashley.

"I know what you mean," Penny agreed. 

No sooner had Penny answered Ashley's comment when Crystal came out from the back where she had all of her equipment set up for taking photos, either she or one of her assistants, but it was she who took the really important photo shoots such as the one for the popular lingerie fashion magazine. 

Crystal was a woman about forty-four years old whose greying hair at the temples highlighted her raven black hair that she wore short around her ears and in the back. She did not want her hair to get in the way of her work. 

She was a short, small woman, about five feet four inches tall and a little less than nine stones (a stone = 14 lbs), 126 pounds. Despite her black hair, Crystal was fair of face with dark eyebrows, and she had unusually light grey eyes, a dainty nose that was quite straight, and medium sized lips. Her lips; however, were actually quite sexy.

The rest of her was rather normal: medium sized breasts, narrow waist, proportioned hips, and legs to match her short height.

With a broad smile on her face and arms outstretched, she reached for Ashley's hands.

"Ashley, Darling, it's so good to see you. It's been far too long since we last saw one another," Crystal beamed.

"You are absolutely right, Crystal. Far too long. And if it weren't for this lovely creature by my side, it most likely would have been longer," Ashley agreed.

Knowing Ashley was a confirmed lesbian, she asked, "My, my, she is a pretty one, Ashley. Are you and she a couple?"

Without hesitation Ashley answered, "Yes, Crystal, Penny and I are a couple. Have been for the last two months. However, Penny is bi who has a husband and a child."

"No matter. I envy you, Ashley. Penny looks absolutely delicious," Crystal said. "I wouldn't mind being with her myself."

"Penny is free to do whatever she wants and with whomever she wants. She is her own woman," Ashley said. "It is the same for me."

"So tell me, what brings you here to me then, Ashley? Do you want a threesome?" Crystal chuckled but deep down inside she was hoping Ashley would say "yes" to the threesome.

"Well, I'm here, Crystal, because I've heard through the grapevine you are looking for a statuesque model who has a body like Penny's for an ad layout for a prominent lingerie fashion magazine and you want someone fresh and new, someone whose not already been seen in that or any other magazine," Ashley said.

Now with more interest and the eyes of a professional photographer, Crystal looked Penny over from top to bottom. She noticed her beautiful face; her large, round breasts that showed her cleavage easily even in a basic dress; her narrowing waist; and the broadening of her round hips that gave her an hourglass figure, the very kind for which she had been looking. 

Turning her attention back to Ashley, Crystal said, "Why, you're right. Penny is exactly the kind of woman I've been looking for to model some lingerie but especially a corset that is intended to show ample breasts with alot cleavage. It is cut low so that it just covers the areolas and has cups that support the breasts more than holds them. It is purple/black with fine, open lace at the bottom.

"The lace at the bottom hangs below the pubic area, but it is fine enough to let one see through it. A skimpy, black G-String and garter belt that snaps onto the tops of shear, black nylons come with it. To complete the ensemble she'll wear a pair of four-inch satin high heels.

"What do you think, Ashley? You're in the trade, so you should know," Crystal asked.

"I think it will be sexually divine," answered Ashley.

"And what do you think, Penny?" asked Crystal.

"Why, from your description I agree with Ashley. I love fancy, sexy lingerie," answered Penny.

Crystal smiled and asked, "Well, then, Penny, would you be able to come back tomorrow to model other lingerie and this ensemble for me and have your photos in a prominent lingerie magazine?"

Penny looked at Ashley who shook her head yes.

"Yes, Crystal," said Penny. "I'll be your model."

"Great. Bloody great. I have to set up my equipment, so could you come in the morning? The shoots are usually long," said Crystal.

"Yes, that will be fine, Ashley answered before Penny even got out a word. I'll have her here by eight o'clock tomorrow morning," Ashley said.

"Jolly good. I'll see you tomorrow then," said Crystal as Ashley and Penny made their way to the door.

The next morning began bright and early for Penny and Ashley as they got out of Ashley's car in front of Crystal's photography studio. The door was unlocked even though business didn't begin until nine o'clock; however, Crystal usually went to the studio early to begin setting up whatever equipment she needed for her shoots before and let an employee watch the front and wait on any customers when the store opened.

When the bell on the door rang, Crystal came out from the back and gave both Penny and Ashley a warm hug.

"Good morning, you two. So glad you're here," Crystal said. "Come with me, and I'll introduce you to those who will be involved with today's shoot. I must tell you most are young lesbians and one is bi, and our photographer, not including me, is a black male."

Penny and Ashley followed Crystal where they were introduced to three female assistants, Kathleen, Magda, and Kiah. 

Kathleen was a waif of a typical Irish girl who was just under five feet. She had curly, long red hair, the colour of a carrot. Her eyes were green eyes, and her pale skin had quite a few freckles on it. In truth, Kathleen looked like a mythical faery so familiar in Irish folklore. 

Magda was a true blonde, blue-eyed Danish girl who had large breasts and a large ass to match. She was quite large compared to Kathleen. 

Kiah was a black girl who looked as if she had some Aborigine in her. Her skin was very dark, her hair short and curly, a beautiful face that lit up when she smiled, and a well-proportioned body. 

Crystal pointed to the photographer who was a good looking, athletically built, black man in his early thirties. His name was Alfred, but everyone called him Al.

After the initial introductions were over, Penny was led back to the dressing room where she would go in and out most of the morning as she put on one piece of lingerie after another for individual shots of them. The three female assistants were in the back with Penny to help her get into and out of the lingerie and make sure all was right. Crystal was very demanding in having everything just right.

Being naked with these three girls who seemed all business still made Penny somewhat nervous, but at the same time she became sexually aroused just as she had when Ashley helped her with the lingerie at the boutique. Penny couldn't help responding to the touching of the girls' hands on her body as they helped her in and out of all the pieces of lingerie: teddies, sexy gowns that had slits up the leg so the thigh could be exposed, corsets that had open slits along the sides and mesh on the backs. However none would compare with the special corset Crystal would have her wearing for the special shoot. 

After most of the morning had been spent taking many shots of Penny modeling the various lingerie, Kathleen took the last piece of lingerie off Penny and then helped putting on a bathrobe under which she had no clothes at all, so when she walked out from the dressing room, she felt self-conscious even though her nakedness was covered and she knew all had seen her naked except for Al.

"Well, that was a good morning of shooting," said Crystal. "And, Penny, you did wonderfully well. One would think you had alot of experience in modeling. Wouldn't you say, Ashley?"

"Oh, yes, Crystal. Penny is a natural. I found that out at the private lingerie party we had at my friend's home," Ashley said, "not to mention a little more."

"Well, then. Time for a break. There's food and drinks on the table over there and comfortable chairs to sit or lounge on," said Crystal.

Crystal took Penny's hand and led her to the table filled with sandwiches, cut up veggies and fruit, and just about anything one wanted to drink.

"Well, Penny, how do you like being a model?" asked Crystal.

"Oh, I was nervous at first, but after we got into the shooting, I calmed down and really got into the photo taking. In fact, I enjoyed it. It's a turn-on being the centre of attention as it is when you are modeling," Penny answered.

"I'm glad to know you enjoyed being photographed, and you did seem quite relaxed after a few rolls were taken. Most of the shots taken this morning were mainly test shots and of the usual lingerie to see how you reacted for the camera and how photogenic you are. Your being a beautiful, well-built woman was no guarantee you would have been a good model. I've had many who either froze before the camera and bright lights or who just couldn't relax and get into the flow of things. I'm so glad you are not one of them, Penny," Crystal said as she put her arm around Penny's waist and leaned against the fullness of the side of her breast, feeling the warmth of her body beneath the robe that sent erotic chills throughout her. 
