 "That was delicious," thought Celeste as she climbed off the bus. Those creamy thighs, that delicate pink, the quiet sounds as that delectable cheerleader tried to hide her joy from the bus driver. Even in the back seat, the last riders on board, they worried, but now it was just the cheerleader enjoying her memories for another 20 minutes heading home.

She thanked the bus driver for her suitcase. He didn't seem to have noticed anything, but maybe he was just discreet. Celeste worried for the cheerleader for a moment, alone on the bus with the driver, but figured it would all be all right, this time.

"Changing the world, one woman's orgasm at a time," had become her motto over the last couple of years. First that gorgeous flapper of an actress at the film festival, then her elderly neighbor Gladys, and then... 

Gladys. Oh. Right. She was here for her funeral, but was pretty sure that no one knew what Gladys had taught her. Tongues and tits and patience. Her family knew that she was ahem "fond of women", but didn't seem to notice her very local activities.

Three days at home, with a funeral in the middle. How many orgasms could she share with women?

-----------

When she got home, Celeste pleaded "bus dirt" and went right to the shower. Thinking of her buxom friend on the bus, and the hours of slow conversation it had taken her to convince her to let Celeste's hands under her bra and then her face between her knees, she gave herself the quick orgasm she so desperately needed.

Not everyone can reciprocate. Maybe she would have fingered Celeste, maybe, but the bus trip was over and Celeste had to get off five minutes after the cheerleader had squirmed for the fourth time and said enough. 

Celeste didn't insist that every woman she gave an orgasm had to give her an orgasm, or even explore her body. Sometimes just feeling it is the right place to stop for a first time, opening possibilities that can come later, without pushing too hard all at once. Women - sometimes even newcomers - reciprocated often enough that it wasn't a problem, and her own fingers were powerful when needed.

She needed another quick hit. What to think about? Maybe last summer, when she'd walked in on two friends, and the friend she was with was shocked... that the girl she was crushing on was with another girl. That had turned out all right, though - Celeste started out as an innocent bystander as everyone realized they wanted to do each other, but didn't stay innocent long. Not that she felt guilty, of course...

Memories of riding a tongue while she stroked and licked those beautiful nipples on a friend going down on another friend, who was shuddering as she came... that was a good start.

---------

"Have some dinner before you go out," her mother called. "I know you want to see your friends, but we should talk before tomorrow. There's more to do for Gladys."

Gladys? Uh oh. What did her mother know?

She went down to the table and took a seat.

"Thank you for dinner," she said. "I ate a lot on the bus, so I wasn't thinking about it."

"I know you, though. You probably ate lots of sweets on the bus."

Sweets, yes, sweets. Celeste grinned, and took a bowl of soup. She took a few spoonfuls, and asked "so what do I need to do for Gladys?"

"Well, two things," her mother said. "First, she asked that you scatter her ashes down by the waterfall."

Celeste looked blank, unsure what to say. Her mother filled the gap.

"She didn't have any children, and she's the last one left, and I know she liked you. Is it okay?"

Celeste nodded, and took more soup to avoid saying anything.

"Good. That's right after the service. The second part is a couple of hours later, at the Dennis Law Office."

Celeste swallowed hard. "What?" She sputtered out.

"I don't think Gladys had much left, but maybe she left you something."

Celeste shook her head. Funding for her revolution, thanks to some of those earliest orgasms she'd shared?

---------

Celeste wasn't her usual self that night at Denny's.

"Are you tired?"

"Are you okay?"

She told her friends - the ones who were still around, since many of them had left - that it was all fine, just a long bus ride and a funeral coming up. No one had advice for funerals. Celeste didn't mention the ashes or the lawyer.

Her friends all knew she was out - very out - but it was still occasionally complicated with people who didn't know her as well. One guy asked how Peter, her long long ago one boyfriend was doing, thinking they were still together. She didn't know. She couldn't really pick up any of these folks and take them home for a stirring love session. The ones who liked girls weren't girls.

"Can I get you a refill?" asked the waitress. "You look like you've had a long day."

"Thank you," said Celeste, looking deep into her eyes. "It has been a long day."

--------

Three cups of coffee later, Celeste was pretty sure that she wouldn't be getting any sleep that night, as the waitress, Annie, was giving her a ride home. Which home wasn't clear, and Celeste hoped that it wouldn't be her own home.

"I know I gave you a lot of coffee, but would you like to come to my place for a nightcap? I kind of think we connected over that last cup."

A nightcap. Celeste looked over the older woman and grinned. Annie was round, and soft, and slightly wrinkled, and everything Celeste needed right now.

"I wouldn't be imposing?" she asked.

"You're imposing in all the right ways," said Annie. "I knew when you first looked into my eyes that you were a force to be reckoned with. I, um, look forward to the reckoning?"

"Let's, um, reckon. I don't think I need any more coffee."

They pulled into the driveway. Annie pulled the key out the car with a flourish and giggled. "Stay right there," she said as she got out of the car and walked to Celeste's side, opening the door. She took her hand as she got out of the car and led her to the door.

"I don't do this with just every girl, you know," said Annie. "But I've done it a couple of times, and would love to do it again."

"Let's do it!" said Celeste, pulling Annie in for a kiss in front of her door. Annie put her arms around her waist as she managed to open the door.

"Let's get inside the house," she said. "Don't want to keep the neighborhood awake!"

Inside, they kept kissing, falling on to a couch. A cat jumped out of their way, running to safer quarters. While it settled down, they kept kissing, hands exploring over and under clothing, until Annie's hands found a steady rhythm on Celeste's long brown hair while Celeste enjoyed her breasts. After celebrating them through the clothing, she slid her hands underneath, unhooking Annie's bra.

Annie moved her hands down gently to Celeste's chest, exploring the small soft braless mounds. She'd wanted to see those nipples up close for hours, and feeling them grow under her hands was delightful. She gathered Celeste's T-shirt, and Celeste moved her arms to let Annie pull it over her head.

"I've wanted these all night," murmured Annie, ducking down to kiss them gently. One nipple in her mouth, the other in her hand. Or two in her hand as Annie kissed around Celeste's breasts.

"And I've wanted these," replied Celeste, reaching around to cup Annie's chest in her hands.

"Who goes first?" asked Annie. "It's really not fair..."

"Keep doing what you're doing," answered Celeste. "It's glorious. I can catch up in a few minutes, but then I want all of you."

Celeste lay back on the couch, letting the shorter Annie nurse and play. Her hands wandered down to Annie's glorious ass, kneading it. Mewing from Annie's kisses and gentle bites, Celeste slid her hands a little further down, sliding along Annie's inner thighs. Annie parted her legs to give her access.

"I'm wearing too much clothing," said Annie. 

Annie stood up. Celeste removed Annie's skirt while Annie took off her own blouse, and then Celeste helped take off Annie's opened bra, leaving a few kisses in its place. She unbuckled her jeans, and Annie reached in and pulled them off with her panties. Annie paused, gazing up at Celeste, and then stood, pushing Celeste back on to the couch.

"Wow," said Annie. "Look at you!" She paused and stared, and reached out her hands gently to touch Celeste's hard nipples. Annie sat down slowly on Celeste's lap, bringing Celeste's face between her large breasts. Celeste reached around to pull her closer, and kissed the wondrous pillows.

Annie's hands crept lower, teasing Celeste's thighs before settling between her legs. Annie pushed harder into Celeste, her fingers exploring folds while Celeste had to come up for air. Celeste's hands explored Annie while Annie pushed deeper into Celeste, up through her hair and down to her calves.

Annie slid off Celeste, kneeling before her and smiling up at her. Celeste held Annie's face in her hands, until Annie kissed those hands away and shifted to her thighs. First hands then lips went up and down her thighs, and Annie's hands gently slid down Celeste's calves to spread them.

Annie grinned, licked her lips, and dove in. It was much more aggressive than Celeste had been to the cheerleader, at least at first, but Annie somehow knew exactly what Celeste needed today. Tease, lick, stroke, all while Celeste's hands stroked Annie's hair. Celeste's head rolled back on the chair and she closed her eyes with the pleasure, opening them only when Annie paused.

Annie returned after a moment, back to teasing, smiling at Celeste and encouraging her to look down at her.

"A force to be reckoned with," she murmured, staring back up at Celeste while her tongue visited her clit and her fingers probed deeply.

"Like that... like that!" Celeste could only resist so long before shaking and moaning, looking back into Annie's eyes all the while.

"That was quite a staring contest," murmured Celeste as she came back to herself. "I think I lost."

"You didn't lose," replied Annie. "You won me! At least for tonight. Let's move to the bed."

Annie took Celeste's hand and showed her to the bed. "Don't get in," she said. "I want you on top."

As Annie got on the bed, Celeste looked into her eyes again and arranged her as she wanted her, across the diagonal of the bed. She crept up to her face, kissing the lines at the corners of her eyes, her nose, a long stay at her mouth, then down her neck. So much of Annie to enjoy!

She paused and smiled just above Annie's breasts, her hands cupping each one gently and bringing the nipple to her mouth for a kiss. The kisses continued while Annie squirmed happily, and Celeste moved lower.

"Not that way," Annie said. "I want to do you too."

"Again?" Celeste smiled.

"Again," said Annie, pulling Celeste up and turning her around. Celeste put one hand on the bed, her face between Annie's legs, while the other hand reached back to Annie's left breast, tweaking, pulling, and caressing it. Annie's tongue on her clit made it hard to concentrate, but she relented a bit to give Celeste more control. Annie's tongue worked over Celeste while Celeste moved her head back and forth to make her tongue dance further over Annie.

Annie got louder and louder as Celeste pushed her further, and Celeste let loose too, starting a low wail that grew stronger and stronger. Everything glowed and ached at the same time, the world getting brighter and darker until they shuddered and slowed.

Celeste climbed back up off of Annie, turning. Annie climbed out of bed to lift the covers, and guided Celeste inside. She turned off the light, and Celeste felt her climb in beside her, shift her on her side, and spoon her. Annie's breasts felt great against her back, and Annie's hands on her nipples warmed them. Annie held on to her as they drifted off to sleep.