 I moved into housing on post two months after my husband deployed. He had left Tennessee two months before he deployed. I was forced to wait in Tennessee for a house to become available. I did not want to move; my support circle in Tennessee was incredible.

I pulled into my new drive late in the afternoon. I had only been to the house once before when I flew to meet the movers. The wind was picking up and scent of rain was on the air. I hurriedly scrambled to unpack the rest of my car. I managed to bring the last plant in before the skies parted and the rains ensued.

I went to bed feeling lonelier than I had in a long time.

The next afternoon, the doorbell startled me. I ran upstairs to see a woman about my age standing at my door.

"Hi! I am Tiffany- I am your next door neighbor. We share a driveway." 

Her name my me cringe; to this point in my life every Tiffany I had known was either a ditz or a complete bitch. 

"Hi Tiffany, I am Jennifer."

"Well, I am a home body so if you ever need anything please come over. I miss talking to adults as I quit my job four months ago to be a stay at home mom."

"Oh? How many children do you have?" I asked worried it would be a constant kid zoo over at their place.

"Just one. He is three months now." 

She had my heart right there; I was a sucker for babies. "Ah, a little guy. I love babies."

"Well, come over! He is a little flirt!" She laughed.

"Ok! I will some time."

"Well, I should get back. Josh has to head back to work. Oh- forgot to ask you- is your husband deployed?"

"Yeah, he is with the 371 Cav." I reply.

"Sorry to hear that. I know how lonely it is, so please use and abuse me!" Her smile was intoxicating.

And now that I had a minute to absorb her, she was strikingly beautiful. Just slightly taller than I, there was no way anyone would know she just had a baby. If I had to guess, I would say she maybe weighed 140; a very comfortable weight on her 5'7" frame. She had light brown hair with tasteful highlights. Her eyes were bright hazel; flecks of gold and green peppered the blue of her eyes like confetti. 

I thanked Tiffany as she turned to leave. Throughout the course of the next two weeks I managed to get unpacked and settled in. I spent my evenings on the couch watching t.v. and talking to my husband online. I missed my friends and family like crazy.

I ran into Tiffany and baby Kohl almost daily. She was relentless about getting me to come over. I must admit, aside from my nephews, Kohl was one of the cutest boys I had ever seen. Tiffany invited me over at least every other day. For some reason, I always found a reason to decline.

One evening I was whining to my sister about hating it and happened to mention Tiffany. After twenty minutes of chastising me for turning her down so many times, I realized my sister was right: if I continued to turn Tiffany down, she would eventually stop inviting me and I would blow the best opportunity at a friendship I had right now. 

Two days later, Tiffany called and asked if I wanted to come over for pizza and a movie with her and Josh. I asked if she was sure- I didn't want to be a third wheel. She gushed over the phone that there was no way I would be a third wheel and even beat me to the imposition part.

"Well, tell me what I can bring." I asked.

"How about an adult beverage of your choice?"

I answered, "I can handle that." I couldn't help but smile when I answered her- she was just so damn peppy!

That night I spent the evening joking, eating, and cooing at a baby. It was so much fun. Tiffany, despite my preconceived perceptions of other Tiffanies, she was so much like my friends back home. She was down to earth, smart, sassy, fun-loving, and so much more. 

Before long, I was at the Anderson's almost every night. And, if I was not over there, they were at my place. Josh was so great too. He would find things to do to give us girl time. Josh also took Kohl often to give Tiffany a break.

Josh took Kohl one night for a walk after dinner. 

"Tiffany, you should go with them if you want- don't worry about me." I said before Josh left.

"I just walked Kohl earlier. Josh is just taking him for a bit to give me a break."

"Ok, if you are sure."

"Yeah, I need it; it has been a busy day."

With that said Tiffany collapsed on the couch. I grabbed us a drink and sat across from her. Some show was on about female/female relationships being on the rise and promiscuity of young women. The show caught Tiffany's attention and she watched intently for a bit.

"Have you ever been with a female." She asked frankly.

I didn't know how to answer. Not many people knew I had. In fact, the experimentation with women left me wanting more. Shaun knew about me liking girls but no one else in my family did.

"Uh, well... yeah. I have." I confessed. I hated to start the relationship off on the wrong foot- either by lying or confessing I did something she may not approve of but I thought lying was the lesser of the two evils. 

"Shew!" She proclaimed. "Me too. I was hoping you were not disgusted by it." Relief was written all over her face.

For the next hour we talked about the benefits of women over men; our first times; the differences and similarities; the highs; what we liked most; and so on. With every confession, I found myself increasingly aroused. I had not been with a woman since I left Tennessee. My mind wondered to Lauren. If I was ever going to leave my husband for a woman it would be Lauren.

I was snapped out of my daydream when Tiffany proclaimed, "Jeez! This is making me so horny my tits are leaking."

Tiffany breast fed Kohl. She was the first person I was ever around that breast fed. I found myself sneaking a peak at her engorged breasts and dark nipples as often as available. One time I remembered the most vividly was when she asked if I would mind coming to get Kohl so she could reposition herself. I took Kohl from her arms in the middle of nursing and she stood up and changed chairs completely exposed. I was utterly turned on but felt immensely guilty.

I looked over at Tiffany and at the two tiny wet spots that had formed on her shirt. I was intrigued by them and so turned on.

"Wow, you are leaking." I observed. As soon as I said it, I realized how idiotic it sounded.

She smiles sexily at me as if she could tell I was turned on by it.

"Where are Josh and Kohl?" 

The words were no sooner out of her mouth and they returned. Tiffany excused herself to go nurse Kohl. 

I went home confused. I did not want to jeopardize the only friend I had up here. Yet, the sexual innuendos had begun and Tiffany had changed once she knew I was bi. She was flirty and a tease.

I did not go over to the Andersons for a couple of days. I needed some space to make sure I focused on the friendship as opposed to focusing on my physical needs. I called Tiffany both days I did not go over and joked around with Josh when I ran into him in the driveway.

Tiffany called me on the third day to remind me Josh was in the field for the remainder of the week.

"Do you wanna do a girls night Friday? I thought we could get Chinese and watch a movie?"

"Sounds fun. What time?" I replied.

"Well, if we wait until eight, Kohl will be in bed and I can have an interruption-less movie! HA!" She laughed.

"Eight is fine with me. I'll pick up the Chinese and head over." 

We said our good-byes and hung up. I found myself counting down the minutes until I saw Tiffany. The thought of being alone with her excited me. But I had to suppress that. I had to.

Friday came very slowly. I left to pick up the food promptly at 7:30. I let myself into Tiffany's so I wouldn't wake up Kohl. 

"Tiffany?!" I quietly yelled in.

"Hey girl!" She quipped.

I turned to see her coming down the hall from her bedroom. She was in a loosely tied robe. In fact, the "v" of the robe was so deep her belly button was visible. I tried not to stare or let her catch me sneaking a peak.

"Sorry I am not dressed. Kohl barfed all over me so I took a quick shower."

"No problem." I said blushing.

"I'll change and be out in a sec okay? You know where the plates are right?"

"Yeah, yeah!" I stuttered.

She was done changing truly in record time. Tiffany emerged in a fitted classic button down and trouser jeans. She looked absolutely classic. I was completely in lust.

"Wow, you were fast." I broke the ice.

"I am starving and anxious for girl talk!" She smiled.

We grabbed our plates and vegged in front of the TV. After browsing the available movies, we agreed and were quickly immersed in the tale.

About half-way though Tiffany announced, "I need to pee and another drink. What about you?"

"I could use another beer, yeah."

Tiffany grabbed the remote and paused the movie. I stood and stretched. As I did, I thought I caught her looking at my tits. I was a D cup, which was big in my opinion. Needless to say, I got a lot of attention for them.

I couldn't help but smile. I walked into the kitchen while she exited for the bathroom. I was finishing filling my glass when she slid in behind me, her breasts brushing up against my back. They were completely rock hard and full.

"Dang, girl! Those things could be a weapon!" I joked.

"I know, right? Kohl usually gets up an hour after he is down to nurse. If you don't mind, while we are paused I think I will go see if he wants to eat."

"No, not at all. Go take care of that baby."

Tiffany disappeared down the stairs to Kohl's room. I went in the living room and picked up a magazine. Within ten minutes she had returned holding a contraption in her hand. 

"I could not get him to wake up and nurse so I am going to have to pump because my tits are killing me. Do you mind?"

"Oh, no- please go ahead. I cannot imagine how those must feel." We both giggled.

I pretended to read while I watched her plug in the machine out of the corner of my eye. Tiffany thumbed her shirt buttons meticulously taking her time to unbutton her shirt, as if she was doing a strip tease. I was not expecting her to take her top off completely but her shirt fell to the floor with a whoosh. 

I was also not expecting her to not have a bra on. I could not help but look at her. I was so completely turned on by her. She was striking. Her engorged tits reminded me of a pin up girl, only with darker nipples. Her tits scooped like a half-pipe in the front, but were perfectly perky. 

She grabbed the pump and plopped down beside me. She was so close I could smell the soap on her skin. In doing the same, her tits bounced up and down as she sat, which just about put me over the edge.

I was staring, I knew I was.

"Do you want to feel them?" She asked sexily.

I did. I wanted to, so badly. Without thinking, I found myself nodding yes. I was washed with a thousand questions at once. Was she just being nice because she knew I had never been close to a nursing woman? Was she hitting one me and playing on my lack of experience to draw me in? Would this ruin our friendship? 

Somehow, all the thoughts did not drown out my mind telling my hand to move. I watched my own hand rise as if I was watching someone else because I truly felt I did not have any control over it. My cheeks flushed; why was I so fascinated with engorged breasts? I had no time to answer and as my hand drew near, I really didn't care. All I could focus on was touching them. 

And then I was there. It was in my hand; firm and soft at the same time. She obviously used lotion; her skin was smoother than any that I had felt before. I had not looked away from her breasts until I lightly flicked my thumb over her erect nipple. I glanced to her face as two contacted. Her eyes shut and her body shuddered. 

She moved in closer. I could feel her breath on my neck. I continued to manipulate her tit. Her nipples were puffy and long at the same time, remarkably longer than mine. I took the nipple between my thumb and forefinger and squeezed. Her breath quickened and milk came to the surface. 

The sight of her milk made my mouth water and I instinctively licked my lips. Without hesitation she asked, "Do you want to nurse?"

"I wouldn't know how." I said feeling foolish.

"I will help you. Really, it is not that hard." She giggled.

She positioned herself on the couch moving so her back was flat against the cushions. 

"Now, just lay across my lap facing me."

I did precisely as she suggested. My head half-way rested on the arm of the couch. My face was within two inches of her breasts. They smelled wonderful. Her right hand cupped her breast. I leaned in and stroked my face against it. My nose grazed across the nipple. 

I kissed the nipple very lightly. Her hips moved as I did. It was obvious she was turned on. I opened my mouth and took the nipple all the way in. It was already beading milk out and I hadn't even sucked.

I could wait no longer; her tit was pulsing in my mouth. I latched on and began sucking very softly. Milk filled my mouth immediately. It was warm and sweet, very much like cereal milk. My nipples hardened and my pussy moistened. 

I sucked harder and faster. I was intoxicated by it. I romanced the breast; sucking, flicking with my tongue and tasting. It was a million times more exhilarating that I had imagined. Then it dwindled. 

"Switch sides. The other is full too."

I did without hesitation. I latched on. This time her hand caressed my body, eventually making it from my arm to my waist. Her fingers thumbed my waistband then disappeared under my shirt. I got goose bumps. She traced circles with her fingertips up to my bra. My nipples ached underneath. I continued to suck.

She slid her fingers under my bra pushing it up in the process. My tit spilled from beneath it. She squeezed my tit, then turned her focus to the nipple. Within minutes she was dry. I kissed her nipple and shifted my weight. 

I moved up and kissed her on the mouth. Milk lingered on my tongue. Her hand still cupped my tit. She opened her mouth and let my tongue in. The kiss was soft at first as we took turns touching tongues and sucking on bottom lips. 

She broke the kiss and pulled my shirt off over my head. She made quick work of my bra, reaching behind me she unfastened the hooks and my tits spilled out. 

"Mmm." She moaned. 

I sat straddling her; facing her. Out tits rubbed against each others. She shook her tits against mine. It sent me into shivers. 

"Wanna go to my room?" She asked.

"Yeah." I managed to say breathily. 

I stood. She followed and in so doing she rubbed the length of her exposed chest against mine. Tiffany grabbed my hand as she brushed past me to lead me down the hall. Once in the bedroom we did not stop. Instead, she led me to the bathroom. 

With a twinkle in her eye she said, "Let's shower!" 

"Great idea." I said as I was already tugging at my jeans. 

I was ok with going down on her no matter what but the thought of licking water off her wet skin made me shudder. She turned on the shower then turned to tug at her own jeans. I moved in close and kissed her as soon as she was standing again.

Tiffany moved her hand over my tits and down my side. Her hand ended up in between my thighs. I spread my legs a little to let her have more access. She gently spanked my pussy with her three fingers. My clit was throbbing. 

Steam was beginning to bellow out of the shower. Without breaking the kiss I began to move toward it and in. The hot drops peppered my skin. I dove under the shower head so I could wet my hair and move it out of my face. She then did the same. 

We stood under the shower head forever kissing, touching, petting. I would kiss down her neck and lick her earlobe. I drank the drops from her tits. Tiffany was almost panting as I doted on her.

Finally, I could not hold out any longer; I dropped to my knees and kissed down her belly to her hood. She propped her left leg up on the edge of the tub. My face was inches from her pussy when she did this. The raised leg allowed her hardened, swollen clit to spill from between her lips. I immediately leaned in and sucked it between my lips. 

"God!" she moaned.

I took each of her lips between my thumbs and forefingers and spread them wide open. The water ran over the exposed hills and valleys. Again, I leaned in and took her into my mouth; licking, flicking, sucking. I would suck her clit into my mouth then let it fall out only to suck it back in. This was driving her crazy. Watching her plump clit jiggle with the movements of my mouth was driving me nuts.

Her hands were laced in my hair; my hands moved through her legs and up to cup her ass. This allowed me to push her pussy into my face at will. Tiffany's head was back; her hips rocked in motion. Her noises were undecipherable but hypnotic. 

I slid my right hand from her ass forward, caressing the entire length of her pussy while continuing to suck her clit. I stroked Tiffany's opening with my middle finger before I pushed my finger in. As soon as I passed the opening, Tiffany caught her breath in pleasure.

Being inside a foreign pussy was the most exhilarating. I am sure most men think it is no big deal for chicks because we obviously have the same parts. But to me, the experience is always completely different. My finger was completely enveloped by the softest flesh; warm and moist. Fingering women never got old to me.

Gently, I rocked my finger in and out, curving it to her G, in rhythm with my tongue on her clit. Her legs were shaking. The water drops pummeled off of her erect nipples like a sky diver out of a plane. Her mouth was open and she was panting. I knew it would not be long.

I pumped my finger harder in and out. I sucked her clit fully in my mouth. It remained there as I finger fucked her to her breaking point. Her pussy exploded with wetness. She shoved my head deeper into her pussy and face fucked me until the orgasm subsided. 

I stood and looked at her. She glowed. Our eyes locked until she leaned in and kissed me hard enough to take my breath away. 

"I taste good." She cooed.

Breathless, I nodded in agreement.

For the next two hours we could not get enough of each other. As we lay exhausted in her bed after; she rolled on her side, her tits full of milk again and asked, "Will you be my girlfriend?"

"Only if we can do that often." I replied.

"YAY!" She squealed. "I cannot wait to tell Josh!"

Tiffany and I were inseparable from then on.