 Disclaimer:

-This story is copyrighted 2000 by Mark Anthony. It may not be reproduced or posted anywhere else in any way, shape or form without express permission.

-This is a work of erotic fiction, involving explicit sexual acts between consenting female adults. If it ain't your cup of tea, read something else. If you are under 18 years of age, ditto.

-Send any and all comments to actium31@yahoo.com. Specify which story archive where you found the story if possible, as some of my stories are posted on several sites. Any and all feedback is welcome.

Summary: Andrea and Fey, lovers since they have received a strange chain-letter through e-mail, have respectively seduced two mutual friends, Vivian and Rachel. The time for the disclosure of their mutual affairs is at hand...

1.

The west wind blew softly in their faces as the stars twinkled overhead, barely obscured by a radiant moon suspended in the cloudless night sky. The distant sound of crashing waves rumbled in their ears as they walked barefoot on the fine sandy dunes, fingers enlaced as they held hands. The beach was deserted this time of night, leaving them alone with their thoughts, and each other.

"She has your heart, doesn't she?" asked Rachel softly.

Andrea turned to her, strands of hair dancing in the breeze. She searched Rachel's eyes, silently.

"Yes. She does," she confessed, surprised that Rachel, who never breached the subject, suddenly spoke of her secret lover. Andrea drew close, adding in a murmur, "Although as you once told me... I can't live without you..."

They kissed, softly, unhurriedly, as they had often for the last three months. Their hands caressed each other through light cotton dresses, feeling the warmth and softness of their bodies.

Andrea had been methodical as the affair had unfolded, dropping suggestive hints of her involvement with another woman. In a way, it had been fairly easy for Rachel to guess; there had been no word of another man in Andrea's life since George-in itself uncharacteristic-yet she had made various comments which implied both a kind of steady relationship, and the relative need to be rather subtle and low-key about it. Rachel has merely connected the dots.

"Tell me about her..." Rachel said, as they resumed their walk.

Andrea's stared at the far away darkness, as if to behold Fey's enchanting face. "She's beautiful... intelligent... sensitive... she warms my heart every time she smiles... she fills me with a kind of joy I never knew existed..."

The words felt awkward in her mouth, insufficient to describe the depth of her feelings. "It's as if my soul had been fractured in two long ago... and the pieces had suddenly been reunited."

She gazed downwards, slightly flustered. Rachel smiled warmly. "She sounds like quite a woman... maybe I'll have to meet her sometime."

Andrea suppressed a mischievous grin. Curiosity was getting the best of Rachel... If she only knew, she thought.

"Wellll..." Andrea replied, "maybe I can meet *your* girlfriend sometime, how about that?"

Rachel's eyes shifted momentarily sideways, no doubt thinking exactly what had gone through Andrea's mind a second ago. "Well then, we'll have to be careful. They might be so angry because of our respective infidelities they'll break up with us and leave together."

Andrea exploded in laughter, trying not to sound hysterical. God, if she only knew!!! Fey and Vivian we together at his very moment!

Her body pressed closer to Rachel's, and she slid her arms around her waist. "I guess we better make the best of it while we still can..."

They closed their eyes as their lips met.

2.

The 'trap' was set.

After months spent enjoying private pleasures, sharing their exploits between bouts of intense lovemaking, Andrea and Fey were ready. Ready to end the secret of their respective affairs... but not the fact of their existence.

The time was right. The risk of Vivian and Rachel confiding in each other could only increase, and the fact that neither Andrea or Fey had remained single during this time might, interpreted in a larger context, lead either of the other two women to draw conclusions.

Saturday evening, barring any last-minute cancellation, Vivian and Rachel would drop by Fey's place for a get-together between girls, following a gracious invitation. Andrea spent the week going over the luxury apartment she and Fey now shared, getting most of her things stashed in one of the many closets in order to making sure no one would know she'd been practically living there these last few months.

She still dropped by her own place from time to time, 'maintaining the illusion', picking up mail and messages, but wasn't even bothering to heat it anymore. The rent was no bother considering the money she was now making, and besides, it was useful to have a second place to herself, for impromptu meetings with Rachel.

'Girls night' was set. It was the first time all four would be together since a similar event the year before. Andrea and Fey both made a point of not seeing their respective mistresses the whole week prior, hoping to build a little bit of sexual tension.

It would be, after all, a very special night indeed.

3.

Fey, who had taken quite an interest in the art of gourmet cooking in her teenage years, outdid herself with the menu: roasted delmonico veal in medeira sauce alongside India rice and a salad of watercress kissed with a balsamic vinaigrette, garnished with lavender. She joked along as she prepared the extravagant feast all of Saturday afternoon, telling Andrea about the times she had cajoled her family cook, a severe but kind-hearted Frenchman, into teaching her the fine art of culinary seduction. Andrea watched her work with wonder, helping out when she could and briefly stepping out for a moment to purchase enough wine for the evening: a bottle of Château Latour red, one of Beaujolais nouveau, two bottles of white Montrachet, and two Château d'Aqueria rosés.

By four-thirty, everything was ready. The two hosts resolved to open one of the white wine bottles, moving to the living room as the veal roasted in the oven, kissing amorously on the sofa while they waited for Rachel and Vivian to show. It was to be a casual dinner, but both had decided to dress up for the occasion. Fey wore a notched collar beige blouse with a knee length dark skirt with belt buckle. Andrea sported black slacks with a carmine turtleneck, and stood a inch taller in her in pumps.

At five-thirty, there was a light knock on the door. Fey and Andrea, fleetingly brushing off the lipstick evidence of their intimacy, suddenly returned to a 'proper' demeanor as they quickly strode to the apartment entrance.

4.

Rachel arrived first, stunning Andrea and Fey with a tight satin T-shirt, a matte skirt and strapped heels. All three greeted each other politely, exchanging pleasantries while Andrea spoke with her eyes, giving Rachel an appreciative and hungry look.

She traded a conspiratorial glance with Fey moments later when Rachel wasn't looking.

The trio slowly left the vestibule and went to the spacious living room, where they sat for a time, enjoying white wine while waiting for Vivian.

The lady in question arrived twenty minutes later with the sound of a bell, greeting Fey and Rachel with a warm smile that seemed to indicate she had not met either for months. Her lips brushed Andrea's cheeks moments later, while she whispered a warm hello. Removing her jacket, she revealed a sleeveless sheath dress, made elegant with the addition of a string of classic pears and matching earrings. The scent of 'Dominance' fragrance filled the air, and Andrea smiled knowingly to herself, remembering that it was one of Rachel's favorite.

The chilled wine and bouchées de foie gras were waiting for everyone as they settled on the divans in the living room. While the veal roasted to perfection, the women began talking excitedly, as they had many times before. Job, friends, family, were all discussed, but relationships were not brought up.

Fey interrupted half-an-hour into the conversation, noting that she had check out how the veal was doing. Vivian offered nonchalantly to lend a hand, and both vanished quickly down the hall and into the kitchen, which sat next to the dining room, at the far end of the apartment.

Moments after they had disappeared, Andrea jumped out of her sofa and crashed across next to Rachel. The former had scripted, along with Fey, a few 'opportunities' that would allow the both of them to enjoy a bit of private fun with their respective lovers. It would be a while before they were disturbed.

"Well hello there" she whispered huskily, cuddling up to Rachel. "I thought we'd never be alone."

Rachel eyed the corner that lead to the hall and kitchen worryingly, but only for a moment. She brought an arm over Andrea's shoulder and drew her close, for a kiss. Any will to quickly draw away faded as her mouth mashed against Andrea's soft lips, and their tongues slipped eagerly in each other's mouths. Rachel's fingers slid over the rich crimson fabric of Andrea's sweater while her lover's hand gently cupped her left breast through her T-shirt, unfettered by a bra.

"You think they'll be a while?" Rachel asked in a hushed tone that betrayed her growing sense of arousal. Her cheeks were flushed, her eyes gleaming with hungry lust. Andrea's lecherous smirk spread slowly across her face. "Why do you ask?"

Rachel's hand cupped Andrea's pussy through her tailored pants shamelessly. "Just wondering if I might not sample something extra before the main course..."

Before Andrea could answer, she undid her lover's slacks and slipped a hand inside. Her fingers quickly found the elastic band of her panties, slid under them and into her lover's hot, moist cunt. Andrea bit her lower lip trying not to moan too loudly. It was for the sake of pretense, really, since she was quite sure Fey and Vivian were both occupied with similar activities at the moment.

Rachel teased her lover for long seconds, before pulling out her hand. She immediately brought the glistening digit to her mouth, closing her eyes as she relished the taste. "Goes very well with the wine, wouldn't you say?" she mused wickedly, while Andrea tried to regain her composure.

"We have to find a way to step out for a moment later... I'm not going to be able to go through dinner unless I know I can have you tonight!" she exclaimed with shortness of breath.

Rachel looked once again to the hallway, hesitation etched on her soft, delicate features. Andrea knew Rachel would be hard pressed to abandon Vivian tonight, and quickly changed the subject to keep her from brooding on the thought.

"C'mon" Andrea said, interrupting the thought. "Let's get back before they get suspicious."

She made a point of making a lot of noise on the way to the kitchen, buttoning up her pants as she went.

5.

The veal was absolutely delicious. The Château Latour proved a delectable choice to accompany the meal, and proved to inspire a fairly good mood around the circular, candlelit table. Fey and Andrea sat at opposites, with their respective lovers on the right. Both shared subtle moments of affection with their mistresses during the meal, sliding their legs together under the blue tablecloth while pretending to go on with the conversation. Rachel and Vivian responded to the advances of their lovers in kind, and a strange secret dance ensued throughout, Fey and Andrea exchanging secret looks while all four pretended that nothing was going on.

Discussion was light, and compliments to the chef were in order. The wine kept flowing, now well into the Beaujolais and the rosés wines, and a toast was proposed, to Fey's masterful cooking skills. Andrea savored each and every one of the wines, noting that she was becoming more and more uninhibited as the soirée progressed. Her threshold being higher than most women, she instinctively knew that the spirits would create an atmosphere conductive to seduction.

By the end of the meal, Andrea was quite wet, Rachel's agile feet having sensually demonstrated the ardor and desperation of her yearning condition. She gave away no sign of a reaction as she quickly got up to give Fey a hand to clear the table, leaving Rachel behind with Vivian as they came and went to the kitchen.

When all had been cleared away, Andrea deftly proposed that all four adjourn to the living room once again, this time for a bit of crème de menthe to pass the evening. Rachel and Vivian both nodded in approval.

They sat together for a time, back on the couches, chatting away softly as the evening wore on. Andrea sat close to Rachel on a two-person sofa while Fey and Vivian had the larger one to themselves. Gentle music played in the background, and scented candles lit all about provided a golden light and peaceful atmosphere.

Rachel and Vivian contently reclined in their respective positions. Eventually, conversation fell in a serene lull, and all four women stated at each other in contemplative silence. Vivian and Rachel were smiling happily, basking in Fey's hospitality.

There was a pause, a moment that heralded a slight, ever so subtle change in atmosphere. Both guests arched eyebrows as Andrea and Fey stood in unison, moments after CD's shuffled in the player behind, and an original piano and acoustic guitar piece suddenly filled the air. The standing pair came together, their hands reaching, their arms going around each other... like lovers answering the call of the secret song their share as their own. Andrea and Fey began rocking back and forth slowly, dancing slowly as the lovers they truly were.

It was not long before they searched each other out, their mouths coming together briefly in a quick but torrid kiss. They heard a communal gasp from their dual audience, and each turned with a smile to their respective mistresses. Andrea's eyes focused on Rachel's stunned expression while Fey noted Vivian's brief moment of astonishment. Incomprehension fled from their faces, replaced by slow realization. Andrea and Fey both winked naughtily, smiling alluring smiles.

Rachel rose from her seat first. "Why do I have a feeling..."

Vivian's voice, overlapping, "I don't believe..."

Both women were at a loss for words despite their understanding of the sudden development. They looked at each other, the existence of their mutual affairs revealed instantly. There was no furious exchange of stares, but merely a recognition of the fact. They both turned to the dancing pair.

"What's up lover?" Andrea and Fey asked suggestively, in perfect harmony, breaking their embrace to step over to their respective mistresses. Andrea slid her arm around Rachel's, while Fey came down next to Vivian on the couch, embracing her around her neck.

"You've been... plotting for how long?" Vivian asked, trying to sound incensed.

"Well... we didn't really plan it at first, it sort of just happened when Andrea... ah... 'seduced' Rachel" Fey said.

"And how long have you been... together?" Rachel inquired, now understanding why she almost always caught the answering machine when calling to Andrea's place.

"About as long as the both of you" answered Andrea, beside her. "Fey has an interesting theory about that..." she added teasingly, with a wink to her soulmate.

"Well..." Rachel said with a heavy sigh, "now I don't know whether to feel jealous or angry". There was little conviction in her voice, betraying her still bewildered condition.

"We have an ideal way of remedying to that" Fey whispered huskily, as she disengaged herself from Vivian and stood up. In an instant, the hosts had traded places, Andrea strolling over to the couch and slithering next to Vivian, her hand unabashedly moving around her narrow waist, bringing her body close. Meanwhile Fey was coming around Rachel, her hand brushing the model's shoulder as she walked past, coming up behind her. Carefully, she hugged her from behind, her breasts pressing in the lovely curve of her back.

Though uncertainty paralyzed both Rachel and Vivian for just an instant, a new awareness soon dawned upon them. Still striving to cope with the monumental changes in their lives, stirred as never before by the beauty of the female form, they gave in to their impulses simultaneously, driven by fantasies and infatuations born the moment they had discovered lesbian love. It was not a selfless pursuit for carnal pleasure at the expense of their mutual love, but a interdependent exploration of their new sexuality, with women who had once been friend and were now lovers...

Vivian closed her eyes as she felt Andrea's lips brush over hers, while Rachel looked on hungrily at the erotic spectacle, moaning as Fey's hands cupped and massaged her ample, sensitive breasts.

Lust and passion overtook them all.

6.

In a quick motion, Fey grasped Rachel's shirt and brought it over her breasts. Her hands returned forthwith, fondling the hot flesh, feeling the nipples harden even as she stroked them.

Andrea took it slow, parting the fabric of Vivian's dress gently before lowering her mouth to the gentle slope of her quarry's bosom. Her tongue slid gently out of her mouth, leaving a thin trail of saliva down the tan and smooth skin, and around the curve of Vivian's breast. The latter moaned approvingly, and caught her breath as Andrea's lips parted widely to take in as much of her tit flesh as she could.

Rachel was similarly powerless to keep her arousal in check, her head tilting back as Fey continued to expertly massage her breasts from behind. She pressed back against the woman's bosom, bringing her hands over Fey's and guiding them as they kneaded the firm flesh. She felt the woman's hips gyrate against her ass, and locked her legs in place, giving Fey something to stroke against. The feeling of the woman's pelvis rubbing against the curve of her rear was maddeningly intense.

Vivian's dress was boldly parted at this point, both of her breasts hanging free, her chest heaving as Andrea continued to suckle like a sapphic succubus. The warmth and heat of her cunt was spreading inside her, to all parts of her body, igniting an inferno that was quickly consuming her. Andrea's hand adroitly slid under the loose and draped dress folds, and searched for Vivian's wet hole. The latter could do nothing but fall back into the couch, lost in a haze of burning desire.

Rachel's breath was coming in rasping inhales and exhales, Fey's tongue licking the lobe of her ear while one hand pinched her nipples and the other surreptitiously slid under her short skirt, feeling for her seeping, hot pussy. The g-string she wrote was nimbly slid aside by Fey's fingers, and a low husky groan rose from Rachel's throat as she felt her clit being stroked ever so gently.

Andrea's fingers, slick with Vivian's abundant juices, penetrated deep inside her, bringing her nearer and nearer to a sharp and fierce climax. She could not believe how quickly things were unfolding, how completely overtaken and consumed by lust she had become.

Vivian screamed aloud, incoherently, in the throes of wanton lust, and shook as she capsized into oblivion, Andrea's fingers pumping furiously in and out of her, her teeth biting down on her nipples as she came. Wave after wave crashed into her, tearing her apart.

The cries were soon answered by Rachel as she, too, tipped over her own threshold and no longer held back. Fey's bewitching embrace had stripped away her sense of restraint. Her body responded instinctively, the fervor building inside her as Fey continued to tease her clitoris, as she continued to pinch her nipples, as she fondled the hoot flesh of her breasts, as she whispered of her impending night of passion even as she thrust her delicate tongue in her ear...
