 Catherine lived in a small town, just outside of Bakersville California. She grew up in a Christian household with her parents, and had no brothers or sisters. Becoming a teenager in a strong Christian household was a difficult thing to do, especially when it came to sexuality. Catherine was always taught that thinking sexual thoughts about the opposite sex, masturbation, and sex before marriage was wrong. Sometimes she felt closed in, and not allowed to be herself. Catherine did obey her parents, and continued to be the refined girl she was brought up to be. 

At 18, Catherine was sent to an all girls drama camp during the summer. She was staying for 3 weeks there, and was ecstatic to finally get out among other people during the summer months. Maybe her parents were finally letting go....

Her parents dropped her off at camp after a long 4 hour drive. She said goodbye to them, took her things out of the car, and went towards the main lodge. Catherine looked around curiously, seeing all kinds of new and exciting people she was waiting to meet. Some girls looked different than those in her small town. Some had different colored hair, some had piercings, and some looked just like her. Catherine had never thought of herself as ugly, just plain. She had somewhat wavy, plain brown hair down to the middle of her back, and dark brown eyes. She had smaller breasts and an average build and stood about 5'7". She never really thought of complaining about her looks, she just accepted them.

Catherine entered the building to find a large group of girls around her age and some which seemed older than her. They were all gathered around a large table which she assumed was for signing up and finding which cabin you stay in. Catherine eventually made her way to the table and received her map and location of her cabin, and went off to get settled in. 

Catherine was in the cabin, sitting on the bottom bunk of one of the beds emptying her luggage, when a girl walked in nonchalantly. 

"Hey, guess we're roomies in this hell hole". The girl said blandly. 

Catherine looked up shyly and said nothing. 

"My name is Julie, I'm from Lanely, California". She said, as she claimed the other bunk bed. 

"I'm Catherine, nice to meet you". 

Julie looked over at her and gave her a small smile as she continued to roughly take her belongings out of her suitcase. 

"This place sucks you know, its dull and uneducational. I don't know why my parents send me to this fucking place, suppose because they think I will stay out of trouble. I'm just glad that I don't have to room with a whole shit load of people this year. They stuck the two of us in this stupid cabin because they ran out of room in the larger ones". 

Catherine looked at her shocked. Not many girls she knew would even think of swearing like that. Catherine figured that her all girls school she went to, shielded her from the harsh extremities of the outside world, and she sort of resented her parents for that. 

Catherine continued to be reserved, not saying much to Julie. Catherine watched Julie unpack her things, and admired the way she looked. Julie stood about 5'8" and had a voluptuous frame that was framed by a mane of gorgeous curly black hair. Julie had really dark eyes that looked almost black. She wore tight black jeans and a tight white tank top, and just a little too much makeup. 

Outside, a loud bell rang out and Julie sat up and looked at Catherine. 

"Well, time to fuck off to orientation"

Catherine looked at her walk off, and noticed that her own eyes wandering to Julies tight butt. Scolding herself and her newfound thoughts, Catherine finished what she was doing and took off after Julie. 

In the orientation, about 50 girls sat down surrounding an alter like area where a large man stood talking about the camp and the agenda for the next 3 weeks. Catherine sighed, wondering herself why she was here. She didn't really have a huge interest in drama. Catherine looked around the room and saw Julie sitting a few rows ahead of her, and her mind wandered back to Julies nice ass. She couldn't help it, Julie had such a beautiful exotic look that she had never seen before. Julie must have noticed eyes on her, and looked back at Catherine and stared. Catherine looked away shamefully, not looking back for the rest of the orientation. 

For the rest of the day, there were assigned workshops, plays, and even movies that had to be attended. Julie was off in another group for most of the day, and Catherine felt a loss not being able to see her. Catherine felt stupid about that seeing as how they just barely met 8 hours ago. At the end of the night, everyone gathered around a campfire and talked about what they learned that day. A group of 4 girls had put on a skit for everyone as well. Catherine and Julie actually sat together at the campfire and small talked about their lives. A couple times, Julie had caught Catherine looking at her, but didn't say anything about it, she just smiled. 

On the way back to the cabin, Catherine and Julie were walking together through the trees, and entered the musty cabin. Julie lay on her bed, just beside Catherine's and sighed. Catherine took out her PJ's and was about to go outside, and find the bathroom to change, when Julie spoke:

"I'm not going to bite you, you can change in here. No need to get bit by a swarm of mosquitoes."

"Uhh, I suppose so, thanks". Catherine said, feeling very uncomfortable now. She has never changed in front of anyone except her mother before. Catherine turned off her light beside the bed, and discreetly changed into her PJ's as quickly as possible. 

Julie had already changed into a pair of tight sweat shorts, and a loose T-Shirt. The two girls never spoke that night after that. 

Catherine woke in the middle of the night to a ruffling sound beside her, thinking that it could be outside, she lay still, like a scared kitten. She just opened her eyes to look outside, and saw that it was actually Julie. Catherine was so naïve that she didn't even realize what Julie was doing until she remembered about a book she saw in the library about masturbation. Catherine had never even touched herself in that way or slept with a man. She tried not to breathe while she watched Julie rub herself but couldn't help but notice a tingling between her legs. Julie had the covers half off of her, and one breast was slightly out of the shirt, and she was pinching it furiously all the while, her hand was working on her little clit. Catherine found the look on Julies face more arousing than what she was actually doing to herself. Julie looked as if she was about to explode, all from what her hands were doing. Her eyes fluttered, and her soft moans made Catherine almost stop breathing. Julie's legs spread even more, and because of the heat in the cabin, she threw the covers right off of her body. Catherine was shocked that Julie wasn't scared about being caught, but Catherine was sure to pretend that she was sleeping as she was so fixated on watching Julie. Julie was still pinching on her right nipple, and gently rubbing her clit in a circular motion, occasionally dipping into her hole for juices. Catherine probably looked as red as a tomato watching this, but she couldn't help but just stare and hope Julie didn't see her watching. All of a sudden Julie arched her pelvis up in the air and let out a long sigh and started to convulse on the bed. Catherine wanted to see if she was ok, but Julie just started to lick her own fingers after the obviously wonderful orgasm, and eventually she pulled the covers back on went back to sleep. Catherine assumed she didn't see her watching and she had a hard time falling back to sleep after what she just saw. 

For the next few days, Catherine was even more shy around Julie, but still, the two became friends during all of the boring lectures and movies. They started to partner up for things and sit together at lunch and dinner. Catherine could still not get Julies rendezvous with herself, out of her mind. She became wet just thinking about it. The other night when Julie was sleeping, Catherine tried to touch herself like Julie had done the night before, but she quickly felt ashamed and stopped. 

Friday, the one night of the week where there isn't anything planned for the evening. Julie and Catherine sat in the cabin talking about anything that came to mind. It was very hot in the cabin, and Julie was wearing just a little tank top and shorts. Catherine had on tight leggings and a tank top. Julie had got up at one point and strode of to the closet at one point during their conversation and brought back a large bottle of vodka. She started drinking some then offered it to Catherine. 

"Isn't that illegal?" Catherine asked. 

"Yeah, so?" Julie replied. 

Catherine just looked at the bottle and thought she better not irritate her only friend in the camp, so she took the bottle and had a small sip. She winced at the taste and Julie giggled. Catherine's body quickly warmed up from the alcohol. 

Over the next hour, the two girls had finished over half the bottle and started talking about sex. They told each other about their fantasies, or in Catherine's case, a lack of. Julie listened closely as Catherine talked about her strict household, and her inability to talk about sex at home. She also told Julie about never being with a man and she actually admitted to her own thoughts about Julie. If it hadn't been for the alcohol, Catherine would never have spoke about it. 

They both dizzily finished off most of the bottle of vodka, and just started to stare at each other.

"Have you ever wanted to be with a woman?" Julie asked curiously.

Catherine was surprised she asked that, but she just looked down and didn't say anything. Julie walked over to her bunk bed, and sat down beside her. Catherine looked up to find Julie's vodka smelling mouth only 4 inches away from hers. Julie looked in her eyes and said; 

" I have been with women, but I want you to experience it now". 

And with that Julie touched Catherine's face gently, lovingly stroking her cheek. Catherine wanted to pull back and run out of the cabin, but she didn't. She felt mounted in place. Julie started to run her fingers along Catherine's pouty lips and down onto her neck. Catherine felt that familiar tingling between her legs and started to become wet again. Catherine just looked at Julie, not knowing what to do. She started to feel violated and very aroused at the same time. Julie leaned forward and put her lips on Catherine's ever so gently. Catherine kissed her back and within 10 seconds, they were exploring each other's tongues. Catherine had to catch her breath when the kiss broke. 

"Lie down Catherine". Julie said erotically. 

Catherine was so mesmerized by this that she lay down as asked. 

Julie lay beside her and got up on one elbow and with the other hand started to trace the contours of Catherine's face and neck. She started to kiss Catherine's face and neck as her hand moved down to Catherine's right breast. Catherine stiffened but Julie told her that she wasn't going to hurt her and Catherine relaxed a bit. Julie started massaging Catherine's breasts and found each nipple and gently pinched them. Catherine let out a quiet moan of pleasure. Slowly Julie found the bottom of Catherine's shirt and worked her way up over her flat belly and over top her bra covered breasts. She found the front clasp and undid the bra, letting Catherine's breasts fall out gently. She then lifted Catherine's shirt up all the way and began kissing her on the belly, tracing up towards her perky breasts. She found a hard nipple and began to slowly and gently suckle it. Catherine let out another sigh of pleasure and thought she would never experience anything like this in her life and was glad it was happening. Julie had both nipples standing straight up and marveled at her accomplishment. She put her had gently down towards Catherine's elastic of her leggings, looked at her, and gently kissed her as her hand slowly found her pubic mound covered by the thin material of her panties. Catherine involuntarily pushed her pelvis up as Julie's fingers found her little bud through her panties. Julie moaned at the feel of her shapely mound. She pressed on her bud with her finger and moved around in a firm circle. 

Catherine was already moaning and sighing out loud, lost in her pleasure. Julie sat up and started to remove Catherine's leggings, leaving her panties. Julie looked at Catherine's long shapely legs, and ran he hands up her calf and thigh. 

"You have the most beautiful legs". Julie said in wonderment. All Catherine could do was let out a delightful sigh, and at that moment, all of her inhibitions of this experience were gone. She wanted to touch Julie all over and give her pleasure. She tried to get up but Julie gently lay her back down on the bed. Julie straddled overtop Catherine and bent down to kiss her gently, then more deeply. Catherine's hands moved to Julie's arms then up over her back. Julie sat up and removed her own shirt and bra. Catherine couldn't help but stare and touch the large breasts of her newfound friend. She gently pinched her nipples and stroked every part of her breasts. Julie moaned softly, and then bent down so Catherine could taste her breasts. Catherine explored them with wonder and excitement as her hands moved down to Julie's tight ass, which she had been staring at for so many days. Julie giggled when Catherine nibbled on one of her breasts but Catherine couldn't help it, she wanted all of Julie. 

Julie then started back down Catherine's belly and towards her pussy. Catherine watched her as she went down and was curious about what she was going to do. Julie started to kiss just above her panty line, and then down toward her covered clit. She started probing and tonguing her clit and covered hole as if she was trying to pry through the panties. Catherine started to buck up towards Julie's hungry tongue, wanting more. Julie moved Catherine's panties down and off her gorgeous legs and came back up in between her thighs. Julie tried to spread Catherine's legs open more but Catherine felt that familiar uneasiness and Julie quickly made that feeling subside when she started to caress Catherine's little nub with her thumb. She kept moving in circles over the nub and went towards her tight hole for some juices. She started to slip in a finger when juices started to come out without any help. She slipped her index finger in and explored the inside of her friends canal. Catherine was already squirming on the bed, moaning in pleasure. Julie moved her face towards Catherine's awaiting clit and gently put her tongue on it, moving slowly, trying not to do things to quickly. Catherine's eyes opened wide with this new pleasure. Julie started to get quicker with her tongue and eventually Catherine was panting and squirming like a dog in heat. Julie put her lips around Catherine's swollen clit and started to suck and lick at the same time all the while her fingers working furiously inside Catherine's pussy. Juices were flowing out everywhere and Catherine was bucking wildly as if to get more of Julies tongue on her clit. Julie took out her finger, and slowly inserted another along with it. Julie continued to tongue Catherine's hard swollen clit and finger her, when Catherine started to somewhat panic and tried to move away from Julie. Julie knew Catherine had never had an orgasm before and didn't know what to expect but she still tried to keep her tongue working on her clit. Julie moved her fingers out of Catherine, and put them under her soft butt, trying to keep her in place. All of a sudden, Catherine let out a loud cry of pleasure as her whole body shook with a raging orgasm. Julie kept prodding her little clit as fast as she could and Catherine just kept cumming. Catherine felt every extremity of her body pulsate from this wonderful feeling and she kept moaning over and over. In about 5 minutes she stopped shaking and Julie moved back up towards Catherine's face. 

"What...happened to me?". Catherine asked, still slightly short of breath. 

"You had an orgasm". Julie said matter-of-factly. Julie was now extremely turned on after that experience, and Catherine had a feeling of what to do. 

Catherine flipped Julie over without saying anything and started to suck Julie's breasts, kiss every part of Julie. Julie was already moaning quite loudly. Catherine was totally excited about making Julie feel the way she just did. It may have been slightly premature, but Catherine went straight down for Julie's pussy. Julie stopped her though, and brought Catherine overtop her so she could access her as well. In the 69 position, Catherine bent over, and took her first smell and taste of a female. Without any experience, she was still able to make Julie moan and grunt in pleasure. She just kept working her tongue over Julie's large clit very quickly and occasionally putting a finger or two inside Julie's hole. In a matter of a couple minutes, Julie had 2 orgasms but the two girls kept working on each other for over an hour. They both were spent and drenched with sweat and love juices as they both lay down beside each other, stroking each other's face and hair and sharing in passionate kisses. 

"Did you like that sweetie?" Julie asked with care. 

All Catherine did was gently pull Julies glowing face towards hers and kiss her and they both knew this was something that was special.