 Walking lazily along the hot pavement I pass a store window, the mannequin's chic clothing catching my eye. Taking only a few more steps, my eyes still glued on the sparkling blue halter top I accidentally bump into someone also on the sidewalk. My hand immediately rests on her arm as I begin to apologize profusely. The woman is on her cell phone and she quickly ends the conversation and flips the phone shut. Her eyes meet mine, sizing me up, evaluating me. Does she think my apology is false? The woman was only an inch shorter than myself, her green eyes easy to get lost in. I softly blush as I realize I had been staring a moment too long. 

"Again I am so sorry miss." 

"Perhaps you should venture inside and try on the lovely top?"

How did she know I was interested in the shirt? She must have been watching me, but then why did she allow me to bump into her? Apparently she could tell by my expression what I was thinking. Her lips formed into a striking smile.

"I noticed you peering into the store; therefore I moved over but you don't necessarily walk in a straight line while your head is turned."

My blushing only continues to deepen. Her eyes continue to stare as if penetrating into my mind.

"Come along, let's try on the shirt, I have some time to kill anyway."

Before I have a chance to fully absorb her words, my hand is already reaching for hers. Her hand so soft and delicate. Her manicured nails adding to her sophisticated appearance. We walk into the store together and directly to the sparkling blue top that brought us together. 

"What size are you?"

"Medium," I answer meekly.

She hands me the top which I take from her grasp slowly. Since we are now inside of a building and out of the hot sun I could clearly see her. Her shoulder length hair was blond, but somehow I knew she colored it. Naturally she was a brunette. Her breasts were small, not quite a c cup. Her curves added to her sexual appeal, my mind wondering what it would feel like to rest my hands on her full hips and pull her further against my naked body. The last thought dangling in mind, I hurry to the fitting room to try on the top. Alone in the small room, I stare at my reflection in the mirror. Cheeks flushed, beads of perspiration forming above my brow, mouth suddenly so very dry, I quickly pull my shirt over my head. My breasts bounce with the swift movement. I peel my bra away, my pink nipples standing proudly. I have always been quite pleased with my own breasts. A solid b cup and perfect size nipples that are so sensitive. The lightest touch sends shivers down my spine. Staring at my hard nipples in the mirror, I can't deny myself the opportunity for immediate gratification. My fingers run along my nipples gently pulling. I sigh with satisfaction at the touch when I am interrupted by a soft knock on the other side of the door.

"Are you ever coming out? I want to see how you look in the top."

"Just a minute," the words running together, the high pitch in my voice signaling my embarrassment.

I end my gentle caresses and pull the shirt down covering my beauty, praying my nipples don't remain erect revealing my pleasing actions. I slowly open the small wooden door and step out into the open, in front of her. She stands with her hands resting on her hips, eyes consuming the delicious sight in front of her. 

"You look beautiful, gorgeous in fact."

My self esteem rapidly building upon hearing her compliments. The woman a stranger, yet not so much anymore. Her praise and most importantly approval essential to me yet I am not even aware of her name. She moves closer to me, closing the gap separating us. Her hands take mine gently squeezing. 

"You are so beautiful."

Her eyes meet mine and seconds later, mine submissively drop.

"You must join me this afternoon for lunch."

My heart skips a beat at her invitation. My mind instantly running wild with fantasies. 

"Of course," I reply and then with hesitation... "I don't even know your name." My breathing faltering as I await her response. Hoping she doesn't turn around and leave the store for some reason, knowing my fear is silly yet perhaps not. 

"All you need to know is that I want you, but since you asked, Tamara."

My heart literally stopping at the spoken words, an immediate need arising to feel her luscious lips against mine. I raise my eyes, speaking my wish using only my eyes. Seconds later, she grants me the simple wish. Her hand tightening its grip on mine she breaks the kiss only to mutter, "Let's skip lunch." I follow her lead without saying a word. At this point she can take me anywhere. 

She waves a taxi down in seconds and gives the driver directions to her place. In the back seat, her hand slowly moves down my thigh, lightly dancing around my knee. "What is your name gorgeous?"

"Sara."

"Kiss me."

My eyes sneak a glance at the driver curious to see if he is aware of anything. Tamara's fingers resting on my chin and forcing me to face her.

"Don't think Sara, just kiss me."

My lips firmly pressed against hers. Her hand cupping my breast, thumb pressing down on my hard nipple. Her tongue sliding in as my mouth opens wider to release an excited moan. Completely forgetting my surroundings, my hand travels across Tamara's back before resting just above her hip. 

"Down tiger," she laughs. 

The next ten minutes are excruciating. Granted, her hand continues traveling along my thigh, my excitement at its peak and getting more difficult to contain as the seconds tick by. Finally we reach her apartment. I follow behind until we reach the elevator. Before the doors close shut, my body collapses against Tamara. 

"I love kissing you," I moan.

The elevator stops on the third floor, a sudden gasp alerting us to the open doors. An older couple staring wide eyed at us. My body pushed up against the far wall of the elevator, my hands on Tamara's ass pulling her further into me, her hands under my shirt kneading my tender flesh. She pulls back and I pull my shirt down. My cheeks bright red, pussy dripping at the slight exhibitionism. Before unlocking the door to her apartment, Tamara turns to me. "Being caught turned you on didn't it?"

"Yes."

"I'll keep that in mind."

Her words music to my ears. Keep it in mind which means there will be another time between us. 

"After you."

Now it's her turn to get a look at my ass. As I walk into the room I'm overwhelmed by the size. I never imagined such a beautiful place. I notice the bar to one side, a comfortable couch and fireplace to the other. I imagine how beautiful it must be to make love next to a roaring fire. 

"Would you like a drink?"

"I'll have whatever you are having."

Tamara returns with two beers. I sit next to her on the leather couch. 

"Your place is so beautiful, I love the fireplace."

"I'm glad you like it."

"I love it."

"I love your body."

I couldn't help but smile at her forwardness. I was glad she was getting right into it because truth be told as beautiful as the apartment was, I wanted to get my eyes and more importantly hands on something hotter. 

"I'm glad you like it."

"Sit on my lap tiger."

Our lips are together before I'm even in her lap. Her hands caressing me through my shirt. I lean back and pull the shirt over my head. I had left my bra in the dressing room. I knew I wouldn't be needing it any longer. Our next few kisses full of passion as her hands caress and knead my lovely breasts. My lips stray from her mouth and once her fingers begin pinching my aching buds, I kiss her neck. As the pressure intensifies on my nipples, I suck harder on her neck leaving a perfect red mark. 

"I want to suck on your nipples, lean back."

I pull back and once her lips wrap tightly around my nipple and begin to suck, I throw my head back instantly moaning. My hands around her neck, I force my breast further into her mouth as her tongue laps at my nipple. 

"Oh yes," I moan and then she did it. I felt her teeth graze gently across and then she bit down. I screamed and my hips ground against Tamara's lap. She bit down again and I yelped even louder, my juices flooding my panties. Gentle sucking followed and I looked down at her to watch her suck my nipple. Watching my nipple slick with her saliva pop out of her mouth was more than I could take. Apparently, Tamara sensed this.

"Bedroom," she ordered. 

I practically jumped out of her lap and grabbed her hand. As we entered the bedroom she pulled my body against hers, back against her breasts. She unbuttoned my pants and stuck her hand down into my panties.

"You are dripping tiger, god you're hot."

"Of course I am," I giggled. "All because of you."

Her fingers gently caress my swollen sex. I was like putty in her hot hands. She led me to the bed and told me to strip and wait for her. I was disappointed at her departure, but I figured she was just teasing me, forcing me to wait. When Tamara returned she was topless yet her pants were still on which I found interesting. I was glad though because I still had the chance to remove them myself, unwrapping a precious gift in a way. My eyes immediately drawn to her gorgeous breasts, therefore I never saw the bulge in her pants, a surprise to come later. I held my arms out for her and soon my arms were wrapped around her beautiful body. It wasn't long before I was pushing her head down my body to my sopping pussy. I needed to feel her lips kissing my wet sex, her tongue bathing my clit, her mouth making sweet love to me. Her hot breath beating against my clit which wasn't quite all the way out from the hood yet. My bare lips wet with moisture, the result of all the built up attention.

"I'm going to enjoy feeling your body quiver against my face."

Her tongue slowly exploring the new terrain at first. Oh what a big tongue it is, covering so much ground with one lap. My body trembling before her second round. 

"Your clit is so big."

"Mmmm please suck it, I need you to."

"Patience tiger, I like to take my time at first."

My fingers twirling in her soft thick hair, trying to pull her against me but to no avail.

"What did I just say?"

I accept defeat and instead my hands begin massaging my own breasts. Her eyes watching me stroke my own nipples which have grown in size. I'm surprised when I feel her tongue enter me. My body tenses and I groan. I spread my legs wider hoping she takes the invitation. Further in her tongue slides and a continual moan escapes from us both. Then unexpectedly her tongue is back on my clit. I squeeze my breasts together and close my eyes. Her fingers enter my pussy while her tongue kisses my hard clit. The fucking slowly building and I begin moaning her name. Her thumb presses down on my clit and my legs begin trembling. I cum as she licks around my tight ass hole. Her tongue runs directly over my hole without penetrating and I feel my second orgasm quickly building. The thought of the nastiness of all this turning me on more with every passing second. My second orgasm hits as her tongue pushes into my tight hole, immediately meeting resistance. My body covered in sweat and cum, I lay on the bed panting.

Tamara's body resting against mine, I taste my own cum mixed with her saliva. 

"I hope I can bring you that much pleasure," I whisper.

"I'm sure you will tiger."

I lower my head and take a hot nipple into my mouth and immediately begin sucking. My other hand travels down her stomach, tracing lazy circles around her belly button before resting at the top of her jeans. Tamara positions herself so she is now on top, her body fully pressing against me and it's then that I notice the feel of it. Her nipple pops out of my mouth as I look down and notice the bulge in her pants.

"You're wearing a cock?" I ask half in disbelief and half in curiosity. 

"You have never been with a woman who wears one before?"

I just shake my head no. My fingers slowly undo her pants and cautiously slide inside to feel the fake cock. The feel of the rubber not to mention the thickness of it strangely turning me on. Before long my hand is gently stroking the cock, Tamara smiling at my acceptance.

"Would you like to suck my cock tiger?"

Never before had I ever imagined myself sucking a fake cock, hell I had never even blown a man before. Looking into Tamara's eyes I reply yes. We kiss before rolling over so I am on top. I kiss down her neck, cleavage, and tight stomach. Before long I reach her crotch and there I wait for her to make the move. I hear the sound of the zipper and then there it is. Right in front of me a thick black rubber cock. It was huge! I was scared I might gag with that monster in my mouth. I feel her soft hand on the back of my head and then she pushes me down, my mouth opening wide to take it. I only take half of the cock at first to get used to it. I run my mouth along the shaft thankful it doesn't taste too much like rubber. Tamara's fingers still busy in my hair, encouraging me along. My eyes meet hers and it's then that I realize how turned on I am, how much I'm enjoying this. Seeing Tamara so turned on and simply being able to look deep into her eyes. My fear of looking like a cheap whore vanishing. Her hips move and more of the cock disappears into my mouth. My right hand grips the bottom half of the cock as my right hand reaches out to fondle her breasts. She continues fucking my mouth until she's close to orgasm. She pulls out her cock, my saliva dripping from the thick shaft. I whine at the loss, wanting her back in my mouth fucking me. 

"You are so hot tiger, watching a gorgeous gal suck my cock always gets me going." 

In a blink of an eye, her pants are on the floor and I'm on my back. Now naked except for the cock she positions herself between my legs. She resists the urge to drive the monster into me and instead allows my pussy to slowly swallow the thick invasion inch by inch. For a few seconds she remains inside, my pussy quickly accommodating. Her hips begin building a slow steady rhythm. Before long, my nails are digging into Tamara's back leaving fresh marks, the slight pain turning her on even more. She's fucking me hard, her fingers gliding over my clit every few seconds. 

"God I love you," I scream.

She groans louder as her orgasm hits, driving the cock into me one last time triggering my orgasm. Her slick body collapses on mine, both of us gasping for air. She raises her head and I lean down to kiss her. My hands grip her tight ass, her breasts mashing mine. 

The following evening I knock on Tamara's door, dressed in a short skirt and a simple blouse. We made plans to dine at one of her favorite restaurants. She opens the door and wraps her arms around me. 

"You look beautiful."

"As do you."

We kiss softly.

"If I may make a request?"

"Certainly," I reply wondering if she was going to suggest skipping dinner.

She pulls away and returns a moment later with a bag in hand. 

"Change into this?"

I take the bag curious as to what she has picked out for me to wear. Halfway down the hall, I realize what it might be. I hurry into the bathroom and reach into the bag and sure enough I pull the sparkling blue halter top out. I return wearing the chic top. 

"Absolutely gorgeous."

"Thank you."

I slowly turn around so she can see the full effect. 

"We may have to skip dinner?"

"No," she replies smiling. "If you get to be too much, I may just have to undress you in the middle of the restaurant."

My cheeks blush profusely and with that we leave her apartment and head for the elevator to begin the evening.