 I'm always happy to receive CONSTRUCTIVE criticism. Be kind, this is my first story.

******

Lights flashing, the smell of cigarette smoke, perfume and alcohol permeate the dance floor. The music is loud and the crowd is lively. Holly doesn't go out to night clubs very often, especially considering that she wasn't 21 yet, but when she does the 20 year old likes to let her hair down and have fun. The young college student loved being able to dress sexy and show off her fit tanned body. Tonight was no different. 

Holly knew how to dress to make every inch of her curvaceous 5'3" 108 lb frame look amazing. Her hair was shoulder length, brown with blond highlights. The young girl wore a dark brown tank top with spaghetti straps that barely covered her belly button ring, accentuating her toned stomach and full 34C breasts. She also wore a pair of skin tight black hip hugger Lycra pants that allowed people to appreciate the lovely tribal tattoo on her lower back. Beneath the tattoo, and above her hip huggers, was a strategically positioned pair of black thong panties to help accentuate the young woman's lovely hips and butt. 

The 20 year old was drawing the attention of sorts of onlookers. One of which was Alex, a 51 year old butch lesbian sitting at the bar, drinking a beer and admiring the lovely young woman on the dance floor. Normally Alex wouldn't have come to a bar like this, it wasn't her scene. This was a straight club which catered mainly to the college crowd. The 51 year old preferred going to a lesbian club across town, but tonight was different. Alex was just dumped by her longtime girlfriend.. She wanted to get drunk and this club was just a block away from her apartment.

Although the mature lesbian was devastated having just been dumped, she had to admit that the brunette on the dance floor was certainly easy on the eyes. In fact, she made Alex forget about her ex. The swaying of that sexy young body was mesmerizing. The mature woman tried not to objectify women as objects, but she found herself lusting after the beautiful brunette on the dance floor.

Holly danced with wild abandon, letting her body move to the rhythm of the music. The 20 year old had no problem finding willing dance partners. Normally that was a good thing, but not at the moment. One of the guys, who was obviously drunk, was man-handling the young girl, trying to pull her top down. The the young woman, who was also drunk herself, slapped him. The look on his face was that of astonishment which quickly turned to anger. He slapped her with the back of his hand. He was about to slap her again, but before he could, a glass bottle shattered above his head. 

"That's no way to treat a lady you stupid son of a bitch", said a husky voice out of the shadows. "Are you okay miss?"

Still somewhat shaken with tears in her eyes, Holly replied "Yes, I think so thank you".

"You're welcome honey." said the deep voice. 

Before another word could be uttered, the bouncers descended upon the scene. Several of them checked on the man lying unconscious on the floor. Another pair rushed Holly's savior, hitting the shadowy figure in the stomach before throwing the young woman's protector out the front door.

"Wait, he's the one who protected me from that guy," said Holly as she pointed to the unconscious man on the ground. But it was too late. The young girl's knight in shining armor was already out the front door. The beautiful brunette decided to run out and check on the person who helped her. There she found her defender leaning against the wall. Holly walked over and finally caught of glimpse of the person. She was old, much older than the college student. This older woman was 5'9', 208 lbs with a beer belly, and had brownish-gray hair cut very short. A very masculine looking woman, wearing blue jeans and a long sleeve crimson colored thermal shirt.

"Hi, I'm Holly. Thank you for helping me. Are you alright?" the college student asked.

With a meek smile on her face she said, "My name's Alex and I'm fine honey. I'm more concerned about you. Are you OK?"

"I'm fine thanks to you." said Holly as she smiled. "You are my hero! Is there any way I can make it up to you?"

Alex's heart skipped a beat when she heard this. Even though the older lesbian knew it was completely wrong, she was extremely attracted to a girl. It was against the butch lesbian's principals to go after straight women and women who were more than 10 years younger than her. The beautiful brunette standing in front of her definitely broke both of those principals, but Alex just couldn't resist her. Staring deeply into the young woman's beautiful gray eyes and smiling sheepishly she said, "Well if you're asking honey. I guess I...I...would it be too much to ask you for a kiss?"

Normally Holly would have politely said no to such a request. The college student was straight. Though she had fantasized about making with women before, Holly had never kissed a girl before. It didn't help that the 20 year old found the masculine woman completely unattractive either. But the brunette felt obligated to grant Alex's request since the older woman did help her out.

Holly smiled and said. "You saved me from that jerk. I would be more than happy to give you a kiss."

The masculine older woman smiled. She gently caressed Holly's cheek, slowly moving her hand back, running her fingers through the young girls' soft hair. The young girl could feel the experienced lesbian's left hand on her right hip. Then in a swift but gentle motion Alex pulled Holly close to her. 

The butch lesbian pressed her lips against the young girls lips, kissing her softly. Holly was hoping that it would be a quick peck on the lips, but she could feel the old woman's tongue forcing it's way into her mouth. All the brunette could do was to let Alex's tongue into her mouth. The overweight woman pulled the beautiful young woman into her, their bodies touching. Holly felt the foreign tongue massaging her own tongue. For a brief moment, the college student found herself aroused. She put her arms around the butch lesbian's neck, tenderly kissing Alex back. Realizing what she had done, the much younger girl quickly regained her composure, Holly's arms fell to her sides and she finally broke off the kiss.

"Well, uh... Thanks again!" said Holly as she began to walk off.

"Uh, uh, wait!" Said Alex, hoping to find a way to keep the young girl from leaving..

The young girl turned around. "Yes." said Holly, hoping to get out of the situation as quickly as possible.

"I don't think you're in any condition to drive. Do you have a friend to take to home?" asked the older woman.

"No, my friend left a while ago. But I'm okay to drive." said the college student.

"I don't want you getting hurt young lady. Look, I have an apartment across the street. You can have my bed, I'll take the couch." said Alex.

Holly looked for a way to get out of the situation. "I know what you're trying to do. I'm really flattered, but I'm not interested. Besides, I think I'll be fine. Thanks for the offer."

"Look, you can leave just as soon as you sober up, plus my bedroom door has a lock on it and I'll be sleeping on the couch if you're concerned." replied her butch protector.

Holly felt trapped. She didn't want to spend the night at this woman's place, but she knew she was too drunk to drive home. "I...I guess so." relented Holly.. 

"Great! Follow me." said the older woman as she led Holly off to her apartment.

As the two women walked towards the apartment, they got to know a little more about each other. Alex was single, 51 and was a librarian at the local library. Holly had a boyfriend who was in college in another city, she was a student at the University in town.

Alex opened the door for the young girl. "Ladies first".

"But you're a woman aren't you?" asked Holly.

Smiling, the butch dyke said, "Technically yes."

"Technically?" said the 20 year old. Alex replied, "It's complicated, but anatomically, I'm a woman. But I've got a lot of male tendencies. As you've probably figured out, I'm a lesbian. In gay speak, I'm a butch lesbian."

"What's a butch lesbian?" asked Holly quizzically. 

"Well, essentially it's a lesbian who typically dresses and acts like a man." said the older woman.

The young girl smiled and said, "That makes sense. And that also explains why you're dressed up like a guy then."

"You've got it girl." said the mature older woman as she laughed.

After a few moments of awkward silence, Holly asked. "Alex, where's your bathroom? I really have to pee!"

"It's down the hall. The first door on the right." replied the butch dyke.

The masculine older woman watched Holly as she walked to the bathroom. Alex couldn't help but admire the young girls beautiful figure. This girl just seemed to be pull from one of Alex's dreams. Holly was just so delicate, so lovely, so feminine. The way the young girl's hips would sway as she walked just made the overweight lesbian lust after her all the more.

Remembering the fact that Holly wasn't interested, Alex decided to sit on the couch and watch TV. Shortly thereafter, the young girl came out of the bathroom and joined the older woman on the couch. The lovely young brunette took off her open-toed stilettos, her feet were aching from wearing such uncomfortable shoes. The college student started to rub her feat to relive the pain.

"Here, let me do that." said Alex as she grabbed Holly's left leg and began to massage the young girl's foot.

"Thanks." said Holly nervously.

The older woman couldn't help it. This young thing was just so sexy, Alex couldn't help herself. She would do almost anything to be near sexy young woman, to touch her, to kiss her, to ravish her. The older woman new it was wrong. It was wrong for so many reasons. Holly was so young compared to the 51 year old lesbian. Another and more important reason was that the brunette was straight AND had a boyfriend. Yet despite the feelings of guilt Alex couldn't help but lust after the nubile young woman sitting beside her.

Doing her best not to think about it, the 51 year old concentrated on massaging Holly's feet. "How does that feel?"

Holly was still a little nervous, but Alex was very skilled at foot massages. Her foot felt much better. "That feels good, thank you." said Holly.

"I'm glad. Would you like me to work on your other foot?" asked Alex.

"Actually yes. You're very good at giving foot massages." replied the brunette as she pulled her right leg up to the couch and guided her well manicured foot to Alex's skilled hands. 

The mature woman could tell that this girl took great pride in her appearance. "My honey, your feet are exquisite! Your toes are so cute with that red nail polish! And that toe ring is really hot too!" exclaimed the butch lesbian with a smile.

"Thanks Alex." replied the young girl. Somewhat surprised that this woman would notice. Not even her boyfriend Mike noticed that. Holly was starting to feel a little more comfortable around the older woman.

Nervous and not knowing what to say, Alex reiterated, "I mean it. You have the most beautiful feet I've ever seen. I would massage them for you every day if I could." The older woman grimaced. She immediately knew that she stepped over the line with that remark.

Surprisingly, Holly didn't take offense to the comment. In fact the beautiful young brunette was flattered to have someone compliment her on her feet. And Alex was doing an exceptional job giving the young woman a foot massage. Feeling more at ease with the 51 year old, Holly playfully said "Your hands feel so good. I would love for you to give me foot massages all the time!"

Alex was somewhat dumbfounded. She was surprised that Holly seemed to be flirting back with her. The older woman decided that there was nothing wrong with a little innocent flirting. "Well baby, if you play your cards right I'll also give you my famous back massages." said Alex as she gave Holly a little wink.

Holly giggled. It was so cheesy, but also very cute. "Oh really? I think you're just trying to get into my pants." said the young girl as she arched her right foot, the one that Alex was massaging, so that it pointed directly at the butch lesbian. Attempting to bring home the point that the 51 year old was trying to have sex with her.

With the young girls foot pointing at her, Alex took that as a sign that Holly wanted her to do more. Smiling she replied, "You are so hot baby, I would love to be with you!" In that same breath, she stared giving Holly's foot soft butterfly kisses. Then, staring deeply into the brunette's lovely gray eyes, the overweight woman began to suck on Holly's pretty little toes.

Holly was shocked to say the least. She wasn't expecting Alex to do that. There was a certain amount of surprise and horror. It was a little repulsive to Holly to see this woman sucking on her toes with such abandon. But at the same time, the beautiful young brunette could feel her body tingling. Holly could see the lust and desire Alex had for her. Her mind was full of mixed emotions. Part of Holly found it repulsive and disgusting. It was so taboo, being with a woman, an older overweight woman, an unattractive woman who dressed like a man! And for the very reasons that made it so taboo, so repulsive, also made it exciting and erotic to the beautiful young woman.

The only thing Holly could say was, "Oh my god!"

Continuing to staring into the young girl's pretty eyes, Alex asked. "Do you want me to stop baby?"

Holly didn't say a word. She really didn't know what to say.

The masculine older woman let go of Holly's foot, took the young girl by the arm and pulled her close. With one hand stroking the brunette's left arm and the other hand gently caressing Holly's cheek, she leaned in close. The 20 year olds heart was pounding so hard, it felt like it was going to burst out of her chest. 

The butch lesbian said "It's okay baby. I'll stop. I don't want to force you to do anything you don't want to do. But I do want to kiss you one last time."

Holly's body was still tingling, she was feeling sexually aroused as the bigger, older woman leaned in to give her one last kiss. The young girl felt Alex's lips touching hers. The young woman opened her mouth and began to french kiss the older woman.

Alex was surprised, but didn't waste the opportunity. She pulled the young girl closer to her, running her hands up and down the brunette's supple body. Holly threw her left arm around Alex's neck and ran her right hand through the older woman's short gray hair as they continued kissing.

The overweight woman broke off the kissing long enough to say, "God you're so hot baby! I want to take you. I want to make you mine!"

That enthralled the young brunette, her body was tingling all over. There was a sexual desire building within her that the 20 year old had never felt before. Strange as it was, Holly found herself wanting to be with Alex.

The college student noticed a chair in the dinning room and asked with a smile, "Would you like me to dance for you?"

The overweight woman's eyes were wide open and said with a big smile, "Hell yeah baby! I want you to dance for me!"

Holly got up off the couch and walked seductively, swaying her hips as she made her way toward one of the chairs in the dining room. Alex couldn't help but admire the young woman's beautiful firm ass as she was walking. The mature woman also loved that tribal tattoo on Holly's lower back which guided her stare at that tiny thong that disappeared right above those hip huggers.

The 20 year old said, "Okay, sit here."

Alex got up from the couch and made her way to the chair, and sat down.

Holly said, "Okay there's one rule. I can touch you, but you can't touch me."

The butch lesbian smiled and said, "I don't think I'm gonna like that rule."

Holly just smiled and began to dance. At first, facing the older woman. She swayed her hips left and right, running her hands through her hair. Alex found herself staring at the sexy brunette's curvy hips, slim waist and flat stomach; following it up to a pair of ample breasts. Holly used her right leg to spread Alex's legs apart.

The young girl then began to straddle Alex's left leg, putting her hands on the older woman's shoulders. Holly lowered herself onto the butch lesbian's thick leg and began to grind her crotch on it. Holly slowly moved her crotch up and down the older woman's leg several times. Both women were becoming very aroused by this.

Then Holly got up and swung her right leg around, with her ass swaying right in front of Alex's face. The college girl unzipped her pants. With her her hands on each side of her curvy hips, holding onto the thin material of her hip huggers, Holly pulled them down a bit. Just enough for the older woman to see the small thong that highlighted the young woman's smooth supple ass. Slowly, Holly let her pants slide further down her legs until they dropped to her ankles and then stepped out of them.

Alex loved it. Holly had the most beautiful ass. It was just so tempting to reach out and run her hands all across this beautiful young girl. Then, before the butch lesbian realized it, Holly sat in front of her grinding that beautiful ass against the older woman's crotch.

Holly was shocked to feel a bulge in Alex's pants. The college student got up, turned around and said, "What the hell is that?"

The butch lesbian smiled, somewhat embarrassed and said, "Uh, I' m wearing my strap on.". 

Surprised and curious, Holly asked, "Can I see it?"

Alex smiled and began to unzip her jeans. She reached in and pulled out a life like 6 inch long erect silicon penis. The young girl looked at it in amazement.

"Do you wear that all the time?" asked the young girl.

The older woman replied, "No, not all the time, but generally whenever I go out. It makes me feel more like a man. And I also like the way it feels when I'm inside a woman."

Holly asked, "You can feel it?"

"Sort of. I can feel the hilt of my cock grinding against my clit when I'm making love to a woman. Or when I rub it." replied Alex as she began to run her hand across the shaft of her surrogate phallus.

"It looks so real! Oh my god, that's really hot!" said the sexy young brunette.

Holly got down on her knees in front of Alex and started to take over, running her hand along the shaft of the butch lesbian's strap on. The young college student looked up at Alex, staring into the older woman's eyes as she kissed the head of the overweight woman's cock. Then Holly took Alex's cock into her mouth. 

The mature lesbian never had a woman go down on her before, especially not a woman as attractive as Holly. Seeing this beautiful young brunette between her legs sucking on her strap on was making the manly woman extremely hot. With both hands, the older woman tenderly caressed the young girl's face as she looked deeply into the young girl's eyes. "God baby, you're so damn beautiful! I want you. I want to be inside you so badly girl!"

Alex put her hands underneath Holly's arms and pull her up like a child and had the young woman sit on her leg. The butch lesbian began to kiss the 20 year old with wild abandon as she began to pull off the college student's small tank top. And there she found Holly's lovely full breasts. They had to be at least 34C. The young girl's nipples were so beautiful. Each were the size of silver dollars, just begging to be touched.

The older woman began to caress the young girl's breasts as she passionately kissed the 20 year old. Alex ran her fingers across Holly's nipples and gently squeezing her breasts. The butch lesbian could feel her young lover's nipples becoming erect under hear touch. Alex kissed the young woman's chin, and then the young girl's neck, moving her way down to Holly's left breast. The older woman circled Holly's erect nipple with her tongue before she finally enveloped it in her mouth. Alex suckled from Holly's nipple, hungry with desire.
