 {Chapter IV {Sunday, 00:02} 

I open the fridge and pour myself some iced tea whilst looking at the message on the cellphone over the kitchen counter that I'm lying against. By closing the door with a foot, I drink some of the grass-tasting liquid and look at the stool that hadn't ever seen as much action as in the previous hours. 

My memory is fuzzy since my brain hasn't quite processed what has happened. For a synesthetic, the body mixes up the signals produced by stimuli. For me, blue tastes like cotton and green is acid. Being at the kitchen doesn't trigger much, but the mere looking at the stool we were when she rode my fingers makes me aroused. So I drink a bit more of the tea, fill my cup once again and slide the seat under the table so I can focus on other things. 

That's when I hear a knock - is it the first one? I don't know - which gets me to the front door in time for watching the handle being turned and the door to be opened. It's her again, on her dark dress, stylish hairdo, empty handed but with a dazzling smile on. 

"Tea?" I offer mine since we hadn't ever had any problem with sharing cups or bottles before, and it would make less sense to have any "hygiene-issue" now. I get my fingers to the handle, opening the door wider and making way for her to step inside, closing the door behind her, who sips the drink, the glass resting between her hands. 

"How long have you been here?" She asks whilst wandering around the living room. I lock the door and get both hands into my pockets, walking to the sofa but remaining up and at some distance. 

"Ahm... About a couple of months, really. It's closer to..." 

"Work, yes. I remember you told me you wanted to live closer so you could come home for lunch, napping, shower..." She plays with the glass, sliding her fingers around its top as she looks at the modest bookcase by the window, between my acoustic guitar and the TV hack. I remember that talk, it was probably the last time we got engaged into a real conversation. I could have brought that information up, but then what good would it do? 

"Yeah... So, what now? Are you going back or moving somewhere else? Any plans?" I ask, still keeping my distance but genuinely interested. A curve takes place at the corner of her lips just before finishing the drink and placing the cup on the table where everyone had dinner. She looks at me with this mysterious grin on, now walking into where I was standing. 

"Is that your bedroom over there?" She points to the door next to the kitchen, past the dinner table. I know the apartment fairly well so I don't need to look away from her and that expression on her eyes. It smells (synesthesia) dangerous. 

"That's the studio... And you haven't answered me." I kept on staring at her who was staring back but, different from me, she had this fun aura around here while I was maybe tense, maybe anxious. 

"Sure we could just sit around and talk the night away..." She gets closer enough to fiddle with the buttons of my shirt. We are the same height so I just keep looking at her moving her fingers to the collar and letting - I'm pretty sure it's on purpose - her fingernails gently scrape my neck, causing me to blink slowly and tilt my head to its side. I do clear my throat and open my eyes to seem a bit alert, looking at hers. 

"I don't think you wanna do that." I say, taking my hands out of my pockets and placing them on her hips, pulling her closer without any protest or dispute, eyes still locked. 

"Pfff!" She puffs, holding a smile and scraping her fingernails a bit rougher until reaching the back of my neck "I wanna do you." And she leaps into a kiss pulling my neck as I pull her waist to the point no one can get any closer. Again it's a brushing of lips and mutual sucking that starts out more than fine, fiery already. She locks a hand at my hair, getting her nails to tease my skin and get my neck hair up, rubbing her other hand on my shirt, over my nipples. Meanwhile I get a hand to squeeze one of her butt cheeks at the same time another goes up through her side, stopping at her neck. I bite her lips, sliding a thumb along her jaw and taking my hand to the back of her head, setting us both in motion to walk a few meters to the bedroom. 

Once there - the door was already open although I could remember closing it during the party - I try to take advantage since I know the furniture setting and layout, turning us both when just past the door, pushing her up against the wall. The hand that was on the back of her head continued there to prevent any hurting as well as the one on her back. She had gotten her hands on my shoulders due to the rotating motion, and managed to get them to start unbuttoning my shirt as we break the kiss to explore more. 

I position myself a bit to a side so I have a leg between hers and vice-versa. She motions to remove my unbuttoned shirt so I take my hands off her body to let that piece of cloth go, as well as a moan when she bites one of my earlobes, running her tongue over it afterwards. There are a few things that would make me go from 0 to 80 km/h in a matter of seconds - that is definitely one of them, and she knows it. 

"... okay!" I say exasperatedly, muffling a moan by closing my mouth and getting my hands over to her thighs and up to her waist, bending my knees a little bit whilst carrying the bottom of the dress to her hips and opening space for my hipbone to brush over her underwear. 

"Wow, what are you doing?" Her lips are still there, on my ear, which makes me just want to go on and on, so I bend again, moving hands from her dress bottom whilst moving my hips below her waistline. I get to give her boobs a squeeze from over the dress whilst getting back up on my feet, grinding her against the wall. I could have said "I'm doing you" but why bother speaking when you can actually do it? Her breathing isn't much steady anymore - mine is no different - and she moves her hands to my shoulder and... 

"Wait, what?" I say as she pushes me away, finding the lights dimmer and turning them on at about 70% luminosity. I frown my eyebrows, closing my eyes due to the sudden lighting. 

"You're not fooling me." She says with a tone. I keep my forehead frowned but manage to open my eyes and look at her and the pushing of hands on me, towards the bed. 

"What are you saying?" Are we really interrupting everything to engage into a talk that doesn't even make sense? I'm dizzy, my brain wasn't counting on being called up so soon. She giggles softly, which tells my brain that something is up and it may, probably, go back to what it was doing. I confirm my presumption as she gives me a final push towards the bed. I contrive to remain up, as a way to defy her playfully - it's not that common for the counterparts to have the energy, willingness and opportunity to get me done, people just say it but, given time, they turn out to just be done and resting after. When someone seems to really want to do it, I cannot help myself but to test one's disposition by offering some resistance. She squeezes her eyes and places her hands on my belt buckle, which is a sign for me to go after the buttons or fly of her dress. In a matter of seconds we are off the main garments, both in our underwear. 

"Can you turn off the lights? It's bothering me a little." I ask, to which she just smiles and steps away towards the dimmer, turning it to perhaps 20%, nearly dark but still providing the possibility of observing silhouettes. I took the time to remove my shoes whilst she stepped down hers before we meet again at the edge of the bed. "Thanks." I say, reaching out a hand to set some hair to the side, off her face. 

For a second it seems that things have cooled down or off. Maybe I was speaking too much? And what's up with the hand on her hair? I clear my throat and lean over to kiss one of her cheeks while my hands embrace her torso and one goes over her bra. She pulls a similar move but bolder, since she goes for biting my shoulder and, already letting the bra free, pushes me once again towards the bed. 

I meet its surface with my bareback and, before I can rest on my elbows to move my torso up and in an angular position, she lays on top of me, sliding a bit and rubbing her body (and laced lingerie) against mine, causing the immediate response of my nipples which are just woken up. 

I pause my hands, which were on the way to remove her bra, before they reach their destination for two reasons: 1- that just felt so good; 2- she is on the move, sliding and scraping my body with hers again, but now getting her lips to kiss my collarbone and lick all the way between my boobs. I resume my hands movement to caress one of her shoulders and the back of her head. 

She gets one hand to strike at my hardened nipple, playing with it and sending all kinds of signals - hot, luscious - across my body that starts twisting to one side or the other as she keeps on doing whatever delicious thing she's at. I fill my lungs with air as breathing gets more difficult, only to let it all out when she grabs the other nipple between her teeth, licking its tip before grazing her tongue around it and over the areola, finally welcoming it inside her mouth, along with some light sucking. 

I twist again, arching my back up and bending my hips down, ecstatic. She alters the pressure on both hand and mouth to something heavier, intense, causing me to moan loudly before recoiling one of my hands to smother the ones to come. I hear a giggle and turn my head down to find her staring. 

"That was nice!" she says, looking at me whilst caressing a boob with her palm and enticing the other with the brush of her lips. 

"Feels nice..." that's what I am able to say before she takes me into her mouth again, getting me to wiggle more as she raises the bar: each hand works on a breast while her tongue, teeth and lips go through the valley between them. 

My breath had long been unpaced and uneven, and my body wasn't any logical or would respond to anything other than her rubbing and grinding and teasing. It all got worse (not meaning bad, but harder to control) when she, already down yet still manipulating my boobs, greeted my swollen clit with the tip of her nose, over the underwear cloth. As a reflex I moved a leg to close and protect my womanhood, but her shoulders were well-placed, she didn't even need to move her hands away from me. 

A deep sigh can be heard when she slides her nose onto my inner thigh, adjoined by a hand that crawls up to the inside of my panties and starts removing that until it's gone and I'm all there, flesh, arousal and bones. 

I hold my breathing for I know what's about to happen - I'm far from being able to reason or control anything at this point. Her tongue touches the skin between the major labia and the crotch, being joined by her teeth and some bites in sync with what one of her hands was doing with my nipples. Then I have all of my air leaving me when she touches over my c-spot with the side of her thumb, brushing it again but now with her lips. 

"oh my God..." I gasp for air - how am I able to speak? Have no idea -, lock some of her hair on my hand and take another to pull the bed sheet whilst my pelvis contorts under her who brushes her lips over again before the underside of her tongue runs across the clit, down to the juiced opening, and back to the erectile spot. 

She works both tongue and lips, tilting her head to one of the sides for a better angle to what resembles her kisses - but now at a super, highly responsive and orgasmic area. My hips move to one side, messing up with her frantic rhythm on me, which causes her to embrace one of my legs with the arm that wasn't enticing my boobs, as if to better get a hold of those involuntary snake-like movements. That's when she takes advantage of that to humidify her thumb knuckles and get them to rub over the clit while the tongue gets to softly penetrating my womanhood. Do I need to mention that it's just like throwing gasoline to an existing fire source? 

Moans start to come out more often as she picks up pace and combines all that stimuli on the breast, clitoris and vaginal opening. I move my hips for maintaining and breaking the rhythm, causing both delicious rhythm-matching up and mind-blowing asynchronies. 

Heavy breathing gets a higher frequency, I can see my thorax moving up and down and the bed bouncing just like the movements she does with her knuckles. Everything seems to get faster and heavier and thrilling and stickier and darker and sidereal space and unicorns and rainbows. 

"..." my breathing isn't even, it seems to be cut down into smaller yet different pieces. My hips twirl uncontrollably and the rooftop of my mouth starts tingling, itching, as well as the vagina walls and thigh contract. I run my fingertips - or nail prototypes - over the bed sheet as well as pull her hair at some strength I cannot precise but will later wish wasn't too vigorous to cause her any pain. "... f-f-fuck!" 

"Yes m'am" That's what she says before, within seconds, crawling on top of me, between my legs and sticking two fingers in there in a rough motion that causes me to blackout, lose my senses for a few seconds. I cannot hear anything, or see, or speak. It's as if I were knocked down, I guess, and got to see only starts circling my eyes - but, contrary to boxing and UFC, it's a luscious, exquisite, knock down. 

Her body is rubbing against mine and I get to move a hand to the elbow of her working hand, applying some more pressure there. She gets her palm to rub over the clit and her teeth to spicy it up (as if it were possible!) by working on my earlobe, striking her fingers vigorously and maintaining a pace that comprises both bodies and even the bed to move altogether. 

It doesn't take much longer for my moans to increase in frequency and become shorter and shorter until my thighs try to squeeze her, my body tries to arch up and hips try to twist around as I come, battling to breath and deal with saliva and toes twirl, finally getting to the pelvic relaxation phase. 

I take a hand to tap one of her shoulders, gently, as she lays on top as if trying to listen to my overtly fastened heartbeat. The rooftop of my mouth still tingles and itches.