 I often thought of the mall that I worked in as an old oil painting hung up in a basement rec room. Nobody ever really paid it much attention, but it would sit there unchanging, collecting dust - and if it was gone, folks would probably feel like something was missing.

I worked in a large chain department store that time forgot, in a low key job in women's wear that allowed me to muddle around in life post college. I had no plans really, other than to not go back home, one town over, to live with my parents and younger brother. 

The thing was - I liked my oil painting life at that point. I enjoyed my little routines, living alone was okay too. I liked putting on a blouse and skirt, sensible heels and my name tag, clicking along the ancient orange tiles at the mall, riding the escalator with coffee in hand. It probably sounds stupid, but I felt like I had graduated to being an adult - no longer milling about in the food court doing dumb shit with dumb people. I dressed respectfully, dealt with people decades older than me, and had responsibilities. Not bad for your average 21 year old I thought.

I think it helped that I had found college exhausting - not so much the work, but rather the lifestyle. Maybe it would have been different if I hadn't stayed so close to home - but the idea that higher education would get people out of that high school status game turned out to be a sham. The need to party and fuck and gossip, whether you like it or not, you can get swallowed up in it all, as I did - but unless you found your soulmate, everyone was pretty much fleeing campus empty-handed after graduation, anxious to actually start their real life.

I was happy here though. In my oil painting. Going home to make dinner and watch Frasier re-runs with my cat Poe. Free to do whatever I pleased.

One particular day though, I found myself having an unusual moment.

I had just helped a woman purchase some socks for her husband, and was going about wrapping everything up, when I glanced up across the aisle. It was relatively late, so the store was dead - but I hadn't noticed this girl - this woman, who had walked over to the cash and seemed to be waiting for my customer.

She was of middling height, with black hair, pale skin and thick framed glasses, wearing a denim jacket and a purple t-shirt. Her shoulders were wide and round, and despite her frame, she seemed... delicate. I momentarily caught myself staring at this young woman, I suppose most likely my own age, and felt a blush rise on my cheeks when she offered a polite smile. 

I smiled back, and handed her friend, or her mother a bag with the socks, and thanked her for coming. As they walked away, I realized that I hadn't taken my eyes off of the girl, taking note of the fullness of her bum in the yoga pants she wore. Did I know her? I thought to myself, watching them reach the exit. Does she know me?

As they opened the door to leave, she turned and looked back at me. My heart skipped.

* * * * * *

Oh my god. She was back.

I had bent down behind my cash to get a new receipt tape, and had just straightened up when i found myself face to face with the girl from last week. I had been jolted, but my face reddened for its own reasons. 

"C-Can, I uh, can I help you?" I sputtered out my standard greeting, struggling to reset myself. She had put her hands on the sales counter, and I spied her small fingers and chipped pink nail polish. Maybe she was a year or two younger than me? She couldn't still be in high school I thought.

"Hi, yeah - I was looking for a pullover, and was uh, wondering where I might find those,"

I weirdly felt a bit of sadness as she spoke - knowing that pullovers were out of my section. Things were quiet as usual though, so I thought maybe I could take her over. 

"Oh, sure - well, they're in activewear. Why don't I show you where that is," I locked my cash register, and slipped out from behind the counter. Walking together, I spotted the two of us in a mirror and noted the contrast. While only an inch or two taller, my awkward skinniness made it seem like I loomed over her. She wore a brown jacket today, with a plain white oxford shirt underneath, and skinny jeans. On the other hand, I was dressed in a knee-length tweed skirt, peach coloured blouse and my long brown hair tied in a pony tail. Neither of us spoke as we walked, and if she was anything like me, she was probably at a loss trying to figure out what to say.

We had just stepped into activewear when I saw Ginny, folding pants. Dammit, I thought. Ginny was a 55 year old grandma who took her job as senior sales associate seriously - she would like you alright, but the minute you stepped into the section she was working in it became a turf war. She looked up at me expectantly.

"Oh hi Ginny, this young lady here was looking for a pullover, so I thought I would bring her over to you," I fake smiled through my words. I looked over at the girl and winced, trying to apologize with my eyes as I began to back off. 

"Oh well Linda, thank you so much for that!" Ginny started corralling her new customer, gently nudging her towards a rack of sweaters. 

"Yes, thank you... Linda." The girl had turned and looked at me as she said my name, before being whisked off into activewear. I began to walk back to my cash, thinking to myself. She'll be back.

A few days later, I was proven right.

* * * * * *

Mr. Donnelly was a kind old man who came in every holiday to buy his wife something. He was small and grey, very dotty but charming nonetheless. His wife was always in and out of the hospital, and so often his purchases would bounce back and forth from stylish blouses to bathrobes and slippers. By this point, I was already familiar with her sizing, despite never having met the woman. I was helping him pick out a flannel nightgown when I spied a dark haired, pale skinned customer, lingering amongst the shelves and racks.

"Now, I'm not sure the Missus would go for a pattern so outrageous..." Mr Donnelly carried on with his musings, which on any other occasion I would have listened to intently. At the moment though, my mystery girl had drawn all focus. Glancing over at the racks I inadvertently made eye contact with her, earning a nod and a pleasant little smile. 

"You know dear, if you need to deal with your friend over there, I'm perfectly alright poking about here on my own," He pushed through the clothes, examining his options while muttering to himself. I took the chance.

Straightening myself out, and clearing my throat, I crossed the aisle and greeted her. She held a bag in one hand, and an iced coffee in the other. 

"Hi again, was there anything I might help you with today? You got your pullover okay the last time?" I clasped my hands together and smiled warmly, trying to figure out how to segue-way from the role of salesperson to - well, just a person.

"Linda, right?" My eyes softened, and my heart raced hearing her say my name.

"Yessss," I hissed out foolishly, giving into my nerves. 

"I'm Kelly," She took the bag from the one hand and offered me the empty one. I reached out and gently squeezed it, perhaps taking a second too long to feel her warmth. As the handshake ended, I found myself at odds as to what to do with myself, and just fiddled with my fingers. "I was wondering - like, I have a wedding to go to in a couple weeks..."

I took a sharp breath and held it. 

"... so I was looking for a dress,"

Exhale. Totally forgot. I'm a salesperson.

"Oh sure, of course. Definitely. Right now I'm just helping this gentlemen over here, but if -"

"Oh no, I don't mean right now. I mean, you're busy, and I've gotta get going," We walked out from the racks and into the aisle. "I was just wondering when you might be around, and not busy here this week? Like, is there a good time to come by?"

Mr Donnelly had made his choices and was waiting patiently at the cash register.

"You know what - Kelly, right? Kelly - Friday night, just before close would be perfect. Why don't you come by then?"

"Sure, thats perfect. I will." Her eyes lit up behind thick frames, and I grinned broadly as I moved behind the sales counter. "Thanks Linda, I'll see you Friday."

She said my name again. My heart hummed. Back to work though, no time I thought.

"Okay, Mr. Donnelly, what do we have here today?" I looked down at the nightgown he had chosen, it was our busiest calico print. 

"Y'know dear? At first I thought this might be too daring - but figure, sometimes you take a chance, right?"

I looked up at him blankly, trying to see if he was making a point for my benefit. He glanced back without a thought on his face. I returned to tearing off the price tag, chastising myself for thinking he had noticed anything.

"I will say this though, your cute friend really seems to like you, eh?"

My eyes shot up to see a slow smile crossing Mr. Donnelly's face.

"It's a good thing, you seem to like her too,"

My whole body reddened, but for whatever embarassment I had felt - there was ten thousand times the excitement at the prospect that this girl might actually like me.

* * * * * *

It had been cloudy all day, and just before rush hour the skies opened up and it poured. I was about halfway through my shift when the after work crowd buzzed through, dragging wet umbrellas around the store, and pawing at the merchandise. I would watch as they entered our doors, pass through the women's wear section, then perfume and jewelry before entering the main mall. They would return with bags from other stores, reversing their path and exiting to the parking lot. It was a wholly familiar affair I watched day after day, except this time I was anxious for at least one passer-by to stop at my counter.

Kelly.

I had nervously picked my outfit today to be a little less librarian, and a tad more modern. Kelly's hair cut was short and sharp, her glasses fairly trendy. She worked the androgynous look well enough to arouse my attention, and I had wondered once or twice, whether I came off as antiquated as my mall. I felt the need to update a bit.

I had chosen a crisp white button down, a black flare skirt that came up just above my knee, and patent leather chunky heels. By the time I got to work though, I had felt far too "nightclubby" and swapped my shoes for a pair of black canvas flats. Ginny had seen me walk into the staff room and gave me a weird look that made me self conscious, so I tied back my hair in a pony tail and redid my makeup.

This was stupid I thought, as I leaned forward on my counter, spying the clock. Getting myself worked up over something that was barely a flirtation. It was almost 8, and if Kelly was really going to show up, she was definitely cutting it close. 

"Linda my dear," Ginny poked her head up out of nowhere, crashing my train of thought. "Cyril back home has a nasty headache, what with all that weather out there - so I asked Paul if I could skeedaddle out a bit early tonight, and he said by all means. So if you don't mind just keeping an eye on activewear for the next hour, I'd truly appreciate it."

There was no stopping a woman with her purse over her shoulder, and Ginny was practically out of sight before I could respond. I looked out at the store, across all the racks of clothes and saw not a single customer in sight. Pam and Marcie gossiped in perfumes while our manager Paul had started to drag the security gate across the entrance. Good god people, I thought to myself - we still have an hour left -

"Hey Linda," A tap on my shoulder twirled me around to face Kelly. I tried to hide my excitement. 

"Kelly!," I failed at that hiding bit. "I was beginning to wonder if you were going to make it... I mean, in the storm." Looking at her, I could tell she had dashed out in the rain, her hair was damp, and there were little droplets on her glasses. 

"Yeah, I know - I'm a bit of a mess, I'm sorry. I really tried to get here quicker," Kelly ran her hand back through her hair, before taking her glasses off and looking for a dry spot on her shirt to wipe them off. She lifted the hem of her t-shirt, and I spotted her soft white belly, ever so slightly spilling over the button of her jeans. Trying hard not to get caught staring, I looked up at her face. With her eyes downcast, and clear of glasses, I noticed how long her eyelashes were. A single drop of water ran down the bridge of her nose, drawing my eye to a light dusting of freckles. I froze this moment in my memory. 

"You wouldn't happen to have any paper towels or something would you?" She peered up at me sheepishly. 

"Well how about we get you back to a change room and get you straightened up, if thats cool,"

I led her past my counter and the sales table and unlocked the door to the change rooms, gesturing her to go on in. Our change rooms were simple stalls with a stool and a 3/4 length door that would let you see feet when someone was inside. A floor to ceiling mirror was hung in each stall, with another in the open space. 

"I thought I would go ahead and pull some stuff for you to try on, if thats okay with you, I just wasn't sure about your size..." I trailed off, hesitating at a guess. I felt like she might have been a 10, but didn't want to insult her if that was too big. I walked to the end of the change rooms and opened the janitors closet, tearing off a handful of paper towel and passing it along to Kelly. She started to dry her hair with it before looking around for a garbage container. Her hair was mussed, and boyish. I wondered if that's how she looked waking up in the morning.

"Um, I'm a size 10, thanks,"

I took the wet paper towel from her hand, and opened a stall door. "Why don't you get out of all that, and I'll go grab you some dresses." I winced at the possibility of sounding too flirtatious just then. I grabbed a stack of dresses I had set aside for Kelly's visit, and headed back into the change rooms. When I walked down the row of stalls, I came to a stop beside the one closed door and tapped it lightly with my knuckle. 

"I think I've got some really nice stuff for you here. I wasn't sure what your tastes were, so I hope you like them,"

I slung a red brocade mini dress over the door, and leaned against the wall, picking at my cuticle. I glanced at the floor to watch Kelly stepping out of her jeans, wearing little white socks. I bit my lip before my thoughts drifted. Fabric rustled, a door unlatched, and this beautiful woman stepped out before me.

White skin against red fabric with a messy shock of black hair. The skirt flared out, accentuating her wide hips, its length drawing my attention to Kelly's newly exposed thighs. I felt a twinge between my legs as I let my eyes take it all in.

"Well?" Kelly pursed her lips and waited for my reaction. I took a moment to collect myself before speaking.

"I think you look AMAZING! The colour works so well for you, and..." My train of thought derailed momentarily. "But, I have to wonder if its a little too fun for a wedding. Like, is this a fun hipster thing or —"

"Nah, its my mother's cousin's daughter - rented veteran's hall kind of thing, so-"

"Hrm, okay - let me find something a bit more genteel, if you will," I shuffled through some hangers, before pulling out a blue jacket and skirt combo and handing it to Kelly. "Try this one,"

More cuticle examination, more rustling of fabric and another door unlatching later. 

The blue jacket/skirt combo was indeed more staid, and I knew it was wrong the minute she stepped out. What prevented me from saying so right away was the fact that Kelly hadn't bothered to put her t-shirt back on to try this one out, and even buttoned up, I could see her cleavage and bra between the lapels. I fought the urge to step forward and undo those buttons, instead giving her an up and down before meeting her eyes and sharing a look of mutual distaste. We both laughed.

"Okay, let me see something along the same lines but younger looking —" I turned away and started to move dresses along the rack, when Kelly came up behind me and reached out for something. I could feel the warmth of her arm beside my shoulder, and stood perfectly still.

"Actually, I was just looking at this one," She lifted a long mauve taffeta dress from the rack, and I let my hand glance by the fabric as it passed. I had included it in the pile despite feeling it was a bit too bridesmaid or prom-like. It was incredibly feminine, and I was curious as to how it would look on Kelly. She had kept the dress out at arms length, and twirled it around on the hanger to get a better look before trying it on. The both of us seemed to realize at the same time, that this dress was going to be a bit different than the other two. For starters, it was corseted, and required another pair of hands to tie up the laces on the back. She slowly looked over at me.

"Help me put this one on?"

I nodded, and we both stepped inside the changing room, at which point, everything began to move in slow motion.

Kelly unbuttoned the blue jacket and shrugged it off, replacing it on the hanger, before twisting her skirt around to unzip, and letting it pool at her feet. I stood there motionless, watching it all unfold before my eyes. I eyed the flesh on her back pressed tight under bra straps, wandering down her spine and taking in the white cotton panties stretched over her full bottom. I stole glimpses in the mirror ahead, watching her breasts hang as she bent over to pick up the skirt. I so badly wanted to touch her.

She unhooked the gown and lowered it enough to step into. One leg after the other and she was shimmying it up her body. I was surprised at how womanly she was, out of her typical gear, her curves and clefts making me simultaneously feel hungry for her body, while feeling insecure about mine. She stood still for a few seconds before I realized it was my turn to help, and my hands went to begin lacing her up. 

"Hold on a second," Kelly shifted in front of me, curling a hand around behind her back, and undoing her bra. She pulled the straps down over her shoulders, and yanked it out from the front. I peered down at her round pink nipples spilled out into the cups of the dress. My legs trembled, and I had to force myself to focus.

Trying the best I could, I strung up the laces on her back, memorizing every mark and mole along her spine. I had almost finished the job when she bowed her head ever so slightly, moving her arm up beside the mirror to brace herself. My eye travelled the delicate line of hair that lead up to the sharply buzzed back of her head, and for some reason, I broke. My hands slid along her body, resting on her hips, and as I closed my eyes I felt her shiver as I kissed the back of her neck. 

The first kiss lingered, as if I knew that it might be the only one. But without resistance, I began to pepper her neck and her shoulders with kisses. Little pecks, gentle nibbles. Kelly whimpered, and moved her body back into mine. I wrapped my arms around her stomach and drew her in like breath. Simple touch was like release, and I felt my own body ripen and warm. I stopped my ministrations and settled my mouth beside her ear. 

"I...I.."

Kelly turned and moved me against the wall of the cubicle, and I watched as this gorgeous woman in a taffeta gown closed in on me. Our lips were thrust together, and I felt her tongue probe my mouth as she spread her palms out over my breasts. I instinctively widened my stance, opening my legs and almost begging to be touched. Instead, her hands flew over the buttons of my blouse, tearing the fabric off my shoulders and leaving it hanging from the waistband of my skirt. My hardened nipples stuck out crudely from my dainty lace bra, making it easy for Kelly to find with her mouth. I felt her hands unzipping my skirt, and shook my hips to help the fabric fall away.
