 I sat in my cubicle well after eleven o'clock and rubbed my sore neck and shoulders. I was so tired of these late night proposals that always had to be finished before morning. My boss, Andy, had a habit of dropping thick folders on my desk as he whisked his beautiful girlfriend out of the office every evening. I sneered at him behind his back, but I would never have dared to do so at his face.

The building was quiet with the light from my computer being the only thing casting a glow over the dark room. Rows and rows of cubicles filled the center of the large room and doors to various offices and board rooms were closed all around the edges. I should have been scared to be in here so late at night by myself, but I knew that the President of the company paid good money for the security firm downstairs.

Just as I finished a new paragraph, the icon in my upper left corner began flashing. E-mail. Sighing loudly, I leaned back and clicked the mouse with my right hand. It was from my boyfriend. Something meaningless about when I would be home. I typed a quick response and leaned further back in my chair. My body was aching from sitting all day as my eyes fell upon the pictures on my shelf. I missed my boyfriend, Shane, desperately. He had been away on business for two weeks and was finally home. I was stuck in this cubicle when I really wanted to be in bed with him. As the thoughts of what I was missing ran through my head, I trailed a hand down my shirt. Although I had never really imagined myself as the masturbating type, I thought that a few caresses might prompt me to get the tension out of my body. My nipples were hard as I circled them with my fingers. My other hand sat atop my thigh and I could feel it warming beneath my touch. Thinking of my boyfriend's monstrous cock, I slid my hand up my skirt and rubbed my pussy through the layers of lace. I loved this thong. It was my favorite one and I had put it on in anticipation of what was waiting for me at home.

The sensations building within me were almost surprising as I felt myself prop my legs up on my workstation and rub myself harder. I liked the way my legs looked in heels and it felt slutty to be rubbing myself in my office chair where anyone who walked by could see me. Sadly, I wouldn't have done this if I had thought that there was a slight possibility that someone was in the building to see me. I am a conservative girl. At the moment, however, I was a conservative girl with a burning need. Fleetingly, I thought that I should have tried masturbation earlier in my life. I never knew it could feel so good.

I felt my pussy growing moist through the lace so I slid my fingers underneath the fabric and inserted a long, thin finger between the lips. I didn't dive right into myself. Instead, I lovingly ran my finger up and down from clit to asshole. The sensation made me sticky and I could hear the wet slick as my finger moved. Something in my body urged me to go further and I placed a finger into my deep hole. That wasn't enough so I pushed two and then three fingers into myself. My free hand stopped stroking my nipples and also dove under the fabric of my thong. The addition made the thin string strain against my ass, deepening my pleasure. I spread my legs even wider and used my free hand to tug and pinch my clit. I was in ecstasy now and let out a soft moan, involuntarily. There was no way I was going to stop until I had cum.

Rubbing and moaning I began to throw my head back and close my eyes in pleasure. The position made me light-headed and I forced my inserted fingers to pound my hole harder. Reaching climax, I let out a yelp and felt the juices flow freely all over my hand. My chair was soaked with cum and my panties were a total waste. I stood up carefully and removed them. The thought of sitting at my desk without panties on made me instantly hotter. Smiling to myself, I wiped my messy hand on some tissues and headed for the bathroom.

"Where do you think you're going?" asked a voice from the darkness. I jumped in shock and turned to see my boss's girlfriend standing in the shadows.

"What are you doing here?" I asked, ignoring her question.

"I asked where you were going?" she said again with a hardened tone. I felt my heart race. If she was here, that meant so was he. I was pretty sure she had seen me and I wasn't sure how much trouble I would be in for masturbating in my chair at work. This was humiliating in itself, but I would not afford to lose my job.

"Um, I..." I trailed off.

"You better come with me," she said, gripping my arm with her hand. Her nails were long and dug into my skin as we walked. I knew better than to say anything.

"Please," I started to say. 

"Shut up," she snapped. I complied. I was a little taken aback that this woman was so forceful. She always seemed like a mousey little thing when she was with my boss.

She led me to my boss's door and I felt my breath catch again. I thought about muttering please, but my words trailed off as she flung the door open. My boss was naked on the couch with nothing but a leather collar around his neck.

"Look what I found," she sneered as she shoved me into the room. "She was getting herself off in her chair! She made quite a mess!" My eyes lowered at the accusations.

I waited for my boss to try to cover himself or something, but he just stared at her expectantly. My heart was racing. It was awkward enough to have been caught masturbating the one and only time I had ever attempted it. It was quite another thing to be standing cum soaked in my boss's office as he sat naked on the couch in front of me. My eyes trailed down and I noticed his cock, thick and shiny amidst blonde pubic hairs. If he had been nicer to me in the past, I might have been turned on by the sight. It had been two weeks since I had felt a cock inside of me. I longed to get out of this situation and get home to my boyfriend.

"What should I do with her?" his girlfriend asked, forcefully.

"What would you like to do, Mistress?" was his response. My eyes widened in shock. As domineering as he was at the office, I never would have imagined him to be the submissive type. That explained the collar around his neck.

"I think I want to play with her," she stated.

"No, I'm..." I started.

"Slave, if she doesn't play with me, will you fire her?" she asked, expectantly. I was pretty sure there were a million laws against this, but the embarrassing court procedures were flashing before my eyes. I held my breath and waited for his careful answer.

"If it is your desire," he responded, his eyes downcast. 

"Do you hear that, bitch? You have to play with us or you'll be fired."

I nodded for the lack of anything better to do.

"Don't worry, this will be fun. You wanted it badly enough to finger fuck yourself, and now you'll join our little party. Isn't that right, slave?" she asked as she crossed the room to him and rubbed his face.

"Yes," he responded without looking at me.

"Why don't you take off your clothes?" she instructed me. "And you watch her," she told him as she held his chin up so that his gaze would fall upon me.

I'd never been an exhibitionist before, but I had a fairly nice body. I was not ashamed to show it off when I could. I slowly began to unbutton my shirt and remove my garments. 

"Look him in the eyes when you do it!" she yelled at me. In my mind, I wondered why she was treating me like a slave. I wasn't her property although my boss clearly was. Still, I felt a sense of arousal within myself as I met his gaze. His cock was hardening and I realized that he must have found me attractive. I wanted to smile, but I was afraid it might piss off his girlfriend. Instead, managing the most seductive look I could muster, I slowly removed each piece of my clothing while looking him straight in the eyes.

When I stood before them naked, she smiled approvingly. "God, you're gorgeous," she whispered as she walked towards me. "Isn't she gorgeous, slave?"

"Yes, Mistress," he responded. I noticed his cock was rock hard now and he was pretending not to pay any attention. I could see his thigh muscles twitch as he longed to get at me. Surprisingly, my pussy felt wet and juicy at this new attention.

His girlfriend stood before me and knelt down until her face was level with my breasts. She held out her tongue and flicked at my nipple. I jumped, involuntarily. I had been pretty adventurous in college, but I had never made love to another woman. Although, there had been plenty who were attractive to me. Now that I thought about it, the idea was intriguing. I looked over the girlfriend's body and wondered what was beneath her clothes. She was athletic in build although her frame remained small. She had long, luxurious legs and hair that fell down her back. As she licked at my breasts, I felt myself growing warm from the inside out. A moan escaped my throat.

"Do you like this?" She asked as her tongue trailed down my abdomen. She stopped the trail of her tongue just above the line to my pubic hair and I felt my body begging her to continue downward.

"Oh yes," I replied.

"Would you like more?" she pulled for an answer.

"Yes, please," I whispered with hope.

"Come this way," she said as she got to her feet and pulled me to the couch.

"Lay down, Charlie," she told my boss. He obediently laid down on the smooth leather. I couldn't help but notice his cock standing straight up. Had it not been for the wanting inside of me, I might have found the situation funny.

"Sit on his face," she demanded as she guided my legs to straddle his head. Awkwardly, I positioned my wet pussy just hairs away from my boss's face.

"I want you to lick her until she cums," the girlfriend instructed. I was grateful for her instructions because the desire was quickly building within me. I noticed that she moved herself out of my view as I felt his tongue dive ravenously into my wet pussy. He licked me like I would imagine a thirsty dog's tongue feels in a water bowl. His tongue was wide and rough and it instantly made me moan and buck. I caught myself moving up and down on his tongue as if it were a small cock that I was milking with all of my might. The waves started deep within me and I felt the sensation make me go light-headed. Waves of ecstasy rocked my body as my cum poured out onto his face. I knew that I wasn't the "creaming" type so it was easy to visualize me dumping cum on my boss's face. He would be a mess. I remained hovered over him as I waited for her next instructions. If she was going to force him to do things to me, I was intrigued with how amazing this night would turn out.

"Again and make it good this time," I heard her say. My pussy was tingling with ecstasy as I felt his tongue return to me again. This time, he slid a finger into my asshole as he licked me. The sensation made me moan loudly as he slid his finger in and out of my tight little hole. Finally, as he inserted his finger and shoved it deep up my rectum, he wriggled it around until the waves of pleasure swept me again, and I came all over his face. I heard a soft chuckling behind me.

"Good job, my slave," she purred from behind me. I felt her hands reach around and grab both of my breasts and she pulled me into her. She was naked now and I could feel her body press passionately into mine. Suddenly, I wanted to fuck her the way that I imagine men look at me when I'm in the throws of passion.

She massaged my breasts roughly until I threw my head backwards to land on her shoulder. She bit me softly between the neck and shoulder and I reached behind me to touch her ass. I could feel her soft flesh and leather.

When she let go of me, she came around to face me. I don't think ever before or since then a woman has taken my breath away quite so effectively. She was wearing no bra but long, leather chaps that left her bare pussy stand out in comparison between the black material. I had seen shaved pussies in my boyfriend's porn magazines, but the idea of having one so close to me made me salivate. I longed to put my mouth on her.

"You're such a good girl," she purred to me. "Why don't you treat yourself?" she said. With that, she lay down on the floor and spread her legs wide. She had her feet on the floor with her knees bent, and her knees fell off to each side to allow me the most amazing view. Her pussy was perfect. I scrambled off of the couch and dove for her. My tongue first tasted the shaved lips where I felt myself grow wet with each taste. She tasted like honey and I was dying for more. I slid my tongue between her pussy lips and gently moved my head up and down to run the length of her slit. She threw her head back and began moaning. That was a signal for me to go further. Gently, I began to suck and bite her clit. I would suck and pull back until she moaned loudly. I did this over and over again as my fingers found their way into her delicious hole. 

Feeling the wet, sticky, warmth of her juices, I moved my mouth until it was centered directly on her hole. I dove my face into her pressing into her flesh as hard as I could. My tongue dove deep and I could not breathe for being smashed into her pussy so hard with my face. I didn't care. I would gladly suffocate if I could leave this world with my mouth inside of her. She was the most delicious tasting creature I had ever known. I plunged my finger into her asshole as she fucked my face. Her body rocked with spasms before her sweet liquid spilled out into my mouth. I pulled back enough to let it fall on my tongue. Slowly and gently, I licked her clean.  

"Amazing girl. I think I could use a slut of my own. I'm getting tired of his boring cock. I think you should join our little fold and let me be your mistress. I could visit you at lunch and you could do everything to me that I ask of you. I will make your dreams come true and you will pleasure me like no man could. Are you interested?"

My next words have changed my life forever, "Yes, Mistress."