 Introduction

Hey there. I'm Eve. This is a story about a portion of my life that centers around one area. A changing room. That might sound confusing now, but it will all make sense in a minute. All you need to know about this series is, while it does start centered in a changing room, it expands to other areas as well. Anyways, Let's get started.

Chapter 1: Jenny, Paula, and Demi

I work at a high end women's clothing store, Ms. Raquel's, that prides itself on its customer service. There I work as one of the ten changing room assistants. My job is simple enough. Sit in the changing rooms and when women want to try something on, I am there to assist in the changing and to make suggestions. There are nine changing room assistants who do this job normally.

And then there is me.

You see, sometimes, when a beautiful woman enters my training room I give them a FULL experience, if you catch my drift. I'm usually able to tell what the best way to go about this is and, now that I've been here for two years, I've tried them all. Sometimes, if my customer is a lesbian and I can tell, I'll just drop some hints and we're at it in no time. Other times I have to slowly seduce the customer, whether straight or lesbian, through a few visits. And on a few occasions I have to put my foot down and be a bit...forceful. Don't worry, I've never hurt anyone. Not even a little. There are times when they want to be forceful with me actually. I always have the customer's best interest at heart. In fact I rarely even get to have any pleasure for myself, as much as I'd like to. The focus is always on them.

Now this chapter is basically a normal day at my job, but I start the series here because this is basically the beginning of a particularly fun period of time.

It was Monday and I was arriving to work an hour late. I ran in as fast as I could to see Molly at the changing room front desk counter, like always. I should probably tell you about Molly.

Molly began working here when she was 18(she's 19 now), about a year after I started. She is a pretty little thing. She's slim, but doesn't exactly have a full figure, I guess because she's still developing a little. She has fiery red hair to her ass, and cute 36B breasts. Her skin is quite pale though, pasty some would say, but it's free of any type of blemish and suits her redhead look. Anyways, a few months into her work here she approached me after one day after closing.

"I know what you're doing," she said, bluntly. "I know what you do all day in your changing room with those women."

I was without words. Before this no one I worked with even knew I was a lesbian. I just stood there thinking what I could do to have her not tell anyone and trying to figure out how I was discovered.

"Hehe, don't worry," she laughed, breaking me from my thoughts. "I want to help you." I looked down at her, confused.

"And how would you do that?'" I asked.

"Don't you see? I work the front desk; I tell the women in line which room to go to. I could send the more...preferable customers your way."

"And what would you want in return?"



"Just one thing, I want a session."

"What do you mean by that?"

"You know, I want to be one of your customers."

As it turned out, Molly didn't really know the full extent of what I did. She thought I just got customers to lick my pussy. So we worked out a deal in which once a month, I let Molly go down on me. In return she only sends me, as she would put it, the preferable women. She does much more actually, but we'll get to that later. About nine months had passed since then and I had to admit, Molly was making my job even more fun.

I gave her a wink and a smile and went down to my room, good old changing room 10, to get everything in order. Now these rooms aren't very big, but they're bigger than your average changing room. They're about 10 feet long 7 feet wide, and the ceiling is only about 7 feet high. They are always changing the colors of the walls. Currently it was a sort of maroon. There is a mirror on the door once you close it and one exactly opposite that one on the other end of the room. The door slides open and closed, and it's pretty hard to hear anything going on in the room from the outside, still though, that is where my additions come in.

I spent quite a deal of money soundproofing the room, which is the most important change. Also, there is an ionizer that runs 24/7, keeping the room. In addition, there is a large compartment in the floor filled with all kinds of goodies. The walls come with a few more surprises, but we'll get to those later.

Everything in my room can be hidden away in case Ms.Raquel, the owner and the stores namesake, ever comes by to check on things, though she rarely does, and most room sweeps are conducted by Molly. Before her, my additions were just wishful thinking.

Once in my room, I checked myself in the mirror. My hair, dirty blonde, was in a ponytail, but I decided to let it down. I absolutely adored the navy blue, semi-backless dress I was wearing that day, we don't really have a uniform here. It was pretty simple, came down to my knees, wasn't very tight it didn't really show off my ass, the ass I work tirelessly at the gym to keep perfect and tone. But it did do well to showcase my long legs a bit.

I left my room and walked over to Molly. The rooms are all in a straight line from 1-10 so I have to walk passed all the other rooms to get to her.

"You look amazing today," Molly told me. "I'm so jealous of your tan." I tend to stay active in my life, running and hiking at times. It keeps slime and flat in the places I should be, full in all the others, and gives me a soft tan.

"Thanks dear. But you say that every day."

"Well it's true everyday." she giggled. I sighed. This girl was quite the flirt.

"So do me a favor honey, don't send me anyone for like 10 more minutes."

"Sure thing," she said. Then she leaned in a little closer and whispered, "Fuck them good today." I pretended to laugh. That's Molly's only problem. She thinks I do what I do just for me. And while it's true I get a thrill and lots of fun out of it, the focus is always on the customer. I don't have a good time unless they have a good time. Plus I just don't like the word "fuck", at least not to refer to sex, which I understand is pretty ironic. I thanked her and gave her butt a quick pinch without anyone seeing. I never go down on her, but sometimes I tease her in innocent little ways. And since she's on the pale side, she blushes bright red, which is absolutely adorable.

As I walked away I turned around to catch her staring at my legs. She got all flustered and blushed again, the little minx. The relationship between me and Molly is sort of an odd one. She will follow me blindly with whatever I say but it's not like I'm her mistress or anything. It's feels sort of like a teacher student relationship. If the student licked the teachers pussy.

I got to my room and just relaxed for a bit. I thought about how much help Molly had been lately. She had three main jobs. The first two, sending me preferred customers and passing me up on inspection, were significant, but the third was the most important: background checks.

I won't go into detail, but Molly has had some trouble with the law. She was kicked out of MIT(yeah, THAT MIT) and placed under house arrest for a short while for hacking into...actually its best if I don't tell you what she hacked into. Long story short, Molly can find out a lot about a person with just their drivers license, and whenever she sends me a customer, she conducts quite an extensive background check in a short amount of time. You would be surprised how many married women, whom by the way I never touch, don't wear rings. She's also prevents me from trying to seduce people with criminal records that show they aren't very good with anger.

I was snapped out of my thoughts as I got a text while the first customer of the day knocked on the door. It was a nice looking blonde woman with the biggest purse I had ever seen. The text was from Molly, which I expected, and just read "Clean". This was basically the green light to go ahead and do my thing but I wasn't really into it considering I was still half asleep. I did the duty I was paid for and nothing more. I know it seems hypocritical of me to say I have their best interests at heart and not please them, but the customer still leaves happy even if I don't do anything. Also, I know it seems like everyone's fantasy, and it was mine to, but licking pussy all day and is exhausting. Trust me, I've tried it.

A couple hours passed and I was still too tired to do anything very fun with my customers. Then, Molly sent me a text saying "It's Jenny!". I had completely forgotten that I made an appointment with her.

Jenny was this incredible brunette. She had brown eyes, dark brown hair to her tail bone, and body very similar to my own. Like me she had 36c breasts and a slim but tone figure. We were also the same age, 27. She was an inch or two taller than me though(I'm 5'8), and her skin wasn't as tan as mine, but definitely not pale either.

I had seen Jenny two times before and I could tell she had a taste for women. Though I usually figure out how to get in my customers pants easily, but I was having a hard time reading Jenny.

The first time she had been here she wanted to try on a very fancy dress. When I was helping her into it, I got quite close quite often, feeling around her hips while I tightened it, caressing her back ever so slightly as I zipped her up, and giving her incessant compliments. But when I watched her face in the mirror I could see that there she was enjoying some of it, and looking annoyed with other parts, so I still wasn't sure if this would have to be a seduction, where I convince her to get with me, or if she just wanted a flirtation, where we both dive in willingly.

She's been coming by every Monday since. The next time she wanted a custom dress made. For this I had to personally take some very exact body measurements. But still nothing happened. So now she was here to try on her new custom dress, and I was suddenly wide awake.

"Hey Jenny!" I exclaimed as I opened the door. In my normal life I'm sort of quiet, I have a small circle of good friends, but in room 10 I have no inhibitions, and tend to be enthusiastic. 

"Hi Eve, got my dress," she said, showing me the long flowing yellow fabric in her hands. She was wearing a tight white T that really showed off her breasts and some tight jeans. "Although the one you have on right now might be better, you look hot."

"Thanks. Ya it is pretty sexy isn't it, haha." I would never actually say that in real life, but I thought it would work for Jenny. I realized I was wrong when I saw Jenny get her annoyed face again. I just couldn't figure this girl out.

She took off her shirt and her jeans and I helped her get into her dress. The whole time I was thinking how I could land her, considering this could easily be the last time I see her. She looked at herself for a bit in the mirror.

"So Eve," she said to me but still looking at herself in the mirror, "where'd you get that dress from?"

"Oh, I got it right here in Ms. Raquel's of course," I said truthfully. The policy was that all employees have to wear Ms. Raquel's merchandise in order to avoid uniforms. It was actually a good way of advertising some of the clothes.

"Could I try it on?"

"Umm, sure I'll go find one," I offered and excused myself from the room. I was still thinking what to do with Jenny. I thought of all the times she liked what I said, then all the times she didn't, and all of a sudden it hit me. I stopped, turned around and went back to the room.

"I'm sorry Jenny but we don't have any more of these dresses in stock," I lied. Her next statement would determine if I was right about her.

"Oh well could I order one and just try on the one you're wearing?" There it was! I had realized that I neither needed to seduce or flirt with Jenny, she was trying to, and really wanted to, seduce me.

"Oh umm," I whimpered with false shyness. In reality if there was a woman who's legs I've wanted to be between for weeks in front of me, and she asked me to take off my dress, that thing would fall before she could finish the sentence. But she wanted to seduce me, and I was going to let her.

"Sure I guess," I concluded.

"Thank you so much Eve," she smiled, "I can get out of this one myself, just have that ready for me when I'm done please."

"Umm, ok." I said in a shy, hushed tone. It was hard not to laugh, but I could tell Jenny had the same style of seduction as me, so I knew how to act.

As we undressed to our bra and panties, or in my case just panties, I turned my back to her to seem shy. I would sneak a look every few seconds and made sure she caught some of them, showing her I was curious, and keeping her interest.

"Oh ya," she remembered when we were done, "can't wear this for a backless." She slowly unhooked here lace bra and her breasts fell out. They were gorgeous, and made me a little moist. Not too big, but not small at all. They were full and rounded with little chocolate chip like nipples. They were very similar to mine actually, except less tan and my nipples are pink. I only took a glance though; it would be out of character to stare.

"Could you be careful with this please?" I asked as I handed her the dress, "My bo...EX-boyfriend bought it for me." I said with a sad face. Her face, though, lit up. She came to the realization that I (or at least the character I was playing) was straight. I could tell she was happy that I would be her first girl. Of course all that was a lie.

"Of course honey," she said with a smile. God this girl was just like me. We were the same age but she was acting almost motherly towards me.

As she handled the new dress I thought of a next move, as this seemed like an ideal moment for her to strike.

I have to pause for a second and just say how proud of myself I am for this. I'll be the first to say I am an atrocious actor, but I deserve and Oscar for this.

"So how do I look Eve?"

...

"Eve?"

Jenny turned around to see me on my knees in nothing but my white lace panties bawling my eyes out.

"Eve?! Sweetie what's wrong." 

"Oh god," I said as if embarrassed, "I'm so sorry Jenny, this is terrible of me, I just...I miss him so much."

"No no no, it's ok. Come here." She got on her knees next to me and hugged me. Actually, she basically held me, with my face between her breasts making my panties develop a visible wet spot. I kept crying for a minute and slowly came to a stop. Jenny pulled back slightly and held my face in her hand, wiping away a few tears.

"You're gonna be fine," she said. Her voice sounded comforting but all I saw in her eyes was lust. Maybe we weren't so similar.

"Thanks Jenny," I sniffled.

"No problem," she said and gave me a quick peck on the forehead. I acted surprised. She looked down at me and slowly came in for a kiss. Our lips met a little more aggressively than I expected, but it was heavenly. Then I remembered my role in this, and pulled back.

"What are you-"

"Ssshhh," she hissed putting a finger to my mouth. She stood me up, and guided me by my shoulders against the side wall. I was wide eyed, with my mouth gaping open like I was astonished by what was going on. "You can stop anytime you want," she told me.

And with that she pressed up against me, holding the right side of the back of my head, and kissed me again. She took advantage of my open mouth and slid her tongue inside it. I was still sticking to character and only kissing back very gently.

Slowly, however, as she massaged my tongue with hers, I started to answer back. My lips pushed on hers harder, my tongue started answering to her incentives. The pressure of my almost bare body being pushed against the wall by Jenny felt amazing. She took her hand off my head and I wanted the pressure back, so I grabbed the back of the right side of her neck and pulled her in. This whole time we were in the same kiss she had started, our tongues dancing with each other.

Her tongue retreated back to its and she broke the kiss, but our foreheads were still together, I remained up against the wall as we panted. She looked into my eyes with a devious smile. She was still thinking that this was my first lesbian experience, so I still played the part by just standing there, looking astonished. She wiped the sides of her mouth and then did the same for me. She took a step back and I was able to get off the wall for a few seconds. She effortlessly undressed until, like me, she was down to her panties.

She looked into my eyes and pressed me against the wall again with her now bare body, our breasts smashing together. She grabbed my left leg, right wear the thigh meets the ass, and lifted it up, just holding it there, digging into it with her fingers and nails. Not painfully, but forcefully. Then, she took my chin and tilted my face away from the leg she was holding and started kissing and licking my neck. I let out a few short breaths as she made her way up, giving each part of my neck a thorough kiss and lick. Then she reached my ear.

One thing most people I've made out with have learned is that I love when they mess with my ears. So when Jenny reached my ear I finally let out a moan. She told me to quiet down but I explained to her that all changing rooms were sound proof and she kept going. She may not have believed me but I don't think she cared.

Jenny licked, sucked, bit, and sucked some more on my ear lobe. I continued to moan, but held back as much as I could. She slowly made her way off my ear and back towards my mouth and we kissed again. When our lips met our tongues dived into each other's mouths. As I retracted, she grabbed my tongue with her lips and sucked it up and down for a long time . While she sucked, I felt some wetness on my thigh and looked down to realize it wasn't mine but rather Jenny's. Her panties were absolutely drenched and her juices were running down here thighs which were now pressing against mine.

She finally stopped sucking my tongue and kissed me deeply again. Her right arm was still holding up my left leg, hell, she was basically holding my entire body up against the wall. Here free hand came up and tried going down the front of my panties. I broke the kiss and grabbed her arm nodding my head no, my pretend inhibitions coming back. She smiled and nodded and we went back to making out.

Suddenly, with the same hand that had just tried to invade my pussy, she grabbed my right breast quite aggressively, making me break the kiss and yelp. I have very sensitive breasts and, although lots of people don't believe me, I have had breast orgasms before, but they only really occur if someone's been giving them attention for a long time. Still, the sudden impact on them felt great.

I could tell Jenny was getting restless. She started licking the side of my neck and ear she hadn't before with much more vigor than the last time. Then she started to lick the length of my face up and down. Every 30 seconds or so she would try to reach into my panties, and I would stop her. On her 10th attempt I pushed her off completely and she stumbled back a few steps, surprised.

I approached her, pushed her backwards until she hit the wall parallel to the one she had just been holding me against. I grabbed her leg as she had to mine, and dug my fingers and nails into it as she did, and fondled one of her breasts. There was very little sensuality. This was going to be rough, hard, and dirty.

She closed her eyes, moaned softly, and licked her lips. As she did I darted forward and caught her tongue in my lips and sucked it as she had done to mine. She made another attempt for my mound, and this time I let her.
