 Author's Note: I'd just like to say thank you to everyone who wrote me and game me the great feedback and compliments after my first chapter. If you haven't read the first chapter I highly recommend you do so before reading this one mainly because this chapter will make much more sense that way.

Introduction

Hey there, Eve again. This chapter takes place about 5 months after the first. Let's get started. 

Chapter 2: A Frustrating Day

I woke up to the sound of my phone ringing, but there was no way I was going to answer it. If my phone was waking me up and not my alarm clock it means only one thing, I'm late.

I'm always late. I don't know what exactly is wrong with me but I can't remember the last time I've been on time to work, and that day, a Friday in November, I was especially late.

About an hour after I woke up(I live about 20 minutes away) I walked into Ms. Raquel's two hours after opening to see Ms. Raquel herself, talking to Molly. When I passed by, Ms. Raquel turned and walked away, not seeming to notice me.

I wish she had. As I said before, given the circumstances of my job I almost never masturbate, but on those few occasions when I do, Ms. Raquel is usually on my mind. She is truly a thing of wonder. Her golden hair is almost always full and wavy, much like her incredible body, which was almost always put into a tight fitting dress that showed off her serious curves. Usually the dress showed no cleavage, but rather outlined her lovely bust which I estimated at some sort of D cup. Her skin is lightly tanned, her eyes blue, and her legs long. I could talk about her all day.

"What was that all about?" I inquired

"Oh umm," Molly thought for a second as she pulled her beautiful straight red hair behind her ear, out of her face. "She was just sort of checking in on me."

"Why?" I asked, puzzled.

"Beats me." She said. She looked a little off. Like something was on her mind.

"Anyways," she began anew, smiling at me, "You're seriously late, Paula's been here for twenty minutes. Oh and she has a surprise for you today."

Paula, a rather, umm, sexually experienced college senior had been coming into Ms. Raquel's for the last five months every Monday and Friday, and, in the process, had become one of my own and the store's best customers.

As I slid open the door to changing room 10, and was about to apologize to Paula, but then I saw my surprise.

Inside the room, in the back left corner, sat Paula in the same high stool on which I first went down on her. She was wearing a heavy, dark brown fur coat that came down to her mid thigh and some fur boots. I assumed that she was wearing nothing underneath. This wasn't what surprised me though. Paula was always dressed scandalously. What surprised me was that there a pretty blonde in the room standing next to her.

The blonde, who looked about Paula's age, had a shy domineer about her. She stood next to the Paula, looking down at her feet holding her hands together in front of her. She was dressed conservatively, in a semi-tight red sweater that showed some cleavage(but was covered with a plaid scarf) and a gray skirt that came down too her knees with panty hose that covered, from what I could see in the mirror, was a nice, wide butt. She had hazel eyes with, plump cheeks, and a cute, slightly pointed, nose. Unlike Ms. Raquel's or mine, this girl's hair was platinum blonde and was held back with a headband. Overall she exuded, not an innocent look, but a very shy one.

"Hey Eve!" Paula practically yelled. As she jumped off her stool her coat popped open, revealing nothing but a thong underneath. She gave me a tight hug. Though Paula and I didn't really talk much, our relationship was pleasant.

The other girl didn't move at all.

She let me go and began to explain. "Eve this is Brenda. Brenda this is Eve."

"Hi Brenda," I said pleasantly, snapping out of the slight shock I was in. I still wasn't sure what was going on.

"Hello," she replied in a very soft voice. I barely notice her English accent.

"You must be confused Eve," Paula began, "so here's the basic story. Brenda is my new roommate, but she doesn't lick pussy very well, so you're going to have to teach her."

Brenda looked at Paula wide eyed. I was taken aback with surprise. Paula just giggled and continued.

"C'mon Eve. You're the best pussy licker in the world for all I know, and Brenda sucks at it, we've tried it." Brenda looked down, her face red with embarrassment.

"Paula dear," I said calmly, getting a grip on the situation, "slow down and explain the situation to me in detail please."

"Oh right, hehe," she giggled scratching the back of her head, "I guess this is all pretty sudden huh? Well you don't need to really worry on the how or anything, just know that she's not here against her will or anything like that, she's just a bit shy." 

I approached Brenda, whose eyes, though they seemed fixated on her shoes, came up a few times to look at my body. I was wearing a simple tight white T-shirt that showed no cleavage but were pressed firmly around my ample bust along with some tight sky blue jeans (it was casual Friday).

"Is that true Brenda? Are you two friends?" She just nodded.

"Ugh! Eve! I promise we're just having fun! You're way to nice sometimes, you know that? Try not to take offense to the way she acts, she's shy around new people but she's really fun once you get to know her."

"Hmm, ok," I concluded, shrugging and walking back to Paula, "I guess we should just get started."

I gently grabbed the back of Paula's coat and guided it to her feet, leaving her nude except for her black thong and boots.

"Oh by the way," Paula started explaining as I laid some clean sheets on the ground, "we have a class in about an hour, so there's no time for any extra fun you might wanna have with your new toy, hehe."

I nodded, acknowledging her statement, and then gestured for her to lie down and get comfortable. She did so in a flash, lying with her head near the door and throwing off her underwear in the process.

I then took walked to the other side of the room and took Brenda's hand in mine. She looked at me a bit startled. I just smiled and walked her to her roommate. When we reached Paula's open legs I went to my knees and Brenda followed suit.

"Now Brenda," I began instructing, "all you need to do is watch carefully. When I tell you it's your turn, try to copy what I did exactly. Over time you'll develop your own style but for now, mirror me. Understand?"Again, she just nodded. "Good, try to get a good view."

With that, I set to work. I tied my hair back into a pony tail and laid down flat on my stomach with Paula's pussy staring in my face. To my surprise it was already wet. I looked at Brenda, the eye contact making her blush. I gave Paula my signature, a lick to each thigh and a kiss on the lips(not her mouth) and dove in.

I don't know if you remember, but Paula has the mouth of a porn star, and this time was no exception.

"Awww, FUCK!" she groaned slowly as I made first contact, her familiar orangey flavored juices filling my mouth.

I started to stick a finger inside her warm mound.

"Oh god yeah, give me another!" Paula cried, and I complied giver her another finger, my tongue focused on her clit.

"Oh ya like that, keep doing that! I'm gonna come already!"

With that I stopped, completely withdrawing from my task.

"What the fuck?!" Paula yelled, her hand going between her legs, "don't stop!"

I stopped Paula's hand from going to her sex and looked at Brenda, who had been silently watching the whole ordeal.

"You're turn." I stated plainly.

"Oh god, hurry up Brends!" Paula pleaded, using some kind of pet name.

"I...I... I can't." Brenda stammered.

"What the hell do you mean you can't!" Paula screamed.

"I'm no good." she explained.

Ignoring this, I took her hand with the one that wasn't holding Paula from masturbating and guided her between Paula's legs.

"God damnit! Hurry, please!" Paula basically cried, writhing on the ground.

Brenda and I were in kneeling next to each other in front of Paula. I was looking at her face while she stared at Paula. Slowly, I leaned in close to her, pushed her hair back behind her ear and whispered, "Just try it" giving her a quick peck on the cheek.

This seem to do the trick. Brenda bent her had down to Paula's pussy while still on her knees and began to pick up where I left off.

"Oh god yes! C'mon Brends!" Paula moaned anew, as I let go of her hand. "Stick your fingers in that tight pussy! Deeper!"

As she lapped at Paula, I watched for some things Brenda was doing wrong. It only took a few minor adjustments to have her off and running, or rather, licking. 

Of course at this point I had nothing to do as the full figured blonde munched on her roommate. I did want to, as Paula had put it, "play with my new toy" so, as her top half was hunched over and inaccessible, I moved to Brenda's backside, which was hoisted in the air to do her bent over position, and lifted up her skirt to reveal a nice, wide ass. I gave it a playful, but large and firm bite. 

Brenda yelped into Paula, her tongue pressing hard against the Paula's clit and her fingers submerging themselves deeper than before.

"YES! Right there! Keep doing that!" Paula moaned approvingly. Brenda got the idea and started to pump her fingers a little faster and flick and press her tongue with more emphasis. As she did this I sat behind her casually, gently caressing her wide ass. She had one of those butt's that had more jiggle to it than firmness.

Paula didn't exactly explode like when I give her pleasure, but she had a perfectly decent orgasm as Brenda slowed down and got back up on her knees. Paula takes a good amount of time to recover after an orgasm, and usually just lays there for a little while.

As Brenda sat up I gave her a towel that I had used on my own face to wipe up. Even though her skirt had fallen back down to cover her lower half my hand was still under it and rubbing her ass softly.

"Sorry about biting you," I apologized as she wiped herself up.

"Oh, um, no worries," she said with a smile. It looked like I gotten her to soften up a little.

"You can apologize more on Monday," Paula said out of the blue. She got dressed quickly and helped Brenda up. "C'mon Brends were gonna be late for class. By Eve!"

"Wait!" I said, stopping them, "Give me a second." I left the room for 30 seconds and came back with some white cotton panties in my hand. "Here Brenda. Yours are probably pretty wet." She blushed, but took them. "Let's wait outside Paula."

Paula was confused as to why we had to leave the room for Brenda to change but I explained to Paula,

"Like you said she's a shy one. Just give it a little time and she'll learn to be comfortable around us, let her test the water."

"Why don't we just throw her in head first?" she asked. I laughed but I could tell Paula was only slightly kidding, which made me slightly worry for Brenda. 

As if on cue Brenda exited the room and they left.

I stretched for a second and walked over to Molly. She was wearing her long, fire red hair up and had on a shirt very similar to mine except it was bright yellow. She accompanied this with a white skirt that came down to a couple inches above her knee.

The relationship between Molly and I had developed significantly over the last five months. She now goes down on me more often than once a month. It is always upon my request though. She is also now allowed full access to my lower half (legs, ass, asshole, pussy, everything below the waist). Sometimes I like to play some games with her. Nothing that would get us caught or anything, just fun things I usually make up on the fly for us or just her to do. 

For some reason, though, she always stops me before her climax. She says she wants to maintain a sort of student-teacher relationship with me. I don't fully understand, but she's cute so I don't seem to care. 

"Hey," I greeted her plopping on the stool next to her, Molly always stood. The counter for the changing rooms had a view of the store and of all 10 changing rooms that were situated in a line. The granite green counter, when I was standing came up to my belly button and up to Molly's sternum, and was in a corner. The door to get into the space behind the counter was on the changing room side while other side, the side towards the store, was where she helped the customers. No one, at a distance or close up, could see what was going on under the counter.

"Hi she said," pulling the rather large cherry lollipop out of her mouth, "pretty slow day." She was right. It was Friday morning, but the store wasn't as packed as it usually was. "So how'd you like your surprise?"

I told her what happened.

"Oh that's a shame," she lamented, "That girl was super hot."

"Ooh, someone's got a little crush." I teased. She rolled her eyes, "but they'll be back," I explained as she and took a long drag on her lollipop. Suddenly, as they usually do, and idea for a game hit me.

Without a word I moved my stool so I was right next to her. Then, I reached up and grabbed her lollipop out of her hand. 

I gave the candy a few good licks and then, in one quick swing, positioned my hand under her skirt. She was already under a challenge not to wear panties today, so there was no problem there. I started to rub her clit softly with her cherry sucker.

Molly let out a quick moan. She covered her mouth and looked around to make sure no one was noticing. I simply pretended to read a magazine. I slowly brought the lollipop down the length of her pussy lips and back up again, rubbing her clit a second time, this time a little harder. 

Molly's hand's came forward and grabbed the edge of the counter. As she did this I positioned the lollipop and stuck it inside her.

Molly bit down on her lip hard to prevent herself from moaning and leaned forward to take in the foreign object, her breasts pressed up between against the counter. Very slowly, I brought the candy in and out of her. She closed her eyes for a second and then opened them again to keep watch, even though I was doing that already. I brought my thumb up and started massaging her clit with it. This sent her eyes shut and into the back of her head.

Though she wasn't allowed to finish, Molly started swaying slightly, forward and back, to make more aggressive contact. She began to pant softly. Her beautiful porcelain white skin formed beads of sweat. With eyes closed but mouth wide open in a sort of D shaped smile, nothing coming out but soft breaths, she thrust her head down, making her long tied hair come down into her face and around her body.

I started to pump her harder with the lollipop, twisting, pulling, and pushing it inside her, my hand becoming significantly drenched in the process. Molly was Right on the edge. Her pending orgasm had built up to its highest possible level, and right when I felt she was about to explode...

I stopped. 

I pulled the candy out of her, placed it in my own mouth, and removed my hand from her pussy.

Molly shook her head for a second, frustrated with the results of our little game. But she got herself together quickly, and soon, from a passerby's point of view, it had looked like nothing had happened. 

I gestured her to clean my hand. She crouched down, pushing some hair out of her face and behind her ear, and took in each of my fingers individually, cleaning up her own mess. When she finished I returned her lollipop to her and she left for the bathroom. 

Not to boast, but I was quite content with my little game. But it was quite a spectacle to watch so I made a point to grab some spare panties to change into before heading back to changing room 10.

The rest of the morning sort of just lagged on, with nothing very eventful happening along the way. Not to say it was boring though. I love the part of my job I'm actually supposed to be doing.

I was, however, relieved when lunch came around. I had a few customers in a row that were on the rude side, and was glad for the escape.

As I walked towards Molly I could see that her working intently on her laptop, typing like mad on the keyboard. Right before I got in range to see what was on her screen she slammed the computer shut and wrote something down on a sticky note which she placed in her pocket. 

"H-hey," she stuttered nervously.

"Hi," I answered normally. Her behavior was odd but I didn't bring it up as we ate.

When I went back to work I came to the realization of just how tired I was. After about thirty minutes of helping some spoiled four year old get ready for her birthday party, I was ready to tell Molly to stop with the customers and take a nap.

When I opened the door though, I was standing face to face with a huge pair of breasts.

"You are supposed to wait for me to knock," a woman with a distinctly Latin accent said above me.

I backed away and looked up to see an intimidating, and yet very sexy Latina(I would later find out Colombian) woman. She must have been around 40. She was dressed very stylishly, with designer brands for everything from her tight black blouse to her dark grey jeans, and larger hoop earrings. She had a flawless natural tan which worked well with her dark eye shadow, purple lipstick, and long, wavy, sand brown hair.

"Could you move, I don't got all day." She snapped at me, and I stepped to the side allowing her to walk into my changing room.

I admired her body as she did so, her body being the definition of an hourglass figure, with hips that would not quit.

She brought a finger to her ear, activating the Bluetooth headset I hadn't noticed before.

"Sorry Gary, the help around her is incompetent...what do you mean they won't make the deal?! Tell them we've had legal check it thousands of times and it's legit. Tell them I have checked it and I think it's legit. And, most importantly, tell them to stop being such pussies!" But in her accent it sounded more like 'poosies'.

She hung up her phone and threw me our winter catalog out of her purse while making another call. I was transfixed on her body, though, so the catalog literally hit me in the face.

"How about you stop staring at me and fetch me everything in there that's circled." She snapped.

Embarrassed, I left the room to retrieve the items Ms. Vega(as I would soon learn to be her name) had commanded from me. In reality I could have just asked Molly to do it, but I wanted to get out of there.

Three minutes later I returned with a heap of clothing in my arms that ranged from full dresses to lingerie.

I knocked on the door and it slid open, fast as an arrow.

"What the hell took you so long?" she asked me, rhetorically. "No not you Audrey this other bimbo." She explained into her earpiece.

Though she was demanding and her insults were incessant, for some truly unexplainable reason I felt she wasn't all bad. This was and odd feeling, though, as her rudeness and commanding tone never ceased.

"Divide those into three piles," she instructed me, "tops, bottoms, and undergarments...No Audrey, why the hell would I want you to do that? Use your fucking head!"

I removed the stools from the room and brought three simple chairs(wooden, no armrests) to place the clothes on.

I placed them all next to the door and turned my back on Ms. Vega as I began to separate the clothes. As I did so, I could see her start to unbutton her blouse, her already somewhat exposed cleavage spilling out more with each one. She took her blouse off fully and tossed it onto the chair with the tops.

I couldn't help but stare as she removed her bra, letting out beautiful breasts. The thing that stood out about them wasn't their great size, their bikini tan line, or their nipples hardened by the cold air, but rather their shape. They were almost perfectly spherical, and seemed very firm.
