 Author's Note: I'd just like to say thank you to everyone who wrote me after my first two chapters encouraging me to write this third one. It's been a long time coming but it's finally here and I hope it's the best one yet.

If you haven't read the first two chapters I highly recommend it so this chapter will make much more sense. And please, if you have any feedback (critiques, compliments, suggestions, anything) please send it to me or leave a comment, I really love to hear and discuss whatever you have to say. Anyway, let's get started!

Chapter 3: Coincidences

I walked into Ms. Raquel's office. Locked the door behind me. Unbuttoned my blouse. Climbed on her desk. Stared into her eyes. 

Before I knew it I was in front of her desk, my back to her as I proactively inched my thong, the last piece of clothing still remaining on my body, off myself. Suddenly, I became aware of aware of Ms. Vega standing in the corner of the room, and turned myself towards her as I danced on the conveniently placed pole in the middle of the room, an act I had never before undertaken. I turned back around to see a naked Molly on the desk, calling, begging me towards her...

My eyes flew open. 

I was breathing heavily, felt a bit sweaty, and my face was somewhat flushed. That was a heavy dream.

I checked the time. Sunday, six in the morning. 

My meetings with both Ms. Raquel and Ms. Vega were in a little over 24 hours, and, as my dream suggested, I was quite nervous for both of them. More so, though, for Ms. Raquel's. Over the years I had spent working for her I may have said a total of five sentences to her and couldn't remember a situation where I received one back. I'm not sure if it's out of coldness, rudeness, or just plain indifference. I'm not exactly the best at reading people, but even the most intuitive of people would have trouble figuring out Ms. Raquel. She could be a saint or a complete loon, but I expected a positive experience. She must be pretty great to have raised such a smart, talented girl in Molly. 

But there lay the source of my nerves exactly. Molly. The recent revelation that Molly is in fact "Molly Raquel" didn't bode well for me. I wasn't sure how I would react facing the mother of the girl I had been partnering up with to satisfy my customers to the fullest. Had she found out? Was I going to be fired? Or worse?

All these thoughts raced through my mind at a mile a minute, so I decided to head to the gym. I hopped into an orange tank and black shorts quickly, figuring a good workout would clear my head.

The idea worked, but not the way I had intended for it to. Audrey was there.

Audrey was this girl whose name I really had no business knowing. She simply seemed to have a similar workout schedule as me, so I saw her a lot and eventually learned her name. I wasn't complaining though, I would've liked to learn more about her.

At around my height and age, no matter what day she always seemed to be black and white. Her skin was very pale which contrasted sharply with her big black eyes that she accentuated with a fitting amount of eye shadow applied masterfully. Yes, even at the gym. She also always seemed to be wearing a black or white tank that held in her shapely breasts(my fashion conscious mind would guess 34 B) with tight yoga pants.

It was nice eye candy during my sets. But, alas, that's all she was, eye candy, never to be touched or spoken to.

Until that day.

As I was nearing the end of my workout I got some water from the cooler and sat down at the bench beside it, breathing heavily. I stared down at the paper cup of water in my hand, knowing I would have to get up and finish my set once I drank it.

Audrey showed up all of a sudden, taking the seat next to me. She was wearing her usual outfit in all black.

"Hardcore day?" she asked with a smile. She was breathing heavily in her own right though. Her personality seemed, at first impression, very different from her dark outward appearance.

I gave a very quick laugh and managed a quick "yeah" in between my breaths.

"Why? Sunday is supposed to be an easy day for most people," she continued. 

"Well," I explained, still huffing between every few words, "my Mom used to say the week starts the moment you leave church. Guess it stuck...except for the church part."

Audrey laughed, "I'm Audrey," she introduced holding out her hand, "but my friends call me Arey."

I smiled and shook it, "Eve." 

"Ya, I know," she said. I gave her a puzzled look. "Oh sorry, that makes me sound really creepy. I just see you here a lot and heard someone call your name one time. I promise I'm not a stalker."

I laughed again.

"Anyways," she concluded, standing up, "I'm gonna go cool off but I was wondering if you ever wanted to workout with me sometime? Maybe then I could get legs like yours." 

This was a pleasant surprise, though very sudden. "That'd be great," I said, excited.

"Ok great," she practically yelled, "meet here tomorrow around 10 p.m?" We both usually exercise late at night.

"Sounds good. I'll see you then, Audrey."

"Call me Arey," she said as she scampered away towards the showers her hair, jet black and just past shoulder length bouncing lightly behind her. I was so stunned at my good fortune I didn't even finish my workout. 

The rest of the day was quite lazy. I tidied up my apartment, watched a movie, took a nap, I love naps. 

At night I had a few drinks with some friends at my place. My friends Alexis and Mark's 10 anniversary was coming up and I had gotten stuck in charge of planning a party. So we decided to make a night of it but ended up playing some drinking games instead. Well, they drank, and I ended up driving them all home. The only thing we did manage to plan was for me to visit the venue the next day so that I could book it. 

As I drove through the rain on my way home, after having dumped the last of my wasted companions off, I got a call from Tanya. 

Tanya was another changing room assistant at Ms. Raquel's that had just quit after being offered a big job at a fashion company of some kind. Thursday had been her last day. 

Tanya and I were never really close, but we spoke on occasion, so our conversations were pretty comfortable and casual, which why I decided to answer the phone by saying,

"Hey there big shot! What's up?" I get a little strange late at night, and it was about one in the morning.

"Eve! Sorry for calling so late but I'm so glad I caught you. I need a huge favor."

"Sure thing."

"I left my iPod in my changing room on Thursday. Do you think you could grab it for me tomorrow and I could pick it up from your place tomorrow night or something. I have a flight at 7 p.m tomorrow and I really need it."

"I'll definitely do that but, and I'm sorry if this sounds rude, is there any reason you can't get it yourself? I'm pretty sure I remember you living closer to store than my place."

"Ya..." she started sounding uneasy, "I would, but Ms. Raquel and I didn't exactly part ways on the best terms so I really don't want to run into her any time soon." This piece of information didn't exactly help my nerves very much. Tanya was an incredibly polite person, almost annoyingly lady-like. If there was conflict between her and Ms. Raquel it had to be from Ms. Raquel's side. The meeting was making me more and more nervous.

"Tell you what," I said after a slight pause, "I'm actually headed home right now and I'm going to be passing the store. Why don't you come pick it up at my place in the morning or in the store parking lot sometime during the day. It sounds like if you pick it up after you could miss your flight."

"Eve, seriously, thank you! You're a life saver. I'll get it in the morning."

"Come by around 8."

I pulled up to the thankfully empty parking lot of Ms. Raquel's about two minutes later. Thankfully because I was just wearing sweats. Don't get me wrong, I love wearing sweats. They're my usual wear when I'm not at work, but this was laundry day so I wasn't looking my best. My shirt was somewhat see through, my pants were way too tight, and, though I loathe doing this and don't do it often at all, wasn't wearing any panties. It was pretty cold but that never really affects me much.

It took me forever to find the key to the store I was given after my 1st year of work at Ms. Raquel's. This was going to be the first time I used it. 

As I opened the door the first thing I noticed was giggling. 

I quickly connected the dots, though, as I figured out who it was. Molly.

I judged that there were two girls. At first they were giggling, then I heard some light lip smacking and heavy breathing. I remembered how Molly had told me she had started seeing someone and it seemed she had brought her new girl here.

I didn't want to ruin Molly's night, though it might have been somewhat against the law, but I still needed that iPod from changing room 9. I quietly made my way across the store floor towards the changing room's, happy my flip-flops weren't squeaking on the floor. 

Molly's counter, with the line of changing rooms adjacent to it, was empty, and there were no signs of the two. Judging by the noise they seemed to be in the supply room, just behind her counter.

With the coast clear I crept towards changing room 9 and slid the door open slowly to prevent it from making noise. The room was exactly as Tanya had left it, as her replacement hadn't been found yet, and right there on a stool next to the door was the iPod.

I pocketed the device and began to leave when suddenly the giggles of Molly and her mystery girl became clearer. They were opening he supply room door and coming out to Molly's counter, in clear view of me!

I panicked and slid open the changing room door I was closest to, hopping inside. I had almost finished closing the door when I hear the supply room door open and I froze, leaving it slightly open. 

My heart was racing, this was kind of fun. Even though I was totally drenched and I didn't know how long I'd be stuck in that room, but still, fun. Especially with my view.

I had ended up in changing room two and could see the two girls at Molly's counter. I couldn't identify any qualities about the mystery girl except her black hair since her back was to me and she had on this big overcoat. 

Molly though I could see glimpses of when she tilted to the side as the two made out. Her hair, like her companion's, was somewhat damp from the rain. She didn't have a top on and, though her bra was still on, it was pulled down and bunched up under her breasts, exposing them completely. 

By the time I noticed her jean shorts the mystery girl was ripping them off. Molly giggled and continued to kiss the girl, who was about Molly's height, the whole time. 

Once Molly's panties were off, the raven-haired girl hoisted Molly up so she was sitting on the counter. This is where I saw the first distinguishable feature of the mystery girl. Her fingernails were painted black with white polka dots.

Molly got comfortable on the ledge of her counter, her marble legs wide apart. The girl with the polka dot nails looked up at Molly and they smiled, or at least I know Molly smiled, at each other for a second before colliding together for more face sucking. The girl raked her fingers on Molly's breasts, mashing and morphing them in her hands. 

They stopped making out and the girl's head slowly dropped down Molly's body. Molly tilted her head back against the wall in relaxation and breathed heavily while biting her lip in anticipation. The mystery girl, though, was very eager, and her head dropped down to Molly's sex quickly. 

My tight sweats weren't helping as my own sex began to react to the images my brain was sending it, and they began to stick slightly tighter at the area.

I couldn't see any of the specifics of what the girl was doing to my partner in crime, but I could see Molly clearly. As the girl made first contact Molly jerked her head up, inhaled sharply, closed her eyes, and smiled, biting her bottom lip with her front teeth.

She opened her eyes again and began breathing steadily but very heavily. She looked down at her pleasure giver and stroked her hair. The girl's head seemed to move up and Molly's deep breathing began to mix in with moans. She jerked her head to the side and closed her eyes. Her breasts slowly lifted and fell beautifully as she heaved and moaned. 

The girl's head pushed in and Molly's repeated a similar action as she did when the girl had started,

"Mmmmmmmmmm fuck," she moaned, opening her eyes, a bead of sweat running down the side of her face. I rubbed my knees together. I should have, but I couldn't look away.

"Oh god yes!" Molly yelled as the girl's hand went up to where her mouth was and began to pump back at forth. Molly began to rock accordingly, bringing her hands off the girl's lover's hair and to her sides, holding onto the edge of the counter. 

As the girl continued to assault Molly, faster and faster, Molly began to unconsciously raise herself up with her hands, forcing her pussy closed and deeper into her lover's mouth and hand. She brought a hand up and squeezed her own breast for a second, but then dropped it back down to maintain balance. 

"Yes, yes, yes, yes," Molly repeated through these breathy whispers. She began to raise up again. A bit of her damp hair had made it in front of her face and was clinging to the upper body. Her face, flushed crimson, was tilted back and to the side, her eyes rolled back in her head. 

"Yes, yes, yes, yes, ye-" she was cut off as her climax hit her and she shuddered. Her face looked as if though she was screaming and smiling but no noises came out. She dropped herself to the ledge and finally yelled, continuing to twist and gyrate her body and spin her head around as her orgasm ran its course, her lover not missing a beat. 

Molly sat on the ledge and started to calm down as the mystery girl finished up on her. She still shuddered involuntarily at some points but eventually calmed down.

As she did, I realized, embarrassingly enough, my hand was in my pants. But now that it was over I managed to calm myself down without having to finish.

Molly's mystery girl stood up and, though my curiosity was burning, I sunk back into the changing room in order to prevent being detected. Once I was sure the coast was clear I left the room. 

I didn't think much about what happened at Ms. Raquel's as I drove home, or for the rest of the night in general for that matter. I'm not sure whether it was the next day's events or the fact that, though I was curious, knowing who the other person Molly was now having fun with didn't really matter.

That night was tough. I was so full of suspense, nerves, dread, and excitement that sleeping didn't seem important. The only thought that soothed me long enough for me to catch a few hours of sleep was the knowing that, between my meetings with Ms. Raquel and Ms. Vega and reserving the venue, Paula would be stopping by, and she may even bring Brenda again...

BAM BAM BAM.

My eyes slugged open at the sound of loud knocking on my door. I looked at the clock. It was 7, an hour before Tanya was supposed to show up and a good 1 and a half hours before work started. 

I grumpily forced myself out of bed. I was wearing nothing but a very old large t-shirt that hung loose on me and came down to my mid thigh with my hair tied up. Not the best look for me but who do I have to impress.

I reached the door and swung it open, too tired to check who was on the other side.

"Big day Eve! Time to get ready!" Molly's voice all but yelled as she gave me a hug and walked into my apartment. I turned my head towards her slowly and stared at her with squinted eyes from hell. "Oh don't give me that look, you're always late anyway. Now c'mon, go freshen up in the bathroom and I'll pick out an outfit for you."

I slowly dragged my feet across the floor to my bathroom without hesitation, but with plenty of disdain for the early hour. I was amazed that Molly was so awake after being out and about not 5 hours earlier, but I obviously didn't comment on this and only mustered up enough strength to say one thing as I closed my bathroom door. 

"Coffee."

I hopped into the shower and cleaned every inch of the body, I had to be sure to be clean for Ms. Vega. 

Later as I exited the bathroom I was greeted with a cup of coffee, a bagel(that she had brought for me) and a very smart business like outfit laid out on my bed. Still wrapped in just my towel I sat down on a nearby chair, inspecting the outfit.

"Is it really necessary for me to be so formal?" I asked.

"Well," Molly explained, "at this point you know just about as much as I do about this meeting. The only extra information I have is that you're supposed to be 'dressed for success'. Her words, not mine." 

I giggled at Molly's exasperated tone when talking about her mother. 

I finished my breakfast and asked Molly, "Can you go grab the dress hanging in the closet?"

"Which one?" she asked making her way towards it. "You'll know it when you see it," I said with a smile, simultaneously dropping my towel to the floor to begin dressing. 

"Oh wow..." I heard Molly whisper as she pulled out the reddest dress ever created from the closet. 

"Per Ms. Vega's orders," I smiled starting to slip on my panties.

"Damn, it's like it's made out of blood," Molly said walking to my bed to lay out the dress, "where did you find-" she hesitated as she realized I was almost completely naked. 

I turned back around to take my bra off the bed. Molly was blushing almost as red as the dress and tried to avert her gaze.

"A friend of mine from college who's gotten pretty successful owed me a favor. Should I go skirt and stockings or pants?"

"Pants. You ever think of going back?

"Back where?" I asked slipping into the pants.

"Back to New York, trying to get a job higher up?"

"Meh, not really, I like it here," I stated plainly, checked out my now finished outfit, a simple white blouse with navy blue pants and blazer, in the mirror. It was perfect for the occasion. Nothing too tight and know cleavage showing but still smart and form fitting.

"Hold on," Molly said approaching me from behind, "one more thing." She reached around me and fastened a simple silver chain necklace around my neck. The small dolphin pendant on the end landed perfectly between my clavicles. "That's yours."

"Oh wow it's gorgeous Molly thank you!" I smiled giving her a hug and then turning back to admire my elegant new jewelry.

"You thought I forgot didn't you," she said. 

"Forgot what?" I asked still looking in the mirror. 

Molly was silent for a while. I finally turned to her to see her clearly trying to suppress a laugh. 

"Oh god," she said, finally letting her laugh out, "what's the date today Eve?"

"Uhh, Monday. What did I forget."

"No, not day, da-" Molly was cut off by the sound of knocking on my door again.

I opened it to see Tanya hunched over and holding her knees in a gray tank and purple work out shorts, her caramel skin gleaming with sweat. She looked up at me and smiled,

"Hey there Eve," she panted.

"Holy shit Tanya did you run here?!" Molly suddenly asked showing up behind me.

"Oh hey Molly. Ya I thought I'd get a workout in, it's a lot harder without music though."

"Oh right, I'll be right back," I remembered, headed back to my room and retrieving Tanya's iPod. I hadn't remembered her looking as good as she did, probably since she was about 50 pounds heavier just a year ago, but gotten into great shape.

"Here you go," I returned, handing her the mp3. She began to plug it into her sleeve case,

"Thanks a million Eve, you're a lifesaver. Oh and happy birthday!" And with that she ran off. 
