 Author's Note: So this chapter ended up getting very long. I ended up cutting it down the middle and the other half will be uploaded as the next chapter very soon. 

Thank you to everyone who reads these, please comment or send feedback with questions/comments/or anything you wanna talk about! Enjoy! 

**************************

Chapter 4: Stress and Distractions

Her lips tasted like citrus. Her hair smelled like honey. She felt like velvet. She sounded melodic. And she looked, well, like Cassandra. 

For two weeks the receptionist and I had been running around having our fun. It had been so long since I was intimate with someone outside of my changing room. But 'intimate' is misleading. Cassandra and I made it clear we weren't dating and weren't 'lovers' or anything like that, just having fun.

That said, being around her always made me happy. In the two weeks since we started hanging out, Cassandra and I hadn't gone a day without spending at least an hour together. She always relieved me of my stress, in more ways than one.

Walking into the reception area of Ms. Raquel's office and seeing her at her desk everyday, it was hard not to jump on top of her. And on this one Friday I just couldn't control myself. We'd been together for a couple hours the day before for dinner, but she had to run off to the Loving Heart for some emergency. The Loving Heart, as you may remember, was Cassie's other, main job. A venue for various events she manages.

"Eve what're you doing? Not here!" She squealed. I had circled around to stand behind her and reached my hand under her sweater and into her bra to massage at her breast. I could see the fabric stretch up and down as I did through the reflection in her monitor. Her adorable grey sweater and black skirt combo made her look good enough to eat right there. I was in a peach sweater with a black and grey skirt. It was a promotional thing at the store. "Sweaters and skirts" day.

"Don't worry, I know she's not in yet, her car isn't in the lot." Ms. Raquel drove a Porsche and had a reserved space in the front of the parking lot. I could see through the office window that it was empty. 

I gave her breast a little squeeze and she exhaled in pleasure slightly. Our first night together she had been very timid about taking off her bra. She did have rather small breasts, but they were nicely rounded and since they were so close to the chest hadn't sagged a centimeter with age. I spent the rest of that night with them at my mouth and she hadn't been self conscious since. 

"Eve cmon. This isn't like you." Cassie reached at my hand and gently pulled it out of her top. I would have stopped in earnest but she was blushing a little, so I turned her chair around to me and straddled her lap facing her. She looked around as if someone would see through the walls and closed door.

"You're always so timid at work," I pouted, draping my arms over her shoulders and moving my face very close to hers. It was true. The position we were in would likely be reversed anywhere else, but the store always made Cassie a little nervous, and made me my most confident. She was right, I wasn't acting like myself, but it was fun. Maybe she made me more fun.

"Sorry, I just don't think Ms. Raquel would like the conflict that comes with two of her most trusted workers....interacting like this." She leaned forward, taking my face in her hand and kissed me with care, lightly floating her lips on mine for a long moment before pulling away.

I saw the Porsche drive up. "Yeah, I guess you're right." I stood up and sat in a chair fixing my clothes. Ms. Raquel soon entered.

"Five minutes," she said without even looking back, slamming her door behind her. 

"I guess today isn't the the day," Cassie frowned. It had been two weeks since Ms. Raquel and I had dinner and I was told about my promotion. I was supposed to have gone to her new store for its opening since then, but the opening had been delayed. Shipments were grossly late, there were electrical problems, and worst of all, they were losing workers. Ms. Raquel was holding me back until it was sorted out. Each passing day made me more nervous.

Making matters worse, Alice Industries and Ms. Vega had been hounding me with emails and phone calls trying to get me to accept their job offer. 'No' was never enough for those people. 

When I was let in Ms. Raquel looked elegant as ever, but also frustrated. She sat at her desk rubbing her eyes with a glass of some dark liquid next to her. 

"Take a seat. Would you like a drink?" she asked. 

"I'm alright, thank you," I answered respectfully, but I was very aware of the fact that it wasn't even 10 am. I suddenly felt bad about being stressed with new work. If anyone was stressed, it was my boss.

"Eve I'm going to be spending a lot of time at Oak so I probably won't be coming in here very regularly." Oak was the nickname for the second "Ms. Raquel's" store in town. Since they all had the same name, she had nicknames for all of them based on the street they were on. The one I was to help open in Missouri had come to be known as Ninth Street. Ours didn't really have a clever title. It was on 'First Street' but that' s a pretty boring nickname.

"So what does that mean for me?" I asked. I didn't want to take up any more of her time than I had to, so I just cut to it.

"Well, Ninth Street still isn't ready. Dee says Alice Industries has taken three of her girls."

I sighed. As you may remember Alice Industries, helmed by the ruthless Ms. Vega, had tried to poach me just before I received my promotion. They had taken one of our staff members here, Tanya, and sent Arey to my gym to seal the deal with me. I wasn't sure why they were working so hard to get me, but once I realized what was going on I told Ms. Raquel about their attempts, minus all the sex of course. Interestingly, she already knew they'd start making moves. Alice Industries had offered to buy her store in the past, but Ms. Raquel denied, and now they were at war.

Ms. Raquel continued. "I've instructed Dee to call you once they're ready. I'm sorry, once they do, you probably won't have much time until you need to be there. Also, I'm going to have to ask you to come in tomorrow."

A Saturday? I wanted to ask why but Ms. Raquel didn't seem like someone to agitate with anything at that point, even something sensible, so I just nodded.

"I'll be here all day if you need me, but it would be hard to contact me after today so take this." She handed me a piece of paper with her number on it. "I figure if you might be my number two, might as well have it. That'll be all."

I simply nodded and smiled again and began to leave.

"Wait, Eve."

I turned, "Yes m'am?"

She stared at her glass. "How's Molly adjusting?"

"Well, m'am."

She looked up at me. "Does she like it?"

"Yes, I think she really does."

That made her tired face smile. "She's very smart you know. She could be doing a million other things. Her father is a doctor."

"She likes being here," I said, reassuring her.

"Yeah. Cut her some slack if she's having problems. She works the accounts with me at night sometimes. She's better with the math." She looked down and I took that queue to leave. 

I walked out and told Cassie about my meeting. 

"Darn, so no movie? Why are you working tomorrow?" She asked afterwards. We had had plans the upcoming day.

"Guess not, sorry," I answered, "I don't know why I have to come in. I'm sure you'll find out soon." Cassie was in charge of organizing Ms. Vega's life so most things Ms.Vega knew, Cassie would end up knowing. "Probably more filing or something."

The job had been a bit less than the perfect gig Ms. Raquel had made it up to be, which I suppose I shouldn't have been surprised about. There were nights where I had to stay in at home or the store to handle our suppliers and customers with mostly supply chain issues, as Ms. Raquel was too busy to do so. Also, with the promotion, I had become the de facto head changing room assistant, and began to take on more and more management duties with the other assistants. Thankfully, Demi was helping me with that a good deal.

Cassie and I settled on a place and time to go for lunch and I went off back to my part of the store. Molly and the newly hired Demi were at the front desk to the row of rooms. They were also participating in 'Sweater and Skirt Day'. Demi, in a loose pink sweater and grey skirt, and Molly, in a much tighter red one with and the same grey skirt. All the clothes were from the store after all, some people were bound to match.

Demi was as good of a replacement we could have hoped to find for Molly. She was smart, organized, people pleasing, and, most importantly, knew about our double dealings. Unfortunately, she only worked Monday afternoons, Fridays, and the weekends. The rest of the time my escapades were to be done at their own risk. Sadly, with the new job at stake, I'd taken no risks over the last couple of weeks.

Demi was seated at her stool and Molly was standing next to her explaining something. They nodded and smiled at me as I walked up, but continued with their lesson.

"And just use this short cut," Molly tapped a couple buttons on the keyboard, "and you can see my room. And use this one...to see Eve's room." 

"Ok, that makes sense," Demi nodded. Molly's breasts were right at face level by Demi, and Demi was doing everything in her power to stare at the screen and not turn towards them. And Molly knew it. She was very aware of Demi's crush, and enjoyed toying with her. 

"Fantastic," Molly said, "now let's see if you can do it. I'll run back to my room and do something, and we'll see if you see it. Good luck!" Molly pecked Demi on the cheek, making Demi's naturally tanned cheeks fill with color, and ran off to her room.

I laughed and circled around the desk, standing where Molly had just been.

"There's a fresh sheet laid out in your changing room," was the first thing Demi told me.

"Thanks dear, so how's it going?" I asked Demi, "She's not toying with you too much is she?

Demi hit a couple buttons and Molly's room came up on her screen, showing Molly walk inside. 

"No, I...I kinda like it. Even if there's nothing to do about it."

"What do you mean?"

"She's seeing someone."

"Oh...right." I'd forgotten about Molly and Paula for a second. From what Molly had told me they had spoken and become exclusive. Thus Molly truly acted as a normal changing room assistant, and had picked up on it faster than anyone I had ever seen. She was quite professional. Well, besides Monday and Friday mornings, when Paula would come in and they would have their time in changing room 9. And she did take a little too long at lunch sometimes.

On the screen, the camera was located up above the door. Molly turned her back to it, put her legs together, flipped up her skirt, and bent over, giving us a good look at her ass. It was clear all she had on under there was a thong. Demi blushed harder as she hit a a few more buttons. The screen began to shift vantage points. Molly then slid her thong down, and stepped out of it. 

"How many cameras did she plant?" I asked, bewildered. 

"I don't know but there are even more in you room, and she can send a feed to our phones. But there's a kill switch that can turn them all off, here," Demi showed me all the views in my changing room that would leave little to the imagination. Then she handed me the kill switch key chain, a small black circle with a tiny red button on it. I pressed it and the screen went to static, then again and the screen came back to life. 

"I'm not sure why she needs so many, but she's the expert." I shrugged, putting it in my pocket.

Molly came running back and asked Demi what she did.

"You, um, you took off your underwear," Demi mumbled looking down. 

Molly practically jumped. "Yup! Awesome job,." Demi smiled goofily, the way one does when their crush pays them a compliment. "And you remember what to do with our used clothes right?" Demi nodded but then went wide-eyed as Molly forced her bright red thong into Demi's hand. 

At that moment Paula and Brenda entered the store, which was pretty much dead seeing as it was a Friday morning and not even close to noon.

Demi waved Paula over. "Ok, remember everything we've talked about Demi, we may need you after this." Paula showed up in a pink hoodie and jean shorts, whisking Molly away to changing room 9. 

Over the last two weeks Molly had been showing Demi all the duties that came with her job. Including the ones that involved our extracurricular activities. Which meant alerting me of potential extracurricular customers, preparing my room, helping with clean up afterwards, and more, though she had yet to be presented with a situation to apply her new knowledge. All she had done is prepare my room each day. 

Really the most graphic thing about Demi's job so far had been her conversations with Molly, where Molly had taken it upon herself to educate Demi on general sex life. They would sit on the counter at Demi's station after closing. Molly would talk and talk and Demi would listen and even take notes on her phone about the sexual conversations, but they would quickly degrade into just normal conversation each sitting. It was pretty adorable to say the least.

Brenda also came up to the counter with some clothes picked out, and I told her to go ahead to the room to try those out and that I'd be there in a moment. 

"Why aren't you going with her?" Demi asked as Brenda walked away.

"To watch the show of course," I told her with a smile. She realized what I meant and turned back to her computer. 

Molly barely had the door closed before Paula had her pressed up against it. Their lips smashed together as their hands worked up and down each others bodies. They had similar bodies, though Paula was slightly taller. 

Demi went to turn off the camera but I held her hand back. "No no sweetie, you don't turn down a free show." Demi looked nervous but she turned back and watched. I rubbed the small of her back to calm her nerves.

Molly and Paula continued to kiss sloppily. Their tongues could visibly be seen shooting out of their mouths and into their partners'. Paula put her arms around Molly's neck. Molly felt for the zipper on Paula's hoodie, groping her a few times before finally finding it and pulling it down, revealing nothing underneath.

Demi gasped as the jacket hit the floor. She rubbed her knees together and clicked the keyboard a few times to get a good vantage on Paula's small, pert breasts. I saw goosebumbs raise on her skin when Molly broke the kiss and started to unbutton Paula's shorts, and she audibly gasped when Molly yanked them down. With nothing underneath, Paula now stood there naked.

Molly now moved Paula around and pressed her against the door, feasting at Paula's neck hungrily. Paula's looked to moan in reaction. I'm not sure if anything truly came out however, no audio. 

Paula reached around to raise up Molly's skirt and squeezed her milky ass. Molly moved up to play with Paula's ear with her mouth.

As this all transpired, Demi continued to click for the best vantages. She simply watched, but I had other things in mind. My hand began to travel from the small of her back down her body. It reached her amazing, stupendous, glorious backside (if you can't tell I really love Demi's butt) and I gave it a squeeze through her skirt. 

Demi yelped and stood up, but covered it up quickly and looked around a little to make sure no one noticed. She didn't turn from the screen though. She knew she didn't want me to stop and she knew there was no way she was going to stop watching the two girls in changing room 9. 

My hand made its way down and under her skirt. Then, slowly, with my palm in full contact, made its way back up to the waist band of her underwear.

At this point Paula moved her hand around from Molly's butt to her front. Molly released the nipple she had made her way to and threw her head back in a face of relief. Paula held Molly close, whispering in her ear, as her hand began to move under Molly's skirt. Molly bit into Paula's neck and held Paula tightly, one hand on the back of her neck and one hand on her ass, to hold in the ecstasy as long as she could. She closed her eyes and her mouth seemed to say 'don't stop' as Paula continued to move her arm faster and faster. From our vantages we couldn't see under Molly's skirt though.

At this point I made my way inside the dark blue underwear. Demi face showed she was fully aware and nervous of my actions, but her eyes couldn't look away as her crush was roughly, yet sensually, fingered by Paula. My own finger made its way to Demi's rosebud, and gave it a poke on the surface. Demi's eyes widened, her body tensed, and her breathing became slightly ragged as I continued to play on the surface with it. 

Molly finally seemed to scream into Paula's chest as she almost lost her balance and came on Paula's fingers. For some reason I found it to be an especially erotic sight to have one clothed and one naked girl, and to see the naked one make the clothed one come. Although I did feel a little bad Demi wouldn't be seeing Molly naked.

Before she even seemed to be done with her orgasm Molly began to kiss Paula again and maneuvered her onto a near by stool. Paula's body made an awkward curve with her back against the wall and her legs spread wide open, but Molly was on her quickly, kissing her lips and rubbing her pussy lips with her palm.

My hand traveled back up out of Demi's skirt. I danced a finger on her lips for a moment and she let it into her mouth just as Molly put Paula's nipple into hers. Demi closed her eyes for just a moment as she sucked. I wondered if she was imagining being in Molly's place, or Paula's?

My hand with its freshly wet finger traveled back down to Demi's ass, and prodded about the surface of Demi's rosebud again. 

Finally, Molly stuck two fingers into Paula as she lavished her mouth on Paula's breasts, and I used that moment to slightly penetrate into Demi's rosebud. The combination sent Demi forward into the counter, holding it and pressing her breasts against it. She rocked forward and back ever so slightly as my finger gently poked into her rosebud, but made very little progress. Her eyes and breathing both seemed to get heavier, but she continued to watch the screen.

Paula was flailing about the stool as she was pleasured, but Molly's free hand kept her stable as her other worked Paula's pussy like the pro I'd trained myself. Paula hugged Molly's head into her chest as she began to spasm and, as always, came quickly, all over Molly's hand. 

The two stumbled over each other and onto the sheet covered floor, where they began to speak to each other. I finally stopped torturing Demi at that point and removed my finger from her and, with one more tight squeeze to her butt, my hand all together. She continued to lean on the counter breathing heavily and watching until I turned off the monitor for her and she finally put her head down. 

"Sorry about that," I smiled, not really sorry, "the job also often comes with a lot of teasing."

Demi looked up at me finally. "What was that?" She asked.

I frowned, "I thought Molly and you talked about it. And I know you like it from beh-"

"We did!" She seemed to not want to hear that she enjoyed being pleasured from behind. I could relate. Things often feel dirty saying them out loud, but when it came down to it, it was natural and wonderful. She continued. "But...but I...I just never thought it would actually feel that good. What else can you do like that?"

"You want me to show you?" I asked, smiling naughtily. She looked down.

"Oh I mean, um..." 

I laughed, "How about I show you, but not on you. Besides, the teasing is no good if I just give you some fun right after!" I winked at her and went on my way, not knowing if she had understood a word I just said, but she would. 
