 Author's Note: As promised, here is chapter 5, a very direct continuance of chapter 4. And, as always, I love to hear from you guys in any way, so feel free to write me. Hope you enjoy! 

Chapter 5: Take Off

I was honestly expecting Ms. Vega's home to be massive. It wasn't small by any respect, but it wasn't it's own gated mansion either. It was simply a large posh house in the suburbs. I had never thought about Ms. Vega as an actual human being, but I realized there's a high probability she has a family considering she was probably in her early 40s. 

We parked and approached the house. Molly and Paula were wearing equally casually clothes as myself.

The door opened and before us stood Arey. The pale beauty stood in a professional black suit jacket and skirt and with her trademark dark eye shadow and mascara. She smiled.

"Hello again Eve," she said.

"You know her?" Molly asked me. We began to walk inside,

"Not really, we just go to the same gym." That wasn't entirely accurate, but I still didn't appreciate being duped by the woman.

She shook hands with Molly and Paula, learning their names. "I'm Audrey, but my friends call me Arey."

Molly looked around the big foyer, "Good to know Audrey. Now where is she?"

"Right this way," Arey said, ushering us into a large room next to the entry. 

The room was lavish. There was a large plush sofa across from a elegant chair, clearly meant for Ms. Vega. 

Arey motioned for us to sit on the sofa. I sat In the middle, and Molly and Paula squeezed to my left as Arey took the space on my right. 

We waited in silence as the fireplace across from us and a yard or two behind the elegant chair crackled. 

Finally footsteps started sounding behind us and Ms. Vega entered from behind and circled around us to get to her seat. She was dressed in a long dark purple dress, hugging her body and matching her lips. If I didn't know any better it was the same type Tanya had been wearing the day before, except a different color. 

She walked in silence, but her eyes immediately found me and didn't let go. I swallowed and blinked for a moment to build up some courage, and then stood. I knew her game. She wanted us seated and for her to walk in, displaying herself as above us, but I wasn't going to give her the satisfaction. 

We held eye contact as she walked to her seat with a smug grin. Never have I wanted a person to trip more. But she found her seat with ease and took it. Only when she was settled in and her legs were crossed did I sit back down.

"Audrey," she said, finally breaking our staring contest and looking to her employee. I would find out later Arey was her personal assistant, "where is my perrita?"

Arey stood, "In her cage m'am, I just had her bathed. Shall I get her?" Ms. Vega just nodded and turned her face back to me as Arey left the room.

"So, whore, I see you brought friends. I don't recall allowing that." She was still using the name she had given me a couple weeks ago, before I knew who she really was. Molly was about to say something in retaliation, but I squeezed her hand to stop her.

"I don't have much time Vega," I told her, "and they're here for my protection."

She chuckled, "Oh my wonderful little whore, if I wanted to use you, these two couldn't stop me." She looked to them. "The bitch's daughter and whoever this welp is? You'll have to do better than that." It would appear she new exactly who Molly was and Paula was just some wildcard she paid no mind too. And her nickname for Ms. Raquel was 'the bitch'. Ms. Vega just got more and more unpleasant.

And yet, she maintained a certain allure.

"Shut the fuck up and tell us what you want?" Molly blurted out. Ms. Vega wasn't phased, she just looked back to me.

"I must commend you for standing whore. Don't think I didn't notice. Have you been feeling more aggressive lately? Wanting to dominate some people in that little changing room of yours. Denying women of their come and using them? I bet you have been. You're just like me, that's why I like you." 

Demi was the first thing that came to mind. But no, that was just mindless teasing and fun. I was nothing like Ms. Vega.

Before we could say anything Ms. Vega looked behind us. "Ahh there she is, Perrita." We all turned our heads to see Arey walking back in, holding what looked to be a rope? No. A leash. 

The black leash was attached to none other than Tanya. She was crawling on her hands and knees as Arey and her approached Ms. Vega. The leash was maybe 7 feet long and at the end spread apart into a flogger.

She seemed to be wearing the same white dress she had been the day before, except it had gone through some alterations. The entire midsection was gone along with everything on her right side until her waist, exposing one white bra covered breast. It hadn't been cut neatly either, it was torn.

Arey left her by Ms. Vega's left side. Tanya got on her knees and sat back on her heels, twisting her neck a little at the uncomfortable white collar and keeping her eyes down away from our contact.

I couldn't help but stare and Molly did the same. In a mixture of shock, horror, and interest. We had worked with Tanya for a long time and now to see her like this? I looked over to Paula to see if she was alright but she actually just looked curious with the whole situation.

"Come here perrita," Ms. Vega said tapping her lap, "I want a taste." Tanya got back on her hands and knees and moved forward, turned right in front of Ms. Vega, and sprung up on her knees the way a small dog jumps on its owner when they enter the house. 

Ms. Vega bent a little into her lap where Tanya's face now was and slowly licked Tanya's face up from jawbone to hairline. 

"Open," she then said, and Tanya opened her mouth about an inch. Ms. Vega traced her tongue, from side to side along my former coworker' mouth, starting it at the corner, letting it fall inside the mouth, and then stopping at the other corner. Then she suddenly gave Tanya a tight slap across the face sending her off her lap and down onto the ground. 

Tanya was now parallel to our couch She turned left to look at Ms. Vega as she got back on all fours, wondering why she had been struck and whimpering from the blow. That, and Ms. Vega was now using her back as her own personal foot rest.

"Audrey please shut her up," Ms. Vega commanded. Arey reappeared from the corner of the room and pulled up her skirt a little. She reached under and pulled down her black underwear, stepping out of it. She crouched by Tanya who began to protest, but Arey shoved the ball of panties into Tanya's mouth, gagging her. Then laid the leash on Ms. Vega's lap and disappeared again into the corner's shadows. 

"Vega, this is all very scary, but can I just hear your offer, I have to be out of here soon," I said. 

Ms. Vega removed her legs from Tanya's back and sat up on the edge of her chair. She put her left hand in Tanya's hair and began to pet her head softly. Her right hand went to Tanya's ass and pulled up her dress, exposing her white panties. Tanya had recently lost a lot of weight but, unfortunately, a lot had come from her boobs resulting in a sort of bottom heavy look. She had small-ish breasts and nice thick legs. 

Those legs were exposed as Ms. Vega pet Tayna's head and caressed her ass. But then, in typical Ms. Vega fashion, things got worse. She reached in deep and got a tight hold on Tanya's hair and gave Tanya a tight spanking, before taking the leash and hair combo and roughly pulling Tanya up to her knees and facing us on the couch. 

"Mmmpphhhh!" Tanya's muffled cries of pain could be heard quite loudly through the gag. Ms. Vega laid her head on Tanya's shoulder. Tanya had tears in her eyes and I could see her fumble in her mouth with the panties. Her arms were free but she didn't make a move to escape or retaliate in anyway. Clearly this wasn't her first rodeo. 

"It would appear Eve doesn't like your offers perrita," Ms. Vega gave Tanya's hair another tight yank so Tanya would stop making noise, "take off your underwear." 

Tanya stood and took off the white underwear, then returned to her knees. I doubt any of us didn't notice the wet spot left on them as she handed them backward to Ms. Vega, who held them to her face for a moment. 

"Such a slut," Ms. Vega mused, "now the dress, slide it down perrita." Tanya obeyed and slid the one existing strap of the dress off her shoulder and let it fall. Ms. Vega threw the bra off shortly after leaving Tanya in nothing but the bunched up dress tightly wound up at her mid section and her matching leash. Her body was even through out, not a tan line in sight. Her circular, small breasts had dark, small nipples, centered in small areolas, that quickly hardened once her bra came off. They reminded me a bit of Cassie's, except closer together and, obviously, were a much darker tone. 

Ms. Vega threw Tanya back down onto her hands and needs, her face pointed to us and ass to Ms. Vega. She took the flogger on the end of the whip and sent it down on Tanya's ass hard. WHAP. Tanya yelped out in pain through her gag. I wanted to get up and help her, but at the same time part of me wanted to see the woman who had been berating me for weeks get punished. 

Finally Ms. Vega looked back up at me. "There is no new offer Eve, just a question. Will you take the job with Alice Industries?" 

"Of course not."

Ms. Vega smiled deviously and nodded before picking the whip up and sending it down. 

WHAP WHAP WHAP. It came down three times. Each time Tanya yelled louder. A tear fell down her cheek with a little mascara. 

"Will you take the job?" Ms. Vega asked again, coldly.

I looked at her with confusion. "What? No! Is this all you're gonna do, is this the only reason we're here?"

Ms. Vega didn't answer, just whipped. WHAP WHAP WHAP WHAP WHAP WHAP. Six times that time. Tanya was started to drool out of her gag slightly, so Ms. Vega yanked her up by the hair and pulled out the drenched panties. She whispered into Tayna's ear. 

"Eve," Tanya said, shakily, conveying Ms. Vega's words, "will you take the job?" Ms. Vega then shoved Tanya's own underwear into her mouth and threw her back down.

I hesitated, but let out a soft "no". 

WHAP WHAP WHAP WHAP WHAP WHAP. 

Pause. 

WHAP WHAP WHAP WHAP WHAP WHAP.

Tanya lowered her head to the ground as she cried in agony of 12 whippings to her ass.

At this point I rose up and walked straight to Ms. Vega. She offered me the leash-whip, "Would you like to do one?" She smiled.

I took the leash and threw it to the side. Sitting down Indian style in front of Tanya, I gently picked up her head and slowly extracted the panties from her mouth. She raised her head as I did so. Her face was stained in her tears and drool. I found her discarded bra on the floor beside us I did my best to clean her up but she was still breathing heavily and whimpering with puffy eyes. I brought her face very close to mine and kissed her to calm her down. I found her tongue and urged it to dance with mine, something I knew Ms. Vega rarely did with her victims. 

Backing away I held her face in my hands smiling at her, and she smiled back at me, thankful for my intervention. But then her eyes went wide and her mouth fell open.

"Oh my god," she groaned. I looked up to see Ms. Vega had put two fingers inside Tanya and was pumping her in an out while her other hand was smacking and squeezing Tanya's ass. I had the urge to stop her, but I looked back at Tanya's face as it contorted in moans of pleasure and pain, and for some reason, didn't. 

"Well then how about this Eve, completely unrelated," Ms. Vega said as she bent Tanya to her whim, "I'm looking for some interns and assistants." Tanya squealed out into the air right in front of my face, flipping her long hair up. Her hair was damp with sweat after being seated by the fireplace for so long and all the excitement. "No perrita, no coming." Tanya lowered her face back to my level, growling with her eyes closed to hold in her orgasm. "So if you come across any desirable young women, send them my way, and we'll call it even, no more chasing you. Oh and if you ever want to come over and play, then go for it."

I kissed Tanya's cheek and ear and reached under her, gently squeezing her breasts with her nipples between my fingers. What can I say, it was habit. 

"Will you back off Ms. Raquel's stores?" I asked before biting down on Tanya's neck. Her teeth may have been close to shattering with how hard she was clenching them to control her climax. 

"No," Ms. Vega said plainly, and then to Tanya urged, "come perrita! Let amante hear you scream!"

I let Molly answered for me, "Then fuck off Vega."

Tanya took a deep inhale before her flood gates opened and she began to come hard on Ms. Vega's fingers. Her mouth opened wide and just as screamed I placed my mouth on hers and she screamed into it as we kissed widely, denying Ms. Vega the sound of Tanya's scream. Ms. Vega didn't let up her assault of fingering and spanking as Tanya came. She stared right at me and I kissed Tanya with my eyes open, staring Ms. Vega down right back.

Our faces wet with each other, Tanya finally separated from my mouth as Ms. Vega let up on her pussy. She groaned and shook with aftershocks but looked embarrassed as she looked at me, realizing who I was and what we had just done.

I stood and gestured for Molly and Paula to follow me and we began to leave

"Spank someone for me whore," Ms. Vega called out to me as we exited the front door. She followed us to the door, bringing a panting, crawling Tanya along on her leash. "Oh, and take this with you please."

I turned back to see Arey leaving the house, a bag in hand. "I booked Audrey's a seat next to yours, you two enjoy."

And with that Ms. Vega shut the door. 

I looked at Arey who just shrugged. "She has a way of knowing things she shouldn't." She followed us in the car and we allowed her to hitch a ride with us. If we didn't she'd just catch a cab and end up there anyways, there was no point in being petty.

"You really should've taken that deal," Arey said as we drove.

"I'd shut up or get out of the car," Molly said looking back through the mirror. 

I texted Ms. Raquel in the car telling her that I was offered more money and refused. Also the more important news. That I suspected someone was leaking things to Ms. Vega, someone within Ms. Raquel's company.

In the airport Arey and I were thankfully separated at security. I managed to avoid her for the rest of the wait, but had to face her once boarding started. I stayed in silence while she tried to start conversation. She told me about how Ms. Vega had picked her out personally from a retail job to be her assistant. She told me she wished how she wasn't in a dress. She asked me if I got wet while I interacted with Tanya. And she told me how she hated planes. Eventually though she got the hint and stopped talking. I actually felt a little bad.

Our seats ended up being in the very back of the plane. I was a the window seat, and Arey the middle.

"Ms. Vega also bought all those," she said, pointing to the aisle seat and the three seats across the aisle from us.

"Then why don't you go sit there?" I asked her, looking out the window.

"And leave you all alone? No chance!" She smiled, settling into her seat. I would've gotten up and taken a different seat, but the plane began to move and the flight attendants came around to check on all the passengers. 

"What's happening?" Arey asked, looking out the window concerned as we began to move.

I looked at her quizzically as I put some gum in my mouth, "Um, we're moving, getting ready to take off."

"Oh wow that was fast," she said leaning back in her chair. She tightened her seat belt and held the arm rests tight. Really tight actually. I could see her knuckles grow even whiter than they were.

"Are you ok?" I asked.

"Fine."

I sat up, "You've flown before right?" 

Arey just glanced at me.

"Vega sent you on a plane and you've never flown before? She is one piece of work."

"Hey! Don't talk about her like that." Arey said to me, slightly angry. I sighed. I suppose it wasn't Arey's fault where her allegiances lied. I'm sure she didn't even tell Ms. Vega she'd never flown before. 

"Here, chew this," I said, handing her a piece of gum. She resisted but I explained what would happen if she didn't and she quickly changed her mind just when the plane began to pick up speed. She clutched my hand tight. 

I was reluctant, but felt bad for her. I took her head and laid it on my shoulder reaching my right arm around and stroking her thin black hair the way I liked it whenever I was stressed. 

She had her eyes shut the entire time, but eventually we were in the air and she sat back up.

"Thanks," she said, embarrassed, and we went on pretending like it hadn't happened.

A pretty flight attendant walked by and told us how cute we were, asking how long we'd been together. Not feeling like an argument, I let Arey lie and make up a whole fake story for us, before shutting my eyes and leaning against the window. 

I fell asleep withing 10 minutes of that. I dreamt of Cassie. Approaching me, tugging at my sweats, pulling them down a little, letting her face inside.

A small bump of turbulence woke me, or at least I thought it did. I found myself covered in a blanket and Arey laid out on all three seats, her head in my lap and her body cocooned in more blankets I assumed the flight attendant had given her. 

Before my grogginess could ware off my hand naturally fell to Arey's head and began to stroke her hair. She snuggled in my lap in appreciation, rubbing me and causing me to stir slightly. She shimmied her shoulders in a way to let the covers fall slightly, showing off her exposed shoulder and neck. 

I was starting to get a grasp on the situation and began to realize a few things. For one my sweatpants really had been pulled down slightly. And second, Arey's shoulder shouldn't have been bare, she should have been in a dress. 

For a moment I thought I was still dreaming, but she threw off her covers quickly, guided my hand to her bare breast, and flipped the blankets back up.

I just looked at her for a moment. She seemed like a woman who could handle herself all the time, but at that moment there was fear in her eyes. Maybe I felt sorry for her, maybe I was just sexually frustrated to no end, but I began to massage her breast. 

As I did the flight attendant walked by. We locked eye contact and I continued to play with Arey's breast. She could see exactly what I was doing, but she just kept moving without much reaction on her face other than surprise. 

Arey nuzzled her face down into my lap. I spread my legs, allowing her nose to gently press above my clit. I squeezed her breast harder in reaction and she let out an 'mmph' in pleasure.

I could see her hand begin to move under the blankets which reminded me she had no underwear on. Her face started to move into my lap harder and sort of began to hurt, so I motioned in a way for her to go under the blanket on my lap, which she gratefully accepted. 

There was only so much room for her to work with under there. She tried to snake her tongue down my pussy but it was difficult, so instead she managed to get my clit and upper pussy lips near her mouth and sucked them in. My feet pressed harder into the floor and my neck stiffened against the seat in response. I pinched her nipple, getting a burst of hot breath on me for it, to signify my approval.

Eventually she turned on her stomach so that she could suck on me with a better angle, and hump downwards into her hand furiously. I pulled her blankets down to her shoulder blades as she did. Our flight attendant walked by again but I avoided eye contact with her as my hand traveled up and down Arey's back, grazing it gently with my short nails, and my mind focused on finally getting the sexual attention it had been craving.
