 It had been nearly two months since the on-air incident between Monique the hooker, and Lisa her co-anchor, and Sharon was feeling fairly confident that she had won the war between them. It wasn't that Lisa hadn't tried, quite the contrary, she had tried several times to get back at the older woman, but they had been mediocre attempts at best. Most of the pranks had been discovered before they had even had a chance to reach fruition, and the ones that did, had little effect if any. Yes, Sharon was pretty confident she had won the war, and would be the top 'bitch' at K-U-N-T TV. 

Sharon usually left the station in the late afternoon, to get herself something to eat, returning about four hours before airtime, so she could do her makeup, and go over any late breaking news articles. She was on her way back from having a pretty good Italian meal. She stood in the empty lobby of the high-rise building the studio was located in, and pushed the button for the elevator. 

When the door opened she was a bit surprised to see five Japanese schoolgirls in the elevator. Being used to all kinds of school tours, the only thought that passed through Sharon's mind was, 'it seemed a little late for a tour.' She then pushed the button for the twenty-seventh floor, before turning back to face the front of the car.

In the brief instant she had seen them she had noticed that not only did the girls look almost alike, but they were all dressed the same, in black patent leather Buster Brown's, white knee socks, short red, green, and blue plaid skirts, with white button-down long-sleeved shirts. While some of the girls wore dark blue blazers, they all wore little plaid ties that matched the pattern of their skirts. 

Sharon's thoughts were suddenly interrupted by a giggle behind her. That was when she realized that she had not seen a second button lit on the control panel. She was about to turn and ask what floor the girls were headed for, when one of them reached up and pushed the button for the twenty-third floor. She turned back to the front again, going over, in her head, the stories for tonight's show. 

It was somewhere around the twentieth floor, that an almost forgotten thought began to creep into her mind. It took her several seconds to realize what it was. The twenty-third floor was unoccupied due to renovation. 

She was just about to say something to the girls when the doors opened and the girls rushed forward taking Sharon with them. Before she realized what was happening, Sharon found herself standing in the middle of a half remodeled reception area with a single large four-legged table, and some chairs in the middle of the otherwise empty space. 

"What's going on here?" Sharon asked. She suddenly made a dash for the elevator, before the doors closed, but only made it a couple of feet before the girls grabbed her and dragged her back to the middle of the room. Although she was a good head taller and considerably larger overall than the girls, there were five of them and they were all amazingly strong.

"We have some fun now, pretty lady," one of the girls giggled. 

"Now, now girls," Sharon said, suddenly realizing the position she was in.

Before she could do anything the girls pounced on her from all sides. In a flurry of soft, yet forceful hands she was stripped naked in a matter of seconds. She immediately tried to cover her large boobs and crotch with her hands, crossing her legs to help hide her nudity. 

As the girls began taking their clothes off Sharon saw another opportunity to make an escape, and made a dash for freedom. She caught the girls by surprise and made it out of the circle. Unfortunately she had not preplanned her escape very well, and suddenly realized that this was not going to work just as she reached for the elevator button. It was only at that point that she realized that she would have to wait for the elevator to arrive, so at the last minute she dodged to the side and headed for the fire escape. 

The sudden change in plans was all the delay the girls needed to grab her and bring her back to the center of the room and push the larger woman onto her back on the table. While two of the girls held her down, the other three finished getting their clothes off. As the girls finished stripping, they switched off with the girls holding Sharon, so they could strip as well. 

When the girls were all completely naked they surrounded the older woman, and Sharon found herself surprisingly excited by the look of pure lust in their eyes. She had never seen anything like it. However, despite her fear she was beginning to notice the girls. Her original intention was to try and memorize their faces so she could identify them later, if she needed to, but her eyes slowly dropped to their bodies. They were obviously older than they looked, and their body styles varied from girl to girl. Although they were all petite, they ran from mosquito bite boobs to one girl who had a healthy set of what Sharon guessed to be 32C tits. They all had flat muscular bellies and slim hips. Their legs were also slim, but very muscular. 

Suddenly it started. The girl standing above her head bent forward and kissed the older woman passionately on the lips. Her tongue taking full advantage of Sharon' s surprise to push it's way into her mouth. At the same time two of the girls, on either side of her midsection bent down and latched on to the nipples of her full breasts and began sucking like small vacuum cleaners, while their hands forcefully massaged her belly. 

The last two girls pulled her long legs further apart, and slid their hands up toward her center. Despite the stimulation from the other three girls, Sharon could feel the slim fingers between her legs pulling her sex open and slowly entering her. She blushed with the knowledge that the two girls were now well aware of just how wet she was despite her protests.

Sharon gasped into the girl's mouth, that was kissing her, as she felt two pairs of fingers slide palm deep into her pussy and slowly start to spread her open. As the girl's fingerfucked her, they both pushed their thumbs against her blood-engorged clit, and gently began massaging the sensitive nub. Within seconds Sharon's hips began rocking to the girl's ministrations. 

She had never felt so full as she did at this moment. No man had ever stretched her twat the way these girls were. And, when one of them curled her fingers upwards and stroked the top of her pussy, she experienced a sensation she had never felt before. It was an orgasm of unmatched power. The girl had found Sharon's long lost G-spot, and it felt fantastic. 

Sharon had never known anything could feel this good. Her body convulsed under the onslaught of the five oriental beauties. Even her night with Monique, after the prank she had pulled on Lisa, had not been this passionate. It had been good, but nothing close to this. 

The girls pulled their fingers out of Sharon's clutching pussy, sucking her juices off of their coated digits. She thought they were going to give her a break, but she was sorely mistaken, they were merely moving one position to their right. The girl on her left tit, moved to her mouth, while the one that had been kissing her moved to hr right tit, and so on. Within seconds they had renewed their assault on her body, and her body was already responding. Her clit was already sensitive from her first orgasm and she was rapidly climbing toward another one that promised to be even stronger than the first one. Apparently the girl who had found her G-spot the first time was still between her legs, because she immediately began stroking the pebbly patch of sensitive pussy lining.

So it went. Sharon lost track of time and how many orgasms she had. All she knew was that as soon as she came, the girls would shift to the right around her, and start all over again. The only variation was that after the second shift, the two girls between her legs changed their tactics, and while one of them probed her pussy with two or three fingers, the other girl began probing her neglected rectum. Although Sharon had never had anal sex before, she found this new action very stimulating, and the combination of pussy and butt play brought her to even stronger orgasms.

Sharon had no idea of how long this assault had been going on, but just as fast as it had started it stopped. She lay on the table too exhausted to try and escape, as the girls pulled back. At first she thought it was over, but as she finally regained enough strength to even open her eyes she saw the girls were digging into their backpacks and pulling out something. It took her a few minutes to get her eyes to focus, and with horror she realized that four of the five girls were now sporting massive strapon dildos, and moving back toward her. 

She tried to get to her feet to make an escape, but almost fell to the floor, as her legs were so weak they refused to hold her up. Two of the girls grabbed her by the arms, just as much to hold her up as to keep her from running away. While the two easily held her, the other three picked up the table and moved it out of the way. Then the two holding her arms eased her to the floor on her hands and knees. Sharon was far too weak to resist.

Once she was on her knees the girls surrounded her again. This time one of the girls lay down on her back and slid under her body. She reached up and grabbed her hips pulling her own onto her dildo, causing Sharon to gasp out loud as her still throbbing pussy was penetrated. 

As soon as she was fully impaled on the plastic cock, a second girl positioned herself behind the larger woman's butt, and spread some lubricant up and down the crack of her ass. She then positioned the head of her dildo at Sharon's backdoor, and began to push slowly into her already loosened rectum. Although she had always thought that anal would be painful, apparently the fingering the girls had given her had loosened her up enough for the large dildo to slide snuggly, but easily into her. She grunted at the feeling of fullness.

Now that the second girl was seated in her seat, the last two girls slid under Sharon's body and began suckling on her hanging breasts, sucking and biting lightly on her rock hard nipples. Sharon moaned with a mixture of pain and pleasure as the girls worked her nips over.

The fifth girl pulled a chair up in front of her, and Sharon noticed that she wasn't wearing a strapon like the others. The girl sat on the edge of the chair, placing her legs on either side of Sharon's upper body. Although her night with Monique had been her only lesbian experience, she instinctively knew what to do. She was so turned on by what they had already done to her, and were about to do, she didn't hesitate to stick out her tongue and begin licking the naked pussy presented to her.

"Oh, yes," the girl gasped, as Sharon's tongue split her thin pussy lips. "Pretty lady like to play now."

Sharon's only response was a low guttural moan. 

All of a sudden all of the girls began moving together. As the one slid into her pussy, the one in her ass slid out, then they would reverse direction. This pistoning action made her feel like an engine, a sex engine. The one at her mouth seemed to move independently of the others, and yet they all seemed to work together. The two at her breasts sucked and bit causing the woman to moan into the pussy she was probing as deeply as she could with her tongue, as she was stimulated beyond human tolerance.  

They fucked her like she had never been fucked before. Despite her multiple orgasms, or perhaps because of them, she was soon coming hard on the two dildos that were invading her body. But, unlike before, this time they did not rotate when she came. No matter whether she failed to orgasm or had a dozen, the girl she was eating triggered the rotation. When the girl she was orally servicing came, they would rotate, swapping places, just as they had previously, with one girl taking her dildo off and replacing the girl in front, who would put the dildo on, and either move to a breast or behind her. 

So for the next couple of hours Sharon went through the most unbelievable fucking of her life. She didn't remember too much of it, all she could think of was the pleasure. A pleasure that was almost unbearable in it's intensity. Finally it did become unbearable and she passed out, but not before she had managed to bring all five of the girls to orgasm, and even though she didn't realize it, some of the girls even more than once. 

As Sharon lay limply on the floor, one of the girls bent down to make sure she was all right, while the other girls stood around her trying to catch their breath.

"Is the pretty lady ok?" asked the girl with the big boobs.

"Yeah," replied the girl who had been checking Sharon out. "She just passed out from pleasure."

"That was so much fun," the big breasted girl said, as her friends began dressing, "I'm almost thinking about giving back the money." She thought about it for a few seconds. "Nah."

Within a matter of minutes the girls had dressed and put away their toys. As they all stood looking down at Sharon's inert body, they looked as they had when they had first met her in the elevator. They one by one bent down and gave her a goodbye kiss on the lips, before they left, leaving Sharon lying naked on the floor in a puddle of her own pussy juices.