 **Note: This story involves lesbian sex so please click away if that's not your thing. It's my first story ever written so please be gentle. ;) Feedback and requests welcome!**

*****

"Courtney and Meghan sitting in a tree, K-I-S-S-I-N-G"... this seemed to be the third grade anthem; every time I got near a girl, they sang it. Well, ever since my mom chopped all my hair off and I looked like a boy, anyway. Kids were cruel. They called me a lesbian, though I didn't even really know what the word meant at 9 years old.

Being pegged as a lesbian from elementary school means no friends, ever, because all of the girls were scared of being called gay, too. Except Meghan, she was different. Meghan stuck by my side through thick and thin, all the way through high school. And here we are, nearly ten years later. 

"She's beautiful, isn't she?" Ryan nudged me out of my daydream. 

I had to agree, Meghan looked absolutely radiant in her wedding dress. It was ivory with a perfect amount of lace, hugging her curves in all the right places. 

My best friend since third grade is only 19 and already marrying a douchebag, but of course I'm here to support her. What are best friends for? I took another drink of my soda and tried not to sigh too loudly.

Meghan was always prettier than the other girls in school, especially me. A cheerleader, and top of our class of course, she excelled at everything she did. I lurked in the shadows, a science nerd with blonde hair and pasty skin, great grades but far too clumsy to play any type of sport. I only had a few friends, but none who cared about me like Meg did.

I've always been too thin for my liking, something else Meghan never had to worry about, though she always made me feel beautiful. 

"Don't worry about what they think, you're perfect just the way you are." 

I remember those days fondly. I hated that high school had to end, mostly because I knew Meghan and I wouldn't see each other every day anymore.

"I'd bury my face in those tits, wouldn't you?" Ryan jostled me back to reality with another dumb, rhetorical question.

"No! I'm not a lesbian, Ryan! Plus, she's my best friend." I playfully slapped at his hand, knowing deep down that I was attracted to her - though she could never know. I never kept secrets from my best friend, but this one was a necessary exception. I didn't want things to be weird.

He rolled his eyes and let out a sigh. "Sure, sure" he quipped.

It doesn't take a lesbian to notice the beauty in Meghan's caramel complexion, soft curves, and voluptuous breasts. She's always been the beautiful one out of the two of us, but she's never known it. The truth is, I've had a crush for a while, but it's innocent. At least that's what I keep telling myself. Besides, who wouldn't have a crush on someone with such a delicious looking ass? 

When it was time for the douchebag groom to kiss the bride, I looked away. I felt the guilt rising up, maybe because when I looked closely I could tell Meghan looked miserable, maybe because I shouldn't have been staring at her ass when she just got married. 

After the ceremony, Meghan looked like she needed a break. We nodded to each other and snuck off to the room I helped her get ready in an hour or so before. Locking the door behind her, she slid down the door onto the floor and started crying.

"I can't do this! Courtney... what have I done?"

"Oh honey. No, no... don't cry on your wedding day. Please, you look so beautiful. Absolutely perfect. Don't cry."

I stroked her hair and gently wiped her tears away. I hated to see my best friend cry. Meghan looked up and gave me a weak smile. 

She hugged me, and as she was pulling away she looked into my eyes in a different way than she ever had before. 

We both froze. Our lips were only an inch or two apart. It felt almost like a magnet was pulling us together. 

"Megs, we can't." 

She knew I was right. She just got married. What were we doing?

Meghan rested her head on my shoulder and put her hand on mine.

That magnetic feeling was intensifying. Logic was escaping both of us. I had to get out of that room. Before I escaped, I gave her another hug.

As we hugged, her hand brushed against my breast. Surely by accident, but it made my nipple hard through my silky dress. When she pulled away from our embrace, it happened again, sending an electric shock through my body and making me wet beneath my lacy thong. Our eyes met, and in that moment, I knew Meghan wanted me like I had wanted her for so long and there was no fighting it.

"Best friends forever, right?"

Nodding and leaning in, Meghan gently pressed her lips against mine. The gentleness was short lived, as we both went crazy at that first touch. So many years of hiding our feelings all came to the surface at once.

Her hands hurriedly reached for the bottom of my dress, and pulled it off over my head, leaving my bare breasts exposed. Everything was happening so fast. What were we doing? My head was spinning, my body tingling, but it felt right.

I climbed on top of Meghan, kissing her ravenously, my soaked thong the only thing separating my willing pussy from her soft fingers. Her sweet jasmine scent was almost too much for me to handle. I melted into her, unzipping her dress, wanting nothing more than to be closer to my best friend that I've loved and craved all of these years.

"I want you. I've always wanted you." Meghan's voice was heavily laced with desire, with the same longing I've felt for her for so long. 

After we made sure the door was locked, and Meghan wriggled out of her dress, now wearing just a bra and panties. We landed on the couch together. Sliding out of her bra, Meghan mounted me, kissing me once more. I grabbed her gorgeous tits as I pulled one of her soft, tan nipples into my mouth. A moan escaped her lips.

"Mmmmm."

"You like it?" I asked, knowing the answer already, as I could see her juices had started to soak through her silky panties. As I slowly kissed my way down her delicious, caramel skin, I took pleasure in the moans escaping her mouth. She leaned back onto the couch and I knew she wanted more.

"Are you sure you want to do this?" I asked as I slid her panties down to her ankles.

"I've never been more sure of anything in my life, Court- ohmygod!"

Before she could finish, I slid two of my long, slender fingers inside her. I looked up one last time to make sure she wanted me to keep going. She writhed in anticipation and guided me as my mouth continued its descent towards her wetness. 

Any hesitations we may have had disappeared as my tongue slowly swirled around her perfect brownish pink clit. Flicking faster, moving my drenched fingers out of the way, I slid my tongue down until it reached inside her pulsating center. She tasted as good as she looked, maybe even better. Yes, definitely better. Meghan tasted like the sweetest candy I'd ever had, and I couldn't get enough.

My inner thighs were soaked. I was so passionately lost in the moment, I couldn't concentrate. What now? I hadn't done this before. Shit. I mean, porn only gets you so far. I told myself I needed to pull it together before she noticed how clueless I was.

Meghan sensed my hesitation and pulled me up to her, slowly grinding her velvety skin against mine. Our bodies flowed together as one and moved in perfect rhythm.

"I've wanted to try this for a long, long time," she whispered as she rolled me onto my back so she could climb on top.

I was pleasantly surprised when I noticed Meghan lowering her soft, dripping wet pussy onto my face. While her face was now hovering over my throbbing center as well, the anticipation was killing me. 

Without an ounce of hesitation, we began to devour each other's juices, consumed by lust... and what felt a lot like love, too. Meghan might have been as clueless as I was, but she didn't let on. Our bodies perfectly entangled, I was on the verge of exploding as soon as she took my wetness into her mouth.

Attempting to concentrate on my technique was futile. Darting my tongue in and out of her pussy, I began rubbing her clit while I tasted her. She let out a moan that told me I was doing just fine. I relaxed a little, which may have been a mistake because I immediately lost all control.

"Yes! Cum for me, Courtney! All over my face!" I could hear Meghan's muffled words as I tried not to scream. It felt so good, I couldn't help myself. Screaming into her soaked pussy seemed to send her over the edge, and she began to cum with me. 

I licked up every last drop of her deliciousness before coming up for air. Then, not sure if I was pushing my luck or not, I slid one of my fingers back inside, taking the place of my tongue. Meg's body jolted up, and I got nervous. Then, I felt her pushing against me. She wanted more, and so did I.

We were completely enveloped in each other for what seemed like hours. 

It took a while for Meghan's legs to finally stopped shaking.

"Holy shit," we both seemed to say in unison.

That had to be at least five orgasms each. We both collapsed onto separate ends of the couch, content as we'd ever been. 

After a moment of listening to heavy breathing from both of us, I had to ask the question I already knew the answer to.

"Now, can we talk about why you were so upset?"

"Because I didn't marry the right person, Court..."

Meghan got up and wrangled her dress back on. I helped her get buttoned and zipped up. She adjusted her wedding dress one last time. As she walked out, she looked back at me, catching a final glimpse of my naked body before she closed the door behind her. 

Somehow, I knew this wouldn't be our last time together like this...