 It is difficult to try to recall how I felt about Catherine, sometimes I would feel ashamed of my feelings, after all she was more than twice my age, yet I guess I looked forward to seeing her for some reason. I had begun to enjoy her company and our times together, as well as liking her for her generous tips when I waited on her. Now we had this date for the pictures, and I admit I was beginning to believe she was queer.

As I said I'd had a bad experience that caused me to move from one part of the city to another, I had no one to blame really, I'd had a mind of my own for some time and was usually determined to get my way. No doubt I was a bit screwed up in those days; an angry young woman would have described me. I did not realize it at the time but I had a very high I.Q., and as a result had little tolerance for most of my peers in school. A bit of a bully really that often got me into trouble with authorities.

I was the product of a mother who was often out at cards or bingo, and an alcoholic father who usually spent most evenings in a bar somewhere. When I was younger I had an Aunt who used to babysit me, but as the saying goes I could twist her around my little finger and often got my way with whatever I wanted. Once I entered my teens I was often left to look after myself, I had freedoms few other kids had as I was often left to my own devices.

Mother worked as an office cleaner and father was a laborer, both low paying jobs. Mother had the real strength in the family and had a fiery temper; I have inherited a lot of her characteristics. I think when I did leave home my parents didn't try too hard to stop me, in a way I think they were glad to get rid of me.

Even before I got that job in a better class restaurant I was starting to realize I was the product of my own making, and I could do something about it. The patrons there treated me more like a woman should be treated with a little more respect, and I began to see the benefits to be had if I just got rid of my old prejudices and habits. I had begun to dress better, not just for my job but when I went out in the evenings too. I was frequenting a better class of dance halls where the people treated me with a little more respect that I had a hard time adjusting to, but adjust I did, although it was to be some time before I realized that.

Of course Catherine had always shown respect for me, was always polite and never rude or complaining. As a waitress it wasn't hard to like people like her, and in turn I tried to do my best to please her. It was true that as she was a generous tipper it was obviously in my best interest to do so. Money had always been a problem for me; or rather the lack of it, living from one week to the next, buying cheap clothes and jewellery and just trying to survive on my own in a big city with no family I could rely on.

Here was a woman who was obviously wealthy, after all she had a nice car and not many ordinary people could afford a car in those days. She had taken a liking to me and in our previous outings together she had always paid for everything, lunch, drinks and even buying me cigarettes. I was used to that with some of the men I'd dated, but not a woman.

Now for some reason I can't explain I had agreed to go on dates with her, my instincts were kicking in and I began to wonder about her intentions. I always prided myself on being able to take care of myself so wasn't really too worried about being with her, after all she was that much older than me and a little on the heavy side.

When my shift ended at 4 PM that day, I hurried home to freshen up and change, as Catherine was to pick me up in time to go to the 'second house' at the theatre. On occasion I did think she'd been nice and friendly because she was just lonely and wanted a friend, but I felt it was more than that. I felt the anger mounting inside me thinking about it on occasion and finally thought to myself something like, "Fuck it" only one way to find out.

After a quick bath I put on a nice black ensemble with black nylons, a navy blouse and pleated skirt. (I favoured pleated skirts for the freedom they gave me for shagging and often felt very sexy in them). I can't explain why I wanted to look good for her, I just did, after brushing my hair and did my make-up then got my coat and waited by the window looking out for her car. When she arrived I went down stairs to meet her, she got out and held the car door for me to get in.

We exchanged pleasantries as I got in and she walked round to the other side and slid in behind the wheel, she did smell nice with a lovely perfume. We made small talk on the way to the theatre, and once there had a bit of a wait for the first house to empty. Fortunately it was not too crowded, and we sat close to the back as there was lots of room with nobody immediately beside us.

We took our coats off and placed them over our knees and settled down to watch the picture, in the dim flickering light from the projector that seemed to be over our heads, I could see her eyes shining as she often looked at me. She placed a hand under our coats and moved it over to take hold of mine and give it a friendly squeeze. I squeezed hers in return and we sat there holding hands, and after a while felt her press her knee against mine.

I felt a bump under her dress where her stocking top was turned over her garter. I didn't really resist although I'd never done anything like this before with a woman, I'd often played with a man's cock in a theatre as he'd give me a feel under coats over our laps, but never with another female.

I glanced at her pressing my knee against hers in return and saw her smile as a result, quietly slowly she moved her shoulder close to mine, and brought her other hand over and laid it on my forearm, and started gently to rub it up and down. Out of the corner of my eyes I verified there was no one sitting close enough to see what was going on, and actually enjoyed her light touches.

I wasn't sure what to do and just let her continue, she relaxed her hold on the hand under our coats and let hers rest lightly on my thigh, and then moved her fingers enough to let me feel what she was doing. I was enjoying it, and then she got bolder running her finger tips up and down my thigh. Conscious of what she was doing, I glanced around to see if anyone was paying any particular attention to us, but they just seemed to be engrossed in the picture.

I admit to getting excited feeling the slight caresses she was giving me on my thigh, but when I felt her start to move her hand around my thigh under my skirt I felt that was enough, and placed my hand over hers and held it. By this time I had lost all interest in the picture, and took her hand to prevent her going further and looked at her, giving it a slight squeeze.

Once the picture ended we stood up and gather up our coats and headed for the exit. I thought she looked a little disappointed, I took her hand and she smiled up at me and held my hand as we walked to her car. I didn't care who would see us, not that there was anybody out that mattered, and she unlocked the passenger door first to let me in, then moved round and got in the car herself.

It was starting to get dark and in the dim light she sat there for a minute looking at me, she held my hand again and was smiling at me and nothing was said. It just seemed natural as she lifted my hand to her lips and kissed it, looking at me as she did so as if to gauge my reaction. I didn't resist or protest just let her kiss me, then she whispered to me,"Will you come home with me?"

Hardly able to speak I just sat there looking at her then nodded my acceptance, I was aroused, I found it incredible I was so turned on by what had been happening to me. With all the men I'd been with I'd never felt like this, it was as if deep inside me I knew this is what I needed, so in a way it was a relief when she started the engine and we got going.

We got to her house where once inside she hung up our coats and invited me to take a seat. The house was cool and she stoked up the fire, then went into the bedroom and lit a gas fire to warm up the room, and then put the kettle on for tea before joining me on the sofa. Now I'm not going to tell you I remember what she said to me that night or over the weekend, so what I'm telling you now are what I think she might have said to me.

When she joined me she got on her knees on the sofa and clasping my hand and kissed it, smiling as she looked into my eyes told me she had fallen in love with me, and said she was aching to please me any way she could.

I just sat there enjoying her closeness, the slight whiff of perfume and the warmth and softness of her hands was intoxicating to me that night. She held my head and pressed her cheek against mine, then kissed it and my neck for a few moments before venturing round to kiss my mouth. Not sure how I should react I just let her, she took my face between her hands and continued kissing me, her tongue pressed against my lips I parted them slightly so she could slip it into my mouth, soon I began to kiss her back.

Now I was an active participant she was kissing me even harder, her hand starting to caress my upper body, lightly over and around my tits. Her breathing was getting heavier and I sensed her eagerness, she was muttering sweet nothings to me about how she loved me. She started to undo the buttons of my blouse I just let her, I felt a little nervous as I let her undress me, and once it was undone her fingers worked their magic over and around each mound.

It was amazing, her touch was so titillating the way she just used her fingertips to lightly caress my skin, hardly using any pressure at all. Down and around my tits, not touching my nipples yet circling them ever so close, it was so different from anything I'd experienced with a man. Moaning from the pleasure she was inducing in me, she at last removed my tits from my bra and touched my nipples, they were rock hard as she just raked her fingertips over them before taking them in her fingers to squeeze them gently.

Reaching up to hold her by her head I brought her face down in a silent invitation to suck my tits, she teased them with her tongue at first, then nipped them with her teeth before settling down to suckle them. My climax hit with such a force I cried out and held her tight for a moment as the waves of pleasure surged through my body. Just playing with my tits like that was enough to give me the most fantastic orgasm, something I'd never experienced in my life before.

We were disturbed by the kettle boiling away and she got off me to go see to it and all I said was, "turn it off" and she did just that then led me to her bedroom. There she unzipped my skirt and removed it placing it on a chair, then giving me a smile as if seeking permission, got down on her knees and pulled my knickers down and I placed a hand on her head to balance myself, lifting one foot at a time to let her remove them. She undid my garters and took off my stockings and I undid the garter belt and placed it on a chair as she sat back on her heels to look up at me.

Sitting there smiling up at me, it was an awkward moment, the silence broken only by the hissing of the gas fire till I held out my hand and helped her to her feet. I was extremely excited by this time, silly I know but was unsure about how to proceed, a man would have been all over me by this time but she was patient knowing we had all night to make love.

I sat on the bed and watched her undress, removing her dress followed by her chemise and bra, it caught my breath for a moment as she was quite well endowed, then removed her drawers before struggling out of her girdle and stood before me in just her stockings and ankle boots. She hesitated a moment seeming nervous as she took a step towards me, I automatically swung my legs up onto the bed in a silent invitation to join me.

By now my body was on fire, watching her undress exposing her ample body to me for the first time fascinated me. Climbing up beside me I grabbed her hair forcing myself on her as I kissed her deeply, tonguing her mouth and sucking her tongue in return. I was rougher with her than she had been with me, yet she didn't complain, I gripped her tits sucking and biting them hearing her cries of pleasure egging me on to rape her. I put a hand down between her legs to feel her pussy; she opened her legs wide to let me explore it, she was so wet my fingers slipped into it easy.

Unable to hold back any longer I climbed on top of her and pressed my pussy up against hers, clit to clit and started to fuck her like a man would. Our first orgasms didn't take long to explode over us, I gripped her by her hair hard and kept humping her, really banging her and felt her place her heels on the bed to raise her arse to meet my thrusts. Orgasm after orgasm poured out of both of us, her cries driving me to new heights I'd never experienced with any man.

Exhausted I finally flopped down on the bed beside her flushed from my excitement, my heart pounding. She was also breathing hard from her exertion, her face sweaty and smiling from pure joy. She slipped an arm under me and kissed my mouth gently, I opened my lips and she gave me her tongue to suck as I pulled her body close to me, her generous tits pressing mine.

"I love you Mairi" she said, pushing my hair back from my face and stroking it, "that was so beautiful I'm glad I met you."

We held each other like that for some time as our bodies quieted then slowly we began to pet one another again. I loved it, for probably for the first time in my life I felt fully satisfied, yet willing for more as her caresses started to perform their magic on me.

What was the rush, we had the whole night to make love, tomorrow was Sunday and I had so much to learn about true love.

I slept soundly after that, one of the deepest sleeps I'd had in a long time. I awoke in the morning to someone talking to me, waking up I realised it was Catherine saying good morning to me. Sitting up I saw she was by the bed with a silver tray on which she had a pot of tea, with cream, sugar, toast and jam.

As often happens when I wake up I had to run to the bath room for my morning pee, it was chilly in the bathroom and after I'd done my business I hurried back to the warmth of the bedroom. Catherine was naked except for her slippers, and as we sipped our tea she asked me if I enjoyed myself with her, and did I want her to do more to please me. I had to be honest with her and told her yes, now I didn't tell her it was the most wonderful time I'd had in a long time, but at least admitted it had been enjoyable.

I know I wanted to play with her some more, what I had experienced had felt incredible, obviously being naked didn't bother her. I commented on how chilly it was in the living room compared to the warmth of the bedroom, at which she excused herself and left the room.

After about 10 minutes she came back into the room to tell me she had lit the fire in the living room to warm it up, so we might as well stay in bed for a while. Once I finished my tea and toast I moved over and invited her back into bed with me, she was quick to accept. In the process I kicked the covers off to reveal her whole body, she lay there looking at me, and she had a nice rack on her that kind of hung on either side of her chest. Her tummy was nicely rounded and the triangle from between her legs to almost her belly button had a nice thick crop of dark pubic hair.

She lay there looking at me, a slight smile on her face, leaning on one elbow I reached over and lifted up her tit. It felt so soft and was nicely tipped with a wide areola and nipple, for me that was arousing in its self. I recalled how she had caressed me with her fingertips and now I did the same to her, from her neck to her belly button, up and down each side of her chest slowly inching my fingers closer and closer towards her nipples.

I watched her face closely as I did this gauging her reaction, her breathing got heavier, her tongue darting out to lick her own lips and low sounds were escaping from her mouth. I was thrilled with what I was doing to her, enjoying her reaction as she tried to arch her back to present them more fully into my hand. She started whimpering, her eyes glassy, I knew what she wanted and after a few more minutes finally pinched her nipples, and they were standing out like ripe raspberries now. Leaning over I gripped one in both my hands and squeezed it as I took her nipple in my mouth, now she reached up to hold my head against her tits as I suckled first one then the other till I felt her body move with a cry, then stiffen for a moment then collapse. I let go of her now and watched her enjoy her moment of the extreme pleasure surging through her body.

I lay back now, pleased with what I'd done to her and holding my own tits up she got up on one arm and reached over to begin her caresses of me. My body was on fire, I loved the feelings being induced in me as Catherine began to take care of my needs. As she suckled and fondled my tits her other hand found my pussy, she was wet so wet I opened my legs for her to explore it fully, I was expecting her to climb on and start tribbing me but she surprised me. Slowly she kissed her way down over my tummy, stopping to tongue my belly button before continuing down to kiss my nether lips.

I was astonished at this; automatically I sat up as she manoeuvred herself round to the end of the bed so she could place her mouth over my whole pussy. Now I felt her tongue start to explore me, I laid back and felt her bring her arms around to grip my hips to press her face hard against my pussy as her tongue probed deeper and deeper into me, then relax and out to suck my clit, nibbling on it with her lips and repeating. The sound I was making was incredible, so hoarse and loud as an orgasm poured out of me, then quickly followed by another.

After Catherine climbed back up to lie on her side beside me, I saw around her mouth was wet, obviously from licking my pussy, I put my arms around and kissed her tasting myself. I was surprised at myself for doing that, but it seemed to be the right thing to do after the pleasure she had given me. Now she laid her head on my chest as we just lay there, nothing was said just a feeling of contentment.

Not sure but we probably doze off for a bit, as before we know it was around noon. By this time the living room was quite warm from the fire Catherine had lit, so we decided to get up. She asked me to if I could spend the day with her, and really I had no reason not to and agreed. She gave me a robe to put on but stayed naked herself, then rushed to the kitchen to put the kettle on for more tea. I settled into an armchair by the fire to watch television, there wasn't much in those days, just two channels, the BBC And an 'Independent Television' one.

Later we took a bath, that was luxury for me as there never seemed to be enough hot water where I stayed, but Catherine had what they called a Hot Water Immersion Heater, so there was lots of hot water to soak in. with the bubble bath salts she put in the water it was pure luxury for me.

Later she took me out for supper, and then we had a couple of drinks before she dropped me off at my boarding house. She was going to be very hard for me to give up.