 This is the forth chapter in the Charlie series. All characters, events, places, and anything else you can think of are figments of my imagination that I put down on paper (metaphorically) for your viewing pleasure.

Also, as a side note, no sex this chapter so if that's what you're looking for, sorry. 

--

When Casey first came to my house, she was broken and I was the one that had comforted her when she was in a dark place. She had seen Lindsey walk out the door with a packed bag and tears running down her cheek. 

When Casey asked what was wrong, Lindsey just looked at her smiled and said, "take good care of her okay?" and then left without another word.

I was still sitting on my bed trying to still absorb what had just happened and the implications that it had on my future. I was staring at the carpet that lined my bedroom when I heard a light knocking on the door.

"Come in" I said quietly.

Lindsey walked into my room looking unsure. I gave her a weak smile and then averted my eyes back to the same spot on the carpet. Lindsey quietly opened the door enough so she could enter the room. She came and sat down next to me on the bed.

I was a very confused set of emotions at that point. I obviously wasn't happy that Lindsey had left, but now I didn't have to hide my emotions for Casey from her. I was excited but at the same time terrified of the next few days and weeks and what they meant for the relationship between Casey and me. I didn't know if we would even have a relationship after I told her what I knew I had to.

All of these emotions came cascading out of me when Casey put her hand on my back. That slight contact, the thoughts that were running rampant in my head, and the events that had transpired with Lindsey caused a tear to trickle down my face. I'm not usually a crier but the weight of everything that had just happened crashed down on me. What was supposed to be a comforting gesture turned into what broke my emotional dam. 

Lindsey started to rub my back, knowing that the one tear that was shed had an enormity of meaning behind it, but not quite understanding the full meaning behind it for me. As thoughts of Casey ran through my mind I suddenly jerked away from her fearing that I would blurt everything out all at once and ruin any chance no matter how slim it was that I actually had with her. 

When I jerked away from her touch, she looked hurt but I had to escape somehow. I made some excuse about wanting to be alone to her and watched as she left my room with a disappointed look in her eyes but she gave a weak smile. I knew that what I had said was a complete and total lie; the only thing I wanted at the moment was Casey. 

I ran a hot bath and went to retrieve a bottle of wine from the kitchen. Luckily I didn't run into Casey, she had gone to her room. I drank about half of the bottle while I just soaked in the bath and organized my thoughts. I knew I had to tell Casey that I was in love with her even through the fear of rejection. I thought about the best option of how to do this and since I knew once I got stated telling her, I would jumble my words and forget something important so I decided a letter was the way to go. I was still trying to figure out a way to keep Lindsey as a friend but couldn't come up with a solution to that issue before the water went cold.

I reluctantly got out of the luke warm water and toweled dry. I put on a pair of baggy sweat pants and t-shirt and proceeded to return the remainder of the wine to the kitchen. As I shut the refrigerator door, Casey leaned against the kitchen doorway and was just looking at me. God she looked amazing, she was only dressed in a plain v-neck shirt and running shorts but to me she had never looked better. 

"Hey" I said. My eyes were not quite able to meet hers.

"Hi" she said in a very gentle tone. She took a deep breath, "I've known you for a long time now, and even though you know I hate it when you don't tell me things, I know that you like to get things clear in your own head before you lay them out on the table. So will you at least come sit with me?"

I slowly nodded and followed her to the living room. Through my buzz from the wine, I knew it would have been a better idea to keep my space away from her but I couldn't help myself, it was like there was some force between us that was always drawing me to her. The television was already on and we just sat in silence. I stared at the screen not knowing if I could trust myself to open my mouth to speak. So I just sat there and so did Casey. 

My arm was pressed up against hers due to the fact that the couch we sat on was actually more of a love seat. My skin was on fire where it made contact with hers. That wasn't helping keep my mouth shut.

Eventually my mind wandered and I started to plan out the letter that I had to write to Casey. I glanced over at Casey but it seemed like her mind was off somewhere else too.

"Look at us" I half chuckled. "We definitely have our lives figured out."

Casey started to laugh as the irony of the comment sank in. We were both newly single, Casey was unemployed and in the process of finding a job, my live in girlfriend had just left because I was in love with my best friend who was supposed to be staying temporarily, and we were both sitting on my couch watching a show that neither of us knew what it was.

With a bit of the tension broken I finally looked Casey in the eye as I took her hand in mine and said, "I will tell you all what happened but like you said, I need to collect my thoughts before I just start spurting out random things."

She smiled and gave me an understanding nod. By then it was getting late and I wanted that day to end so I headed to bed.

--

I started writing the letter the next day when I woke up. I figured since I would have to start working again that week I thought I would get a head start on it. I was wrong. Even though I had been working on sorting out my thoughts and putting them on paper for over two hours I scrapped everything that I wrote once I read through it. This was going to be hard.

--

I would be going back to work on Monday and it had been a long stressful week. I'm not normally the going out type, but I figured I had earned a few drinks and a night off from reality. I invited Casey to come to one of the gay bars in town that Lindsey and I used to go to every once in a while. This had a few perks, I knew Casey wouldn't be hit on by anybody since we would look like a couple, and it would also introduce her to part of my lifestyle since it was something that she wasn't quite used to seeing.

We arrived at the club and the DJ already had people gyrating on the dance floor. Casey and I somehow found an open booth, an unlikely even on a Saturday night. While Casey sat at the booth, I went up to the bar to get us a first round of cocktails.

When I arrived back at the table, Shawna, one of the regulars and a known player was sitting opposite Casey. Shawna had short black hair that was spiked up, a sleeve of tattoos that ran all the way up her left arm and although she was considered butch, her features were very eye pleasing. Her eyes were a piercing green; she had high cheek bones and kissable pink lips. I slipped into the booth next to Casey and put her drink in front of her.

Shawna's face went downcast as she realized that Casey was 'spoken for'. After awhile Shawna's interest was in another girl across the bar and she got up from out booth. I stayed on the same side of the booth with Casey, what can I say I liked being close to her.

Casey started to giggle and asked, "She was hitting on me wasn't she?"

"Who wouldn't?" Was my response that elicited a grin from her. I couldn't tell if Shawna had made her uncomfortable or not so I said, "Hey if you didn't like it you can be my girlfriend for the night" I added hopefully.

I was elated when she responded "ok!" as her fingers intertwined with mine. I don't think anything could wipe the smile from my face that night. I was on cloud nine. We just sat and talked and people watched while we each consumed a few more drinks like we did when we were in college. Our hands were still gripping each others, I knew I would never be the one to let go of hers.

Inevitability, as always happened when Casey and I went out, she wanted to dance. I wasn't a huge fan, but I would do anything that Casey wanted to do. When an older song came on that we used to dance to in college, Casey stood up, our hands never breaking and she practically dragged me to the dance floor.

"Since you are my girlfriend for the night that means you have to dance with me" she said with a wicked grin on her face. She knew dancing wasn't my favorite and that I rarely danced with anybody besides her.

I responded with, "Well if you are my girlfriend for the night does that mean I get to do other stuff to you when we get home?" The look on her face was priceless. Now the wicked grin was on my face and I started to laugh as she gently slapped my arm and we made our way on the dance floor. I loved the sexual banter that Casey and I had, I just wish it was as real for her that is was for me instead of joking.

Casey started to move away from me so that we would have some space between us while we danced like we did when we were in college. Our fingers were still intertwined so I lifted her arm above her, spun her around, and pulled her so that her back was pushed up against my front. I knew if I danced face to face with her so close I would end up regretting my actions. Our fingers never disconnected and my arm was wrapped halfway around her, resting on her stomach.

"This is how I dance with my girlfriend" I spoke in her ear and oh so gently brushed my lips against her ear as I started to move with the music. I felt a shiver run through her body as she had made me do many times as her body started to move with mine. Although we had never danced like this together, we seemed to be made for each other. We could each read the others body language to tell what our next move would be. My hips were grinding against her perfectly shaped ass and I gave the dancing everything I had. I didn't normally dance like this in public but I figured I had nothing to lose. I was single and in love with my best friend who was currently wrapped in my arms, I had everything to gain. 

My right hand was still holding tight to Casey's as my left hand began to wander and found a perfect resting spot on her hip. My thumb of my right hand was stroking her hand as we danced and my left hand was massaging her hip. We let the song from our college days end and then another began. I spun Casey around so we were facing each other and pulled her close. Our breasts were pressed up against each other as we both began to move to the beat.

I encircled her waist with my arms and hooked my thumbs in the back of her pants. My fingers began to gently massage her rear and pull her closer. Our crotches weren't quite rubbing together, but being this close and being in this environment with Casey was turning me on.

When the song stopped, Casey pulled back slightly to face me and it was almost like her eyes had changed shades of blue, they were darker than their usual blue. 

I couldn't read her expression as she said, "I never knew you could actually dance." She almost seemed astonished. In college I would always dance awkwardly with no one because I never had anyone to dance with.

I was slightly embarrassed, I didn't usually dance like that and, I guess I had let things get a little out of control. I was horny and dancing with the girl I loved, what do you expect?

Casey needed a bathroom break so I went up to the bar and started chatting with a guy that I had known for some time but only through the club. We were catching up and it had been probably about five minutes when I saw a commotion near the bathroom. I was on my feet in an instant thinking the worst.

Shawna had cornered Casey and was trying to feel her up and kiss her. Shawna was obviously drunk and was getting angry that Casey didn't want anything to do with her. Instead of getting in a fight with the drunk woman I casually slipped in between the two when Shawna took a drunken stumble backwards away from Casey.

"Hey love" I said to Casey "everything ok?" I asked loud enough for Shawna to hear.

"Aw, com'mon" Shawna slurred, "she's not your girlfriend, you are with that hot little blond"

"We broke up" I said, not leaving any room for questions. "This is my new girl" I said as I embraced Casey and caressed her check with my thumb, trying to convince the drunken woman that we were actually together.

"s'whatever" Shawna slurred as she staggered away.

Still embracing Casey I looked her straight in the eye and asked if she was ok. She said that she was a little shaken at first but felt better when I showed up. Her saying that warmed my heart and I pulled her into a full embrace.

"Want to head home?" I asked, not knowing what else to say and it was actually getting kind of late. Our buzz had worn off while we danced so we were fine to drive.

We walked to the car in silence, my hand felt empty without holding hers.

We got into the car and with my sense of humor and remembering what Casey had said about my dancing earlier I said, "You know you can tell how good a person is in bed by how they dance?" I bit my lip as I tried not to laugh. 

Casey burst out laughing, "Think you're that good do you?"

"It's not an I think so type of situation... I can demonstrate if you want?" I looked at Casey with my eyebrows raised letting her know that I was joking but I she was going to challenge me further I wouldn't have a second thought about following through. If she would have accepted I think I actually would have died and gone to heaven.

Unfortunately for me, Casey just gave me 'the look' and continued to laugh at me. In the back of my mind I was wishing that she had kept challenging me. When we got home, we were both tired so we just went to bed still teasing one another with the sexual banter. 

I was more turned on than I could ever remember when I slipped into my bed. We had been dancing for quite awhile earlier in the night and thoughts of the way Casey's body moved against mine and the way her body would hopefully move against mine in the future. As these images flirted through my head I could feel my panties being soaked. I reached my hand down the front of my underwear and began to massage my clit. I brought myself to orgasm very quickly and it was a very powerful one. I fell into a peaceful sleep not long after.

--

Monday rolled around so I woke up to an empty bed and a cold bowl of cereal. I still hadn't quite adjusted to Lindsey being gone. I went to work as usual to a rather uneventful day. I had lots of work to catch up on since I had been going the previous week. My boss was understanding and didn't push; he knew I did my best work when I was left alone. We had a brief conversation about how my 'family' situation was and I told him it wasn't ideal but I was coping and that I would be sure to ask if I needed anything. He seemed satisfied enough with that answer so he left me to my own devise for the rest of the day.

I wasn't quite ready to see Lindsey yet so I got a quick lunch and ate it in my office. I knew I would have to write all of my thoughts about Casey down on paper but instead I was keeping my mind busy with all of the paper work I had to catch up on. Which as it turned out did some good. By the end of the day I had finished three of the five days worth of work by staying late.

By the time I got home I was mentally and physically exhausted. I was planning on just ordering a pizza and having a few beers to help unwind but when I stepped through my door, my sense of smell was assaulted with one of the most delicious scents I had ever smelled. It was emanating from the kitchen along with some music.

I walked to the doorway of the kitchen to see Casey working at the stove. She was wearing scrumptiously short shorts with her cheeks barely concealed and a baggy t-shirt that came almost came down to the bottom of her shorts. Her hair was up in a messy bun and she was swaying her hips to the music while stirring whatever was on the stove. I was no longer interested in the smell of the food, she looked delectable. 

She hadn't heard me come in or if she did she was acting like she didn't.

I went up behind her and encircled her waist with my arms while resting my chin on her shoulder, "mmmm, that smells delicious" I whispered in her ear, my lips coming close to brushing her ear. I felt a slight shiver run through her. At the time I didn't think about it, but in that situation it should have stuck out as odd to me, but at the time it just felt so right.

She turned her head so that our faces were just a few inches apart. It took all of my willpower to not close that small gap and devour her lips.

"I just wanted to make something to thank you for all that you have done for me in the past week" She said. As she was speaking, my eyes never left the deep blue of hers. Was it just me or did they darken slightly when she saw me?

"You don't have to do that!" I said as I gave her a slight squeeze before I released her from my embrace.

"I know, but I wanted to" she said, adding one of her smiles that brightened the room no matter where she was.

The dinner was the best I'd had in a long time. Not only was the food scrumptious but I was returning back to myself and was really enjoying Casey's company and the conversation we were having. By the time dinner was over I had consumed a fair amount of wine, just enough to slightly loosen inhibitions but not enough to be considered buzzed.

We talked about a lot that we had missed in each other's lives since we had left college. All of the stories that seemed not important when they happened suddenly were out only subjects we talked about.

It was getting late and I told Casey that I had to head to bed because of work in the morning again. She reminded me that her interview was set for tomorrow afternoon. We made sure that she knew where she was going and what she was wearing. 

With everything figured out for the next day we both stood up to make our way to bed. I wanted to give Casey a quick hug for the wonderful dinner and to wish her luck tomorrow, but as I went to release her, she kept her arms around me and turned her head so that her lips were almost brushing against my neck. I felt her breath wash down onto my collar bone and a shiver shoot down my spine. 

"Thanks for everything" she whispered as she lowered her head to rest on my shoulder. Besides my arms slightly squeezing her to me, I was frozen. I knew if I moved my head slightly towards her, her lips would be within kissing distance and I knew if I turned my head I wouldn't be able to resist. She smelled so good that all of my senses were overwhelmed except for taste which I greatly wanted to change. I was in heaven with her body pressed against me. That was the moment that I decided to write the letter to Casey before I fell asleep that night. I didn't care how long I had to stay up I couldn't take the sweet torture any longer.

Our hug ended regretfully and I made my way to my room and Casey to hers. I took a hot shower and then made myself comfortable in my bed with my laptop. I spent close to four hours writing, erasing, rewriting, and finally just giving up on the whole polished letter thing and wrote down what came out.

--

The next morning I woke up slightly earlier than normal so I could make Casey breakfast before she had to leave for her interview. I made her favorite type of omelet, straightened out her clothes, and sent her on her way so that she would leave before me. I left the letter on the kitchen table knowing that she would be back and find it long before I would get home that night. 
