 ******

Author's note: This is my first erotic story, and I would appreciate any feedback. I hope you enjoy it as much as I enjoyed writing it!

Love, Scarlett Dahlia xxx

******

Apprehension and excitement coursed through Jayne's body, as she was about to meet her new housemates for the first time. Hailing from a sleepy, British seaside town, she had never been away from home for more than a few days, and was now moving into a house in a busy metropolitan city with random strangers. Coming to university had always been her goal in life, but she was nervous about meeting her new friends whom she would be sharing her life with for the next year or so. Jayne took a deep breath and gently pushed open the door leading to her new life. She was greeted in the communal living area by a tall, blonde-haired girl.

"Hi there, I'm Danielle," she said as she extended a well-manicured hand, "I take it you're my new housemate?"

Jayne smiled openly and held out her hand in return, "Hey I'm Jayne. Do you need a hand with those?" pointing to the boxes stacked up next to the sofa.

"It's ok, I've managed to rope the boys into giving me a helping hand," she said with a flirtatious wink.

On cue, three young men entered the room, sweaty and dishevelled from unpacking boxes.

"This is Matt, Greg and Liam," gestured Danielle, "They already moved in their stuff yesterday so they can help us unpack!"

Jayne looked at Danielle with slight envy, her long blonde hair and slim figure obviously hadn't gone unnoticed by the three men. Even with her hair scraped back, and wearing just jeans and a t-shirt, Danielle was effortlessly beautiful. Although Jayne was considered to be fairly pretty, she was rather curvy and was shy about her body, unlike the tall girl who oozed confidence.

"Guys this is Jayne, her bedroom is the one next to mine so could one of you please help her upstairs with her suitcase?"

After unpacking, the five new housemates settled down to introductory small talk. Matt and Greg were brothers from Manchester who had come to university to study sports science and biology respectively, and Liam was a quiet boy from Birmingham who was studying politics. Jayne herself was studying psychology and Danielle was doing a degree in theatre studies.

"How about we all go out and get to know each other over a few drinks?" suggested Danielle, "We've got our student loans burning a hole in our pockets after all!"

"Sounds like a plan, we're going to the local pub to watch the football match," said Greg, "You girls can come with us?"

Danielle wrinkled her nose, "Me and Jayne will meet you afterwards, we'll get ready here first."

"Ok, see you later then."

******

Jayne surveyed herself in the mirror. She felt frumpy in her usual attire of a casual t-shirt and trousers. "Plain Jayne indeed," she sighed. As she stripped down to her underwear to change outfits, there was a knock at the door and Danielle swiftly entered.

"Do you have a hair dryer I can borrow, I left mine at home?" she said, pausing as Jayne clamoured to cover up her exposed body, "Don't worry hun, we're both girls, it's nothing I haven't seen before!" she added with a friendly smile.

Jayne blushed, the only person who had seen her in her underwear before was her ex-boyfriend.

"The hair dryer's on top of the dressing table," stammered Jayne as she pulled a t-shirt over her head to cover herself up.

She turned round to face Danielle, who had obviously just got out of the shower. Her dressing gown was tied loosely around her, almost exposing her small breasts. Jayne immediately felt slightly self-conscious as she looked at the other girl's toned and sunkissed flesh.

"Thanks, I'll bring it back later," said Danielle as she breezed back out of the door.

"I wish I had her confidence," thought Jayne as she gazed at her reflection. She took the t-shirt off and looked at her body critically. Her skin was pale and flawless against her dark hair; her short body was curvy, yet in proportion. Her most noticeable feature was her large, soft breasts, which she often kept covered up to avoid unwanted attention. "Fuck it," she thought as she pulled on a low cut top, which emphasized her ample 36E bust, "I'm in a new city, nobody knows me...I can be whoever I want to be."

Danielle returned shortly afterwards with the hair dryer, dressed in a short skirt and halter top.

"Wow Jayne, I like that top," she said, "You're boobs look great!"

Jayne felt herself blushing again at the blonde girl's comment, "Come on, let's go," she said.

******

The two girls met up with Liam and Greg at a booth in the corner of the pub, Matt was at the bar ordering drinks.

"I'll go and get us a bottle of wine," said Danielle, and she sauntered off to the bar to join Matt.

Jayne couldn't help but notice the two men looking admirably at Danielle's long legs as she strode through the busy pub, turning heads as she went.

Liam turned to face her, as if noticing her for the first time "You look really, erm...nice Jayne," he said, taking in the sight of her ample cleavage and blushing slightly.

"Thanks Liam", she smiled, inwardly pleased that her daring outfit had paid off.

Danielle and Matt returned to the booth with drinks, and the group chatted and laughed whilst downing copious amounts of alcohol. Jayne slowly felt her confidence growing, partly from Liam's admiring glances, but mainly from the wine -- she was on her second bottle by now and feeling slightly tipsy. She could see Danielle and Matt deep in conversation, his hand resting suggestively on her tanned thigh, whilst she was giggling flirtatiously.

A few hours, and several drinks later, the group staggered home merrily. Matt had his arm around Danielle's slim shoulders, and Liam was nervously shuffling alongside Jayne. Greg was on his mobile phone to his girlfriend back home, drunkenly declaring his love for her. When they got back to the house, they opened another bottle of wine and carried on drinking for a while.

"I'm tired," yawned Danielle whilst pointedly stretching her long limbs, "I'm going to bed."

She threw a suggestive glance at Matt as she got up to leave.

"Erm...so am I," he said, and he followed her upstairs.

The other three sat in the kitchen chatting for a while, until eventually Jayne excused herself to go to bed. It had been a tiring day, and she was drunk and needed sleep.

******

Upstairs Jayne undressed and climbed into her cool sheets. As she drifted off to sleep, she heard noises coming from next door which intrigued her.

"Mmmmmm, harder," came Danielle's muffled voice.

Jayne perked up, it was obvious her housemates were having sex, and she felt guiltily excited. She listened more attentively as the moans and groans increased. Her head was spinning slightly and she felt aroused from the alcohol. Her hand drifted down her stomach, and she gasped at the sensation. She had never really masturbated before, but she was feeling incredibly horny, and the muffled sounds of pleasure from next door were turning her on. She slowly eased her underwear down her legs, and then unhooked her bra. Jayne felt strangely liberated lying in her bed completely naked, and gave an involuntary shiver. She gently caressed her soft breasts, the nipples becoming hard to the touch. She wet her fingertip with her mouth and softly ran it over her hard nipples, biting her lip in pleasure.

As Danielle's moans became louder, Jayne's hand drifted down her body to her groin. She gasped as she parted her pussy lips and tentatively began to stroke her most private area. She was shocked to discover she was extremely wet, and her finger eased into her tight vagina with ease. She slowly pumped her finger in and out, then gently eased another finger inside her tight, moist hole. As she imagined Matt and Danielle's bodies writhing around in naked ecstasy, Jayne began to circle her clit with her already wet finger. She continued her self exploration until she could feel herself approaching the point of no return, and rubbed her engorged clit harder. She let out an involuntary moan as she came, her wet slit throbbing with pleasure. Next door, Danielle let out a loud moan as she too came, and Jayne drifted into a blissful, satisfied sleep.

******

The next morning, Jayne awoke late, and guiltily thought about what she had heard last night. Although she had been so aroused, she was slightly disturbed to have heard the most intimate acts of her housemates. She got dressed and went downstairs to find Danielle in the kitchen, looking happy and refreshed.

"I've made some food if you want some?" she said, "I'm so hungover from last night!"

Jayne looked at her admiringly. She was sat in a skimpy nightdress revealing her slim figure, and if Danielle was feeling any ill-effects from last night it certainly didn't show. Jayne found herself gazing at the other girl's small breasts, her hard nipples showing ever so slightly through the thin material.

"I think I'll just make some toast, I'm feeling pretty rough too," said Jayne.

"I hope I didn't keep you awake last night," Danielle said, with an almost imperceptible grin on her face.

"Erm, no, of course not!" she stammered, a little too loudly.

"The boys are out today playing football," Danielle changed the subject, "How about a girly afternoon? A DVD and a bottle of wine maybe?"

"Sounds good," said Jayne, genuinely pleased. Although she never really drank during the day, it would be nice to spend time with her new found friend.

******

Later that afternoon, the girls settled down to watch a couple of films in Danielle's bedroom. Two bottles of wine later they were sharing stories and giggling together like old friends.

"So what happened with you and Matt last night?" asked Jayne, emboldened by the alcohol.

Danielle giggled flirtatiously, "Oh you know, a little too much to drink...one thing leads to another! I thought you and Liam might have done a bit of the same..."

"Oh no," she blushed, "I'm not like that. To be honest...I've only ever slept with one person," she admitted.

"Girl or boy?" queried the other girl.

"A boy of course!" she said incredulously.

"Ok," shrugged Danielle with a smile.

"Why? Have you ever slept with a girl?" Jayne asked, trying to sound casual.

"Well, actually...yes," she admitted.

Jayne felt awkward all of a sudden. She certainly wasn't homophobic, but she had never met anyone who had experienced same-sex encounters before.

"Don't tell me you've never thought about it?" said Danielle suggestively.

Jayne thought for a moment. Although she had never openly fantasized about it, she did wonder what it was like to be with a girl, and she had got turned on thinking about Danielle naked last night.

"Not really," she admitted, gulping down her wine.

"You're very pretty you know," said Danielle.

Jayne blushed scarlet and quickly poured another glass of wine, "So are you," she stammered.

"You don't have to say that just because I did."

"I'm not, you really are beautiful," said Jayne seriously, "I was jealous of you when I first saw you yesterday."

Danielle put down her glass and gently pushed Jayne's dark hair away from her face, and looked earnestly at her. She had large brown eyes and a small, almost upturned nose above a full-lipped mouth. Although not classically beautiful, she was so pretty in an almost innocent way. Jayne felt uncomfortable and embarrassed by Danielle's open scrutiny, but couldn't bring herself to move away. Butterflies danced around in her stomach nervously as the blonde girl slowly leaned in towards her, and softly kissed her on the mouth.

Jayne pulled away, shocked. "I've never been kissed by a girl before," she stammered.

"Shhhh," soothed Danielle, "I won't do anything you don't want me to. If you ask me to stop I will."

She sat there silently, fighting an inner battle. Although it felt slightly dirty and wrong, she couldn't deny that she was flattered and a bit turned on. She gulped down the remainder of her wine.

"No, don't stop," she breathed.

Danielle kissed her again, this time with more urgency. She opened her soft lips, and gently eased her tongue into Jayne's mouth. They kissed passionately for a while, their tongues fighting a gentle dual. The kiss took Jayne's breath away. It was softer than any kiss she had shared with a boy, and she was surprised to find herself enjoying it. They eventually pulled apart and looked at each other almost sheepishly.

"You're a great kisser," sighed Jayne.

"That's not the only thing I'm good at," said the other girl with a wicked grin on her beautiful face.

Jayne could feel a moist sensation between her legs. Her body was aching for Danielle. A mixture of emotions ran through her veins, she felt shy, nervous and aroused at the same time.

"Have you ever seen another girl naked before?" asked Danielle.

Jayne shook her head, as the blonde girl slowly stood up in front of her and smiled affectionately. She lifted her thin nightdress above her head, revealing her tiny, pert breasts. Her small nipples were erect, and Jayne absently noticed that her whole torso was tanned...no tell-tale white bikini lines. She gulped nervously as Danielle bent down to remove her skimpy knickers, exposing her hairless mound. Jayne felt so embarrassed; she didn't know where to look.

"Are you going to undress as well now?" asked Danielle.

Jayne stared at the tall girl's lithe body, like a rabbit caught in the headlights. With her long golden hair framing her slim shoulders and almost covering one of her small exposed breasts, she looked breath-taking. Jayne couldn't bring herself to move or speak.

"Just tell me if you want me to stop," whispered Danielle as she moved closer and began to undress the other girl. She gently removed her clothes, punctuating the removal of each item with a soft kiss, until Jayne was sat on her bed completely naked.

"Lie down," purred Danielle, and she obeyed. The alcohol had lowered her inhibitions and had removed any sense of self-consciousness. Danielle gazed longingly at Jayne's body. Her skin was milky white, her body curvy and soft to the touch. She had full, natural breasts which Danielle stroked gently, causing her to let out an almost imperceptible moan.

"Is this ok?" she asked.

"Yes," sighed Jayne breathlessly, "Please don't stop."

Slowly Danielle bent down until her face was inches away from the other girl's heaving breasts, then, ever so slowly, she extended her tongue to lick one of her hard nipples. Jayne gasped as Danielle's mouth engulfed her nipple, and she began sucking it and nibbling gently with her teeth.

"Mmmmmm," moaned Jayne.

Danielle's mouth moved onto her other breast whilst she slowly moved her hand down Jayne's body towards the soft, downy hair covering her already wet pussy. Then, slowly, she parted her lips and eased her finger inside her tight hole.

"Well, you must be enjoying this judging by how wet you are!" said Danielle with a seductive grin.

In reply Jane pushed herself down harder onto her finger, and started to writhe about on the bed. Danielle removed her finger and sucked the other girl's juices off it, then moved down until Jayne could feel her soft breath on her exposed vagina. She shivered in anticipation as Danielle slowly kissed her where she had never been kissed before.

"Oh god, that feels so good," moaned Jayne as she licked her from her clit, all the way down towards her anus, and back up again. Her tongue felt soft and almost cool against her hot pussy.

"You taste good," Danielle said as she pushed her tongue inside her tight hole.

Jayne moaned in ecstasy and pushed herself down onto the blonde girl's face, grinding against her. She almost let out a scream as she circled her sensitive clit with her tongue, and began to suck on it, gently at first, then with more urgency. Jayne noticed that whilst Danielle was eating her pussy, she had begun to stroke herself, and her moans of pleasure sent vibrations through her clit.

"I'm going to come," panted Jayne, "Please don't stop!"

Danielle eased two fingers into her tight hole, then three, and began to fuck her furiously whilst still sucking her clit. Jayne's body arched on the bed, and she let out a loud moan as she came on the other girl's face, her pussy gripping Danielle's fingers as it throbbed.

When Jayne's climax had died down, Danielle moved to lie next to her on the bed, her face glistening with juices. They began to kiss passionately again, and Jayne could taste herself on her lips; and they eventually dozed off in each other's arms.

******

When Jayne awoke, and looked at Danielle lying next to her, she felt elated. She thought the experience would have left her feeling ashamed, but instead she felt empowered -- as if Danielle had opened her eyes sexually. She gazed at her beautiful face as she slept, and then her eyes began to travel down her body. Her breasts were so small and pert, Jayne reached out to cup them in her hands; the nipples stiffening involuntarily. She delicately brushed her fingertips down her body, towards her hairless opening. She was still wet, and her pussy lips felt so smooth. Danielle stirred in her sleep as Jayne moved down and eased her long legs apart. She had never seen a vagina up close before, and was amazed at how the sight of those glistening lips turned her on. She moved her face closer to breathe in her musky scent, and slowly pushed her tongue out to lick the juices. She was gently licking her wet slit, savouring the taste, when Danielle stirred and finally awoke.

"Mmmmm," she moaned, "I take it you're hungry for more Jayne?!"

"Well, it's only fair to return the favour," she grinned, "I want to try and make you come."

Jayne slid her tongue over Danielle's wet pussy, and eased it into her hole. What the dark haired girl lacked in technique, she certainly made up for with enthusiasm. She then eased her fingers into her warm wetness, and watched in awe as they slid in and out; glistening with juices.

"Suck my clit," panted Danielle, as she gripped Jayne's dark hair and pushed her face into her pussy, "I want to come on your face."

Jayne eagerly obliged, whilst still finger-fucking her tight hole.

******

Unbeknownst to the girls, Liam had returned home early, and as he went upstairs for a shower he heard moans coming from Danielle's room. He listened silently for a few minutes, and his cock stiffened when he realised what was going on. Her bedroom door was slightly ajar, and he quietly eased it open so that he could peer inside. What he saw took his breath away. Danielle's slim body was stretched out on her bed, writhing in ecstasy, whilst Jayne's head was buried between her legs.

"Fuck," he gasped, and moved so that he could continue watching the girls without them spotting him. His cock was rock hard now at the sight of Jayne eating Danielle's pussy with abandon.

"Mmmm, don't stop, I'm so close!" Danielle almost screamed, whilst fondling her own breasts.

As Liam was stood behind Jayne, he had a prime view of her curvy behind, and looked at it lustfully. He watched her ease her fingers into her own glistening slit as she buried her face even deeper in Danielle's pussy. He reached down and stroked the throbbing head of his cock.

Suddenly Danielle's body was bucking on the bed, and she was panting loudly, grinding her pussy hard onto Jayne's face. Liam watched in awe as she came, biting her lip in ecstasy.

Finally Jayne lifted up her head, "Was that ok?" she asked.

He quickly moved away from the bedroom door -- as much as he wanted to continue watching them, he couldn't risk being caught. As he padded silently back downstairs, he sighed "I'm going to enjoy living here," he thought...