 Ok, I know it's been awhile, sorry for that! I am a student and had lots of work to do these past months. I also realized that there hasn't been any sex in the past few chapters so although this one is on the short side, I can guarantee it is worth the read. As usual, this is all from my imagination and/or fantasies so no characters or events are based on real things blah blah blah.

Again, sorry for the long wait!

-Slickey

--

I awoke the next morning in the exact same position I fell asleep in. My arm was still draped over Casey's middle. While it may not have been the most comfortable with the broken ribs, I was willing to sacrifice a little to be close to Casey. I didn't want to wake her, but I had to move and stretch my muscles after spending so much time lying down in the hospital.

I tried to get up to use the restroom and inevitably woke Casey up. She rolled over and her deep blue eyes met mine.

"Morning beautiful" I smiled down at her.

She lifted her head and gently brushed her lips against mine. It was like all of my senses were on overload and my brain couldn't connect with my body. I was still in the same position with my eyes closed and my lips pursed as Casey started to giggle at me. It took me awhile to come back t to reality but what I'm sure was a big goofy grin was plastered to my face. She reached up and brushed a piece of hair behind my ear.

"How could I have been so oblivious to you for all those years?" She asked rhetorically while stroking the side of my face. "I wish I could take all of those years back. You know, you would have had a fighting chance if I hadn't met Collin" she said.

My eyebrows furrowed in confusion. I thought I knew everything about Casey. I guess we never really talked about her relationships before Collin.

"Wha...what do you mean?" I asked confused.

Casey had a shit eating grin on her face. I couldn't help but giggle and smile back.

"Wait, are you saying..." I let the sentence hang to see what Casey's response would be.

"Well, truth be told I've considered myself bisexual since I realized that I found the average girl more attractive that a straight girl should. So I identified as bi from the time I was a junior in high school on. Now I never lied or anything, I never dated a girl but that's the reason I was so comfortable with us getting a little physical when were in college when we would go out dancing or whatever. And then I was with Collin."

"So are you saying that if you had met me earlier that we would have had a chance seven years ago?" 

"Yeah, but by the time I got to know you well enough, Collin and I were already an item." Casey replied.

Through this whole conversation, Casey seemed saddened by the fact that she had been with Collin while I was pining after her for all of those years having to hide how I really felt.

"I wouldn't trade what happened for anything" I stated.

"Really? You wouldn't want those years back?" Casey asked.

"Nope, because you are here now and that's all that matters to me. I love you Casey, I always have and I always will. Time won't change that."

She looked like she was going to cry and softly whispered, "I love you too Charlie"

Now I was the one tearing up. I thought about turning so that Casey couldn't see how she affected me, but for the first time in my life I felt comfortable and at peace sharing all of my feelings and opening up with Casey. I was never one to wear my heart on my sleeve, I was too afraid that people would see me as weak. But in that moment I wanted nothing more than to open up my soul and share it with Casey. So that's exactly what I did. 

In the years that I had known Casey I had only cried in front of her a handful of times. When our watery eyes met, I could tell that she knew I was opening up to her, inviting her to share my soul and I hers. She leaned into me, quickly pressed our lips together and then snuggled against me.

--

We got into a daily routine quickly and the time seemed to be flying by. I was healing nicely and stopped the pain meds a few days after I left the hospital because I didn't like the way they made me so drowsy. I was still on crutches and slow to get around but I managed a basically normal life.

Casey returned to work and after just a few short days of not being able bodied and not having much to do but cook dinner, I was going stir crazy. I am not normally a neat freak, but I was used to being able to go out for a run or walk to the local coffee shop and while I was recovering nicely, I still wasn't up for anything too strenuous. The house was the cleanest it had ever been. I would clean for a bit and then take a break when I got tired and then I couldn't think of anything else to do so I would go back to cleaning. The entire house was probably cleaned four times over before I gave in and called work.

They wanted me to take another week out of the office, but my boss agreed to let me work from home and said he would send Casey home with the necessary papers. Most of my work was done through the computer so it was mostly just instructions on how to connect my computer into the hospitals network.

I was so excited that I was actually going to have something to do the next day that I accidently almost tackled Casey when she walked in the door. I didn't like using the crutches in the house so I usually just hobbled from room to room. I heard Casey's car pull up in the driveway and before I could open the front door to greet her, I went off balance and fell right into Casey when she walked in the door. We both fell to the floor in a tangle of limbs.

"Oh my gosh! Are you okay?" Casey asked frantically

I burst into a fit of giggles. I was laughing so hard that I was trying to tell Casey what happened but could only get two and three word phrases out before the giggles would start again. Eventually I gave up trying to explain as Casey joined in my laughter.

We were both lying in the entree way floor catching our breath when I rolled over so I was half on top of Casey. My face was directly over hers and I swear I could see hers eyes darken a few shade of blue. I was just staring into her eyes, letting the moment build as I stroked her hair back out of her eyes and tucked it behind her ear. I continued lightly tracing my finger down the side of her neck, slowly across her collar bone and then added a little more pressure as I scraped my nails down her arm. I could see the goose bumps rise on her skin as she bit her lower lip and stared right back into my eyes.

I dropped my head down so that our lips were so close I could feel her shallow breaths on my face. When she tried to lift her head so that our lips would meet, I pulled just out of her reach so that our lips barely brushed. 

"Be patient" I whispered. "It is soooo much better when you deprive yourself in the beginning. It builds"

I lowered myself so that my lips could caress her neck, just under her jaw bone.

"And builds" I whispered as I continued to kiss and suck down her neck. By now my hand that had scraped down her arm moments ago had worked its way barely enough under her shirt to tease the sensitive spot on her hip. By now I knew I had Casey where I wanted her.

"And builds" I added one last time as I sucked her earlobe into my mouth and nibbled it a little.

I hear Casey make this noise that was so hot. She was trying to suppress a moan but part of it still escaped. I couldn't hold out much longer. I had been cooped up in the house and horny as hell since I had been home from the hospital and not been able to do much about it.

I positioned my face directly over Casey's one last time as she reached up with both hands one went and grabbed the hair at the nape of my neck so that I couldn't pull away again as the other one gently traced down my cheek bone. Casey half pulled me down, half raised her own head up as our lips finally met in an explosion of sensation. The combination of the being controlled by the hand behind my head, knowing I was trapped and in Casey's control, and the finger gently caressing down my face that physically showed how much Casey was in love with me too, made me completely give into the sensations that were washing over my entire body.

So many emotions passed in that one kiss that there are no words that would even come close to the feelings it expressed. We deepened out kiss as tongues and lips brushed past each other and occasionally added a nibble. 

Once Casey knew I wouldn't tease her anymore, she let her hands roam my body. Even though we hadn't been together for very long, Casey already knew most of my turn-ons from conversations that we had in the past. Evidently she had paid attention. There is nothing more that turns me on than when a girl traces random patterns on my back. She started over my shirt but evidently she thought the cloth was too much space in between our skin. 

I was still bracing most of my weight on one arm and the other was still kneading Casey's hip. Add in the fact that the cast on my left leg went most of the way up, and you could figure that I couldn't be very mobile. Casey took full advantage of this fact. I was most of the way on top of her as she worked both of her hands underneath the back of my shirt. 

She started gently. She would trace random patterns over my lower back (also a turn on for me) so that I could barely feel it and ever so slowly she would work her way up my back until she reached my shoulders. And then ever so slowly again she would work her way down my back until her fingertips would reach my pant line. 

Then she added the slightest amount of pressure and repeated the process. She did this three more times, each time working up and down my back, and each time adding a little more pressure. Once she got to the fifth round of torture, I didn't think I could be any more turned on...I was wrong.

On the fifth round up my back, she would start gently and then continuously add pressure until her fingernails were scraping my skin. Not enough to leave a mark, but enough that it made my skin tingle. 

We were laying like that, still in the entree way for a long time before our lips parted. We were both panting deeply. I could tell that Casey had enjoyed her teasing almost as much as I had. Her eyes were heavy with desire as she looked deep into mine.

"Take me to bed" Casey commanded. 

I was not one to argue. I leaned in and gave Casey one last passionate kiss before I tried to get up off the floor as gracefully as possible. Evidently Casey didn't think I was very graceful because as soon as I was able to stand up straight (with some help from a nearby table) she started giggling at me.

"Just wait until I'm all healed up and out of this stupid cast, then we will see who is the one laughing!" I joked. 

Casey was already on her feet and on her way to the bedroom. She started to shed her clothes as she walked away from me, adding a tad bit of extra sway to her hips as she teased me. I was in awe. How, after so many years of lust had I gotten so lucky? 

Casey made it to the bedroom door and was now clad in only her bra and panties (a matching sexy black lace number) when she turned and gave me a smoldering look.

"You better pick your jaw up off the floor and hurry in here" she said as she went into the room.

Obviously, I didn't need told twice. I was half hobbling to the room, half tearing my shirt off. When I got to the bedroom, Casey had already sat down on the edge of the bed she went to reach behind her to unhook her bra.

"Don't" I said, walking/ hobbling so that I was standing in between her legs. "That's my job."

Casey brought her arms around to her front so that she could place her hands on my hips.

"So get to work" she stated so plainly but it came off as so sensual that my good knee went weak.

My plan was to be a tease and build up to a crescendo that would be imbedded in Casey's memory forever. So that's exactly what I did.

She was still sitting on the edge of the bed and I was standing between her knees. I reached down with both of my hands and lifted her face so that we made eye contact.

"You are perfect" I whispered right before I leaned down to kiss her. I could feel her smile as I kissed her and in that moment I knew I could never be more in love with her.

I eventually released her lips and pushed her back onto the bed so that her feet were still planted on the floor. I gently lay down on top of her. I had only gotten my shirt off in the time it took to get me to the bedroom so I still had bra and pants on. Using the bed as leverage, I balanced so that I could still have use of one of my hands. 

I started deeply kissing Casey and slowly, ever so slowly worked my way down to her neck, nipping and sucking as I went. At the same time, my fingertips were just barely tracing the outline of Casey's bra. I could feel the goose bumps rise on her skin and heard her breath hitch in her throat. 

I pulled the cup of her bra down as my mouth continued its downward journey. I licked and nipped every square inch I could reach except her nipple as her fingers intertwined in my hair. I then gave her other breast the same treatment. By now, Casey was squirming beneath me, trying to grind her pussy against mine. I would let her get contact for a few seconds then lift my hips up so that the contact was broken. 

I could hear her sigh in frustration and pleasure at the same time. I finally gave in a little and sucked her nipple into my mouth and as her back arched off of the bed, I slid my hand underneath her and unhooked her bra. From there, my hand traveled down her back, traveled between her panties and skin and cupped her ass. 

My hand began kneading her flesh as she was writhing beneath me. I could smell her arousal; it was thick throughout the room. Even though I still had my pants on, I started grinding harder into Casey at the same time that my hand would pull her ass closer to me.

We stayed like this for awhile. I kept sucking Casey's neck and breasts while grinding our bodies together and kneading her ass. I was in heaven, I could have stayed like that all day and night and into the morning but Casey had other ideas.

The fingers that had been intertwined in my hair earlier were starting to push me downwards.

"Please!" Casey gasped "I need to cum!"

Not wanting to deny Casey what she wanted, but still wanting to prolong her pleasure, I ever so slowly kissed down her neck. My hand moved to the front of her panties and started to rub her. I kissed from her neck, slowly down her collar bone adding little love bites and soothing them with my tongue as often as I could. 

I started to shimmy down her body, kissing and nipping her breasts and along the edge of her rib cage as my mouth ended on her hip. There I knew was one of Casey's main sensitive spots. My hand was still massaging her through her panties as I sucked on her hip hard enough to leave a hickey. Her hips rose off of the bed and I thought she was going to cum right there so I slowed rubbing her pussy.

From her hip, I moved my mouth so that I was kissing the skin just above her panties. I stopped the rubbing of her pussy and hooked my fingers in her panties and slowly peeled them away from her pussy and down her legs.

As I worked my way back up her legs, I would lick and suck on a spot of skin and then I would blow cool air on it. I did this, slowly working my way up her legs that were still over the edge of the bed. I made sure to pay special attention to the very inside part of her knee and from there the rest of the way up the inside of her thigh. 

By the time I reached the apex of her sex, Casey was practically already on the edge. Those few moments right before you cum when your limbs go numb and your vision becomes unfocused and that's where I kept her as long as I could. Casey was practically coming apart at the seams. 

As my mouth descended over her pussy, my hand snaked up her body to tease her nipples. By now, her breathing was ragged, her hands were clawing at the bedspread, her toes were curling into the plush carpet, and her hips were aching for the contact that she knew would come soon.

I slowly blew air over her outer lips as I saw her essence shining on her pussy. She moaned, and I don't mean the cute little moan where you can tell she is trying to suppress it. This was the kind of moan that the neighbors would hear and know exactly what was happening. 

I wanted to tease her longer but I knew if I waited too much longer that I myself would end up cumming. I reached the hand that wasn't busy with Casey's tits down my own pants because I was also close climaxing and began to rub my clit.

I sucked Casey's outer lips into my mouth and ran my tongue over them as Casey ground herself against my face. The hand that had been preoccupied with her nipples secured itself to her hip so I wouldn't be bucked off. 

I was seconds away from cumming as I sucked her clit into my mouth and ran the tip of my tongue over it as fast as I could. Casey's legs clamped around my head so hard that I could barely hear her scream out her climax. When I did hear the scream, my impending climax burst from my center and spread throughout my entire body as I continued to lick Casey so that she would be brought down nice and gently. I could see the finals waves of her climax as her legs finally released their grip and her body would twitch slightly at the pleasure overload.

She was still panting heavily and her eyes were closed as I somehow managed to get her into bed and under the covers. I took my remaining clothes off and crawled in the bed behind Casey so that my front was pressed to her back. I draped my arm so that it lay just underneath hers and hugged her abdomen. 

I pressed my lips to the back of her neck as I said, "I love you Casey and I always will."

She then did the cute little thing that girls do when you spoon them where they wiggle their butt into your crotch to get as close to you as possible and halfway between sleep and awake mumbled back, "I love you too, and I'm glad it's forever."