 A Mistress and Charlotte Playdate

*

Other Mistress and Charlotte stories for your enjoyment

Girl FridayKitten With BenefitsMaid's Day OffA Beautiful NightCharlotte's Opening DayBest Laid PlansCharlotte's Secret Recipe

*

Author's Note

This is another playdate featuring Charlotte at school. I've got to get them in while I can, she's almost ready to graduate! Before reading this, you may want to look up the lyrics to the 1942 jazz standard, That Old Black Magic. Some of the references in the story will make more sense if you do.

*

The events and characters in this story are fictitious. Any resemblance to actual events or persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.

The two main characters in this story are a couple in a dominant-submissive relationship. It is safe, sane, and consensual as well as kind and loving. But if this type of relationship is not your thing, you may want to skip this story and find something else to read.

*

Prologue

Dear Friends,

I'm hoping you have all had a chance to read the story of how Charlotte and I first met. It's on this site under the title of 'Girl Friday' in case you haven't. It's a sweet little love story and it explains a lot about how our relationship started. I've been told it's rather steamy too. I blame Charlotte for that, for she truly is a little vixen.

But not only is my baby the sexiest little thing this side of the Mississippi, she is also an amazingly gifted musician. And tonight I was going to have the pleasure of seeing her show off her talents at the music department's annual Halloween party.

Love and Hugs,Mistress Natasha

*

Introduction

"Mistress, somebody's going to see us!" I was complaining. She had me pressed up against the instrument lockers in the hallway, and was shamelessly exploring the length of my neck with her tongue. "Ohh," I was moaning, as she paused to swirl around on that special spot just behind and below my ear -- the one that made me tingle all the way down to my toes.

"I don't care if we do get caught, Charlotte," Mistress replied. "Something about your body in tight, black leather just makes me want to eat you up, and I don't think I can wait until we get home."

"Well, you're going to have to try, Mistress!" I pleaded, "I've got to be on stage in a few minutes."

"Hey you two!" I heard and whipped my head around to find the source of the admonishment. "I got a call about a domestic disturbance in the music department. You're going to have to come with me."

"Jo!" I exclaimed as I felt Mistress relaxing her lecherous embrace, "I'm so glad you could make it!"

"Wouldn't miss it, Charlotte," she said and smiled. "Natasha, how are you? Hey, you guys remember my girlfriend Tina, right? Tina this is Natasha and Charlotte. Remember from the recital?"

"Oh, yes. Nice to see you both again," Tina said, extending her hand. "You're the one Jo has coffee with, right?" she added looking at me.

"Yep, though we've been slacking on that lately. Life is so busy!" I said. It's true. Detective Diamond and I tried to meet for coffee at least once a week ever since my stalker scare last spring, but things were getting so hectic that we've had to reschedule twice now. "Listen guys, I hate to run off, but I have to be on stage in like -- well, now!"

"Good luck, baby. You'll be great!" Mistress said as she sent me off with a kiss and a playful slap on the butt.

"Natasha, I should book you for assault," I heard Jo teasing as I ran off.

Part I

"Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the music department's annual Halloween Jazz Festival. My name is Peter Wright and I have the distinct pleasure of working with all of these amazing students day in and day out. Tonight we're here to give you folks a little taste of what they can do. We've got a wonderful selection of music lined up for you, as well as some extremely talented musicians. And, in keeping with tradition, it's a costume party as you have may have already guessed."

The audience chuckled as he continued. "Besides the costumes, there's also another tradition we have here at the Halloween Jazz Festival. At the end of our student performances we'll be inviting members of the audience on stage for live-band karaoke. It's just twenty dollars per song and all of the proceeds go directly into our scholarship fund. So open up your wallets and get ready to sing for a great cause!

"OK, it looks like we're ready to go. I'd like to first introduce our rhythm section before bringing out tonight's soloists. A talented jazz trio featuring Miss Charlotte Leung on piano, Mister Jon Darryles on bass and Miss Kim Omarah on drums. Ladies and gentlemen, please give these wonderful students a warm welcome as they kick off this year's Halloween Jazz Festival!"

I swelled with pride as I heard everyone applauding. That was my baby up there! I just loved watching Charlotte perform. She's such an amazing musician and she always looked like she was having the time of her life whenever she sat down at the piano. I really hoped that she would be able to continue performing after graduation. I know there was a bit of a bleak outlook when it came to the job market for music majors, but I wanted her to be happy. If music was her dream, then I would do anything in my power to make sure that dream came true.

I settled in and found myself tapping my toe to a Dave Brubeck tune as I sipped at my wine. They had the place set up like a regular jazz club, with small intimate tables, subdued lighting, and a cash bar. There was even a little Halloween cauldron of punch that was bubbling with dry ice. This was a very well orchestrated event. I suppose it had to be, since this was their big scholarship fundraising push for the year.

I looked toward the stage. There was a sax player heading up there now, getting ready to go on as the featured student. Charlotte was in the middle of a solo, and was really going to town, when Jo leaned in and whispered to me. "Wow, I had forgotten how remarkably talented she is. She's really in her element up there. Still can't figure out her costume though."

I grinned. Charlotte had wagered that nobody would understand our costumes this evening. So far she was winning.

Charlotte had wanted me to go as Wonder Woman with her dressed up as Cat Woman. While it would have made a fine choice -- Charlotte was absolutely stunning as a feline -- I didn't think Wonder Woman and Cat Woman necessarily hung out together. I also figured her suggestion was really just a ploy to have me tie her up with my magic lasso and make her tell the truth. As enticing as that sounded, I wanted tonight's costumes to be something that we could pull off together, as a couple. Plus, there was the fact that I think we both looked pretty fabulous dressed in tight, black leather.

After a few more numbers, I was starting to get nervous. You see, the way I got Charlotte to consent to my costume preference this evening, was by me agreeing to go up on stage for the live-band karaoke portion of the show. So while I was currently enjoying the sight of my baby's gorgeous body encased in her skintight leather costume, the thought of me holding up my end of the bargain was really starting to weigh on my mind.

"Ladies and gentlemen, our first karaoke performer of the evening, singing That Old Black Magic, let's hear it for Natasha!"

Oh god, this was it. I was sweating bullets as I made my way up to the stage. Charlotte gave me a big smile and I felt a little better. I took a deep, cleansing breath and nodded. The drummer started the count by clicking her sticks together.

"Ready? One, two -- a one, two, three, four."

The band joined in for the intro. I was next. Oh, god! I decided I should sing directly to Charlotte. I seemed to remember seeing that in old black and white movies, the diva draped over a grand piano as she sang sultry melodies in some smoky nightclub. I was no diva, and I was certainly not planning to scale to the top of the baby grand. I was mostly locked onto Charlotte eyes to help calm my nerves, and because I thought the words of the song were very appropriate for us. As she smiled back at me, I began to feel like I could actually do this.

Charlotte had me in her spell. The one that she weaves so well.

After the first couple of bars, the worst of my jitters had subsided and I was really starting to belt it out. I was still nervous as hell, but every time I looked over at Charlotte, I knew that I was going to make it. It wasn't hard for me to stay on key with her accompaniment, and mid-way through the song I have to admit that I was actually having fun. I must have sounded pretty decent too, because I wrapped up the song to what sounded like genuine applause.

"Ladies and gentlemen, Natasha!" announced Peter, the department head. Another round of applause washed over me. As I stood there somewhat dazed by the reaction, Peter leaned in and whispered, "Wow! You have a wonderful contralto. I don't suppose I could convince you to enroll in the vocal music program here?"

"Thanks," I said, "but I only sing in the car -- preferably with the windows rolled up."

"Well, nice job!"

Charlotte gave me a big smile and a little wave as I made my way back to my seat.

"OK, next up we've got ..."

I didn't really pay attention after that. I was just happy to be off the stage and safely back in my seat.

"You were really good!" Jo said and patted me on on the arm as I sat down. I think I blushed. My nerves were still a little jangled and I really didn't need all this extra attention.

"Definitely!" Tina added, smiling. "You and Charlotte should take your act on the road."

"Sure," I chuckled, "I'll keep that in mind in case my day job doesn't work out. Oh wow, I think I need some more wine. Would you excuse me for a moment?"

Eventually there was a break, as another trio took over rhythm section duty. With her evening's obligations complete, Charlotte was able to join me at our table. I stood up and enveloped her in my arms as she came over. "You were amazing, baby," I said, handing her a glass of wine. "I always love watching you play."

"Thank you, honey," she replied.

"Oh, just go ahead and call her Mistress," Jo teased. "You're among friends here."

"Thank you, Mistress," she whispered and smiled. I leaned in and planted a passionate smooch on my baby's lips.

Part II

"So I still can't figure out your costume, though," Tina was saying as I sat down and leaned my head on Mistress's shoulder. "You look good in it, but I have no idea who you're supposed to be."

"Nyssa al Guhl and Black Canary!" I heard from over my shoulder. "It's crystal clear now that I know you two are together."

"Peter," Mistress said smiling, "you just made my night! Remind me to double my donation to your scholarship fund. Charlotte assured me that no one would understand my costume idea, but you figured it out! Seriously, you're my hero."

"It makes total sense after that kiss I just witnessed." Peter continued explaining for Jo and Tina who looked like they were still not quite up to speed. "Nyssa al Guhl and Black Canary are lovers. As well as being a couple of bad-asses with some serious ninja skills.

"Listen, I have to get back up there, but Charlotte, your friend here has an amazing voice. You should encourage her to sing more."

"She's my fiancee, Peter," I gently corrected.

"Then I expect you'll have her whipped into shape in time to sing at your wedding," he teased and excused himself. I gave Mistress a knowing look. Peter was obviously not aware of who did the whipping in this relationship.

"Come on Tina, let's go get a drink and give these two leather-clad love birds a little alone time," Jo suggested. And with that the two of them wandered off hand-in-hand to find the bar. I leaned my head on Mistress's shoulder again while she stroked my hair.

"I take back what I said about the costumes, Mistress. Somebody did figure it out."

"You know, what that means, Charlotte. I win our bet."

"Yes, Mistress. So, what are you planning to do with your prize?"

"Right here? In public? Hmm," she mused. "Maybe I'll send you off to the ladies room and have you bring your panties back to me in your mouth."

My eyes went wide. "Relax," she ressured, "I wouldn't do that to you in front of all your friends and classmates. I'm content to wait until we get home." I watched as a sly grin crossed her lips. I didn't know if she was being serious or not, nor did I think that my undies in my mouth sounded all that appetizing. But, if that's what got Mistress excited, I would probably do it for her. After all, she did plenty of things for me that got my libido revved up.

"Actually," she continued, "I was hoping for a private performance."

"Like at home, Mistress? I figured you might be ready to leave since you switched to drinking ice water."

"No, I'm not ready to go just yet. I like seeing you in your element. Are there any other pianos around here?"

"Sure, Mistress," I said taking her hand, "follow me."

I led Mistress back into the depths of the music department, back past the instrument lockers to the private studios. I punched my code into the keypad to open mine. Well, technically I shared it with someone, but he wasn't here right now, so tonight it was all mine.

"Thank you for inviting me into your world, Charlotte," Mistress said as she wrapped me in her arms.

"Well, it's not much, but it is my little home away from home," I said, and then giggled.

"What's so funny?"

"Our costumes, Mistress," I replied. "We squeak every time the the leather rubs together."

"I know an easy way to solve that, baby."

"Mistress!" I protested. "Not here."

"OK, fine," she resigned. "How about you play a song for me?"

"Sure, Mistress," I said and sat down at the bench. I started in on That Old Black Magic. I let out a contented little sigh as Mistress rested her hand on my shoulder. For a moment, I was transported back to that little piano shop in the city. I had only known Mistress for a short time then, but when she found out that I could play, she took me piano shopping. Well, I didn't know we were shopping at the time, the delivery came as a complete surprise. While I was playing in the store, she had rested her hand on my shoulder, exactly as she was doing now. I'll never forget that.

I smiled at the memory as my fingers began moving over the keys. I wondered briefly if Mistress was planning to sing along. Peter was right, she did have a nice voice. I was just finishing up the intro and wondering if she would join in when I nearly jumped out of my skin.

"Oh my god, that's cold, Mistress!"

"Icy, icy fingers, Charlotte," she teased. "Please continue."

So that's what Mistress was up to. She had her glass of ice water very close to the back of my neck, close enough that I could feel the cold air falling off of it. And air wasn't the only thing falling off of the glass. I just experienced a small drop of condensation that had rolled down and came crashing onto my skin. Mistress was right, it was appropriate for the lyrics, I just wish she would have warned me.

I collected my wits and started again from the top. This time when I felt the chill, I was ready for it. The water rolled down my neck and came to an abrupt halt at my jacket collar.

Shocking as it was, I found myself really enjoying the sensation and wishing I could feel it roll farther down. Apparently Mistress had similar thoughts, because the next thing I felt was her hand reaching around front to unzip me. I continued playing as she slid the zipper down enough to loosen the leather jacket. I soon felt the cool air falling from the outside of the glass and onto my neck again. I knew exactly what was coming next, and it took a great deal of concentration to continue playing while I waited for the inevitable.

"Ooh," I gasped as the bead of moisture finally landed. I squirmed as it raced down my neck unimpeded, only to begin slowing upon reaching the space between my shoulder blades. I shivered a bit when it finally came to rest, but I never missed a beat.

"Hmm, too far," I heard Mistress remark.

"Too far? What's too far?" I thought as I continued the song. I felt Mistress pull my hair to one side and lean into me. I welcomed the feeling of her warm breath caressing the back of my neck as she drew closer. It was very pleasant and I was instantly relaxed. That was a mistake. I was shocked back into reality by the feeling of another droplet landing just below the base of my skull.

"Hmph!" I complained. It was a short-lived objection, because the cold shock of the droplet was quickly followed by the warm feeling of Mistress's tongue as she chased the water into her mouth. "Mmm," was my only response now. I let out another little moan as Mistress repeated the maneuver for a second, and then a third time.

Soon the song was over and I turned myself to face Mistress. I raised my eyes to meet her gaze as she held the glass in her hand, smiling. "I wish I had thought to bring your blindfold," she whispered, "it would definitely make this more fun."

"How's this, Mistress?" I asked and closed my eyes.

"That'll do nicely, baby," she cooed and leaned in to reward me with a kiss.

I tipped my head back to expose my neck, waiting for the inevitable chill that I knew was coming. My body shuddered as the water hit just below my chin. I could feel the cold droplet making its way down over my collarbone to my chest. "Mmm," I moaned as I felt Mistress chase it down and catch it on the tip of her warm tongue.

After a few more repetitions, I felt Mistress's hand stroking my hair. "Charlotte," she was saying, "Charlotte." My eyes fluttered open as I exhaled a contented sigh. I gazed up at Mistress with a smile. "Charlotte, what do you say we hail a cab and head home. I'm in no shape to drive, but I'm afraid if we continue what we're doing, I might have to throw you down and take you right here."

"Mmm, sure, Mistress," I agreed.

Mistress pulled out her phone and her fingers flew over the screen. I assumed it was for the cab. I didn't really pay all that much attention, because I was in a bit of a state as she was simultaneously running her warm tongue up and down the side of my neck. "Come on," she whispered, "let's go say our goodbyes."

I let out a contented sigh as we left to find our way back to the party.

We said goodbye to Jo and Tina, and Peter, and all of my classmates, though I was in a bit of a daze the whole time. I kept thinking back to the water droplets in the practice room. I have to say that I was a little sad when I saw Mistress set her glass down on the table before we walked out the door.

"If it were a plastic cup, you know it would be coming with us," Mistress assured me. "Besides, we have water at home -- and ice."

*

By some small miracle we managed to survive the ride home with only minor groping, but as soon as the cab pulled away, it was a very different story. Mistress didn't even have the key in the lock before her hands were wandering all over my body. I didn't complain -- much. "Mmm," I moaned as I felt her warm tongue sliding up and over my neck. So nice.

I didn't actually begin to protest until she had the shoulders of my jacket pulled down around my waist and was busy working on my shirt. "Mistress! Somebody's going to see us."

"I don't care, Charlotte. Your body's been tempting me all night in this hot leather costume. Now I want what's underneath."

"It's a nice neighborhood, Mistress," I begged. "Think of the children!"

She snickered. Mistress knew as well as I did that there were no impressionable young minds to corrupt at this hour, but my ploy still worked. She stopped trying to undress me on the front porch and turned her attention to unlocking the door. "Charlotte, I need you now!" she whispered, as she scooped me up in her arms and crossed the threshold. Her lustful proclamation had me all quivery inside and I longed for her to take me. I rested my chin atop her shoulder and went to work pulling her earlobe into my mouth.
