 Charlotte's Opening Day

A Mistress and Charlotte Playdate.

*

Other Mistress and Charlotte stories

Girl FridayKitten With BenefitsMaid's Day OffA Beautiful Night

*

Author's Note

The two main characters in this story are a couple in a dominant-submissive relationship. It is safe, sane, and consensual as well as kind and loving. But if this type of relationship is not your thing, you may want to skip this story and find something else to read.

*

Prologue

Dear Friends,

Mistress usually does the prologue to our playdate stories, but today I'm doing it. Why? Because it's almost midnight on Saturday evening and Mistress is currently sacked out on the couch.

If you have read any of our other playdate stories, then you already know that Fridays and Saturdays during happy hour, I play piano in the lounge of our favorite little Italian restaurant. Normally, I'm done by seven and home by seven-thirty, but tonight I had gotten talked into playing in a dueling piano benefit for the children's hospital. The restaurant was hosting it, and it's for kids, so how could I say no?

While my time was spent for a great cause, and I had a lot of fun performing, it made me much later than usual getting home. To make matters worse, Mistress was not able to stay for the whole thing. She wrote a check for her donation, handed me the keys to her Prius, and then hurried off to catch the light rail, saying she needed to get home to 'do a few things.' She tried hinting that it might even be work related, but she's such a terrible fibber that I assumed it was actually preparation for our upcoming playdate. I didn't pry. Still, I missed her.

Love and hugs,Charlotte

*

Introduction

Mistress is so sweet, it looks like she was trying to wait up until I got home, but had fallen asleep while watching some bad eighties movie marathon. I picked up the remote and put the television out of its misery. Just as I was leaning over to kiss Mistress goodnight, my eye was drawn to a small, elegantly wrapped gift box. It was accompanied by a hand-written note with my name at the top.

"Come to my office at precisely eight tomorrow morning," the note said, "wear something sexy, and bring the package. Do not be tempted to open it before then or you'll spoil the surprise!"

I figured I was going to have a hard time sleeping tonight, because I'm pretty sure I knew what was inside the box. It was something I'd been hoping for since, well, like forever!

*

Part I -- Budding

"Charlotte, honey, right on time, and you brought the package. Good," I commented as my fiancee's gorgeous silhouette darkened my office door.

I loved that word, fiancee! My life has been absolutely amazing since Charlotte became a part of it and I'm so glad I finally had the good sense to ask for her hand in marriage. I hate to sound cliche, but Charlotte completes me, she really does. And while my life is currently lacking for nothing, I knew for certain that there was a small piece that was still missing from hers. It was something she had been hinting at for some time, and today it was my intention to offer it to her.

"You look very beautiful," I praised as she walked in.

"Thank you, Mistress. I know you like the little black dress," she answered.

"Oh yes, I certainly do!"

The silky black cocktail dress that she wore was tight enough and short enough that it left very little to the imagination. Add to that her hair pinned up with a few loose strands escaping -- one of my favorite styles! -- and Charlotte looked delicious. My eyes wandered all over her petite frame for a moment, imagining that hair all a mess and the little black dress puddled around her ankles.

"You look gorgeous, Mistress," Charlotte continued, snapping me out of my daydream. "Elegant and sexy all at the same time."

Bless her heart, she pretty well nailed the look I was going for. My attire for this morning consisted of a blood-red, full-length evening dress, featuring a plunging neckline and a slit high enough up the side that I had to choose my style of underwear very carefully.

Normally, we're neither one of us so formally attired on a Sunday morning, but I wanted this one to be memorable and special.

"Thank you, Charlotte," I said as I slid my chair back and patted my thigh. "Now please come over here, darling, there's something we need to discuss." Dutifully, Charlotte walked over to my side of the desk and settled her sweet little ass onto my lap while I pulled her in for a nice, long kiss.

"Charlotte, honey," I started, "I love you so much, and I'm absolutely delighted that you agreed to wear my ring, but I haven't forgotten that there's something else you've always wanted to wear as well." There was a twinkle in her eye and her lips were already beginning to form a smile, so I assumed she knew right where this was leading. I couldn't bear to draw it out any longer. "Go ahead, baby, open the package."

Charlotte made short work of the wrapping paper and removed the lid to reveal the collar I had chosen for her. I watched as her eyes went wide and her entire face lit up. "I hope you like it," I said, having little doubt that she would. I knew her taste, and as I said, she had been hinting for some time. We'd even looked together online the way that other couples browse for wedding rings.

"It's beautiful, Mistress!" she gushed. To her credit, Charlotte settled for admiring the collar while it remained in its display box and didn't try to take it out and put it on. The self-control she already possessed was going to make my job over the next several days very easy, and very enjoyable.

"Charlotte," I said as I took her hand and began the speech I had prepared in my mind, "I love you so much, and I really do want to make every single one of your dreams come true. I know you've always wanted a collar from me. Now, I've never collared anyone before, but my understanding is that there is often some training to complete before a girl receives it.

"I don't think I could bear to give you over to anyone else, so I guess that leaves me to do the training myself. Now, I may make some mistakes, but please know that I will always have your best interest at heart. I do intend to push you right up to the edge, but I want you to know that if it's ever too much, you can ask me to slow down or stop without fear of judgment or disappointment."

I was nervous, and when I'm nervous I start to ramble, so I quit talking, hugged my baby tightly and summed it up. "Charlotte, if it comes down to a choice between having your love or your submission, your love wins every time. So if you're at all nervous about this ..."

"Oh, Mistress!" she heaved, "I want to give you both!"

"I'd like that too. So you trust me to train you?"

"Mistress, I'd love for you to train me."

"And you promise to tell me if it ever gets too intense?"

"Yes, Mistress, I promise."

That's all I needed to hear and I covered her lips in kisses for several minutes. "Oh, Charlotte, you're amazing!" I said as we finally broke our embrace.

"Thank you, Mistress."

"We'll get the little details out of the way now so we can start this afternoon. Now I know it's spring break, baby, but I do have some homework for you."

That last statement earned me a little frown, but I ignored it and continued.

"I've taken a week of vacation so that we can do this twenty-four seven, but I realize that there will be some things in your schedule that you can't easily rearrange.

"That leads me to part one of your homework. I need you to fill out this calendar with any time away that you will need and what it's for. I've already entered time for piano practice and your weekend gigs, but I'll need you to fill in anything else."

"Yes, Mistress."

In actuality, I'd found someone willing to cover her weekend happy hours, but Charlotte didn't need to know that yet. I had quietly arranged it with the other half of the dueling pianos pair and had sworn him to secrecy. When I explained that I wanted to take Charlotte for a surprise weekend getaway, he was more than happy to oblige. I didn't feel the need to tell him it was a one-way ticket to kinksville. Some things are better left unspoken.

"Part two of your homework is to complete this list of things you want to explore and rate each one with how willing you are to try it. Be honest with your answers, I want this to be enjoyable for you. I need you to have your homework completed and ready by one o'clock this afternoon. That's when we'll start. Do you understand?"

"Yes, Mistress," she said trying her best to remain sedate, but I could tell she was having a hard time containing her nervous excitement. That made two of us!

"For the rest of the morning, you are Charlotte my future wife," I said, wrapping her in my arms again, "but starting this afternoon you will be Charlotte my future sex toy. So baby, what do you say we go get some brunch while you're still my fiancee?"

"That sounds wonderful, Mistress!" she replied, "all of it!"

Part II -- Blooming

The weather had warmed significantly since we first set out on our quest for scrambled eggs and waffles this morning, and we had the windows of Mistress's Prius down all the way home. It was a beautiful spring day, not too hot, not too cold and the sunshine felt great on my skin. As we pulled into the driveway, I noticed the flowers in our front garden, almost ready to bloom. Ah, spring! In another week or so, the garden would be full of vibrant color and glorious scents.

Mistress leaned in and kissed me deeply as we entered the house. "Come on, baby, let's get out of these clothes and take a bath," she giggled and slapped me on the butt. I didn't need any more invitation than that and eagerly followed Mistress up to our bathroom. As she led me up the stairs, I took the time to enjoy just how lean and muscular her legs looked in that evening gown. "And why not?" I thought, "I feel her eyes crawling over my behind at least twice a day."

I began thinking about that for a moment as I listened to the water gently cascading into the tub, how Mistress always lets me know how much she appreciates me. And she's not just focused on my physical attributes, but constantly tells me how proud she is of my talents and accomplishments as well.

That's what really attracted me to her when I was her personal assistant. OK, personal assistant with benefits I'll admit, but still, just an employee. Mistress could be strict and demanding, yes, but also exceedingly kind and loving, and very generous with the compliments when the situation called for it. I had never felt so highly regarded before and it hadn't taken me long to fall in love.

My mind snapped back to the present as I heard the faucet shut off. Mistress helped me slip out of my little black dress and into the warm water of the tub. Once we had settled in, she wrapped her arms around me and began whispering in my ear. "Charlotte, I want you to understand that I'm not training you because I am in any way disappointed in you as a lover. I just want to take you to the next level, to make you the very best you can be. And I plan to learn as much as I can about fulfilling your deviant desires in the process."

Oh, what a sweetheart! Here I was the one who wanted the collar -- I certainly knew it would entail some kind of training -- and now she was concerned that I might take it the wrong way, thinking that I was not good enough for her. Oh, I had definitely chosen my mistress well!

"I understand, Mistress," I said. "It's like the way I push myself to expand my musical abilities. If I remained content with where I am now, I'd never grow. So everyday I practice and get a little bit better, and when I study with a great teacher I improve by leaps and bounds."

"Charlotte, you clever girl!" she complemented, "I couldn't have said it any better." She planted a kiss on my lips before continuing in a rather serious tone, "Now, I want you to remember what we do here today, because this is how we will start each day of training. I only expect to give you instructions on this once, so please pay attention."

The way she said please really stuck out in my mind. It was less of a politeness and more of an admonition not to disappoint her by messing things up tomorrow when she wasn't giving me step-by-step direction. I did mention she could be strict. So I started making a mental list as we did things.

First bathe together, dry Mistress and then myself. Next was body oil. Today it was lavender scented. I wondered briefly if it would be the same tomorrow and then decided it didn't matter, because Mistress had handed me the bottle. I amended the list item to 'apply body oil of Mistress's choosing to Mistress and then let her massage it onto me.' If this was training, then I was really enjoying it so far!

Mistress slipped into a silky robe and tied it loosely about her waist while I remained naked and exposed. "I want you undressed at all times unless you have a reason to leave the house," Mistress commanded, "I need you easily accessible." I watched the smile spreading on her face as she traced the center of my folds with her fingertip. I shuddered. Wow, she had me wound up already!

Mistress took my hand. I continued adding to my mental list as she led me down the hall to her office and instructed me to kneel. Come to Mistress's office and kneel in front of her desk. OK, got it.

"Charlotte, please take that strip of cloth from the desk and use it to cover your eyes," she directed.

There was that word please again, a warning masquerading as a courtesy. Don't want to mess this up. I ran through a simplified version of my mental list. Bath, dry, oil, office, kneel, blindfold. Bath, dry, oil, office, kneel, blindfold. Bath, dry, oil, office, kneel, blindfold. OK, got it.

I'm glad I had a chance to commit that to memory when I did, because Mistress was making it very difficult to have any coherent thoughts right now. She had just helped me to stand, and was now -- what? -- not feeling me up exactly, but close, and without touching me. Mistress had started with her lips poised what felt like less than an inch away from my shoulder and was simply breathing, alternately sucking cool air off of my bare skin or exhaling warm air back onto it. She was moving all around my body and breathing with a regular rhythm. Depending on where her mouth was, it was either incredibly relaxing or highly erotic. Because I was blindfolded, I never knew where she was going to show up next.

In. Out.

Cool. Warm.

Inhale. Exhale.

I was beginning to lose myself solely in the sensation of her breath on me. "I could let her do this to me all day!" I thought. Lost in the moment, I nearly jumped out of my skin when I felt her fingernail graze my cheek. It was only a light touch, a tickle really, but I wasn't expecting it at all and it got my adrenaline pumping. After calming myself, I realized Mistress's lips had wandered over to my neck now, just below my ear. She whispered a couple more things for me to remember. I really hoped I could. I was in a bit of a state.

"You are to sleep in the guest room this week. You may not touch yourself. If you do I will bind your arms each night before sending you to bed." She roughly seized both my wrists and pinned them behind my back to illustrate. "So be a good girl, OK?" The mental list got two more important bullet points. Sleep alone. No masturbating. Damn.

"Yes, Mistress," I resigned.

In the beginning, the list had all sounded very palatable to me, but these last two were going to seriously cramp my style. I wouldn't be able to wake my fiancee in the middle of the night for a quickie and I wasn't going to be allowed to take care of any urges myself. "You can do it, Charlotte," I thought, trying to convince myself, "Mistress will take care of your needs. She always does."

As if to prove my point, Mistress commanded me to give her my tongue. "I know you can't see right now, Charlotte," she said while lightly stroking the back of my neck, "so just stick it out and let me take care of the rest." I did as I was told. Of course I did, why wouldn't I, Mistress commanded it and she had me so turned on right now that I was more than eager to please.

She began running her lips over my tongue. It was the strangest of sensations so far today, I was licking her lips, but I wasn't the one moving, she was. Mistress was using my tongue -- and it was making me hot! I did my best to calm my trembling, while Mistress moved around me, using my tongue to trace the outline of her lips. Just as I was wrapping my mind around the idea, and the sensation, she bit down.

"Oww," I thought, but kept it to myself. It wasn't a hard bite, but I got the feeling that it could easily become one if Mistress were so inclined. I stood stock still and offered no resistance. Her hands were no longer holding my wrists, but I made no attempt to bring them out from behind my back. I didn't want to. I was fully entranced by the sensations of the moment, the sharp pinch of her teeth, the stiffness of my nipples, the warmth of her breath -- and the moisture building between my thighs! Oh my! How did she get me so aroused this quickly?

As I was mulling that over, Mistress started slowly running her nails up and down my back. She was digging them in a little harder with each repetition as she continued to hold my tongue, trapped. Immediately my thoughts turned to sex.

I envisioned the two of us in bed, me sliding my fingers into Mistress's slippery entrance as she raked her nails over my tender flesh. In my vision, I was trying my best to make her explode with delight while her fingers continued digging in, harder and harder the closer she got to orgasm.

"Mmm."

Except it wasn't Mistress on the brink of coming right now, it was me. I couldn't believe how aroused she had me, and she hadn't even so much as looked at my pussy, let alone touched it. "I suppose a lot of it has to do with the anticipation," I was thinking clinically, "and the fact that ... Oh, my god!"

My thought was suddenly, viciously interrupted by Mistress pinching my nipples, and hard! As I began to cry out, she bit down harder on my tongue. That shut me up fast and now I was just whimpering and shuddering as she continued her relentless assault on my poor nipples. She was twisting and pulling with vigor and it was really intense.

"Let me know if it's too much," she whispered, releasing my tongue.

"Mmm, I'm OK, Mistress," I moaned. That was not a little white lie either. My nipples were throbbing like hell, but in my highly aroused state, it didn't really "hurt" so much as add to the overall rush of sensations that were assailing my body right now. My knees were beginning to buckle and I was afraid I might collapse when Mistress finally released me from the grip of her fingers.

I shivered.

"Charlotte, darling, you did amazingly well," she praised, "you kept your hands right where I put them, behind your back. Even though I gave you several reasons to want to move them, you didn't, and for that you will receive your first reward."

So that's what this was all about? I don't know why, but it had never occurred to me that I could have moved my hands. She had not tied them. So why didn't I use my hands to push Mistress away as she abused my tender flesh? I mean, yesterday in the kitchen she was tickling me while I was trying to make dinner, so I gave her a playful shove to keep her out of my way. Why hadn't I thought to do that today? She had told me this morning that I could ask her to stop anytime and she would. So why didn't I?
