 The story of how two became three.

*

Other Mistress and Charlotte stories for your enjoyment

Girl FridayKitten With BenefitsMaid's Day OffA Beautiful NightCharlotte's Opening DayBest Laid PlansCharlotte's Secret RecipeCharlotte's Jazzy HalloweenTina's Plea BargainThe Third Wheel

*

Author's Note

I've been feeling a surge of creativity lately with Natasha and Charlotte's adventures. I owe a lot of that to Juliet, a new character who made her appearance in The Third Wheel. She and Charlotte hit it off really well and have a number of common interests, including their love of music and the thrill they get from the games they like to play with Natasha.

And lucky Juliet, she gets to be an integral part of this story as well.

Enjoy,Wax Philosophic

*

The events and characters in this story are fictitious. Any resemblance to actual events or persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.

The main characters in this story are in a dominant-submissive relationship. It is safe, sane, and consensual as well as kind and loving. But if this type of relationship is not your thing, you may want to skip this story and find something else to read. I have plenty of nice romances that I have written as well. Check out my profile page for a list of what's what.

*

"If you love somebody, set them free." -- Sting

*

Prologue

Dear Friends,

I'm hoping you have all had a chance to read the story of how Charlotte and I first met. It's on this site under the title of Girl Friday (It's more than just a job) in case you haven't. It's a sweet little love story that explains a lot about how our relationship started.

A few years ago the two of us took a much needed vacation to sunny Mexico, where we met a lovely woman named Juliet. If you haven't met Juliet, you need to read The Third Wheel (Mistress and Charlotte Find a Friend) to get caught up.

After vacation, we had purposely avoided maintaining any sort of contact with Juliet, content to hold her in our happy memories. But as fate would have it, our paths have crossed again a few times. This is one of those times.

Love and hugs,Mistress Natasha

*

Introduction

Charlotte

"That ain't no necklace, lady," he said. "You can't fool me, I got the internet. That's a bondage collar."

I was actually kind of surprised that he figured it out, the little punk. It's very tasteful, not heavy black leather or anything like that -- though I do have one of those in the closet at home -- and most people just assume it's an artsy piece of jewelry. But not this little creep.

"No," I said flatly, "it isn't." But he just kept going, flapping his mouth, asking me who my master was, and what he liked to do with me when I was naughty. I crouched down to his level, looking first over one shoulder then the other, before speaking.

I put my hand aside my mouth and glanced sideways. "Listen kid," I whispered, "you're right. I owe a lot of money to some very scary people. This necklace, or collar as you call it, can only be removed by one person. Her name is Natasha, and she's an enforcer for the Russian mob."

He started looking a little pale.

I ran my fingers over the links of my collar. "Beneath this metal are tiny thermite charges. If I ever try to cut it off, or even if I'm late on a payment ..." I got real close and looked him right in the eye. "Ka-bloowey!" I shouted.

*

The Girl From Ipanema

Natasha

"You told him what?" I burst out laughing as Charlotte finished up her story.

"That you were an enforcer for the Russian mob, Mistress," she said. We were sitting in the lounge of our favorite Italian restaurant, catching up on the events of the day when she told me. Charlotte was perched at the piano bench, her usual spot for a Friday evening, looking very elegant in her little black dress and heels.

I had just joined her, seated on a bar stool nearby, enjoying a Chardonnay and the fact that Charlotte was not wearing any underwear to speak of. The light was dim enough in the bar that very few people besides myself were probably aware of the slight protrusion of her nipples beneath the thin fabric. I smiled at the thought of it. Such a sexy little thing.

"I think he might have peed his pants a little," she continued.

I leaned back, still chuckling, picturing my petite Charlotte scaring the daylights out of some nosy little piano student. "I wish I could have seen it."

"Probably best if you don't come around for a while, Mistress. He might have gotten the idea that you would murder his family and bury them in a shallow grave if he asked too many questions."

I smiled and shook my head.

Charlotte was playing Satin Doll -- one of my favorite jazz standards -- and kept right on playing throughout the entire retelling of her tale, never missing a note. I let my mind drift for a moment, and listened to the music. I gently reached out and touched a finger to her neck.

"Are you still glad we did it, baby?" I asked.

"The collar? Oh yes, Mistress. It means a lot to me." Charlotte had segued into a few bars of I Only Have Eyes For You, before coming around again to pick up her original melody. I think that was for my benefit.

"Me too," I said. "But -- well -- it just seems like something's been bothering you lately."

Charlotte smiled up at me and transitioned into I've Got You Under My Skin. How does she do that?

I snickered, then looked her in the eye. "I'm serious, baby. If you're not happy about something, I want you to tell me. Is it because I've been working so much lately?" We were in the middle of a big project at work that had been putting a lot of demands on my time for the past several weeks. And worse than that, it required me to travel for days at a time.

Charlotte kept on playing, but turned to face toward me. "No, not that. I mean, I do get lonely when you're away, but ... I don't know, Mistress. I guess I just feel a little unsettled -- I mean, don't get me wrong, I love what we have together -- I just thought there would be more to my life than piano lessons for spoiled little brats."

Charlotte's thoughts appeared to drift as her hands continued effortlessly massaging the keys. "Do you think I'm too young for a mid-life crisis, Mistress?"

I almost burst out laughing, until I realized she was being serious. Twenty-eight did seem a little young to me for a mid-life crisis. "I don't know, baby. I think I was forty when I had mine." I watched Charlotte's graceful fingers flying over the ivory as I thought back to that time in my life.

Back then, I had no stomach for commitment, and no patience for the dating scene. I tended toward the easy prey of hiring cute, young secretaries and trying to seduce them. And for the most part I was very successful in my efforts. It's amazing what a few elegant dinners and weekend getaways can do for a girl's openness, at least in the short term.

Though in the end, most of them wound up being just a distraction for me, an entertaining way to pass the time. After a while I would encourage them to move on as I continued looking for the perfect woman -- a woman who was secure in herself, but not afraid to let me take charge and take care of her. At forty, I had begun to think that such a woman didn't exist.

"What did you do about it, Mistress?" she asked.

"Well," I started. "I called up this agency I'd heard about. I had seen their ad in the newspaper, but I never had the guts to phone until a friend of mine let it slip that she had done it, and was very happy with the service she got. She said her personal assistant was, how shall I put it, very committed and very personal."

Charlotte grinned as her fingers continued moving over the keys. "And how did that work out for you, Mistress? When you finally called."

"I wasn't sure at first. This mousy little thing showed up on my doorstep and kept calling me ma'am. Kind of deflated my ego a bit to think I was old enough to be considered a ma'am. I was convinced they must have sent me a defective one and that I'd have to see about a replacement."

Charlotte stuck her tongue out at me, but smirked underneath it. "I was never mousy, Mistress."

"No. No, you weren't. You were beautiful, baby. Still are," I assured her. "Always will be."

Charlotte's tongue was back in her mouth and she was smiling again, and still tickling the ivories. "So, did your personal assistant help you solve your mid-life crisis, Mistress?"

"As a matter of fact, she did. She made me feel young again, and that's made all the difference."

"Sounds like quite a girl, Mistress."

I stood up and moved behind the piano bench where Charlotte was seated. I stooped forward and very gently wrapped my arms around her shoulders, being careful not to interfere with her playing, as I nuzzled her neck. She responded by laying her head back on my chest.

"She is, Charlotte," I whispered. "She is. And if there's ever anything I can do to repay her kindness, I will. Whatever it is. Without hesitation."

Charlotte raised her eyes to mine. I shivered a little. God, she's so sexy when she gives me those eyes -- they always make me melt. I leaned forward and kissed her lips. We didn't part for quite some time, but through it all, Charlotte never missed a note.

"Play a request for me?" I asked as I brushed my lips past the side of her neck, just above the collar.

"Of course, Mistress."

"The Girl From Ipanema, please."

Charlotte smiled and transitioned into my request. It was a nice, snappy rendition of the Stan Getz, João Gilberto classic. She didn't know it yet, but I just had an idea for her midlife crisis and if everything worked out, she was playing the theme song for our entire summer.

There was this girl we both knew, not from Ipanema, but from our vacation in Mexico. I could still picture her in my mind. Just like the girl from Ipanema, she is tall, tan, young, and oh so very lovely. Best of all she made my Charlotte incredibly happy.

I looked down at my baby and sang along under my breath as she continued coaxing the notes from the keys. I thought about that day when I came back to the room at the resort, only to find the two of them still in our bed, wrapped in each others arms and grinning like a couple of teenagers in love.

I decided I would email Juliet first thing in the morning and find out what she thought of my plan. Last I had heard, she might have some free time on her hands.

*

Thank you, goodnight!

Juliet

"I want to thank all of you for coming out to the House of Blues tonight. Yes you, San Diego." Our front-man was expertly working the audience, and a cheer went up from the sold-out crowd. I stomped my feet on the double bass drum pedals to add my own emphasis.

"We're so glad you could be here with us on the final stop of our West Coast Tour." He paused to let the surge of applause die down a bit. "You're the reason we've been getting up here night after night, all up and down the coast, for the past six months." Another crescendo of applause.

"We love you people, but we need to take some time off from touring to get back to the studio for a while. We're going to miss you guys. And thanks for being here to make our final show so special!" I felt a surge of energy run through me that was more satisfying than any chemical high, as the crowd cut loose again.

"For our last song of the evening we'll be featuring the vocals of our wonderful and talented drummer. Why don't you all give it up for Miss Juliet Vargas!"

I raised my hands over my head, twirled my sticks in the air, and pounded the double bass again as the spotlight opened up on me. The roar of the crowd surged. I did a hair flip, and they went nuts.

But as much as I love a good audience, my theatrics for the evening were mainly directed at two very specific individuals. I couldn't see them with the bright lights shining on me, but I knew they were somewhere in the first two rows with the VIP tickets I had left for them.

I leaned forward into the mic. "This song was written by some good friends of ours back in the LBC, and tonight it goes out to a couple of very good friends of mine who are out here in the audience. Natasha and Charlotte, this one's for you. She Has a Girlfriend Now.

"One. -- Two. -- A one, two, three, four." I slammed my sticks down on the skins and the horn section joined in for a minute, just before I started in with the duet between the lead singer and me. As I sang, I thought about Charlotte. I wondered if she had fainted yet.

When I worked out all the details with Natasha over email, we both agreed to keep this part of the show a secret from her. It was electrifying being up here on stage -- I truly loved performing -- but the idea of singing directly to those two made me shiver a little. I figured I'd be lucky if I wasn't the one fainting when the curtain closed tonight.

I continued pounding the drums with enthusiasm while I thought about my two favorite girlfriends. Were they my girlfriends? They were married now, but the way Natasha had pitched it to me, I had a feeling that there was room for a third. So yeah, I guess I had two girlfriends. Much better than I had been doing in the dating scene otherwise.

Every word of the song that I sang was true. I didn't like boys anymore. But finding the right girlfriend was proving to be difficult for me. The bar had just been set too high by Natasha and Charlotte for anyone else to ever stand a chance of measuring up.

The band was really jamming now. The lead singer kept working the crowd into a frenzy with his antics, and the horn section was on fire tonight. And I kept belting it out right up to the very end. "Thank you, San Diego. We are The Mighty Mighty Big Fish and we love you! Thank you, goodnight!

I did one final hair flip before I reached up and shoved my dreads out of my face. I had really worked up a sweat and my hair was sticking to me. A quick run through the shower was definitely in order.

*

I emerged from the dressing room feeling clean and refreshed, and still a little bit damp. I scanned the VIP area for familiar faces when I saw Natasha beaming, and Charlotte bouncing up and down, clapping. I walked into a very enthusiastic and satisfying group hug. "Oh, I've missed you guys. How long's it been?"

"About three months since the last show we were at," Natasha said. Charlotte didn't say anything, she was too busy planting kisses over every inch of my face.

"I missed you too, Charlotte." I ran my fingers over the elegant choker necklace that she was wearing. Could it be?

"Oh my god," she said, not paying any attention to my fingers. "You guys planned this whole thing with the song and you didn't tell me?"

"We thought it would be better as a surprise," Natasha said.

"Oooh, you are both so dead." Charlotte had balled her hands into fists and was busy dishing out equal punishment on both Natasha and me. She wasn't going full ninja warrior on us though, just playing. I wrapped her up in my arms and eventually she settled down to a simmer.

As I held the bouncing Charlotte to my chest, Natasha leaned in and laid a big open-mouth kiss on me -- complete with tongue. If we kept up this pace, it was going to be a very good night indeed.

"You guys want to go get a drink or something?" I asked. "I might get mobbed in the bar here, so if you want to go somewhere else ..."

"Here is fine," Natasha said. "We can share you with your adoring public for a while before we spirit you away and ravage your body." She ran her finger over my arm and stared, like she was sizing up a piece of meat, then winked and took my hand. I shuddered just a little before letting Charlotte take my other hand to lead me away.

The thing about being a minor celebrity was that every so often somebody wanted my autograph, and that night at the bar was no different than usual. And ever since we added She Has a Girlfriend Now to our set-list, I was getting more and more requests from the women in the audience.

I had signed photos, programs, sheet music, and more than a few body parts. I had signed my name on breasts, thighs, tummies, and even on one woman's bare ass, which she so graciously displayed by sliding her already low-rise jeans down until she was practically indecent.

I had also gotten my share of proposals and promises of a good time for the night, but I had never taken anyone up on their offer. I figured they just wanted to tell their friends they slept with somebody famous, no matter how minor a celebrity I might be.

I wasn't a prude or anything, I just didn't need the drama. I already had my two favorite groupies who would occasionally drop in for a show and a wild night -- and between times I had my memories and my own fingers -- I really didn't need any more than that. I finished signing a woman's arm and turned back to my mineral water and my two favorite fans.

"You've developed quite a following since the last time we saw you," Natasha said.

"Yes, My Queen." I watched as Charlotte smiled and Natasha raised an eyebrow. That was part of the deal Natasha and I had worked out over email. I told her if I were to consider spending the summer with them, it had to be like our time in Mexico. I had to be Natasha's submissive, and not Charlotte's girlfriend.

I'd certainly be happy as Charlotte's girlfriend, but I had no desire to put a strain on their marriage. I figured it'd be easier to set limits with Natasha in charge. Plus, I'd be lying if I said I didn't fantasize about her as Queen Cleopatra, with Charlotte and me as her devoted slave girls, almost every time I slid my fingers between my legs.

"Starting already, are we?" Natasha grinned. She had her hand on my thigh under the bar. I saw her nod at Charlotte and felt another hand on my opposite thigh. I exhaled and reached for my mineral water as I felt their hands working slowly up and down the legs of my jeans before coming to rest right on my crotch. Wow.

"Let's relax a while before you throw yourself at me. You may address me as Miss Natasha during this time."

"Yes, Miss Natasha." I shuddered as I said it. I don't think I was the only one who was excited either. Charlotte had a little twinkle in her eye too.

I nodded, swallowed hard, and reached for my mineral water again. My hand was shaking as I picked up the glass. Charlotte was rubbing her fingers over the crotch of my jeans, and I'm pretty sure Natasha's hand was on top of hers, encouraging her movements.

"Hey, can I get your autograph?" Some young guy appeared over my shoulder thrusting a paper and pen in my direction. "You guys were so hot tonight."

"Uh -- um, sure," I said. "Who should I make it out to?"

He told me, and Natasha and Charlotte showed me no mercy while I scrawled the message on the paper. If anything, they had increased their efforts. I was almost afraid of what my jeans would look like when I finally stood up.

"Hey, thanks," the guy said. "Is it true you're really breaking up?"

"What? No," I said. "We're just taking a year off to work on our own projects. I don't know who started this rumor about us breaking up. We're not, I promise. Just getting some individual creative differences out of our systems."

"Oh good." He seemed relieved as I passed the paper and pen back to him. "I sure hope you guys stick together. I hate it when a band breaks up because somebody gets a big head and wants to go solo. Never works out."

"Then I expect we'll see you again next time we're on tour."

"You bet." He smiled. "Thanks, Miss Vargas."

I smiled back. Miss Vargas indeed. These fans were getting younger all the time. Add that to my list of reasons not to fool around on tour. Well, except with the two beautiful women who were trying to get in my pants right here at the bar.
