 It was a little after 2 in the morning, on a sultry Louisiana night when the big black Kenworth pulled up in front of the tiny, hole in the wall truck stop. The truck idled with a soft rumble as the driver wearily opened the door and climbed out.  She was tired from the long miles and wanted nothing more than a hot shower and some coffee, maybe something to eat. It had been a bit since she had eaten. 

A bit on the tall side for a woman, she stood just over 5' 10'', but she was well muscled from lifting and loading her truck. She had worked long hours to be able to buy her own rig and become an independent driver. Now, she could enjoy the freedom that owning her own rig afforded her. She chose what loads to take, and where she went.  She ran a callused hand through her spiked hair and squinted through the bright lights at the tiny building. Man, how she hoped they had a shower that worked. 

She stepped into the dim interior of the building, and made her way to the counter. She sat on one of the counter stools, and eyed the waitress that looked like she had run a marathon recently.   She was a beauty; any fool could see that, even through the disheveled hair and worn expression. The flaming red hair that framed her face, and those blazing green eyes couldn't be ignored.

Donna, at once no longer as tired as she had been, stuck out a calloused hand and said, "Hi, pretty lady, my name is Donna. You got a working shower here? It's been a long stretch of road today, and I really need a shower, before I crash."

The waitress took the offered hand and blushed slightly at the comment. "We have showers out back, but they ain't the cleanest things you ever saw. If you like you can use the shower in my trailer. It's about a quarter mile up the road and a lot cleaner"

Amused by this invitation, Donna smiled and said "Do you invite every trucker to your house for a shower?"

The waitress said, "Just the really hot ones. My name is Gina by the way. Want some coffee?"

"Well, Gina, that sounds great. I want coffee and a late night special, and I'll be back in to claim them as soon as I get cleaned up a bit." With that, she walked back to her idling truck and climbed into the sleeper. She pulled out the bag of clothes and toiletries she kept packed for late night showers, and walked out in back of the truck stop to the shower house. 

The musty smell of long dampness prevailed as she stepped into the shower room, and you could see that the room had seen better days. There was mold in the corners, and the whole place needed scrubbing. 

She chose a shower cube and locked the door after checking to see that there were no glory holes that needed to be covered. She had no use for men, and she certainly didn't need any of them spying on her while she was in the shower. 

She stood in front of the full-length mirror, and slowly stripped the black t-shirt from her well-muscled frame. She wore no bra, as she didn't need one. She looked at herself in the mirror, 'Am I hot?' she thought to herself. She didn't know. All she knew was that in every truck stop she came to there was at least one pretty little piece that would follow her, puppy like to her truck sleeper for the night. She liked it that way, just fun, no strings. 

As she stripped out of the black skintight jeans she wore, the bulge in her boxers became more evident. She liked the look of it that way, kind of at half mast, and looking for action.  She peeled the boxers down and the black leather of the strap on harness shone in the light from the overhead bulb. The hard rubber dildo that had made the bulge now bounced to its full 9-inch glory. 

She stepped back just to watch it bounce a bit and was as always fascinated by the way she felt connected to that hunk of rubber. When some chick was going down on it she swore she could feel the soft lips on it, the gentle suction, the warm wetness. When she was fucking some young truck stop cutie, she felt it sink into the warm depths, and she knew she felt the tight, hot cavern as it engulfed her.

A sigh escaped her lips as she reached behind her and released the buckle that held the contraption on. It slipped down her boyish hips and she stepped out of it. She examined the leather, noting that it was getting time to clean it again. It built up a lot of dirt just from her wearing it all the time. She folded it up and laid it on the bench next to the bag of clothes and stuff she had brought in.

From the bag, she retrieved a couple of towels, shampoo, and soap. The towels she laid on top of the strap on. She picked up the soap and shampoo and stepped into the shower itself. She turned the water on, and stood back as it warmed to her liking. 

When it was steaming, she stepped into the hard spray. 'At least, there is good water pressure and it's hot' she thought to her self, as she ducked her head under the water. She started by shampooing her dusty blond, spiky hair,then she picked up the soap and washed her body. She spent time on her nipples just because it felt good, and an equal amount of time washing the tiny patch of fuzz between her legs. 'Hmmm, guess I should shave' she thought. 

She stepped out of the shower and dried her hands; a slight shiver ran through her as the cool air of the room hit her skin. She rummaged around in the bag and finally found her razor. She looked a bit deeper in the bag and found her one luxury item, a can of sensitive skin shave foam.

Items in hand, she stepped back into the steaming shower. She soaped her armpits and shaved the stubble there, and then she turned to her soft mound. She lovingly spread the foam across the hair on her pussy lips. Noting that she was getting increasingly turned on as she did so. Usually, she just ignored these feelings when she was in the shower, but there was something different tonight.  Gently, she stroked the razor across her mound, up and down until there was no trace of hair there. The hot water pounded on her back and shoulders as she shaved, effectively massaging them. It felt good.

She examined her pussy with her fingers making sure that there was no trace of hair left there. Inadvertently, she let a finger slip inside and was amazed by just how wet she was. Could it be that the face of the young waitress had done this much to her? Was it the fact that she'd been on a hard push for a week and hadn't bothered to pick up any girls lately? Or it was probably a mixture of these things.

Thinking to herself that she really needed sex, she absently let her fingers play in her sodden pussy as she stood under the pounding spray from the shower. She didn't really realize what she was doing till she felt the first twinges of orgasm. Then she realized she now had both hands in her pussy, one slipping in and out of her steaming hole, and the other working her clit at lightning speed. Her breath came in short gasps as she neared her peak.  She was close, but couldn't quite make it over the edge, when the red headed waitresses face popped into her mind. Thinking that it was her hands busy in her steamy pussy, she gasped once and fell back against the shower wall. Her orgasm was hard and sudden. It took all her strength to stay on her feet. 

As she came down from the euphoric high, she soaped her hand and washed the last of the girl cum from her inner thighs and pussy.

Feeling surprisingly refreshed after the shower and the much-needed release, she gathered her shower items and stepped out, turning the water off as she did.  She picked up one of the towels and rubbed her hair dry, tossing this towel to the floor; she stood on it while she dried herself with the second towel. She reached into her bag and pulled out a box of talc. She always used talc on her hips where the harness laid, to keep it from chaffing and to keep it from sticking on hot days.

Lovingly, she picked up the harness, rubbed more talc on the inside of it, and slipped it back into place, securely snapping the buckle in back.

She dressed in almost identical clothes to the ones she took off; boxers, skintight black jeans and a sleeveless black t-shirt.

She gathered her stuff back into the bag, and stepped out into the main shower room. Standing there was the redhead. A look of amusement on her face.

"What are you smiling about, Gina? Something funny about how I look?"

"No, not at all, I just came round to tell ya'll that yer food is gittin' cold. Then I come in here and it sounds like a one-man orgy in the shower stall. I found it funny that you'd rather jack off than take me up on what was an obvious offer. What's the matter? Truck stop trash not good 'nuff fer ya'll?"

Slightly embarrassed, she blushed. But, in the same moment, she crossed the distance between herself and the red head and closed her in an embrace. She kissed her long and deep. When she released her, Gina nearly swooned. "No, you are just fine to me, I just needed to take the edge off so I could eat. Now, what's say, you run along and stick my food under the warming lights or what ever, and I'll be right in. Just got to put this stuff back in the truck first." Shaking the bag she held for emphasis.

Moments later Donna walked back through the front door of the truck stop. Her food was sitting under the warming lights waiting for her, and the red head was beaming a smile a mile wide at her. Donna sat down at a booth and Gina brought her food over to her and poured her a cup of strong coffee. 

A patron at the counter said, "What's up Ginny, haven't seen you so chipper since your ex left town. That trucker dyke got you all fired up?"

"Leave it alone Darryl, you got no business calling folks names." Gina said

Donna spoke from the booth, "Don't worry your limp dick about this dyke trucker, buddy, I get more babes than you ever thought of bedding."

A roar came from the early morning crowd at that remark. Donna went back to eating her meal in peace. She was almost finished when Gina came over with a piece of pie, apple with whipped cream on it. She sat it down beside of Donna's plate.

Donna looked at it and frowned. "I didn't order pie. But thanks." She slid it over and continued her meal.

"Don't thank me, it was Darryl, he sent it over as a peace offering. Said he didn't mean nothing by his remark and he respects a woman that can handle a rig and put him in his place, too"

Donna looked over to where Darryl was sitting and raised her coffee cup in thanks. 

20 minutes later, Donna finished her meal, and called Gina over for the bill. She brought it and laid it face down on the table. She was turning to leave when Donna caught her arm. "When do you get off work here, doll?"

"About an hour from now, why?" Gina said, blushing slightly from the memory of the earlier kiss.

"Well, if you want to finish what we started in the shower, stop by my truck when you are off work. You're cute and a hell of a kisser. I want to see how much talent those lips really have." Donna said, a smirk on her face. She knew she wouldn't be stood up, even though Gina had left the table with a non-committal 'we'll see.'

Donna paid her tab and strolled out to her truck. The hours of driving and the good food had made her sleepy so she climbed into the back and laid down, figuring that she'd know soon enough if the fiery red head was going to show or not. She settled back on her bed in the sleeper of her truck and was almost instantly asleep.  

A short time later she awoke to feathery light kisses on her lips and chest. She must have been sound asleep, because Gina had gotten into the truck and had managed to get her shirt almost off of her before she awoke. 

She stirred slightly and Gina's efforts doubled. She was in desperate need to wake this handsome woman. The scent of her pussy filled the small space of the trucks' sleeper. She needed fucking badly. It had been too long since she had had sex and this woman was right here and willing if she could wake her up. 

Donna sat up and wrapped her arms around the young girl. She thought, 'young and hot, just the way I like 'em.' But out loud she said, "My my, who is this in my bed? Some hot young truck stop cutie that desperately wants a piece of old Don. " 

Gina squirmed, "I am not desperate!"

"That is not what my nose tells me, this sleeper reeks of hot pussy and it ain't mine. I know my scent."

Gina giggled and let herself be kissed, a deep soul searching kiss like lovers long parted, and reunited. She melted into Donna's arms and when the kiss broke, the scent of arousal had changed, Donna's own scent now mingled with Gina's hot pussy smell.

Donna wasted no time at all getting Gina on the bed in the sleeper. She undid the top Gina wore and slowly peeled it back to expose the biggest set of boobs she had ever seen. She could not tear her eyes from the massive mounds of flesh. 

She buried her face in them and found herself rooting around like a newborn pup for a nipple. She found one with a little help from Gina and sucked it gently. Gina moaned. "Oh yeah, that is good. Suck it baby."  

Donna needed no encouragement; She had latched onto a nipple and was sucking like an infant. Hands snaked out to Gina's other tit and down to toy with her pussy lips. In no time flat, Gina was squirming and trying to get more contact from the hand that continued to drive her insane with desire.

"Oh Donna, please, baby, please. Don't tease me! I need to feel your hands on and in my pussy. Please baby!" The skirt she wore had hiked up in the squirming, and she wore no panties, Donna didn't even stop to think about where they were.

Donna was quick to oblige, she left the comfort of Gina's huge tits, and snaked her was down her short frame, till she was nose to pussy with Gina's throbbing center. The scent of it was like heady perfume, Intoxicating and wonderful. She ran a finger along the moist slit and licked it. 

"Finger lickin' good" she quipped as she let her tongue travel the same route her finger had mapped out for her. 

The first touch of Donnas tongue sent Gina into quivering spasms, she shook with need and desire for the dusty blond. Her hips hummed as she tried to hold back the rising tide that threatened to drown her in delight.

Donna traced the outer edges of Gina's hot pussy slowly, several times before taking the plunge and dipping her tongue into the deep well of nectar within. 

Gina gasped as she felt that tongue enter her. Hot and slippery, in just the right place at the right time. Man could she get used to this, so much different from her last lover. Kari had been impatient and she really didn't seem to know where anything was or what to do with it. 

Thoughts of her last lover were wiped from her mind as a shattering orgasm began to build. Her breath came in short gasps, and she writhed under the actions of Donna's tongue. Her orgasm was building to a point of no return fast and when it came the force of it blinded her.

Moments later, when she had recovered enough to see clearly, she looked down at the dusty blond head between her legs and sighed.

Donna's head popped up as she did and she said, "From the sound of it you kind of enjoyed that, though I've never been with someone who was so quiet when they came. Like a little mouse squeak was all I heard." 

Gina smiled weakly and said, "You bet I enjoyed it. Never had such a cum in my life! The only thing missing was a good solid cock pounding into me after the first cum. I don't miss much about Kari, but she sure could use a dildo."

Donna smiled, that was the cue she had been waiting and hoping for. "Ask and ye shall receive!" She unzipped the fly if her jeans and for the first time, Gina noticed the bulge there. Fumbling for a moment with the fly of the boxers she finally freed her rubber member from its confines. "How's this?" She asked, turning and wagging the big bouncy phallus at Gina.  Gina's eyes grew huge as she eyed the thick shaft. Firm but soft, and lifelike in color, poking out of Donna's fly like that, made it almost seem real. "Oh yes! That's perfect!" She fell to the floor of the truck and took the rubber cock into her mouth.

Donna watched the redhead as she bobbed up and down on the shaft, letting her imagination take over as she did. She felt those lips and that hot mouth just as surely as she would have had that rubber cock been made of flesh. A soft moan escaped her lips and she said, "Baby, you keep that up and I'm gonna cum long before I get into you."

Gina let the cock slip from her lips and looked at Donna with some sort of mix of amusement and amazement. "You act like you could feel that!"

Donna rolled her onto her belly and hooked her hands under her hips, lifting her back end up, as she said, "All it takes is a good imagination baby. The most powerful sex organ is between your ears after all." She lubed the tip of her cock by running it the length of Gina's dripping slit and then on the return pass, let it slip into her willing channel. It sank to the hilt without effort. Donna gasped at that. Always, she had to stop when she was only about two thirds of the way into her girls. This cutie could take it all and what's more she was begging to be fucked hard with it!

She pulled out about halfway and slammed home. Gina gasped a bit but squirmed as if wanting to back herself onto the cock even farther. Donna began a hard pounding rhythm that would have most all of the women she had fucked with it begging for her to stop. Gina, on the other hand, seemed to love it. She rode it like an expert, and begged for more. Donna gave her all she had and pounded her like a freight train. Gina whimpered and gave back as good as she got.

The pace told all too quickly on Donna, as she felt a huge orgasm building up in her over heated cunt. She knew she couldn't hold back long at the pace she had set, but luckily, she didn't have to. Just as the first twinges rippled through her pussy, Gina started thrashing and moaning. That was all it took to send Donna off the edge and into the purple abyss. She came hard and through the haze she could feel and hear Gina cumming too. 

Her hips slowed and finally stopped. She let Gina fall forward on the bed as she collapsed on top of her. Slowly their breathing returned to normal and finally they untangled themselves and Gina started to gather her clothes that had been tossed all over the truck's cab.

"What'cha doin?" Donna asked

"Well, it has been great, but I've got almost an hour's walk to my trailer and it isn't getting any earlier. I need sleep. I worked a 12 hour shift and I have to be back in tonight for the dinner crew." She said as she located her panties.

"If you want, you can crash here and I'll drop you off at your place to get ready for work later. Hell, my load ain't hurtin' none, I'll even hang around and bring you back to work after you get ready if you like." Donna offered.

Gina considered this for only a second, before diving into bed beside the muscular woman. "I think I'll take you up on that, it's been a long time since I woke up next to something that wasn't covered with hair."

Donna looked at her quizzically, one eyebrow raised.

She laughed, "My dog, Rocko."

"Oh, ok"

They snuggled down in the sleeper and let the rhythm of each other's breathing lull them to sleep. 

As they drifted off Donna thought to herself 'wow, friend, this one has you by the balls. She must be something special. You've never offered to take one of your truck stop lays home before.' Her final thought before she fell asleep was 'Yup, this one is going to be hard to let go and forget'

To be continued......