 My friend Anna is a wonderful girl. Beautiful, kind, quiet yet notices everything and has the knack of making people erupt with laughter with her astute quick wit and timely jests. Honestly, I am in awe of her; how I can she be THAT attractive and THAT lovely? Her ex of nine years was an utter jerk. I am torn between actively hating him for annihilating her self-confidence, and being uncomfortably grateful for not allowing her to realise her hotness and greatness resulting in her failure to grow into a confident conceited lady with the goods to back it up. If she was the latter she would never have taken me on as a friend. Despite being considered "cute" and "pretty" I have never really fit in. With girls, doubly so. I get called all kinds of things "geeky" "offbeat" "quirky" "weird" "outspoken" "different" to name a few. If Anna had been appreciated and worshiped as she should have been by her partner, or men in general, over the last decade she would have cottoned on to her full potential, and I would not be part of that equation. 

Anna is one of those girls who is kind of reserved about sex, prudish even. Which confuses me to no end, because she looks and dresses like sex personified. Being a goth, she is oftentimes strapped into corsets, buckles, chains, leather straps, tight little skirts, skin tight pants you name it. She wears her long alarming shade of Jessica Rabbit red hair straight and down or up in pigtails. I could eat her hair; it is lusciously thick, and silky smooth. Being a good head shorter than me, she's adorably diminutive. It is beyond me how she supports those full perky breasts on that pretty little frame. 

Two glasses of wine in Anna is like entirely different girl. Watching her transform before your eyes from this quiet, uptight, repressed person into a curious, sassy, energetic bundle of joy is one of my most favourite things ever. I am pretty much an open book, and enjoy her frank questions about sex, sexpectations, standards, experiences and so on and so forth. It saddens me that her ex, from what I have ascertained, was such a lousy lover. As equally as it exhilarates me to coach her in such matters as new acts to try out on herself and others. She opened her mind for me to fill with new concepts, kinks, inclinations, wants, needs. 

Somewhere along the journey of getting to know each other - growing, learning, and sharing secrets - she wormed her way under my skin, and into my heart. When I fall for a friend, I fall hard. In the crucial bonding stage of friendship building I have a hard time differentiating intense friendly connection, and romantic interest. This has resulted in me developing crushes on all my close friends in the early phase of our relationships. Anna with her shy sexiness was no exception. 

In an attempt to break up the monotony of day in day out life we were in the practice of catching up for a casual drink or five - food optional - after work once or twice per week. These drinking sessions did nothing but exacerbate my enamoured state. As if on a schedule, halfway through her third glass of wine Anna started to open up, positing the most titillating questions. 

"So, the G-spot, in a woman: Is that a thing that is a thing?" She asked adorable in her ineloquence, not a hint of beguilement to her. 

"Yes." I affirmed. 

"Oh, and you are confident on the subject?" She asked sceptically, side eye glance and all. 

"Yes." I repeated. 

"So... You have one?" She probed further. 

"I certainly do," I affirmed again, "And so do you." 

"Well, if I have one, I have never been able to find it." She stated bluntly, draining her glass, she set it down on the hardwood table with an emphatic *thunk* as if saying 'case and point'. 

I laughed at her haughtiness. 

"I assure you, you do have one. What you are looking for is a textured pea to coin sized spot on the upper inner wall of your vagina." I explained patiently, "about 3 to 5cm up, towards you belly button. It doesn't want the same type of stimulation as your clitoris. It wants more of a pressure. This will usually get the job done." 

I hold my hand out, folding down my thumb, pinky, and ring finger. With my remaining extended fingers, I bend them into a slight C curve and make a slow 'come hither' motion. Rapt, Anna watched and listened, a cute little frown line formed between her immaculately groomed brows as she concentrated intently. Unconsciously biting down on her full soft lower lip as I demonstrated the 'come hither' motion. 

"Give me your hand." I instructed. 

"Which one?" She questioned, over thinking things as is her way. 

I smiled inwardly flushing as I it dawned on me just how smitten I was with this gentle discerning girl. Charmed by her earnest, and persistent concern with getting things 'right'. 

"Which ever you would like my lovely." I told her. 

Smiling with the quiet confidence of knowing that, for the moment at least, I had Anna just where I wanted her. I took her supple right hand in my firmly guiding left one I position it where I want it, 

"Hold your ground." I instructed her playfully as she compliantly held her hand aloft. 

Moving my dominant right hand up close and personal I delicately I caress her palm. Giggling she moved it slightly out of reach. 

"Don't." I cautioned, raising my eyebrows at her to show the seriousness of my disposition. 

Like a good girl she held her hand still, waiting for me to continue my demonstration. My dominant hand took position again. My 'come hither' met her velvety palm with light strokes. Over the thick dark rim of her glasses she gave me an almost knowing look. Slowly I increased the firmness of my short strokes until I was applying what I would consider a satisfying pressure. 

"This is the pressure you are probably looking for." I told her. 

"A hah." She verbally nodded, to my keenly interested mind it seemed that her breathing had become somewhat laboured. 

Stroking ceased I hold position of my index and digitus medius firmly against her. I pulsate the pressure off and on, off and on. 

"Oh." Anna breathed, her voice barely perceptible in the din of the bar. 

"Oh." I smiled indulgently at her. 

"How easy is it for me to find it on my own?" She asked, her cute little face a picture of curiosity and wonderment. 

"If you had the right toy... say a Njoy? Then... probably pretty easily. I mean you'll KNOW when you hit the mark." I told her, dividing what was left in the wine bottle between our glasses. 

"What about el natural?" She questioned. 

A flourish of her hands denoted she was intending a two finger search party. I watched her hands. Her dainty hands with their slender fingers, long finger nails adorned with dark plum nail polish. As she reached for her glass, I watched her hands. I coloured slightly as I realised where my thoughts were heading, and took a swig of my wine to hide it. 

"Well, for starters those long nails would have to go. You would do yourself an injury." I shuddered, "Success forecast: unlikely. it's an awkward angle for you to reach it el natural... Alone." 

"Could you help me?" She asked, I wasn't certain she was entirely sure of what she was asking of me. 

"It's more of a showing kind of thing." I advised her. 

"Yeah, I know." She confirmed enthusiastically, "We could get a hotel room, Ooh! With a spa. And champagne. It will be fun!" 

"Haha, o...k. It does sound fun, and I am flattered you would trust me with such a task, but I will confirm with you when you are sober." I told her. 

"I'm not going to change my mind!" She trilled, "Oh! Let's not tell the boys. Our little secret yeah?" 

"Ok, sure Anna. Anything you want." 

*** 

"You should stay tonight. Jay is going to be at his mum's most of the night. Friends don't let friends drink alone." Anna coerced fuelled by the confidence of her overly big glass of white sweet fruity wine. 

I didn't want to leave Anna on her own, but I felt bone weary. I had no desire to spend another night on the inflatable mattress in the spare room. I longed for a proper bed, and a good night's sleep knowing tomorrow was going to be another long busy day at comic con. 

"Come on Lily, budge! No one likes a non-budger!' She badgered, the mischievous expression on her face giving away she knew exactly what she was doing. 

"I really need a night in my own bed Anna. I need a good sleep. I am completely wiped." I told her honestly. 

She nodded solemnly in understanding, despite the wine taking the edge off, it had been a full-on day, and we had to rinse and repeat tomorrow. She ruminated on this for a while, then her face lit up in delight as an idea struck her. 

"You can sleep in my bed with me." She announced triumphantly. 

"What about Jay? I can't just kick him out of his bed." 

"Nope. It's happening. He can sleep upstairs on his couch. He does that all the time anyway." 

Before I had a chance to argue she tipsily fumbled a message off to him, informing him he had been usurped from his bed by yours truly. He must have been bored at his family dinner because his reply pinged back almost instantly. 

"It's done. He says that's fine. You're sleeping with me tonight." She smiled victoriously. 

"Haha, O...ok. I guess I am." I conceded feeling more than a little enamoured by her, and her antics. 

I shot off a quick message to my husband telling him not to expect me home until after the convention tomorrow. 

"So... this awful sweet white wine of yours, could it be a thing that can be drunk in bed?" I asked polishing off my glass. 

The sweetness was starting to grow on me, the more glasses deep I was the easier it seemed to go down. Plus, the alcohol combined with the sugar was starting to have a nice giddying effect. 

"Yes. Yes, it can." Anna enthusiastically agreed. 

Availing ourselves of further glasses brimming with cold sweet wine, we settled ourselves comfortably into Anna's bed. The conversation, like the wine flowed freely and easily. In spite of my earlier assertions of needing sleep I found myself swept away by tipsiness and merriment. 

It felt like no time at all before Jay was popping his head around the door, a broad grin spreading across his face at the sight of us bundle up in blankets full of booze. 

"Good evening ladies." He greeted warmly "You look like you are having fun." 

"Hi Jay!" I trilled happily. 

"No!" Anna snapped playfully "Be gone with you!" 

"Ok, ok." Jay accepted palms raised in easy surrender, as he vanished closing the door behind him. "Have fun." 

"Anna, that wasn't very nice." I laughed. 

"Oh! I told him not to come in here. He knew better." She asserted. 

"It's his room, why can't he come in?" 

"Oh, you know. Girl reasons." She replied eyes glinting impishly. 

My mouth was suddenly dry. My heart thudded heavily against my rib cage. 

"Girl reasons?" I repeated somewhat hoarsely, taking a big swig of my wine to steady my nerves. 

"Well, yeah. Oh! What if I wanted to show you this?!" 

She scrambled noisily through her bedside table draw, emerging jubilantly brandishing what appeared to be a small wand vibrator. 

"What... is that?" I asked cautiously, not sure where Anna was going with all this. 

"Look at it!" She exclaimed gleefully, thrusting the small device into my hand. "Turn it on! Push all the buttons!" 

I did as I was bid. A dull hum emanated around the room as the wand buzzed into life. 

*Buzz Buzz BUZZZZZZZ, Buzz Buzz BUZZZZZZ* 

"Now do the others!" Anna chortled mirthfully. 

As I did so, she was overcome by a fit of giggles. As I put the little device through it's paces, it dawned on me what she was finding so funny. 

*Buzz Buzz BUZ BUZ, buzz buzz BUZ BUZ* 

*click* 

*Buzzzz buz buz buz, Buzzzz buz buz buz* 

*click* 

*Buz, buz, buz, buz, buz, buz, buz* 

*click* 

*buuUUUZZZZZZZzzzzzzz, buuUUUZZZZZZZzzzzzzz, buuUUUZZZZZZZzzzzzzzzzzz, buuUUUZZZZZZZzzzzzzzzzzz* 

"Oh my god, they are all patterns! These wouldn't get you anywhere... how frustrating!" I laughed. 

"I knoooow." She giggled, "Stupid freaking thing!" 

"Why do you have this devil's device?" I asked perplexed at why someone would have such a clit tease of a thing. 

"Jay got it from a vending machine at a sex hotel in Japan." Anna explained as we erupted with raucous laughter. "Most frustrating 45 minutes EVER!" 

"Hahaha, whyyyyyyyyyyy?" I implored, imagining poor Anna all worked up, exasperated, and bound to a love heart shaped bed somewhere in Japan. 

"We didn't know it was just frustrating patterns when we bought it." Anna whined. 

"Thank you Japan!" I choked out as we dissolved into giggles once more. 

"Please, please tell me you have a better vibrator than this!" I managed to gasp out, waving the still buzzing wand in her face. 

Snatching it from me she switched it off and threw it unceremoniously to the foot of the bed. 

"Oh yeah. Of course!" Anna confirmed. 

Once more she was rummaging through her bedside table draw. This time she came up with a considerably more substantial looking wand. 

"I recently acquired this. It's fantastic." She enthused, handing me the wand. 

I felt it's heft. It was a decent size and weight, rechargeable. 

"No cords. Nice. May I?" 

Anna nodded assent emphatically. I flicked the switch. Strong pleasing vibrations pulsed out of the rubbery bulbous tip. I spun the dial with my thumb increasing the strength of vibrations, which I tested against the palm of my hand. It seemed to have the goods to do its job appropriately. The vibrations reverberating against my palm caused a corresponding jolt of heat and tingles between my legs. Out of nowhere all I could think about was how much I suddenly wanted to cum. 

"How long does this take you to... um... go with this?" I asked, breath catching awkwardly in my throat. I hoped Anna didn't notice. 

"Not long. A couple of minutes." She answered unabashed. 

Oh, sweet tipsy Anna. No shame or beguilement to her. It was utterly disarming. A dark insidious idea crept into my mind. 

"I bet I could beat your time." I asserted, sounding more confident than I felt. 

I had slept with girls before, and Anna had told me she had kissed a girl or two in her time. Aside from our drunken conversations about hotel rooms and g-spot search parties I was not certain how much thought she had given to having a sexual encounter with another woman. 

"No way!" She countered. 

My heart skipped a beat, with a dry mouth a heard myself ask: 

"Wanna race?" 

"Race? What, one of us will use that bastard thing?" Anna motioned to the discarded pathetic excuse of a wand at the end of the bed. 

"A race to one of being frustrated? No thanks." I laughed, before explaining. "No, we can take turns using the good wand. One will race, the other will time. Then switch?" 

"Sounds fun." Anna readily agreed, "I'll go first." 

I mentally chided myself for always thinking Anna to be uptight and prudish. I could hardly believe my luck. This kind, shy, sexy lady was going to get down and vulnerable with me. I tingled with anticipation as blood rushed to the apex of my thighs soaking my panties. 

"Do you mind if we turn the lights out?" She asked, sounding more like the shy girl I knew her to be. 

"Do you what you gotta do." I replied, still not completely believing that EVENTS were about to transpire. 

"You do you?" Anna quipped, throwing one of my frequent phrases back at me. 

Laughing at the appropriateness of the comment, I proffered the wand. Taking it, she repositioned herself on the bed, in what I supposed was a more orgasm friendly position. 

*tap* 

With a bop of her hand the already low light of the touch lamp was tapped out. Darkness encased us. I felt the mattress shift as Anna adjusted her position further and a slight tugging and loosening of the blanket we were sharing. Sounds of our seemingly laboured breathing filled the room. 

"Are you going to count down?" Anna asked, her voice seemed strained to my ears. 

"Yes." I confirmed, bringing the stopwatch app up on my phone, momentarily blinding myself before adjusting the luminosity down to its lowest setting. We were both giggling nervously in the darkness. "Ok, 3, 2, 1... go?" 

A dull hum filled the dark room. There was a sharp in take of breath as the wand hit its mark. Hearing Anna like that made my insides contract. Hot surges of pleasure and need radiate from between my legs througout my body to my extremities as I press my thighs together as Anna's quiet shallow breath picked up pace. 

A gasp here, a quiet quivering moan there, broke up the intoxicating sounds of our equally harried breathing. The sounds of her arousal though soft as I anticipated them to be, were more confident and accepting than I expected from her. Adorably cute noises of excitement, both endearing and exciting. 

"That's a minute." I time kept, as the stopwatch clicked past the one-minute marker. 

"It's... difficult." Anna panted. 

"Are you close?" I was just able to choke out, voice husky. 

"Yes." She whimpered. 

"Do you think music would help?" 

"Yes." She whimpered again. 

"Do you want me to choose?" 

"No." She said, switching off the wand. "I want to pick a song and start my time over." 

"Sure." I smile at her through the darkness, resetting the timer. "What song would you like, I'll look it up." 

I connect my phone to her Bluetooth speaker, and await further instruction. She tells me a song I have never heard before. For once I don't ask questions. I cue the song to play, then her back up song just in case. 

"3, 2, 1... go." I count her in. 

Once again, the sounds of vibrations fill the room, this time accompanied by opening bars of a song. Industrial style tones rush out of the speaker, a heavy dirty distinct beat, ethereal melodic sounds from a songstress. The music softens as the lyrics start. The male vocalist's voice is clear, in control, and strangely sexy. 

~*+*Don't be aroused by my confession, Unless you don't give a good goddamn about redemption, I know Christ is comin' and so am I, You would too if this sexy devil caught your eye*+*~ 

Anna gasped and shuddered beside me. 

"Ohhh." Escaped me as a surprising surge of arousal engulfed me. 

"Heh" Anna letting out a barely audible breathy laugh beside me. 

"Oh... Anna... Sorry." I told her, my voice and breath ragged. "I don't want to put you off." 

"No." Anna breathed, "I like... that you like..." 

"It's good... a good song." I whole heartedly agreed, unable to keep my breath quiet and steady. 

"Yea-AH, Ahhh. Ooh." 

I was unsure whether they were sounds of concordance or enjoyment. It didn't much matter. Her sounds and the music enveloped me in lust. Though I couldn't see her, I could feel the weight and heat of her presence smouldering beside me. 

~*+*She'll eat you alive, Jesus is risen, it's no surprise, Even he would martyr his mama to ride to hell between those thighs, The pressure is building at the base of my spine, If I gotta sin to see her again then I'm gonna lie, lie, lie*+*~ 

The crescendo of the music, clashed into the upsurge of Anna's desire. She was mewling and writhing beside me. Cute little sighs and groans of ecstasy and impending release. There was a pulling and pooling feeling from somewhere deep inside of me, potentially Anna was feeling an exacerbated version of such. I wondered how she would feel pressed against my fingertips, or even better my mouth, my lips, my tongue. How she would taste. How she would smell. I imagined her to be soft, wet, warm, welcoming, silky smooth. 

"Oh. Oh oh oh, oooh ahhhhh." Anna gently and sensuously fell apart beside me. 

My heart seemed to be residing in my throat beating rapidly. I did not feel capable of speaking to this beautiful woman, resplendent in her vulnerability and release. I felt like thanking her for allowing me to get so close to her, but I feared that would come across as pathetic and needy. Though in truth, as well as in awe, I did feel pathetic and needy. My skin was flushed, and my panties were drenched. 
