 It's been awhile since I've written anything worth publishing. Hopefully, I'll write a few more stories every now and then if I can find the time/inspiration. Constructive criticism is always welcome. Hope you enjoy the story! - hr6183

 -------------------------------------------------------

 I was a black girl who was born in the early 1950's. I grew up in the 60's and witnessed the civil rights movement. Later on I discovered my sexuality. I grew up in a time when being black and gay were very real issues. I rebelled against the system. I fought against men of all races. I never backed down from anyone. I learned I had to look out for myself and take what I wanted in life because no one was going to give it to me. 

 I made a lot of mistakes growing up. I chased pussy like it was going out of style. It didn't matter to me if the women were gay or straight, black or white, or whether they were in a relationship or not. I had a particular weakness for straight women. I loved pursuing them, seducing them and taking them to bed. It stroked my ego to steal straight girls from their men and be their first lesbian experience. I dunno, maybe it came from my fear of commitment. It was easy to seduce straight girls. When the fun was over, they would run back to their normal lives, I'd lick my wounds and would chase the next girl who caught my eye. It took a long time to grow out of this self destructive cycle.

 At 64 years old, I had mellowed out. I didn't fight with men or anyone if I didn't have to. I had stable relationships with other lesbians and lived a quiet life. There were a few close friends and a couple of women I dated casually. 

 For the last 10 years I worked for a property management company that ran several apartment complexes in a college town. I had worked my way up as the facilities manager, a glorified handyman. The pay was good and I got a discount on one of the apartments. I had a crew that worked under me. I liked being able to order other people around. It suited with my alpha personality. The property manager gave me a wide berth as well. The job was a good fit for me.

 For my age, I was in good shape. I worked out 3 times a week at the gym in the apartment complex. I also kept in shape by doing manual labor alongside my crew. My only vice was drinking a few beers at the end of the day to unwind. I was as strong and capable as most guys half my age.

 My body showed some signs of age. I shaved my head, but my eyebrows showed flecks of white. My 5'9" body was built like a bear, I had a bit of a beer belly. My obsidian colored skin was leathery and wrinkled from years of outdoor work. I was far healthier and more physically capable than 99% of the people my age.

 One of the perks of my job was the endless supply of white college coeds. They were too young for me and my sex drive wasn't like it used to be. But I still liked looking at their sexy asses. The only downside was all the college boys. Those crackers constantly tried to show off for the girls. These little fuckers were metrosexual pussies, they were almost as feminine as the girls were. These honkies were fucking pathetic. It actually made me miss the men from my youth who knew how to be men and how to treat women. It didn't matter though. It was less competition for the studs of the world like me.

 It was the end of July and I was working on an empty apartment, getting it fixed up before the fall semester. 

 The property manager called over the walkie-talkie. "RJ, there's someone coming to see apartment 15." 

 "OK Diane. Send'em over. I'm about finished." I said.

 "Will do." Said the property manager.

 A few minutes later, three giggly white girls came into the apartment. I had just finished installing a ceiling fan when they came in. I glanced over at the young women. The first one, was 5'4", had raven black hair, brown eyes, fair skin with full breasts and an athletic build. The second one, was 5'7", had hazel eyes, light brown hair, tanned skin with small pert breasts, a skinny body and a nice round ass. The third one, caught my attention. She was 5'7", had bright red hair, pale skin, green eyes, a slim body with ample breasts.

 I was mesmerized by the redhead. The girl was wearing an orange colored tank top, which was just short enough for me to see her firm, flat stomach and her glimmering belly button ring. Then there was her form fitting mini jean skirt and orange flip-flops. She turned to talk to her friends, and that's when I noticed her tight, round ass.

 I smiled as the three girls finished their inspection and left. They were all very attractive and if I were younger, I would've taken any one of them to bed. But that redhead, there was something about her.

 Three days later I was in the office when the fair skinned redhead showed up again. "Hi I was here the other day. My name is Faith, I rented apartment 15." 

 I nodded and reached to shake her silky soft hand. "I'm RJ, I'm the facilities manager." 

 Faith smiled politely and gave me a quick up and down. "I'm here to drop off the rent check and pick up my keys. Is the property manager here?"

 "No. Diane went ta lunch, but ya can leave the check wit' me. I'll get it ta her. She left me the keys in case ya stopped by." I said.

 "Ok. That's great! I wasn't supposed to move in until tomorrow but do you think it would be okay if I started today?" Said Faith.

 I nodded. "No problem. Jus' let me know if ya need any help, I can send some of my crew ta help ya if ya want." 

 "That's very sweet, but I'll be fine." She said.

 I got Faith her keys and handed them to her. The young girl turned to leave and as she did, she gave me a cute smile. As she walked out, her hips swayed from side to side. As she opened the door to walk out, she turned her head, smiled and said good-bye. What a tease, I thought to myself.

 Over the next couple of days, I saw her off and on. She was always with a group of girls and guys. I couldn't tell if she was attached to one of them or not. One day I heard her tell one of the other tenants that she was a freshman majoring in English and that she wanted to be a teacher. I smiled to myself. I wondered how many boys would be hot for this teacher.

 A week passed when my office phone rang. There was a familiar voice on the other end of the line. Faith called and said that her refrigerator wasn't working right and wanted someone to come over and have a look. She was at work and wouldn't be back until later that evening so she gave me permission to send one of my crew in to have a look. I could have sent one of my guys over, but I wanted to take care of this personally.

 I went into her apartment. It was neat and orderly. The living room was stylishly decorated for a college student. There were pictures hanging on the wall. They appeared to be pictures of friends and family. I didn't see any pictures of any particular guy so I deduced that she was in between men.

 I turned my attention to the refrigerator. I inspected it. The thermostat was out. After a few minutes I had replaced the faulty part and cleaned up. It was quick and easy. 

 On my way out the door I heard a noise, a beep. I stopped and turned around. I wondered if the battery was dying in the fire alarm or the carbon monoxide sensor. I heard the tone again and noticed an iPad laying on the coffee table. My niece had given me her old one, so I knew how they worked and was pretty good at using it. I went over to see if the iPad was making the noise. I pressed the home button and saw several notifications. Curious, I swiped to the right to see if it would unlock or if it had a passcode. It didn't. The home screen came up. 

 I thought about putting it back down but curiosity got the better or me. I went through her music. She had some good artists; Janis Joplin, Melissa Etheridge, K.D. Lang and Tracy Chapman and Beyonce. But she also had a lot of music I couldn't stand. Katy Perry, Justin Bieber and Taylor Swift. Fucking kids!

 Next, I checked out her photos. There were more pictures with her and her friends. As I scrolled down, I noticed a group of thumbnails that caught my eye. I tapped my finger on the first one in the set. It was a selfie of Faith. She was in front of a mirror, smiling alluringly into the camera. She was in a lacey black bra and matching pair of skimpy black panties. My body tingled seeing this exquisite young girl with emerald green eyes staring seductively at me. Her ruby red hair was off to one side. The lacey black bra strained to contain her ripened breasts. My eyes shot down to her pale flat stomach and belly button ring. And then her panties, they were tiny. It barely covered her pussy.

 I flipped to the next picture. In this one, Faith's body faced away from the camera. I noticed her thin waist and round hips. The black straps of her g-string disappeared into her tight round ass. Her body was a work of fucking art! I was entranced by that innocent yet sultry look in her eyes and her picture perfect body. Frantically, I flipped to the next photo. She had taken off her bra, but covered her tits with her free arm. Desperately, I turned to the next photo, but it was a different set of pictures of her friends. I looked around but couldn't find any other sexy images. 

 I went back to the pictures of her in her underwear. I stared intently at her young body. My African loins throbbed with desire for this young little white girl. I felt a little dirty, this sexy little bitch was younger than my niece. Fuck! I was old enough to be her grandma! But since she was white and I was black, I didn't feel quite as bad. My body just reacted naturally, seeing such a sexy young girl. I wanted to email those pictures to myself, but I didn't want to take the chance that she would find out what I did. I put her iPad back in the same position on the coffee table where I found it. 

 In the corner of my eye, I noticed her bedroom. Lust overtook common sense. I walked into her bedroom. It was clean and organized, the white bed cover and pink accent pillows were made. There were a few stuffed animals by her pillows, guarding her bed. They looked old and used. They reminded me of the stuffed animals I gave to my niece when she was 5. In the corner of her room, I saw a wicker hamper. 

 I went over and kneeled by it. I opened the lid and rummaged through her laundry. I saw a few small t-shirts that looked like they would fit a child. There were some purple sweat pants, black and gray yoga pants and some short shorts. Then my eyes caught a glimpse of something crimson. I pulled it out to discover a very sexy looking pair of lacey g-string panties. They looked very similar to the panties I saw in her selfies. I brought the thin material up to my nose. I closed my eyes and inhaled deeply, taking in the faint musky scent of Faith's pussy. My mouth watered as I imagined tasting her body.

 I pictured myself in her bed, underneath the covers, lying between her young white thighs. The stuffed animals stared accusingly at us as I pleasured her in ways only a skilled dyke like me could. I imagined submerging my big tongue deep inside her white pussy, while she moaned in ecstasy. She was begging me to make her cum. I could feel my juices flowing just imagining it.

 After a few more moments of daydreaming, I came back to reality. I wanted to take her panties as a souvenir. But as organized as she was, Faith would probably know they were missing. I inhaled deeply on her scent one last time. Then I took her panties and slid them inside my pants. For a few moments, I stroked her silky soft panties against my hairy sex, rubbing my wetness on it. I added my essence to hers. It was an animalistic urge to mark my territory. This white girl, especially her pussy, belonged to me.

 When I finished, I returned her panties deep in her hamper. I left her apartment. There had been many beautiful college girls I had seen at the apartment complex over the years but none made me act like this before. But there was something that drew me to her like a moth to the flame. A fire once more burned in my black loins. I didn't care that she was a young white girl and I was an old black woman. I think that made me want her more. I had to have this white girl!

 I knew I couldn't chase just chase her and expect her to give in. I was good with women, but she was probably straight, she may not be into black people and also the age difference. She would be frightened of everything I represented. I had to attract her to me subtly. To lower her defenses, make her feel comfortable around me. The more time this white girl spent around me, the less concerned she would be about my race, my age or sexual orientation. Then I would seduce her.

 Being a woman and a womanizer, I understood that women are social. They follow and are influenced other women in their group. They are drawn to people who are prominent in their social circles. It doesn't mean that they are always sexually attracted to the person, but they are drawn to people who can increase their social value. I didn't know any of her friends. So I chose to create a group of people to use to attract her.

 I started to lay the groundwork. I became friendly with the other tenants. I made friends with a couple of guys who worked at the gym at the complex. I invited them and some of the other tenants to get together in the afternoon to have beers. It became a ritual. Before long a group of three grew to twenty. Our own happy hour made up of tenants from around the complex. It was split evenly between men and women. We hung out around the pool. 

 With a group that large, people segregated into their own cliques. I made myself into a social butterfly. I went from clique to clique, mingling, getting to know each person. During that time, Faith would walk to her apartment from class. She'd look over at us as she walked by. Occasionally someone would invite her to join, but she always declined, saying she had too much homework. Finally, I decided to intervene.

 One afternoon at the end of September, Faith walked by as usual. I raised up my beer bottle towards her. Her eyes caught mine. She smiled at me, and I returned it in kind. She walked over towards me. 

 "Faith! How ya doing today Missy?" I asked.

 "Hey RJ, I'm good!" She smiled.

 "Ya should join us girl!" I said.

 "Thanks RJ, but I've got some homework." She replied.

 "C'mon girl! I got a beer with yo name on it. Ya don't want it ta get warm, do ya?" I asked.

 Faith smiled and said. "It sounds very tempting..."

 I yelled out. "Hey! Who want's this shy girl to grab a beer and have a drink wit' us?"

 "Fuck yeah!" Said one person.

 "C'mon! We don't bite!" Said another.

 "Yeah! Stay and have a beer!" Said someone else.

 "There ya go. We want ya ta join us. C'mon!" I joked.

 Faith laughed. "But, I'm not even 21! I'm only 18." 

 "Shit girl! Half the kids here ain't 21! Nobody gives a shit!" I said. But deep inside I thought to myself that this little white girl was barely out of diapers.

 "Ok! Ok!" She smiled.

 "Great! Now let me introduce ya to everyone." I said.

 Faith made friends with some of the girls there. From that moment on, she became part of the group. I continued to mingle with everyone, including the object of my desire. I spent equal time talking all the females there. Never showing any preferences for the most part. However, when Faith talked to the guys, I went and talked to her friends. When I did that, I glanced over to gauge her reaction. She wanted be included. I went from clique to clique using this same tactic. She and many of the other girls took notice.

 The women instinctively gravitated towards me, since I was so popular. And like a feedback loop, I felt their growing sense of interest. It was a social feeding frenzy! They were like sharks converging on wounded prey. The girls were vying for my attention, including my beautiful redheaded teenager.

 One Friday afternoon, I suggested that the group go to a local bar, it even had a dance floor. We sat around a few tables near each other. Everyone wanted to sit at my table. Faith sat on the opposite end of the table. Her green eyes stared over at me. I motioned for her to sit beside me. She smiled as got up. 

 She looked all kinds of hot that night. Faith wore a pink wind breaker. Underneath, a short white shirt that exposed her flat stomach. A sparkling gold belly button ring, the same one from her selfie, caught my eye. Her pink yoga pants showed off her long toned legs. She strode over in her pink flip flops. I noticed the glint of her gold ankle bracelet and a gold toe ring on her left index toe. 

 The young redhead made a show the prestige she felt of sitting next to me. Her hips swayed seductively, from side to side, as she walked over. Subconsciously, she was exerting her new social status over the other women at the table.

 I grabbed a chair for her. She sat down and thanked me for the gesture. We made some small talk. Then, I drank my beer and talked to the other people around the table. I heard a song I liked. I turned to Faith, touched her arm lightly. She looked over at me. 

 I stared into her beautiful green eyes and asked. "This is my favorite song! Dance wit' me!"

 Faith's face blushed red. "Thanks RJ. But I'm not really dressed for dancing tonight."

 I smiled and said. "Ain't no thang girl."

 I decided to punish her. I got up and walked over to the other end of the table. There was a blonde who had caught my attention in the past. Her name was Megan and she was equally as attractive as Faith. I asked her if she would join me on the dance floor. The young blonde girl jumped at the chance. 

 Faith watched me take her competition out on the dance floor in front of everyone. The redheaded beauty looked self-conscious as I took my dancing partner to the middle of the floor. I put my hands around Megan's slim waist. She put her arms around my shoulders as we danced. 

 You can tell a lot about a person by the way they dance. Whether they're confident or playful or if they're sexually compatible with you. From the way Megan and I danced, how our bodies moved in together, I knew we were sexually compatible. I thought if things didn't work out with Faith, maybe this girl would be worth my time.

 Once the song was over, I put my arm around Megan's waist as I led her back to her chair. We both smiled as she sat down. I felt Faith's eyes on me. Another slow song came on. I decided to ask the her one more time.

 I walked over to Faith. "Are ya sure ya don't want ta dance? I think you's missing out!"

 Faith looked relieved that I asked her. "OK RJ. Let's dance!"

 She got up and was about to take my hand and then froze for a moment. She took off her pink jacket. Letting everyone see her tight little body in all its splendor. I got the impression that she wanted to outdo Megan and exert her dominance to the rest of the girls. I put my hands on Faith's bare midsection. Her pale skin was warm and soft to the touch. Not to be outdone by Megan, Faith put her arms around my neck.

 "I gotta tell ya, ya look beautiful tonight." I told her.

 "Thank you RJ. You look very handsome." She smiled.

 As our bodies swayed to the music, I said. "I love yo perfume. It smells good on ya."

 "Thank you!" She blushed.

 Our bodies moved slowly to the music. I stared into her green eyes. She was stiff at first, but as the song went on, her sexy body relaxed. The teenager inched her body closer to mine until we became one on the dance floor.

 The song ended, I was about to take Faith back to her seat but she stopped me. "C'mon RJ, one more song! Please?!?"

 I laughed. "Shit! I created a monster!"

 She giggled.

 "OK young lady. One more song. But only because I love that smile of yo's." I replied.
