 The miles slipped away under the wheels of the black truck. It had been almost 2 months since she had been through this part of the state. The road she was on led to the tiny truck stop and the pretty red head that she hadn't been able to forget. That wasn't like her, she never thought about the girls she bedded when she stopped for the night in a truck stop parking lot. Something was different about this one.

She hadn't even thought about bedding another girl for the first month after the encounter with Gina, but when her libido finally won out, the sex was hollow, without any fire. She had cum, but the orgasm was weak and almost forced. 

So, she had taken a load that would bring her back to the little diner and hopefully the red head would still be there. It was late in the afternoon when she pulled into the parking lot of the truck stop. There were only a couple of cars in the lot, and it looked like the place was closed. 'No, it can't be closed. Sign on the door said 24/7, so must be it's just slow right now.

She parked the truck and left it idle to keep the cab cool. She was tired, but not as bad as she had been the first night. She walked to the door and peered through it before she opened it. Seemed like the only ones in there were the cook, one patron and Gina. She opened the door, and the entry bell went off. 

Gina called,"Have a seat, I'll be right there" without turning around. She picked up the coffee pot and a menu and turned then to take care of the customer. She squealed and nearly dropped the pot of coffee when she saw the spiky, dusty blond head above the seat of the booth.

Donna had deliberately sat with here back to Gina. She wanted to see if the red head remembered her, or if she had just been a handy lay that sultry night 2 months ago.

Gina hurried over to the booth, hardly daring to believe that it was Donna. "Oh my God! I didn't think you'd ever come back this way! I'm so glad to see you! What will it be?" She said, taking out her order pad.

"Coffee, a lunch special, and a side of you for desert if you have the time." Donna said. Gina was busy writing when it dawned on her that Donna had just asked her back to her truck for some fun. "I nearly wrote that in my book!" She said, giggling. " Sure I'd love a repeat performance after work. I'll go get your order on."

She went back and handed the order to the cook and stood at the counter waiting for it to be ready. When it was, she picked it up, and took it and the coffee pot back to the table.

She sat the meal in front of the trucker and said, "You look like you have seen a lot of miles recently. You look tired."

"Well, yeah, I've been pushing hard, trying to forget something. You know what? It didn't work, I'm back here." She said, pondering her coffee. "You got time enough to sit and keep this old trucker company while I eat?"

Gina looked around at the nearly empty diner and said, "Yeah, I think this rowdy crowd will be fine without me for a bit." She sat across from Donna and just looked at her. She could see there was something on her mind, but years of experience had taught her that if someone wanted to talk they would in their own time and pushing the issue wouldn't help.

Donna ate in silence for a while and at length she spoke. "Well, talk to me. How did you end up in this place? What did you do to deserve this dead end job?"

Gina giggled. She said, "Well, I am a college graduate, just this past spring actually. I took this job cause it was close, and all I could find after my girl left me stranded here with nothing and no one. The woman I rent my trailer from was really nice to me, she let me live there free till I got this job, and I finally got the back rent paid up last month, so now I don't owe her anything, it feels good to be free for once. "

"Do you like working here?"

"Yeah, it's fun, I meet a lot of people. Some really interesting ones, but some are unforgettable." She pointedly looked at Donna as she said this.

"Yeah, I know the part about some people being unforgettable." Donna said, returning the stare.

Both women were squirming slightly in their seats, not wanting to admit that just being near the other was turning them on so much. The conversation continued, with Gina telling Donna how her ex had left her there during a road trip to celebrate the graduation, and how hurt Gina had been. How it had taken a long time for her to forgive her and go on with her life.

"What about you? How did you get to driving a truck?" Gina asked at length

"Well, my dad was a trucker, so mom told me, so I guess it is in my blood. I never met dad, and mom was a lot like you, a truck stop waitress I mean. She didn't have no fancy education, she barely made it out of 8th grade. But, she worked and put me through school; made damn sure I went too. She was killed a few years back so now I have no one; I've driven this rig now for 3 years, and I must say I enjoy it. Meet a lot of people, see a lot of things, and places."

"Did you ever think about settling down?"

"Nope, not yet anyway. I like my freedom too much. Though I do want to settle into my sleeper with you pretty soon. It's been a long hard day and I need to feel you in my arms and taste you again."

Gina blushed. She had to admit it felt good to be wanted again. "Finish your meal. I'm off in a couple of hours. That will give you time for a shower and a nap before we play."

Donna grinned. She ran a hand through the spiky hair and said, "Yeah, I could do with a shower, for sure. Those dusty roads don't do a thing for my complexion." She said, doing her best imitation of a glamour girl.

They both laughed at that and Gina went to take care of a customer who had just come in. From the counter the voice came, "Well, Ginny, I see your trucker is back. Guess that means you will be cutting out early today huh?"

"Darryl you know I only work half a day today, get off my case!" Gina said good-naturedly. Gina and the customers had a good relationship, she knew all the locals, and they all joked and ribbed each other. It was all in fun, and it was refreshing not to have to hide behind a straight facade here. 

She had hidden the fact that she was gay all the while she was growing up, hid it from her parents, her friends, everyone. They wouldn't have understood. She was only free to be herself when she finally went away to college, and that was where she had met her ex girlfriend. She had fallen in love and they had spent the whole 4-year college stint as inseparable companions. 

It was not until they were finished and on the road trip across the country just to see the sights, that she found herself, one morning, all alone in the little motel on the edge of town, her girl and all her money and possessions gone. A note on the pillow said "It's been fun, but I've got to live my life now. See ya." 

Her heart had been broken. But now, she was here in this diner, happy with her life and the people she knew. The trucker was the first person she had been with since she had been dumped, and she couldn't help wanting to be with her more and more.

She looked across the diner, to the booth where Donna sat. She was just finishing her meal, and Gina took her bill to her and said, "you go get cleaned up and get some rest, I'll be done here in a bit and I'll meet you out in the truck."

"OK, sounds good to me." Donna said, picking up her bill and heading for the register. She paid her bill and went back to the truck. She grabbed her shower bag, and noted that the pile of clothes in the corner was getting deep; she'd have to do laundry before she went too many more miles.

She stepped around the diner to the shower house in back and went in. She took the same shower stall she had on her first trip through, knowing there was nothing to worry about covering and that the lock worked.

She stripped and as she pulled her shirt off, a long scar was visible. Bright red and newly healed, it was the result of defending her truck against some vandals a few weeks prior. She ran her fingers down the scar, mumbling to herself 'nice beauty mark those hoodlums left you, huh Don?' 

She finished stripping and stepped into the shower, adjusted the water and stepped out to wait for it to warm. She examined herself a bit while waiting and decided she didn't need to shave this time, the fuzz was barely noticeable on her lips and pits as she had shaved just the day before. 

The relaxing spray felt good on her tired, stiff muscles. For a while she lost herself in the feeling of the hot, pounding spray. Soon, her thoughts turned to the redheaded waitress. 

How hot would it be if she were in there with her? Knowing she was just a few short feet away did nothing to quell Donna's erotic, rambling thoughts. She could almost feel the long, supple fingers exploring her willing body, probing into her most secret places. Without realizing it, she let her fingers stray to her tiny breasts, fondling her nipples till they were hard peaks of pleasure. She pinched them lightly and felt the sparks ignite in her loins.

Almost reluctantly, she pulled her hands away. Quickly, she finished her shower, and got dried and dressed. She didn't want to be caught sleeping again when Gina came to her, so she hurried to the truck and set her travel alarm for an hour. She settled back on her bed and was instantly asleep.

She came out of a sexy dream when the alarm went off. She quickly shook the sleep from her head and picked up a few scattered things in the truck, trying to make it look presentable for Gina.

She caught herself cleaning up and laughed. What was it about this woman? She didn't clean for any truck stop bitch, why should this one be different?

She didn't have time to ponder that as the truck door opened and the top of a bright red head was visible.

"C'mon in, I'm awake this time. Awake and ready for you, baby." Donna said as Gina clambered into the truck.

"Why don't they make ladders for these things?" She said jokingly as Donna extended a hand to help her up. Gina took the offered hand and Donna pulled her up into the truck and on into her arms.

She wrapped the pretty waitress in a bear hug and inhaled deeply. "You smell like French fries that want to be fucked." 

Gina giggled and said "Well you are half right, I do want to be fucked and I can't think of anyone I'd rather have fucking me than you." She reached for Donna's crotch and was rewarded by the feel of the hard bulge she knew would be there for her. "Mmmm, I've been dreaming about that."

Donna said, "Well, it's right here waiting for you, baby. But first I want to taste you. It's been so long. Lay back and let me get some of that sweet pussy."

Gina settled back on the bed of the sleeper cab, and let Donna take over. 

She wasted no time, dropping to her knees and flipping the skirt out of her way. She loved the fact that the uniform Gina wore was a skirt and blouse, gave her easy access to that sweet pussy. Her tiny thong panties didn't stand in the way much either. She quickly peeled them down over her hips and tossed them aside. "What's this?" Donna traced a finger over the slick hairless lips. "You shaved! I love it!" She ran her tongue over the smooth, slick pussy lips. Gina's juices were flowing and Donna couldn't get enough. She ran her tongue up and down Gina's hot slit several times, coating it with the heady pussy syrup. Using her fingers, she gently opened those sweet lips and dove right in, attacking Gina's clit with a wild, thrashing tongue.

The touch of Donnas tongue on her hard clit sent bolts of electricity through Gina's pussy and up to her suddenly hard nipples. Her back arched and her hips bucked upward, straining for more contact from Donna's well-schooled tongue. 

Donna drank in the hot nectar from Gina's steaming pussy, licking gently around her clit and running her tongue the full length from time to time. She couldn't get enough of her sweet juices.

Her tongue action soon had Gina begging for a little extra to send her over the edge. Donna backed off then and stood, bringing a whimper from Gina. The almost silent track of her zipper told Gina that she was releasing the hard rubber cock she wore from its cloth prison.

She pulled Gina to the side of the bed, picked up her legs and held them straight up, while she guided her cock home in one smooth motion. 

Gina squealed with delight as she felt herself being filled up and she wrapped her legs around Donna's neck as she began pistoning the rubber cock in and out of her hot pussy. She set a hard rhythm that soon had Gina gasping and straining for release.

Donna felt with every fiber of her being her cock as it stroked in and out of that tight pussy. She felt the hot tight closeness as it sank to the hilt. She could feel Gina as she quivered on the edge, and she felt the sparks in her own overheated pussy, as she got closer to orgasm herself. She wanted to hold off till Gina was ready but she knew she would not be able to hold back much longer.

Gina was close, so close she only needed a little more to drop off the edge into ecstasy. She drove herself onto Donna's cock, and Donna felt the change as she did so. She redoubled her strokes, driving harder and faster into Gina's swollen, dripping cunt. Suddenly, Gina's orgasm ripped through her, her back arching off the bed and her hips bucking so hard that Donna nearly was tossed off of her. 

That was all it took for Donna, she felt the first velvet bullet as it ripped through her pussy, sending shock waves throughout her body. Her orgasm was so strong that she saw stars for a minute, and then gentle blackness engulfed her. 

Moments passed, and Donna slowly awoke, fully aware of the sweet redhead under her, squirming to free herself from Donna's dead weight. Donna rolled quickly off the helpless girl. Laying half on the bed on her back she said "I ain't cum that hard since I don't remember when. You are about the best I've ever been with baby."

Wow, I didn't think anyone could cum from running a strap on. But you are the best I've ever been with. You know just how and when to hit me. I could easily get used to that."

Donna chuckled, and slipped the harness off. "Come on baby, I been aching to feel what you can do with that pretty mouth of yours, so hop on up here and do a little 69 with me. I want more of that sweet pussy anyways."

Gina giggled and swung one slim leg over Donnas head and settled down on her face, where Donna got an up close view of the smooth glistening lips. Below, she could feel Gina's hot breath on her lower lips. She was super sensitive, as she rarely allowed anyone to touch her there. It wasn't that she didn't like it; she was just very particular whom she shared that part of intimacy with.

The first touch of Gina's mouth was like electricity coursing through Donna's loins. She bucked involuntarily, pushing her hot pussy lips hard into Gina's mouth. She took that to mean Donna wanted more, and she worked her tongue deep into Donna's pussy, finding her hole and slipping a tiny way into it.

The sweet sensation nearly caused Donna to explode on the spot, but she managed to hold back, concentrating on giving Gina as good as she was giving her. Letting her mouth follow the pattern and pace that she was feeling play out on her own pussy.

Her tongue traced velvet lips along the path to Gina's waiting clit. A gentle flick of the tongue tip across Gina's clit sent shock waves through her body. 

Donna was not used to the electric velvet feeling of her lover's experienced lips and her hips bucked uncontrollably. She was having a lot of difficulty in controlling the raging orgasm that threatened to consume her. It had been too long, she fought a brave fight, but all too soon she felt the first ripple shoot through her pussy and radiate out to the rest of her body. Gina never moved off of Donna's gushing pussy as her orgasm ripped through her. 

The waves subsiding, Donna dropped back onto the bunk and gently pulled her red headed lover up to her. She wrapped her in her arms and for the first time Gina noticed the long jagged scar that crossed Donna's lithe chest. Gina struggled a bit in Donna's strong arms, then gave in, and lay comfortably snuggled against her chest.

"What happened here?" She asked, lightly running a finger down part of the scar.

.

"Oh nothing really major, baby. I just caught a bunch of teen hoodlums trying to steal my load a few weeks back. It had to have been just for fun too. There is no money in stolen toilet paper." Donna laughed lightly and snuggled down holding Gina even tighter. "Can you stay with me tonight?"

Gina snuggled down closer and said," I really want to stay here with you tonight. I really shouldn't but I want to."

"Why shouldn't you? You got someone waiting up for you at home? You sure can't be thinking about what folks are gonna say, seems like everyone in this town knows about us."

"It's not that, I'm getting really comfortable with you and the more I stay around you the more I want to stay with you. I know you have to leave in the morning, too."

"It's ok pretty one, I will make sure I come back from time to time. I am getting pretty used to you too."

Gina thought it over a moment before snuggling down in Donna's arms. She just felt so comforted and needed there. Donna too, felt that she belonged there in her arms. The crickets buzzed on that sultry late summer night, as a plan formed in the short trucker's mind. A broad smile crossed her lips as she drifted off to sleep.

Daylight found the lovers curled into one another. The first rays of the sun hit the sleeper window and woke the lithe trucker from a sound sleep. 

She untangled herself from the redheaded waitress, and sat on the edge of the bunk. She was shaking the sleep from her head and reaching for her clothes when she felt the soft gentle hands of her lover run down her back.

She turned on the bunk and grinned. "Good morning, sleepyhead" she said to her redheaded lover. "You ready for more, or will you let me up to hit the head first?"

Gina laughed and said, "Go ahead, I need to go freshen up, too."

They dressed in silence. Gina only having to find her top and her thong got dressed and was out of the cab and headed to the bathroom stalls long before Donna could get herself together.

At length, Donna clambered down from her big black rig, and walked with a strut that had not been there in years toward the bathhouse. Towel and clean clothes in hand she stepped into the building. Waiting just inside the door was Gina, sitting on the bench waiting for her.

Donna jumped at the unexpected surprise, but the grin that split her face was enough to let Gina know she was not an unwelcome sight. She said coyly, "I thought you might like some company?"

Donna took her hands and drew her close, kissing her neck and slowly trailing kisses downward.

She fumbled slightly with her top, removing it finally, and stopped and allowed Gina to remove her T-shirt. Dropping to her knees and slipped the tiny skirt down Gina's hips and let her nostrils pull in the heady perfume of her lover's sweet sex. She peeled the tiny thong down her lover's long legs, and allowed her to kick out of her flat shoes. 

Gina fumbled for a second with Donna's zipper. then it fell with near silence, allowing the hard rubber cock of her strap on to bounce free once more. Gina giggled and said, "don't you ever leave that in the truck?"

Donna chuckled, and said, "If I did, I would not be able to do this." As she twirled the girl on her arms, bent her over and slipped her cock into her in one swift motion. 

Gina gasped with the sudden flood of feelings that ran through her body. Donna's rubber cock filled her and touched hidden places she did not know existed till she was with her. Donna pounded into her till the little redhead gasped and came hard. Then she held her tight while she regained her composure and her footing. 
