 Chapter Four: Dinner Date

"You need a good fucking."

Those words cut right through me, piercing my inner core. They were my seductive neighbour Eve's response to learning that I hadn't had sex with my husband in nearly five years. Her insistent desire to meet my sexual needs after years of neglect caused an ache in my centre, and made my pussy a sodden mess. I squirmed in my seat, feeling warmth tingle throughout my body. It was so erotic to be wanted like this.

Nevertheless, I shook my head.

"No. We've already ordered, we're having dinner," I said.

Eve raised an eyebrow, and looked a little incredulous. I smiled to see her a bit surprised. So far she'd been in pretty much complete control of our day. I pressed on before she could reassert her control of the situation.

"Earlier you made sure I got some lunch and water when I needed it. This afternoon I almost passed out twice from our... fun. So, we are going to wait for our nice waitress to come back with our food, we're going to nourish ourselves, and then, dear Eve, you can take me home and fuck me all night long if you want to. But I need calories to keep up with you."

Eve blinked at my little speech, and there was what some people might cause a pregnant pause. Then she started to laugh, and I smiled and breathed a sigh of relief.

"You are full of surprises," Eve said, shaking her head. "That's the last thing I expected you to say."

"Which?"

"Well first that you haven't had sex in half a decade, but then the 'all night long' comment. You seem to be embracing your inner hedonist."

I shrugged. "I've been deprived of a lot, and you're offering to help. I like it. It might be immoral, and I'll deal with that in the morning. But if I hesitate now I'm going to ruin what has been a lovely day."

Eve squeezed my thigh under the table. I felt my cheeks go warm, sensing her approval. I looked at her and she smiled.

"You are a rare jewel," she said emphatically.

"Hopefully more a diamond than a cubic zirconium," I suggested.

She laughed again.

***

Eventually the waitress returned with our plates, putting them down in front of us with a smile. Eve thanked her and I nodded to her, and she wandered off.

"Cute little thing," Eve observed.

I shrugged but she raised an eyebrow at me. I squirmed. "Yes, I suppose she is," I ventured.

"What did I say about diffidence?" Eve asked.

I blushed. "Yes, she's cute."

Eve took a bite of her food and chewed slowly. Then she sat up a bit and looked at me attentively.

"Would you fuck her?"

I almost choked on my mouthful of salmon. I had to cover my mouth with a cloth napkin, feeling my eyes water. 

"Excuse me?" I said to an amused Eve once I caught my breath.

"The redhead. Would you fuck her?" she asked pleasantly.

My eyes widened and I felt a flush in my cheeks. "I don't know. I don't know her. I'm not used to talking about people that way."

"You barely know me, and this morning you didn't hesitate to eat my pussy. If she asked you, would you lick hers?"

The heat in my cheeks increased as I stared at the food on my plate and moved some around with my fork. I shrugged.

"That's a hypothetical, for one. We don't know her, she probably doesn't like girls, I would be so embarrassed..." I started to ramble, squirming nervously.

Eve chuckled and caressed my thigh. "Easy, girl. I'm not suggesting you go molest the waitress in the bathroom this instant. I'm simply inquiring whether you find her attractive."

"Oh," I said, feeling silly. "I don't really know. I never thought about this stuff consciously. I don't know if I'm attracted to you because you're beautiful, or because you're so confident. She's not a personality yet, and I think that matters to me."

"That's interesting," Eve said, taking another bite from her plate. "So you think I'm beautiful?"

I giggled. "Yes."

"And she's cute?"

"Sure."

"So, on some level, you are attracted to women physically," Eve said suggestively.

I shrugged. "I mean, it's easy to see women as aesthetically beautiful. Our bodies are more elegant, more... decorative? Even our clothes, they're meant to entice. Men aren't pretty, so much as strong, powerful, protective. Aesthetics are different than desire. I can see a flower or a hummingbird and say 'that's beautiful,' without getting horny. I can see a young woman with red hair and say she's cute without wanting to jump her bones."

Eve ate as she listened, and then paused to swallow. "But I make you want to jump?"

I laughed. "Yes, very much. I have had at least half a dozen orgasms today as evidence of that."

"But it's not because of my body?"

I regarded her intently. Eve had very stylish dark hair in a bob, and mischievous, sparkling eyes. Kissable, smug lips. A toned, elegant body. She was gorgeous. But so were models, and they didn't make me wet. I shrugged.

"Your body is a vehicle," I tried to explain. "It's your drive that arouses me. Did you like me because of my body?" 

I gestured at myself. I was broad at the shoulders and in the rump, with what I saw as thick thighs. My arms were strong, but not elegant like hers. My short hair was styled and highlighted, but it wasn't gorgeously feminine like in a shampoo commercial. I wouldn't win any beauty contests.

Eve seemed to ponder my question. "You are prettier than you think," she said eventually. "But, you're right, that wasn't what appealed to me. It's your personality, your nature, that je ne sais quoi."

"I love when you speak French," I smiled. "Especially my new nickname."

"Mal?" Eve smiled. "No one called you that before? It seems obvious as a short form of your name."

"I don't have a lot of, like, close friends. I don't think anyone paid me enough attention for nicknames. My parents were very formal, and always called me 'Mallory.' My mom always said that if she wanted me to be called something else, she would have named me something else."

"Strong willed?" Eve asked.

I shrugged. "I guess."

"So you have more mommy issues than daddy issues?" Eve teased.

I laughed. "I wouldn't know."

"I think we'll both enjoy peeling back all your layers," Eve smiled.

"You think there are that many more?" I asked.

"Honey, we've barely scratched your surface."

***

At one point in the meal I had to get up to use the ladies' room. I sat on the toilet in the stall and was surprised to see how wet I was. I couldn't remember ever being noticeably aroused like this in my life, and in one day I had been continuously, perpetually wet. The whole 'brain as a sex organ' thing occurred to me again. I had been mentally engaged with the whole day, which made me more physically aware of my senses and my body. It was like the rest of my life I had been asleep. Waking up like this was thrilling.

Once I was done peeing I washed my hands at the sink and looked at myself in the mirror. I looked happy, with a twinkle in my eye. I felt a twinge of guilt. It was so strange to feel this way on this break from real life, and to know that I didn't feel like this the rest of the time. Was it that 'real life' was bleak, or that I had retreated from it until now? In other words, was I miserable before because I didn't engage with my surroundings, or because my surroundings had been miserable?

I shook my head. That was a 'chicken and the egg' kind of situation, and dwelling on it was going to confuse me. Right now, the reality was that I was having the best day in years, if not my whole life, and I wanted it to continue. There might be fallout and consequences later, but dwelling on that would ruin the moment too. For now, there was just now. Tonight, Eve, my body, my feelings. Everything else could wait.

I nodded at myself in the mirror and then left the bathroom, heading back to our table. I saw our waitress there, having a word with Eve. She nodded, and then started to walk away. The pretty redhead had to pass me on her way, and she gave me a warm smile. I smiled back and returned to the table.

"What was that about?" I asked as I sat.

"She was just seeing if we needed anything," Eve said.

"And do we?" I teased.

"I ordered tiramisu for dessert, once we're finished with the entrees."

I smiled. "Nice choice."

We munched and talked for a bit, and Eve kept me at a slow simmer by caressing my thigh under the table on occasion. However, she was surprisingly restrained about it, compared to the rest of the day. I had assumed that she'd have used the semi-private booth to finger me, or make me eat her under the table or something. An entire dinner without anything like that seemed the longest we'd gone without someone orgasming.

I laughed at the idea.

"What's so funny?" Eve said.

"Oh, I just had a silly thought. This has been the longest stretch without an orgasm all day."

Eve smiled. "You said you needed food to get your strength."

"That's right, I did," I replied.

"You're going to need it," she told me.

I felt that inner shiver again, and my pussy went back to being just as wet as before.

***

We finished our dessert and the waitress arrived with our bill. Eve flashed a credit card, and she went away again. Once everything was all settled, Eve glanced at me.

"Come with me to the bathroom?"

"Sure."

We walked down the hallway that was just off the kitchen area, and I followed Eve into the ladies' room. She turned and smiled at me. I smiled back.

Then she pushed me up against the wall, between the sink counter and the door. Her mouth covered mine hungrily, tongue swirling over my lips. I moaned, putting my hands on her hips as she ravaged my mouth lustily. 

"On your knees," she almost growled.

I felt a shiver that ran through my face up to the top of my head, making my whole scalp tingle. I could even feel it in my ears and fingertips. I immediately dropped to my knees on the floor, and Eve lifted her dress as she cupped my head. She pushed me forward, and I pressed my tongue against her wet sex.

It felt so good. I loved how smooth and soft she was, bare, and the taste of her in my mouth. Every time we did this I learned to enjoy it more. I explored her folds and crevices with my tongue, chasing her juices, suckling up her flavour. Her fingers were tight in my short hair, tugging me against her as she rocked her hips.

The sensations were so enthralling I barely heard the door. Then I realized someone had joined us, and I let go of Eve's hips - I had just grabbed hold of them to pull her tighter against my mouth. I tried to pull back, and she pushed me tighter to her slit. I gasped and struggled, as her labia smeared juice across my lips and chin. I couldn't quite get loose, so I looked up with my eyes to see what I could see.

Of course, it was our pretty redheaded waitress. She had slipped through the door and was locking it. There was a sheepish, almost embarrassed expression on her face as she looked down at me, but there was arousal there too. Her eyes were full of that, and I felt a twinge of my own embarrassment and arousal. 

Eve tugged again, pulling me tighter to her wet pussy, and I got the message. I resumed licking, feeling a blush creep up my chest, neck and face. I felt like my head was on fire. Some stranger was watching me lick pussy!

It was bad enough that I had started licking pussy today, when I was married to a man and was supposed to keep my marriage vows. It was even worse that I had been fingered and licked to orgasm multiple times by a woman who wasn't that husband. But that had been my own secret shame. Only Eve had known, and she was complicit in the act, an accomplice. The consequences would be similar for her, as the wife of my husband's boss.

But to be seen by a random, anonymous stranger, to be witnessed in my crime of passion, that was scandalous!

I should have stopped licking Eve's pussy. I should have pushed her away, shoved the girl out of my path, and left the restaurant. I should have run home, jumped into bed, tugged the covers over me and pretended none of it ever happened.

Instead, I licked deeper and faster, prodding Eve's cunt with a stiff tongue, using it like a thrusting penis to fill her pussy up. I dragged it inside her, plunging, using my neck and shoulders. She moaned and whimpered as she rubbed herself wantonly against my face, already sticky with her juices. I kept going.

Because, you see, the scandalous moment had made me even hornier. I didn't know this girl, hadn't even heard if she told us her name while serving our table, but the shame of her watching me lick Eve's bare lips made me flood. It was humiliating and erotic at once. I didn't know why that was, but I couldn't argue with the fact of the experience.

Eve grabbed hold of my head with both hands, grinding against my mouth. She was making this quiet and quick breathy sound, as if she was losing control and trying to maintain it all at once. I licked harder, making sure to drag my tongue over her stiff clit. She humped my mouth and arched her head back. I looked up and I could see the muscles in her arms and tendons in her neck flexing as her entire body tensed and then spasmed. A flood of juices rewarded my licking, and her body shook against me. I grabbed her ass and held her to my suckling mouth as I drank her in.

Eventually she stopped, leaning over me and breathing hard. I lightly caresses her lower back and her legs, waiting for her to calm down. Her juices were all over my lower face. I looked up at the redhead, and saw that she was leaning against the door, eyes on us. She had this glazed, pleasured look, and I realized she had her hand in her black pants, she'd been fingering herself while she watched us. The idea of that made me shiver and blush.

"Hope you enjoyed the show," Eve said to her, winking.

"You ladies come back anytime," the girl said sweetly. She waved at me, smiling softly, and then ducked out of the bathroom. 

***

Eve smoothed out her hair in the mirror. With her dress back in place it looked almost as if nothing had happened. I went to the sink and washed my face and hands.

"Coming?" she asked, at the door.

"I need a minute," I told her. She nodded.

"I'll be at the car."

She swept out. I was alone.

I wiped my face, cupped some water with my hand and drank it. I took a deep breath, and then looked at myself in the mirror.

Unlike Eve's calm demeanour, I looked flushed, my hair was tousled, and my eyes looked wild. There had been arousal and an adrenaline rush as I ate her pussy while the waitress watched. I did my best to get my hair back in order. I sighed, and took a deep breath.

"What are you doing?" I asked the woman in the mirror.

As usual, she didn't answer. I put my head down, hands on the counter, trying to calm myself. My heart was still going at a fast speed, and I felt shaky. Eve had an intoxicating effect on me, one that was making me reckless. That kind of wanton release was thrilling when it was just the two of us alone. But all day we'd been taking this thing, whatever it was, more public. First the mall dressing room, and then the car, and now with an audience in a restaurant bathroom. Those were increasingly risky situations. If this went on, people were going to find out.

I could destroy my marriage.

The world spun for a second, and I got a really sick feeling in my stomach. I moved from the counter to one of the toilet stalls, closing the door behind me and sitting down. I had to put my head down and try to breathe. 

Eve pushed all my boundaries. If things went on, there was a chance I'd see them pushed over a cliff, and at the bottom my marriage would be the wreckage. Today had been passionate and sexy, but was it worth hurting my husband and our kids? I needed to get myself under control.

But the thought of stopping, of telling Eve 'no more', it made my chest hurt. I had never felt things in my life like I had today. I don't mean love, I loved my babies and my husband, this wasn't like that. I barely knew Eve. But the rush, the pleasure, the intense connection, those were entirely new and entirely thrilling experiences. 

I groaned and rubbed my face, and then rubbed my hands together, trying to think, trying to calm down. What was love? For me, there were very few examples. My kids were the brightest ones. I would do anything to keep them safe and happy. They mattered. This situation at the restaurant made me dizzy because it could threaten their safety. I had to be more careful.

So, what about my husband? He hadn't been the most passionate or attentive sexual partner, but he'd been my closest confidante and support for years. I'd never met anyone as kind and loyal. He was reliable. Like warm oatmeal every morning, you could count on him. But life was more than oatmeal.

Eve had introduced me to a buffet of delights today, and I was greedy and wanted more. I just had to find a way to keep it contained, away from the rest of my life. No more public adventures. Then, in private, I could learn more about how I was feeling, who Eve was, and where we fit together. Maybe it was just a fling, maybe it would all be over tomorrow, or maybe there was a chance for more. Even love. But I couldn't count on any of that, I had to deal with today first.

Determined, I took a deep breath and stood up. I left the bathroom and started down the hall, and made my way to the front of the restaurant and out. I marched, with a brisk step, right to the car, where Eve was nonchalantly leaning on the hood, checking her phone. She glanced up as I approached.

"Ready?" she asked.

"Yep," I said, going to the passenger door.

We both got in and as soon as the doors shut, I turned to her, feeling my stomach churn as I snapped.

"Don't you EVER do that to me again! I don't know that girl, but ONE random comment to the wrong co-worker or friend and it could get back to people that know our husbands. How could you be so RECKLESS?"

My hands were clenched, and I felt a throb in my arms and throat to go with the discomfort in my tummy. Apparently that adrenaline rush hadn't quite worn off, and now 'fight or flight' had tipped towards 'fight.' I had never really experienced that before.

"You seem upset," Eve said blithely.

My eyes widened and I almost yelled, "Of COURSE I'm UPSET! I have kids, I can't be seen doing these things!"

"But you enjoyed every second of it, didn't you?" Eve pointed out.

My head spun again. I couldn't deny that. Her interjection knocked my momentum off the rails, I didn't know what to say next. That gave her the chance to talk.

"You're mad, I get it. I like that you're conflicted. I like that so much because it means this isn't just a fantasy for you. This really does simmer under your skin and it really does affect you, and nothing could be more complimentary than that. But you have to remember that life is short, and sometimes brutish and nasty, and I think we're obligated to enjoy as much as possible. I loved being with you today. I want more. Let's explore all of this."

I leaned back in my seat and tried to absorb everything she had just said. I blinked a few times. She waited quietly. I glanced over at her.

"So what are you saying? We could die tomorrow, so let's fuck today?" I asked, and half-laughed, half-scoffed.

"To some extent, yes," she said seriously. "I enjoy you. You enjoy me. We can take that as it comes, each day, and unlock what you hide inside you, underneath your layers and masks. You're right, we took a risk in there, and it was a bit reckless. But doesn't it make you feel more alive?"

I sighed and nodded, blushing fiercely at the admission.

"But we have to be careful," I said.

"Sometimes," Eve shrugged. "Sometimes a calculated risk is worth it. Every part of today, for instance. Totally worth it."

I had to smile a bit at that. 

"Okay."
