 The butch trucker looked at Gina with almost a lost expression as she awaited an answer. She needed Gina with her, the night they had spent together had proven that to her. Donna waited, hoping for the red headed waitress to say yes.

The red headed waitress stood there, mouth agape, a look of total shock on her face. "I can't. Can I? What would they do here at the diner? I have to give them notice, I have to let then find someone to take my place."

Donna's look of disappointment was clear, her smile gone, her whole body seemed to sag. 

Gina saw the change in her, and said, "Don't get me wrong, I want to, in the worst way. I'd love to spend my days and nights with you."

The trucker smiled a weak smile, and said, "I know, you're right, you can't just leave without notice, the people here have been too decent to you. But, I'm leaving this morning, gotta deliver this load, I'll be back this way in three weeks, you know I'll be stopping here when I do."

Gina thought about this, as they headed, arm in arm, back out to the truck. "Does this mean that I've got three weeks to make my choice?" she asked at length.

"That's giving you time enough to think about it, time enough to give notice, time enough to run if you change your mind." Donna said. "But I will be back, that I promise you."

The pretty redhead smiled broadly, and said, "You know my answer will be yes, I can't think of anywhere I'd rather be than by your side."

Donna helped her back up into the truck and then stepped up into it herself. Gina settled down on the bunk and said, "seeing as how you're leaving this morning, how about something for the road?"

The spiky haired trucker grinned, "you don't have to ask me twice!" She sort of pounced on her, grabbing her and rolling her onto her back on the bunk. Donna slipped down and stripped Gina's panties off her yet again. She sniffed the heady scent that told her that Gina was hot and ready even after the morning's fun. She lapped at her wet slit, taking her time, enjoying what would be their last encounter for a few weeks to it's fullest.

Gina arched to meet her familiar touch; reveling in the feelings it gave her. The feelings that spread out from her clit and radiated through her body were familiar yet enthralling. Captivating. The touch she had come to know and love, the touch that would soon again be gone from her life. How could she think about letting her lover drive off into the distance alone?

All too soon, Gina felt the first ripples of her orgasm shoot through her, and Donna was drowned in the sweet nectar of her pussy. The spiky haired trucker didn't stop, but just shifted a bit, and Gina felt the familiar hardness of the little trucker's toy. 

Slowly, Donna slid the full length of the shaft into Gina's hot slit. The uncanny connection she had with it allowing her to feel every movement and vibration as if it were her own flesh and blood. Beads of sweat formed on Donna's face, as she did her best to hold back the rising tide within her. 

She was determined to give Gina something to remember her by for the time it would take her to drop her load and find another to bring her back that way.

Pistoning in and out of her redheaded partners pussy, Donna thought of anything she could to deter her own impending orgasm. She pounded into her, hard and fast, giving her as much as she could take. Gina's orgasms came one on the heels of the last, blending into each other, and keeping her on the crest of a tidal wave. 

The wave broke when Donna could take no more and came with vicious force, screaming as she did. Her scream ended abruptly as blackness engulfed her once again. Moments later, she awoke, again to the feeling of the waitress under her. She immediately rolled off of her onto her back. Slightly embarrassed by what had happened.

Gina rolled onto her side and said, "it's ok. You didn't need to jump like that. I still find it amazing that you feel so much in tune with that strap on. I've never known anyone who could get off like that."

"I am not bothered about that, it's... well it's just that it has been a very long time since I have cum hard enough to pass out like that, and now it has happened twice in a span of hours. You do things to me baby, that I haven't felt in a very long time, and that scares me just a little. I'm leaving here in just a few hours, and that's giving you time to think it over, my luck when I come through here next time, you'll be long gone, or you'll have some local chick, and not be interested in me any more."

Gina looked at her in disbelief, "do you know what you are saying? I have not had another lover since I was dumped in this little town. Hell, I think I'm the only lesbian in this town. Run away? Where would I go? Why would I want to run? I'm ready right now to say yes, and you know I am."

The trucker looked at her and smiled broadly. She grabbed Gina in a tight hug and said, "you know you are something special in my book, and I will be back for you, that you can count on."

They lay in each other's arms for a while, and Gina said at length, "can you take that thing off? I'm not letting you leave without one more chance at you."

Donna laughed, and unclipped her harness, "anything for my girl." She said as she slipped out if it and her jeans. She settled back on the bunk and let Gina have what she wanted. 

Gina's tongue found her clit and flicked feathery light across it using just the tip. She licked the length of Donna's hot slit, gathering the thick cream as she went. Gently sucking, she worked her way back to the trucker's hard clit, and drew it into her mouth. Her tongue worked the folds of the hood, and flicked across the tip at intervals, all the while maintaining a gentle, constant suction.

Donna felt her hot breath, and her tongue as Gina went to work on her. She had never experienced this with any of the other women she had been with. Usually, all they wanted was a quick fuck, and then they were gone. In her mind, she marveled at the lust and desire the young redhead showed for her. While at the same time, reveling in the sensations she was getting from the woman's talented mouth.

All too soon, Gina's experienced mouth had Donna writhing and bucking, near climax, she whimpered, moaned and her hips shot upward. Desperately seeking just that tiny bit extra she needed to send her over the edge.

The first shockwave hit her, radiating out from her clit, sending ripples throughout her body. Gina didn't stop; she stayed right where she was, riding out Donna's climax, gently slowing down the action to her clit, waiting for the first wave to subside. As it did, she picked up her pace again, determined to give her partner something extra to remember her with.

Donna started to protest, but then the feelings were too much and she sank back to the bunk and just let herself go with the feelings. Never had she felt so much erotic pleasure from anyone, and she didn't want to stop it.

Gina continued her play, taking her lover to new heights, bringing her to a second and finally a third mind shattering orgasm. As the waves of the final cum washed over Donna, she knew she had reached her limits, she saw stars and the familiar veil of blackness overtook her.

Donna regained her senses, this time in Gina's' arms, instead of on top of her, and she just snuggled down into them. She said "I can think of no where else I'd rather be, baby. I know I gotta get going here soon, and I'm gonna miss you like mad, but you can bet I will be back this way as soon as I can be."

An hour later, the big black Kenworth pulled out of the parking lot, leaving behind one very lonely waitress, and taking one heartsick trucker farther and farther away.

-------------------------------------------------

Gina paced the lot of the diner where she once worked, it had been 3 weeks and she no longer worked there. She had given her boss her resignation the very day Donna left. She had worked there till they found someone to take her place, and she had given her landlady notice that she would be leaving, even given her extra money for the inconvenience of having to leave on short notice. 

Daylight was waning, and Gina was beginning to feel like a complete fool, when at last the big truck pulled into sight. She could have screamed, as she heard the airbrakes hiss and squeal. The big rig pulled into the parking lot, and a very tired, but jubilant Donna jumped down, leaving the rig idling.

Gina ran and jumped into Donna's arms. Overjoyed at seeing her again, she was at a loss for words. The look in the trucker's eyes said it all, the time, the miles she had driven all slipped away, now that she was back in her lover's arms.

"I guess you missed me, huh?" the trucker said as she untangled herself from her lover. She laughed as Gina tried to hang on. "Easy, baby, I'm here, and I'm not going to disappear on you. It has been a long haul though, I need food, a shower and then I need you and some sleep. How 'bout I buy you dinner?"

"I don't care what you do as long as I never have to be without you again. These last few weeks alone have told me where my heart is, and I can't bear to be parted for so long at a time."

Donna took Gina's hand and led her into the diner. Inside, they sat in the same booth Donna usually took, and when the new waitress came over, she looked at Donna interestedly. "So this is what you been waiting on all this time, Ginny? You dumped your home and your job for her?"

Gina smiled warmly at Donna, and said to the waitress, " Carly, be happy I did, or you would still be running beers at the tavern down the road. This woman has my heart and I will not let anyone degrade her or myself. She is more of a human being than most people will ever know."

Donna sat back and watched the mix of love and fury on her woman's face, marveling that she had never seen that side of her before. Finally, she cut in and said, "I been on the road for about 14 hours now, I need food, if you are going to stand there flapping your jaws, I can find another diner easy enough."

The mousy haired waitress looked crestfallen, the wind torn from her sails, as she said, "I'm sorry, let me take your order, please."

Donna grinned; she had effectively put the waitress back in her place. She looked across the booth at Gina and said, "what would you like, baby?"

Their orders placed, they sat reacquainting themselves, talking as lovers long parted do, holding hands across the table, speaking in low tones. This continued until their food arrived, and Donna, long used to eating fast tore into her plate. Gina ate more slowly, just happy to be back with her lover.

The blonde trucker, finished with her meal, sat back and watched while Gina finished her meal, then waved the waitress over, "coffee, and apple pie if you have any, for both of us." She said.

"You are in luck, there's a fresh apple pie, just out of the oven over there, and I'll get you some. Want anything else?" Carly, the mousy blonde waitress asked, pen at the ready.

"No, that will do it for the moment, thanks." Donna said. The waitress scurried off, getting their pie and coffee. 

Donna settled back to wait, and ran a calloused hand through her spiky hair. She said, "Man I need a shower. This road dust does nothing for me. You interested in joining me after dinner, in the showers?"

Gina blushed slightly at the memory of the last time they were in those showers together. "You know I would love nothing better. Anywhere you are is where I want to be."

Donna smiled again, she had known the answer, but she loved to hear the pretty redhead tell her anyways. Their desert and coffee came at that point, and Donna again tore into her plate, Gina tried to do the same and nearly choked.

Donna laughed, "don't try to keep up with me. I'm used to eating fast, cause most of my life, time has meant money to me. Just take your time."

Gina looked at her with a rueful grin, and slowed down. She said, "I'm not really trying to keep up with you, I just want to finish this and get out back to the showers with you. It's been too long."

Donna grinned at the memories and said, "yes it has been. Now, finish your pie and let's get out of here. By the way, when I pulled in I didn't see any bags or anything, you are going with me aren't you?"

A look of shock registered on Gina's face. "Of course I am! I have my bag out back so no one will run off with it. I don't have much, just my clothes and a few personal things. It all fit in a backpack very easily. I'll get it when we head to the truck."

Donna relaxed visibly. For a moment she had been worried that she had changed her mind or had just switched jobs. "I'm glad you are. I was wondering, and yes even worried that you would think better of it and decide not to come with me."

The red head smiled, and finished her pie, sipped her coffee, and said, "I have thought about nothing else these past few weeks, how could you even dream I'd say no?"

The road wizened trucker laughed and said, "honey, that is the way my luck has been my entire life, I fully expected you to be gone when I came back. But, I'm so glad you weren't." she called the waitress over, and asked for the check. She finished her coffee and stood. She extended a hand to her companion, and dropped a fifty-dollar bill on the table as a tip for the service. She said, "Go on out to the truck, I'll be right there, just let me pay the tab here."

Gina made her way to the truck, within minutes Donna was by her side. She climbed into the rig and finally shut it down, grinning stupidly as she did so. "Was in such a hurry to see you I forgot to shut this thing off." She stepped into the sleeper compartment behind the cab, and rummaged around for her clothes and shower bag. She jumped to the ground and took Gina's waiting hand. Together they walked around back to the showers.

Stepping into the shower room together, Donna dropped her clothes and bag on the bench. She turned and grabbed Gina, drawing her close for a soul-searching kiss. Their tongues met and did battle twirling and chasing back and forth, taking the breath from both women. 

When the kiss broke, Donna dropped her hands to Gina's top, deftly undoing the buttons. She peeled the top back, exposing the tops of Gina's breasts. The trucker rained kisses on them, trailing her lips across the tops of them, savoring the moment. She could feel her partner tremble with need and excitement. 

With tenderness not thought possible from her calloused hands, she removed the bra and cupped the firm mounds of flesh. She lowered her head and nibbled at the sensitive flesh around the nipple. She used her fingers on the other nipple; she brought them both to sharp peaks, begging for attention. She trailed feathery kisses from one breast to the other, taking the other nipple into her mouth, sucking gently on it.

Dropping to her knees in the cool tiled room, Donna released the zipper on Gina's skintight jeans. She peeled them down and was delighted to find nothing stood in her way. She buried her nose in the sweet, musky scent of her lovers mound and worked her tongue into the slit, far enough to find her clit.

Electric shocks tore through Gina as Donna's tongue worked at her nerve center. She could hardly stand, but her strong lover held her, making her feel safe. So great was her need and her lust for Donna, that she came in mere seconds, not hard, but enough to take the edge off.

Donna stood, stripped out of her clothes and stepped into the shower to adjust the water. When it ran hot, she took Gina's hand and stepped under the spray. Together they soaped and rubbed each other. Donna washing away the miles of road dust and Gina just enjoying the feeling of being there with her lover, and the hot spray hitting her.

At length, Donna and Gina stepped from the shower, the short trucker tossing a fluffy towel to Gina and grabbing a second for herself. She dried off and dressed carefully, making sure she looked her best. Gina dried off and dressed, her hair still dripping, she wrapped the towel around it to help keep it from dripping all over her. She wondered at the meticulous care Donna took in dressing, noting that the clothes she put on were new.

Once dressed, the road worn trucker led the way back to her truck. At the truck door, she stopped and fished in the pocket of her jeans. Gina watched, perplexed. She could not understand why her lover would be fishing around in the pockets of a new pair of jeans, when she knew she had not put anything into them.

Donna finally found the item she sought. She pulled it out and dropped to one knee, extending the ring she held to Gina. "Baby, it ain't much, and I don't have a lot to offer you, but I love you and my life is not complete without you. Would you be my wife?"

In shock, tears in her eyes, the redhead threw herself into her lover's arms, kissed her deeply and said "yes, my love, a thousand times yes. I've longed to be by your side, prayed for your safe return every night, dreamed of traveling the roads with you, being there when ever you needed me or wanted me. Yes, baby. There is nothing that would make me happier than to be yours now and forever."

With a whoop of joy, the little trucker grabbed Gina and twirled her around. She put her down, just as the patrons of the diner all rushed out to see what the commotion was. "Folks, it's ok, this beautiful woman beside me just agreed to become my wife." Donna said as she slipped the ring onto Gina's hand. Congratulations rang from all sides, as the two disappeared into the truck.

Once the commotion died down outside, Donna said " how about celebrating our marriage in the most traditional way? How about a honeymoon? Where would you like to go?"

Gina didn't hesitate at all, "to bed, baby. We can think about a new destination in the morning."

Donna laughed and said, "of course, baby, what ever you want." She pulled Gina down on top of her and started by kissing her, deep and long, taking her breath away. When she came up for air, she slowly unbuttoned Gina's top, taking her time, teasing her. They had all night, and she was in no rush. She wanted this first night of their life together to be unforgettable, as Gina herself was to the trucker.

Her tongue lashed the flesh of Gina's breasts, trailing gooseflesh in its wake. She undid the clasp of her bra, seeking the turgid nipples hiding within. Sucking on them in turn she brought whimpers of pleasure to her lover.

Gina whispered "don't stop, baby, don't ever stop."

Donna answered by sucking harder, and running a free hand up into her hair. She grasped a handful and held her tight. Slipping further down her body; she released the zipper on Gina's tight jeans. The first electric touch of Donna's fingers on the flesh of her flat belly causes Gina to arch and squirm. Longing for, needing to feel her lover deep within her, she continued to thrash. Donna took her time, slowly building the need her lover felt to a fever pitch.

She peeled the jeans down, and stood to quickly remove them. She stripped out of her own clothes, and lay back down beside her lover. The erotic feel of skin on skin brought even more pleasure to the supine redhead. She squirmed and wriggled, trying to feel all of Donna's slight, muscular body at once.

Donna still took her time; idly teasing Gina with little caresses and nibbles. Trailing kisses and nibbles down her belly, and down each inner thigh. She avoided her pussy completely, making her lover moan in frustration and need.

Finally when Gina thought she could not take another second of the blissful teasing, Donna buried her face in her gushing slit. Her tongue working fast and gently, she lapped up the cream that was gathered in the folds. Each long stroke of her tongue ended with a flick of her clit, soliciting quiet moans of pleasure from Gina.
