 “What kind of name is Chenise, anyway?” 

Chenise smiled, and didn’t answer momentarily. Then she stepped out of her panties, aware that Miriam’s eyes flickered to them, and lowered herself onto Miriam’s chair facing her, knees on either side of Miriam’s thighs. Her face – those wonderful, deep, unwavering brown eyes flecked (with just a trace of sadness?) – was inches away. “It’s just the name of a girl who’s with you. Who wants to be with you.” She reached forward and took a trail of Miriam’s hair between her fingers. “I so wanted to be blonde when I was a girl.”

How could this girl be so overtly sexual one moment, and so little-girl-lost the next? Miriam lowered her cheek to one side, placed it tenderly into the palm of Chenise’s hand. “You’re beautiful just the way you are, Chenise. You know you are.” For long moments they stayed like that, sun setting away now, the two women exploring the first hesitant moments of touch.

“How did you become a hooker?”

Chenise smiled. “You know how many times I’ve been asked that? Besides – it’s a long story.”

“I have all night”, Miriam murmured.

“Do you?” Chenise looked into Miriam’s eyes through locks of hair that had fallen forward, and Miriam was aware that their breasts were brushing together. Was Chenise doing it consciously?, she wondered.

Chemise suddenly pulled back, placed her hands behind her, palms down on Miriam’s knees, apparently unaware that it pressed her breasts forward. “After I left school I struggled to get a job. It was the same for many of us, but my father had left years before, and you know my mother could barely make it alone.

“Anyway – I was at a party one afternoon; I had sort of gate-crashed with some friends. The party was WAY too rich for my blood – two brothers were throwing a bash while their parents were in Europe. That gives you some idea of how wealthy they were. We were just glad to get to the free booze and the pool and the Jacuzzi.

“The party went through into the night, and the brothers were really nice to me, made sure I was being looked after.” She laughed. “I was so naïve. The crowd disappeared, my friends disappeared, but these guys were there, you know, and suggesting I didn’t leave yet. So at some point there were just four of us, these brothers and two of us girls. I thought the other girl was a girlfriend, but I realised pretty quickly I was wrong!”

“What was the other girl’s name?” asked Miriam. 

Chenise paused. “Do you know I can’t remember? Of all the things I learned that night, that’s the one thing I’ve forgotten.”

Chenise adjusted herself more comfortably on Miriam’s knees. “You alright like this? I’m not hurting you, am I?”

Miriam shook her head. “No – you’re not hurting me. What did you learn that night?”

Chenise absently lifted one hand and adjusted the collar of Miriam’s formal business blouse as she spoke. It was the intimate gesture of two women who had attained some level of communication and trust.

“We were all sitting around inside, in this large open sort of lounge. I had definitely had too much to drink, but I wasn’t drunk or anything. Just tipsy. And the one brother says – It’s time to compare your tits. Just like that. So – what do you do? We laughed at the guys and said thanks but no thanks. The other girl told them to get fucked. We both stood up, but the guy suddenly pulls out a wallet of money.

“I had never seen so much money on one wallet before. I had never seen so much money period. I mean, he just peeled off these notes and dropped them on the table. And he watched us watching this money fall. Eventually the other girl said – I told you: Fuck you. She looks at me and starts to walk for the door. She says: you coming?

“But I kept on watching that money, and I didn’t move. She waited for a moment, then said: you know what you are, don’t you? And she was right, of course. In that moment we all knew.” There was no self-pity in Chenise’s voice, just insight and acceptance. 

“So she stormed out and I was standing there, with these two brothers and this pile of money.”

“And then?”

“The one brother said – for that amount of money we want to see a lot more than tits, honey. Some guys are like that, you know – especially when they’re in a group. They like to use those words – tits, pussy, ass, bitch.” Her hand had slipped down to Miriam’s top blouse button now, and she unbuttoned it almost absent-mindedly, then slipped her hand under the fabric, flat palm splayed against Miriam’s chest, not yet touching the mounds of her breasts. She leaned forward, up close, intimate, nuzzling Miriam’s cheek, whispering in her ear. “And they love the word cunt.” Chenise’s tongue slipped out, found the rim of Miriam’s ear, circled it achingly slowly. “They love to make you use it.” Chenise’s hips had started an imperceptible movement, the two women’s thighs rubbing together. “Tonight I’m going to take you out of your panties, open you legs, touch your cunt.”

Miriam’s mouth was dry, she knew that her breathing had changed, sensed a heat, a moisture. She had no idea whether Chenise was continuing her story, or talking to her directly. “That was the first night I was just an object. They stripped me, photographed me, touched me, fucked me. Everywhere.”

“You mean all over the house?” Miriam’s voice was hoarse, forced.

“I mean they fucked me everywhere.” Chenise’s mouth was against Miriam’s, not kissing, lips just touching as she spoke, their eyes open and sharing truths. A soft kiss. “Two men, undressing me, stripping themselves. Me on my knees at first, two cocks against my lips, pressing into my mouth.” 

Hands in hair, stroking, tongue circling Miriam’s lips softly. “Then pushed back onto a table, and held back while the first brother explored my …”, she paused, smiling, watching Miriam’s eyes, “ ….cunt. Kissing it, fingering it, touching it.” Chenises’ tongue flickered momentarily into Miriam’s mouth. “Licking it. Licking my cunt while his brother watched, and fed me his cock.”

Chenise leaned forward purposefully, breasts now pressed together so that Miriam swore she could feel a beat. Was it Chenise’s heart? Hers? And now the women kissed, Miriam relinquishing whatever control she had retained. Chenise’s lips were alternatively soft, tender, demanding, her body pressing forward with a lust that caught Miriam’s breath. The image of this girl, this beautiful, wonderful sexy girl lying back, arms held, legs open, hips straining towards a searching tongue – why was this such an erotic vision? They consumed each other, lips, eyes, fingers exploring faces.

And then, after a lifetime, Chenise drew back, tilted her head to one side flirtatiously, smiled with an intimate honesty. “There’s still a lot of wine left, Miriam. And lots of story to tell.”

Miriam leaned back, head pressed into the chair. She had never wanted to share intimacy so quickly before. What was it about this woman? 

“Are we going to share the wine, share the bath, share the night…?”

Miriam could only nod, not trusting to words at this moment.

Chenise put out one forefinger, touching it tenderly to Miriam’s lips. “You have never kissed a girl before, have you?”

Miriam didn’t need to shake her head – Chenise knew. And then she closed her eyes and caught her breath as Chenise leaned forward to whisper in her ear: “My little girl cunt is wet for you, Miriam.” She kissed Miriam’s eyelids. “So come bath with me, and then I’ll show you what little girls taste like.”