 This story is my property and cannot be copied or distributed without my express permission. Names have been changed to protect the guilty and the not-so-innocent.

*

This last month has been exciting and confusing. My relationship with Annie has been very educational although I'm not sure my very catholic parents would approve of the curriculum.

Annie and I had been sharing a bed for the past few weeks and I woke up with a warm naked body snuggled up behind me. I rolled over and looked into her sparkling black eyes.

"Good morning stretch," I murmured to her as I stretched my arms and legs.

Annie kissed me gently on the lips and ran her fingers down my ribs which caused me to giggle wildly.

"Please don't do that," I gasped as my body shook with laughter.

"You mean this?" said Annie as she tickled me just above my hip bone. She rolled herself half on top of me and tickled me even more as I laughed and gasped under her.

I begged her to stop but she wouldn't so l tried squirming free from her. Well that only made her tickle me more! Realizing that Annie probably outweighed me by at least 30 pounds I changed tactics and tried tickling her back. 

We had the mother of all tickle fights for about ten minutes then stopped and lay on the bed gasping and giggling.

"So have you decided what you're going to wear to the Halloween party tonight Kiki?" Annie asked as she caressed my small breast.

"Oh fuck! I forgot all about it! Can you help me Annie?" I said as I jumped from our bed.

Annie told me not to panic as she started going through my dresser. She found my old school uniform which I had forgotten about totally. 

"Oh no. No, no, no! Not that," I said. Cringing at the thought of me looking like I was twelve again.

Annie looked at me mischievously and told me when she was done with me I'd be the sluttiest schoolgirl at the party.

So she got me to put on the skirt and white blouse, and asked me if I still had the white knee socks to match. I told her to check my panty drawer.

Annie pulled out my shirt tails and tied them into a knot just under my pert braless breasts. Then she grabbed a dollop of my hair wax and tousled my hair into a spiky mess.

"So what should I wear underneath," I asked.

Annie chuckled evilly and said nothing. 

"Nuh uh no way," I said, "my ass is hanging out of this skirt!"

"I know," she replied. "That's the whole point my sexy little slut. I'm going as your headmistress tonight silly."

"I don't like the sound of that," I said with a naughty grin. "You're not going to spank me or anything are you?"

"That depends on how you behave short stuff"

While I was concerned that Annie had something up her sleeve, I was also excited for what might be in store for me at the party. 

Annie slipped her hand under my schoolgirl skirt and ran her fingers up the inside of my thighs, feeling the wetness that was oozing out of my slushy pussy.

"God Chiara are you always horny? You're dripping juice like a leaky faucet" Annie chuckled.

"Only when you're around" I said.

Annie pushed me back towards the bed and made me lay down again. She straddled my face an took my sensitive pussy lips into her mouth while my tongue snaked into her wet gash, lapping up her nectar and nipping her clit. Well that sent Annie over the edge and she came screaming as I sucked her cunt dry. My orgasm was close behind Annie's and I bucked and squirted pussy juice all over the bed, Annie and myself.

-----

We arrived at the party, me in my little schoolgirl outfit with no bra and panties, my nipples pressing hard against my sheer white blouse. Annie wore a tight white blouse and a longer black skirt with fishnet stockings and garter. God I just wanted to lick her all over!

My pussy had been wet the whole walk over from our dorm and I was vibrating with excitement. Annie had given me a small egg-shaped thingy to put into my pussy before we went in. I thought it might have been a little vibrator but it didn't have any switches. It felt kinda weird having that little egg floating around in me but I trusted Annie to keep me out of too much trouble.

The party had been going on for a few hours and I was feeling pretty good. I'd had a few beers and shooters and even smoked a joint with a couple of guys from my class. I was standing with one of them when suddenly I felt this buzzing between my legs. My knees buckled and my pussy grew instantly wet. I grabbed onto the guy and moaned softly as that little silver egg rattled around in my hot little pussy. It only lasted less than a minute, but it was enough to have my juices coating my inner thighs. I looked around the room and saw Annie fiddling with her 'pen' and grinning wickedly at me.

A little later I was out in the backyard, dancing to the music blaring from the stereo system when I felt that fucking little egg go off again. I dropped to my knees and my fingers instantly sought out my clit. One of the girls I had been dancing with grabbed me and took me inside. My finger was still massaging my clit as the bug in me brought me closer to orgasm. People were looking at me as if I was on drugs or something. I didn't care, I just wanted to cum! As quick as it started the bug died and I was shaking with pent up sexual frustration.

I eventually calmed down and it seemed like Annie was going to give me a break, or at least I hoped so because my near orgasms were getting a bit much. 

I was wandering through the frat house, trying to stay out of range of Annie's pussy-zapper when I bumped into this absolutely gorgeous guy who was dressed up as Zorro. He was about 6'2" dark hair and eyes and rock solid build. I know because when we collided I bounced back and he stood like a statue.

"Oh god I'm so sorry!" I said as I tried to brush my spilled beer from his black silk shirt.

"No little lady it was my fault," he replied in a deep sexy voice. "I came around that corner too fast."

I could feel myself getting wet and it had nothing to do with that damned egg inside me. This guy was totally hot and he looked like he was checking me out!

"Are you even old enough to be here miss?" He asked.

"Yeah I am, I'm a junior here, and I'm 18," I responded as haughtily as I could.

"Ohh you're a little firecracker aren't you? My name is Marc by the way." 

Before I could respond I felt the egg start to vibrate my pussy again. I knew this time Annie was going to make me cum and there was nothing I could do to stop her. I started shaking and my knees were buckling again. The only thing I could do was grab onto the hunk in front of me and ride this one out.

"Ohhhh, fuck no not now, please stop. Noo oh god no not now!" I wailed softly to myself.

Marc, not knowing what was happening held me up and asked if I needed help and looked at me with a deeply concerned expression.

My eyes were glazing over as pure unbridled passion ripped through me and exploded from my gushing pussy. I grabbed Marc and kissed him hard and long, my tongue invading his surprised mouth. I pulled his hand down to my small aching breasts, showing him how aroused I was, not caring that I was doing this in a crowded room of mostly strangers.

After that I don't remember much of anything. I think I fainted or something. The next thing I remember is Annie and Marc both leaning over me looking really scared. Annie was apologizing over and over and Marc was holding my hand and stroking it softly.

"God Kiki I'm so sorry! I didn't mean for this to happen. Please forgive me honey." Annie murmured into my ear.

"What happened Annie? God my stomach and pussy feel like I've been fucked brainless." I said as I rubbed my aching midsection.

Annie looked chagrined and explained that her toy had malfunctioned and wouldn't shut off. When she realized what was happening she ran across the room and her and Marc hustled me into a bedroom where they tried to pull the demon egg from my spasming pussy. Marc was finally able to pop it out of my quivering gash and I fainted again due to carnal exhaustion.

"Uhm Kiki? Chiara? I'm sorry if I hurt you trying to get that little thingy out of you. I tried to be as gentle as possible but you were flailing around quite a bit." Marc said softly.

Marc ran his fingers through my short pixie-cut hair and grinned at me. I reached up and caressed his cheek.

"Thank you for saving me Zorro. I didn't know having an orgasm was a fate worse than death until now though."

Marc laughed and said I certainly had an interesting way of introducing myself to people. He leaned toward me and our lips brushed lightly at first then joined with more heat as our bodies responded to our pent up emotions.

Annie saw the look pass between Marc and I and quietly left the room, a knowing grin growing on her face.