 Shay could not sleep. Chocolate probably wouldn't help matters, she reasoned. Nevertheless, it called to her as she stood in front of the open fridge. She snapped two pieces off, enjoying the chilled air against her hot-night skin. As the first piece began to melt against her tongue, she padded back into the bedroom, letting her eyes wander slowly across the curves of her sleeping lover. Shay swallowed heavily. 

The curtains billowed as a gentle breeze moved through the open window. It brushed at her bare nipples as she gently pulled the cotton sheet down over her lover's tanned thighs. Fair's fair – if she could not sleep then neither would Becky! Shay then knelt at the base of the bed with the remaining chocolate melting between her finger and thumb. She smiled to herself and ever so gently parted Becky's legs by drawing her left knee outwards as she slept soundly on her back. Shay would never bore of the sight of that pussy – it was pure perfection. Plump, bare and pale pink on the outside, it was neat and compact until encouraged to open to a gentle touch. 

Tonight, that encouragement came in the form of a cold, melting piece of chocolate planted firmly between the folds of skin that gave way to Becky's tiny clit. The girl gasped gently in her sleepy state, her pert chest rising as she squirmed at the hips. Becky's tendency to squirm during sex had always amused Shay – she had done it ever since they met in University. It was one of the quirks she loved about her; she was a stunner, but it was her personality that was to die for. Shay snapped back to reality and applied more pressure as the chocolate melted and spread towards her lover's entrance. Her glossy black hair fluttered across Becky's soft thighs in the summer breeze. An amused little hum from the top of the bed let her know her lover was now more conscious than asleep and she whispered teasingly, "Hello sweetheart" before firmly placing her mouth over the chocolate and pressing her tongue against the sweetened swelling clit below. Becky's hips bucked from the bed and she groaned in ecstasy as Shay firmly tucked her arms under and around her thighs, spreading her wide and lapping the chocolate from the perfect pussy. She moved over it with long strokes of her tongue, clit to entrance and back again. The chocolate created friction and heat, resulting in an intense assault of the girl's senses, especially considering she had been asleep only moments ago. 

When Shay had had her fill, she moved her body upwards over her writhing lover's, planting a kiss on Becky's mouth and giving up the chocolate secret. "Devious" Becky whispered as Shay moved downwards once more. She nipped pink nipples, tugged at the belly ring and blew over wet kisses left on bare skin. Becky lifted her knees slightly towards her chest, and Shay decided not to tease her, knowing exactly what her gorgeous girl wanted. She expertly eased her finger into Becky's entrance, curling it in a beckoning motion and almost instantly connecting with her g-spot. She revelled in Becky's reaction, with her usual whimpering and tossing of her head from side to side. The little whimpers sent shocks to Shay's pussy and she felt herself moisten instantly at the idea of Becky loosing control to her own hands. She stroked the girl's tummy with her free hand and made soothing noises, "Relax baby, let it happen", kissing lightly around her open thighs and rounded ass cheeks. 

Becky steadied her breathing and obediently relaxed into Shay's touch, at which point Shay increased the pressure and quickened her stroke. Their lovemaking was relaxed and graceful, and Shay took in the beautiful sight of Becky's writhing body, covered in a light sheen of sweat, before dipping her mouth to bring Becky over the edge once and for all. Her finger continued its stroking as she gently pushed her tongue into the space below Becky's entrance. Becky gasped but then relaxed as Shay ever so slowly prodded between her cheeks, eventually parting them with her free fingers for full access. Shay felt her lover respond pushing against her tongue and groaning with just the right mix of pleasure and discomfort. She then clenched and stiffened, spilling over into an orgasm, locking onto Shay's finger and grabbing at her head as she moaned deeply, collapsing back against the mattress.

Shay breathed in the heady scent of chocolate mixing with Becky's cum before bundling her languid lover into her arms for a cuddle and a kiss. "My good girl" she whispered into Becky's hair; "I love it when you come for me like that". She held the girl close and smiled to herself. She sure had been right – she just knew the chocolate would keep her awake!