 For InPennyInPound. Thank you for your insight...for everything.

SSW

FOREWARNING: The story that follows is a BDSM scene between a butch and a femme. The word "cock" is used multiple times, but always in reference to a strap-on. So please don't get your panties in a bind.

***

{HER}

In a mostly-darkened room, you're on your knees on a folded quilt. I'm standing in front of you in jeans but no shirt. You're looking up at me as I gaze at your face, letting my fingertips brush across your lips before reaching down and twisting your hair into my fist.

Deliberately, I control the direction of your head, listening to your soft whimpers. Pulling upwards, which forces your eyes to travel from my face, down my bare chest, across my stomach, and then finally straight-on at the obvious bulge in the crotch of my jeans. Forwards now, causing you to brush your lips against that bulge. Then backwards while I unbutton my jeans and lower my zipper.

I love it when you bite that bottom lip. It makes me growl. "Remember how you said you wanted a sweet treat? Well, you've been such a good girl."

Grinning, I watch your hands clench and unclench when I reach into my boxer briefs to pull out my strap-on cock. Once free, I reach for the bottle of chocolate syrup on the table and begin to drizzle it along the length until I'm satisfied. Gripping your hair still, I pull your lips to the head and move my cock from side to side, smearing the sauce over your mouth.

"Lick it off."

I watch while your tongue slips out, twirling around the head. I can feel you attempting to pull yourself forward, but I give your hair a sharp yank and grin at the whimpering sound you make. I lick my own lips at how your tongue hungrily laps at the dark sweetness dripping off the head of my cock. Feeling something deep inside me twitch at the sight.

Finally, I guide your lips so very slowly down one side until you reach the open zipper of my jeans. God, you look so fucking hot lapping at my chocolate-glazed cock. Controlling your every move with my fist in your hair. When I see you've gotten most of the chocolate off that side, I guide your sugary-coated lips to the other, repeating the motions.

It takes every bit of control I have not to turn you around and push your face towards the ground with one hand between your shoulder blades. Holding you down and in place, the other gripping your hip as I slide deep into that soaked pussy.

Once I see the other side is reasonably cleaned off, I guide your tongue to the underside starting at the base. "Lay your tongue flat on my cock, girl."

At your obedience, I tug your hair again, forcing your tongue to drag along the underside until you reach the tip. I pull your face away from my cock. When you lick your lips, I drizzle some more syrup round the head and along the length. I can feel you trembling, your eyes never leaving my crotch.

"Place your hands on my hips." At the feeling of your fingers gripping my upper thighs, reaching higher, I tell you, "Look at me, baby girl."

Your eyes meet mine.

"I'm going to fuck your mouth now. If you need to stop, tap my leg twice. Do you understand?"

You start to nod, but a yank to your hair stops it.

"Say it."

"Yes. I will tap your leg twice, Syr."

I give a small smile. "Good girl. Open your mouth."

You lick your lips and obey.

Pulling your head towards me, I watch my cock slide between those sexy lips. Not for the first time, I wish my cock was real so I could see if the feeling was as good as the visual.

Holding your head in place by your hair, I begin to fuck that mouth with slow, shallow thrusts.

###

{me}

My mind has gone to that special place of ecstasy it always does when we're together. Sub space, you call it. When I'm not cuddled up against your warm body, it's the place I prefer to be with you. I can feel you...smell you...hear you. Like you're inside of me—part of me—yet outside of me, too. And I feel weightless.

Today, I feel the same, although all of my weight is perfectly centered while I kneel before you, letting you fuck my mouth. Because I am the one in control. I trust you, therefore I have handed the power of me over to you. And only you.

Your hands are tight in my hair. Gentle yet dominating. I can feel your fingers clenching and releasing against my scalp just as mine are doing on your upper thighs. Beneath me, my knees are spread wide, my pussy bared to the cooler air of the room. Pulsing. Weeping. My breasts ache for attention as well above, bouncing from my attempts to breathe steadily through my nose while my body jars slightly at each thrust from you. And further up, my eyes are on yours. My peripheral vision catches the clenching of your jaw. How your own chest heaves.

You finally give me a break and pull out. The absence of your cock between my lips makes me whimper. Your grin is mischievous yet understanding. You know exactly what you do to me. A caress of your fingers down my cheek makes me close my eyes...press into your touch. I love your touch, wherever it is on my body, but especially on my face. It reminds me that no matter what you do to me, you care.

Without a word, you help me lie back on the quilt. I watch through half-lidded eyes while you undress and your gaze travels down my body from tit to clit. I follow your tongue as you lick your lips. Mirroring you with my own tongue on my lips.

I moan when you reach for the syrup bottle again. Shivers ensue while you drizzle the chocolate from the cleft of my pussy all the way up to the valley between my heaving breasts. Circling each swollen mound in ever-widening arcs. I can't stop worrying my lower lip. And then my body arches in a gasp when your mouth descends. I can't see it, but I can definitely feel your teeth then your lips enclose my clit. Then I'm panting at your tongue lapping at my skin on your ascent to my chocolate-covered breasts, my nipples hard at the center, like a cherry topping a Papa Bear sundae.

Once you've reached your goal, I finally get mine as well. Your hands envelop each breast, squeezing and caressing while your tongue teases and suckles your prize. Our moans combine, and my legs spread wider, accommodating you. I can feel your cock resting against my pussy, which is sopping by now. You know it, because you grin against my breast, nipping with your teeth, teasing me by moving your hips so the cockhead sweeps against my swollen lips...pressing slightly but never enough.

When I reach to bury my fingers in your hair, you gather my wrists above my head and hold me still. Teasing me more down below. But giving me some respite by kissing me hard, your tongue taking control of my mouth now. Beneath you, I whimper...writhe...sink deeper into that space.

You suddenly release me, flipping me onto my stomach. Gasping, I know to get on my knees and bring them up and apart as far as possible. Before I can even take a deep breath once I'm in position, you push my face into the quilt. One hand presses between my shoulder blades, holding me down. The other grips my hip while you slide into my soaked pussy for a few strokes, digging deep before pulling all the way back and starting over again.

I can still taste the remnants of chocolate sauce from your kiss...sucking your cock. The same cock that just backed off and is now ever-so-slowly plunging into me from behind with the same shallow thrusts that you did to my mouth only minutes ago. I moan at the way you leave me wanting.

The heat of your body combines with mine. Sweat on sweat. You increase and decrease your speed, taking me to the brink each time but not letting me topple over.

I bite my lip to quell my cries. It's right there. I can almost feel it. Clawing at the quilt now, I whimper, "Please, Syr! Please!"

"Yes, baby girl?" Your fingers on my hip and upper back flex, gripping and pressing harder.

"Please, Syr! May I come?"

"Well, you have been a good girl..." you say, but you don't let up on stroking into me. Teasing me. Torturing me. Pleasing me.

###

{HER}

My fingers dig into your hip and between your shoulder blades for just a moment as I feel another shiver crawl up my spine at the sound of your whimpering pleas. Gritting my teeth...growling, I pick up the pace of my thrusting. Looking down to see the unbelievably sexy sight of the cock disappearing into your pussy, only to reappear coated with your cream.

Over and over I thrust. Going deeper with each inward push. Feeling my own pussy swell and begin to leak while I hungrily feast my eyes on the beautiful sight below me.

Coming back to the moment, I realize you're asking...no, pleading to come.

I can feel the tremors beneath your sweat-soaked skin causing my own pussy to clench yet again. Leaning over you while I continue to pound, the strap smacks your ass cheeks every time I bottom out.

"Come for me. Come all over my cock," I growl to you when I release my hold on your upper back. Only to bring my hand back then down in a sweeping arch. Landing my palm squarely on your ass cheek with a loud slap just as I feel the first violent shiver course through your body at my words.

You scream my name. Cussing it.

"That's it, baby girl. Let it all out..."

I grunt, keeping the cock seated deep inside you while you ride through your orgasm. My only movement being a slow, circular grind of my hips to keep the cockhead moving inside your spasming pussy. Fighting to control my own need for the moment. Panting while I watch you writhe beneath me. Letting my fingertips glide over your sweat-covered skin, I smile softly at your body involuntarily twitching when my fingers find an especially sensitive spot.

Slowly pulling back when your body begins to calm, I watch the cock slide out with a soft, wet sound. I lick my lips at the sight of your pussy hole gaping then clenching, begging to be filled again.

Growling, I reach down and gently turn you over onto your back, unsnapping the buckles to the strap before I lower myself down beside you. Pull you flush with my own body. I can feel your heartbeat pounding just beneath your skin. Your panting breath against my small chest.

With a smile, I lay a kiss against your sweaty forehead and murmur, "Such a good girl."

Another kiss follows my words of praise. My smile widens when I feel you squirm against me, burying your face against my neck. Tightening my arms around you, I throw one leg over your hip to cocoon you even more.

Even though I can feel my own wetness coating my thighs—the pulsing of my pussy—I'm determined to make you relaxed and comfortable for this moment.

It's your first time, after all...eating another woman. So far, I've only pleasured you. Because you deserve it as my submissive. But tonight?

A slow grin spreads across my lips at that thought, and I place another kiss against your sweaty, dampened hair. I feel more than hear you inhale deeply. Releasing your ragged breath against my neck. An involuntarily shiver causes my muscles to twitch at the sensation. 

My fingers ache to claim you again, to show you so much more. Your squirming body slows but never completely stops moving. With every contact of our skin, I grow hungrier to push you to the next level. Suddenly, I feel those lips—so soft and full—slide across the skin of my neck. Growling, I stretch, forcing my thigh in between yours. Letting my hands caress your curves while I press up into your heat. Loving the way you instinctively grind your pussy on my leg.

"Keep that up, and you'll be getting more then you expected."

At the sound of your moan, I lose it. Gripping your hair and pulling your lips to mine, I kiss you intensely. Easing you onto your back. Coming up for air only to see that mischievous glint in your eyes that had drawn me in from the first moment you'd said "hello."

Arching my brow, I trace my finger along your bottom lip only to feel your wet tongue slide along the tip of my finger. "Fucking tease. You sure you want to test me?"

I am mesmerized by the sight and feel of your tongue lightly licking and sucking now while you undulate your hips, grinding harder against my thigh.

Your lips turn up into a soft grin, and you whisper around my finger, "Bring it," giving my finger a good suck to drive home your dare.

Growling louder, I pull my hand away. Skimming the pads of my fingers over your skin on their downward journey, barely touching you. Licking my lips at the way you squirm and twitch when they hit a particularly sensitive spot. I can feel your quickening breaths, soft pants interspersed with whimpers that cause my pussy to spasm. Finally, I reach my destination.

With a grin, I watch realization dawn on your face that I'm not letting up with my thigh. That instead, I'm easing two of my fingers into my own wet pussy.

Closing my eyes for a moment, I slide my fingers deeper inside, clenching them with a groan. But my eyes shoot open when I feel your hands fisting my short hair, pulling my lips to yours.

You kiss me deeply. Almost with desperation, it seems, because your hips pick up speed...your pussy coating my thigh with your slick fluids now.

I get lost in the moment, immersing myself in the different sensations. Your lips and tongue against my own. The damp heat of your pussy against my thigh. My fingers slowly fucking myself while my muscles clench on them. The sounds of our moans and wet pussies filling the air around us.

Finally, I pull back to gasp for much-needed oxygen, spasming around my fingers when I hear you whimper in protest.

Your eyes are so glazed with desire, I nearly come right then.

Sliding my slickened fingers from my pussy, I brush them against your bottom lip. Groaning while I watch your tongue instinctively lick up the wetness left there. God, you're so sexy when your eyes go wide with surprise then dark with need.

Pressing my wet fingers to your lips, I slide them into your mouth when you open for me. Growling at the feeling of your tongue eagerly lapping and sucking my cream clean.

"Fuck!" Taking a deep breath, my exhale comes out as an animalistic growl. The beast aching to break free. But not yet. It's time for something more important. "I'm going to straddle your face, and you're going to lick me until I cum, girl."

###

{me}

My brain is floating in a sea of bliss. The semi-darkness of the room aids in the surreal atmosphere. I have sensations, but they are distorted. I feel...ethereal. No control over my body.

Your words—your sounds—they guide me, like a master directing a puppet.

I know I'm still on my back, but your fingers at my mouth disappear. The pressure between my legs is gone, as well, making me whimper. Your soft chuckle reverberates in my head and travels downward. My neck arches in response, my jaw dropping with a gasp. The sound settles in my chest.

Slight dampness touches my belly before your knees brush my arms at my sides. My breasts heave at your command finally registering between my ears. Then heat—slightly spicy in scent—caresses my chin. My tongue flickers out, grazing your swollen lips.

I smile drowsily at your "fuck!" and then whimper at the sudden absence of the heat.

I don't need to be fully cognizant to know you're kneeling over my face...straddling me just as you said you would. My hands automatically reach up, finding your thighs. Sliding up the outsides, barely touching your skin—just like you did to me minutes earlier—while the heat returns. Disappears again.

In my addled brain, I know you're fucking with me. Probably grinning yourself. Enjoying my reactions.

The heat returns once more but stays this time. Your legs tremble, touching my palms. I grip your thighs finally, feeling goosebumps prickling your skin. I can feel you rocking forward, hearing your gasps when I lash out my tongue, dragging it along the length outside of your pussy.

Hands on your ass now, squeezing, pulling you closer to my mouth. Salivating but holding my desire at bay. Somehow finding a surge of clarity, regaining control of my body and mind.

Taking you off guard, I grab your hips again and roll, landing with you down on the quilt now. Your cry of surprise morphs into a low moan when I press your knees apart, licking my lips...my grin wide and mischievous.

"Don't. Fucking. Move," I growl.

At your muffled moan, I get up on wobbly legs and head to the fridge.

Your hiss makes me tremble even more. "Fuck, little one. Your ass...mmm."

I wiggle said ass and glance back at you over my shoulder. You're biting your lip. I blow you a kiss. Retrieving the desired items in a bowl and placing a hand towel over them, I return to kneel between your legs. Smirking when you start to raise up on your elbows.

"Do I need to restrain you, Syr?"

Your twisted mouth and narrowed eyes indicate you realize I'm topping from the bottom. That you're considering if you're going to let me get away with it. For a moment, I don't think you will. But maybe because it's my first time, you're lenient. You give me a quick shake of your head and lie back, seeming to relax...at least a little. Your eyes shift to where my hands move beside me. One eyebrow goes up, your mouth opening.

"Don't worry. I will be licking you until you cum. I'm just taking a...detour. You do consider me a brat. Wouldn't want to disappoint."

The corner of your mouth arches now. You're rubbing the fingers of your left hand together while your hand rests on the quilt.

That makes me grin wider. I know your tells. You may be on the fence of me topping, but you're definitely in the zone.

I hold up a bottle and turn it to face you. Caramel sundae sauce with a pointed tip to allow ease of control. At your deep groan...the way your knees sway and your hands now fist at your hips, I close my eyes for a moment. Telling myself I can do this. I lick my lips and swallow...hard. Then I stare at you. The darkness in your eyes that glimmers each time you blink. It makes my chest swell with pride that I can turn you on so much. Especially when I'm in charge.

"No touching, Syr," I manage to say, though my voice is raspy.

My hands shake when I remove the tiny top and invert the bottle. Circling it over each of your nipples, I draw an expanding curlicue. Then I draw a squiggly line from the top of your cleavage down between your breasts to your belly button. Swirling the sauce there the same as I did on your nipples. Mirroring what you did on me with chocolate syrup.

Your breasts jiggle slightly with each shallow breath. Hands clenching and releasing more now. Lower lip red where your teeth have hold.

At your hips, I make a wide back-and-forth pattern from side to side, getting narrower the closer I get to your mound.

Your hips jerk slightly. "Fucking hell, girl!"

"Don't mess up my design," I mumble, feeling my pussy clench, my nipples ache. This is as much torture for myself as it is for you.

Waiting until my hand steadies again, I dribble the bottle's contents down over your cleft. Spread your lips with my thumb and forefinger. Adding a dollop to your clit.

Setting the bottle aside, I press your knees further apart with my arms and lean down, my knees to my chest. Eyes on your face, I see your tongue flicking at your top lip now. Simulating what you want me to do to you but down below. With a grin, I obey and suck your clit into my mouth, caramel and all.

Your cry of my name as you thrust your hips hard is music to my ears.

A hint of your musky arousal is mixed in with the sweetness of the sauce on my tongue. I have to close my eyes for a moment to swallow. Set my mind straight.

Your mouth is pressed tight when I look at your face again.

I waggle my eyebrows at you and show you my first two fingers on my right hand. Grinning when you lick your lips. But when I lower my hand, I reach into the bowl—out of your eyesight—before maneuvering my hand between your legs.
