 August heat rolled in the open door of my town's only ice cream parlor. I had worked the place every summer for three years, and the air conditioner hadn't worked for any of them. The uniforms didn't help much; the thick red and white cotton of my dress stuck to my damp skin, and kept riding up my thighs.

It was 5pm, almost closing time, and the shop was slow. I was slouched over on the counter with a glass of water pressed to my cheek when I heard my last customer of the day walk in. 

"Welcome to Scoops, how can I help you today?" I mumbled lazily. I pulled myself into a standing position and met the most brilliant pair of green eyes I had ever seen. My breath caught. 

"I was hoping for a scoop of chocolate mint before you close." She smiled coyly. I was at a loss for words. Her blond hair fell across one of her eyes until she brushed it back with long, tanned fingers. I couldn't stop myself from gazing at the soft skin of her thighs that was revealed by her small skirt. I quickly turned around, filled her order, and handed her the bowl. She retreated to a booth straight across from me. 

As she sat there eating I let myself stare. She slowly suckled the ice cream off of her spoon, licking it gently with her tongue. I watched the spoon swirl in her mouth, and her fingers stroke the soft looking skin on her legs. She was sensual, hot, and in serious danger of being jumped by the horny ice cream girl. 

"Is there something I can help you with?" My eyes snapped to hers once more.

"Huh?" She grinned at my dazed expression.

 "Well you obviously see something you like, you're staring." Oh god. 

"Oh, I'm... it's the heat, I'm sorry. It's just... it's... I'm not thinking straight, and-"

"Oh really?" She arched an eyebrow. "Then how about you and I find a place to cool off?" I froze. Was she serious? I was ready to do anything she wanted me to, but there was no way she was into me. She stood up and walked slowly to stand in front of me.  

"How about it ice cream girl?" She winked. I giggled nervously. If I said yes, and she wasn't serious, there's no telling how she'd take it. If I said no... ah, who am I kidding? There's no way I would have said no to her. 

"Okay," I whispered. Her face lit up, and she flitted to the door of the shop. After closing and locking it, she ran behind the counter and disappeared into the ice cream freezer. I pulled a tablecloth from beneath the counter and hesitantly followed her. 

The frigid air of the freezer was a much welcome break from the sweltering heat of the rest of the shop. My skin tightened into goosebumps, and my nipples pressed tightly against the damp cotton of my uniform. The blond girl was nowhere in sight, but I knew she had to be in there. 

"Someone's cold," a voice purred in my ear. I gasped and spun around. To my delight, she was standing before me deliciously naked. I devoured the sight of her, taking in every inch of tanned skin, salivating at the light hairs between her legs, yearning to touch her small pink nipples. "Yes?"

"Oh, um... what?" I was breathless and stupid from just the sight of her. 

"I said," she stepped closer, "someone's cold." She brushed my nipple with her finger, and smiled at the small noise that escaped my lips. 

"Ohhh, you like that, don't you?" She giggled and cupped both of my breasts through my uniform, gently squeezing and tugging, until my panties were soaked and warm. I nodded. "Good." 

She pushed me against the cold wall of the freezer, and lightly touched her body to mine. I could feel her naked skin brushing my cotton dress, and longed for her to be touching me in those same places but with less clothing. 

As if she were reading my mind, her hands made their way under my skirt to the bare skin of my thighs. They stroked the sensitive skin on the inner thigh, and lightly squeezed the outer thigh. She was driving me nuts. I couldn't control my breathing, and every time it caught in my throat she allowed herself a devilish little grin. 

When her fingers finally brushed over my throbbing pussy, my knees gave out and I sunk onto the icy floor. I let my knees fall open and my skirt ride up, and saw her eyes latch on to the soaking wet panties barely covering me. 

"Those don't need to be there anymore," she growled, her voice huskier. She impatiently pulled them down my legs and off of me, tasting them with the tip of her tongue before tossing them aside. Her eyes were glazed and half closed, her lips parted, her chest heaving. She was entirely gorgeous, and I lost all of the remaining hesitancy I had been harboring.

I pulled her into my lap and kissed her fiercely. I nipped and sucked at her lips and let my tongue explore her. My fingers wound themselves in her hair and pulled her face to me. We became a pile of squirming limbs, neither wanting to break the kiss, but both wanting more. 

Her naked body rubbed against my semi-clothed one until she finally broke the kiss. She retrieved the table cloth I had brought and pulled me on top of it with her. I felt her breath at the back of my neck, teasing the sensitive nerves there as she unbuttoned my uniform and slowly peeled away the rest of the fabric covering me. My breasts sprung free, and she immediately cupped them from behind, teasing my hard nipples. 

"Mmm," she whispered. "You are so delicious. I can't wait to taste you..." I gasped and arched my back into her when her finger dipped into the soft flesh between my legs. "Ohh, my god. You're so wet..." She expertly circled my clit with her fingers, tugging and rubbing every so often. The heat that had been dully throbbing inside me flared, and I ground myself into her hand, unable to resist the feelings it sent through my body. 

"Ooh, what's this?" Her fingers left my body and I whined in protest. She giggled and crawled around my body until she was sitting in front of me. "Look what I found..." Her hand reached out to my breast, and I saw that she had a small stick of chocolate the shop used for certain ice creams. She pressed it to my breast and slowly drew a circle around my nipple. The chocolate was easily melted by my body heat, and she leaned in to lick up the smudges before flicking my nipple with her tongue. I watched her the entire time, turned on by the lust-filled look on her face more than anything. She continued drawing circles, lines and squiggles all over by body and licking them up, eventually ending at my thighs. She lay between my legs and nudged them open farther. 

"Lie down, sweetie," she smiled innocently at me. I lay back and focused on her soft breath moving from thigh to thigh as she kissed and licked my skin. She moved her face closer and closer to where I knew we both wanted it to be. When she finally reached my pussy she slowly took my throbbing clit between her lips and sucked.

My body exploded in pleasure, and the only things that mattered at that moment were the places where our bodies met. I squirmed and bucked underneath her, pushing my soaking wet cunt into her mouth, relishing every lick and probe, and giving in completely to her. I could feel my climax slowly building inside of me, trembling and growing. I could have come right then, but she stopped touching me. I looked up at her in disbelief and let out a frustrated groan. 

"Don't worry, you'll like what's coming next just as much," she promised. She gently pushed one of my legs to my chest, and straddled the other one. Our pussies met as she lowered herself down, and it put the most delicious pressure on my clit. She rasped in pleasure and slowly started grinding her wet, slick heat against mine. 

Watching her body roll and pulse as she rode me was the hottest thing I had ever seen. Every time her pussy spasmed her eyes would close, and her breath would quicken. Her nipples strained, and her skin glistened. She was driving me crazy. I began pushing my pussy into hers and meeting her motions. 

The desperate heat inside me was building again with every pass of her slippery clit over mine. I grabbed her hips, pulling her harder into me. Our pace quickened, and our breathing became louder, erratic, and punctuated with frequent moans. She leaned over me and smashed her breasts against mine. With every movement now she was grunting and panting. She owned my body. I pulled her face down to mine and she thrust her tongue in my mouth, overpowering me further. 

The heat inside of me became too much, and I came harder than I ever had. My entire body was on fire, tingling, and rolling with waves of pleasure. I was vaguely aware of her pussy twitching and her body shaking on top of mine. 

When I could feel my body again I opened my eyes. She was still on top of me, breathing heavily and gently kissing my neck. I stroked her hair, and kissed her forehead. Our sweat was starting to cool, and the freezer no longer seemed so inviting. 

We dressed each other and shakily returned to the front of the shop. Before leaving, she kissed me roughly. 

"Maybe I'll see you tomorrow."

***

s was just a short one, but please let me know what you think! More to come.