 Monday Evening, June 10, 1967

Lisa: A Storm Blows Into Our Lives

The last two weeks of the semester are only for finals and thankfully my last one is on a Monday afternoon! I'm confident of making good grades in all of my classes, I'm just tired and ready for a break.

Hurrying home late in the evening I feel my excitement building, eager to celebrate the last day of my semester. I'm not too surprised that Kendra's not home yet. Now that she's finished with her classes, she's been trying to work extra hours at the cafe to earn a little more money. But, I do feel a little let down that she isn't here to celebrate with me. Checking the time, I figure she's bound to be on her way home now and decide to take a quick shower...my thoughts turning to happy ones knowing we have all summer together.

By ten o'clock, I'm wondering what's keeping her so long. At midnight, I accept that something has happened to her. I have no idea where to look for her, she almost never goes anywhere without saying something first. The cafe closes right after the dinner crowd and Kendra would never go anywhere this late. No...something is wrong.

I call the cafe just to make sure, when no one answers I know I have to call the police. The person I'm talking to puts me on hold, when she comes back I'm told they have no record of Kendra as having an accident or other police related emergency. I sit and think what else I can do. I call the hospital, and they too check and tell me she has not been admitted. Now I'm terrified and debate whether to call her parents or wait a bit longer. I hate to make them worry for nothing.

It's so unlike her to just forget to come home or call, I finally accept that something must be terribly wrong. Not knowing what else to do, I call her parents. The voice on the other end of the line sounds like he's just awakened, "Hello."

"Mr. Mitchell, this is Lisa, Kendra's roommate."

"What's happen Lisa?" His tone making it clear that this is one of those late night phone calls all parents and lovers dread, it is never good news at this hour of the night.

"Kendra hasn't come home, and it's not like her at all. I've called the police and hospital but they haven't seen her either." I know my words are gushing out of me, but I can't slow down. "Mr. Mitchell, I don't know if she's told you—she got a letter from Bobby the other day. He's out of the Army and is demanding she move out there. She sent him a letter telling him its over between them. We haven't heard anything back though. Do you think he might have come back? We hardly ever go anywhere except school and she went to work today...I don't have any idea where she could be."

I finally let go, my tears build and shaking hands take over. I hear Clair ask what happened. After just a moment, Ross is back on the phone and says, "Lisa, I wouldn't put anything past that fool. Sweetheart, I'm going to have to go talk to a few folks and see if I can get any information on him. You just stick by the phone and call if you hear anything...Clair will be here. I'll call you back as soon as I find out anything that might be important."

"Thank you, I'm sorry for calling so late...I just didn't know what else to do," the tears finally overflowing and running down my cheeks.

"No, no, you did the right thing. You're right, this doesn't sound like something she would do. Something's wrong. We'll be in touch...it's the same phone number you gave us, right?"

"Yes sir, and I'll be here until you call back. Thank you so much...I'm worried sick."

"Don't imagine the worst Lisa, we'll figure it out. Bye now."

"Goodbye Mr. Mitchell."

With no idea what he could do or find out so far away a feeling of desperation washes over me. There's nothing I can do! The police already told me to call back tomorrow morning if she still isn't home. This is the most frightening realization I've ever experienced...there's not one thing I can do. The person I love more than anything or anyone in the world has just vanished without a trace...and I can't do one damn thing but sit here useless. I debate with myself as to whether I should take the car and go look for her...but Mr, Mitchell might call back any minute...I have to wait here.

*****

Early pre-dawn June 11, 1967

Eden, Texas

Kendra's Father and his Good Friend: Family And Friends In A Time Of Need

"Clair, honey just calm down. Lisa told me that Kendra sent a letter to Bobby telling him it's all over between them. I think the first thing we can do to help is try to find out if anyone around here knows anything about where he is. I'm going to call Pat. He's got the whole Sheriff's Department to help figure out where's he's at."

"Oh dear Lord, I never imagined he would hurt her," Clair replied, then just stared silently at the floor.

"Don't imagine the worse. Let's just get busy figuring out where he's at. It may not even be Bobby, but we have to start somewhere. That's why I'm going to call Pat right now, he'll know best what to do."

"Hello, this is Sheriff Randall. Who's calling?"

"Pat, it's me, Ross."

"What's happened Ross?"

"Kendra's roommate just called to tell us that Kendra has gone missing—she never came home from work tonight. Her roommate said she already checked with the police and hospital, no one's seen her. The only other thing she could think of is that Kendra wrote to Bobby and told him she's leaving him...she wondered if he might do something stupid."

"Okay. Ross, I'm going to have to make a few phone calls. I want my office to start digging into Bobby out west. At this time of night, it might be hard to get much information, but we may as well get started. I'm going to call Bobby's folks as soon as you and I are done. Then I'm heading over to your house and we can talk some more. Give me half an hour or so."

"Thank you Pat. We'll be here waiting for you."

After just over half and hour, I see Pat's headlights as he swings into the driveway, and I hurry to open the door for him. The look on his face doesn't tell me much. "Well, his folks haven't heard much from him either. They said they got a couple of letters early on, but then no more. So they're no help. I told them Kendra's missing and thought maybe Bobby might know how to help find her if we could get his phone number. They didn't have one, but said they would try to find out if they could. I didn't tell them we suspect him, so I figure they're telling it straight."

"What can we do Pat? How can Clair and I help you?"

"At this point, not a lot Ross. I have one idea I want to chase down. You remember that kid that used to run with Bobby all the time? I'm thinking of Gerald Harvey. Well Ross, he's out on probation and supposed to be staying with his folks. He and Bobby were thick as thieves and perhaps they've stayed in touch. I think it's worth me going right up there and getting 'em all out of bed and squeeze that little snot until he tells me what he knows."

"Pat, I want to go out there with you. I know his folks and I want them all to know I'm serious."

"Okay Ross. Let's head on over there and talk to them."

Driving down the unpaved road to the Harvey farm, Pat says, "It may be a wild goose chase driving out here, but I'd be willing to bet that if Bobby Jenkins called anyone, I'd put my money on his old buddy Jerry Harvey."

After another few minutes of driving in silence, he adds, "Ross, I want you to know I'm going to pull any string and call in every favor I have to in order to find her. You and I go way back, and your family is almost like my own. Don't you forget for a minute that I see her as that sweet little girl who always called me Uncle Pat."

The love I hear in his voice both strengthens me and breaks my heart. That we should even have to be out here in the middle of the night looking for my girl is something I still can't get my head around. "Pat, I don't have the words to say what that means to me...I don't know what I'd do without you."

The knock on the old screen door reverberates loudly across the still darkness of the early predawn morning. After several minutes, Gerald Harvey, Sr. eases the door open. Seeing that it's Sheriff Randal he rests the shotgun against the wall inside and steps out on the porch. He's barefoot and shirtless, obviously roused from bed.

"Mr Harvey, I'm sorry to get you up this time of night, but we have a little emergency I'm hoping your son might be able to help us with. Can I speak to him?"

"Sure Pat, what's it all about?"

"It'd be quicker if I just told it once to both you and Jerry Jr," Pat says diplomatically.

"Oh, sure, I'll go get him up. Y'all wanna come in and sit?"

"No, we needn't intrude anymore than we already have. Sure appreciate it Gerald," Pat said.

After five minutes or so, both father and son walk out onto the porch. Pat starts with, "Hello Jerry, sorry to drag you out'a bed. You been behaving yourself?"

The question instantly paints a look of doubt on young Jerry's face and the delay in his response says to me that he's wondering what the sheriff knows. "Yes sir. I ain't messed up, Pa said he aint gonna have it around here no more. Pa said you wanted to ask me about something."

Pat steps one short pace closer and says, "Jerry, the first thing I want to say to you is that this right here, this night is going to be one of the most important nights of your life. You be one hundred percent honest with me, and I'll do my best to help you over this little bump you're in right now. If I find out you lied to me son, and that ends up costing someone their life, I'll do my best to prove you were in on it and charge you with a crime that'll put you behind bars for most of your life. You understand this is serious, don't you Jerry?"

"Sheriff, I'm not sure what this is about, but I swear I'll tell you if I know anything at all," Jerry, Jr. says. Jerry's expression is enough for all of us to see that the young man hears all of this loud and clear. 

"Jerry, when's the last time you heard from Bobby Jenkins?"

"Is this about Jenkins? Sheriff, I'm not involved with him anymore. But, he called me about ten days ago to let me know he's out of jail out there in California."

"What story did he tell about that? I've heard a couple of different versions of it." Pat asks with an expressionless stare.

"Well, you probably already know more than me, he just told me the Army sucks and he'd got busted with a little weed on base."

"What are his plans Jerry, now that he's out of the Army?"

"Well, he said him and Kendra are going to move out there for good. He wants me to come out too, he thinks it's way better than here," Jerry replies.

"Someone told me he's back in Texas though, surely he called you to let you know that. Don't lie to me Jerry, seems like your story is getting messed up."

"No sir, I'm telling it straight. He called me the first time just before he was about to leave to come back. Then he called two days ago wanting to know if I was coming down to San Marcos to see him. He said he took a Greyhound straight through to pick up Kendra so they can go back out west as soon as possible."

"And you're going with him, did I get that right?"

"No sir, I told him I'm on probation. I said maybe later, when I could, I'd come see him."

"Well, I talked to Bobby's folks and they haven't heard from him at all. So where's he at Jerry? You said something about San Marcos. He must have told you where he's staying."

Jerry hesitates just a moment too long, then just before it appears he's about to say something, Sheriff Randal cuts him off, "Jerry, this is that moment I was talking about a while ago. Before you say one word, I want you to ask yourself; Is protecting Bobby Jenkins important enough to face a felony charge? Would he do that for you Jerry?"

Jerry Sr, stood by silently with a look of disbelief during the exchange. Before his son could speak he interrupts, "Boy, the sheriff's got you roped and pegged. I've told you before that Jenkins is nothing but white trash trouble! You got one chance here, you tell the truth and you tell Sheriff Randall everything you know about Bobby Jenkins...or I swear you'll not only have to face Sheriff Randall and the Judge, but by God you'll do it all alone. I'm fed up with you dragging all this crap back home. Is that clear!"

Jerry, Jr. caved. His face and his body language signaling his fright. In a small defeated voice he tells Sheriff Randal, "He's down in San Marcos. He said he's staying with a friend down there. I don't know him, but his first name is Ellis. He said it's a nice little cabin out of town. I swear that's all I know."

"What's the phone number Jerry?" Pat pushes for more.

"He don't have one. I asked him and he used a pay phone."

"Okay. I believe you Jerry. Son, don't let men like Bobby run you down the wrong path. You're not a bad person, you're parents are respected around here. Don't let people like Bobby turn you into something you're not. If what you've said is true, I'll be coming back out to talk with you and your folks about holding up my end of the bargain. Have we got a deal?" Sheriff Pat asks and offers his hand out to shake on it.

"Yes sir, I really do want to get away from all that stuff," Jerry Jr replies and shakes the hand of the man he's feared for so long.

Back in the car, the first words Pat says are, "Ross, I need to go to San Marcos. First I need to use your phone when we get back to your place."

"Pat, I've got to go with you...it's my little girl." 

"Ross, I can understand why you want to go. But it's just not a good idea. I don't know what might happen down there. It's just best you stay here with Clair."

"Pat, I just feel I need to be there for her if she's been hurt or something." 

"Ross, think about Clair here all alone? And I might have to call you needing some information only you folks can dig up. I know how you're feeling, I just think it's best for me to go down there. I'm pretty close with the county sheriff there and he can get the San Marcos folks on it too. Ross, you should stay home."

"Well, I think Clair will want me to go...but maybe you're right. It might be hard for her to be here all alone."

"I'll be in touch as much as possible to keep you updated. Try not to worry Ross, we've actually got a good start with all that Jerry, Jr. told us."

Back home, Pat makes his calls and I tell Clair all that happened out at the Harvey place. The news is so unexpected she swoons, and I have to help her to the chair nearby. "I've hated that boy for as long as I can remember," are her first words once she collects herself. "What's going to happen Ross...what's going to happen to our baby?"

"Honey, just calm down...getting worked up isn't going to help. Pat's getting ready to head down to San Marcos right now. He's getting his own office to start finding out what they can from the Army out where Bobby was stationed. The county sheriff down in San Marcos is a friend of Pat's and he's going to call him next so they can get up and running...they may find her before he even gets there. As soon as he's finished his calls, he's leaving for San Marcos. Why don't you fix him a thermos of coffee and some food to help keep him awake? Come on now, I'll help you and he can get going."

"Ross, you need to go too. If he's mistreated her, I want you to be there and not just a bunch of policemen and strangers. I'll be fine, you just call as soon as you know anything," Clair says in her determined tone.

"Are you sure you'll be okay? If Pat'll let me go, you have to call your sister to come sit with you. I'd like to be there too, but I'd feel better if you have her here."

Getting up to prepare the food and coffee, Clair hugs me and says, "I'll call her just as soon as you two are on your way. Oh God, Ross...do you think he'd hurt her?"

"No, I don't think so. She's smart enough to know how to handle him. Likely as not she'll be at home with Lisa when we get there."

"Oh my! I haven't even thought about Lisa...I'll call her as soon as Pat is off the phone to make sure Kendra's not already back home," Clair exclaims.

"That'd be a good idea. I sure hope she's home, that would have been a long drive for Pat only to find out once we get there."

After hanging up the phone, Pat says, "Okay, they're already starting to make some calls. I couldn't help hearing what y'all were saying. Go ahead and make that call now Clair, that was a good catch. Ross, you sure you want to go down there?" The look in his eyes saying what he didn't want to say out loud...'what if it's bad?'

"Yep, I want to be there for my little girl. The only thing I ask from you old friend is that you keep me from killing him if he's hurt her."

I knew it wasn't what he wanted, and it wasn't standard procedure...but our friendship won the argument and Pat said, "Okay Ross. You know this breaks all the rules, and I know you're playing your friend card. So let's go get her."

Clair turns to us after putting the phone in its cradle and the look on her face makes her words unnecessary, "Lisa hasn't heard a word. I told her y'all are on the way." Handing a scrap of paper to the Pat, she says, "I wrote down the address and phone number where the girls live."

We were just out the front door when Clair calls out, "You forgot the food and coffee!" She hurries to the kitchen and returns with a large bag for the long drive.

*****

Saturday, June 11, 1967

Ross Mitchel with Sheriff Pat Randall: A Trip No Parent Wants To Make

In the early predawn hours of Saturday morning on the eleventh day of June, Pat and I begin the trip to San Marcos. It's one of those surreal experiences...the kind that one never imagines until it abruptly barges into reality. It's a journey that neither of us want to make, and we're unusually silent as we drive through the darkness.

Unlike the carefree leisurely winding trip Lisa and Kendra had told us all about at Christmas, Pat pushes as fast as he feels is safe down US Hwy 87, then east on Hwy 290 into Austin, and finally a short distance south on the new interstate into San Marcos. The new day is just blooming on the eastern horizon when we enter the Hay's County Sheriff's office. The office is clearly already fully awake and busy pulling whatever thread of information they could that might help find the missing girl.

"Pat, come into my office," his friend calls when he notices we're here. Getting up from behind his desk, he walks to great us.

"Jerry, this is Ross Mitchell an old friend of mine and Kendra's father."

Reaching out to shake my hand, Sheriff Turner says, "Mr. Mitchell, I'm sorry we have to meet under these circumstances. We've been busy digging around trying to find out what we can regarding the information Pat gave me last night. I've already been in contact with the San Marcos police and they're going to be asking questions around town this morning. The State Police are also already on it. We're doing everything possible to find her."

Turning to Pat he says, "Your people called just a while ago with some more information on this Bob Jenkins. Turns out he wasn't in trouble for just peddling a little weed, he was arrested for possession with the intent to sell heroin on base out there last November. He's already been tried in their system and turned out under a Bad Conduct Discharge. He served six months in military prison prior to his release. You can do the math, but he was released a few weeks ago."

Apparently noticing I'm somewhat shaken by the news, Sheriff Turner says, "Mr. Mitchell, why don't you sit over here for a minute. I know this is probably quite a shock under the circumstances. Don't worry sir, we're on it and a lot of other people are on it too. Every agency has received this information from the local police all the way up to the State Police. I'm going to step out and have someone bring you something to drink."
