 During my pregnancy, I was shockingly horny. I had always been a dirty girl from a young age, but this was something totally new for me. As the months progressed I became insatiable. The first trimester passed with me feeling bright and cheerful, with periods of sickness etc, but generally I felt fine -- and not particularly sexual. This was fine, because my husband at the time wasn't providing me with any sex. He suggested that he was worried about the baby and all that, but I got the impression that he was quite turned off by it all and didn't really find me sexy anymore -- that was proven when he later buggered off and left me, but that's another story.

Towards the end of my second trimester, I suddenly started wanting sex. Really wanting sex. I could hardly handle how horny I was. I remember holding a dinner party at my house; when I couldn't hold a thought in my head because I had been checking out pretty much every male member of the party imagining them fucking me to exhaustion, all lining up and taking turns -- in my pussy, up my arse, shooting it all into my mouth. Standing over me and beating off, covering my body with their cum. Of course, at that time I hadn't been introduced to the world of other girls' pussies, so half of those people were sadly left out of my dirty thoughts.

Having a swollen belly, I was bigger than normal. I remember squeezing past someone sitting at the table, and moaning out loud when I received the slightest brush from the corner of their chair -- almost instantly soaking my knickers with my juice. I was so embarrassed straight away because I knew how loudly I'd moaned. The men sitting down thought I'd been hurt, but I think a couple of the women realised what kind of moan it really was. I had to excuse myself and I went upstairs to finger myself silly -- I came down ten minutes later only slightly relieved.

Anyway, to the story. At the seventh month, I was being driven wild with lust. I'm generally a moral person, so I felt cheating on my husband with another man was wrong. So I spent every day in pretty much the same way -- I'd wake up, have a shower, and see my husband off to work. After that I'd spend the rest of the day downloading porn on my computer and masturbating almost continuously. I acted like a schoolboy who'd just discovered how to orgasm. I made a few trips to the sex shops in Soho to pick up some 'supplies' -- a couple of strong vibrators and thick dildos -- and one for my arse. I bought some DVDs which suited my taste, and even found some where pregnant women were getting fucked in every way -- the kind of treatment my body longed for. I often lost count of how many times I'd masturbate during the day. I'd leave the TV playing a hardcore film so I would have something to fantasise about while I was doing my housework. I preferred staying clothed, in case any of my friends or family would turn up to visit -- but sometimes I'd lie on my bed naked, furiously working away between my legs, until the skin on my fingers became crinkled like they do when you have a bath.

Friends did come to visit -- especially my best friend Ruth. I had known her since college and we knew each other better than anyone. We always told each other everything -- she was even filthier than me, and she would always tell me stories about her latest conquests and how she spent her weekend getting laid. She was bi, and very sexually active; often spending nights at swinger's clubs and dogging spots around Essex. She wasn't bad looking at all -- she had a body to kill for, lovely C cup boobs, and short, sexy red hair. But it was the way she looked that was the sexiest -- when she went out, she'd wear something skimpy to get everyone looking at her, then she'd simply pick who she wanted and took him (or her or even them) home. Her stories shocked me, but they turned me on a hell of a lot too. She knew I loved hearing them, and we'd always spend time together, and on the phone, with her telling me all about it. We were open to each other about everything -- I told her about how horny I was and how I wasn't getting any sex from Rob, my husband. I told her about my filthy fantasies and even about the incident with the chair -- we giggled about that one.

This particular day she came around, I had been lounging around in my living room, watching one of the pregnant porn DVDs I'd bought. When the bell rang I leapt up from where I was sprawled on the floor and loosely tied up my robe, and flicked the 'off' button on my remote. I went to the door and saw her in, wrapping our arms around each other and giving each other a kiss as we always did.

We walked back into the living room to find the film still playing -- clearly my pressing of the 'off' button had been useless. I was so embarrassed, and just managed to rush over and turn off the TV. I looked at Ruth and she burst out laughing.

"Niiiiice! I didn't know you could find porn like that!" Ruth said with wide eyes.

"Shut up Ruth don't embarrass me anymore.."

Ruth just giggled and said, "Come on, turn it back on Judi, I want to see!"

We messed about in front of the TV until I gave up and she turned it on. She sat down on the sofa and lay back.

"Well what have we here..."

I sat down next to her and gave her a nudge mocking shame. We were best friends; I didn't really think it was a big deal. The scene playing had a heavily pregnant woman on all fours being fucked up the arse by a man while a pretty girl under her licked her pussy. The pregnant woman seemed to be loving it -- she was moaning really loudly, just like I would. We watched quietly for a while.

Then Ruth smiled at me and said, "this is really good stuff.. I would have bought it myself if I found it. Isn't that pregnant girl sexy?"

Ruth knew I was unhappy with how I looked -- I felt fat and ugly. I had a huge belly and my boobs had exploded in to massive size -- my own C cup bras looked like children's bras compared to my boobs. I laughed and said back to her, "yeah sure she's sexy... fat bitch".

Ruth was just enraptured by the scene on the TV. Cum dribbled out of the pregnant girl's arsehole and slid down to the tongue of the girl underneath. Ruth's mouth fell slightly open and she looked completely engrossed. "I wish I was the girl underneath. I'd love to get my tongue in there".

I hit her hard on her arm and said "shut up you filthy slut! You're disgusting!"

Ruth replied, "Oh come on! You know you'd love your pussy eaten like that". We laughed with each other and playfully pushed each other around until we sat back down in each others arms. My robe had fallen apart slightly, showing my big belly. Ruth loved putting her hands over the big mound, feeling the soft, pale skin. I hadn't been with girls before, but watching the film had gotten me really aroused and Ruth's fingers felt good on my skin. It felt tingly and when her fingers wandered close to my pussy I felt a wave of arousal, causing me to get a little bit wet. She kissed my belly and sat back up. "So tell me how things are". I told her it was the usual, I was feeling tired and stressed and horny -- and not much I could do would make it better. I showed her the anal vibrator I'd bought the day before and told her I hadn't tried it yet. We giggled as I told her to hurry up and leave so I could use it. It was great to laugh, but I couldn't help starting to feel sad when I told her how things were becoming strained between me and Rob, and how I felt that I had to get sex or I might go looking elsewhere. My body felt tired and unloved.

She leant over and hugged me. We held each other for a while, and then she sat back up. "I've got an idea. I'll make you feel better". She took the remote and flicked off the film from the TV. "Lie down on the floor". She took a cushion from the sofa and put it on the floor.

"Why? What are you going to do?" I asked.

She looked at me and said sternly, "do what I say girl! Lie down, I'll be back in an minute".

She disappeared upstairs while I lay down on the floor like I she asked me to, wandering what it was all about. After all, I'd grown used to lying on the floor of my living room for different reasons...

Ruth came back quickly -- she'd been up to my bathroom. "Welcome to Ruth's massage parlour!" She was dressed in a robe too, and had a bottle of baby oil in her hands. I smiled happily -- I felt a massage would be perfect right now.

I looked at her and said, "aww Jules you're lovely" and decided that I deserved to be pampered a little.

"Well then take your robe off" she instructed. I sat up and took off my robe. I was only wearing a thong underneath, and felt a little bit exposed for a moment -- but that quickly disappeared as I'd never really felt uncomfortable changing in front of Ruth.

Ruth was staring at my boobs. "Wow... they getter bigger every time I see you. I wish I had boobs like that".

"No you don't", I replied, "they're huge and they ache and my bloody husband doesn't seem to want them."

Ruth sighed, feeling sorry for me. She lay me down and put her hands across my body. It felt wonderful already -- I knew I was going to enjoy myself. She opened the bottle of baby oil and poured some over my belly. We both giggled as the oil felt ticklish over my sensitive belly. She kneeled between my legs and slowly started to massage the oil around my belly, and just under my boobs. I was tingling all over, as the feel of somebody else's hands on my body felt like magic. After a while, she went lower down my belly, nearing my crotch. She spread my legs apart and poured oil over both. She must have known exactly what she was doing, because it all felt heavenly. I hummed and cooed gently and kept thanking her until she told me to be quiet and enjoy myself.

I had my eyes closed, and relaxed fully. Ruth came around my body and sat me up slightly. She sat behind me and held me against her, hugging me from behind. I felt loved and wanted. She took the baby oil and poured it over my boobs. As soon as she put her hands over my boobs, my back arched and my head fell back into her shoulder. I moaned out loud when she squeezed my nipples and rolled them in between her fingers and thumbs. She put her hands under my boobs and lifted them up, her palms sliding over my nipples as my boobs fell through her grasp. My nipples became two little pebbles. Every tiny movement felt absolutely electric as I leant back with my mouth open and moaned at the ceiling. I was so caught up in the pleasure of having my boobs massaged that I had lost any sense of embarrassment or shame.

Ruth carried on rubbing and kneading my boobs. I felt incredibly turned on. Every time I get turned on, my legs slowly spread apart automatically, preparing me for what I might receive. So I lay back into my best friend's arms, with eyes closed and mouth open, with her caressing my whole body. My legs were spread apart and I could tell I had soaked through my thong.

Ruth took my nipples between her fingers and kissed my neck. She put her lips right next to my ear and whispered "I'm glad you're enjoying this". Then she licked my ear and then squeezed my nipples hard, sending a bolt of pure ecstasy to my clitoris. Her tongue went into my ear slightly, and instantly I had goosebumps all the way down my neck and body as she continued to nuzzle my neck.

I could hardly think about what was happening -- I was in a world of pleasure. She paused for a moment and let go of boobs. I opened my eyes and shook my head. Lust had taken over my mind and it took me a second to focus my thoughts. I looked around at Ruth and she smiled at me. She leant over and tenderly kissed me on my lips. I kissed her back but she took her mouth away from me before I could kiss her the way I felt. She left me wanting so much more.

She came around to face me again. My legs were shamelessly spread apart and I could smell my pussy from where I was lying. Ruth put my legs together for a moment and in an instant she pulled my thong off. My legs fell apart again and my heart dropped as my best friend stared at my soaked pussy.

I looked at her slightly surprised. I was unsure as to whether we had crossed any boundaries. My head was clouded by the desire to have a thousand orgasms and I was trying to understand whether there was any other motive in Ruth's mind. She just said "turn over on to your fours".

I silently did as she asked, and turned over on to my knees. As a heavily pregnant woman, curling up on to your knees is a comfortable position -- your back is arched and the weight of your belly is taken off your spine. I lay there with my arse in the air and my face to the floor. I wondered what was next.

Ruth took the baby oil and poured it on to the highest point of my body -- just where my spine ended. The oil flowed down my back, but some went the other way and slide straight across my arsehole and down to my pussy. The oil mixed with the copious amounts of pussy juice and started to trickle down my legs, and a little over my belly. It didn't feel particularly pleasurable -- it just felt really, really filthy. I felt exposed and brazen. I pictured what Ruth could see behind me and it turned me on even more. I was consumed by lust -- I could have fucked anything with two legs at that moment. I squeezed my arse and felt the oil get sucked in a little. My hole was winking at Ruth. I had never done anything like this before but I felt so turned on it was unbelievable. I couldn't remember when I was last so turned on. Seconds passed while Ruth must have been staring at my dripping body being presented to her.

She gently put her hands across my back and applied pressure to the skin. I felt myself relax even more as my best friend did her best to make me feel comfortable. Her fingers worked their way into my flesh and took away all the little knots. I felt completely bare and open, waiting for something to happen - though I wasn't sure what would, or should happen.

Her hands moved down to my fleshy arse and she kneaded the flesh. Her hands drifted down my legs and she massaged my legs. My calves and thighs felt wonderful and she gently squeezed the flesh and took away all my tension. In one movement, she swept her hands up my thighs and pushed my cheeks apart with her palms. I pushed back against her hands and moaned in anticipation as I heard the squelch from my pussy as my lips split apart. Ruth's thumbs drifted past my swollen lips and I started to feel desperate for some direct contact. I couldn't believe what I was feeling. My mind had become consumed by the filthiest thoughts again -- my best friend was giving me a massage to relax me and all I wanted was for her to stick her fingers in my holes and eat me 'til I screamed. I was so wet.

Ruth paused for a moment. She took off her robe and tossed it aside. She seemed to lie down, and position herself under me. I was shocked. She kissed my belly -- she was definitely under me, just like the girl in the film. Butterflies erupted in my stomach and she licked at the juice that had trickled on to my belly. She kissed further down until she reached the neatly trimmed hair on my pussy. My pussy felt like it was on fire as she nuzzled the hair with her nose. She was so close. So close to sending me to heaven.

Suddenly, she stopped. She brought her hands up and carried on massaging my arse, while keeping her nose still in my hair. I was wild with desire. I felt outraged that she'd stopped.

Without saying a word, I shifted my body and mashed my pussy right into her face. The sound of the contact and the feeling was indescribable. I moaned out then practically screamed as Ruth buried her tongue into my pussy, not needing to be shown twice what I wanted. I moaned louder and louder as the slut between my legs feasted greedily on my wanton pussy. That slut lapping at my wetness so hungrily was my best friend of years, and in all the time I had never imagined the lust I felt for her now. Her tongue assaulted me continuously, and moans escaped Ruth's own mouth as she ate me. She was as aroused as I was! I couldn't see past my big boobs, but I could feel her passion from the way my pussy was being penetrated and probed by her tongue. Her expertise was driving me crazy -- Rob had never made me feel like this with his half-hearted efforts. I moaned louder and Ruth moaned with me. I loved hearing her.

Words started escaping my mouth. "Oh baby...baby..." I moaned with my eyes closed. I gyrated my hips, moving myself over Ruth's face. I felt every little contour on her face -- the ridge of her nose, the dips of her eyes, the mound of her chin and the slippery bliss that was her tongue. I used her face to pleasure myself - sliding up, down and across it as she lapped away at me. Her face must have been covered with my juice. It was shameless, selfish, greedy sex, but I was loving every second of it, blind with lust.

I could tell Ruth was feasting herself. She tried to say words to encourage me, but they were all muffled by me riding her face. I pushed down harder on her mouth, and then she dug her nails into my arse. I screamed in pleasure and pushed harder. Ruth became even more audacious -- she slapped my arse with her hands. It drove me wilder and I let her know. "Oh Ruthie baby oh Ruthie slap me harder! Spank me!" She spanked me harder enough for it to hurt -- the slaps landed right where her nails had already dug into my soft flesh -- but it only made me wetter, and wanting more of everything she could give me.

Suddenly I felt a finger go straight into my pussy. I screamed even louder than I had before. I was finally being penetrated! Immediately I wanted more. "Ruthie stick two in" I managed breathlessly. She complied straight away and licked me right on my clit. I thought I was going to explode, when she abruptly took her fingers out of my pussy. A massive orgasm was building up inside me and I didn't want anything to interrupt it.

I commanded her, "Jules baby put them back in!" She muffled something and I almost jumped off the floor as without warning, she buried both fingers straight into my arsehole. No-one had ever fingered my arsehole before, aside from myself when I masturbated -- the feeling was beautiful. Ruth seemed to hesitate, trying to find out my reaction. I finally let her know by reaching back and pushing her fingers further in with my own hand, while pushing back my hips. I felt her knuckles sink in and my depravity was complete.

I carried on letting her know what I felt -- my mouth became really dirty, as I repeatedly told her, "Finger my arse! Oh Ruth baby that's so good. Eat me, please don't stop!" In response, she spanked me hard with her free hand and moved her fingers in and out of my hole. I couldn't hold back any longer, as my pussy was aching to come -- slowly, my moans turned to yells as the feeling originated from deep in my belly and started to focus on my clit. It felt like the longest, greatest orgasm I'd ever had. I screamed ear-piercingly, pronouncing the name of my lover "RuthieeeEEEeee" as I came, and then went silent with my mouth open when I simply couldn't take it any more and my body shook with the power of the orgasm.

I held on to the floor as my head spun with the effect of the spectacular orgasm. Ruth didn't stop - she continued eating me out gently as I moved back, sitting myself up, effectively sitting on her face. Her fingers carried on penetrating my arse, rhythmically moving in and out. I still couldn't see her face under my belly, but I could see her hair -- it was matted with the shocking amount of pussy juice that had come out of me. Instantly I flushed with a little embarrassment.

I rolled my body over so that I was lying on my back. Ruth climbed straight up my body, still being very careful, and came up by my side. She leant over so her face was next to mine. Her face was a mess -- I could see my juice, and smell it all over her. Bizarrely it turned me on, and we both smiled as she kissed me long and deeply. I could taste myself on her lips and I licked at her mouth. She stopped kissing for a moment as I licked parts of her face. We were both as filthy as each other it seemed. She fondled my tits with one hand and caressed my hair with another. Her hand drifted down to play with my crotch. I spread my legs some more and let out a little moan. She brought her hand back up and put two of her fingers straight into my mouth. I sucked on them, tasting the juice she'd been greedily tonguing. Ruth smirked, knowing me like only a best friend does. "Again, Jude?"
