 Chris's hands were gripping my hips hard enough to hurt, his fingers digging into the skin. I loved it when he did that. He had me bent over the bathroom counter. My breasts were mashed against the cold tiles; my feet weren't even touching the floor. And every time he pistoned himself into me, my body jerked roughly, the edge of the counter biting into my stomach. The thing I liked about Chris was that he showed up, used me brutally, and then left. He was quick and to the point. The sensation of him slamming into me so hard was wonderful; it sent shock waves through my body that overlapped and brought me up to a dizzying, pleasurable height. I just closed my eyes and enjoyed the ride.

Chris came inside me with a low groan and finished himself off with a few long, slow strokes. Then he grabbed a fistful of my hair and jerked me up to a standing position. Meeting my eyes in the mirror, he said, "Now get yourself off."

I put my hand between my legs and did as he said. It didn't take me long to come; I collapsed back against him and he held me up with one arm, the other hand still holding my hair, as I shuddered with release. I could feel his semen running down my thighs. As soon as he let me go with a little smile, I walked over to the shower and turned it on. I needed to be clean and fresh smelling before Angela got home.

Chris cleaned himself off with a handful of toilet paper and began readjusting his clothing. He hadn't even undressed – I hadn't even heard him come in. He had snuck in, crept up the stairs, and ambushed me in the bathroom. He didn't say a word, just pushed me down on the counter and rammed into me. It was delicious. I stroked my clit lightly in the shower, sending little shivers through me, and smiled.

"So what prompted you to come over?" I asked as I stepped out of the shower. Usually Chris came over on Thursdays, when Angela didn't get home until later in the evening.

He shrugged. "I just wanted to fuck you. Couldn't wait until tomorrow."

"Ah."

He took my face in his hands and kissed me deeply, something he didn't usually do. "You turn me on. A lot."

"Likewise." Chris was tall, about six foot three, with blonde hair and a muscular build. Good looks ran in the family; he was Angela's older brother, and they shared the same full, sensual mouth and deep blue eyes. The vital difference between them was that Chris had a long, hard cock and Angela had a warm, soft pussy. Both delightful, but unfortunately mutually exclusive. A pussy just couldn't do what a cock could. Chris and I had started fucking two months ago, about once a week, and it was a very nice diversion. "You should go, though. Angela will be home soon."

Chris nodded, kissed me again briefly, and headed out.

I walked into the bedroom, to the dresser, and rumaged through the top drawer. I selected a negligee of dark, rosy pink satin trimmed with cream-colored lace, and slipped it on. It fell to mid-thigh, and I didn't bother with underwear. I could already heard Angela's car in the driveway, a split second after hearing the back door shut. Chris was off in the shadows, jumping the fence and heading down the alley to the side street where he parked his car near a friend's house. I smiled to myself as I brushed my hair.

Angela appeared in the bedroom door a couple minutes later. She leaned against the jam and smiled at me. I smiled back. She and I were the same height, five seven, but where I had long dark brown hair, she had long blonde waves. Her figure was slender and athletic, but she had the most marvelous breasts, large and round. She complained about them constantly, but I loved them. I went over to her, kissed her lips gently. "How was your day, babe?"

She sighed, came into the room and began peeling off her clothes. "Long. I had meeting after meeting. I barely had time to eat lunch."

"Are you hungry?"

She shook her head, sat on the edge of the bed and smiled at me. She was down to her matching bra and panties, pristine white with cute little pink flowers. Her long hair caressed her arms and back. She had great legs, and now she spread them slightly, invitingly. "I've been thinking about you all afternoon."

Angela's sex drive had never quite matched mine. She was happy with a couple times a week, while I preferred a couple times a day. It was a pleasant surprise to have her come home from a hard day of work and hit on me – especially when I was still feeling steamy after Chris's visit.

I walked over to the bed and knelt in front of her, put my hands on her thighs and spread her legs further. I put my face to the crotch of her panties, inhaled her warm, musky scent. I ran the tip of my tongue over the fabric, and felt the muscles in her thighs tense. I licked the insides of her thighs very lightly, licked around the lacey edge of the fabric, licked over the fabric, until I could see that she was getting wet. With one finger I gently pulled the fabric aside, looking up to meet her eyes. They were dark with desire, and she was biting her lower lip in anticipation. I lowered my head again, and with one long, slow lick I tasted her from asshole to clit. She moaned softly. I spent some time softly licking her lips and around her clit, until she was breathing harder. With one hand she kneaded her left breast, pinching the nipple, and the other hand she put on the back of my head, urging me closer. I teased her a little while longer, savoring the taste of her pussy. Then finally I came down hard on her clit, sucking it into my mouth and working it eagerly with the tip of my tongue. She cried out, and lay back on the bed, spreading her legs as wide as she could and pressing my face into her. I ate her ravenously, delighting in the feel of her body writhing and twisting beneath me. I wet a finger with her ample juices, and slowly slid it into her ass, making her hips buck. I fucked her gently with my finger as she neared orgasm. Her back was arching, and she was making little noises in the back of her throat. I slid a second finger in, fucked her a little harder as I sucked at her clit. A few moments later she came hard, her back lifting off the bed as she let out three long, low cries.

As she lay there panting, recovering, I rose and moved onto the bed over her. Pushing her bra out of the way, I put my mouth on her nipple. She liked having them bit, and I nipped her with my teeth so that she gasped. I felt her hands on my back, sliding down to caress my ass and thighs and then back up to tangle in my hair. She pulled me up for a kiss, pushing her tongue into my mouth. I kissed her back hungrily, stroking her tongue with mine, our lips pressed urgently together.

She rolled me over onto my back, one arm beneath my shoulders, and continued kissing me as her hand slid down my stomach and between my thighs. She stroked my pussy lightly, and I shivered. She began rubbing my clit in slow, gentle circles, and alternated this with sliding her fingers up inside me. I lay relaxed beneath her and let her work. She was good at this. Sometimes she stroked, sometimes she rubbed, sometimes she finger-fucked, and she would always vary the pressure and speed a little so that it was never quite the same. I cupped her beautiful breasts in my hands and massaged them, pinching the nipples hard enough to make her jump. She laughed, and kissed my neck, flicking her tongue over my pulse while her fingers worked my clit. I lifted my hips slightly, wanting her to press harder, and she obliged. I could feel the orgasm starting in my toes. My whole body tensed up, and I put my hand over hers, pressing it to me harder. She began to work my clit in hard, quick circles, and I knew I was about to come. I pulled my mouth from hers so that I could gasp for breath, and she lowered her mouth to my breasts, sucking at my nipples.

"Oh God, yes," I murmured. The orgasm built and built to an agonizing crest, and then it burst through me, huge and wonderful and so good it was almost painful. I didn't even hear myself cry out.

"Fuck yeah," Angela said, and moved down to lick my pussy as I gushed wetness. She licked me with long, hungry strokes, all around my sensitive clit, over my lips, down to my asshole, which she probed with her tongue. She had reversed position so that we were 69, and I slid three fingers into her pussy, began finger-fucking her while she tongue-fucked my ass. After a while I began to feel another orgasm coming on, and I pulled her hair, brought her mouth up to my cit, which she latched on to, sucking hard. I put my mouth on her clit, and we pushed our fingers into each others asses, fucked and sucked each other until we both came again, our moans mingling.

Afterwards, she lay beside me and we kissed for a while; deep, long kisses. I found myself sort of wishing that Chris were there to finish me off with a good, hard fucking. I could have asked for the strap-on, but I didn't. It wasn't Angela's favorite thing. And after all, I'd just had three great orgasms in a row.

We fell asleep together, naked, limbs tangled peacefully.