 This is my first attempt at writing an erotic story. I intend there to be additional chapters about these two characters. Please leave your feedback and votes! They will help me to determine whether I should continue. Thank you!

*****

The vehicles began to stack up on the windy road that circled the dorm. Nearly all were luxury or sports cars that indicated the class of student attracted to the small, private college. Among the vehicles in the line of cars parking to the side of the road was a navy blue Chevy Sunfire. The paint was somewhat faded, and a few dings and dents punctuated the body; someone might have suspected that they reflected the carelessness of the driver. The car was an anomaly in the sea of machinery brought by students of some of the state's most prominent families. 

As the engine quieted, Chrissy stepped out of the vehicle, an audible sigh escaping her as she looked around. She immediately felt out of place more so than during her tour of the college earlier in the year. Her humble upbringing in a family of minimal wealth did nothing to boost her confidence amongst such an upper-class student body. She scanned the scene in front of her and could only seem to focus on the designer clothes of the arriving students. She calmly shook her head as she viewed what she could only perceive as fashion models walking into the freshman dorm. It was going to be a long academic year.

Chrissy was not a fashion model. She had the classic look of a redhead with Irish ancestry. She recently turned 19 and stood at a height of 5'6". Her skin was pale but was overshadowed by the fiery red hair that ran straight to her shoulders, as well as her dark green eyes. More of a bookworm than athlete, she wore her 135 pounds well thanks to her daily cardio regimen. Beautifully rounded curves accentuated her body, although she felt as though they made her undesirable. She was ignored by most guys throughout her four years of high school. Her best friend, Julie, said it was likely due to her serious, studious nature. But Chrissy's smile was complimented more than once by Julie, who said it radiated across a room and could ensnare anyone who dared to make eye contact with her.

As more of the students made their way into the three-story, red brick dorm, Chrissy walked around to the rear of her used vehicle and opened the trunk. She pulled out a duffle bag containing her clothes, some of which were hand me downs from her older sister Mariah. She also slung a backpack with some supplies and her laptop over her shoulder. Leaning slightly over the trunk, she picked up several books she brought with her and was juggling them as best as she could in her arms. She had packed light. Mariah lived alone in a two bedroom apartment only an hour away and invited Chrissy to stay there on the weekends. Given how strange that she felt in her new surroundings, she was glad that she had accepted Mariah's gracious offer.

Chrissy slowly walked up the windy path to her new living quarters. She never had been graceful, probably the reason that she was unable to make the track team in her one sporting tryout in school. As she tried to hang onto her duffle bag and books, she failed to see where the concrete of the walkway was broken and quickly tumbled to the ground. Instantly, her face flushed red. She heard the soft giggles from some of the other girls who saw her fall. Her embarrassment felt complete. It wasn't enough to drive here in a dented clunker but now I've gone and shown how clumsy I am to a good portion of the freshman girls, she thought to herself.

Just as she was gathering her books back into her grasp, she heard a direct, but friendly, voice from behind her.

"Hey there, it looks like that you could use some help," the voice said.

Chrissy was about to utter that she was fine and didn't need any help when the dark-haired girl already leaned over to collect some of the dropped books. Though serious, Chrissy was always polite and friendly. Her embarrassment had angered her to a degree, but she regained her composure and quickly remembered her manners.

"Ah, thank you so much. I obviously was not paying attention to where I was walking. I'm Chrissy." Chrissy held out her free hand as she held some of the books she had dropped.

The brunette shifted some of the items that she had picked up and gently grasped Chrissy's hand. "Nice to meet you. I'm Tara."

Chrissy smiled and couldn't help but notice that Tara was also not one of those fashion models who had so rudely laughed at her a few minutes ago. She was 20 years old and stood slightly less than Chrissy at a height of 5'5". Her face was slightly chubby but was adorned with a beautiful smile and nearly perfect teeth. Her brown eyes, covered by a small pair of glasses, and darker complexion were a complete contrast to Chrissy. She weighed 145 pounds but the weight was proportioned well on her frame, and her slightly worn denim jeans and white t-shirt fit her well.

"Would you like some help carrying your stuff into the dorm? It doesn't seem like you brought much," Tara inquired.

"Absolutely. I didn't feel like I needed much. My older sister lives an hour away and I'm planning on spending weekends there. It will be quiet, and I already feel out of place among these rich kids," Chrissy said.

Tara laughed. "I know what you mean. I spent the summer doing some biology research with a professor. This snobby rich girl that was my lab partner consistently whined about how she was not able to go to Monaco for her summer vacation. As if we all had it so bad!"

Chrissy looked at Tara confusingly, then asked, "Are you an upperclassman?"

"Not according to these bitches," Tara chuckled. "I'm far from upper class. But, yeah, I'm a sophomore majoring in biology. Just thought I'd get my feet wet with some research and try to get ahead of the game. Do you know what you will study?"

Chrissy thought about it a moment, replying "I was thinking maybe a science as well. But I haven't ruled out math either. I tend to trend on the geeky side."

Tara held up her hand, "Give me five girl. We geeky chicks have to stand together...err maybe keep each other from falling." She smiled.

Chrissy couldn't help but laugh and slap her new friend's hand in the air. "Are you staying in this dorm," she asked Tara.

"I am. I'm on the third floor. What about you?"

"So am I. Awesome! Hopefully, we will run into each other often. Can you help me carry these up to my room," asked Chrissy.

"Duh, of course," replied Tara.

Chrissy put her backpack onto her shoulder and walked into the dorm with Tara. She forgot about her embarrassing moment and was happy to make a new acquaintance, especially someone who seemed as studious as her. 

****

A month had passed since move-in day, and life was becoming increasingly difficult for Chrissy. She had enrolled in a full course load for the semester - introductory biology, introductory chemistry, introductory physics, linear algebra, and world history. Despite her intelligence and work ethic, she was performing at an average level compared to her classmates. Each of the science courses had an associated lab, and the math was challenging for her. This bothered her to the point that she was staying on campus on the weekends despite her initial hesitation to do so.

Chrissy spent most of her time in class or in the library studying. She had little to no social life, not that it bothered her much. She did miss Julie and her encouraging words, but she had not yet made any close friendships on campus. She occasionally ran into Tara in the hallway of the dorm or in the library, and their encounters were always very pleasant. But the brunette had a full courseload of her own and didn't spend much time in the dorm. She had a part-time job at one of the small restaurants in town, and most of her free time was spent there.

As the two day Fall break approached, Chrissy was determined to catch up on her studies and improve her grades. But she also decided that it was no good to constantly work without something to break up the monotony, so on the first day of break, she headed to the closest place to grab some food on campus. The place was decidedly empty except for two workers. She sat down to a table by the window, eating her chicken salad while perusing her biology textbook.

"Hey girl!"

Chrissy was so startled by the voice that she nearly knocked over her drink onto the already stained carpet. Some of it splashed onto her textbook. When she regained her composure, she looked up and saw Tara and smiled.

"Hey yourself! You scared the shit out of me Tara! I thought no one was around but me!"

"Well, I wouldn't normally be around but they gave me a few days off of work. Apparently, I snapped at one customer too many. Probably some snobby mother of one of our classmates."

Chrissy couldn't help but laugh. Tara was one of the nicest people she knew but with all of her coursework and regular work, it wasn't a bit surprising that she may have become rude toward someone who may have deserved it.

"At least they didn't outright fire you," Chrissy said.

"I've just been in such a foul mood lately. Maybe I need to find a man!"

"No way! We will never get to hang out then," Chrissy said disappointedly.

"Well, lets make time to hang out! What about tomorrow night? I have some studying I need to catch up on this evening."

Chrissy thought about her goal of getting caught up on her classwork. But she remembered that even a little break might clear her mind. And besides, her and Tara agreed to stick together on move-in day."

"Sure, sounds great. Maybe we can grab some food and rent a movie or something. Anything would be better than in-depth work on magnetism right now!"

Tara smiled. "Well, drop in around 6 tomorrow night. I'm going to head to the library and finish up a bio lab write-up. See you later chicky!"

Chrissy cleaned up her spilled drink, closed her book, and decided to head back to the dorm. She still had to more catching up to do before being able to relax tomorrow.

****

After seeing Tara earlier in the day, Chrissy returned to her dorm room and dove back into her physics homework. Unfortunately, things were not going well. The problem set was longer than she anticipated, and each question was increasing in difficulty. She was becoming increasingly exasperated as midnight approached.

Noticing the time on the clock, Chrissy thought that maybe a shower and a few hours sleep might help her to be able to focus better. Normally, she would have headed to the gym for a workout on an elliptical, but she didn't have any time for that tonight. She grabbed her towel and shower caddy and closed the door behind her. 

The women's bathroom area was only a few steps away from her room. It was empty, as she expected it to be, as Tara was the only other girl on the floor during the break. She slid her t-shirt off, followed by the loose pair of boxers that she normally wore to bed, and turned on the warm water.

The warmth of the water hitting her skin made her jump slightly, but she already started feeling refreshed. She gently washed her face, the removal of the oils making her feel clean. As she was about to rub body wash onto her arms, she heard the water start running a few stalls down. She assumed that Tara finally returned from the library.

Chrissy lathered her arms in strawberry scented body wash. The warm water was sliding the suds off of her arms when she began to hear a faint noise. The sound punctuated the air but was prolonged. Chrissy tensed up just slightly. After a few moments passed where she could focus a bit more, she heard the unmistakable sound.

Pleasurable moaning was filling the air. The constant slamming of water against the fiberglass shower could not drown out the beautiful sound. As Chrissy listened intently, the echoes of the moans seemed to consume her thoughts. Who was moaning? Was it really Tara? There is no one else on this floor, Chrissy thought to herself. She could not make out the voice, but she could not turn the shower off or the other person might think that she was listening.

A few more moments passed, and Chrissy started feeling flush. Her body was tingling a bit, and as the intensity of the moaning increased, so did the volume. Chrissy continued to rub her arms, realizing she had goosebumps. The steam from the warm water continued to relax her. Her quarter-sized nipples, pale pink and quite a contrast from her fiery red hair, began to tighten, protruding further from her large breasts. Almost instinctively, she started to drag her fingers along the pointy nipples. She half closed her eyes as the touch to her sensitive skin sent shockwaves through her. She was focusing on them when the loud crescendo of pleasure was heard from the other shower.

Oh my god, Chrissy thought. That is Tara!

Her own breathing was becoming a bit heavier. Weeks of stress had taken a toll, and Chrissy could not help how she started to feel. Her body felt so warm, and her hands were all over her breasts, her fingers tweaking the nipples a bit harder. They were now very sensitive to the touch, and even a light tweak sent a very pleasurable chill through her body.

As she listened to her friend in her passion a few shower stalls away, Chrissy felt a new desire, a bit unsure as to what it was but a pleasant feeling nonetheless. She trailed her fingers slowly around her tits then glided them over her stomach. Though she rarely got attention from guys, she still loved the thrill of touching her own body, but she couldn't recall the last time that she had done so. Damn studying. 

She moved her fingers lower and through her thick bush, the color of her pubes nearly the same as her fiery red hair. Chrissy let her fingers play a bit, twirling the hair around them, delaying the inevitable. As the moaning from the other shower continued, Chrissy slid her fingers over her labia. They were very swollen, her aroused state no longer able to be denied. She felt how wet she had become and could not wait any longer. She slid two fingers in her mouth, her juices still coating them. Her clit had swelled as well, and she gently massaged around it, the intensity and pleasure already flowing through her veins as her knees weakened. 

It had been too long, Chrissy thought.

She brought her other hand up to her chest, fondling her left tit and massaging her hard nipple. She alternated between both breasts, the touch intensifying what she was doing with her other hand. As her clit swelled further, she let two fingers dive into her pussy. She rhythmically moved them in and out, her breathing becoming so rapid, her moaning growing louder. She tried to keep her voice down, but the thought of her friend masturbating in the other shower was too much. Chrissy had never felt this horny in her life.

She knew her body wasn't going to take much more. Her fingers were slick, and her clit was extremely swollen. She brought her other hand from her breast and started rubbing her clit a bit faster, a third finger in the other hand gently sliding into her pussy. "Oh, yes", she moaned. Chrissy could no longer stop it. It was an out of control train. She was breathing faster, the moaning louder, the pleasure reaching its peak. She still tried to be quiet, the warm shower water still somewhat muffling her sounds. She kept going, fingering her tight, wet pussy as she rubbed her clit. She nearly screamed, the climax of her orgasm washing over her like an ocean wave. Her knees buckled a bit and she slid down, sitting on the shower floor to catch her breath. A smile crossed her face as she realized how badly she had needed to cum.

After a few moments, the excitement subsided and she stood up. She felt relaxed, more than she had in quite some time. It took a minute for her to realize that the other shower was no longer running. Chrissy wondered if Tara had just left. A jolt of panic quickly fanned across her mind. What if she heard me, Chrissy wondered. She thought back to the day when she met Tara. I made myself look like a fool that day, she thought. And now I may have embarrassed myself again in the presence of my lone friend on campus. 

Chrissy turned off the shower and grabbed her towel. She wrapped it around her, picked up her clothes and quickly headed back to her room. As she closed the door, her worry subsided a bit when she realized that Tara must have known that she was in there. So, if anything, we both embarrassed ourselves. This relieved her a bit.

Chrissy slid her t-shirt and boxers on, flipped the overhead light off, and hopped into bed. She was too relaxed and sleepy now to work on any more Physics homework. As her eyes closed, she remembered that she had agreed to get together with Tara tomorrow night. Hopefully, tonight's shower activities would not be discussed. She smiled just a bit then drifted off to sleep, happy and relaxed for the first time in weeks.