 By Christie and Linda 

Note to readers: We met online, due to Literotica, but have never met. We became friends and decided to write this together. It is based upon a true experience. 

***** 

Christie had been waiting an hour for her annual OB/GYN appointment. She had deliberately scheduled the last appointment of the day because she wasn't sure if she had the courage to ask the doctor the key question that had been bothering her for months. Obviously, the Dr. was running late. Doctors usually run late. 

It was almost 6 o'clock and Christie saw that most of the nurses and office staff had left for the day. A door opened and Dr. Linda Henderson walked into the waiting room. "Okay Christie it's your turn. Sorry I'm so late." Dr. Henderson was beautiful. She seemed to be a clone of Christie in both height, weight and breast size. But there similarity ended. In direct contrast to Christie's red hair and green eyes she had deep brown eyes and hair. 

As they entered the exam room, Dr. Henderson smiled at Christie, saying, "Again, I wish to apologize for being late. The office is closed for the night. Everyone else is gone. My nurse had a parent teacher's conference scheduled at her child's school. I told her to keep it. So this afternoon I'm going to be both nurse and physician. Are you okay with that? If not, we'll reschedule." 

Christie smiled, saying, "I don't have a problem with it." 

Dr. Henderson did all the usual things: weighed Christie, took her blood pressure and temperature and asked about her medications. She asked, "Would you please take off your clothes, put on this gown and sit on the exam table? And Christie, is there anything specific you're concerned about or want to talk about during the exam?" 

As Christie was removing her clothes she had turned her back on Dr. Henderson. After she got into her gown Christie noticed Dr. Henderson had turned away from her. "I'm ready." she said. 

Dr. Henderson stepped to the examining table and began to examine Christie. She noticed Christie had a very nervous smile and was blushing. "Relax Christie. You've been through this many times before." 

Christie had been trying to get her courage up to ask Dr. Henderson the question that had been bothering her. Finally, she softly said, "Dr. Henderson you've examined me before and know that I have a very large clit. The truth is that some of my women friends have been asking me how big it really is when I'm aroused. I've tried measuring it. As a clinical scientist, I can tell you that both the angles and timing were all wrong for me to get an accurate reading myself. Would you please measure it for me?" 

At this point, Dr. Henderson was just beginning Christie's pelvic exam. She chuckled and said, "Never in my career have I ever been asked to measure someone's clitoris. Since I know you're a clinical scientist, it must be frustrating for you not be able to get an accurate measurement. If you're willing, I'll try. You do know that when you're aroused your clit will mostly increase in diameter rather than length? I'll be right back." 

She removed her fingers from Christie and left the room. Christie heaved a huge sigh of relief. She had actually found the courage to ask for help. She relaxed. 

Dr. Henderson returned to the room holding a small clear plastic ruler. Christie could see that it was a metric ruler. Giggling slightly, Christie said, "How appropriate. That's a metric ruler and we're doing a scientific experiment." 

Dr. Henderson placed the ruler between Christie legs, saying "Just relax. I'll measure it now." Christie felt the pressure of the ruler being laid against her clit. Before she realized it Christie let out a small moan of pleasure. 

"Relax Christie I'm just getting started. Right now it's 5.3 cm long. As a scientist, I know that you know that's around 2 inches. Would you like me to provide stimulation so we can measure how long it is when you're really aroused?" 

Christie responded, "Oh yes, please." 

Dr. Henderson paused and smiled at Christie as she asked, "You do understand what I intend to do, don't you?" Christie nodded and noted she was getting turned on as she began to feel a stirring deep within her body. 

"Christie, lay down. Please close your eyes and don't open them until I tell you to do so. No peeking!" said Dr. Hudson as she also giggled slightly. Christie closed her eyes. 

For a moment there was silence and only the sound of both of them breathing. Christie knew her own breathing had quickened and she thought Dr. Henderson's had as well. She heard the rustling of material and thought. "Oh My God, she's taking her clothes off!" 

She felt Dr. Henderson take Christie's hand into hers as she whispered into Christie's ear "Don't open your eyes yet. But I'll tell you that when you open your eyes you'll be totally surprised. Please don't say anything until I've finished the exam." 

Softly Christie said, "The scientist in me wants to know, and as a human being I really want to know about my clit issue. I've been dealing with the size question since I went through puberty. When I was a teenager it kept growing bigger and bigger. Go ahead with you exam. Please." 

Dr. Henderson let go of Christie's hand. Christie felt Dr. Henderson resuming the exam. But something was different. At first Christie couldn't figure out what was different. She gasped as she realized the fingers in her pussy weren't covered by a rubber glove. 

Hearing Christie gasp, Dr. Henderson said, "Relax Christie. Keep your eyes closed until I tell you to open them." 

Christie felt warm air gently blowing across her clit. The sensation disappeared and she felt Dr. Henderson gripping her hand. "Open your eyes Christie." 

As she followed the command and looked at Dr. Henderson, Christie realized Dr. Henderson was standing beside her completely naked. Speechless, all Christie could do was stare at that beautiful body with its perky breasts and shaved pussy. A huge smile spread across Dr. Henderson's face as she said, "Christie please listen carefully. You don't know me well nor do I know you. However, when I saw your name on the appointment list I remembered your huge clit from the last exam. It is without a doubt the largest one I have ever seen. I've been turned on all day just thinking about you." 

"Christie, please sit up. I... really like girls. You're so gorgeous I'd really love to experience making love with you... especially because you have such a beautiful clit. Please understand this would be a one-time event for both of us. Is this OK? Are you willing to let me explore your beautiful body, and would you like to explore mine as well? Please say yes, and please call me Linda." 

Christie was absolutely speechless. As Linda untied Christie's exam gown and let it slide off her shoulders, thoughts of her new girlfriend, Julia, and the closeness they were beginning to develop, flashed through Christie's brain. However, she had become so turned on by the possibilities of this adventure that her body, not her brain, was in control. "Do you want to go on?" Linda asked, as she gently squeezed Christie's breasts and let her fingers tease her nipples into hardness. Linda's fingers were replaced by her tongue and Christie's nipples became even harder. 

Christie moaned as her pleasure began to rise and all thoughts of her new girlfriend vanished. "Yes! Don't stop now Linda. Please don't stop now." Linda smiled, allowing her tongue to leave a wet trail across Christie's stomach. She paused at the sight of Christie's red landing strip and smoothly shaved pussy. 

As Linda's tongue began to lick from the bottom to the top of her pussy lips, Christie heard her moan. "Your pussy juices taste wonderful. I'm going to have to drink them all. Even then, I'm not sure I'll have enough." With that Linda sucked Christie's clit into her mouth and rapidly flicked it with her tongue side to side, up and down, and round and round. Then in and out, in and out. And then she started over. 

She alternated clit licking with long licks of Christie's pussy from top to bottom and back. Each time she reached the top her tongue flicked quickly against Christie's clit. Christie was getting higher and higher. She could feel the stirring deep within her, signifying she would come soon. Suddenly, all of the wonderful stimulation stopped. "Linda! You can't don't stop now. I'm so close." 

She thought she heard Linda say, "Time for science." 

Christie felt something being pressed against her clit. She realized Linda must be measuring her. "That's unbelievable! Christie your clit is 6.6 cm long." (Christie calculated later that this was the same as 2.6 inches. Roughly as large as her thumb. But at that moment she couldn't calculate anything.) 

Christie moaned, "I don't care. Please let me come, I've got to come." She felt Linda's tongue as it returned to her clit, which was then sucked into Linda's mouth. They both moaned with pleasure. Linda stuck two fingers into Christie's pussy and began moving them in and out rapidly, just as Christie's clit was moving rapidly in and out of Linda's mouth. 

Christie knew she was close and screamed, "I'm coming." Her pelvis arched up against Linda's mouth. Linda felt warm liquid cover her hands and fingers as Christie squirted her love juices. Linda quickly replaced her fingers with her mouth and lapped up every drop she could find of those sweet juices. Christie fell back exhausted, and the stars she saw went out. 

A few minutes later she awoke and felt Linda wiping her face with a damp cloth. "Thank you Linda. That was unbelievable. Let me return the favor." 

Linda smiled and said, "I would love that. I want you to fuck me with that beautiful clit of yours." 

Christie got up and told Linda to lie down on the exam table. After she did, Christie said, "Close your eyes Linda and let me take care of everything. I hope I can give you the same pleasure you gave me." 

Christie could taste herself on Linda's lips as she drove her tongue deep into Linda's mouth while her fingers caressed Linda's breasts and tweaked her nipples. Linda moaned with pleasure as Christie's mouth moved from her neck to her breasts. After paying homage to each of Linda's beautiful breasts, Christie began leaving a wet trail to the top of Linda's pussy and on to her clit. As Christie began tasting Linda's love juices, she quickly moved her mouth over Linda's pussy lips and stuck her tongue deep into Linda's pussy. But then she heard Linda saying, "No. No. Please stop!" 

"That's wonderful, Christie, but I want you to fuck me with your beautiful clit. Come into me. Fuck me." 

Christie stopped. Stunned, she replied: "But... I'm not sure..." 

Linda reassured her in a soothing voice, "You're big enough. Plenty big enough. I'm the doctor, remember? You'll be great." 

After the extreme pleasure she had received from Linda, Christie could only try to acquiesce to Linda's plea. Christie slid up Linda's body until her pussy tightly fit against Linda's. Christie began moving her pussy so that her clit would enter Linda's pussy. She was passionately kissing Linda at the same time. 

Linda soon tore her mouth away and said, "My God you're inside me. You're fucking me! Fuck me harder!" 

Christie intensified her thrusting motions against Linda's pussy. She felt their pussies getting wetter and wetter as they rubbed together. She was overcome by the knowledge that she was, indeed, inside Linda. She knew Linda was close to coming and started moving faster and harder with the hope they would both come at the same time. Linda arched her back, grabbed Christie's rear, and held herself tightly against Christie's pussy. "I'm coming!" 

Christie looked down at Linda's lovely face as she was coming. Christie loved the feeling of Linda's juices against her pussy and the knowledge that her clit was inside her. Both feelings, together, were mindblowing. Christie rose slightly on her hands, positioning her sensitive breasts over Linda's face. Linda eagerly started sucking. The sensations from her breasts and her clit as she thrusted in and out of Linda was overpowering, and Christie came harder than she could ever remember. 

Afterwards they lay together, gasping for breath, waiting for some sense of normalcy to return. Linda gave Christie a kiss and then a hug. "I love the way you fucked me. It was absolutely fantastic. The best fucking I've ever had. By far. By far. I dated guys before I worked up the courage to admit I liked girls, and once I experienced lesbian lovemaking I never looked back. But you ... combine the best of both worlds. You're beautiful, your breasts are incredible, you're wonderfully soft and sensuous, with fantastic breasts. And your passion, your gentleness, softness - so much better than any guy. All of it. But even though girls are better at lovemaking in almost every way, I admit that I do on occasion like the feeling of being penetrated. But to be fucked by a girl - fucked by a gorgeous, passionate girl - I never imagined it would happen. I still can't get over it. Thank you." 

Christie whispered, "No, thank you. It was amazing for me too. Fucking you was unbelievable, the best ever. I can't believe I've never tried that before. It sounds crazy, but for some reason I never thought of my clit in that way before. But now..." 

Linda gently kissed Christie again. "We need to get cleaned up. Let me show you our shower." They took a wonderful shower together, washing each other off, kissing and caressing the whole time. 

After they got dressed they stood looking at each other. Christie took Linda's hand, saying, "Thank you for a fantastic adventure and for measuring my clit. I had a wonderful time." 

Linda said, "So did I! I've never been loved by someone with a clit even nearly as large as yours. I'll never forget this experience. And you're so sweet, so special... Maybe we can repeat it again sometime? I'd really like that."  

Christie paused as thoughts of her new girlfriend, Julia, flashed across her mind. She also felt pangs of guilt because, even though she had only met her a short time ago, fucking Linda made her realize she was falling in love with Julia. Fucking Linda had been great. But more importantly, it had caused Christie's emotions to crystalize. She decided that for the foreseeable future she would only fuck - only make love with - Julia. 

"I can't thank you enough for today. But this has made me realize I'm falling in love with Julia. From now on she'll be my only lover as long as she'll have me. I'm going to ask her to go steady." 

Linda smiled. "I certainly understand. I wish you and Julia my very best. May happiness always be with you both." 

As Christie walked towards her car she felt elated. She had finally realized - admitted to herself - that she was in love with Julia. For the first time in her life she had broken through her scar tissue and her self-imposed inhibitions. She told herself it wasn't too soon in their relationship to tell Julia she loved her. 

Christie trembled with anticipation and fear. She dialed Julia's number and when she answered Christie said, "Hi Julia. I'm on my way to see you. Can we talk after I get there?" Christie disconnected the call. She began driving towards Julia's house with a smile on her lips and wonderful warmth in her heart.