 I lurched into my dorm room and sat heavily on my bed. Natalie looked up from her studying, and raised an eyebrow. We had only been in school for three weeks, but living together 24/7 we had already bonded as friends. She knew I was upset.

"You're back early, Emma," Natalie commented. "It's not even midnight. Did Jimmy get drunk?"

"Yeah, but that's not why I left."

She waited.

"He wanted to go all the way."

"Hey, sounds juicy! I want to hear all the details."

Natalie knew that I was a virgin, and that I wasn't looking to change that anytime soon. Until last year, I had been the heavyset girl with braces and bad skin. Then miraculously I grew three inches, which helped me shed the weight. The braces came off and my skin cleared up. Just as the boys were beginning to notice, I graduated. I had a summer fling that involved a lot of kissing and groping, but I was too afraid to take it further. Now that I was in college, I wasn't trying to hold onto my virginity for its own sake, but Jimmy and I had only been seeing each other for a week. I wasn't ready to have sex, but he was.

"We were kissing and kind of fooling around," I said. "We were also drinking wine."

"Hey, at least it wasn't beer. I hate beer breath."

"He was playing with my boobs and running his hands all over me. It felt really good. I was tipsy and a bit dizzy, so we lay down.

"His hands were under my skirt, all over my legs and ass. The next thing I knew, panties were gone. Between the kissing and the wine, I never even felt him take them off."

I pulled my panties from my pocket and tossed them in the hamper. They were damp and smelly, and I just couldn't put them back on. Natalie just giggled.

"So you walked back here commando style! It's a good thing it wasn't windy. With that skirt you would have flashed half the campus."

"I was careful," I said. "What scared me was how it felt, Natalie. My skin was on fire. My head was pounding, and not just from the wine. When he put his finger in me, I couldn't help myself. I actually moaned. I couldn't stop him. I didn't want to stop him. God, I'm still worked up. I've never felt like that before.

"Next thing I know his pants are around his knees and he's crawling between my legs. I panicked. I just pushed him off and ran out. He kept calling my name, but I was too scared and embarrassed to turn back."

Natalie came over and sat next to me. I flopped back on the bed, still feeling woozy from the alcohol, my pulse still racing from Jimmy's touch. She gently brushed a few strands of hair out of my face. I pulled my feet up onto the bed so I could lie straight, my knees bent, slightly parted, and pointing to the ceiling.

"God, I wanted to do it so badly, Natalie," I cried, bursting into tears. "But I'm just afraid. My body was screaming yes, but my head was saying no."

"Shhh. Its okay, Emma," she murmured, still stroking my face.

I pulled my arm over my eyes, partially hiding my face. I could still feel the wine. The room was spinning again and I didn't want to look. I remembered his fingers as they rolled my nipples. God that had gotten me damp! His hands under my skirt, stroking the soft, sensitive flesh of my inner thighs inflamed my senses. Somehow they seemed softer and gentler in my mind.

I let out a ragged sigh and squirmed on the bed. His hands. I could still feel his hands spreading my knees wide, caressing the backs of my thighs right up to my ass cheeks, and then moving to stroke the insides of my thighs, mere inches from my swollen, heated pussy. Through my half drunken fog the memory was slower and more gentle than the reality had been. But it didn't matter. My senses were inflamed; my skin was on fire once again. If he were to burst into the room right now, I would probably let him do anything he wanted.

In my head his finger parted the wet lips of my pussy, stroking deftly between them, his palm cupping the outside. His finger found my clit and began tracing lazy circles around it. I groaned and let my knees fall wide open.

Wait. Something was wrong. With an effort, I raised my arm and peeked underneath it. My knees were spread wide, my skirt bunched up on my stomach. Natalie's hand was cupping my pussy, her finger flicking my clit and making me quiver all over. She was staring at my pussy, but must have sensed my gaze. She turned and looked at me, her finger never ceasing its motion.

"Relax, Emma," she whispered. "This is what you need. I'm going to help you."

My legs were shaking and my hips undulated slowly, guided by a mysterious force not under my control. I wanted to stop her. My mind didn't want this to happen, but my body was screaming to let her do whatever she wanted.

Then it happened. One last caress of my swollen clit and my orgasm boiled over. My legs turned to jelly and my pelvis convulsed as a wave of pleasure rolled over me. Natalie's finger never lost its gentle contact with my clit, now rolling it in small circles. I cried out softly as my whole body shook. A second and third shock wave rippled through me.

Finally Natalie took mercy on me and pulled her finger from between my pussy lips. She left her hand cupping the slick, heated flesh and eased herself down beside me. Her free hand stroked my face and hair. I sobbed with relief and turned my face into her neck. The wonderful release of my pent up frustration mingled with the shame and fear of what had just happened.

**********************

I woke up in the morning, still dressed, still without underwear, but with a sheet pulled over me. Fortunately I didn't have a hangover. In fact I felt great. I stretched, loosening my muscles and enjoying the relaxed, all over glow I had. I thought about taking a shower. I could feel the sticky, dried fluids all over my pussy and thighs.

Just then Natalie stepped into the room, a towel wrapped around her, and nothing else. Obviously she had just finished the shower I was planning to have. She casually pulled the towel off and began to dry her hair. I just stared at her naked body. Her face was hidden behind the moving towel. Her body was magnificent, athletic where mine was lush. Her breasts were a nice B cup with thick, dark nipples. Her flat stomach led down to a complete hairless pussy. Oh my god! Natalie had shaved her pubic completely hair off. I just gaped at it. She turned toward the dresser as she finished with her hair, and I saw the firm, round globes of her naked ass. Draping the towel over a drawer handle, she pulled out a pair of skimpy green panties and pulled them on.

"Um...about last night," I stammered.

"What about it?" She said over her shoulder as she put on a matching bra.

"Well..."

"You're over thinking it, Emma. You came home all horny and a bit drunk. You needed to get laid, but didn't want you to give up your cherry to Jimmy. All I did was help get you off. It's no big deal."

"So you're not...not a...you know."

"No, no, no. Don't worry, I'm not going to try and date you. Look. If Jimmy had been more of a gentleman, he wouldn't have tried to stick his cock in you. That's all guys seem to want to do. They have no imagination about ways to have sex without intercourse.

"Anyway, don't you feel better? And don't try and tell me you didn't like what I did last night. I was there too. You came, like, four times! You're a multi-orgasmic virgin. No wonder Jimmy has the hots for you."

"Thank you, I guess. And yeah, I liked it. You're much better than Jimmy."

"Well, duh! I'm a girl. You better go take your shower while there's still hot water."

**********************

Natalie and I didn't talk about it after that. She acted so natural and relaxed, as if nothing had happened, that I was soon able to do the same.

It was a couple of days before Jimmy and I had any alone time again. I steered clear of the alcohol, although he did offer. What I couldn't steer clear of were his hands and lips. They did such wonderful things to my overly sensitive skin. It wasn't long before he had his hands down my pants and my hips were grinding into his fingers. It took every ounce of my willpower to drag myself away from him. I still wasn't ready to surrender my virginity and he wasn't willing to settle for less.

I shut the door of my dorm room behind me, and just leaned against the frame. My blood was pounding and my panties were more than damp. Thank god Natalie wasn't there. It was late, so I flopped on my bed, still woozy with lust. I needed release and I needed it bad. I stripped down, throwing my clothes on the floor and climbed into bed, pulling just a sheet up over me.

My fingers eased between my slick pussy lips and found my pulsating clit. It didn't feel half as good as letting Jimmy touch me, and only a tenth as good as Natalie. I didn't want to think about Natalie and her magic fingers, but no matter how much I tried to concentrate on Jimmy, images of her kept intruding. I was lost in fantasy when the door opened and Natalie stepped in.

"Oh! Sorry!" She gasped with a twinkle in her eye. I was mortified. I was under the sheet, but my knees were raised high and wide, forming a tent. My face was red and flushed, and I was breathing erratically. It was obvious what I was doing.

"I didn't mean to interrupt," Natalie giggled. I just stared at her, my fingers still buried in my pussy, but not daring to move. She picked up my sticky panties and gave them a quick whiff.

"I see you and Jimmy spent some quality time together," She said with a grin.

"Uh..." was all I could manage.

"Don't let me stop you from finishing, honey," Natalie said, sitting on the edge of the bed.

"That's okay," I stammered. "I'll just go take a shower."

"Uh-uh. You need this. But let's get you out from under that sheet so I can watch."

I made a feeble attempt to keep myself covered, clinging to the top of the sheet with one hand. Natalie tugged insistently on the sheet until she won. I lay there, mortified. This couldn't be happening. Why wasn't I stopping her? She drew the sheet down my body, exposing my naked breasts, then my belly. When it reached my lower waist, I finally pulled my hand from my crotch and closed my knees. The sheet slid up over my knees and pooled around my feet.

"You don't need to be so modest, darling," Natalie cooed. Her hands cupped my kneecaps and drew them apart. Wide apart.

I just lay there. My mind screamed at me to do or say something. I was caught on the knife edge of lust and shame. Half of me wanted to sink my fingers into the folds of my pussy and get myself off while Natalie watched. The other half wanted to hide under the covers and never come out. I closed my eyes, trying to block out erotic images of Natalie from the other night.

"You have a gorgeous body," Natalie whispered. "I can see why Jimmy can't keep his hands off of you."

Her hands began to glide up and down my legs, stroking the sensitive skin of my inner thighs. It made my skin tingle. I suppressed the urge to moan.

"Come on, sweetie, you know how to do it," she whispered. "Your pretty pussy is wide open. Let your fingers go."

I wanted to, but I couldn't. Natalie's knowing hands were stoking the fires of my passion, but my guilt was feeding the flames of my shame just as quickly.

"Poor baby. Got stage fright? Here, let me help you."

I gasped as her fingers lightly stroked the outer flesh of my pussy. My leg and hips began to quiver. Her other hand continued to caress my legs and lower stomach. I felt the bed shift as she moved between my wide spread legs.

I was her captive now, prisoner to the wonderful, electric touch of her fingers as they explored the slick, heated flesh of my pussy. I moaned softly, lifting my trembling hips to give her easier access.

"Oh, yes, baby," Natalie purred. "I'll take good care of you."

Her hands reached under my naked ass, gripping both cheeks. She pulled me toward her, up onto her lap. My legs were spread wide around her, my exposed pussy tilted up. Both her hands moved to my splayed open pussy, exploring and stroking. I just groaned, my head rocking back and forth on the mattress.

"My, oh my. You certainly get revved up fast," Natalie purred. "No wonder you've had such trouble with Jimmy. "

Then her hands left my pussy altogether, sliding up my stomach. I whimpered shamelessly, undulating my hips, silently begging her to return. Instead her slick fingers caught my erect nipples, rolling them in the oily secretions from my pussy. I arched my back, pushing into her hands.

"Your tits are so beautiful, Emma," she whispered. "And your nipples are absolutely scrumptious. I love how big and stiff they get."

Natalie pulled her hands back down my body, tracing lazy circles around my navel before sliding back into my pussy. My body was shaking with desire. My head was rolling back and forth on my pillow. She eased a finger into my vagina. The thumb of her other hand nuzzled against my throbbing clit. I stopped breathing for a moment as she grew still.

Then she began to slowly pump her finger in and out of my vagina while caressing my clit in a circular motion. Her finger tip was stroking a spot on the inside of my vagina that was indescribable. It only took a few moments before the waves of my orgasm crashed over me. I was clutching the sheets and thrashing on the bed. My legs wrapped around Natalie's waist and hung on for dear life.

Natalie didn't slow down at all. She kept up the steady rhythm of her plunging finger and rotating thumb. I had barely finished my first orgasm before a second one rumbled up from deep inside me. I cried out softly, unable to stay quiet any longer. My cries turned to sobs as she refused to relinquish my pussy. A third climax tore through me, and then a fourth.

Natalie finally relented, pulling her hands from my drenched pussy. She eased herself out from under me. I gathered enough strength to crack open my eyes. I was splayed on the bed, my breasts jiggling with my erratic breathing, my skin shining with sweat. Natalie was naked from the waist down, but still wore her shirt. Her erect nipples threatened to poke holes in the material. Her thighs were wet and shiny from my juices. Her hairless pussy was perfectly framed by the hem of her shirt and her thighs.

"I'm glad I took off my shorts," Natalie said casually. "You would have soaked them. I need a shower, and so do you. I'd better take the first one. You don't look ready to get up yet."

She left and I pulled the sheet back up to my neck. I felt really good; all relaxed and content. What was going on with me? My body's sexual urges were running rampant through my life. A few caresses from Jimmy and I became an animal in heat. All Natalie had to do was look at me with those smoldering eyes and I let her have her way with me. What the hell was happening to me?

When Natalie returned, I was still lying in bed, but covered up now. I watched as she casually tossed her robe on her bed and rummaged through her drawers. Her naked body was magnificent. A small part of me wondered what it would be like to ease my fingers in her pussy and watch her shudder with desire. I quickly squashed that thought. Natalie stepped into her skimpy, sky blue panties. She must have seen me staring at her out of the corner of her eye. Holding a lacy bra in her hand, she studied me for a second and then came and sat down beside me again.

"Oh, honey," she said sympathetically. "You look so confused."

"What's going on, Natalie?" I asked, close to tears. "Why do you keep having sex with me? Why am I letting you?"

"Sweetie, you're thinking about it the wrong way. Look, you're my best friend on this campus. When I see the way Jimmy leaves you, I just want to help."

"I don't understand."

"You know I have a lot more experience with sex than you. I can tell you that sometimes sex is all love and emotion and passion. But sometimes sex is just about what your body needs. Sometimes a girl just needs someone to help her relieve the tension. That's what I'm doing. You let Jimmy get you all worked up, and then you've got no way to finish what he started."

"I suppose that makes sense."

"You know, when I was sixteen I was in exactly your situation. I had a boyfriend that was always trying to get in my pants. My best friend helped me the same way I'm helping you."

"So she helped you stay a virgin too?"

Natalie laughed, "Well, for a while. I liked what she did so much that I decided to let Carl go all the way with me. For about a year I was a real nympho. I'd fuck Carl silly one day and let Abby do me the next. It was great! Then Carl broke up with me and it was just Abby and I for a while. Even that ended when she fell in love with one of the cheerleaders. But that was okay. I wasn't in love with either of them. For me it was just about the sex."

"So that's all we're doing? We're just having casual sex?"

She laughed again, "We're not even doing that much. I'm just helping you when you need it. There's nothing wrong with what we're doing, but if you want me to stop, I will."

Her face was completely open and honest. I took in her nearly perfect breasts with those perky nipples. I knew deep in my gut that she could probably seduce me anytime she wanted. I doubted I could resist her touch. Why shouldn't I let her touch me? It felt so good, better than anything I had ever experienced. And Natalie said it didn't really mean anything.

"No," I said softly. "I don't want you to stop."

"Good!" Natalie said brightly. "I kind of like doing you. You make the sexiest noises when you cum. Now, you're going to have to do a couple of things if we're going to make this work. First of all, you're going to have to be nicer to Jimmy."

"What do you mean?"

"You're leaving the poor boy with blue balls every time you guys hook up. That's not fair to him. If you aren't going to let him fuck you, you need to start getting him with your hands or mouth. Trust me, you can own a guy with a good blowjob."

"I don't think I could do that."

"It's not as bad as it sounds. If I'm turned on enough, I actually like doing it. But if it grosses you out, just use your hands. Once he cums, your precious virginity is safe for the night."

"Okay."

"Second, you need to trim you pussy hair. I like to feel smooth skin down there, just like I have. We'll take care of that tomorrow. Oh, and don't worry about Jimmy's reaction. I've never met a guy that didn't just about cum in his pants at the thought of a bare pussy. Now go take a shower."

**********************

The next day I was studying in our room when Natalie came in. She went to her drawers and pulled out a razor and some bottles.

"Are you ready, girl?" She asked with a grin.

"Oh. You want me to do that now?" I asked. I guess I had been avoiding thinking about when and how this would happen. "Is it different than shaving my armpits? I mean, I wouldn't want to cut myself down there."

"Don't be silly. I'll do it for you this first time. It's easy. Then all you have to do it maintain it."

I was a little shocked. I hadn't considered the possibility that Natalie would be shaving my pussy. She got busy laying a towel on the bed and arranging the bottles.

"Okay, Emma. Take off your shorts and get up on the towel."

Reluctantly, I took off my short and panties, but I left my shirt and socks on. I felt kind of ridiculous half dressed like that. I positioned myself on the towel. Natalie pulled my knees higher and spread them wide.

"Just as pretty as I remember," she said with a catch in her voice. It was a bit humiliating to lie there spread open like that in front of her.

Natalie used scissors to trim my pussy hair close. Her fingers pushed and pulled the folds of my pussy to get to all the necessary spots. I could feel myself reacting to her touch and willed myself to lie still. Next she sprayed some sort of gel on my pussy and used the razor to carefully shave off all the stubble. As she expertly handled the sensitive skin of my pussy, I could feel the warmth building in me. What kind of a sex addict was I that I could get turned on by her shaving me? Finally, she squirted baby oil on her hands and spread it all over.
