 Christine placed the newly arrived package on the table and sat looking at it for a while. This was the result of several months of her own designs and several more in collaboration with a small manufacturer who specialised in prosthetics.

The idea came from an overheard conversation while sitting in a bar and she pondered on how eavesdropping on other people's conversations are often more interesting than your own.

"A strap-on's great, but there's no sense of power, it's permanently hard."

That was exactly how Christine felt. Although now a confirmed lesbian she missed the control she had when sucking a man's cock. The feel when it erects into her hand or mouth gave her the impression she partly owned the appendage. Christine decided a cock was great; it was a pity what it was connected too no longer attracted her. Thus it was she set out on the hunt for the perfect strap-on; she couldn't find it, because in her mind it didn't exist.

As a design student she decided if she couldn't buy it she would make it, or get someone else to. She found a small mid-western firm willing to work with her on it, for most of her savings, and so it began. 

Designs and ideas flashed back and forth between them, until the package arrived. Christine decided a shower would come first; she was finding the anticipation delicious. Would this be the culmination of all her hard work or a disappointing end to it? She prolonged her shower as long as possible, imagining the results. 

She carefully selected her attire for her usual night out with the girls. Normally she wore close fitting trousers and top to extenuate her curves but tonight a looser garment would be required.

Friday night was girls only in 'The Cellar', no men allowed, so hearing only high-pitched voices when Christine arrived was no surprise. A final adjustment to her clothes and Christine entered the bar, spotting Dawn and Mel at their usual table.

"Get the drinks in," Mel shouted as soon as she saw her, "You're late." 

Christine bought the usual drinks for the three of them and carried them to the table.

"Not your usual sexy clothes," Dawn said as Christine sat down. "Are you packing?" she asked, staring intently at her groin. "Not much of one if you are."

"Just wait until you see," Christine answered with a wink. Mel reached under the table.

"No you don't, you have to wait," Christine said, with a laugh, "You lack self-restraint, you do."

"Come on, just a quick feel," Dawn said, her hand creeping across the table.

Christine reached out and grasping it brought it to her lips. "No," she said kissing the back of her hand, "The anticipation will make you all the wetter." All three girls laughed drawing the attention of the other customers.

Although the bar was almost full conversations could still be heard at the nearby tables. This wasn't the usual bar, playing loud dance music, it was for quiet, intimate get-togethers; a place where girls picked up girls or relationships developed. It was here that Christine's idea first surfaced and it felt fitting that it was to be here for its first outing.

Earlier than usual Mel remarked that it was time to go.

"Who's apartment tonight?" she asked.

"You're eager, aren't you," Christine said, with a smile, "It'll have to be mine."

The girls stood and Mel moved around the table to kiss Christine, her groin moving close to feel the bulge in her clothes.

"No you don't," Christine laughed. "Later," she added, looking around the room. No one seemed to have noticed their sexy behaviour as most were engaged in their own.

"A girl's got to try something," Mel laughed, "I can't wait to see what you have between your legs."

"You've seen it before and licked it," Dawn said with a suggestive leer on her face, "We both have."

The taxi ride seemed to take forever, Christine spending most of the time protecting her groin and kissing the others while the driver adjusted his rear-view mirror to obtain the best view.

When they arrived at the apartment Mel paid the driver, glancing at the bulge in the front of his trousers and the open fly.

"He was wanking," she exclaimed, when they were inside.

"I hope he stained his pants," Dawn laughed, "Talking about pants, what's in yours, Chris?" she added.

"Bedroom, I think," Christine replied, leading the way.

Mel was the first to start undressing, loosening the top buttons of her blouse. Dawn's hand crept inside caressing the creamy orbs while kissing her passionately. Christine stood back watching as Dawn slowly undressed her partner until she stood only in bra and panties. Dawn was next, each item discarded followed by a long lingering kiss. With both girls down to their lingerie they turned towards Christine, still fully dressed. Dawn moved towards her, allowing her hand to slip down to Christine's groin, this time she didn't stop her. Soon their lips were together, their tongues exploring each other's mouth. Mel moved behind Christine and reached around, between the girls, to loosen the button of Christine's pants and draw the zipper down. She eased the trousers to the floor and both girls stood back in amazement.

Strapped around Christine's waist was the most elaborate harness either of them had ever seen. Most of the belts the girls had seen were purely an unfortunate necessity required to hold the cock in place. This one was different. The sides were wide, about four inches, with the most ornate embroidery. The front had attached a limp penis, about three to four inches long, almost indistinguishable from the real thing, whilst behind it disappearing inside Christine was the shaft of a dildo held in place by the harness.

"You've been walking around with a dildo up your pussy all night?" Mel exclaimed, "You lucky thing, I hope it's bigger than that," she added pointing at the limp cock dangling between Christine's legs.

"Why don't you make it bigger," Christine said, pushing Mel down to her knees in front of her.

"You're joking, aren't you?" Mel said, looking up at Christine but she still took the limp cock into her hand and started stroking it.

"Feels nice," she exclaimed, "Just like the real thing," she added, moving the loose skin up and down the shaft.

Christine moved her hand to the side of the harness and began to move a small dial hidden in the embroidery. The cock pulsed and Mel jumped back, alarmed.

"It moved," she whispered, "I'm sure the fuckin' thing moved itself."

Christine moved Mel's hand back unto the cock and covered it with her own, both girls wanking the hard shaft. The cock moved again, and then slowly uncoiled like a cobra raising its head. The appendage got bigger and harder until it stood fully erect, nine inches of hard rod. Mel and Dawn looked on, amazed.

"How the fuck did you do that?" Dawn asked bending to examine the cock, at close quarters.

Christine moved the dial back slightly and the cock lost a little of its hardness and pointed almost horizontally away from her body.

Dawn grasped the shaft and started wanking it again, a turn of the dial sending it fully hard once more.

Christine started to answer Dawn's question at last. "Some compressed air cylinder's hidden in the harness."

"Never mind that, can you fuck with it?" Mel said bending close to the head.

"Suck me off first," Christine replied, pushing the cock towards Mel's mouth.

Mel opened her mouth and Christine inserted the cock inside. Christine began undulating her hips, fucking her mouth gently. Dawn moved behind Christine and began to caress her breasts as she looked over her shoulder at the fellatio below. Suddenly Mel's eyes opened wide and she removed the cock from her mouth, examining it.

"I could swear I tasted cum," she said, staring again at the head of the cock. Christine smiled to herself and again pushed the cock towards Mel's mouth. Once inside she again began to fuck Mel's mouth, slowly at first then faster. Christine moved her hand once more to the side of the belt. She eased the cock from Mel's mouth, and then pressed on a discretely hidden button. Cum poured from the end of the cock hitting Mel's chin and the top of her breasts before dripping down onto the carpet.

"Fuckin' hell," Mel shouted, falling back from the gushing cock. Gathering some of the ejaculate from her breast onto her finger she tentatively tasted it. 

"It's cum, it's fuckin' cum," she again shouted.

"Not quite," Christine explained, "It's my own concoction, very realistic, isn't it?"

"My turn," Dawn said pushing Mel to one side, "I want to be fucked," she added.

Dawn almost ripped her panties off and sat on the edge of the bed, before leaning back, her cunt inviting Christine's cock inside. Christine moved forward and after relaxing some of the hardness from the cock, inserted it slowly and deeply into Dawn's wet pussy. Dawn gasped as Christine began fucking her, the full length of the shaft disappearing inside her. Turning the dial on the harness, the cock got bigger and harder inside Dawn. Her eyes began to bulge as the cock filled her wet cunt. Mel's hand slipped down between them, caressing Dawn's clit while she sucked on her engorged nipples. Another movement to the harness and the cock began to vibrate.

"Oh! Fuck! Fuck!" Dawn whispered, her head dropping back onto the bed.

"Now! Now! Now!" she shouted as her orgasm began, her body shuddering with the sensations. Timed to perfection Christine flooded Dawn's cunt at the instant she peaked, cum dripping onto the floor beside her.

"Time out, time out," Dawn gasped, the sweat covering her face.

"What the hell is that fuckin' thing?" Mel said, looking down at the now limp penis.

"My own design," Christine explained, "Small capillary tubes allow the cock to lengthen and harden, another allows the cum to ejaculate from a reservoir hidden it the harness, and tiny micro electric motors provide the vibration. Simple really, I don't know why no ones thought of it before. It does everything a cock can do, and more."

"Does it run out of power, eventually?" Mel asked.

"No," Christine smiled, "Rechargeable batteries. I have plenty in reserve."

"Good, it's gonna be a long hard night," Dawn said, reaching out for Christine's cock again.