 Special thanks to Rumple Foreskin for his editorial help!

They met in college. Both girls had only ever slept with men, but instinctively knew something was missing. One night, while setting lights for the college theater, their eyes met and everything changed. 

A few minutes later they were dancing around the light booth, slowly grinding into each other and coming oh so close to kissing in front of the entire theater department. Of course, that wouldn't have been all bad; theater majors are notorious for being willing to try anything. They quickly made their excuses and headed back to the dorms where a long exploration began that left both of them breathless and giddy.

They continued having sex off and on for years, between boyfriends and other inconveniences of life. Sexually, they were perfect together, going from tender to fierce as the mood called for. They were always close friends, even when not sleeping together. They cared for each other passionately with the intensity of lovers and the depth of sisters. 

They were a study in contrasts. Carol was a thin blonde with blue eyes, perky breasts, and a brilliant smile. Lily was a petite brunette with dark brooding eyes and a ringing laugh. The few times they made-out in front of a boyfriend or two, the visual impact was stunning.

But everyone has to grow up and a few years after college, Carol and Lily found themselves married. On the night of Lily's bachelorette party, they said their final sexual goodbye to each other in a luscious hotel suite overlooking the river. They kissed and licked and fingered each other until the sun came up. And then they laughed a little and cried a little before closing the door on that part of their relationship.

Another five years passed and the two women were still as close as sisters. The women moved into homes just a few blocks apart. They had each had baby (born within a week of each other) and had struggled through early motherhood leaning heavily on each other. As the babies grew into toddlers and then preschoolers, they found themselves having more time to chat about things other than diaper rash and the best technique for grilled cheese sandwiches. 

One day, in the course of regular conversation, Lily told Carol that she had gone to a photographer who specialized in nude photos. It had taken her a long time to gather the courage to make the appointment, but while the photos were being taken she felt beautiful and desirable. Lily also felt incredibly wet, and hornier than she'd been in years. She was planning to put the pictures in a special photo album decorated with red ribbon and sprigs of ivy for her husband as a Christmas gift. Many times she imagined the scene on Christmas Eve when he opened the album in front of the fire and saw the black and white photos of his love. 

Lily told Carol about the photo shoot in great detail, including how good she felt while she was there. Carol was captivated by the thought and got a sexy look on her face. "I know someone else who wouldn't mind getting some photos like that of me, too..."

Then, at the same time, they both said, "We should do it together!" Knowing what a collection of nude photos of the two would do to their husbands, they called the photographer immediately and made an appointment. 

The day finally arrived, and they were both nervous and giggly. They rounded up some Christmas lights, candy canes and all of their best lingerie and made the drive to the studio. On the way there they chatted and reminisced about the old days when they could fall into bed and stay there all day. As they got closer to the studio, nerves started acting up and they decided to make some rules... 1) No nudity past the waist. 2 No sexual acts beyond kissing and holding each other. 3) Photos were to be taken on black and white film, to make them seem less trashy and more artsy.

When they got there, they went over these things with him. He told them that it was a good idea to have some guidelines and that he had no problem following them. As he was setting up his camera and lights, Carol and Lily went to change into crimson velvet shortie night gowns with matching Santa hats. The photographer had put up a black background and strung the Christmas lights everywhere. 

Lily and Carol came back to find him ready with a table for them to stand behind and a fan lightly blowing. They stood next to each other and looked at the camera. A little shy at first, they both warmed quickly and soon were smiling, pouting, laughing, and looking sexy. The camera man just snapped the pictures and kept quiet. Lily was standing with her back against Carol's chest and Lily impulsively leaned back to kiss her lightly. *Snap* That first kiss started a fire low in the bellies of both women that had been almost extinguished for years. 

Lily turned slowly and Carol wrapped her arms around her, kissing her softly while Lily's hands roamed over Carol's breasts. *Snap* 

Carol's threw her head back and moaned while Lily nuzzled her sweetly scented neck. *Snap* 

Lily lowered the strap of Carol's nightgown and cupped Carol's perfect white breast in her hand. She had forgotten how marvelous it felt, warm, round, soft. She lowered her mouth to the perfect pale pink nipple and kissed it slowly. Carol's hand's moved to Lily's hair as Lily worked some holiday magic with her mouth on Carol's nipples, going from one to the other. *Snap*

"Uh-hum, ladies, I'm just going to change roles in the camera. Continue as you are, I'll be right back." His voice startled them, they had kind of forgotten he was there. They laughed and pulled their clothes back into place. They moved the table out of the way and sat down on the floor together. 

Carol said, "Let's just try a few with no clothes, and if we are uncomfortable we can put some back on." Lily was thrilled with this idea because she wanted to look long and hard at the body of the woman that she had loved for so many years. They stripped the gowns and Santa hats off and threw them to the side. Carol and Lily sat Indian style, facing each other, just a foot or so apart. Carol was feeling a little self conscience, and wrapped her arms around her middle. Their bodies had changed with the years and childbearing, but they were both still very tempting. Lily reached out to stroke her hair and Carol smiled. *Snap* 

They kneeled on the floor and started to kiss. It felt so wonderful to be back in each other's arms that everything around them faded out. Of course, they could still hear the snap of the camera. It was an unexpected turn on to perform this way in front of it. They were conscious of the photographer's presence and it fueled them, but in no way inhibited them. In fact, they were exploring each other with a redoubled fervor in spite of the steady click of the camera shutter. 

Flesh on flesh, arms around each other, probing tongues, sighs, moans. Ecstasy to be together again this way.

And then Carol whispered wickedly, "I want to lick you for the camera." Lily smiled and lay down without hesitation. She was on fire and Carol slid herself down between her legs. 

"I'm out of film again, and I don't want to miss this...just one second." 

Carol started teasing Lily slowly with her tongue and Lily responded with a longing and urgency that surprised them both. She tried not to be too loud in front of this stranger, but Carol was taking such good care of her that it was hard. She moved her hands over her own breasts and tipped her head back against the floor. *Snap* 

Carol heard the camera and really went to work. Lily tried not to buck, not to cry out, not to flush so beautifully, but Carol was relentless with her tongue and soon Lily couldn't stop her climax. *Snap* 

Carol moved back up the length of Lily's beautiful body and lowered herself on top of her to kiss her deeply. *Snap* 

Lily kissed her back and then suddenly flipped them both over so that Carol was on her back on the floor and Lily was on top. She leaned up a little to look down at her best friend like she was the last piece of Christmas fudge on the plate. *Snap* 

Lily moved down between Carol's legs and was thrilled to find her pussy soaked in anticipation. "You are so perfect," Lily said to Carol. "You are glistening wet, and your sex is the perfect shade of pink. To think that we are doing all of these in black and white..." 

The photographer cleared his throat, "Umm, I do have some color film here, if you want." 

Carol silently nodded her assent and he started changing roles again. Lily turned Carol's body so that her pussy was facing the camera. 

Then she started Carol's torment by slowly trailing a fingertip from the top of Carol's perfect and throbbing clit to very bottom of her hungry hole. For a few minutes she teased Carol this way, sometimes leaning in to breathe hot air on the hairless sex in front of her *Snap* and then leaning back again. 

Carol was getting so wound up that she finally grabbed Lily's head and pulled it in to her wet mound. *Snap* 

Lily's tongue reached out and stroked Carol's clit and they both moaned. Lily had tried to forget how amazing eating her best friend was, but now it was all coming back to her. She licked her up and down and could feel Carol fighting the same battle she had just fought herself, not to give too much away in front of the camera. Finally she settled in on the spot she knew was the right one, just above Carol's clit, so that the down stroke of her tongue would bring Carol to the peak. *Snap* 

She slid two of her fingers back into Carol's throbbing hole and worked them back and forth. *Snap* 

And then she took the knuckle of a third finger and placed it on top of Carol's anus, giving just a little pressure, but not entering her. *Snap* 

The combination of Lily's driving tongue, the thrusting fingers, and the anal pressure caused Carol to thrash her hips wildly and cry out as she reached her climax and flushed the most beautiful deep pink that was captured forever on film. *SNAP--SNAP--SNAP--SNAP*

Carol and Lily looked up and saw the photographer walking away from his camera to give them some privacy. They curled up on the floor together and went over all of the rules they made on the drive over and realized that they had all been broken in the first ten minutes. The air was thick with nostalgia for the years of love and good sex they had shared. Neither one of them could believe what had happened. And they were already feeling wistful about the fact that it would probably a very long time before they did it again.

Slowly they got up and dressed, coming back into their bodies a little at a time. They gathered all of their things and went back to the reception area where the photographer was waiting. He quietly thanked them for allowing him to witness something as beautiful and sensual as their lovemaking. He said he'd call Lily and set up a time for them to view the proofs. Lily and Carol walked out into the first snowfall of the season and exchanged the final kiss of the day. It was sweet, full of memories. They walked to the car hand in hand.