 Disclaimer: The characters in this story are entirely fictional, and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental. The following story involves graphic descriptions of sexual encounters. If such things offend you, please read no further. And if you are offended you might want to wonder why you are looking at this site in the first place. For everyone else, I hope you enjoy the story.

* * * * *

Church & State: Past and Future

(This is Part 2 of another story, 'Of Church & State.' Please read that story for further descriptions)

To Beverly's knowledge, having strawberries for breakfast wasn't all that unusual. Dipping them in whipped cream wasn't uncommon either. But spreading whipped cream over the body of a beautiful woman then eating the fruit from the surface of her taut, dark skin, well . . . She felt sorry for anyone who hadn't tried it. 

It had only been a few months since Beverly had moved in, but had seemed like she had lived a lifetime in those many days. Raised by a fascist, religious zealot of a father, she had struck out one cold and rainy night to be rescued by her then friend, and now lover, Tammy. Tammy was a goddess, in Beverly's eyes and in many other peoples'. This dark-skinned, full-breasted, athletic and brilliant sheriff had plucked her from the rain, chewed out her father, and help ensure that Beverly never looked back. And she hadn't. 

Tammy had helped make her feel beautiful for the first time in her eighteen years of life. She was more likely to let the blonde curls of her hair flow freely over her shoulders, contrasting with her tanning skin. Both women were generously endowed in the breast department. Beverly's hips were a bit wider (farmer's daughter's hips) than Tammy's, but not out of proportion with the rest of her body. Both were well-muscled girls with healthy . . . ahem, appetites. Particularly at the moment.

Beverly had gotten up early. Tammy had looked so beautiful, lying there on the pristine white sheets. Beverly had rushed down stairs to get the strawberries and whipped cream, and had started breakfast early. Her lover had awoken to the feel of cream on her skin and Beverly's lips on her crotch. She didn't seem to mind.

"Hmmm. Good morning to you to."

"Mgdph mernin'" was Beverly's reply. 

"Don't talk with your mouth full," said Tammy, who pushed the blonde girl's head harder against her pussy. She felt the younger girl's oral attentions increase in speed. Beverly broke away occasionally so she could spray more cream on Tammy's crotch. She would then take a strawberry, swirl it through the whipped deliciousness and Tammy's juices before taking a bite. Then she gave the older woman's crotch one last coat, and placed a particularly succulent strawberry firmly between those beautiful pussy lips. With one quick motion of her tongue, she dipped her tongue deeply into Tammy's box, scooped up the cream and managed to get the strawberry into her mouth in one fell swoop. Beverly briefly, and amusingly, had the thought cross her mind that someone should market a candy that was strawberry, cream, and cum flavored. But it probably wouldn't be nearly as good as going straight to the source.

The next patch of cream appeared on Tammy's stomach. Beverly ate a strawberry out of her belly-button before lapping up the cream like a kitten. Then came the breasts. Oh, those wonderful breasts. Beverly had discovered something since admitting to herself that she was sexually attracted to women. She liked tits. She liked them a lot. Full, soft, wonderful breasts. When she was alone, she enjoyed playing with her own generous endowments, but she much preferred playing with Tammy's. Beverly covered the older girl's chest with the condiment, then took a great deal of time licking it up before replacing it with a second coat. 

"You really are obsessed with those things, aren't you?"

"You don't seem to mind."

"Hell no! Keep up the good work! Mmm. That feels wonderful."

Beverly was running her hands over Tammy's ample chest, which was slippery with whipped cream residue. She sucked on each nipple with great delight, while cupping both mounds with her hands. One hand eventually worked its way back to Tammy's crotch, where her fingers went to work. Tammy was beginning to moan in earnest now, and was humping against Beverly's hand. The blonde girl used her free hand to grab one of Tammy's sensitive nipples and tweak it while she took the other nipple in her teeth. 

"Oh fuck, girl! Now you've . . . you've . . . Kiss me! I want you to be kissing me when I cum!" 

Beverly did as requested. She locked lips with the other girl, who bit lightly down on her lower lip as an orgasm rocked her body. Beverly was lying on top of her now, their bodies smeared with cream and strawberry juice and soon, Tammy's own nectar. Tammy's body took a while to unclench and come down from her sexual high, but when it did, she looked so delightfully tired. Just then, a call came in on Tammy's police radio. Someone had broken into a liquor store. 

"Damn it! And I was going to make breakfast."

"That's okay," Beverly said grinning. "I've already ate."

"Cute." Tammy kissed her friend. "I've got to get ready. I need to shower. Care to join me?"

"Thought you'd never ask."

The two girls hurried into the shower and started getting cleaned up. Both of them had to work. Tammy had to get to the crime scene, and Beverly had to get to the Sav-O-Mart. They had a strange relationship, but they were happy. Beverly worried about what was going to happen when she left for college next year, but she was going to enjoy being with Tammy as much as she could. 

"Gotta go," said Tammy as she was finished getting dressed. Beverly was still nude, sitting on the counter. Tammy came over and kissed her. "But I'll return the favor this evening."

"Can't wait," Beverly said coyly as she squeezed her breasts together with her arms.

"Damn. I'll see you, and those, tonight." Tammy rushed down the stairs and opened the door. "Don't forget to feed the dogs before you leave!" 

Beverly started getting dressed when she heard the door slam. She fed the two bloodhounds, Thunder and Lightning, then headed out to the car. Tammy had three vehicles, including a police jeep, a blue corvette, and an old truck. Beverly had recently been given permission to drive the corvette, which she did every chance she got. Tammy showed a lot of trust in the new driver, so Beverly took good care of the car, but she did occasionally need to open it up and go as fast as she could.

It was an uneventful day for the most part. Lots of guys stopped by the store to stare, and she had lunch at the diner that Tammy owned just down the street from the Sav-O-Mart and looked over school brochures. She hadn't decided for sure where she wanted to go to school yet. It pained her to think about going to off to school sometimes. As badly as she wanted to get as far away from this place, she was afraid of what it was going to happen to her and Tammy. But that was months away, and she was going to enjoy the time she had before she had to make a decision. She actually didn't mind the town, or the nice people who regularly attended the diner. But she had a past here; one she wanted to get away from. Her father still lived around here. The man who had made her feel like less than nothing her whole life until he threw her out after she had stood up to him. She had stood up to him for herself and because he had insulted Tammy, who by then had become a good friend. He had perverted all that was good about her faith to try and make her hate that "half-breed whore" (his favorite phrase). It had backfired, but she still felt bile build up in her mouth every time she thought about him. 

She got out of work early that day, and headed home. On a whim, she stopped and picked up some flowers for Tammy. Nothing too expensive, but pretty. She hoped Tammy liked them. Her sheriff may have been all business in the real world, but Beverly sensed she still enjoyed certain aspects of being treated like a lady. Maybe she would smell them when she got home, then smile at Beverly. They might play a game of chess, with Tammy drinking wine and Beverly sipping on lemonade. Then, well . . . who knows what would happen next.

She pulled into the long drive leading up to Tammy's a-frame house, and noticed two things. One, Tammy's police jeep wasn't back yet. Two, there was a stranger's car parked next to the house. It looked like a rental. Beverly was suddenly nervous. What if it was a burglar? Nonsense, she thought. Anyone from around these parts knew whose house this was and how much trouble they would be in if they got caught. Plus, the car was parked right out front, in easy view of everything. Beverly got out and looked around. There appeared to be a woman sitting on the porch next to the door. Beverly headed up the porch stairs. 

"Can I help you?"

"Oh," the woman said with a start. She was a beautiful woman, apparently in her early thirties. Fiery red hair pulled back in a severe bun, stunning green eyes and a nicely rounded figure. She was wearing snug jeans and a sensible looking jacket. "I thought this was Tamara Huntley's house. I must have read the address wrong . . ."

"No, this is Tammy's . . . I mean Tamara's house. She's still out on a call. May I help you."

"No, but thank you." The woman seemed strangely subdued and crestfallen. "I really need to speak to her about something."

"Well, if you'd like to leave your name and number, I could have her call you when she gets in."

"Thanks, but I don't think she'd return my call."

"I don't see why not. She very good at that sort of thing, Ms.," she said noticing no ring on the woman's finger. "I'm sorry, what did you say your name was?"

"I didn't. But it's Carrie. Carrie King."

Beverly had been reaching to shake the woman's hand, but her hand retracted as if it had been bit by a snake. That name had held a special place of hatred in her heart. And she had never even met the woman. This was Tammy's ex-girlfriend. The one who had cheated on her, broke her heart, made her quit her dream-job at the FBI and sent her fleeing across the country from Washington D.C. to the backwoods of Alaska.

Strangely the woman seemed nonplussed. "I see my reputation precedes me." She had a smile on her face, but not one the exuded happiness. Rather, it seemed tired. 

"What the hell do you want here? Haven't you done enough to her?"

"More than enough." Carrie looked off across the yard. "Or may I didn't do enough for her." She looked at her feet, as if unable to stand up to Beverly's withering glare.

A little of the wind had been taken out of Beverly's sails. She had rehearsed this argument in her head a thousand times. There were a thousand spiteful things she had wanted to say, and she had anticipated every retort this woman would utter if they met. That moment had arrived, and Carrie wasn't even putting up a fight.

"I mean, didn't you . . ."

"Yeah," Carrie interrupted. "Everything she said that I did . . . I did. I'm not worried about embellishment. Tammy was never the kind of person to subscribe to that."

Beverly noted something in Carrie's reminiscence. It sounded like fondness. Beverly went into defense mode. If this woman had come to win Tammy back, then Beverly would fight her for it.

"Just so you know, she and I are together." That was one of those sentences that seemed much cooler in her head.

Carrie smiled, but this time there was some genuine warmth there. Suddenly, Beverly felt very silly. "You've got fire in you. You're the sort of person she would fall for." The smile vanished. "Just don't blow it." Beverly actually detected the presence of tears in the woman's eyes.

"Don't worry," Carrie continued. "I'm not here to try and win her back. As if I could. Forgiveness would be nice, but it isn't mine to ask for. Just hers to give. Mostly, I want her to stop punishing herself."

Now Beverly was perplexed. "Punishing? What the hell are you talking about?"

Carrie smiled whimsically. "She told you about what she wanted to do in the Bureau, right?"

Beverly nodded. "I think she mentioned forensics."

"For starters. She really wanted to get into behavioral sciences. Psychological profiling, examining evidence . . .basically, she wanted to track down serial killers."

Beverly was stunned. Tammy had barely told her about any of her Bureau years. The memory of them was painful to her. 

"And she would have done it too. The next opening in the department was going to her. She was the prize pupil at the Bureau."

"But because she quit . . ."

" . . . she gave up everything. I screwed up, so she threw it all away."

The two women stood in silence for a moment. Carrie broke the silence. "I didn't know she was seeing someone. I didn't know if she really liked her life out here or not. But I didn't want her to give up the opportunity to be something special because I was an idiot."

"Why did you do it? I mean, she's beautiful and intelligent and . . . and I'm babbling like a lovesick schoolgirl."

"You probably are." Carrie gave her a quick grin, and Beverly felt most of the hatred she had carried around dissipate. "I never quite figured it out. The guy I had sex with . . . well, he literally meant nothing. He was a means to an end. He was no more important than a well-pressed suit in regards to getting a promotion. But I forgot, while it meant nothing to me, it would to her. I . . . I don't what I was thinking. I had bought into the bureaucratic . . ." She paused. Beverly could sense the sorrow in her voice. "I put the job above everything, and it cost me the only thing that mattered."

Beverly just couldn't hate the woman any more. She wasn't some dastardly villain from an animated movie. She was just someone who had screwed up with the wrong person at the wrong time. "I'm sorry," was all she could think to say.

Apparently, Carrie was caught off-guard. When your talking to an ex-lover's new romantic interest, you usually don't expect sympathy. "Thank you. Listen, I'm staying at a Motel 6 a few miles towards Anchorage. Please, if you could ask her to call me. Just to talk to me . . . I'd really appreciate it."

"O.k. I'll make sure she calls." Beverly thought about it for a second, then reached out her hand. "It was nice meeting you."

Again, Carrie was taken aback. But she took the gesture, shaking the young girl's hand. "Thanks again." A smile, oh so slight, played across her face, and Beverly could have sworn she saw a glimmer of happiness, or maybe hope, residing there. "I think I can see why she likes you." Beverly actually blushed as Carrie handed her the number for the hotel, climbed in her car, and waved before speeding down the road. 

Beverly just sat on the porch swing, thinking about what had just transpired. She was suddenly afraid. Not of Carrie, but of Tammy thinking about taking the job. What would that mean for them? She pondered that thought for two hours as she sat outside. She did let the dogs out, and they contentedly curled up at her feet after frolicking in the yard for a few minutes. 

Finally, Tammy's jeep pulled into the drive. Beverly was trying to figure out how to break this news to her, when she noticed another figure in the passenger seat. The door opened.

"Brian?!?" screamed Beverly. She ran down to the jeep where her older brother, who she hadn't seen in months, caught her up in a great big brotherly hug. "What are . . . I mean . . ."

"I'll explain later," he said with a huge smile. "I need to put some stuff in . . ."

"That door right behind you," finished Tammy, who had gotten out and was pointing to the guesthouse that Beverly used to live in. She had a scornful look on her face, but it wasn't directed at Brian or her. 

"Hey, get set up, and I'll come down in a second and you can explain everything."

"Will do, 'lil sis." He smiled again. He looked happy to see her, but she could tell by looking in his eyes that something had happened. She wondered what her father had done now. He started hauling stuff out of the back of the jeep as she hurried to catch up with Tammy who was walking up to the main house. 

Tammy turned when she noticed she was being followed. "How many of you am I going to have to adopt?" she said, smiling a very tired smile. 

"What happened? I mean what about my other brothers?"

"Brian will explain it all. I don't think I've got energy enough to deal with this anymore."

"I'm REALLY sorry to hear that."

Tammy looked up. "What is that supposed to mean?"

"It means I've got something I need to tell you that you're going to need to deal with right now." Tammy looked suddenly alarmed, and Beverly hugged her and kissed her before she got the wrong idea. "No, it's not about me. It's . . . well . . ."

"Well what?"

"Carrie was here."

Tammy had the look of someone who had just been hit hard between the eyes with a baseball bat. She practically fell onto her ass on the steps to the house. "Here? When?" 

"About an hour ago. She wanted to talk to you. Face to face."

"Why? Didn't she do enough already? Did she have to hound me across an entire country to rub it in?"

"I don't think that's it at all."

"Are you defending her now?" Tammy looked bewildered.

"Tammy, she fucked up. And I was all set to hate her too, because I love you." Tammy's face softened a bit with that statement. "But I talked to her, and I can't hate her. I think you should at least call her and talk to her, for your sake if not for hers. You can't keep carrying this around inside you." She kissed the forlorn looking sheriff again, but this time it was softer and lasted longer. "Please?" she added, handing Tammy the number for the hotel.

Tammy looked shaken, but eventually nodded her consent. Beverly helped her to her feet and moved toward the door.

"No. I need to do this on my own. Go talk to your brother. I'll be okay."

Beverly reluctantly let go of Tammy's arm and strode down to the guest house, looking over her shoulder until her lover disappeared into the house. Brian was waiting at the door to the guesthouse.

"What was that about?" he asked.

"Things left undone," she replied, and he seemed smart enough to leave it at that.

The two siblings sat on the bed and started talking. Brian had tried to visit a few times after her exodus, but the visits had stopped after her father found out. He filled her in on what had happened. Apparently, her father had become even more paranoid and abusive since she left. She felt a pang of guilt about that, but let Brian continue. Her father had started preaching more and more venomous things to her brothers about Beverly, Tammy, and women in general. He didn't let the boys got out unattended at all out of fear they might be corrupted. He cut back on their food and comforts in order to "make them humble." Brian had a sneer on his face when he said that, which was strikingly out of place on his normally pleasant demeanor. He had taken the boys to church every day and had verbally berated his own children in front of the congregation of neo-fascists that still listened to him.

Beverly was sick to her stomach the whole time Brian went on. She knew her father was spiteful, but this was going too far. 

Apparently, Brian had finally stood up to him when he threatened to punish one of the younger boys. The two of them had actually broken down into a fight. Brian was bigger and stronger than his father, who had used intimidation as his primary weapon for years. One of her younger brothers had called the cops while the two of them fought. Tammy had conveniently been in the area, and she and a couple of deputies had arrive and broken things up. After hearing about her father's behavior, Tammy had called in Children's Services and had the younger boys taken somewhere safe until this could be sorted out. But Brian was too old to take advantage of such services, so Tammy had brought him home with her.
