 Summary: Submissive serves MILF at church during Sunday service.

Note 1: Thanks to HFernandez for suggesting this idea.

Note 2: Thanks to TexBeethoven, Robert, Dave, Random Robbie and Wayne for editing.

Warning: This story manipulates religion... if that offends you please quit reading now.

This is part two of a series. Part one, Church Girl: 1 Perfect Turn, sweet, innocent virgin Mary is selling raffle tickets door-to-door when she arrives at Mrs. Taylor's house. Mrs. Taylor, a seductress of teen girls, takes the opportunity to seduce the minister's daughter and make her a submissive pet.

Church Girl: 3 Oaths of Obedience

Mary headed straight home after the life-altering encounter... both because she was exhausted, and also because that wonderful Mrs. Taylor had, in addition to gifting her with her first orgasms ever, generously bought the rest of her raffle tickets.

Once back home, her mom asked, "How did it go?"

"I sold them all," Mary answered.

"Well, that's great," Mary's mother nodded with approval. She then added, "You look exhausted. Go take a bath or a cool shower."

"I think I'll do exactly that," Mary agreed, feeling sweaty both from the heat she'd endured during her six block walk home (it seeming even hotter outside after her hot experience with Mrs. Taylor), and from the excitement of the experience itself. Accelerating from total virgin to submissive in under two hours had been wonderful but strenuous, and her body needed a rest.

Mary went to her room and carefully unfastened her new stockings from her new garter-belt. She then rolled the stockings, which were so much silkier and somehow more erotic than the ones her mother purchased for her at the drug store, lasciviously down her legs. (She wondered if a recently deflowered virgin could technically be described as 'lascivious' while she was alone... it certainly felt like it.) Once the stockings were off, she hid them in the back of her underwear drawer, as well as the garter-belt, positive that her mother would not approve if she discovered either of these lascivious undergarments in the laundry hamper. She realized she had left her panties behind at Mrs. Taylors'. Wherever they were, they were lascivious too, not because they'd been designed to be, but because of how lasciviously wet they'd gotten before Mrs. Taylor had whipped them off. 

Mary grabbed her robe and went to the bathroom to start her bubble bath. As the tub filled, she

replayed the entire last couple of hours in her head. Her entire world had changed in moments... quick shocking moment after moment after moment:

-The two drinks accidentally spilt on her by Mrs. Taylor

-Mrs. Taylor suddenly removing Mary's soaking wet dress and bra

-Seeing Mrs. Taylor totally starkers, seemingly oblivious to how strange that would appear to a virginal eighteen-year-old girl

-Hearing the foul-mouthed, intense sex scene on the laptop in the bedroom

-Assisting a naked (and breathtakingly beautiful) Mrs. Taylor in putting on her stockings

-Her panties somehow getting wet too (she'd figured out later how that had happened)

-Mrs. Taylor lasciv... never mind... putting stockings on her

-Mrs. Taylor seeing the wetness in her panties and whipping them off

-Mrs. Taylor smelling her soiled underwear

-Mrs. Taylor retrieving her own wet panties from the hamper and handing them to her

-Touching and fondling the wetness in Mrs. Taylor's panties and smelling them... not even realizing she was doing either

-The shocking, sudden, lascivious... yes, definitely... tongue on her vaginal lips

-The intense pleasure that suddenly consumed her

-The possessive finger sliding inside her, literally staking a claim

-The intensity of heretofore unknown euphoria swirling inside her

-The double pleasure on the inside and outside of her vagina building and building unbearably... and at the same time better than anything ever... until as promised, her head had exploded in the very first orgasm of her entire life... a discovery of the intense, heavenly sensations the Lord had created for her to revel in... the orgasm she'd never before even contemplated, sending her completely off the planet, totally overcome by the pleasure coursing throughout her entire being... Aaaaahhhhh!!!! Why had nobody ever told her there even was such a miraculous thing?!

-Mrs. Taylor straddling her face even as her orgasm continued to bring her pleasure she'd never known existed.

-The scent... the taste... the invitation... the sudden desire to lick and please

-The adrenaline of licking and the thrill of the full flood of Mrs. Taylor's torrential cum... a taste she was instantly addicted to

Wow!!

Mary got into the tub and allowed the warm water to soothe her. Her body ached... a sweet ache. Her energy had been drawn completely out of her by the multiple orgasms cascading through her.

As Mary lay there, she recalled the awakening of her natural desire to obey, to please... feeling compelled mentally and physically to do whatever Mrs. Taylor had instructed.

Mary recalled the terms 'pet' and 'goddess'... each, she realized in retrospect, being terms describing the natural hierarchy between Mrs. Taylor and herself... the former term should have been demeaning, but it somehow felt natural to her... obedience being part of her nature... part of her upbringing... part perhaps of her innate DNA.

As her vagina continued tingling in the warm water...she let the true reality set in... she'd had sex. She wasn't a 'good girl' anymore.

Worse... she'd had sex out of wedlock.

Even worse than that... she'd had committed an 'abomination'... sex with a woman. 

Sudden guilt consumed her at these revelations...

She wondered if having a finger inside her meant she had lost her virginity.

Her father would be ashamed of her... he had lectured about the sins of the flesh dozens of times both from the pulpit and, unappetizingly, at the dinner table... and condemned homosexuality almost as much... although this message had softened somewhat during the past couple years with the changes of values in the average citizen and even in the country's laws. What if he...!? No, that was impossible!

Her mother would see her as a slut, and probably would even call her one in a loud voice if she knew what she had done.

Even as her vagina still tingled... as if begging for attention... the discovery of the pleasure that existed inside itself opening a door that couldn't just be closed up again... she questioned what to do next.

Mary lay soaking in the warm water, more confused than she had ever been about anything before.

How could such pleasure be a sin?

Why had nobody ever told her about these pleasures?

Were these pleasures really a sin, or was that a mistake?

Would God really tempt us with something he'd created himself?

That didn't make sense.

Even as Mary felt guilt, she also felt an urge to touch herself... to attempt to replicate the pleasure Mrs. Taylor had introduced her to.

She moved her hand to her vagina and paused. Masturbation was a sin... she had heard that many times... yet how could it be? God was a merciful, loving Lord, and creating a pleasure inside her own body that wasn't supposed to be experienced or even touched (except briefly without looking while she was washing), didn't make any sense. No, it made no sense at all.

God wanted his children to be happy; it said so in the Bible. Where did the Bible say he wanted us to be frustrated?

He wanted his followers to be happy in Mind, Body and Spirit... and through faith and the church, happiness could be found in Mind and Spirit... and as Mary's hand began to slowly rub herself she realized that the pleasure that could exist inside the Body was now available to her... the third aspect of the Holy Trinity.

Mary closed her eyes, let the guilt fade as her 'righteous' pleasure grew.

As she slowly pleasured herself, she closed her eyes and allowed her mind to wander. Of course, it wandered back to Mrs. Taylor's bedroom....

Mrs. Taylor's finger awakening new sensations inside her (as Mary slid a finger inside herself... which was definitely more awkward than when Mrs. Taylor's finger was in her... she'd never attempted this before... so Mary repositioned her body to try and make it easier)....

Mrs. Taylor's lips and tongue lingering so wonderfully on her vagina.... (Mary moving her free hand to her clit and tapping it even as she slowly continued to finger herself, trying to discover the way to replicate the pleasure Mrs. Taylor had created inside her)....

The beauty of Mrs. Taylor's shaved pussy... (Mary recalling she'd been instructed to shave her pussy, but couldn't fathom how to do that on her own)....

Oh, for heaven's sake, she'd totally forgotten... she was supposed to call it a pussy, or a cunt, or a twat, or a slit (words she'd heard in the gym where girls talked like boys), or... there seemed to be many choices available, just not the childish "V" word. She was eighteen, she was an adult, she could use the taboo words.

The intoxicating scent of Mrs. Taylor's tasty muff (good one, Mary!)... (Mary's mouth salivating at the idea of licking Mrs. Taylor again... wishing she could just do it right now)....

The exotic taste of Mrs. Taylor's wet cunt (yes, her cunt... thinking of the nasty word somehow enhancing Mary's pleasure as she felt the heat building inside her)....

As Mary replayed the afternoon's entire sex encounter in her head, she began to finger herself faster, began to tap her clit harder... lifting her ass up so her fevered cunt was out of the water so she could slap her clit faster and harder.

The position was awkward and frustrating, her new friend the orgasm simmering in her, but not erupting like it had when Mrs. Taylor was in charge. Suddenly, Mary had an idea. She didn't have any toys like the ones that had been lying all over Mrs. Taylor's bed, but she wondered about the showerhead.

Mary pulled out her finger, stood up and removed the showerhead and hose from the stand, adjusted the taps to a nice warm temperature, lifted one foot up onto the rim of the bathtub and pointed the strong spray directly at her pussy.

The initial contact startled Mary, an intense pleasure hitting her, making her stumble slightly as she chuckled to herself that this would be a very wasteful way to die. She then angled the spray to a different position after turning down the knobs to a milder spray.

Mary then returned the jet steam to her vagina... sorry, beaver... and enjoyed the self-pleasure. She closed her eyes and resumed replaying the earlier encounter with Mrs. Taylor as her orgasm resumed its advance.

In under a minute, the pressure on her vaj (a word Mary just made up), was enough to get herself off, and she let out a loud moan as her orgasm finally swam to the surface.

And although not as intense as the earlier orgasms that had erupted at the lips and fingers of Mrs. Taylor, it was an amazing experience... as she leaned against the bathtub wall to allow the orgasm to wash over her... as she dropped the showerhead... too consumed with the pleasure swarming her very being to hear the showerhead hitting the top of the bathtub before landing on the floor, still spraying.

Mary remained leaning against the wall for a couple of minutes, just enjoying the orgasm and feeling one with the universe. When she opened her eyes and stood all the way up, she finally noticed the showerhead spraying water all over the bathroom floor.

She scrambled out of the tub, redirected the showerhead and turned off the taps. She looked at the flooded floor and wondered if this was a sign from the Lord that she had just sinned. The flooding seeming like a not so subtle reprimand; Noah's flood had happened because people were bad, hadn't it?

She had to use four towels to clean up all the water as she scolded herself for her moral weakness.

As she finished cleaning up, she told herself she would not touch her vagina again. Yes, her vagina. Those other words were naughty and sinful.

.....

Mrs. Gloria Taylor was giddy the rest of the day. Her conquest of Mary had been the most satisfying one of her life, and one she envisioned leading to long-term perks. The idea of moulding the perfect pet from scratch was exciting, and it had her mind spinning with possibilities.

It also had her pussy tingling after dinner... her husband having called to say he was going to stay at the golf club so he could watch the ball game with the boys.

So, wanting to get off again, she texted one of her pets: Slut, are you in town?

A couple minutes later: Just finished work and heading home.

Gloria ordered: Well, change directions and come by for a lick stop.

Gloria roared at her witty play with words: lick stop.

Instantly, a response back: Yes, Mistress.

Gloria had a variety of lovers. Some were submissive sluts, some were friends with benefits, some were quickie lickies (her version of a quickie) and some were long-term projects like Mary had just become.

But on her way over was Astrid, a teenaged Norwegian still living with her parents, who was not only a beauty, but was equally a bitch. The kind of girl who's not only a blonde bombshell, but knows it, and uses that as leverage to crush her peers and control the boys. Astrid too had been a fun turn, her parents both doctors, so she likely belonged to the wealthiest family in the community. Astrid had just graduated from high school and worked at a fashionable clothing store in the mall.

Gloria was enjoying a glass of wine and watching the greatly underrated Joe versus the Volcano as she waited for her slut to arrive and pondered her plan for her newest pet... maintaining a clear distinction between the terms slut and pet.

Gloria used Slut Astrid for quick pleasure, no more than that; while she planned to train Pet Mary as a valued and treasured companion. Together, she and Pet Mary would be movers and shakers.

When Astrid arrived, the moment the front door had closed, she called out, "Knees, slut."

"Yes, Mistress," Astrid replied, instantly dropping to her knees; Mistress Gloria was the only person in the world she would allow to speak to her like that.

"Crawl," Gloria ordered, languidly finishing her glass of wine.

"Yes, Mistress," Astrid repeated, knowing there were consequences for disobedience. She crawled from the vestibule and into the living room, not surprised to see her Mistress in nylons, which she too was expected to wear at all times when coming to serve. Although she didn't always wear them, especially in this southern summer heat, she kept a couple of pairs in her purse and another in her glove compartment so she would always be prepared.

Yet, because Astrid was coming from work, she had already been wearing a pair underneath her cute pastel plaid skirt and pink blouse.

When Astrid reached her Mistress's feet, she did what was always expected, she lowered her head respectfully and kissed the nylon-clad feet.

Gloria smiled at the complete obedience of the diva. Astrid was the only slut she always required to bow down and kiss her feet or to invariably ask the following:

"How may I serve you today, Mistress?" The blue-eyed bombshell asked, after kissing each of the nylon-clad feet.

"Massage my feet, slut," Gloria ordered, leisurely pouring herself another glass of wine.

"Yes, Mistress," Astrid obeyed, this often the first requirement.

Gloria added, "With your tongue."

Astrid was startled, as this variation was new to her, but she responded obediently like she always did, "Yes, Mistress," and began to lick the sole of Mistress Gloria's right foot.

Gloria smiled, loving to humiliate the stuck-up bitch, even as she shifted her thoughts to her polar opposite, Mary. At church tomorrow, she planned to test her new pet's obedience by having her serve her during the service... during the time her father was lecturing about some sin or other.

This idea had Gloria's pussy dampen; the idea of sneaking in a sin or two during church was wickedly fun.

Astrid kissed and licked every inch of both of the nylon-clad feet for a few minutes... anticipating the privilege of licking her Mistress's delicious pussy... the only one she ever licked... usually it was the dykes and nerds who were required to lick her.

"Hungry, slut?" Gloria asked, her cunt hungry from her naughty idea of having sex at church tomorrow.

"Famished, Mistress," Astrid answered, craving Mistress's pussy.

Gloria hiked up her skirt and indolently snapped her fingers.

Astrid was conditioned to know that a snapping of fingers always meant 'get licking.' She buried her face in the delicious delicacy that never failed to seduce her away from her usual dominant persona.

Gloria closed her eyes and enjoyed the licking... Astrid being surprisingly good for a girl who was otherwise a receiver, not a giver.

And for a good thirty minutes, Gloria was pleasured through multiple orgasms before she sent Astrid home without ever touching the teen's cunt.

Gloria went for a swim and a lengthy hot tub soak as she relaxed and planned the details of how she would manipulate Mary tomorrow.

..........

The next morning as Mary got dressed for church, she paused.

Mrs. Taylor had instructed her, twice, to wear the garter-belt and stockings today.

Yet, she was still rattled by the rather obvious message The Lord had seemed to give her when he had flooded the bathroom during her carnal sin.

Feeling insecure, she dithered for over fifteen minutes, before she decided that she would obey the order, and yet also clarify to Mrs. Taylor that yesterday had been a mistake. And, of course, no panties. Mrs. Taylor had made it clear she was not to wear panties and definitely wouldn't be pleased if she wore panties, and she did want to please her. But she would be resolute: no more delicious, exhilarating, ummm... sinful sex. If she explained that point clearly enough, she was sure Mrs. Taylor would understand. 

Although, even that was giving her conflicted feelings.

Her body was clearly telling her that yesterday hadn't been a mistake, but a revelation.

Her mind, however, was scolding her for the temporary moment... ummm, two hours... of weakness. Plus what she'd done later in the tub. When she'd been reprimanded by the Flood.

These conflicting emotions created back-and-forth wobbles of insecurity in her... something she wasn't used to feeling.

So she pulled the garter-belt and stockings out of her drawer and slid them onto her legs... recalling how nice it had felt when Mrs. Taylor put them on her. She then put on a conservative blouse, and a knee-length skirt to hide the lace tops of the stockings.

As usual, Mary was at church early to help set up the youth ministry room as well as the day care.

Everything was in place as Mary was heading to the sanctuary to prepare for the musical performance... where she always played piano... when she noticed Mrs. Taylor for the first time.

Mary instantly felt anxiety wash over her... and excitement, and an instant tingling sensation in her vagina.

Mrs. Taylor was also dressed in a conservative blouse and skirt, long enough to hide the thigh highs she was wearing and the naughty reality that she wasn't wearing panties... she wanted very easy access to her pussy for a plan where time was of the essence.
