 The following week arrived and went fairly uneventfully. Well, other than the fact that my feet didn't touch the ground until Thursday or so.

Joann and I did manage to meet up at the apartments gym but she was way behind on her work after her breakup and I had several projects to focus on at work. As we were working out a couple of stair climbers to nowhere I asked her if she wanted to hang with me and some friends Friday night.

"Sure," she said. "Especially if its anything like last Friday night!" 

We both laughed at our little secret and that gleam returned to Joann's eyes. I felt flush all over my chest and face and it wasn't from the workout! After our workout I told her I would call her tomorrow and we went our separate ways.

I soaked the day away with one of my world famous lavender baths. I reflected on last Friday nights debauchery. I smiled and sighed as I felt my nipples harden at the thought of it all. Thinking or the barriers I had crossed seemed to get my juices flowing again.

I grabbed my waterproof vibe that was always near my tub. It was multispeed but for now I left it on low speed and slowly lowered it to my now excited clit.

My free hand involuntarily went up to my left nipple. Feeling the hardness there, my mind flashed back to Joann's nipples. The feeling of them in my hands incredible. In my mouth indescribable. The fact that I could flick them with my tongue was a captivating thought. They had to be twice the size of mine! I loved mine even more now thanks to her.

I skillfully fired the vibrator to a higher level with one hand and slowly slid it down between my lips and into my pussy. I closed my eyes to see Joann's entire hand inside me up to her wrist. Never had I been penetrated so completely. I never would have believed I could be penetrated like that.

The vibe found my G-spot and I instantly saw stars before my closed lids. I enjoyed the moment. After the climax subsided I stood up to towel myself off. Looking at my naked body in the full length mirror next to the tub I couldn't believe how horny I still was.

As I wrapped my hair in a towel it occurred to me that prior to last weekend I hadn't had sex in several months. As a matter of fact I had neglected to even take but a few solo missions.

The past week at work had been rigorous but every night I had rediscovered myself and my toy closet. I had come every night and sailed through the week without to much stress.

Feeling very refreshed from my workout and my bath (or maybe it was my orgasm) I slid into some luxuriant silk jammies and headed for the living room.

I had several reports to review before tomorrows third and final presentation of the week. If we made this deal my place in the company would be set. If not I hated to think what would happen to the local branch. A lot was riding on this potential sale.

Maceo was not a happy cat. Due to my busy schedule this week he had been mostly ignored. He scooted up next to me on the couch and lay down against my leg. Not even looking at me.

I grabbed a remote and turned on the stereo. I got back up to grab a beer and Maceo looked at me like he was disgusted. He stood up and leapt off the couch. I watched him saunter down the hallway.

The CD player was on random and as Neil Young faded Sonic Youth cam on.

I returned to my work taking a long draw off the green bottle of Rolling Rock. I studied stats and figures and options until the numbers started to swim.

I got up turned everything off and headed for the bathroom. I peed, wiped and took off my jammies. Before last week I had never slept naked. Except when I shared my bed with a man. Now though, I didn't want anything in my way. I probably fucked myself more in the last week than I had in the last year! And that's including the men I'd been with. It truly had been one fuck of a week I thought to myself.

I slid into bed and turned off the lights. Closing my eyes Joann's body entered my mind sight. Behind closed lids she was playing with herself. I noticed that everything she did I was doing to myself. My left hand was pinching a nipple. My right had dibs on my clit. Joann was a mirror image and I wondered who was leading who.

Both hands drifted down to our pussies. Frustratingly it wasn't enough. I reached for my jelly dong on the night stand. It was pink about eight inches and way more man than I had ever slept with in my life.

Returning to my wet swollen pussy lips I noticed my imaginary Joann had a toy too. I also noticed it was much bigger than mine.

I watched Jo insert that enormous cock into her pussy stretching it wide. I couldn't believe what I was seeing. At the same time the balls of my dong bottomed out on my ass. Holy shit, I hadn't even realized I'd penetrated myself. I was that wrapped up in Jo's activities.

My pussy was stuffed full and getting fucked good while I watched Jo get more of the same. Her face was ecstatic. So full of lust. Still thumbing my clit as I fucked myself I quickly rushed toward another orgasm. As I came I screamed out Jo's name. And I heard her calling mine too. Very strange. Very satisfying too.

I drifted of to sleep.

I awoke early the next morning by rolling over into a cold wet spot. My own of course. I took a quick shower, got into those god damned hose and the rest of my clothes and headed off to work. Last nights adventure forgotten.

"Hello?"

"Hey, Jo Jo."

"Hey, J, how did the presentation go?"

"Well, my boss said I knocked it out of the park. And everybody was hugging me and high fiving me after the clients left."

"J, that's great! Are you gonna go out and celebrate tonight?"

"Oh hell yeah, I'm gonna party like a rock star," I laughed. "Anyway, I got the last half of the day off and I went shopping, come on over in a while. I got you something too," I said.

"Okay, how about 7:00," she asked.

"Sounds good, now I'm off to take one of Jen's world famous lavender baths," I giggled.

"Mmmmm that sounds delicious. Maybe you could give me one some time!"

"Definitely," I purred.

"Okay, then I'll see you around 7:00."

"Can't wait," I told her before we hung up.

"Doors unlocked," I yelled.

"What's up, J," Jo asked.

"Come on," I answered, leading her down the hallway towards my bedroom.

"Ooooo I like this already," she laughed.

"Shut up, slut!" We both laughed. It was good to carry on a somewhat normal friendship I wasn't looking for a relationship. And I surely didn't think I was ready to jump the fence and join the other team.

Figuring I was about to be up for a big promotion I had spent way to much money on outfits for the both of us.

"Oh, J, you shouldn't have," she exclaimed. She held up the white and black paisley lace shirt. I handed her the super short black stretch mini and she looked at me. "Can I even squeeze into this?"

I laughed and pulled out a very sexy matching bra and panty set for her that I had picked up at Victoria's Secret.

"Oh shit," I said, "here." I handed her a glass of wine. "I hope you like it." I took the other glass and we toasted in silence.

"Mmmmm, it's perfect," was all she said.

Smiling, I suggested we start getting ready for the night out. I had known that I didn't need to do all these things for Joann, but last Friday ended up being as much about me as it had been about her. Besides, I figured it would be another excuse to get to see her naked!

Jo's clothes were on the floor in a pile with her panties on top. Maceo crawled out from under the bed and curled up right on top of those panties.

"Look ,J, it would seem your not the only one in this apartment who wants in my panties," she laughed. She'd seen me staring at her naked body as we dressed and now she winked at me knowingly.

She looked just as good in her clothes as she had out of them and I was glad I'd gotten her something so revealing. We left Maceo sleeping in Jo's panties and headed for the living room. I called a cab while Jo poured us both another glass of wine. We drank wine and kissed while waiting for our chariot to arrive and whisk us away to my favorite hangout.

As we entered the smokey confines of JEN-ERICS Pub hand in hand I dragged Jo back to our normal spot where some of my friends were already imbibing.

Eric called me up to sing but I waved him off. I needed to introduce Jo to everyone. Besides, he always calls me Jenna, he knows that gets my goat but his wife's name is Jen too so in order to avoid confusion he always uses my full first name.

Drinks were on the way. A glass of wine for Jo and a UV Blue and lemonade for me. Finally, we all settled in to catch up on each others week. The group accepted Jo like she's been one of us forever. I felt good about that. And it was obvious at least a couple of the guys had their eyes on her.

We all took turns singing until Jo was the only one left to hit the stage. After some serious coercing she finally got on stage but she wouldn't tell us what she was going to sing.

She sung a very sultry version of "Shadowboxer" by Fiona Apple. She was oozing sex by the end of the song and everyone there went nuts. Her eyes never left mine while she sang the song. I was hypnotized and wet. And for the second time trembling in her presence.

Others in the crowd took their turns as did some from our group but no one could hold a candle to Joann that night. She sang Joan Osborne and Janis Joplin too. Was there anything this woman couldn't do I wondered.

Needless to say none of us could remember when we'd had so much fun.

Guys were hitting on Joann all night and she genuinely seemed to be having the time of her life. She danced the night away with anyone who asked. She did a sexy grind on me and I could feel her wetness on my thigh. We danced and partied the night away right into the early morning.

At last call I called us a cab and we enjoyed our last drink and said our goodbyes for the night.

We left the bar just as we'd entered, hand in hand and climbed into our cab. We kissed the whole ride home. Our driver was seriously distracted the whole way home. When we got to my apartment he told us not to worry about the fare but we tipped him well anyway.

I fumbled for my keys somehow managed to get the lock open and we fell through the door laughing about the cabbies obvious astonishment. I threw my shit on the table and headed for the kitchen.

Coming back into the living room I saw Joann rubbing herself lewdly through her silk G-string. Opening her eyes she patted the couch next to her. I grinned, sat down and handed her a beer.

We sat there enjoying our beers for the moment when Joann began to unbutton her black and white lace blouse. With her thumb and forefinger she gracefully unfastened her bra in the front and proceeded to spill between her swollen breasts.

"Oh my," I said having watched all of this lustily, "you seem to have had a little accident. Can I help you with that?"

Before waiting for an answer I leaned in to lick the spilled beer pooled in her navel then all the way up to her neck. The beer mixed with her sweat and perfume to create a heady mix that was only rivaled, I knew, by the taste of her pussy.

Unable to control myself now, I placed my hands on her shoulders. In one easy move I slid her blouse and bra off her shoulders and pushed her onto her back on the couch. Not removing her blouse all the way left Joann with her arms trapped at her sides. This was okay because I wanted to have my way with Jo tonight. Not that she minded but I do like to be in control sometimes.

"I've barely been able to concentrate this week thanks to you," I whispered into her ear.

I gently straddled her and my miniskirt slid right up my ass allowing me to grind against her. I worked my way from her ear down her neck then back up to kiss her full on the lips. I bit her lower lip playfully and moved back down to her other ear.

"Seeing how you've distracted me for a whole week I think it's only fair that I return the favor," I told her.

A soft whimper escaped her lips as if she was enjoying being a little submissive. Her eyes were closed and her breath was ragged.

"You see, I know last weekend you were a naughty little girl, weren't you?"

"Uh huh," she breathed.

"You seduced a sweet little girl who came over to be with you in your time of need didn't you?"

"Y-Yes...I...I'm so sorry," she said in a sexy little girl voice.

I had role played with men in the past and even by myself but hearing that little girl voice sent me over the edge.

Still grinding my pussy on her thigh I attacked her sweet and salty tits. I couldn't remember ever being this turned on before.

I was closing in on an orgasm. I reached out and grabbed a beer. Pouring the cold liquid on her hot nipples was amazing. She squealed.

"Now look what you've done," I said angrily. Raising to my knees and getting between her legs. I raised her legs over her head and swatted her ass. Smack!

Damn did that sting, I thought. My hand was on fire but it was nothing compared to my pussy when Joann screamed, "Ow, Mommy!"

My stinging hand leapt for my clit and started to rub it through my panties. I grabbed the zipper on the side of Joann's miniskirt and pulled on it. I brazenly yanked on her g-string too.

"Oh, baby," I whispered, "I'm so sorry. Mommy's sorry baby."

seeing her glistening pussy and the red hand print on her ass aroused me incredibly. My skirt was up around my waist but my panties were still in the way. Failing at removing them gracefully I did still manage to finally get them off.

I scissored our legs so we could grind pussy to pussy and told my little girl how I just wanted her to be a good little girl and not be naughty.

My pussy was on fire and Joann seemed like she was about to cum so I poured even more beer on our clits and lips. Joann did cum then and I ground against her a few seconds more before my hips bucked and I squirted all over Jo's belly.

Jo's body relaxed as the tension left her and I slowly moved so as not to spill my cum off her belly. I stared at it fascinated what I had never done before but now done twice in one week. I got on my knees on the floor beside her and again put my tongue in her navel. This time though I tasted myself not beer. I had sprinkled on her tits too. So of course I had to clean that up as well.

I helped Jo up and she finished removing her blouse and bra. By now it was pretty late (or actually very early) so I grabbed my "little girl" and off we went to bed.

Soon enough we were in each others arms and I very happily fell asleep.

I woke up some time later to find Joann between my legs. She was sucking on my clit like it was a miniature dick. The moonlight coming through the patio's sliding door showed me those twinkling eyes looking up at me.

"Oh fuck," I moaned.

"Do you like that, Mommy," I heard her ask in that little girl voice again.

I was very much awake now.

"Oh yes, baby, but I've got to pee," I said as I started to throw a leg over Jo's head.

She put her arm up and stopped my leg in mid swing.

"Jo, I've really gotta pee!"

"Go ahead and pee, Mommy," she giggled.

Slowly Joann stuck out her tongue and slid it between my lips and up into me. She was slurping me loudly and her eyes were still twinkling and giggling.

What the fuck is going on, I thought. How have things gotten to this point in the span of one week? Suddenly I was confused but I was also getting eaten out and having trouble thinking clearly.

After a few minutes of consideration I needed to make a decision. I was out of time as my bladder was full. Do I stop this or do I pee? In the next instant I looked down at Jo who was still looking up at me and I let my bladder go.

Jo let out a feral growl, closed her eyes and let my stream of pee splash all over her face. Her mouth was open and she drank whatever she could.

For me? Well I have to admit that her enthusiasm for my pee was exhilarating. I didn't orgasm but I sure felt like I wasn't far from it. It was just fucking sexy.

She crawled up and kissed me allowing me to taste my own urine. It was still dripping off her chin and I could feel its warmth on my neck.

This is all so fucking surreal I thought as I drifted off to sleep for the second time of the night.

I woke up in a cold wet bed with sunlight in my eyes and Jo Jo in my arms. I smiled and looked over at my alarm clock.

"Huh? Oh shit!"

"What? What is it, J," Jo asked sleepily.

"C'mon, we gotta get a shower and get going," I replied.

"Sounds divine," she said, not moving.

I went in and turned on the shower. I went back into the bedroom and rolled Jo over into the cold wet spot on the bed.

"Ahhhh," she screamed. She got up and followed me back into the bathroom.

Seeing those big swollen pussy lips made we want to do only one thing. But I knew we didn't have the time so I started to soap up her big beautiful C-cups. She sexily returned the favor.

"Jo Jo," I whined, "we gotta get to the airport and pick up my little sister."

"Oh yeah," she grinned.