 "Isabel. Isabel, there is an ant on your toe." 

I heard the sounds and I knew she was talking. I saw the words drifting from her mouth. She had such a pretty mouth. Even with the lipstick smeared and her hair disheveled, she was gorgeous. Her dark hair framed her oval face so perfectly, it amazed me. Leelah always had. 

I groaned and rolled over onto my stomach. Let the ant do what it pleases. It should live too. I wonder if that ant has a beautiful girl all to itself. I would hope so. Everyone should.

"Isabella. Are you even listening to me?" she asked. She stared at me with her chartreuse green eyes. I smiled halfway and yawned.

"Well, I'm glad I interest you so much," she huffed.

"Aww, baby, calm down," I said in a soothing tone. She smiled quickly and leaned forward. I watched her lick her lips and close her eyes. The silver eye shadow shimmered softly in the mid morning light. Her flawless skin hummed of youth and vitality. I wanted to cover myself in her essence. 

I leaned forward and met her lips with mine. Electricity flowed from the touch. I felt my heart beat harder. I touched her arm just to continue the amazing feeling of shared souls. My hand slowly trailed over her skin and onto her side. As I reached to unbutton her blue blouse, the pealing of church bells threw me off guard and we broke our embrace.

"Shit shit shit shit shit," she said under her breath as she reached into her purse to retrieve her compact. She performed some cosmetic

wonder and reapplied her lipstick. 

"You look fine," I tried telling her. She always looks fine. She should realize this and never have to worry about anything ever. She should just lie about naked and be beautiful while I compose poetry in her honor and sketch

her with charcoal. "No really, you do."

"But... the priest. He will know. They always know," she stammered.

"Fuck the priest. He's to busy banging the alter boys to care. If he has such a problem with homosexuality he shouldn't let his tastes run to small boys," I said. She looked at me with such a shocked expression, it was hard not to laugh. Oh God, if I laugh she will kill me.

"Bella, don't say such things. It's not right. You're going to go to hell and stop laughing at me. Hey, I said stop," she whined. I put on a mock serious face and whispered in her ear.

"Leelah, baby, according to them and according to this," I said while waving my hands at the Catholic church past the parking lot where we stood, "we already are going to hell." 

She looked hurt. I hated shoving her into the world. Her life had been sheltered. Her life had been protected. I sighed. I straightened my purple shirt and pulled my hair up. 

"Alright, fine. I give up, I'm sorry," I told her. I don't think I could ever really forgive myself for hurting her. Her silence brought me back to reality. I looked at the rows of cars in the lot. She had told her father that her and I were going to the early mass. We skipped it. Instead we sat in the grass by the gardens behind the church. I looked at the sky. It was Autumn and the air was clear. I looked again to the monument that stood before us. Why do I get myself sucked into this?

Leelah. It all came back to Leelah. My eyes looked back to the beauty next to me. She was just finishing pulling everything together. 

Suddenly, I needed to have her. I wanted her so badly. I needed to feel that bond between us. I needed her.

I slowly circled her. Like a cat, I watched her dig through her car looking for her sandals. Her dancer's body moved with such grace. I watched her intently. She shifted her weight and the muscles in her legs rippled with tension and she stretched herself to the xtreme. My mouth watered. 

"Aha. Almost... got it," she said to herself as she grabbed her sandal. I stood behind her and touched the back of her thighs. I slid my hands onto her backside. My hands continued to travel up her back and circle around her waist. She straightened herself and rested in my arms.

I parted my lips and tasted her neck. She squirmed slightly

"Bella, we're going to be late," she said.

"There will be others," I retorted. I gently bit down on the flesh of her neck. I placed my hands on her stomach and held her tight.

"But we already skipped one," she said futilely. She gasps quietly and I ran my fingers up her side. I cupped her left breast gently.

"And there will be others," I pinched her nipple and rolled it around between my finger tips. She let a small moan leave her lips. I purred and felt blood course through my veins. My body began to throb and I turned her around. I pressed her against her car. I kissed her with passion. She parted my lips with her tongue and let her tongue dance with mine. She bit my lower lip.

In a frenzied pace, I unbuttoned her blouse and nearly ripped it off her body. I licked down her neck and over her collar bone. I left small love bites on her skin. I lifted her onto the back of the car and greedily sucked her left nipple. I tried taking her soul into me. She laced her delicate fingers through my hair and ran her nails over my scalp. Her breaths urged me forward. I licked the salty flesh of the valley between her breasts and descended to her stomach. 

As I slowly bit and sucked a spot on her stomach, she leaned back onto the car and slowly raised her hips. Her moans and her expressions told me what to do. I unzipped her pants and stopped a moment to breath in the scent of her body. She panted and raised her hips to make me start again. I slipped her pants off of her slender body and pulled off her yellow flowered cotton panties. 

A cloud rolled past the sun and I faintly heard the sound of the choir singing. As I began licking her, all sounds and sights faded away. All I could hear was the roaring sounds of the blood in my ears as her passion intensified. I felt my own arousal become unbearable. I suckled on her clit and unzipped my jeans. As I stroked myself, I began licking her. My movements mirrored themselves and I felt my own orgasm build with hers. With my free hand I slid two fingers in her moist concave. She gasped as I did this. I turned my fingers upward and found the small pea shaped spot inside her. I caressed it while I licked her clit. I felt her body tense and her muscles clench. 

She arched her back while her orgasm shot through her body. I continued stroking my own clit while licking hers. Another orgasm ran through her and she held my head close to her body. She grabbed a fist full of my hair and pulled. At the first painful tug, an orgasm exploded from my body and I gasped. She pulled me on top of her and kissed me, tasting herself on my lips. I laid next to her with my head resting on her chest. I listened to her heart slow down.

"Yea we're going to hell," she said softly.

"But we'll have one hell of a time getting there," I replied. I looked into her eyes and she kissed my nose.

"Alright get up. I need to make myself presentable... again." She laughed and sat up. I watched her carefully put on her blouse and I watched her carefully zip her pants. I smiled and basked in the afterglow of the mind boggling orgasm. I closed my eyes and the sun made bright patterns in my minds eye.

The opening of doors woke me from my day dream. I sat up and watched parishioners come around the building. People filled their cars and drove off. I wondered if any of them actually cared about the service. As the lot emptied, an old woman walked to the car next to us.

"Such a beautiful service. You should have gone in, young ladies," the women told us.

"Oh don't worry ma'am. We will be going to the next one, right Isabel?" Leelah said. I nodded and grinned. The women got in her car and drove away. I leaned into Leelah and whispered very softly,

"Not if I can help it."