 I started writing this story the same time as "Stand And Deliver" 7 days ago. It is complete even though I did it within 4 days. As I don't do rewrites it either survives or is scrapped. As I am not completely sure about it, I thought I would submit it anyway to see what readers think?



 I wasn't sure why I should have Ashley on my mind lately. She was the last one I would have said I would think of. Not that I didn't like her even though she was the class bully when I was at school. I doubted she thought much of me because each time she picked on me and made me call myself names, I did without hesitation. What she did not know was that I did not want her to hurt me if she intended to because I did like her.

It was when I started the secondary school at 11 I first met her. We were in form C which was one up from the bottom. Not sure why I was put in there as I was always in B classes in the Junior school before we moved to our new home miles away from our old town. I didn't like the new town as I was a bit shy anyway and found it hard to make new friends. I did wonder if Ashley sensed that and was why she picked on me from the start. After a few months it stopped and after then just a day here and there over the years. I didn't miss the bullying but, I did miss her. She was not only the prettiest in the class to my mind but she could be witty as well as nice to talk to when in a good mood.

Even that first year when there was just the two of us she would often start up a conversation. She never hid the fact if she had overheard me talking with a friend as she would comment on it. Sometimes it was about a pop star I liked so she would tell me of a certain song they had sung she thought was really good and asked what I thought. Often it was also about a subject we had discussed in class and she liked my view so we would talk about that.

It suddenly hit me the reason she was on my mind when I was looking through the local paper. Her dad was a mechanic and I was looking for one to take a look at my car. I tried to think if I ever heard where his garage was, that was if he was still going. The Arches I thought someone may have mentioned.

Saturday morning found me driving along The Arches that were at the back of the station. I had to drive slowly as I could not recall Ashley's last name. It was on the tip of my tongue but no amount of hard thinking would bring it to mind. Then I saw it and her name came back to me. Jenkins Auto Repairs. So I pulled into the space opposite and parked up.

Inside the large doors I could see the back of what I thought must be the mechanic as he was bent over the engine of a car. From the amount of short dark hair I thought a bit young to be her dad. 

There was soft music playing in the background so they didn't hear until I was closer and went "ahem" to draw their attention. I was a bit stunned when he turned to discover it was a girl and quite pretty even with a grease smear on her face. It looked like she had wiped her hand across her brow and across her nose.

"Can I help you" she asked. The voice sounded familiar. She asked me again and then said "Cinders?". That was a bit of another shock when I realized who it was. "Ashley" I replied unable to keep the surprise from my voice. "Long time no see" she said and I had to agree. Nearly 4 years I realized since we were at school together as I was 20 in a couple of months and we left school at 16.

I did admit I hadn't recognized her as she had cut her beautiful long dark hair. She did raise her eyebrow so I told her I liked her new style as it suited her too. She told me it was also easier to work with. I did nod. She did tell me I looked just the same. I did thank her but I was never sure if it was a compliment or not from her. I did tell her a long time since anyone called me Cinders. She asked not even my old friends from school. I told her I had seen no one since I left and she was the first. She did give me a surprised look but I did not elaborate.

As she wanted to know why I was here I told her I was looking for a mechanic to hopefully fix my car. She asked what the problem was so I told her the engine plays up and someone told me it was a bit worn as it loses power. I had to admit I was a complete dunce with cars. She told me she would have a look and got a cloth and wiped her hands. I then led her over to my old mini.

She started it up while I stood near the kerb. After she popped the bonnet she got out and after opening it listened to the engine. Even with grease under her fingernails I thought Ashley still had nice hands. She still had that lovely golden tan I remembered so well. I did wonder how as the slight tan I got in summer always faded during the winter months.

I came out of my reverie when I realized she was talking to me. She told me it could cost a lot to fix up and I might be better off buying a cheap car. I told her it was my nan's and meant a lot to me. I did ask how much and she told me to make it like new it could be even up to the 1000 pound mark or more. I did go "oh" not expecting that. She told me as a friend she would see if she could find ways to do it cheaper. I shook my head and told her I would pay as I didn't want her to be out of pocket. I could see that surprised her. She still told me she would do whatever she could for me but I owed her. I did ask "like what". She told me she didn't know yet but nothing bad. I told her as long as she did not do herself down I accepted.

After locking up the car we went to her office. She did tell me sorry for the mess. I told her not to worry. She told me then since effectively taking over from her dad she didn't have time to sort it out. I did tell her if it helped with the car I could always come in during my spare time like Saturdays to help. I told her I worked at old Mr. Patterson's the solicitor where I was a secretary cum dogsbody and he only works five days a week. She told me she might hold me to that so I gave her a smile.

She went through the book then and thought if I could bring it in next Saturday about 9. I told her that was fine. She did ask when the MOT was due. I thought the end of April but would check. She told me to let her know and she would make sure everything was okay for it to pass. I thanked her for that.

She did ask my name as I was always called Cinders so I told her Angela Crosby. She asked me then if I was still living in Sycamore Avenue. I shook my head and told her I was now living in Stalag 17 where I had a bedsit. It was a long block of flats built during the 70s and everyone thought it looked like a prison and it was still called that. They had even revamped it with double-glazing and modern kitchens and bathrooms but they couldn't change the look of the place.

Ashley thought I lived with my nan. I admitted she died last June and as the council wanted her place they gave me the bedsit. She told me she was sorry. I did thank her but admitted she had been ill for years so was expected. I saw her frown as though she was trying to put the pieces together but I didn't add more.

I did tell her it was nice to have seen her and she told me "likewise". I was just about to turn to leave when I jumped as there was an almighty bang. She told me it was probably the steel sheet works across the way and it echoed like mad. I told her I thought it was lightning. She told me she remembered the teachers used to take me out of class when the storms got really bad. I lied and told her it was a phobia. She seemed to think about it and told me she remembered Mr. Hilton the maths teacher carrying me out of class one time when we had that really bad thunder storm and all the lights went out so it was really dark. I had to admit I could not remember that. I could see her search my face but thankfully she let it pass. I wasn't sure what I could have told her anyway as I could not remember any of it.

Ashley walked with me to the car. Once I got in I wound the window down. She did tease I need to find myself a boyfriend who repairs cars. I told her "I don't date" and wondered why I had said that. I know Ashley gave me a strange look so I told her "until next Saturday". She told me to take care and I told her the same before I started the car and drove away. I did frown to myself wondering why on earth I had told her something I never told anyone else.

That week wasn't too bad even though the storms still threatened. For the start of March it was warm but it meant more rain, more dark clouds and ligthning. Each day I even checked the powerful battery LED lamp on my desk to make sure it worked in case the lights went out. I kept two in my bedsit just in case although if in bed I could always pull the duvet over and bury my head under the pillows.

Saturday I turned up at the garage just before 9. Ashley was already at work I could see when I entered the place. She saw me this time so came over to meet me halfway. I did ask what time she started and she told me 8. She asked if I fancied a brew so I told her I would make them if she wanted. She did tell me "she won't say no" and then told me where everything was. I did ask sugar and she told me "two". So I told her "coming right up". In the office I found a couple of mugs while the kettle boiled and even washed them up. Once they were ready I called to her.

In her office as she sat on the edge of the desk I sat in the chair. I asked what time she closed so she told me 12. I wondered how to ask her and then decided better too not beat around the bush. I told her as I had nothing planned today I was willing to help sort out her office. She did tell me she wouldn't hold me to it. I teased I liked a challenge. She thought it would certainly be that. I asked her then would she let me. She asked if I was sure so I told her I was. She did tell me if it got too much not to worry about carrying on. I told her I would be fine and asked her if she wanted another drink later on. She told me as I was offering 11 would be fine. I nodded. She told me then the loo and that was through the door and nodded her head in the direction of the back of the office. I turned and saw the door.

After she left I looked around. Finding a broom I used it to sweep the ceiling and walls. After then I dusted the desk and washed down the work surfaces before sweeping the floor. Once the washing up was done which took a bit longer finding even more dirty mugs and that even in the filing cabinets I started on the rest of the room.

It was nearly 2 hours by the time I finished having also sorted out the filing system into some order. It needed a bit of fine tuning making sure papers were filed correctly and that but, at least everything should be to hand.

Ashley said she was impressed as she thought I had worked wonders which pleased me when I called her in for coffee. I did show her where things were but did admit I had not checked files to make sure all papers were in the right place. She did tease she would have to be careful not to dirty it up now. I returned her smile before telling her all the mugs were clean and showed her where they were in the cupboard that was now tidied.

She did tell me if she can get lots more work in she may need a secretary and thought I would be ideal. I did admit I would like that and asked if things were that bad at the moment. She told me not bad but her dad was more interested in him and her mum going to Spain and they left recently. She did admit he could have put more work into the business before he left. She told me then she was going to buy the business as soon as she had enough cash. I thought that would be nice being her own boss. She did like the idea but there were a lot of headaches. I told her if I could help Saturdays she only had to ask. She asked even with the way she had bullied me at school. I told her it was a long time ago. She did tell me if I had resisted a little she would have preferred that as she did like me. I did laugh and then confessed why I did it as I liked her so much and didn't want her to hurt me. She had to admit she had never thought of that.

I did think about it and told her I used to love our talks when there was just the two of us. I saw the surprised look on her face. I told her not only did I think she was the prettiest girl in the class but she was witty and intelligent and unlike my friends who were always talking about boys. She asked if I really did think she was the prettiest. I did feel myself blush a little before I admitted I did. I thought she had such beautiful hair too and the last I heard she was going to grow it even longer when she left school. I did tell her it was a bit of a shock to see it all cut off. She told me she had forgotten that.

I could see she was mulling something over before she asked was it really true I had no money for clothes for The Ball. A bit of a fancy title I thought for The School Disco Ball and liked Ashley agreed. I was called Cinders ever since I was 13 when we had the school disco and I told everyone I had no money for a dress so some wag called me Cinders as I couldn't go to the ball.

I told Ashley it wasn't true. I confessed then I could have asked my nan for the money but she knew nothing about it. Ashley asked why. I told her my nan had been unwell for a while and I couldn't leave her on her own. She didn't think many of the class would be that selfless. I had to admit I wouldn't know as I never saw anyone out of school. She did not know that so I told her my nan had to come first as she had taken me in. She asked no other relatives. I told her there were lots but I had a few problems and only my nan was willing to cope with me. She did ask "like what" but I shook my head. I think she knew I was close to tears so she told me one day she would like to know as she was sure no one in the class ever really knew the real me or what my life was like. She did give me a nice smile so I gave her a smile back. In ways while I watched Ashley walk away it did surprise me that she really did seem to care. That did make me wonder if like Ashley had said no one had ever really known the real Ashley either.

To take my mind off things I blitzed the toilet. A few stains still after years of abuse but the rest of it shone. Ashley did make me jump when she said "wow". She told me it had never looked that good and as she seemed really pleased I gave her a smile.

After a moment she asked if I knew it was nearly 12. I did look at my watch and was surprised it really was. She told me she would be locking up soon. I did leave her to use the toilet so she could wash her hands and that. I went out to see my mini on the ramp with the engine out I noticed when I moved closer to look. When she joined me I told her that was quick. She told me quite easy to work on. She thought the body looked good but will finish giving it a good check over Monday. I did tell her I forgot and did she want some money up front. I saw her hesitate and told her to let me and asked if 500 would be enough to start with. She told me more than enough so I got my cheque book out and wrote it out for that amount. I told her then I left my number in the phone index on the desk under Cinders and if she needed more anytime to let me know. She thanked me for the cheque and told me she would. She did ask if I was okay for money. I told her I was fine as I had a bit more for the car my nan left me and I saved what I could from my job.

I did tell Ashley it was a lovely car when we went oustide after she locked up. She told me it was hers as we moved closer. It was a black BMW. I wasn't sure if it was modern as I had no ideas about cars but the bodywork gleamed and looked as good as new.

Ashley told me to jump in after she opened her door. I did ask if she was sure. She told me "very sure" so I opened the door and climbed into the passenger seat. I did tell her it was lovely and comfortable after I closed the door and belted myself in. She told me it was a bit of a state when she bought it. I thought she had done wonders and told her so which pleased her.

After we drove off we mostly talked about the traffic and that as we drove across town. I directed her once we entered the car park for the flats I lived in and got her to park in my space. I did ask if she wanted to come up and I would even cook us something. I did tease I was a good cook when she hesitated although added unless she needed to be somewhere. She admitted she didn't so I coaxed her into coming up.

I made drinks first and then started to make a meal of grilled chops, mash and peas when she said that would be fine. I did see her look around and while dinner cooked I opened the door and showed her my balconey. I was on the top floor and told her it faced south and nice to sit out in summer. She thought a nice view of the small park below. I told her I thought I was lucky as some of the other flats had views of the housing estate behind.

Back inside I saw Ashley look at the books while I checked dinner. I teased I loved reading them when she looked at me. I told her they were my nan's old romances and I liked as there was no sex. I could see she wondered at that. I told her they were just a nice escape where I could immerse myself in how the woman feels as I read through the book. She did nod but I was not sure she understood. To me it didn't matter if she got to be with the man of her dreams as it was the emotional rollercoaster ride where I would laugh and cry. Never dating I just wanted to explore my emotions through someones elses world even if it just exists in print.

I did make some gravy and put the dinners out. Ashley thought it was lovely which pleased me. It wasn't hard but I guess I missed being praised now I only had myself to cook for. A bit lonely I knew but that was what I accepted my life was like.

Ashley did ask when I learned to cook. I told her I thought the start of secondary school although I cooked more when I was 12. Ashley raised her eyebrow. I told her my nan had a dilibating illness that got worse. She did help when she could but I tried to make life easier for her by doing everything I could. She asked what was wrong with her. I had to admit I did not know. I told her my nan was a bit old fashioned where children aren't told the elders problems. In ways she wouldn't tell me so I would not worry although I did. Her doctor would not tell me what was wrong either although I tried every trick in the book I could think of to get it out of him.

She asked how she died. I told her kidney failure and explained how she slept quite a bit but towards the end she seemed to get more sleepy. Her doctor just gave her tonics and more medicines. Then she got really bad and didn't seem to know where she was. She thought I was even my mum when I stood by her bed. So I called the doctor out. This time another doctor came out and knew exactly what was wrong with her and called an ambulance out. I went with her. I did call some of the family to pass it on that nan was in hospital. I didn't know how bad my nan was and they just told me they would visit when they could. I stayed with her but she passed away that evening so I had to call the family again and tell them the news.

I did tell Ashley I was not flavour of the month with the family. They thought I should have done more. I tried to tell them I wasn't a nurse and had to rely on the doctors. It made no difference though. I told her it was worse as I got the little my nan left. They were expecting a lot of money and I told Ashley I think my grandfather fritted it away as there were arguments. When I was 10 he died of a heart-attack. As nan was having trouble with the stairs we got an exchange and we moved here to this town and into one of the old peoples bungalows at the top of my road. Ashley thought I lived in the second house in as she often saw me go there when she walked home from school. I shook my head and told her Mrs. Parslow lived there. She was a widow and not only kept an eye out for my nan but would often get me bits from the shop when she went.
