 Chapter 06 

AN INTERRACIAL INTERLUDE 

With our anniversary party three days away Patty and I made a date with Naomi, the hot Jamaican server at Women's Cave and her girlfriend Carol. 

Naomi saved me an embarrassing exit from Women's Cave Friday night. Brittany had dome a number on my tits exciting me to the point that I was setting in a pool off my own pussy juices. Naomi gave me her robe allowing me to leave without the appearance of peeing in my white pants suit. Naomi offered some "Brown Sugar" when I returned the robe. I later learned that Carol is a platinum blond. 

We dressed in tight shorts and braless tank tops. Naomi greeted us. She and Carol were both dressed in thongs and skimpy lace bras. 

Naomi's large breasts overflowed her bra. Carol's bra easily held her small boobs. The two were complete opposites in body appearance. Naomi is 5-6. Carol is 6-0. Naomi is 38-23-37. Carol is 32-20-34. They exude sex from every pore.

I handed Naomi her robe. "Now hand me the rest of your clothes." she demanded, "Patty. give your's to Carol," As soon as Patty and I were naked, Naomi and Carol removed their under garments. 

I found the contrast between Naomi and Carol intoxicating, proving the opposites really do attract. While the idea of having sex with a black woman had a certain appeal I vowed to treat Naomi as a woman lover who just happens to have darker skin. I wrestled this in my mind and was lost in my thoughts when Naomi took my hands. 

"I thought I had lost you for awhile there," Naomi kidded 

"Oh sorry." I stumbled over a reply and truly told her: "I was just admiring your beauty." 

"So you like 'Brown Sugar" don't you." she asked. 

"To be honest, yes. But you are so much more. You are one incredibly attractive woman. And I want to make love to you not just for sex." 

She stared intently at me to gauge my seriousness. 

"You do not know how many white women have propositioned me over the years. Almost all wanted sex with a black woman. You are the one of a very few, including Carol, who see me as a woman." 

"I have offend wondered why people insist on using labels. Gay, Straight. White. Black. Native Americans, Why can't we just call humans Man or Woman." I argued. 

Naomi looked at me closely. Her eyes leaked tears of happiness. She came to me, hugged me close to her body and kissed me hungrily. Her soft puffy lips sent me into a kissing nirvana. Nothing in my experience prepared me for the sensations of her magnificent lips. 

I pressed my lips to her feeling only her upper lip.. She opened slightly and engulfed my lips sucking them into her mouth. Her tongue rhythmically danced across and around my lips. I placed my hands on her short cropped afro, I cupped her head. Her hair is soft and jet black, a nice contrast to her perfect brown skin. 

Gradually Naomi released my lips. She opened wide and waited for me to follow. We melted together. We moaned incessantly. Our tongues played a continuous duel. Our passions grew. Lips stayed locked together moving side too side. Our breasts seemed to play a game of there own, sometimes mashed together, otherwise meshing side by side. 

We spread our legs and pushed our pussies to each other's thighs. Sweet hot juices poured from our cunts. Our breathing was heavy and labored. I felt Naomi's huge clit and reached down to feel it. It was as Brittany promised, extremely large and ultra sensitive. 

As quickly as I touched the head of Naomi's clit, her body started shaking. She leaned back. She grabbed my head to keep from falling over backwards. Her eyes shut tightly, Her mouth opened wide. As her orgasm overtook her body she opened her eyes and gasped, "Here's the 'Brown Sugar' I promised." Nectar gushed from her pussy covering my thigh.As she licked her juices from my thigh I glanced at Patty and Carol. 

Carol was up side down with her thighs resting on Patty's shoulder in the tight grip of Patty's hands. Her long blond hair almost touched the floor. Her hands had a firm grip on Patty's ass. They were eagerly munching each other. 

The scene ignited my fire and I turned me attention to Naomi. 

She was recovering from her orgasm, resting comfortably on a couch. I kneeled beside her and gripped her left breast with both hands. Her breasts are natural and firm with no sag at all. I squeezed with both hands. Her nipple grew longer. I sucked it gently. She purred like a kitten. When she was satisfied she moved my head to her right breast. I wanted to feast on her boobs forever but they are too tender to dwell much longer. 

I gave them on last squeeze and kissed and licked thru her valley to her belly button. She is puffed out, the first I had seen. I sucked it like a nipple. "Oh that feels good." Naomi purred. Once again I found a belly button far less sensitive then mine, so I moved on. 

Her pussy is perfectly shaven. Her brown outer labia revealed a hint of her pink vagina. I licked her labia for a few moments, Her pussy opened slightly revealing her inner labia. I licked her pussy feverishly discovering every fold and crease. Her clit grew. I gently as possible held against her urethra, and pushed two fingers in her vaginal opening. I was in heaven. As I have said many times I love nothing more than eating pussy. I labored to give Naomi the same pleasure I enjoyed from Patty who stands second to none when it comes to cunnilingus. 

"Take me to your bedroom." I begged. 

Naomi took my hand. Her bedroom is designed for luxurious sex. Red satin sheets cover her king size waterbed. The ceiling is a giant mirror. Many candles glowed everywhere. Sultry music played softly

"We can use some toys if you desire." Naomi offered. "Thank you but I want only your body." I replied

"Great. Then it just me and you," Naomi agreed. 

We lay side be side on the bed. We French kissed and rubbed each other's pussy. She rolled on top of me and lowered her head to my breasts. She pushed my mounds together, lashing her tongue rapidly back in forth over both nipples, I almost jumped out of my skin. I was ready to climax but managed to hold back.

The feeling was exquisite and subtle. She stopped, lowered her lips to my right boob and sucked so hard it felt like my entire tit was in her mouth. . My body jerked involuntarily. I momentarily passed out, an old habit I have yet to break. 

Somewhere in my subconscious I heard Naomi's voice. "Cindy! Cindy! Come back to me. Please. What have I done?" 

I felt a cool cloth on my face and slowly recovered. Naomi held me in her arms. "I am so sorry my love." 

"Please do not worry. I sometimes pass out from intensely pleasurable sex." I explained. 

The delicious warmth of Naomi's body quickly rejuvenated my sex drive. She rubbed my tender areolas and ran her tongue thru my valley to my belly button. This time, I prepared for an orgasm as she kissed and licked the super sensitive knotted skin. 

"Yes! Oh yes!" I urged her on. 

She opened wide pressing her lips hard to the surrounding skin. She flicked her tongue rapidly. She rolled her tongue and stabbed over and over again. I could not contain myself. My entire being was supercharged. Stars flashed in my closed eye lids. From deep from within my body a rumbling title wave after wave rolled from my cunt. For the first time and as impossible as it may seem, I squirted. Looking back I now assume my naval must share nerves with my G spot and clit. 

Naomi acted quickly to cover my pussy and collected almost every drop of my female cum. She saved a huge mouth full and dribbled into my mouth. 

We shared the juice in a sloppy kiss. 

"You are now my soul sister." Naomi announced. "We are a sisterhood of cum swappers." 

"That is a very large family." I joked. "Patty and I always share. In fact I cannot recall making love to anyone and not sharing." 

"Let's share some more," Naomi asked and dove immediacy to my pussy. 

She licked me from ass hole to naval. then ass hole to pussy. Each lick ran deeper. My rose bud opened and she stuck a finger in my rectum and wrapped her lips around my sopping wet cunt. Her tongue reached deep in my vaginal opening. Her upper lip pressed against my clit. Her tongue turned to a piston, ramming in and out driving my half crazy with lust. I was a frothing mess. Naomi's face shined a golden brown. I grabbed her head and pushed it hard to my pussy. I spread my kegs wide and launched into a multi-orgasmic rage. The harder she pushed the more I climaxed.

When I finally calmed down it was obvious we were both exhausted. We cleaned our bodies the best we could and walked naked to the loving room to retrieve our clothing. 

Patty and Carol were wafting for us in the living room. Both had the contented look of an evening well spent. 

"Patty explained that you have leave now." Carol said to me, "I hope we can get together soon. Your lady is incredible. It is obvious you are very much in love. We are so happy that you trust each other and gladly share love with others." 

"That is so sweet of you." I responded. "I promise we will see each other often. Your Naomi is a remarkable woman." 

We all exchanged hugs and kisses for a bit longer than necessary. It was as though none of us wanted to part. Patty and I finally broke away. "See you soon." patty bid goodbye. 

On the drive home I nestled close to Patty. We both were drenched in the aroma of sex only a woman can make. It was like perfume to us. Patty's children, Maria and Mario were sound asleep. We showered together washing away Naomi and Carols essence and fell soundly asleep in each other's arms. 

THE END 

Next: Anniversary party becomes a three day orgy.