 This is a story about my first lesbian experience. My name is Anita. I am a 20 year old Indian girl and I live in London, England. Looking at me, I'm 5'5, with cinnamon brown skin, a slim body, long black hair and 34b breasts. I am at a university in London, and live my own apartment in the halls of residence. My flat isn't that big at all, in fact its more like a dormitory - one single bed, a desk and an en-suite bathroom.

After a night out with my friend Amanda, we came back to my flat. Amanda is very pretty, she's got tanned white skin, 5'4 in height, long blonde hair, a toned and slender figure with 36c breasts, which are round and perfect in shape. That night both of us had pulled a few guys, and got phone numbers, it was fun just the two of us. The bar that we went to was close to my flat, so I let Amanda stay with me. She is a good friend of mine, I've known her since we were 15, and have always got on really well. We've seen each other in underwear many times, we go shopping together and we've been underwear shopping too. But we've never had any kind of lesbian contact, and this, unknown to both of us, was going to change tonight.

On the way back to my flat, it had started raining, and without an umbrella, we both got soaked. When we entered my flat, the first thing Amanda did was take off her top, revealing her huge boobs nestled in a skimpy pink bra. I could see her pink nipples through the material, and they appeared to be quite stiff, but I put that down to the cold from the rainwater. She took off her little skirt too, further revealing a pair of skimpy pink knickers. I thought her underwear set was quite cute and sexy, and I had helped her choose it. I did the same, leaving my skirt and top on the floor. I was wearing a white g-string and matching bra, which was quite revealing but not as much as Amanda's.

"God it feels better to get out of those wet clothes." Amanda said, "They were clinging to my skin, and it was feeling so uncomfortable!"

"I know what u mean, it was feeling the same on me. I had to get out of them." I replied. "Do you want a towel to dry yourself off a bit?"

"Nah I'm not that wet underneath my clothes"

"Alright then"

We sat on my bed next to each other and leaned against the wall. It was about 1am, but we weren't tired at all, so we stayed up talking. Amanda and I talked about sex quite often, and were not afraid to share intimate details with each other. I think we felt comfortable telling each other stuff. We talked about guys, their bodies (including their dicks!) for a couple of hours. She described the way her now ex-boyfriend made love to her, which I thought was quite erotic.

Amanda stood up to stretch a bit. I noticed her nipples still stiff under her bra, and wondered why, until I looked at her crotch. There was a small wet-patch on her pink knickers, and the moisture had made the material a bit darker.

"Anita do you masturbate?" she blurted out.

"What!", I instantly replied

"Well do you?"

"Umm sometimes.... Ok quite often!"

"Me too. Its fun isn't it?"

"Oh yeah definitely. Some guys just don't know what to do, and I gotta take care of things for myself."

"I know exactly what you mean, some guys are so hopeless in bed!" Amanda exclaimed.

She saw me looking at her crotch, and looked down at herself.

"I guess I'm a bit turned on", she said blushing.

"I can see", I said.

There was a bit of a pause, and she sat down at the other end of the bed so she was facing me, and crossed her legs. I could still see the wet patch. I turned to face her. I didn't do it on purpose, but I realised I gave her a good view of my breasts, and my chocolate nipples were now poking through my bra. I felt my pussy get a bit hot and wet too, and I didn't know why. I guess it was from all the sex talk.

"How often do u masturbate?" I asked her.

"Umm, not all the time, maybe a few times a week."

"Do u feel like doin' it now?"

"What Anita! Right now, this very moment?"

"Yeh...", my voice trailed off.

"Yeh I could use an orgasm right now, it would feel so good."

"So do I", and with that I lifted my right leg on the bed near the wall. My foot brushed her knee as I put it down on the bed.

She seemed a bit shocked at my reply, and she asked me

"Do you wanna masturbate together?"

"Yeh... lets. It'll be fun!"

"Mmmm. I'm gonna take of my bra, is that OK with you Anita?"

"Umm ok go ahead, I suppose it would be ok"

Amanda reached around her back, and unhooked her bra. It fell into her lap and her breasts spilled out, nipples all stiff. She threw the bra on the floor.

"Amanda your nipples are well nice! They look like little pink rosebuds"

"Thank you honey!" she said with a smile, "This is gonna be so much fun!"

Amanda began playing with her breasts, caressing them, and pinching her rock hard nipples. She closed her eyes and let out a soft moan. I just watched her for the time being. I knew she was getting very horny. I took mine off too, letting my cinnamon breasts fall out. I made a little 'ugh' as my breasts became exposed to the air. She opened her eyes and looked at me, legs spread with my breasts out.

"You're quite turned on too aren't you? Your breasts look great, that light brown skin with those chocolate-coloured nipples, and they're stiff too!"

"Mmmmm" I replied as I stared pinching my nipples

The area on my white panties which covers my pussy had become transparent from my building-up moisture, and her eyes fixed on it.

"I can see your pussy Anita. Your panties are transparent! Damn you must be really wet down there!"

"Oh yes I am... my pussy gets really wet when I'm horny, I think there's something wrong with it"

"Oh no, that's not a problem," she said reassuringly, "Its good to be really wet, makes it really lubricated and smooth"

"Ok cool!" I said.

"Wow check out your brown pussy lips, its lovely. I've never seen an Indian pussy before.", she said to me as she slipped one hand in her knickers.

"I guess is just the same as yours, just a different colour"

"Mmmm I guess so"

I could see perfectly what she was doing. She was running her finger up and down her pussy slit. I put my fingers on my pussy on top of my panties, and stoked my slit too. I pressed the material in my slit, and the roughness was extra stimulating. We both moaned as we fingered out slits.

"Let me see yours Amanda, I wanna see it"

Without any reply, she put her legs together, and slid her panties off her legs and kicked them off with her toes. She spread her legs, to reveal a cleanly shaven pink pussy. It was already wet, and her slit glistened in the light. Her pink pussy lips had become engorged with blood, making them appear a darker shade of pink. She continued fingering herself while I watched her some more. I saw some of her pussy-juice trickle out of her vagina and down to her little brown anus. I pushed my panties to one side, and run my finger down my slit, parting my pussy slightly.

"Mmmm its pretty babe, looks like a pink flower!"

"So is yours, I don't know how to describe it but your brown pussy lips look just... yummy!"

I put one finger inside, then two, and began finger fucking myself. The room filled with our sexual aroma, and we could both smell it. Amanda parted her pussy lips, and I saw her take some of her pussy juice from her vaginal hole, and spread it on her clit, which had become a dark pink. She moaned and groaned as she teased her clit. 

"Ooh this is great! I think having a bit of an audience watching me turns me on more" Amanda said.

She then pushed two fingers inside her hole, and thumbed her clit. I mimicked her movements and it felt amazing. This is how I usually masturbate.

Her breathing became much heavier, and I knew she was coming to orgasm. Hearing her cumming made me want to cum as well, and I fingered myself faster. She kept her eyes on my pussy and I stared at hers while we both came at the same time. Our bodies writhed as we both brought ourselves to a scintillating climax, and her leg rubbed against mine. Her skin was really smooth, she had freshly waxed her legs. God this felt amazing, I felt as though I was taking part in her orgasm too, and I'm sure she felt the same. After she came, she lay there, and gently stroked her pussy lips, which were quite red.

"Ooohh that was amazing" she gasped

"Mmmmmm yeah" I said

We lay there for what seemed like a few minutes, and let our heavy breathing subside.

Finally, Amanda broke the silence with

"Anita can I see your pussy?"

"Sure" I replied, without any hesitation. I brought my legs together, and slid my white g-string off my cinnamon brown legs and feet. I felt it stick to my pussy from the wetness as I peeled it off my crotch. I parted my legs.

"I can't see it that well, part your legs a bit more"

I spread my legs, showing her my full glory. My pussy isn't shaved clean, I keep a thin trimmed line of my black pubic hair.

"Wow its lovely"

"Do you really think so?"

"Oh yess, it looks different to mine, but it looks really nice. I love the way your brown lips open up to reveal your pink core." She opened her pussy to me, showing her pink and very moist core to me.

"Yeh, I'm the same as you inside, just a bit different in appearance on the outside."

She leaned forward, "Can I touch it?"

"Umm I dunno, it might make me feel a bit weird" I said

"I just wanna see what it feels like"

"Mmm ok then", I let her.

She placed her index finger and middle finger on each of my labia, and gently stroked them as she felt my brown pussy. She continued to stroke them, and I felt myself getting wetter again. She gazed at my pussy. I felt her eyes fixed on my pussy, and it made me feel warm down there.

"Mmm Anita your still soaking wet down here"

"I know"

She softly gasped as she parted my cinnamon labia, "Wow", she seemed fascinated at my pussy, and she wanted to know more. She slowly ran a finger down my hot and wet slit.

"Amanda that feels really nice what you're doing"

"Do you want me to stop?"

"No don't stop", and she didn't.

We lay there for a moment, Amanda gently stroking my pussy. I was getting wetter and wetter.

"Can I masturbate you Anita? I'd love to give you an orgasm... but if you don't want me to touch you I won't, and it would be cool with me."

She was already pleasuring me so well and I didn't want her to stop.

"I want you to Amanda" 

She didn't hesitate for a second. It was as though this was her desire, to please this dripping wet brown pussy, and she was loving it. So was I. She parted my pussy lips further, and with her other hand, she slid one finger into my vagina.

"Mmmmmmm" I moaned as she entered me, "Ooooh yeah that's good!"

It was already wet from her own pussy with her own juices. Our pussy juices mixed as she slowly slid it all the way inside. Her white finger disappeared in my brown pussy, and re-appeared as she pulled it out. She continued pumping me softly with her finger, and then she pulled it out

"I'm gonna touch your clit now ok honey?"

I couldn't answer because I was enjoying it too much. I bucked my hips upwards a little, giving her even better access to my crotch, and I played with my breasts, caressing them and pinching the nipples. She used the juice from my vagina to moisten my clit, and her finger rotated around my little brown pleasure knob. It felt even better than when I do it to myself. My clit fully emerged from its hood, and she carried on pleasing it.

"Oh Anita, I love your pussy! Its so soft, and its tighter than mine" she exclaimed, "Ooooh this lovely brown cinnamon gorgeous pussy..."

Her words were orgasmic. I writhed with the pleasure, and stretched my legs out, placing them on her thighs. She slipped a second finger inside, and curled her fingers up and rubbed the inner wall of my vagina with her fingertips.

"Oohhhh Amanda that's my G-Spot! Mmmmmmmm yeah keep doing that... it feels soooooo goood"

She happily obliged, and placed her thumb on my clit again and pressed it. This felt heavenly - my G-Spot and my clit being pleasured at the same time, I felt my orgasm slowly building up. My body writhed and bucked, as I continued playing with my breasts.

"Anita your pussy feels so lovely on my hands"

"Amanda your hands feel more lovely on my pussy"

I was cumming all over her hands. I moaned and groaned as she finger fucked me so expertly, my body writhing and bucking on the bed.

"OOOoooohhh Amanda! I'm cumming! Mmmmmmmmmmmmm Ohhhhh....", and my voice trailed off.

She didn't say anything, she just concentrated on this cinnamon pleasure box in her hands. I felt my vaginal walls close in around her fingers in an absolutely intense orgasm, but Amanda didn't stop. In all this pleasure I didn't even ask her why she was carrying on, all I could do was moan more. About 30 seconds after the first orgasm, I felt another one, just as intense as the first. Was I having multiple orgasms? I'd heard so much about them, but didn't know if I'd ever had them. But whatever I thought, I knew this white angel of my friend was giving it to me, and so well at that.

She pulled her hands away, and let my pussy recover. I was still moaning and finally stopped writhing on the bed as my heavy breathing continued. She took her fingers to her nose, sniffed my scent and them licked all of my pussy juice off them. I was a bit shocked at this but didn't care.

"Mmmm tastes the same too", Amanda said. She then planted a soft kiss on my sore pussy.