 I rolled over to look out of the window, frowning at the sound of chirping birds, and then glanced over at the clock. I shouldn't complain, right? After all, everyone had been bitching and moaning about the dark, cold, snowy winter months. Chirping birds meant spring...and ultimately summer. So what if it was 8:30 in the morning? The birds weren't governed by human clocks...fucking birds.

There was no point in lying in bed, even though it was my day off, so I swung my legs off of my comfy futon and headed for the shower. I took a moment to appreciate the quaint studio. I liked the studio. The main room was huge. It had oversized windows that allowed for lots of sunlight, gorgeous hard wood floors that had recently been tended to, pristine butter cream walls...well, the wall color was my ex's favorite color, not mine. But the landlord painted this apartment, not me. The bathroom was just as nice, very spacious, a deep, claw-foot tub that easily accommodated my six-foot frame, an old fashioned sink with a porcelain base and separate faucets for hot and cold water (it took me months to adjust to that), and a gorgeous mosaic tile mermaid design on the main bathroom wall. I took the apartment because it was close to my job, moderately priced, spacious and sunny. Considering I was confined to a windowless, drab office all day, where my idiotic boss refused to allow any of us to brighten up our cubicles with personal knickknacks, I simply had to have colors and light at home. Not to mention, it was pretty far from the quaint little house I had shared with my ex in the burbs. In fact, center city Philadelphia was as extreme a contrast as I could get without switching jobs.

While I loved the bathroom, I didn't waste much time in there. It was already Tuesday and I only had four days left to my week of vacation. I didn't do anything but sleep all day yesterday, so I didn't intend to waste another day. I was going to shop till I dropped today. I had a list of CDs and books I'd been meaning to buy for months and now I finally had the time.

I rolled my eyes when the phone rang. I knew who it was. I loved this lady, but she really did drive me crazy. I pulled on a pair of form fitting jeans before snatching up the cordless phone.

"Hi Ma."

She hated when I called her "ma." She preferred "mother" or "mom." I didn't give a shit. Besides, I loved to torment her.

"Kennifer Amelia Lewis, why didn't you call me back yesterday?" 

My mother's insistence on using my full name, however, brought me out of my playful mood right away.

"Mom, I told you I was tired. I worked on that project until 2am Monday. I had to finish it before my vacation. I slept the entire day!" I was whining, I knew it. Sheesh, what this lady did to me was absolutely amazing.

"And you were too tired to find out if your mother needed something? What if I was dying and needed a ride to the hospital?"

I rolled my eyes again, "Mom, you live in Northern New Jersey. I hope you would call 911. I'm sure an ambulance would get to you in less time."

"And now you have nothing but sarcasm and hostility for your mother? Is that how I raised you?"

I sighed again, what was the point? I was 35 years old and my mother could still make me feel like I was right around six. So I slipped into "good daughter" mode and placated my mommy, settling in to listen to the list of complaints she always had. She just wanted someone to talk to, that's all. Her sister was on some cruise, my Dad had died about five years ago...she was probably lonely. I just wish she didn't annoy the hell out of me. She launched into the local gossip. Did she forget she'd moved there after Dad died and I had no idea who these people were? Next? Demands to know what I planned to do with the rest of my vacation. And finally, ah, there it was, the request for a visit. I managed to wiggle out of it strategically, but that would only buy me another day or two at most. I hadn't been up there in about two months, claiming I was too busy. It was time to pay my dues. I really was a shitty daughter... 

Okay, the chat only cost me thirty minutes. Cool. I pulled on a black tee-shirt, a leather jacket, quickly brushed my closely cropped hair (I was virtually bald with just a little peach fuzz on my scalp, but damn if it didn't look good on me). I smiled at my dark chocolate reflection and then hurried from the apartment before the phone rang again.

 * *