 Claire was so focused on her microbiology book the unexpected vibration of her phone caused her to jump, her chair to tipping precariously before righting itself. "Someone better be dead," she cursed while unlocking her phone. Finals were less than a week away and she still had four chapters of notes to take.

Despite herself the text from Ava brought a smile to her face. "School has so burned me out, wanna see hunger games @9 tonight at the village?" At least if she suffered a complete mental breakdown in the next week she'd be in good company. 

Ava and Claire had been friends for years but between relationships, kids, and now school they hadn't seen each other much in the last semester. "omg yes, need to study now though." She'd have to buckle down but her entire being was now aching a night away from the joy of higher education. 

Far too soon she was driving down the highway like a mad woman, applying her makeup at red lights, wondering how she'd allowed herself to be convinced taking two science classes and two labs at the same time was a good idea. 

By the time she arrived the frazzled student identity had been banished, the old t-shirt and sweats replaced with her favorite grey sweater, her new boots and leggings that at the moment were making her painfully aware spring had not yet sprung. 

She searched the crowd, worrying for a moment she'd been stood up. "Wow you look gorgeous," her friend's voice called, "you do know we are going to be sitting in the dark for two hours though?" 

"I haven't put makeup on for a week, I needed to feel like a woman again" Claire pouted. "And you have no room to say anything!" The black dress Ava wore left little to Claire or anyone else's imagination. 

"Hey Paul paid good money for these" she laughed, cupping her newly augmented breasts. "The least I can do is enjoy them!" 

The greeter took a far longer than necessary amount of time printing their tickets and Claire got his gaze lingering on her body several times while he directed them to the balcony. 

"That boy thought you were hot." Ava teased, knowing how uncomfortable Claire became with unwanted attention. "Too bad for him we are way out of his league."

"And I'm taken," Claire reminded her. She knew she wasn't ugly, most places she went she caught at least one guy paying her far too much attention but she didn't enjoy it as much as Ava seemed to. "Besides, you are the gorgeous one, I'd fuck you."

"You always say that, but you never do." Ava said, taking Claire's hand and guiding her through the crowd to their theater. "You're going to give me a complex!" 

Claire had hoped the movie would be a good distraction but as they often do the director had taken too many liberties with the story. The only redeeming factor was the seat side drinks the theater brought to them. 

"One of the few benefits of being nearly thirty" Ava boasted a little too loudly, earning an annoyed look from the couple in front of them as she finished the fourth drink of the movie. 

It wasn't as though Claire hadn't enjoyed her rum and coke but her mind was already thinking of school. She cherished seeing her friend but her thoughts were starting to turn to how much study time she was giving up to watch a bad movie. 

"Claire," her friend whispered, breaking her from her thoughts, finger half way curling in a drunken come hither movement. Ava's hand rested on her upper thigh, the unexpected touch sending a bolt of electricity from her clit. "So you know, you are the gorgeous one ... oh ... and someday I WILL fuck you." 

Claire didn't reply, but she also didn't remove her friend's hand that was now cupping her mound. Despite Ava's confidence they had never much gone beyond an occasional make out session. The sessions always left her dripping wet and aching for sex but she'd never allowed it to go that far. She always told Ava she loved cock which was true, but truth be told she was also terrified she wouldn't know what to do, that she'd disappoint her friend and she wasn't sure she wanted to anyway.

Sensing Claire would not immediately stop her at least, Ava's hand alternating between cupping and rubbing her mound, sending shock waves through her body. Claire never wore panties with leggings, something Ava was now using to her unfair advantage her finger discovering and circling the rapidly hardening clit. 

"Ava ..." She managed to whisper, her hand now gripping her friend's thigh tightly as her hips rose to meet her hand each time she cupped her pussy, her clit begging for more attention. She could only hope others in the theater were more interested in the unfolding scene of kids butchering each other than her oddly rhythmic movements.

Claire's hips pressed upward as though with a mind of their own, her pussy was on fire. "Stop?" Ava asked sweetly, letting her palm come to a rest against her friend's clit, a smile crossing her face as she felt fingernails dig a little deeper into her thigh.

"fuck ddon't stop" she gasped, how could the bitch do this to her? Her other hand pressed Ava's hand against her mound, begging her hand to move again.

Satisfied, Ava let spread her fingers, now rubbing two sides of Claire's clit through her leggings. Claire shifted to give her better access, she could feel the heat radiating from her friend's pussy, she pressed the tip of her finger against her opening, blocked from entering her only by the thin fabric of her leggings a moan of her own escaped her lips. 

Claire's thoughts of school were long gone, thankfully the sounds of battle on the screen both captivated the crowd's attention and masked the soft moans now escaping her mouth. Her pussy was sopping now, part of her wondered how she would manage to walk to her car with her leggings soaked but it was only a small part. Her body was in control now even though she was only raised a few inches out of her seat in her mind she was bucking wildly under her friend's touch.

"What are you doing?" a small, in fact a very small voice asked Claire. In that moment she didn't care, her legs trembled as Ava increased the pressure on her clit. She didn't know how she would feel tomorrow or what she would tell Cole but she knew if Ava stopped touching her now she would come undone but more than that in her heart she didn't want Ava to stop touching her. 

"You have no idea how long I've wanted to do this to you," Ava whispered in her ear, timing her fingers pressing against Claire's opening with her thumb circling what had to be a clit aching for release. "Now be a girl and cum for me." 

At that moment each moment of affection between them flashed in Claire's mind, the friendship, groping and kissing each other at the bar, her hips bucked harder. "I'm going -" the words were forever lost as Ava pressed her lips to Claire's and their tongues met, gently at first and then more desperate e as Claire's body surrendered to a soul bending climax, surrounded by a hundred oblivious people. Ava waited patiently for Claire to "cum" down from her orgasm. 

At last the credits appeared on the screen, they had spent the rest of the movie silently lost in thought, Claire's hand cupped in Ava's. Claire couldn't wait to get out of the theater, she needed to think and to figure out what and how much to tell her husband. 

Somehow "It was OK but the best part of the whole thing was when Ava rubbed my pussy until I came for her" just didn't seem like an appropriate response to the inevitable "How was your movie?" It wasn't that he would mind, in fact she was fairly certain he would encourage her, what guy wouldn't? But she had never allowed things to go this far. What she did know was she needed time to figure out how she felt before she brought it up with Cole. 

Claire was so lost in thought she didn't notice the two men approaching them from behind as they walked toward the exit. "Hey girls, nice kiss, can we provide any assistance?" She turned to young men, the word lust practically written on their forehead, the smiles on their faces made her want to take a shower. 

Before she could formulate a response Ava was ad dropped her hand and was inches from the larger man's face. "She's MINE, you need to back the fuck off asshole." 

Confusion, then anger crossed the man's face. "Come on Mike, let's go" his friend begged, attempting to pull him in the opposite direction. The man apparently known as Mike paused, considering his options, before concluding getting in a fight with a gorgeous woman half his size in a room full of men would not end well for him and allowed his friend to pull him away. "They couldn't handle us anyway."

"Idiot," Ava cursed, not yet ready to let it go. "Are you OK?"

"Yes, are you?" 

Ava confused at first, finally realizing everyone in the lobby was watching them. She forced down the urge to scream at and hit them. "I want to go home."

"You had four drinks in half an hour, you're not driving. " Claire said. "You can use the guest bed and we'll get your car in the morning. 

Ava wanted to argue that she was fine but the look on Claire's face made it clear the matter had been settled and it would be unwise for her to argue. "Let's go then."

The drinks gave Ava an excuse not to talk on the way to Claire's house. She genuinely loved her friend, she wanted good things for her. She could not stand to lose their friendship but another part wanted to pin her against wall, kiss her neck, and slowly undress her, to cup her breasts in her hands to whisper how beautiful she was in her ear. 

She ached to touch, to see Claire's pussy spread before her, to know what she tasted like, to hear her beg her not to stop pleasuring her and scream her name while she made her cum but it was obvious her friend was conflicted about what had already happened. She pushed the desire down, her stupid impulses had done enough already tonight. 

By the time they pulled into the driveway it was nearly midnight, the house was dark and quiet. Claire brought some extra blankets into the room and the moonlight from the open window washed over, lighting her profile. Her stomach flipped and she forced down the urge to kiss her. "God she's beautiful" she thought followed by "Shit, am I really this depraved?" 

In her heart she knew she wasn't depraved, Claire was one of her best friends and it was an understatement to say she was beautiful, though she didn't know it. 

Claire wasn't tall, dark skinned or overly busty but her face was perfectly proportioned, nearly angelic, it made her want to ravage her and protect her at the same time. The curves of her hips, waist called to her, she hated girls that could looked like boys with boobs, and she ached to have her hands on her hips. 

"It's going to kill me if I don't ask," Ava started, her stomach was in a knot. It wasn't like her to be either timid or unsure and she hated that she felt this way. "Are you OK with what happened?"

Claire paused, she had expected the question but not tonight and to be honest she wasn't sure yet how she felt. But the desperate look on Ava's face was clear, even without words it said: "Please say we are OK, please say I didn't fuck up our friendship." 

Too many questions, was she a lesbian, bi, just extra horny tonight? Did she want to do it again, did Ava? What would she say to Cole, would he be OK with what happened, would he be OK with it happening again, would he want to demand to have Ava too. Nausea washed over her thinking of him touching her, was that fair?

She chose her words carefully. "A lot is going on in my head but I am not angry with you." It was the best she could do to reassure her friend. She had spent the ride home trying very hard NOT to think of what had happened. Not because she hadn't enjoyed it, no, because she had enjoyed it more than she thought she would have. 

Like water rushing from broken dam relief flooded Ava's face. "I could not live with myself if I ruined our friendship by doing something stupid." 

"That would never happen." Claire sat next to one of her best friend's on the bed, putting an arm around her. From this angle Ava's breasts were on fully display and she couldn't help but thinking Paul was a lucky man.

Ava was the type of girl she had to think guys fantasized about while jacking off. She was taller than her own 5'3, full DD breasts that she envied and unlike Claire's, Ava's face was not innocent. The mischief in her eyes constantly hinted at the naughty things she knew Ava preferred in bed. Sometimes she acted before she thought things through but she had a good, if not guarded heart and Claire loved her for it.

Before she could stop herself Claire leaned in and kissed Ava gently, her tongue probing her lips. "God the tastes good" she thought to herself in the moment before Ava's lips parted, letting her tongue into her mouth. 

Ava's head swam, a moment ago she feared losing her friend and now Claire's tongue was forcing its way into her mouth, a hand groping her breast. Their tongues met and danced across each other, her head swimming desire overwhelming sane thought. Finally she broke the kiss crying out "I want you!" 

"You're always saying that, quit talking about it then and take me then." Claire taunted, she still hadn't decided how she felt but she knew she wanted this experience, at least one time. 

With a ferocity she wouldn't have thought possible Ava exploded, pushing her onto the bed, lavishing her neck and face with kisses while her hands roamed down the side of her body, finally cupping her mound in her hand.

"These off, now!" Ava commanded, tugging at her leggings. In a flash they were but a jumbled mess on the floor, and Claire's pussy was fully exposed to her friend. 

Her spot bulged to the point of aching and her own juices were already starting to flow down her slit and onto the bed. "You have a fucking hot pussy" Ava whispered, a look of what could be described only as hunger possessing the features of her face. 

"I don't eat pussy" she purred, "but for this one I'm willing to make an exception" She lowered herself between Claire's legs, kissing each inch of thigh, stopping just before her lips and working her way down her stomach to her mound

"No teasing!" Claire protested, the warm mouth on her thighs, and mound caused her already aching clit to scream in protest. "I need your mouth on me now, PLEASE."

Ava wrapped her lips around Claire's growing clit, letting her tongue circle it twice and then dart across it before gently sucking it into her mouth. Claire's body tensed beneath her, her hips shooting up into the air, begging for more. 

The taste of Claire's pussy washed into Ava's mouth, she was sweet, so sweet and warm, her own clit was aching for relief now but she ignored it. Tonight was about Claire. "You taste amazing," she gasped. "I've wanted this little pussy forever."

Claire's head spun as Ava settled into a pattern of circling and sucking and then darting across her clit. Her hands found their way down, holding Ava's hair back so she could watch her mouth taking her clit inside it. 

"Just like that, keep doing that" she begged, pulling Ava's head down harder against her mound. "Fuckkkkkkkk Ava!" the cry escaped on its own. She wasn't ready to cum, she beat the fledgling orgasm into submission. 

"Not yet" Ava thought to herself, letting her tongue trace Claire's clit to her perfect little hole, pressing the head of her tongue inside her friend's opening. "I'm not ready for her to cum yet." 

Ava was fucking the mattress, grinding her pussy against the bed. Her hand roamed the bed, searching for something more satisfying to grind against than the mattress, at last landing on a pillow. "Better than nothing" her mind screamed as she shoved it between her and the bed.

More of Claire's juice flowed into mouth, the scent of it, the taste caused her head to spin far more than the drinks she had that night. Claire's hands clawed at her head, begging her mouth to return to her clit. 

"Please Ava, please." Claire whined, pushing her hips down, nearly forcing her clit into Ava's mouth. 

"Please what?" Ava teased, looking into her friends eyes. "What would you like me to do?" An evil grin forming on her face.

"Brat!"

"Tell me and I'll do it" 

Claire was squirming, this morning she never would have thought she'd be begging one of her best friends to eat her pussy but she was well past that consideration, she needed to cum or she was going to fall apart."

"Lick my clit, suck my clit, she pleaded. "Don't stop until I cum, I NEED to cum Ava, please."

"Was that sooo hard?" 

If Claire intended a response it was lost forever in the unintelligible jumble of sounds that escaped her mouth as Ava buried two fingers in her pussy, her fingers tips finding and rubbing her g-spot as she sucked her clit into her mouth, resuming her pattern of circles, sucking and licking. 

Claire's juice suddenly shot down Ava's fingers, dripping onto the sheets as her hips erupted in the air, her pussy grinding almost painfully against Ava's face. "I'm cumming ... AVA!" Ava froze, letting Claire ride her orgasm until she collapsed on the sheets.

"Feel good?" Ava asked after a moment.

"You have no idea. All I could think was your face was between my legs, eating my pussy." Claire's eyes met Ava's. "Do you want me to make you cum?"

Ava did, she ached to feel Claire's mouth on her pussy. She wanted to flood her mouth with her own cum not wanting to push her too far in one night she shook her head. "I'm almost there, just kiss me. 

Claire slid down the bed until her lips met Ava's. "I want you to touch yourself thinking of my pussy Ava" she whispered in her ear. "I want you to remember the taste of my pussy, how I felt squeezing your fingers."

Ava's fingers were flying across her clit now, circling, darting. She hadn't lied when she had said she was close, she had fucked the pillow nearly to orgasm. 

"Cum for me Ava, cum" Claire said, "show me how bad you wanted my pussy." 

Ava's fingers danced across her own clit, circling, her hips coming off the bed, the room spun as she opened her mouth. "I'm gonna cu -" Claire's tongue parted her lips further and filled her mouth and danced across her tongue as her orgasm shook her body. Finally they both collapsed, a tangle of arms and legs. 

They spent what seemed an eternity, looking at each other, knowing their friendship wouldn't ever be quite the same again. 

"You should go to bed," Ava murmured in her ear at least. "Cole's going to wonder where you are at some point." 

"Are you jealous of him?" 

Now it was Ava's turn to be silent, searching for the right words. Finally she found them: "Who wouldn't be a little jealous of the person that gets you Claire?" 

"There you are!" a groggy husband greeted Claire as she crawled into bed. "How was your movie?"

"We can talk about it tomorrow," Clair said, taking his hand and pressing it against her pussy so he could feel how her still dripping pussy. "Right now I need you to fuck me, can you do that?"

"You know I can" Cole said, laughing and rolling her onto her back while spreading her legs. "Now show me my pussy, you dirty girl."