 Part 1: Maid service 

Claire Madigan is an eighteen-year old beauty from Tucson, Arizona. After taking up golf at the age of nine, she soon showed the natural talent that would earn her an LPGA card at seventeen. Now out of high school, her first year on the pro tour has yielded four top ten finishes including a second at the Players and a tie for third at the US Open.

Claire is the perfect specimen for a professional golfer. She is five foot ten inches tall and one hundred and fifteen pounds. She is lean and slim and very fit. A gorgeous face tops off an incredible figure with a perfect tan, tight round ass, short blond hair and small firm breasts. 

She was now bent over and eyeing a twelve-foot putt on the eighteenth green at Castle Rock Country Club, her home course. It was a pose not a single man in the gallery was ignoring. It was Saturday and the third of the four round Arizona State Championship. Clair was at nine under and even with Cassie Brooks and tied for the lead. She eased the putter back and stroked. Her club struck the ball and sent it on a trajectory some three feet right of the hole. Her speed was perfect and six feet from the hole the ball began curving left, found the right lip, ringed the hole nearly 180 degrees and dropped.

The gallery erupted as Claire retrieved her ball and slowly walked off of the green without acknowledging her playing partner, the caddies or the crowd. Once she had signed her scorecard she headed to the players locker room. She was hot and tired and all she wanted was to shower, go home and prepare for tomorrows final round away from all of the cameras and questions and unwanted attention. 

As she entered the locker area she went directly to her assigned private dressing room ignoring anyone else who might be in there. The rooms were only ten by twelve feet but nicely done with a small sofa, closet, stocked mini fridge and private shower. She closed the door and immediately flopped onto the sofa, laid her head back and closed her eyes.

Claire's next sensation was a soft knock at the door. Claire just sat there hopping who ever it was would go away. The knock came again. "What?" Claire called, sounding annoyed. 

The door slowly opened and a head of short curly brown hair followed by the sweet face of a young girl peered into the room. "Sorry." She offered. "I was supposed to put fresh towels in your room but I got pretty busy and, well, I guess I forgot." Her right hand offered a stack of white bath towels through the door opening.

Claire pointed to the bathroom door. The girl entered the room and slowly made her way into the bath and deposited the towels on the counter. Claire watched her as she went past. She was short, maybe five feet tall and very slim with little breasts barely visible under her white blouse. She was wearing a knee length pleated black skirt and black loafers.

As the girl emerged from the bath Claire was still watching intently. "I was asleep." She said.

"Excuse me?" The girl asked.

"When you knocked, I was asleep." Claire explained.

"I'm sorry." The girl offered.

"I was having a very nice dream." Claire added.

The girl shrugged her shoulders. She had no idea what to say. "Sorry. I know what that's like." She offered.

"I doubt it?" Claire asked. Claire stood up and moved in front of the girl blocking her exit. "Because I was having a very erotic dream." The fingers of Claire's right hand picked through the curls at the side of her head. "Your too young to be having erotic dreams." Claire's fingers slid along the side of the girl's face, down her jaw line and under her chin. "Right?" She asked.

The young girl was appearing a bit nervous. "I have dreams." She said.

"Really?" Claire challenged. "Sexy dreams?" She asked. 

"Sometimes." The girl replied.

"Do you dream about your boyfriend?" Claire asked.

"I don't have a boyfriend." The girl said. 

"Neither do I." Said Claire. The girl nodded like now they had something in common. "You know why I don't have a boyfriend?" She added.

The girl tried to shake her head but Claire still had her fingers under the girl's chin. Claire lowered her head to the short girl and leaned in putting her mouth to her ear. "Because I don't like boys." Claire said. She pulled her mouth away from her ear and lifted her face enough so she could press her lips to the girl's mouth. Claire kissed her gently and long letting her tongue find it's way into the girl's mouth and the young girl did not try to pull away. 

Claire's mouth finally pulled free and she leaned back to look at her up close. She was just as cute as she could be with flawless complexion and a fresh smile. "What's your name?" Claire asked.

"Sammy." She said. "Samantha but I have four brothers and they all call me Sammy" 

"So what do you intend to do about it?" Claire asked.

"I don't understand? The girl said

"Really?" Claire said. "You interrupted my sexy dream. I think you should be held responsible."

"I still don't understand." Sammy said. "Do you want to go back to sleep? I promise I won't interrupt you again." She added. "I'll make sure no one else does either."

Claire smiled. She leaned in and kissed her again, just a quick one. "Go lock the door and come back over here." Claire ordered. The girl just stood there looking a Claire. "Now!" Claire said firmly.

Sammy turned and walked to the door and turned the lock. When she turned back around Claire had pulled her tee top over her head and was unsnapping her bra. She dropped it off of her shoulders and tossed it to the floor. "I said to come back here." Claire looked as Sammy with a stern face.

Sammy slowing walked to in front of Claire. "If we are going to get along, you are going to have to listen better." Claire cupped her face in both hands and kissed her gently. "Have you ever been with another girl?"

Sammy hesitated trying to understand just what Claire was asking her. Finally she said softly. "I've never been with anyone." 

"Well my sweet little Sammy, love, tomorrow." Claire stopped and waited.

"Tomorrow, what?" Sammy finally asked.

"Tomorrow." Claire kissed her. "You won't." She kissed her again. "Be able to say that." Claire pushed her tongue into Sammy's mouth and the young girl again did not pull away.

Sammy was breathing deeply. "Take my shorts off." Claire instructed. Sammy just stood there until Claire stepped back. "Take them off, now."

Sammy finally stepped forward and slowly raised her left hand to find the waistband of Claire's shorts and slide her fingers into it. She used her left thumb to unbutton them and then her right hand found the zipper and began to lower it. When the zipper was down Sammy slid her thumbs into the waistband and moved them to Claire's sides and pushed.

Sammy could feel Claire wiggle her hips very slowly and just enough to aid Sammy and the shorts slid over her hips and to the floor. "Pick them up." Claire said.

Sammy knelt down and as Claire would raise one foot and then the other, Sammy would pull the shorts free. When she started to stand again she felt Claire's hands in her shoulders. "My panties." She said.

Sammy paused and then raised her hands and slid her hands around Claire and up her hips. Her fingers gripped her elastic band and began to slowly pull them over her hips and down her legs. Claire lifted her right foot and Sammy pulled the panties off and then they repeated with the left. "Give them to me." Claire said.

Sammy raised them and Claire took them in her right hand. "I've been wearing these all day." Claire said. She held them out and touched them to Sammy's nose. She waited and finally she heard Sammy take a deep breath. Claire tossed the panties to the floor and patted Sammy on top of the head. "Good girl."

Claire put a hand at the back of Sammy's head and pressed, urging her forward until her nose touched her pubic mound and Sammy flinched. When Sammy tried to pull back Claire patted her on top of the head. "You just let me drive, OK?" She said.

Sammy just knelt in front of her. "I need you to let me be in control. Do you understand?" Claire said.

Finally Sammy nodded. Claire patted her head. "Good." She pressed the back of Sammy's head again and this time she yielded without struggle. When her face touched Claire's mound Claire grabbed her hair and turned her face so her mouth was at her labia. Claire pulled Sammy to her sex and she held her there. Claire eased her feet sideways opening herself to her new lover. Slowly she began to feel Sammy's tongue extend and brush the folds of the labia and trace the length if her pussy. Claire was so turned on that she began to rock her hips in time with Sammy's tongue. 

"Oh sweetie." Claire whispered. "Deeper. Go deeper for me." Claire's right hand still gripped Sammy's hair. She slid the left hand down the right side of Sammy's face gently patting her and urging her on. "Oh fuck." Claire cried out. "I'm going to cum." She began to thrust her hips rapidly onto Sammy's mouth. She grunted as she began to coat Sammy's face with her juices. 

Claire felt Sammy begin to relax so she pulled her hair sharply upwards holding her captive. "Don't stop. Not yet." Sammy continued to use her tongue to pleasure Claire as Claire slowing road her climax to its ebb. 

When Claire had finished she simply released the girl and walked into the bath closing the door. Sammy heard the shower running as she stood and straightened her clothing. She went to the sink and washed her face. When she looked into the mirror she saw her lips were puffy and he cheeks were bright red. She had no idea how she would explain any of this. She was confused and hated that she had let herself be manipulated so easily. But, she could feel a very nice wetness between her legs and she was quite aroused.

She turned to leave when Claire opened the bathroom door. "Good, you're still here." Claire let the door open completely and she stood nude and wet from the shower. "Come here." She stood and waited and finally put one hand on her hip as to indicate inpatients. 

Sammy started to protest but found herself moving toward the open bathroom door. When she was inside and the two were again close together, Claire said. "Get undressed. I want to see your body." 

Sammy found herself without the ability to resist Claire. She began by kicking off her shoes and then pulled her blouse from the waistband of her skirt. She unbuttoned it and let if fall from her shoulders. Sammy did not need a bra but she always wore a very light weight cotton sports bra which she now pulled over her head. Sammy realized at this moment that she was looking forward to Claire doing the same things to her that Claire had just made her do. Sammy unbuttoned and unzipped her skirt and pushed it over her hips where it fell to the floor." 

Sammy slipped her fingers into her panties and looked at Clare. "Go ahead sweetie." Claire said. Sammy lowered her panties and stepped out of them. When she straightened, Clare reached out and took her panties and sniffed them. Then she held them out and pressed then to Sammy's nose. "Smell.' Claire said. "You are one horny little sweetheart, you are." 

Sammy breathed in. She could smell her own sex. Claire stepped into the shower that was still running. She held out a hand and Sammy took it and followed her in. Claire took a small sponge and soaped it generously then she handed it to Sammy. "Wash me." She instructed.

Sammy took the sponge and brought it to Claire's shoulder and began to soap her arm. Claire took Sammy's chin in her right hand and kissed her deeply. "My pussy. Wash my pussy." Sammy moved the sponge to Claire's stomach and let it slowly slide over her abdomen and over her mound and down between her legs. Claire kissed her again and said. "How can you see what you're doing from this angle?" Sammy began to kneel down and Claire patted her head and said. "That's a good girl."

Sammy proceeded to wash Claire thoroughly and repeatedly as Claire leaned against the shower wall and closed her eyes and enjoyed the attention. Finally she straightened and pushed Sammy's hand away and looked at her kneeling in front of her. Claire swung her right leg in front of her and twisted so she was now facing the wall. She spread her legs and arched her back. "Wash." She said.

Sammy brought the sponge to Claire and began to soap her ass and between her legs. Sammy put her left hand on Claire's left hip to steady her. Claire was rocking and her hips rolled in tune with Sammy's sponging. After a time Claire took Sammy's left hand and pulled it in front of her to her mound. She guided Sammy's fingers to her clit and worked them until Sammy had figured out the rhythm Claire wanted.

Claire continued to rock on Sammy's hands for a good while and then suddenly she took the hand held showerhead off of its hook and rinsed all of the soap from her backside. She simply dropped the showerhead then she turned to look at Sammy and reached back with her right hand and grabbed her hair and pulled her face to her ass. "Do me again." Claire turned back to face the wall and arched her back as Sammy's lips found her ass cheek. She began to spread kisses over both cheeks and down the back of her legs and strained to get to Claire's pussy. Sammy shoved her tongue between Claire's legs and licked her and kissed the inside of her thighs.

Sammy saw movement at the sides of her head. It was Claire's hands reaching for Sammy. Claire strained until she reached Sammy's head and then grabbed her hair in both hands. Claire pulled Sammy upward until Sammy's nose slid between Claire's ass crack. Claire urged her higher and Sammy's lips were pressed into the crack. "Lick me." Claire demanded. Sammy pushed her tongue forward and it hit the bottom of Claire's crack. Claire began to pull Sammy's head so it slid up and down along her ass crack. Each time Sammy's tongue rubbed over Claire's anus Claire would grunt and push her ass back into Sammy's face. "Oh God yes." Claire said.

Sammy found herself entranced with licking Claire's anus and began to try to push her tongue into it. She would wiggle it and Claire would push backwards and Sammy licked and finally felt her tongue enter her lovers ass and Claire cried out in pleasure and began fucking Sammy's tongue to a second and even more intense climax. The fingers on Sammy's left hand was still embedded in Claire's vagina and she felt Claire's juice begin to flow over them. Claire worked her ass on Sammy's mouth for another couple of minutes before she collapsed against the shower wall.

Finally she negotiated around the young girl who was still kneeling behind her until she was turned around and looking at her. She bent down and took her under the armpits and helped her to her feet. Claire had turned off the shower and now reached for a towel. She handed it to Sammy. "Dry me off." She stepped out of the shower and seemed to be inpatient waiting for Sammy to step out and go to work. When she finally had Claire dried off, Sammy said. "Will you have sex with me now?"

Claire looked at her and laughed then she took the young girl in her arms and hugged her tenderly. "Would you like that?" Claire asked.

Sammy nodded. "I need to hear you say it. Would you like me to fuck you?"

"Yes." Sammy said softly. 

"Fine then. But I have to get home before my family gets worried. I'll give you my address. Can you come and see me tonight?"

Sammy thought and said. "Yes."

"Can you spent the night with me?" Claire asked. "The entire night?"

Sammy said. "Yes.

"Good." Claire said. "You'll get all the sex you ever wanted tonight." Claire patted her on the head and set down on the stool with her legs apart. She held Sammy's left hand in hers. "Now go on. Get out of here so I can get dressed."

Sammy pulled away but Claire held her fingers firmly. Claire smiled. "I want a kiss good bye."

Sammy smiled and leaned in and kissed Claire on her waiting lips. When she finally pulled away and tried to stand, Claire still held her fingers tight. Sammy looked at her confused.

Claire smiled. I said I want a kiss good bye." She leaned back against the toilet tank and spread her legs as wide as possible. Sammy finally moved close and knelt in front of her once again. She leaned into Claire ready to please her one more time. "Wait." Claire said and Sammy stopped and looked at her.

Claire lifted her left leg and pulled it close and grasped the ankle with her left hand then she repeated the move with her right leg. She leaned her knees outwards until she had spread herself as wide as possible. "There you go sweetie?"

Sammy put her hands at the back of Claire's legs and leaned in pressing her mouth to Claire's pussy. She began to make long slow licks from Claire's ass hole to her clit and pushing her tongue deep into Claire each tine she passed her vaginal canal. She sucked her clit at the top of her pass and wiggled her tongue against the anus at the bottom, Claire moaned at every new sensation trying to arch her back and lift her ass off of the seat. Sammy, for the first time in her life, felt empowered and in control, the girl setting before her was in ecstasy and it was because of her, what she was doing to her.

Sammy pushed her tongue as deeply inside of Claire's vagina as possible and began to wiggle her tongue along the inside of her sex. Claire was writhing on the seat and whimpering and breathing in gasps. "Holly shit. Holly shit." Claire cried.

Claire's juices started to flow onto Sammy's tongue in waves and she lapped at her new lover trying to salvage every drop. When Sammy was certain that Claire was spent, she stood and used a washcloth to clean her face. She gathered her clothes and went into the other room to dress. Claire's feet dropped to the floor and she leaned her head on the adjacent counter top. When she heard Sammy close the dressing room door she just smiled. 

Part 2: An evening with friends

At eight thirty, Claire's family had finished dinner and were all spread around the house doing various things. Her older brother Paul, three years her senior, was downstairs in the gym lifting free weights as he did twice daily. Her sister Tracy, a year and a half older, was reading a glamour magazine in the living room. She was setting beside their mother, Anna whom was just turning forty-two. Her father Michael was in the family room watching the Saturday evening news and Claire was in her bedroom with a neighbor friend and classmate, 

"I don't care." Said Tess. "I don't think that's fair."

"Come on Tess." Claire pleaded. You know I don't do that and I know how much you like to."

Tess shook her head. "I like to do it with you, just you, you know that."

"But she's gorgeous. You'll see, I promise." Claire said, "Please say you will. Please"

Tess looked at her. "How gorgeous?" 

Claire giggled and hugged her friend. "Oh thank you, thank you." Clair squealed. "You won't be sorry, I promise."

"I didn't agree." Tess said.

The two girls were setting cross-legged on Claire's bed as Claire leaned over and kissed Tess on the cheek. "You will."

Tess held Claire's face in her hands as she kissed her longtime lover. "So, how much time do we have until she gets her?" Tess asked.

Claire giggled. "I have no idea. Why do you ask?"

Tess smiled and pulled her tee shirt over her head. She was not wearing a bra, Claire followed suit. The two girls rose to their knees and unsnapped their pants in unison. Then, then lay down on their backs and wiggled their way out of tight jeans. Claire was slightly faster and was on her back with her knees drawn up high awaiting Tess.

Tess crawled in between Claire's legs and thumbed Claire's panties, pulling them over her hips and up her thighs. Tess quickly worked the panties off of each leg and tossed them. When she leaned down toward the pussy she was always craving she started to laugh. "What the fuck?" She said.
