 My first experience with another girl happened the summer before I started college. 

I had finished up my senior year in high school with three best friends. We were all athletes and met in the trainer's room our junior year as we nursed minor injuries and sprains back to health. Gina and I were co-captains of the girls' soccer team and Lori and Ellie were both volleyball players. After about the third week of hanging out and rehabbing our injuries, we just decided that we all really, really liked each other and that was that. We were inseparable from that point on.

I was really focused on soccer and school and it had paid off as I received a full scholarship to play in college. I really didn't date too much and at this point I had made out and fooled around just a little with a few guys that I had dated, but to be honest, I had never been past second base. Did I want to have sex? I didn't think I was mature enough to go all the way yet, but I was mature enough to know that the absolute last thing I needed was to get pregnant. I had my future planned out with school and soccer and I wasn't going to jeopardize that.

Don't get me wrong, I was practically horny all the time, but my friend and teammate Gina had turned me on to the joys of self pleasure during our sophomore year. She had really sympathized with my sexual inexperience when I opened up to her and she had explained in detail how to masturbate properly. I finally decided I would give her methods a try and I had become pretty much addicted to getting myself off. It actually made it a whole lot easier in terms of avoiding temptation. If they treated me well and acted like a gentleman, I would let my dates get a feel of my boobs over my shirt while we made out. But no further than that... which wasn't too hard knowing that I would take care of things on my own once I got home. It just made it easier to say no. 

I thought I was satisfied with being a 'self-sufficient' young woman in the sex department, but my senior year had proven a little more difficult. I guess I had always been fairly popular, but as a senior I had to deal with quite a bit of attention from boys. Basically over a period of eight months starting right after Christmas of my junior year, my boobs had increased in cup size from a modest C to DD's. It happened so fast that I was still trying to get used to them (which wasn't easy with all the running we did in soccer) and I definitely still wasn't all that comfortable with the attention they were getting from not only guys in my class but from teachers and administrators. At that time it had kind of creeped me out and I felt like nobody looked at my face when they talked to me anymore. So to say I was a little self-conscious about them was an understatement.

The four of us had just finished up with graduation and all the awesome graduation parties the previous weekend. We had summer jobs lined up with the intention of saving as much money as we could for our first year of college, but with our various work schedules, we knew that spending a lot of time together this summer was going to be tough. We were all a little down about that because we knew that before we realized it, it would be time to pack up and head off to our colleges of choice. So our plan was to try and get together as often as our schedules permitted and we were kicking things off by having a sleepover at Gina's house as our last little hoorah before the summer grind started. 

Gina had also received a college scholarship to play soccer at a smaller school in Florida. Almost everyone considered her really, really cute with her short brown hair, deep, beautiful brown eyes and the sexiest splash of freckles across her nose and cheeks. Lori had played volleyball and had that surfer girl look with a great tan, long blond almost white hair and the most dazzling smile that was framed by a pair of dimples to die for. She wasn't that serious about volleyball, but was smarter than anyone else I knew and had a full academic scholarship to a school in California. Ellie, the other volleyball player, was just flat out beautiful with long auburn hair that framed the prettiest green eyes and a beautiful face. She could have easily been a model, but the fact that she was just over six feet tall made her seem unapproachable by most of the guys we knew. Fortunately for her, her height and skills on the volleyball court had resulted in a full ride to a Big Ten school. 

We had kicked off our evening together drinking beer, playing beer pong and eating pizza. We were having fun, but it was getting pretty late, so we all decided to take a quick break from our revelry to change clothes and get more comfortable. Ellie had changed into an oversized t-shirt and boy-shorts panties and Gina had on the same type of outfit (t-shirt and panties). Lori had decided to sleep in a long sleeved jersey with a pair of skimpy gym shorts. I had excused myself to use the bathroom and figured I'd just change while I was in there, so had slipped into an old pair of boy's boxers and a white tank top with no bra. I figured it was no big deal since we were going for comfort and it was kind of warm in Gina's basement even with the A/C running. 

When I came out I wasn't too buzzed to notice that my three best friends actually gave me the once over as I was walking across the room. WTF? They were actually out and out staring at my chest until I broke them up laughing when I flipped them off with both hands. 

We resumed our drinking game until Gina had the great idea to play truth or dare. We were all feeling really good and buzzed, so everyone was game. It started out pretty silly and involved telling a few embarrassing secrets about crushes and hook-ups and doing stupid stuff like eating gross combinations of our party foods... and of course a lot more drinking. Things started to get funnier and funnier and then it was just out and out hilarious when Gina dared Lori to run outside topless down to her mailbox and back. Little Miss Competitive Lori didn't hesitate in accepting the dare and of course Gina just had to lock the door so Lori couldn't get back in. She was standing there bouncing up and down with her tanned boobs on display, laughing and screaming for us to unlock the door while we all howled hysterically.

Ellie finally let her in and Lori acted like she was mad, but we all knew she really wasn't. She scowled at Gina and swore to get even to which of course Gina had to act tough and told her to bring it. Lori was still topless and decided that she would go ahead and bring it, so she tackled Gina on the couch and began tickling her.

At this point, I'm watching two of my best friends, one of whom is topless, wrestle and tickle on the couch. I started to feel that familiar tingle in my pussy and I knew I was starting to get a little wet while watching this take place. I felt really embarrassed like somehow the other three girls would know. I thought maybe I was paranoid when I felt like someone was watching me and I was startled a little when I quickly turned my head to see Ellie staring at me or more accurately, at my breasts. I was confused until I looked down and noticed that my nipples were rock hard and noticeably poking through my tank top like two pencil erasers. I gave Ellie an embarrassed smile and quickly crossed my arms.

Ellie smiled back shyly and then told the other two to break it up and let's get back to partying. Lori and Gina rejoined us, but Lori still hadn't put her shirt back on. Her boobs were tan all over and perky and stood out proudly and her nipples were very hard. She just grinned and shrugged like it was no big deal and downed the rest of her beer.

"It's Lori's turn," Ellie announced as she handed out fresh beers to everyone. I chugged what was left of mine and opened the fresh one Ellie offered. I was actually starting to go past buzzed and heading towards drunk.

"Yes it is," Lori grinned. "Ummmm, I think it's Jennifer's time - truth or dare, Jen?" 

"Dare," I rolled my eyes with a grin and drank some more of the ice cold beer.

Lori gave the other two a sly smile and then nodded at me. "I think it's time we finally get to see your assets in all their glory."

I shrugged my shoulders and held out a hand for a better explanation of what the dare was.

"Lose the tank top so we can see those boobs!"

Gina let out a whoop. "Yeah, baby! Show us your tits!"

I was a little offended at first, but then as drunk as I was and seeing their smiles and enthusiasm made me feel good about myself. I knew they weren't being mean or judging me and besides, alcohol had the tendency to somewhat lower my inhibitions. So after hesitating for another moment, I finally decided to hell with it, I might as well put on a bit of a show. I turned my back to the other girls and began to seductively raise the hem of my shirt a little bit at a time, glancing over my shoulder as I did. I pulled it up and over my head and then covered up with my arms as I continued to tease them with little glances over my shoulder and strategically moving my arms to give them peeks at side boob. As they whistled and shouted at me, I turned around and then raised my arms above my head, cocking my hip in a sexy pose. 

"Holy shit, Jennifer," Lori gasped. "Your boobs are freaking amazing!"

Ellie nodded in agreement while she stared at me with that same strange look on her face. 

Gina stared at my boobs right along with the other two, grinning like the Cheshire cat. "I told y'all they were spectacular."

"Oh, you did, did you?" I raised an eyebrow at my teammate.

Gina just smiled back at me and toasted the air with her beer. "If you got it, flaunt it, baby!"

I laughed and bowed theatrically, nearly losing my balance as my large boobs jiggled and swayed. I looked around for my shirt and couldn't seem to find it and then being reminded that it was my turn. I plopped down in the chair with my top forgotten for the moment. If Lori could sit around topless, so could I. "Truth or dare, Gina?"

"Dare of course!" she laughed and drained her beer.

"Alright," I laughed. "I dare you to do the booty dance for everyone!"

Gina was a really good dancer so she just grinned wickedly as she set her empty beer can down and went to the center of the room. She was also in super great shape with lean, muscular legs and amazing six-pack abs, so when she lifted her t-shirt up and cinched it into a knot so her perfect ass and amazing stomach were on display, I had to admit she looked really hot. I was just a little bit shocked though when Gina ran her fingers under the seams of her panties giving herself a wedgie so that her perfect ass cheeks were hanging out. Lori reached over and turned the volume up on the iPod home unit and Gina began to gyrate and move to the beat of some hip-hop song.

It kind of surprised me at how much of an amazing display of sensuality it ended up being as Gina moved her ass and rolled her hips, putting on a real show for us. She even danced her way over to Lori and gave her a quick up close and personal look by putting her hands on the floor like a real stripper and sticking her butt in Lori's face. Lori's nipples were still hard and I gulped as I realized just how sexy it looked with Lori's boobs so close to touching Gina's ass cheeks. Then Lori couldn't help herself and reached out and give Gina's ass a nice hard smack. 

Gina yelped and fell on the floor laughing with the rest of us and when she finally caught her breath, she said, "Okay, Ellie, truth or dare?"

"No sense in breaking the streak," Ellie shrugged and took a dainty sip of beer. "Dare."

"Okay," Gina looked at her thoughtfully as she considered her options. "I dare you to give Jennifer a real lap dance."

Ellie pursed her lips as she slowly stood up. She gave me a thoughtful look and then seemed to decide she was going to go all in. "Alright, find me some music."

Lori scrolled through her iPod and then put it back on the base and of course Def Leppard's 'Pour some sugar on me' began to play. Ellie nodded at the choice with a smile and sensually sashayed her way over to where I was sitting in the chair and without thinking about it, I moved my legs apart so she could stand in between them. I guess I really didn't mind that I was about to get a lap dance too much as I really admired Ellie. She had always been one of my favorite people and I thought she was just the nicest, sweetest person ever. The only problem was this was a whole different side to her. I'd never seen her act like this. I looked up at her long legs nervously as she began to smoothly move her hips to the music. She then slowly began taking off her t-shirt in time to the beat and tossed it to Gina. Ellie then slowly lowered herself so that she was sitting on the edge of the chair in between my legs in nothing but her bra and panties. 

She lay back against me and I know she had to be every bit aware of the sensation of my large breasts pressed into the warm skin of her back as I was. She ran her fingers up and down my arms and then upwards until she was running it through her auburn tresses, really getting into the moment. My nipples were so hard at this point, rubbing against the smooth muscles of Ellie's back that it was driving me crazy. She moved her body to the rhythm of the song and as she continued to grind her ass to the music, I subconsciously moved move my hips forward just a little so that her ass cheeks were pressing into my mound.

Ellie suddenly stood up and turned around and from her new position her thigh ended up pressing directly into my pussy as she grabbed the arms of the chair for leverage. She rocked back and forth so that her long hair trailed up and down my body. She then let her arms relax until she was pressed up against me and I could immediately feel that her nipples were hard through the fabric of her bra. She adjusted her body until her boobs were pressed firmly against mine. The feeling of her hard nipples touching mine through the thin material was electric and I know my boxers had to have a wet spot on them from how badly my pussy was leaking. 

I was literally panting I was so turned on as her face got closer and closer to mine. I looked at her lips as she mouthed the words to the song and thought how utterly soft and delicious they looked. I suddenly wondered what it might be like to kiss them. Wait, what? Why did I think that? But then I held my breath as her face got closer and she stared into my eyes. I actually almost leaned my head forward in anticipation of kissing her and then the song ended. The moment was gone as Gina and Lori clapped enthusiastically and whooped it up.

Ellie smiled and gave me a quick kiss on the nose and then stood up, taking her bows and picking up the dollar bills that the other two were now throwing at her. As drunk as we were all getting, I couldn't help but feel that there seemed to be just a hint of sexual tension running through the room as everyone took a minute to quench their thirst. I also noticed that Ellie had decided not to be bothered with putting her shirt back on either. I thought she looked beautiful sitting there in her cute little bra. She was just gorgeous!

Ellie looked around at the three of us. "Keep going?"

"Why not," Gina shrugged and Lori nodded. I just smiled.

"Okay, since it's my turn," Ellie announced, "Lori, truth or dare?"

"Dare of course, duh!" Lori laughed.

"Okay, smart ass," Ellie laughed back. "I dare you to play candy mouth with Gina!"

Lori being ultra-competitive sat up. "Don't think I won't!"

Ellie reached behind her and grabbed her purse and then dug around and pulled out a roll of peppermint lifesavers and tossed them to Lori. "Go to it then."

"Game on, bitches," Lori smiled as she snatched the lifesavers out of the air.

"Uh, what the hell is candy mouth?" Gina asked.

Lori chuckled as she used her fingernail to pick at the wrapper of the lifesavers. "Well, candy mouth is a little game one of the girls on the volleyball team told us she learned at camp that is supposed to help you learn how to french kiss."

Gina leaned her arm across the cushions of the couch as she listened to Lori explain. "Uh-huh... and?"

"And what?" Lori looked up confused. "You and I are going to play it so I can fulfill the dare."

"Oh, is that right?" Gina challenged. "You're going to "teach" me to french kiss then? For a dare?"

Lori scooted closer to Gina as she popped one of the candies into her mouth. "Exactly, now use your tongue to try and take the candy out of my mouth."

Before Gina could utter another word or question, Lori dipped her head in and pressed their lips together. At first Gina was surprised and they just kind of sat there with their mouths pressed up against each other. Lori's eyes kind of closed as we could see her mouth open slightly and Gina took the hint and followed suit. I was stunned even as buzzed as I was. Lori's nipples were hard and I couldn't believe how incredibly hot my friends looked as they began to kiss a little deeper. I glanced at Ellie who seemed to be watching just as intently as I was. When I turned my attention back to them, I noticed that Lori's hand had come to rest on Gina's thigh as they continued to play 'candy mouth'. 

It seemed to me like the kiss was starting to get pretty intense and then both of my friends started giggling and then outright laughing while trying not to break their lip lock. Gina suddenly started coughing and sputtering and pulled away (as she later explained she almost swallowed the lifesaver whole). 

"Oh, my gosh!" Gina gasped. Lori fell over on her side in hysterics as Gina continued to cough and hack and laugh all at the same time. Ellie and I couldn't help but laugh along at their antics.

"That wasn't half bad," Gina commented after she finally recovered and washed the taste of peppermint out of her mouth with more beer, "until you tried to kill me!"

"Awwww," Lori pouted her lips out empathetically and then leaned over and gave Gina a soft, but sweet kiss on the forehead. "I sorry."

Gina grinned and we all laughed again. I yawned and then of course that proved to be contagious as Lori yawned too and then Gina followed suit and yawned and said, "I don't know about y'all, but I'm pretty trashed and I have to be on the job at 8am sharp tomorrow. I guess I'm ready to hit it."

I was still buzzing pretty good and groaned out loud at the thought of having to be at work myself first thing in the morning. "Yeah, I guess we need to try and get a little sleep."

"Sounds like a plan," Ellie agreed as she stood up and put her t-shirt back on.

I found my tank top and put it on as well as we started moving the furniture out of the way in Gina's basement to make room for the sleeping bags. Because of the L shaped layout of the basement, two of us would have to sleep side by side in one part of the L and the other two would lay their sleeping bags out side by side in the other part of the L. Since Ellie and I were taller than the other two, we got the longer part of the L and I followed her around the corner with my sleeping bag under my arm. In the back of my mind, a part of my brain realized that Lori still hadn't put her shirt back on as she unzipped her sleeping bag. Interesting...

After Ellie and I had brushed our teeth and took turns peeing, we lay down next to each other in our sleeping bags and I soon realized I had another problem. I was still feeling really horny. Great, how was I supposed to get any sleep when I was still tipsy and my pussy was begging to be played with? In my drunken state, I started to devise a plan to wait until Ellie was asleep and then I would quietly go to the bathroom and take care of myself in there. Gina tiptoed by us and I listened as she closed the bathroom door. I instantly cringed at the fact that I could hear every sound she made, even her pee hitting the water and her stifled hiccups. Finished, Gina tiptoed back to her section of the basement. Damn, that plan wasn't going to work. Maybe I could sneak upstairs?
