 It wasn't that Mina liked doing homework, but she did like spending time with Kana, her college roommate. Mina had worried about room-mate assignments: it was her first semester, first time away from home, first time she was responsible for absolutely everything. But Kana was great. Even though they were so different: Mina had always been a hard worker, serious and diligent (despite the fact that most schoolwork came easy to her). She was quiet and reserved, almost shy. If she thought about it at all, she might attributed her character to being the only daughter of a somewhat domineering father and younger sister to a favoured son. 

Kana however was outgoing and vivacious; within the first two weeks of the semester, she seemed to know everyone, been invited everywhere and become involved in all sorts of extra-curricular activities. While Mina was pretty enough—slender and fit—Kana's generous smile and generally bouncy personality seemed to imbue her innate good looks with something extra: it may have been sexiness. Kana was very frank too; although she didn't go out of her way to curse, she wasn't embarrassed by hearing—or using—four-letter words. And while they'd never discussed it specifically, Mina was pretty sure that Kana was not a virgin, as she was.

But Kana was not a great student. Oh, she was smart enough, but just didn't think that class-work was the most important part of the college experience. Kana was there to learn about life, and if the courses helped, fine; if they got in the way, they could easily be dispensed with. Mina was happy to help her; with another girl, Mina might have felt as if she were being taken advantage of, but she could tell that for all her general sociability, Kana really liked her. So when they were teamed up on a big project for their Western Civ-101 class, Mina was glad to help.

And Kana certainly needed all the help she could get. 

"I just don't get the point," she would say. "It all happened so long ago—who cares?"

Mina tried to explain the "point" of history, but didn't push it. Kana mightn't have been convinced of the theory, but she was a team-player and willing to do her share of the work; she might have expressed a cavalier attitude to grades and classes, but she was determined to make a success of her college career as well.

When the first term break came up, Mina was a little worried about their project. "Will you be able to work on this when you go home?" she asked Kana.

"Oh, I'm not going home this break," she said. "My family are out of the country and I couldn't bear to be home alone for that long weekend. None of my old friends will be around either."

"You'll be here alone though, no?"

"Looks like," Kana said resignedly. "It's going to be pretty quiet in the dorm, huh? Maybe I actually can get some work done. Or maybe not," she giggled.

Mina was a little disturbed. Not that Kana wouldn't be working on the project; that could be overcome. She just hated to see her friend all alone, especially someone as social as Kana. That evening after dinner, Mina phoned her father and asked if she could bring a guest for the weekend. When she explained the situation, her father readily acquiesced.

"We could get some work done if we spent the weekend together," Mina said as they were getting ready for bed. Kana unhooked her bra and massaged her breasts; she was very comfortable with nudity and though Mina had to hide her discomfort at first, she'd gradually become used to it and even felt free to go without a robe herself, something she hadn't ever done in the past.

"You'd stay here with me?" Kana asked.

"No, I was thinking you could come home with me. I've already asked my father and he agreed. I'd be honoured to have you visit my home."

"And I'd be honoured to accept," Kana replied, with a tear forming in her eye. She went to Mina and hugged her. "That's the nicest thing anyone's done for me in a long time," she said. "You really are a good friend, Mina."

Mina returned her hug and felt a strange sensation course through her body as her arms touched Kana's naked shoulders and back. Since Mina was still in her bra and panties, it didn't register that the other girl's breasts were touching hers. A strange sensation, yes, and new; but inexplicably pleasurable.

Trying to minimize the obvious generosity of the gesture, Mina said that she was only concerned about the project, but her broad smile betrayed her attempt to act the grind. Kana certainly wasn't buying it: she kissed Mina on the lips and smacked her bum playfully. Mina was too young and inexperienced to comprehend the frisson she was feeling.

Over the next few days the girls made preparations for their weekend at Mina's. Kana demanded to know everything about Mina's household, about her stern father and obnoxious older brother.

"Oh yeah, Akira acts like the 'big man on campus', the big stud. He's a super-jock, on all the sports teams. And he always has a bimbo hanging off him."

"I bet he's got a big cock, huh?" Kana asked.

"Kana!" Mina blurted. "How should I know that?"

"You mean you've never seen him naked?" she asked, incredulously.

"Of course not. Nor would I want to," Mina replied, offended.

"Not even a little curious?" she taunted, enjoying Mina's discomfort. "I know I'd be checking him out."

"Well you may if you get the opportunity. But he's my brother." And then she added, somewhat wistfully, "I've never seen any boy naked. Except for the little kids I minded while baby-sitting, of course."

"Well we'll have to fix that situation, sister," Kana said with a wink.

That Friday evening when they arrived at Mina's home, they were greeted by her parents with great enthusiasm and warmth. Kana indeed felt humbled and honoured by her treatment, and enjoyed the meal prepared by Mina's mother. She also quite enjoyed flirting with Akira, which caused Mina to blush profusely. Kana found him even better than Mina described: tall and muscled, his tight t-shirt hinted at a well-formed chest and abdomen; his slender hips and shapely butt were clad in tight faded jeans.

Akira seemed immune to Kana's flirts, however, and as the dinner conversation covered a variety of topics and events, it slowly dawned on Kana that the boy was a bit dim. She remembered Mina referring to his "bimbo" girlfriends; it seemed appropriate somehow. Akira excused himself before the dessert was finished, saying he was off on a date. The girls helped Mina's mother clean the table and clean the kitchen and they had just joined her father in the television room when he rose and announced that he and his wife had an engagement with friends across town.

"You girls will of course be able to entertain yourselves, I'm sure," he said almost apologetically. "We should be back around midnight," her mother said as they left the house. The girls slumped into the sofa in front of the television set, idly flipping through the channels, settling on nothing.

"I'm a terrible hostess," Mina said. "You're bored, don't deny it. I'm bored, myself—you must be going crazy."

"So, let's do something. Something naughty," Kana said with a sly grin.

"You're terrible!" Mina laughed, but added, "What do you have in mind?"

"Let's go through your brother's things and see what incriminating stuff we can find. I bet he's got a cache of things that would embarrass the hell out of him if found."

"No, no! That's awful!" she giggled. "We couldn't. We shouldn't."

"We should...I bet he's got all sorts of porn. Imagine the goofy look on his face if you dropped the name of his favourite DVD! Come on, let's go." Kana ran up stairs to the bedrooms with Mina close behind her; they listened at Akira's door, and slowly squeaked the door open in spite of knowing the boy was out. Mina went to peer out the window; she was nervous. But Kana went straight to his dresser and opened the bottom drawer: "It's always in the bottom drawer," she said. "So obvious." And after shifting her hand under the sweaters and hoodies, she cried out: "Bingo."

She took out a large manila envelope with a broken clasp and dumped the contents on the bed: three DVDs and a two-year-old Hustler magazine spilled out. Kana picked up the discs and glanced at the titles: Barely Legal Cum Sluts (5), Girls Gone Wild—Spring Break '06, Sapphic Explosion 8: Asian Edition. 

"Kind of disappointing," Kana said, noticing that Mina was paging through the Hustler. "I guess with all the porn on the Internet, there's not much need to keep hard-copies, huh? See anything you like?"

Mina swallowed hard, unsure of how to answer. She's stopped at a photo-spread depicting an absurdly large-breasted blonde in various positions with two guys wielding extraordinarily large cocks.

"Are they all like that?" Mina asked softly.

Kana laughed. "Oh god, no. Those are monsters—you'll probably never find such a thing in real life. But seriously, you never saw a hard-on before? I can't believe it! My sheltered sister." Kana kissed Mina's lips and once again there was that inexplicably pleasant feeling. But she also noticed that she was damp between her legs and embarrassed, hoping Kana couldn't tell.

Just then they heard the loud putt-putting of the tuned exhaust system of Akira's car revving in the driveway. "Quick!" Mina yelled, and Kana scooped up the DVDs and magazine, slipping them back into the envelope and back into under the sweatshirts in the bottom drawer.

"Leave the light on, leave the light on," Kana said in a whispered cry as they heard the front door open, "He'll never remember he turned it off." Mina gave the bed-spread a quick tug to hide the wrinkles and then noticed a last DVD on floor which must have slid off the bed. With no time to get it back in the drawer, she slipped the disc into the back of her jeans just as Akira was climbing the stairs. Kana was in her room, sitting on the bed, laughing uncontrollably.

"You're home early," Mina said flatly. "What happened to your date?"

"Mind your own business," he barked back. "Becky's coming over and I don't want you telling Mom or Dad, hear me? Just because you're back for a weekend doesn't mean I have to rearrange my life."

"Don't worry," Mina replied, backing into her room so the disc wouldn't be seen, "You'll have your privacy." She shut the door and turned to Kana, bulging out her eyes and bursting into laughter as she fell on the bed besides her. "You missed one! This was on the floor! He'd have surely known...Oh my god, that was awful!"

The girls laughed and then Kana picked up the disc: Sapphic Explosion 8: Asian Edition. "At least it's a good one. Wanna watch it?"

Mina hadn't seen the title and asked naively, "Will there be large dicks?"

Kana laughed. "Not in this one, Mina. It's all girls, silly," she said tossing the cover back across the bed.

"All girls? Really? Why would he have something like this? Gay women?" She studied the cover, decorated with pretty petite Asian women who looked much like her roommate or herself.

"You'd be surprised at the things boys like," Kana said. They heard a car door slam and Kana jumped up, turned out the light and went to the window. "Who is it?" she asked. Mina looked out the window and saw a busty blonde come up the walk and disappear under the porch roof.

"I don't know," she said, "but she's not Asian. Our father would be annoyed." The doorbell rang and they heard Akira bounce down the stairs to the front door.

"Quick," Kana said, grabbing her jacket, "Let's go. Tell him we're going out for a while."

"What? Where?" Mina yelped, animated by her friend's excitement and collecting her own jacket.

"Just follow me. Tell him we'll be back in a few hours."

The girls went down the stairs and saw Akira kissing the blonde in the foyer. Mina coughed discretely to attract their attention and then said the line Kana had given her. Kana eyed the girl contemptuously as Akira led her by the hand to the stairs. "Don't let the door hit you in the ass, sis," he said, eliciting a giggle from the blonde as they disappeared up the stairs.

Mina opened the front door but Kana eased her aside and shut it again, with some force. "Okay, now," she whispered, holding her index finger before he lips and indicating for Mina to go back to her room. They crept quickly and quietly up the stairs and closed the door, laughing silently in the dark. Kana slipped off her jacket and started to get undressed and indicated for Mina to do the same. When they were down to their bras and panties, Mina asked, "Now what?"

"Now we listen," Kana said, with a smile. "I bet we'll hear them fucking soon." They heard music coming from the boy's room and could make out voices but not what was being said. Mina got on her hands and knees and put her ear to the wall between the rooms. Kana looked at her tight little butt in the air and involuntarily licked her lips before kneeling next to her. She draped one arm across Mina's lower back and wondered what it would be like to have sex with her.

"Listen to this!" Mina hissed, "He's asking her to suck him."

Kana put her ear to the wall as well. That's it, baby, suck it good. You make me so hard She felt the moisture forming between her legs, and glanced at Mina who was lost in rapt attention.

"I wish I could see her sucking him," Kana said softly. "I can't believe you've never seen his cock. This is making me wet."

Mina gulped and whispered, "Me too." You like that, don't you, bitch. Like me fingering you while you suck my huge dick. Come here and sit on my face. Mina gasped. "He's going to lick her pussy," she hissed.

Nice, baby. I'm glad you shaved for me. "I wish someone would lick my cunt," Kana said. "I'm really getting wet."

Mina merely whispered again, "Me too." She turned and looked at her friend. "What do you think that means? 'Shaved for him'. Shaved her legs?" 

Kana giggled at Mina's innocence. "She shaved her pussy, silly. Don't you?"

"I never have," she replied. "Do you do it?"

Kana sat back and spread her legs. The fabric of her panties was damp when she pulled it aside to let Mina gaze upon her hairless pussy. Mina swallowed hard, her eyes locked on Kana's pussy, the labia puffy and glazed with oozing juice. She reached her hand out towards her friend and then stopped and looked into her eyes. "Can I touch it?" she asked.

"God, yes, someone better touch me," Kana said. "But I want to touch yours too."

Mina leaned forward and ran her fingers lightly over the slick flesh between Kana's legs; she touched all around the perimeter and wished she could peel off Kana's panties altogether. "You're so wet," Mina said with some disbelief; without asking for further permission, she inserted her finger between Kana's labia and touched her clit. Kana moaned and sighed. She looked into Mina's eyes and said, "I want you," as she leaned forward to kiss her. She slipped her tongue into Mina's mouth who responded with enthusiasm. Mina's finger was still rubbing her clit as she reached around and unhooked the clasps on her bra, letting it fall between them. She massaged Mina's nipples: hard and begging to be sucked.

"Let me see you," Kana said, and Mina stood up and removed her panties. Little droplets of moisture glistened on the stiff, black pubic hairs which covered her mound. All her modesty and reticence melted away in lust. Kana removed her bra and panties and stood to take Mina in her arms. Their breasts pushed together as their tongues once again found each other. Mina was surprised when Kana thrust her fingers into her dripping quim, but accepted her gratefully. No one had ever touched her there before and she was so excited. This was much better than any time she'd ever masturbated. She began lightly thrusting her hips against Kana's hand, hoping she'd push her fingers even deeper.

Kana kissed her neck and shoulders before allowing her tongue to dance across Mina's nipples. It wasn't possible for them to be stiffer and Kana began to suck hard on one, pinching the other between the fingers of her free hand even as she kept the others churning in Mina's pussy. "Oh, god," Mina gasped, "Oh. My. God."

Kana turned her slightly and pushed her down onto the bed, leaving her legs dangling over the end. She brought the fingers dripping with Mina's juice to her mouth and slowly licked them all around, like she might an ice-cream cone, before inserting them into her mouth. Mina gasped as she watched, and began stroking her clit.

"Tasty," Kana said. "I knew you would be." She wasted no time falling to her knees and lowering her face to Mina's dripping cunt. She pushed away Mina's fingers roughly and sucked her clit between her lips causing Mina to moan loudly. "Shush!" Kana said before diving back to attack her cunt and Mina bit down on her hand to stifle herself. She was writhing beneath Kana who reached a hand up to stroke and pinch her nipple; she was close to orgasm now. She felt it building and was afraid that she wouldn't be able to control her moans and whimpers. She wanted to cry out. 

Kana could sense it too. She locked her lips around Mina's clit and slipped two fingers into her gaping cunt. That was just what was needed to send her over the edge: Mina began bucking her hips off the bed, twisting and turning her body, thrashing on the bed. Beads of sweat had formed on her brow; her hair was moist and tousled. It was the most intense orgasm of her life.

Kana felt as though she was on fire. She too was sweating and the carpet under where she'd knelt was damp with the juice that had dripped from her cunt. Mina's juice coated her face. She climbed up on the bed, straddling the other girl and kissed her roughly, fairly wiping her face on Mina's lips while grinding their pussies together. They didn't talk, merely looked into each other's eyes and Mina nodded. Kana slid her body up and lowered her cunt to her friend's face, thrilled at the feel of her tongue gently, tentatively probing her hole. Although she was in a near frenzy to come, she realised Mina would need to be nurtured, her inexperience with any sex meant she couldn't be rushed.

But as she had been all her life, Mina proved to be a quick study. Her hands went to Kana's ass, kneading the soft flesh and encouraging her to thrust harder against her mouth. She loved the feeling and taste of Kana's cunt against her face, and revelled in the little gasps she could cause when her tongue glanced across her hard clit. And when she touched Kana's asshole with her fingertips and the girl ground her pussy down on her mouth, she knew she'd found a clue to making her orgasm. Mina pushed up on her ass cheeks and licked around the opening of her ass, causing Kana to moan louder and rock her hips faster and faster.

Indeed, Kana was coming, hard. With Mina's tongue laving her ass, her clit throbbed, sending jolts of electricity through her womb. The spasm wracked her body and she felt a gush of fluid escape her pussy, drenching Mina's face as she collapsed in a heaving heap.

"Wow," Kana panted, "you're a real natural. I can't believe this is the first time you've ever had sex with a girl."

Mina slid up next to her. "It's the first time I've ever had sex with anyone," she purred. "I'd always been too shy, too afraid of getting pregnant...too everything." She cuddled with Kana. "So I guess this means I'm a lesbian, huh?"

"It means you're horny, Mina—plain and simple," she laughed. "But it's good to know you don't need a stupid boy to have fun, isn't it? That's what I like most about girly sex. Boys can be such jerks, though I have to admit there's nothing like getting fucked with a nice hard cock." 

"Well I'm just happy if I don't have to deal with that at all. At least not for a while." She kissed Kana. "But I hope we can do this again." Then they heard some moaning and yelps from the room next door. Both had completely forgotten about Akira and his girlfriend. "Stupid boys," Mina said, causing them to giggle. 
