 Her lipstick was orange, perfectly spread across her lips, making them look smooth, soft, and full. Something I haven't ever seen on a woman so beautiful before unless she was in a magazine. Dark hair with a little wave to it falling over her shoulders and tan legs that were long with curves that were perfectly fitting to the rest of her body.

I knew I was being a creeper as I sat there and imagined my hands sliding up and down her hour glass figure. I could see a glimpse of the top of her breasts from her low cut yellow V-neck shirt which made my knees weak just looking at them. She looked, as odd as it sounds; like a sexy, yellow-orange sunshine goddess.

I thought it was a very bold look and with her confidence to be so bright was so appealing and luring, that I wanted to be by her. I wanted to kiss her sweet orange lips. I want my breasts to touch hers as I run my hands down her smooth curves, maybe get my hand tangled in some of that gorgeous hair. 

Coming back to reality, I looked into her face; she was looking at me and smiling. She had seen me staring at her and could probably read the desire I had all over my face just from looking at her. I managed a small smile back at her and then looked down at my hands in my lap. I wasn't normally shy, but this girl was different. I could feel my face growing red as I glanced back up to see if she was still looking at me.

To my Surprise, she wasn't just looking at me; she had gotten up and was walking over to me. I suddenly sat straight up, sticking my chest out as far as I could to make my breasts look; I don't know, more appealing?

I glanced down at my drink on the bar quickly to see if I could behave nonchalantly. Empty, of course I couldn't. So, not looking back at her, I raised my hand to the bartender for another. My sunshine surprise sat down next to me as the bartender came over to collect my empty glass. I stopped breathing.

"I saw you looking at me. Do you like what you see?" She said in a soft tone.

I smiled, starting to regain some of my confidence. I think I'm sexy; I have a curvy body, big ass, and big breasts. I'm short, but what I lack in peacocking, I make up for in my sass and skills. 

"Turns out I am really drawn to you and how well you pull off all these bright colors. Especially your choice in lipstick." I said as charming as I could without choking on my words. 

She smiled at me and put her finger to her lips and tapped them. "It's my favorite color, and seems to attract the right kind of attention."

Oh my, she's talking about me right? My heart skipped a beat and I started to breathe again. Smiling and I'm sure turning red, "I'm Shai." 

"Mandi." She said smiling while putting her hand out to shake mine. 

I took her hand in mine and felt a charge go through my body causing me to shift in my seat. I wanted this woman, so not letting go of her hand, I instead lifted it to my lips and kissed it sweetly. It was her turn to look shy. She covered her orange lips to hide her giggle and smile, and this pleased me. The idea of matching her confidence of being bold and forward is exciting to me. 

Lowering my hand with hers, she placed it on her knee and leaned into to me, placing her cheek near mine and whispered in my ear.

"I am not going to lie; I have been watching you since you came in. Would you like to go to my place where it is quiet?" 

Hallelujah, I think I'm in love! Questions raced through my head; do I need to get to know her? Is she a serial killer? Does this woman want a relationship? Does this invite mean to get naked or is this for coffee and I'm reading this wrong?

"Uh?" Was all the smooth response I could think of. I giggled as I leaned back to look at her expression. I needed to see if she was serious. Her expression was very seductive, her eyes were looking straight into mine and she had a sly cool smile on her face. 

Without even thinking about it, I leaned in and kissed her plump colorful lips. They were as smooth as I expected. Her lips parted a little and I matched her actions with my own. My tongue gliding across hers, she tasted so sweet, and her movements were soft and gentle. I imagine at this point my lips were orange as well and the idea is thrilling. Her hand is now placed to the back of my head holding it close and tight.

My heart was pounding so loud that I am sure she could hear it over the bass in the music that was playing. She loosened her grip on me and I leaned back again, opening my eyes slowly as if afraid this was all too good to be true. Looking at her now, she had a smug look on her face, sparkle in her eye like the movie cliché. I wanted to keep kissing her but this clearly was not the place anymore because two chicks at the bar seem to draw a lot of attention. 

I looked around us and noticed the bartender had stopped working and was just standing there holding what I assume was my refill, and there was all the sudden two men beside us. One had no problem showing us that he was watching us with his straw hanging out of his smiling face hole and the buddy sitting next to him who had his back to us but had his phone raised taking pictures over his shoulder. 

"I think you were right, we should get out of here." I said without any concern for my previous questions gesturing to the crowd around us. 

That's when she looked around us, seeing everything that I had just seen, she smiled at them all, "Have a great night boys. I know we will." She blew them a kiss and threw a fifty down on the bar. She winked at the bartender and grabbed my hand to lead me off of my stool and away from the bar. 

I was impressed that my knees didn't give out on me with how weak she had made me feel. I started breathing deep and hard as the excitement built up inside me. I started thinking about what was to come as she held my hand and was leading me out of the bar to coat check. We stopped in front of the counter and standing behind it was a young man just playing on his phone, clearly bored with his night. He didn't even look up when Mandi threw down her ticket. I started to get frustrated waiting for him to pay attention. 

She made a noise in her throat, "I am in a hurry here, our heels are cooling because of you sir." She said to the man. I thought it was sexy as hell and looked her giggling.

He looked up at us from his phone and as he did, she had dropped my hand down to my side and placed her hand on my ass. I put my arm around her and drew her closer to me and kissed her hard. I heard his phone drop to the floor when she placed her other hand on my chest. 

I decided I didn't want to wait, the excitement at this point had built to high and I couldn't imagine the unbearable car ride to wherever it is she is living. I parted from her mouth and gently pushed her up against the door to the coat room next to the counter. The man was now leaning completely over the counter out of the room watching us.

Pinned up against the door, I took both her hands in mine and raised them above her head and held them there with one hand against the door. She let out a moan as I started kissing her neck. I ran my tongue up and down lightly across her chest. She lifted her foot and placed it on the door behind her. Making her legs spread apart a little and causing her skirt to rise a little. 

Knowing exactly what she was hinting at as I felt her push her pelvis off the door closer to mine. I took my other hand off the door and placed it between her legs. No panties, what a bad girl she is. I could feel how wet she is as I rubbed her clit. She started to moan louder and these moans sent waves through my body. My pussy started pulsing as the excitement from pleasing her was growing. 

I started nibbling on her neck, I let go of her hands and she dropped them placing them on my chest. I heard a rip; she had torn my dress to expose my breasts. I didn't care and continued kissing her as I rubbed her clit. Patience running out, I slid my fingers inside her wet pussy. She was so tight, and her moans got so breathy that it sent shudders through my body. 

She removed her hand from my chest and pushed me back a little to look at me. 

"You are so beautiful and you feel so good, don't stop." She said, her eyes piercing into mine.

I put all my focus on my fingers and started making faster circle motions, pushing and pulling them in and out, fast and faster. She threw her head back and screamed. I started to use my thumb to rub her clit as my fingers made their circles. Her head came back forward and she grabbed the back of my head by the hair and pulled in a gentle way. 

Pulling my head went back as her head came down to my chest. With her other hand, she folded my strapless bra down and started licking my nipple. Teasing it and making it hard. The sensation was amazing. I looked down to watch her as she played with my nipple, moaning around it as she was still enjoying my fingers. She placed her beautiful orange lips completely around my nipple and sucked on it. 

"Oh my god, that is so sexy." I gasped looking at the colorful ring it was leaving around my nipple.

She let go of my breast and pushed me away. Causing my fingers to fall out of her pussy, stunned, I just stood there. She took her foot off the door and turned me around so that I was now pinned up against the door. Her eyes were burning into mine with a desired mission as she peeled off her shirt and got down on her knees in front of me.

I looked down at her perfectly round breasts with dark small hard nipples exposed as she lifted my skirt up. She grabbed one of my legs and motioned for me to lift it a little by placing it slightly on her shoulder. She ran her hand up the outside of my leg until her hand reached my ass. She looked up at me and licked her lips. 

I placed my hand on her head and did exactly what I had dreamed to do earlier. I grabbed a handful of hair and guided her face to my pussy. Her free hand came up and immediately slid them inside me at the same time her tongue touched my clit. 

I threw my head back and closed my eyes to let the sensation take over. Her tongue was warm, wet, and moving fast while her fingers were sliding in and out slowly. It was my turn to moan loudly and I wasn't holding any excitement back at this point. I started moving my pelvis in circles as she squeezed my ass and then smacked it lightly. 

"Oh yeah! Mmm. Yes!" I basically screamed at her. 

I heard a thud and opened my eyes to see the man from the coat closet on the floor. He had fallen off the counter and was now on the floor next to us. Not surprising but his pants where down and his penis out and hard, he had been enjoying the show. The idea of him watching us excited me further. I winked at him when he lifted his face to see I was looking at him, a smile grew across his face as I got louder. She had realized I had gotten slightly distracted and put her mouth completely over my clit and sucked on it. 

She didn't even pause when the man hit the floor, but I am assuming she was just that much more so turned on by him watching as I was because she suddenly got more aggressive with her fingers. They started going faster and faster and her tongue was now sliding in and out of my pussy. My body was starting to twitch and I closed my eyes again. She slapped my ass and I let out another loud moan. 

My toes were starting to curl and my knees were wiggling. I was losing my strength. She seemed to sense this and keeping her fingers inside me, she moved her head back to look up at me.

"You like that baby?" Are you going to cum all over this tongue beautiful?" She asked in the "as a matter of fact tone". 

"Yes! Yes please." I said in a whisper. 

The orange was almost gone from her lips and pink was starting to show through. She smiled and put her head back between my legs. Her tongue slid back inside me and started moving like it was vibrating. It didn't take much of that before I felt it in my toes.

"Oh! Fuck! Oh my God. I'm Cumming! I'm Cumming!" I screamed. 

She moaned inside me and I could feel the vibrations inside me. Waves of pleasure started in my toes running to my head causing it to fog over. My body started to shake all over as my knees were giving way. She removed her tongue and moaned loudly throwing her back.

"Oh yes! Oh yeah!" She screamed.

I didn't realize it but she was playing with her pussy again while eating me out. I watched her get herself off as I regained my strength. Her expressions were so full of passion and lust. She bit her bottom; now pink, lip. 

Another surge of excitement went through my body. I shifted so that she was no longer inside me as I got down close to her on the ground. I pushed her gently backwards, lifting her skirt up completely to expose her belly button. Her breasts had been exposed, her hands flew to each of her breast and she started playing with her nipples. I leaned down and put my face between her legs.

My tongue rolled over her clit in a teasing way. I wanted to make her body shake the way mine had. I put my mouth over her clit and sucked on it. She moaned as I slid my fingers inside her pussy. She was dripping wet; I pulled my fingers out and lifted my face to look at her. She lifted her head to see why I had paused and I licked my fingers and smiled at her. 

"You taste amazing." I said teasing her.

She smiled and placed her hand on the back on my head shoving it hard to bury my face in her pussy. I slid my tongue inside of her and started making circles. Her hips started moving up and down and I felt her ass tighten as she kept trying to lift it off the ground. Telling me she wanted more, she wanted it harder. I shoved my face deeper into her legs wanting to get my tongue in her as far as I could! 

"Mmm yes, yes, yes. Faster!" I heard her plead.

I moved my tongue so fast I was worried it would ruin my rhythm. That's when I felt it, a pause in her body movements and then a shudder. Her pussy started pulsing around my tongue and the taste of sticking hot cum hit my mouth. My hands dug into her legs as I was determined not to move. I wanted to keep her to cumming as long as I could.

She started to twitch and she let go of the back of my head and I brought it up licking my lips. 

"That was amazing." She said through her bit lip, which no longer had any orange on it. I bet it was all over my pussy. 

"Yeah it was! Damn ladies." We hear the young man from the counter say. 

He hadn't moved from the floor since he fell. We both looked at the man who was sitting next to us. His pants down, his cock was hard but he wasn't touching it. Looking around him, I noticed his cum all over himself and the floor in front of him. 

Smiling at us, "I need a minute before I get your coats."