 I've been friends with Missy for years. We met at work, the local movie theatre where neither of us works anymore. At the time we both had boyfriends. That is no longer the case. A few weeks ago Missy and I were drinking heavy at a party. It was a group of our closest friends gathered at Missy's house. We were sharing a giant bowl of lifesavers. When Missy took the last one I punched her in the shoulder because it was red, my favorite. Grinning fiendishly she leaned toward me and stuck out her tongue. 

"You want it? Come and get it." she said laughing.

When I leaned forward I fully intended to just take the candy out of her mouth with my tongue. I was so surprised when she started kissing me that it actually took me a minute to realize that I was kissing her back. It was strange. I had never kissed a girl before, never thought too deeply about it and yet here I was making out with my best friend. Her mouth was hot and sweet and she was a better kisser than any guy I had ever kissed. Her lips were soft and her tongue plunged into my mouth, not down my throat the way so many guys tend to kiss. Kissing her was like....well I can't really explain it. It was amazing. I could have stayed there kissing her forever except that someone came in and interrupted us. Of course, we chalked it up to drunken stupidity, especially being everyone was teasing us about it. 

I treated it as casually as she when really I wanted to do it again. I wanted to do a lot more than kiss her. I wanted to touch her everywhere and taste her whole body. It wasn't too much longer before I got my chance. 

When Missy lost her job she showed up on my doorstep with a bottle of vodka. It wasn't too long before we were laughing drunkenly on the couch. Her hand wandered to my thigh and I smile dreamily into her eyes. God, I just wanted to fuck her. 

Missy surprised me by standing up and smiling down at me. "I love this song." she sighed swaying along to the music on the radio. I hadn't even realized the radio was on. I watched as Missy moved along to the music and realized suddenly that she was taking off her clothes. I felt my pulse kick into over drive as Missy unbuttoned her shirt slowly. She parted the material revealing her lacy black bra. Her skin was creamy, the tops of her breasts soft above the cups of the bra. She tossed the shirt to the side and went to work on taking off her skirt. The silky material slid down her long legs to land in a pool at her feet. She stepped out of it and kicked it to the side. She wore no underwear, just a grater belt that held up her thigh high stockings. She was tall and slim and all I could think about was getting my hands on her. She slowly slipped her bra off, letting her beautiful breasts bounce free. Then with a giggle she turned away and walked into my bedroom. 

I wasted no time. I stripped off my clothes and headed after her. I felt moisture gather between my legs when I saw her luscious body stretched out on my bed. I stood next to the bed and looked down at her taking in the view. She looked up at me and I could feel her eyes raking over my body. I'm a little taller than Missy. My hips a re a little bit more narrow and my breasts small but firm. 

"Lisa, I'm so wet." she whispered to me.

I felt the smooth skin of her flat stomach under my hand as I reached for her. I slid my hand down her body, through the curling thatch of pubic hair and over the very hot, very wet lips of her pussy. She sighed and I shivered as I slipped my finger between the lips and over her clit. I rubbed her clit for a minute, very lightly, just teasing really. I enjoyed feeling how wet she was. My finger just slid along her hot skin and I could feel her body quiver. I lay down next to her and lowered my mouth to hers. Her tongue dived into my mouth and we kissed passionately as I slipped first one finger and then two into her hot slit. She let out a soft moan as I began pumping my fingers in and out of her pussy. She was unbelievably wet, her juice ran down my fingers. 

I squeezed and pinched one nipple while I licked the other with the tip of my tongue. I took her nipple into my mouth and sucked hard while I rubbed my tongue back and forth making her moan. I kept finger fucking her while I sucked and licked her tits. Her hips started bucking back and forth fucking my hand and I could feel her pussy clenching around my fingers. I knew she was close to coming. She was breathing hard making her tits jiggle.

I pulled my finger out and just smiled at her moan of protest. Sliding down her body I parted her pussy lips with one hand and licked her clit lightly. I kept licking her softly with the tip of my tongue until she started to thrust her hips up toward my face to increase the pressure. 

I shoved two fingers into her pussy and began finger fucking her while I licked her clit. I pushed my tongue against her clit and sucked hard back and forth along the length of it. Then I pressed the tip of my tongue against her and rolled it over her clit. She was moaning and bucking her hips like crazy I felt like I never wanted to stop. 

I loved tasting her hot pussy. My hand and face were soaked with her pussy juice and I could feel more running out of her. I started to alternate pressure with my tongue and finger. Hard with my finger, soft with my tongue. Fast with my tongue, slow with my finger. It felt so good to do to someone else all of the things that I had enjoyed having done to me. 

Finally her pussy clenched down hard on my fingers. Again and again as she cried out, yelling my name and writhing over the bed. After a few minutes her convulsions passed and I rose up on the bed to kiss her. 

Missy and I have shared many steamy nights like this one. We no longer need alcohol to acknowledge our attraction to each other. Every time I touch her hot body or feel her hands and mouth on mine I know that we were meant to be more than just friends.