 I sat at the table in the far corner of the coffee shop, keeping an eye on everyone that came in the door. Time seemed like an eternity, the steady tick tick tock providing rhythm, to my eager impatience for her to arrive.

Sipping on my coffee, the warm liquid blanketing my throat and warming up my belly, my thoughts drifted off to what could be in store...

Our late night conversation always ended up in the same place. We shared the same taboo fantasy, which still remained unfulfilled for the both of us. A passionate one-on-one fling, of unexplored territory.

My thoughts interrupted as she sat herself across from me. I was so carried off with my thoughts; I didn't even see her come in. She was beautiful, in the most real sense, bright eyes and full smile enveloping me.

"Hi", I managed to get out, a little taken aback by her presence. She was better than any expectation I may have unknowingly set for her, no surprises of lack of shape, extra limbs, or other disfigurements... she was perfect. No unrealistic super-model-ness appeal, but just gorgeous girl, as real as could be sitting in front of me.

We chitchatted aimlessly over our coffee, catching up on each other's lives, the conversation starting to slow down as our interests on the subject dawdled. I suggested going to someplace cozier, and we got our stuff together, called a cab and sat outside to wait.

The air was a bit chilly, as the season turned, the crisp scraping of yellowed leaves dancing on the pavement around us. I lit a cigarette, and turned my body slightly, my knee resting to a stop against hers. Taking note that she didn't tense up or move away, but continued talking easily, as though nothing could be wrong, I leaned into her a little more, savoring the heat growing between us. 

Our cab pulled up and we settled in the back, leaving no space between us. I directed the driver to a little out of the place lounge I knew of... a perfect spot for tonight with its dim lights, mellow trax, and tasty potions.

We paid the driver, and entered the lounge, settling ourselves into the dim-lit corner, the melodic trance music warming our bones. Once our drinks arrived, our conversation turned more intimate. I leaned back in the booth, bringing my feet up to rest beside her thigh. We talked of common interests, which eventually led to our interests in the bedroom, and by listening to her account of what made her hot, brought a prickling heat up my inner thighs. I don't know if it was the drinks, or the topic, but you could tell it was getting to her too... her hands became fidgety, playing with the straw in her glass. I saw this as a make or break, and knew I would have to make the first move. 

I slid my toes up along her thigh, caressing her curves ever so slightly. She responded, just as I hoped her too, and brought her hand atop my foot, her soft hands gently stroking my skin. We played this way for a bit, innocently, our conversation not hesitating for a second. Then I sat up, placing my hand on her inner thigh, and said "I have to go the girly room, come with". 

We found our way to the washrooms, me in the lead, and when the door closed behind us, I pulled her into a stall, locking the door. Feeling courageous now, I pushed her up against the wall, and gently but firmly, laying my hand upon her face, pulled her lips to mine.

She tasted sweetly, of a berry gloss unknown, as I brushed my lips across hers, kissing her softly. She responded eagerly, her lips working against mine, tugging at my lip, and pulling me in for a deeper kiss. Her tongue searching for mine, then upon finding it, stroking mine with its tip. Our kisses turned more passionate, and I could feel myself getting wet. 

I pulled back slightly, still keeping her pressed. My fingers find the edge of her low-cut top and pull it down, just enough to reveal milky skin, and the hint of areola. Pull it down a bit more, and release her nipple, which is hard and taut by now. 

I bring my mouth down upon its bud, surrounding it in my warm, wet mouth. A low moan escapes her lips, as I circle it with my tongue, and gently nip it with my teeth. With my hands now upon her breast, grabbing it by the handful, and feeding it into my mouth. I kiss her up her breast, along her collarbone, and up her neck, resting at her earlobe, and taking it into my mouth. I suckle softly, my warm breath in her ear. I can feel her melting in my arms like putty, and she holds onto me for support. 

Her hands are moving on my hips, up to the sides of my breast, and then back down again to my ass. I kiss her again, more frantically this time, bringing my hand between her legs, and stroking her V. Our breaths quicken, and she leans into my strokes, while her jeans are becoming something of a nuisance, so I reach to unbutton them. I look up to her to make sure its okay, but her head is leaned back, her eyes closed, and I can tell she wants nothing else. 

Unbuttoned now, I pull her zipper down slowly and bring her jeans over her hips, and down her legs, till they rest on the floor. She steps out of them, and looks like she's not sure what to do next so I grab her leg under the thigh and lift her foot onto the porcelain lid. My hands under her shirt now, tweaking her nipples, caressing her breasts, I move down, running my hands along the length of her sides, over her hips, and bring my one hand to her puss. I stroke her folds, which part easily, revealing the wetness within. My finger slides slickly up her entire length, resting at her gem, to circle it gently, and then back down again till I feel her hole, my finger dipping just slightly.

I kiss her again with as much passion as I can muster, and say, "I want to taste you, is that okay?"

She nods in agreement, too turned on by the idea to say no. I kneel down before her... one hand pressed against her hip, the other parting her folds, to bring her beautiful pink gem to view. The tip of my tongue finds her nub, and strokes it up and down, encircling it, sliding down her folds till I reach her hole, to dip my tongue in. She tastes like sex & honey, better than anything I've ever tasted before, and I lick my lips satisfyingly. Wrapping my lips around her gem, I suck it gently, massaging it with my tongue, and I can tell its driving her crazy, as she's beginning to grind against my mouth. 

One hand on her ass, pulling her into me, the other hand's fingers slipping up inside her... stroking her g-spot, while my tongue works on her gem. She's getting quite slippery now, my fingers fucking her with ease, and looking up at her, I see her hands grabbing at her breasts, pinching at her nipples, her mouth open to let her moans escape. 

Not caring who might be listening, I give her my all, my tongue and fingers going to a rhythm I know will make her come, and soon after they do, her wetness pouring down my chin, down my fingers and onto my wrist. I feel her shudder, in that good after-orgasmic way, and I slide up her slowly, a smile on my lips. 

"Did you like that?" I ask, and she nods contentedly. "More than you know," she replies.

"Well then we'll have to do that again sometime," I say, "There's so much more left to be explored."

"I can hardly wait," she tells me, and we straighten ourselves up and head back to our table.

We spend the rest of our evening sipping on our drinks, playfully touching each other, and enjoying flirty conversation. When the night is coming to an end, I know we must get home, to our families, and our lovers. But neither of us can wait till we can rendezvous again, and on the cab ride home, we make plans to meet again soon. Both of us knowing that our casual flings, will give us something to be excited about, impatient to play it out again, in so many different ways...