 This is dedicated to Bella. My Muse visited me last night.

There were only two of us left. Tracy and I were relaxing in her room after everyone else went home for the night. It was the Saturday before everyone left to go to college and Tracy had thrown a wild party at her house. Twenty girls, all giggles and laughter, descended on the house, had fun, made a mess and then went home, leaving the disaster to be cleaned up by us. But that would wait for tomorrow. One of the girls, Sammi, told us of this website where we could see pics of cute guys unclothed and it didn't cost a dime. So, after everyone left, Tracy and I went to her room and she created an account on the site. It took a few tries to come up with a good screen name but 'college bound' worked and we were off and running.

I was sitting on Tracy's bed while she was at the computer. Looking over her shoulder, Sammi was right. It was easy to find pictures of guys. But, to tell the truth, none of them were doing anything for me. Oh, I would coo and giggle and make all of the right noises but my eyes kept drifting down. At the angle in which I was sitting, I could see most of Tracy's left breast and it was driving me crazy. Every time she shifted in her seat, another little bit was exposed and it was arousing me more than any picture of some dude could. Tracy didn't know it but I had had a crush on her for a long time. She was too cute, with her short blond hair, big firm breasts and outgoing personality. I'd known her for years, considering her closer to me than my actual sister. Tracy and I even combined our 18th birthday parties since we were born only a few weeks apart. We were always hanging out at each others houses. One of our friends would joke that we were lovers and I would blush furiously as Tracy would grab me saying "Oh yes! I can't keep my hands off this beautiful creature." Then everyone would laugh as I blushed even more. It never failed to embarrass me because, secretly, I wanted it so much to be true. Tonight was the last night, though. Tracy would be leaving to go to a big Ivy League school and I would be off to State. The thought depressed me. I had one last chance to tell her how I felt for these four years. There were butterflies in my stomach as I cleared my throat. 

"Um, Tracy. There's...uh...something that I have to tell you." Maybe it was the tone of my voice or the way I said it because she stopped looking at the picture of this well hung guy and turned around to face me.

"Yeah? What is it Belly?" She teased me with my pet name. I guess to lighten the mood. Fear rushed into me and my mouth suddenly went dry. There were so many things that I wanted to say, but none of the words came out. Instead, I did what was probably the worst thing that I could do. I suddenly leaned over and kissed her hard on the mouth. A pregnant pause occurred as I leaned back. Tracy's eyes were wide with shock and I felt tears building up in my own. 

I buried my face in my hands and started crying, saying over and over "I'm so sorry! Don't be mad. Please don't be mad." I heard her get up off of her chair and fully expected to be kicked out. Instead, Tracy put her arms around me and pulled me close.

"I am mad. Mad that you didn't tell me how you felt sooner. You know you could have told me anything, Belle." I was still crying in her arms. Years of pent up frustration and fear poured out of me as she laid me down with my head on her lap. She was smoothing my hair and holding me in her arms. Tracy then leaned over and kissed me lightly on the lips. I don't think it really registered to me what she did but then she started to kiss my tears away. Her lips touched both my eyes and I stopped crying at that point. I opened them to see her beautiful, angelic face smiling down at me. The light behind her flowed through her blond hair making her look like she had a halo. "Why did you wait so long, Belle?" she asked quietly, her voice a soothing whisper.

"I didn't want to lose you. I was so afraid that you would be angry at me and kick me out that I waited till the last minute." She was holding my head on her lap and I could smell her arousal through her pajama bottoms. Tracy wasn't wearing a bra and her large nipples were poking through her top. They were so close to me. I reached a tentative hand up and lightly caressed her breast, feeling the softness with my fingers.

She giggled and said "Well, if you want to play with them..." Movin my hand away and, grasping the bottom of her shirt, Tracy removed the garment with one smooth motion. There they were. Her breasts in all of their glory. She took my head in her hand and guided my lips to her nipple. I suckled hungrily at her breast, feeling so safe in her arms. She stroked my face as I did this. Then her hand trailed lower, moving slowly down and reaching into my top. She started stroking my breast, gently teasing the tip with her fingers. After a few minutes of this, Tracy stopped her ministrations and I felt her start to stand up. She laid me on her bed, and put my hands at my side.

"Close your eyes, Belle. Just relax." I did, feeling the tension leaving my body. I felt her hands undoing the buttons on my shirt. She maneuvered my body and removed the shirt, dropping it on the floor. Tracy leaned in and started kissing me on my mouth. Then she moved lower. Trailing kisses down my neck, she put her hands on my breasts and gently started kneading them, pinching my nipples ever so slightly. Still, Tracy's lips went lower. She reached my navel and her tongue darted in and out, tickling me. An involuntary giggle escaped my lips. Her hands then moved from my breasts and lightly, her fingers traced over my naked skin until they reached the waistband of my bottoms. She paused for a second. "Should I continue?" Tracy asked. A moan was my only reply and I felt my shorts and panties being lowered and taken off of my body. My eyes were screwed shut in desire as I felt Tracy take my right leg, toned from years on the track team, in her hands. She started kissing and licking on my toes and the bottom of my foot. Her tongue bathed my foot in saliva, which sent shivers through my body. She then trailed her mouth over my ankle and down my calf, her fingers gently caressing and kneading the muscles in my legs. Lower and lower she went. Her saliva cooling on my leg which raised goose bumps where ever she had touched. Tracy finally got down to my pussy. I knew I was leaking juices and that she could see them running down the crack to my ass. I wanted her so badly that my hips bucked up trying to reach her mouth and a moan escaped my lips. Instead, she giggled again and then grabbed my left leg. Again, Tracy gave my leg the same treatment that she had given the right one. I was so turned on that my breaths were coming in short gasps and I could feel my heart pounding in my body.

Finally, I felt Tracy's lips touch my vagina. She lapped up my juices that had leaked out with her tongue. I felt her fingers spread my pussy lips apart and she started licking and nibbling my most tender area. A sigh and shudder escaped my body as I felt myself tense and release my juices all over her face. Her pace was quickening now. Her fingernails grazed my clit and again, I bucked and squirted my cum. Tracy fastened her lips onto my clit, whipping her tongue back and forth and ever so lightly biting down. The slight pain excited me even more and I felt myself cresting again. This was too much for me. I felt light headed and my consciousness left my body as I slipped off into blissful blackness.

I awoke with Tracy gently stroking my face. She was laying next to me, both of us now totally naked. I felt the delicious warmth radiating from her body as it pressed up against mine. She smiled down at me. "Welcome back. Was it good for you?" Her teasing smile shown down upon me and again, words failed me as I struggled with something to say. "I have to tell you something, too." she said as she continued to caress my face. "I didn't want to say anything to you because I didn't want to drive you away. I've felt the same way for you, Belle. It's been hell having you here, so close to me. You don't know how many times I almost jumped you and just had my way but I was afraid that you would leave me." Tears had started falling from her eyes as she said this and I saw the love I had for her reflected back at me. "Oh, and one more thing. I didn't want to tell you until I found out for sure but I did a transfer and was accepted to State so that I could be with you. Mom and Dad said that they would pay for an apartment. Do you want to be roomies?" I felt tears welling up in my eyes as I pulled her head down, kissing her on the lips. It was my way of saying yes.