 **Author's note thingy: This is a continuation from 'College-Day one'. It's highly recommended you read that before reading this. Characters are real, but actions are not. Names and ages have been altered. Enjoy.**





The ride to school with Violet was a silent one, and an embarrassing one on my part. I can't believe I'd cried in front of her. 

I sat facing the window, studiously ignoring her. Minus the fact that she had my hand securely entwined with hers. She'd dragged me out of my room by the hand, and had barely let it go since. I was too scared to pull away, but I figured I'd try to sooner or later.

When we pulled into the parking lot, I immediately snatched my hand from hers and bolted like a coward from her car, racing into the crowd of other students, thankfully disappearing. I was grateful for the space away from her, and away from Victoria. I needed some time to myself.

I entered the classroom as late as time would allow, seconds spared. Today's class wasn't quite so full, and there were plenty of open seats. I spotted Violet towards the back, her eyes boring into mine. I dropped my gaze and found Victoria's towards the front just like yesterday. 

I honestly wanted nothing to do with either of them, even though my heart soared when I saw those pretty green eyes watching me. I made my way to the middle of the classroom seats, sitting dead center. I knew Victoria couldn't see me from here, but also knew Violet had me dead in her sights. 

There came a part in the lecture that we were told to pair up.

My stomach dropped.

I could see Victoria making her way towards me, and a glance behind me proved right that Violet was on her way down. They reached me at the same time, and I shrank in my seat. 

"C'mon Ash, we need to get working like usual." Vi said, moving closer to me.

"Sorry, but she's going to work with me, since I'm new and all." Victoria intervened, placing her hand on my shoulder. There was a loud THWACK as Violet smacked Victoria's hand away from me.

"Don't you touch her!" She suddenly screamed out at the pretty red-head, who stood stunned for a moment. Everyone was looking at us. I wanted to die.

I jumped up from my seat and sprinted down the stairs into the corridor. I didn't stop running until I hit the top of the stairs that led to the roof. Gasping and wheezing, I collapsed onto the stairs, staring down at the hands that clutched my notebook. Droplets started to appear. It took me a moment to realize I was crying. 

Sniffling, I pulled out my phone and dialed the only person who could help me. 

"Kade?"

------------------------------------------------

It wasn't long before a frenzied and frantic Kade showed up at the bottom of the steps, bounding up them by three's to clutch me in his strong arms. I cried as he cradled me to his chest, murmuring that it would be alright, that I was okay. 

When I finally calmed down enough, I told him everything. 

I started with how Violet had come into my room and seen me half naked. It hadn't been the first time, but Kade understood what I meant about how this time was different. I went on to explain how she had forced herself on me and suddenly proclaimed her love for me, and how she then left to go see Victoria. I told him how it was Victoria that snuck back into my room. As upset as I was, I could feel the heat rising to my face as I explained how she and I had made love, and how the morning after went. I continued to give details on how Vi treated me after she saw the hickey on shoulder, and proceeded to show him the one she had left on me. He flinched at what he saw, which made me wonder just how bad of a bite she had left. I covered it up as I continued with the events that had sent me running from the room. 

"So what you're saying," Kade said slowly, appraising me, "is that these two women are...for lack of better words, fighting over you?"

I stared at him, letting that sink in. My brows began to furrow.

"I guess so.." I muttered, looking down at my hands again. "Kade I don't know what to do...I'm terrified of this new Violet and I don't know how to act around Victoria and now I can't even be in class any more.." 

He nodded sympathetically and picked me up in his arms again, hugging me tight. 

"We'll figure something out Ashy." He soothed me, setting me down and pecking me on the forehead. I sighed. 

-------------------------------------------------------------------

I didn't want to go back to class, so I wandered the halls after Kade had left me. Class wouldn't be over for another 2 hours, so I had time to kill before I had to see either woman again. I felt relieved and yet scared about that, too. 

How was I supposed to face either one of them now? I had run out and had left them to deal with the old man and everyone else. For all I knew, they had gotten sent out of class for disruption or fighting. Served them right.

As I continued roaming through the halls, I could hear voices ahead of me. I raised my gaze to see a girl I didn't know and an ex lover of Violet's walking down the hall towards me. 

The girl beside Darla, Vi's ex, looked up to meet my gaze. She was pretty, in a delicate flower kind of way. Darla followed the little mouse's gaze to meet mine. I swallowed. 

Darla had always despised me. I had "stolen" Violet from her and me and Vi first became friends. And since then she's been nearly stalking me, always showing up in the randomest places and watching me. She creeped me out, though she was a sight to behold. 

Compared to me, she looked a lot like a goddess. Nothing close to Victoria, or Vi for that matter, but in her own way. She was lean and muscular with jet black hair that was always pulled up into a tight ponytail, a lot like me, only she stood at a towering 5'10", dwarfing me. I'd once seen her pick up Violet effortlessly. I was honestly scared shitless of her.

And now she had seen me. 

The look in her near silver eyes told me exactly what I needed to know.

Fucking. Run. 

There was a hall to my left, and I immediately took it, sprinting down it and ducking into the first empty classroom I found. I dropped my things behind a few seats so they were hidden and so, if need be, I could run further without them hindering me. 

I tried to hear past the roar in my ears, holding my breath as much as my air-deprived lungs allowed.

I could hear soft footsteps, and strained my ears to hear more. 

"Oh Aaaaaasssshhh..." Came Darla's voice. Her voice was one of those voices that sound sickly sweet when there was hell to pay. I was so screwed. 

I edged towards the other door, praying she would take the open one and leave me with an escape. I could see a shadow creeping along the doorframe now, and who appears? Darla of course!

She spotted me across the room and gave me a wicked grin. She had teeth to kill. Literally. 

She was more athletic than I was, so I knew I only had seconds before she would be after me and I'd go down, hard. My only chance was to lose her in the maze of halls. 

She took a step into the classroom, and I bolted through the door behind me. I could hear the slap of her converse against the floor and pushed myself hard, adrenaline raging through me. 

Shit shit shit shit shit shit SHIT

I kept pumping my arms and legs, but I was losing the battle fast. I took every turn I could think of, trying desperately to lose her. She stayed less than 20 feet behind me at all times, letting out delighted peals of laughter every time I took a turn. She was having OH so much fun. 

I moved to turn down another hall when she decided the game was over.

Darla seemed to literally come out of nowhere, tackling me onto the hardwood floor and pinning me there with her weight. I was coughing and choking, having the breath knocked the hell out of me. She was slightly out of breath, too. But not nearly as bad, and she was still packed full of energy.

She was grinning from ear to ear like a cat who had just caught a canary. 

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Darla pulled me up by the arm roughly and gripped me by the shoulders, as if appraising me. I winced as her grip tightened. She smiled at me then. I could see I was in for a world of shit. 

"We're going to have so much fun, little Ash." She whispered in my ear before I was suddenly blindfolded and gagged. I started struggling, my protests muffled and barely audible. A punch to my gut silenced me instantly as I doubled over in pain, trying to catch my breath. 

"Payback's a bitch." Was the last thing I heard before my consciousness failed me. 

------------------------------------------------------- 

I awoke sometime later,having no idea how long I'd been out. From the pain aching in my stomach, I guessed not long. 

I opened my eyes to darkness and figured I was still blindfolded. A test from my mouth proved that I was no longer gagged, but I was a weird taste in my mouth. Now that I think about it, I'd probably puked when Darla punched me. Trying to sit up, I heard the soft clink of metal on metal. A tug from my arms brought the realization that I was handcuffed. 

"Looks like you're finally awake."

It was Darla. She sounded like she was beside me, and I tilted my head slightly in that direction. I couldn't see, but I could feel her heat beside me. 

Something touched the middle of my stomach and I flinched, the clanking of my cuffs following my spasms. Only then with a quick mental check did I understand.

Darla kidnapped me. She had stripped me, bound me, and blinded me. My god she was going to torture me to death. I'd seen this in movies. She was going to kill me.

"Darla, please--" I started, only to be slapped across the face, hard. Tears stung in my eyes and my breath came in ragged chops. 

"I didn't say you could speak, cunt." Her voice spit at me. I ground my teeth to fight from saying anything. "That's what I thought."

I felt a heat on my stomach before I felt her fingernails dragging down it slowly. I failed to suppress a shudder.

"So this is the body that stole Violet from me.." She murmured. I felt her hand brush up my arm and bit my lip in pain as she dug her fingers into the bite mark that Vi had given me. 

"Why don't we see what's so good about it."

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

I felt her weight on me now, and a heat hovering over my chest. It felt like she was straddling me. I could feel the smoothness of her skin against my own. She was naked? Oh god. She's naked. I knew what was coming next.

I felt heat hovering over my face followed by the musky yet somehow still fragrant scent of her aroused sex. 

"Eat me, fucking bitch." She growled before lowering her surprisingly soaked pussy to my lips. I was either going to drown or eat to save my life. Which would you have done?

I dipped my tongue into her wet sex, not minding the taste of her as much as I thought I would. She was letting out some pretty sweet moans as well as I dug my tongue deeper.

"That's right you slut, eat me like the whore you are!" She hissed at me, grinding her pussy into my mouth. I obliged, going after each drop of her cunt. 

As I switched from tonguing her slit to sucking her clit, I felt her hand between my pulled apart legs, burying two fingers into me. 

"Oh you like that don't you, huh bitch?" I had moaned as her fingers entered me, and she was now finger fucking me like no one had before. I moaned again against her clit. "Oh fuck, yesssss." 

Despite that I was being forced to eat out a woman who despised me, I wanted to get her off. I went after her clit harder than before, battering it with my tongue and grazing it with my teeth until she bucked like a madwoman and came all over my face. I could feel her honey running down my face and chin. She pulled her fingers out from me and I could hear her licking them clean. 

I thought for sure it was over now. I waited rather patiently for her to uncuff me. But then the seconds dragged on and slowly turned into minutes. 

I felt her over me again by the time I had counted to 300 in my head. This time she was crawling up my body in between my legs. I could feel her thighs against my own, and shuddered as something slick and rounded rubbed against my opening.

Without word or warning, Darla plunged what I was guessing to be a strapon deep into me. I cried out with a mixture of pain and pleasure, feeling her fill me completely. She paused a moment, amazingly, to let me get used to it. I was panting, drool running down my chin from the corner of my mouth. I felt her tongue on my skin as she licked it up before she was kissing me hard. It felt so personal, to be frenching a woman who had herself buried deep inside me. 

As her tongue worked around mine, she began thrusting into me slowly. Soon she picked up a steady rhythm, and I kept up with her, our hips moving together and grinding. It felt so surreal.

Before I knew it, a familiar tightness started building between my legs.

"D-Darla, oh! Ah! I-I'm gonna..!" I never got to finished my sentence as my orgasm took me. My back arched up off the bed as my moans turned into screams. Stars exploded behind my tightly shut lids as Darla kept pounding away inside me, only slowing and eventually stopping when my moans and screams turned into whimpers and pleas. 

She pulled the fake dick out of me slowly and kissed me on the lips again. The blindfold was removed and I blinked my eyes open slowly to see an apologetic looking Darla. 

"You okay..?" She whispered. I was shocked by the gentleness of her now that she had raped me and had taken my virginity, in a sense.

"Yes.." I managed to croak, not sounding very convincing, but I gave her a slight smile. 

Minutes later I was uncuffed and wrapped in Darla's arms. 

--------------------------------------------------------

I must've passed out, because when I awoke, I was in my own bed. I stared up at the familiar ceiling before rolling numbly onto my side. 

"Mom, I hate college.." I grumbled into my pillow before drifting off again into sleep

-------------------------------------------------------