 I had always fantasised about what it would be like to sleep with a woman. I had been thinking about this for a few months when finally, the opportunity arose. My boyfriend at the time had been visiting internet chat rooms when he happened to stumble across Sharon.

Sharon was married but her husband worked away a lot. He was happy for her to take lovers as long as they were female. By chance she started talking to my boyfriend at the time and he obtained her phone number and arranged for us to meet.

I had had a crazy day at work and was running late. There was no time to go home and get changed so I had to go on our date dressed in my pinstripe suit, stockings and high heels. Not the best thing to wear on a first date but at least I had clean panties to change into.

I walked into the pub and saw Sharon immediately. She was about 5 foot 3 with long brunette hair and the most gorgeous figure I had ever seen. She was wearing jeans and a skin tight top which her large breasts were straining to get out of.

We sat down for what seemed like an age, just chatting and getting to know each other better. Both of us were a little nervous but a glass of wine soon put us at ease.

"Do you want to come back to my place" she asked with a coy smile on her face.

"Of course" I answered, grinning shyly.

As I followed her car back to her house, I could feel myself getting wet at the thought of what lay ahead of me. I was full of excitement and anticipation, as well as being a bit nervous. Questions whirled around my head, what if I didn't like it or what if I bottled out at the last minute? Too late for that now, I thought, as we pulled up at her house.

Sharon unlocked her door and led me into her lounge. It was a large airy room, with beautiful chocolate brown curtains and a leather suite. 

"Do you drink tequila?" she asked

I nodded shyly and mumbled a quick yes and before I knew it, a large glass of tequila along with some lemon and salt appeared in front of me

Bottoms up her cried, with a cheeky grin on her face. The only bottom I wanted up was hers in my face.

After some more drinking and chatting, Sharon took me gently by the hand and led me upstairs to the bedroom. God, it was like being a virgin again and I was starting to feel nervous. Sharon on the other hand was so relaxed, I decided to let her take the lead in our bedroom antics.

I slowly took off my suit jacket and laid it on the bedroom chair, kicking my heels off at the same time. We both got onto the bed, keeling facing each other. I could feel my pussy throbbing with the anticipation of what I had dreamt about for a long time. Sharon gently put her hand on the nape of my neck and moved her lips towards mine. Her lips were so soft and her touch so gentle I thought I would cum right there and then. I kissed her back, slowly at first then with more urgency, teasing her tongue with mine. She slowly moved her hands down and started unbuttoning my shirt, her touch so gentle, yet, so in control. Her lips went to my neck, kissing and nibbling moving slowly downwards towards my breasts. 

She removed my shirt and then my bra leaving my breasts exposed, nipples erect. Her tongue moved over my breast and she started licking and sucking my nipple making me moan with pleasure whilst cupping the other one in her hand. Her tongue then moved over to my other breast, again licking and sucking my nipple making it even more erect. 

By now I was so wet it was practically soaking my panties. I just had to touch her. I removed Sharon's top and slowly undid her bra until her breasts broke free of the restraints that had been holding them back. She had the most amazing breasts I had ever seen. Large with soft pink nipples that needed to be touched. They were so gorgeous that I just ran my hands over them again and again, just feeling her soft skin before moving my tongue towards them. As I slowly kissed and licked Sharon's nipple, a moan of pleasure escaped from her lips, turning me on even more. Sharon by now was feeling so horny that she laid me back on the bed and removed my skirt and panties leaving me just in my stockings.

"I so want to taste you", she said, as her tongue ran slowly up my thigh.

I lay there on the bed, waiting to feel her tongue on my pussy, getting wetter and wetter with anticipation. She was such a tease, as she slowly ran her tongue over my lips without pushing it deep inside me. I could feel every stroke of her tongue as it moved up and down, slowly parting my lips before going inside me. I was squirming with pleasure and could feel myself grinding my hips against her face, making her lick me even harder. She moved her fingers up my thighs before pushing two into my soaking wet pussy, her tongue on my clit. I could feel myself cumming and there was no way it was going to stop. I pushed my pussy deeper onto her face and fingers, screaming as I came hard and deep all over her. Sharon moved her face to mine and I hungrily lapped my juices off her lips before slowing sucking her fingers clean. 

I looked into Sharon's eyes and could see how horny this has made her and I just knew I had to return the favour. Sharon removed her jeans and panties and I just stood there looking at her body. With her large breasts and rounded tummy, Sharon was absolutely gorgeous and exactly what a real women should be. As she lay back on the bed I could feel myself getting wet again and I couldn't wait to make her cum. I ran my hands over her soft hair and slowly moved my fingers down gently parting her lips. Her pussy was so wet and swollen and felt like pure silk. I slowly eased one finger into her making her gasp with pleasure, before pushing another one in slowly, then harder until I was finger fucking her. I could feel her juices dripping down my hands and I just knew that I had to taste her sweet pussy. I moved my mouth down and pushed my tongue deep into her hole, feeling her hips grinding against my face. God, this was so horny, I had never imagined it would this good to lick a sweet pussy. I licked and sucked and licked some more, before paying attention to her clit. I started to rub it with my finger, all the time my tongue deep inside her. I could feel her juices dripping of my chin and licked and rubbed faster and faster until I knew she was going to cum. I could feel her body shuddering as she came all over my face, panting with pleasure, a smile on her face.

We lay there looking at each other, gently running our fingers over each other's bodies before kissing passionately again. I was feeling so horny again and Sharon knew just what to do. She reached into a box by her bed, she affectionately called her 'pleasure' box and retrieved a large red vibrator from it. I lay back on the bed, head on the pillows and slowly parted my legs. Sharon started to tease me again by running her tongue up my thigh to my pussy. I could feel the excitement building again and was sure I was going to cum soon. She pushed the vibrator deep into my soaking wet pussy and turned it on. I was in heaven as she fucked me slowly, then faster, rubbing my clit with her fingers at the same time. My hands went to her breasts and I rubbed her now, erect nipples making her moan out loud. I could feel myself cumming again and begged her to fuck me faster and faster, screaming with each thrust of the vibrator in me. Just as I was about to cum she put her tongue on my clit and licked and licked as hard as she could. My orgasm was so intense I screamed out her name as I came hard and deep on her tongue and the vibrator. I had never imagined I could cum like that. 

As I lay back panting, my fantasy had indeed come true and was one of the best experiences of my life. I knew I could never go through life without experiencing it again. 

Sharon and I lay back on the bed, our naked bodies against each other, just stroking and cuddling as we drifted off to sleep ..............