 I am a freshman in college and my dorm roommate is also. I am named April and she is named May. There, I got that over with. We didn't plan to room together, didn't even know each other, it fact the roster from which we were selected by our dorm leader was made up of last names – mine was Stengle and hers was Swanson – so it was actually last names starting with ‘S' that threw us together.

That didn't stop the jokes of course. I thought I had heard all the April jokes there were, but we were now a pun on months, so people would refer to us all too often as the month sisters. May actually found this funny, which made me want to strangle her.

Whereas the two months are pretty similar in proximity as well as weather-wise, May and I are pretty different. She is from a strict religious background and so am I, but there the similarities pretty much stop. She is blond, athletic, muscular and outgoing, and I am quiet, introverted and well, whatever the opposite of athletic is – lazy maybe? Also I have dark brown hair that I wear very short because I despise hair care, and I have a pretty, but slender build.

May finally shamed me into exercising, so I would jog with her in the mornings at the track. At first it was tedious, painful and somewhat humiliating since May could run circles around me, but I eventually started getting in shape. Finally one day, she complimented me on how well my legs had developed; I was actually getting some calf and thigh muscles like her. Well, getting better anyway, her calf muscles were pretty spectacular, and her thighs looked like she could crack walnuts between them.

I masturbate several times a week. It's how I manage to stay a virgin because when boys started kissing and running their hands over me, I would become greatly excited. The only way I could stop them was to promise myself to ‘do it' later after lights out and May had gone to sleep. While stirring my pot, I would imagine I was on one of these dates and was letting the boy have his way with me, and sooner or later, usually sooner, I would come, feel all relaxed, and go to sleep.

May and I studied; we got along. We both dated and sometimes discussed our dates, but with both of us being Christian virgins in a Christian college, these discussions were not as exciting as one would hope. Then one Friday night after about six months of living together in a tiny room, something happened that started to change us both. I saw May masturbating.

It was a warm spring night and we had left the window open to catch a breeze instead of using the air conditioner. We had both had dates that night and had arrived back at the dorm at about the same time. We chatted a bit and went to bed around eleven. Her bed is across from mine. I don't like it dark in the room because I don't want to stub a toe or something if I go to the bathroom during the night. Okay, I am also a little afraid of the dark. So, we always left the bathroom light on and the bathroom door open.

I was lying there beneath my sheet and thinking of putting my hand in my panties. I couldn't sleep because my date had aroused me quite a bit and I was very horny. But I couldn't do anything yet because I had to be sure May was asleep. I guess she decided I was asleep at last and tossed aside her covers and sat up, looking at me. I could see her quite clearly but mine was the darker corner and I looked back at her through slitted eyes.

Apparently satisfied that I was asleep, she lay back on top of her sheets and began touching her breasts. I was horrified. I hadn't meant to peek on her, I just wanted her to relax and go to sleep so I could beat off and get rid of my sexual tension. Now here I was watching her rub her breasts over her tee-shirt. She was wearing a tee shirt and panties, so it wasn't like I could actually see her entire body, but then she slid her hands under her shirt and started rubbing them some more.

I could have rolled over, and I should have, but instead I just watched, feeling like I was a monster or a pervert or both. I could have just shut my eyes, but I didn't. I watched. She wasn't making much noise at all, but I could hear her breathing changing as she became more aroused. After playing with her breasts awhile, she finally slid one hand down her belly and into her panties.

I was already horny from my date, like I said, but watching her leg muscles tense when she began to touch herself down there… It affected me, and realized I was getting even more aroused by watching her. Slowly and silently I eased my hand down to my own crotch and sure enough, my panties were a little damp, but maybe they already were from earlier. But I was definitely finding it very sexy to watch May rubbing herself. I felt very funny about that, but just couldn't stop myself.

Then she cocked her knees and spread her legs wider, moving her other hand down into her panties as well. Now I could hear a faint slurping noise. Obviously, May was using one hand to insert her fingers while the other played with the clitoris at the top of the pussy. I had never really thought of doing that, I just played with my clitoris, but evidently May knew what she was doing, and it was obvious from her faster breathing that she was close to climax.

I found myself squeezing my own pussy very tightly as I watched her. Her hips were moving a little now, and her calves were tensing and loosening as she gripped at the sheets with her toes. Her legs seemed very pretty and sexy to me just then, her muscles shifting in her calves when her toes flexed. And I found myself aching for an even better view. She was panting quietly and rapidly now, her body squirming a bit in the bed. I could see her face screwed up as if she was in pain, and I knew she was having a powerful and fairly long climax.

The slurping sound of her fingers in her pussy was a little louder during the climax but that quieted gradually along with her breathing as her body relaxed. My mouth was dry and my panties were now quite wet. I wanted to come so badly that I felt a little frantic, my heart beating rapidly like a drum. May quieted and eventually rolled over and went to sleep, at least that is what I thought.

Finally, I rolled on my back, my right hand still clutching my groin in a death grip. I couldn't wait any longer and slipped my hand into my panties. My pussy was so wet it was like stirring a soup. I started to rub little circles around my clit and within seconds was starting the pooling of pleasure in the nerve center in my abdomen that meant I was building up to a climax.

Suddenly I froze as I heard May whisper, "I know what you are doing, and I know that you watched me."

I froze instantly and sat up as horrified as I have ever been, no, more horrified than I had ever been. Caught! Caught being a pervert! I didn't know how to respond, but I heard myself whisper, "Yes." Damn the years of ‘honesty is the best policy' propaganda!

I gulped and said in a soft but normal voice, "I didn't mean to! I was just waiting for you to go to sleep so I could do it. I can't help it that I'm horny. It was my date, see…" I stopped babbling.

There was nightstand between our beds, just a small one with a single lamp on it. She snapped it on, sat up and swung her legs to the floor. "I know. Sometimes at night I hear you and it makes me horny. So after you finish and go to sleep I do it too."

"Really?" I gasped. I sat up and perched on the edge of my bed facing her. Horror upon horrors, not only had I been caught watching another girl jack off, but also she had been aware of me jacking off at night all along. "I'm so sorry!" I blurted out. Then it sunk in; she had been masturbating after me because it made her horny. Incredulously I said, "So you got excited by me doing it?"

"Didn't you, just then? Watching me?" She asked coolly.

"Yeah, well, yeah," I stammered, "but I'm not gay." She had the prettiest blue eyes and she just looked at me calmly.

Then she shrugged, "Maybe it's just like getting hungry after watching someone else eat a cookie." Then she looked down at her toes and blushed a little, "I knew you were watching because I heard you gasp and hold your breath while I was coming, but I couldn't stop. I didn't want to stop. I think it even lasted longer because I knew you were watching. But I'm not gay either."

She was being so calm and reasonable, but then she usually was calm and reasonable. My head was spinning from what she was saying but damned if I wasn't still horny. I gulped again and tried to interject a little humor, "Maybe if we just did it at the same time, we'd get more sleep around here."

She looked back up at me and cocked her eyebrows, "That's actually a good idea. But in any case, I turned the light on because I want to watch you do it."

"What?" I couldn't believe what I was hearing. This was getting so… well, so nasty!

"Well you watched me, and it obviously turned you on to watch me." She smiled, "C'mon, April. I just want to watch you do it because it's sexy, and I'll do it too, so you can watch me again."

"Well…"

"Hey, it's only fair!" she added.

I had heard jokes about young boys doing this – called a circle jerk or something. And I did want to come and so very badly. "Ok," I said nervously, "let's do it." I have to admit that what sold me was getting to watch her masturbate again. The very idea of watching her in the light of the lamp was really very exciting to me. But there we sat, so close that our knees were less than a foot apart, but neither of us knew how to start.

"You have very pretty legs," May said shyly, scooting to the edge of her bed, coming even closer. But I knew why she did it; it would be easier to reach into her panties, so I scooted closer too with my butt on the edge of the bed. Now our knees were inches apart. I felt her toes touch mine and she quickly pulled her feet back.

Like I said, May was wearing a tee-shirt and panties, and no bra. I usually dressed in pajamas, but it was such a warm night, I was dressed the same as her, and no one would wear a bra in bed. May slipped her hands under her shirt and began massaging her breasts again while looking at my legs. Her breasts are a little smaller than mine but much perkier – they stood out a little more, and it was plain already that she had larger nipples – they were straining against her shirt.

Of course, living so closely, we had seen each other naked before, but it was different now in a sexual context, even if we weren't naked. I found myself intensely interested in her body. "You are the one with the beautiful legs, May," I sighed. I spread my legs a little and slipped my hand into my panties. They were soaking wet by now, and I could clearly see that hers were too when she spread her legs a bit to insert her hand down there.

I glanced down and saw my nipples were as aroused as hers were, and then I looked again at her legs and between her legs. Her hand was busy, and she was breathing through slightly parted lips. She was just suddenly so beautiful – like some primal Sex-Goddess. 

I felt as if I were going to come soon. I scooted a tiny bit further to give my hand more freedom, and so did she, and suddenly our knees and our toes were touching, just barely but touching, and the feeling was electrical between us. I could feel every vibration of her hand on her pussy through the knee and toe contact. I knew she could feel me too the same way.

I began to come and as the first spasm roiled in my hips, I leaned forward. May let out a little cry and leaned forward too. Now our faces were less than a foot apart and we were panting into each other's faces as we came. I swear that part of my orgasm reached my knees and my toes where I was touching her. For just a moment as we came together, I felt so intimate, so sexually involved with her. It was too thrilling not to enjoy. 

The orgasm lasted a long time – absolutely the best I have ever had, and several times longer than the orgasms I was used to having. By the time the spasms were settling down to nervous twinges, I felt as wrung out as a dishrag. Judging from May's slack-jawed expression, she felt the same way. Her knees and toes felt very warm against mine.

"Wow," breathed May, looking into my eyes. "That was fantastic!"

I giggled, "It sure smells like pussy in here." I couldn't believe I said that, or that I hadn't noticed the smell sooner. But, it was a warm, friendly smell.

May just grinned, "I think I like the smell. And you have the warmest brown eyes you know."

We both eased back into our beds, exchanged good nights and went to sleep. The next morning when we went out to run on the track, neither of us said anything about it, and I'm sure she was as embarrassed about last night as I was. Yet, we still seemed comfortable together and it was a nice beginning to a Saturday.

We took turns showering and walked over to the Quad for some breakfast at the cafeteria. We saw a few friends and said hello and had a good breakfast. Walking back to the dorm together, May asked me, "Got a date planned for tonight?"

I shrugged, "I did, but Johnny broke it on Thursday – said he was going out of town. I really think he's just tired of me not putting out. I'm not sure I blame him."

May gave me a look like I'd lost my mind, "I may be questioning some of my background values too, April. But it's crazy to do something that could make you end up pregnant or with aids, for God's sake!"

I stopped, put my hands on my hips and stared at her, "I know that, but don't you think we are getting a little crazy? I mean last night was fun, but we're not those sorts of girls, and I blame dating and constantly fighting off the urge for sex. Even masturbating," I lowered my voice to a whisper to say that word out in the open, "Why, it's just perverse by itself if you think about it?"

May just shrugged and grinned, "Lighten up, April. You're preaching! Are you trying to draw a crowd?"

I immediately blushed and resumed walking with her, but I whispered fiercely, "We could get on the pill and make them use rubbers."

"Yeah right," May said airily, "So then when something doesn't work right, how do you explain to your dad that you're preggers?"

I just frowned at her, because we both knew that pills and rubbers were really no guarantee of anything. Finally I answered, "He would stop paying for my college for one thing. Baptists don't have convents, do they?" May just laughed.

Back in the dorm room, I asked her, "So do you have a date tonight?"

"Yeah," May sighed, "Dale's taking me to the basketball game tonight, but I am toying with the idea of calling him to cancel."

"What for? Isn't he the guy you were out with last night?" I sat on the edge of my bed and she sat on hers facing me – our usual gossiping position. With a sudden twinge of embarassment, I realized it was also our new masturbating position.

"Yes and that's the problem," she sighed again, "I let him go too far last night, and I'm afraid he's going to want more. That's why I came home so horny that I had to make a pass at my roommate." She gave me a grin of chagrin.

I balked at the idea of what we did as her making a pass at me and hurried on, "Well, what did you let him do?"

She shrugged and looked down, "I let him feel my tits under my shirt and let him squeeze my crotch a few times."

"Under your dress?" I gasped as she nodded, my mind boggling at the idea – the sort of idea that usually caused me to masturbate. I felt so sorry for her. She was only weaker than me because she dated more than I did, and I knew it. I sighed too, "If you must know, I have practically accepted it as a given that I have to let boys touch my breasts while we're making out – just on the outside of my clothes of course. And it's making me nuts."

May smiled sincerely at me, "Glad I'm not alone, but what's the answer? Giving up on dating? I think I would still get horny, I mean, we're animals in heat, April! And the boys are worse. They're like in a rutting frenzy or something."

I had to giggle at that, but still objected, "Not sure I care to be called an animal in heat!"

May snorted, "So you're a vegetable or a mineral?"

I giggled again, a little more nervously now and admitted she was right, "Ok, we're animals in heat. Animals that don't want to have puppies right now."

"I'm calling Dale," May slapped her knees and went to the phone where I heard her break her basketball date. She lied and said she had to catch up on her history studying. I knew she was making straight A's in history and she almost never studied.

That night when we were getting ready for bed, I noticed that we had both dressed the same again, and May had opened the window. It was warm again outside. Suddenly the circumstances were similar enough to last night to make me a little nervous. In a way I wondered why. I had enjoyed our mutual masturbation very, very much, maybe too much. Maybe I was really a lesbian? That didn't seem possible considering that I had never thought or done anything like that before.

"May?" I began tentatively, "Can we talk some more about last night?" I felt crazy bringing this up because I sort of wished last night had never happened.

She answered, "Sure! In fact, I want to talk about it, too. I was just afraid you didn't want to discuss it after you blew up at me on the Quad."

"I'm so sorry, May, you know I don't blame you at all. I really don't. In fact, I don't think anyone is to blame, really. But I just worry, see…"

May's shoulder length blond hair nodded thoughtfully as she sat down across from me on her bed. "You're worried about feeling gay because you liked it so much, and because you liked our knees touching, and because you think I'm very attractive, and because you want to do it again, right?"

I gasped, opened and closed my mouth a few times, then admitted, "Yes," in a small voice. Then after a moment I asked, "How did you know? Am I that obvious?"

She smiled sadly, "No, sweetie, you're just being April, and no, I'm not a mind reader, either. It's just that those are all the things I've been worrying about."

"Really?" I was breathless, "You really find me attractive in that way?" She nodded, watching me closely, probably fearing rejection, so I hastened to reassure her, "That makes me feel a little better, May, because last night I thought you were so very sexy… I even wanted a better look at your legs."

We were both quiet a few moments. I was still turning over the phrase ‘do it again' in my mind, but yes, I knew I did want to do it again. I looked at May but her blue eyes were looking at my chest, and that made me look at hers. Sure enough, her nipples were plainly visible again through her tee-shirt. I glanced down at mine. Yep – she could see them all right. "Maybe you were right, May, maybe we're not gay, just animals in heat, um, seeking the safest outlet, right?"

May's eyes fell to my legs as she whispered, "After we came last night, I wanted to kiss you so bad I nearly just went and did it."

I was a little jolted by that because I hadn't ever thought of kissing May. I was thinking of it now though, and the thought was turning me on even more than I was already. Then I said something that was so out of character for me, I couldn't believe it – I guess I was just searching for something comforting to say, "Well even if we are gay, it's easier to hide than pregnancy."

May stopped staring at my legs for that and looked me in the eyes, "Oh we couldn't be gay, April; at least, I don't think so. I would still love to fuck a boy someday. Wouldn't you?"

I thought about that briefly. That's all it took. "Okay, we definitely aren't gay. Maybe it's like the women's magazines say – bisexuality in women is normal, because I might not mind if you kissed me. Anyway, I think we need to start doing it pretty soon; I'm really getting horny. Thinking of a boy fucking me just about put me over…" I was babbling. I was trying to stop.
