 "Julie Marsh, I asked you a question young lady," Miss Bannister yelled at me from the front of the classroom. "Since you can't seem to keep up with the rest of the class, I will see you after class dismissal!" I looked back at the middle-aged woman with the stern voice and blushed. I had enrolled in this all girls' college after I had failed miserably at my previous co-ed university last semester. My parents made me change schools, and decided their money would be better spent being around other women instead of struggling at the last school. I have been here for a few weeks now, and all the teachers and the students were not as friendly as I had hoped. 

I was never one to have many friends when I grew up, and my personality tended to make other girls shy away from me. I never really thought much about men, as my mother brought me up believing boys were just plain trouble and pregnancy was a bad thing, and even my dad was just an evil necessity that she tolerated. And my focus on my studies suffered as I just wanted to be accepted by my professors and peers.

I looked around at my classmates, as I watched them conversing with others, while I knew they were all talking about me. I felt lonely as I had yet to meet any girls who wanted to even acknowledge me except to nod or just say hello as they passed by me. I felt lonely and isolated, and now I felt the burden of knowing my teacher was very upset with me. I tried to concentrate as I heard her tell us what our study assignments were for next week's class.

The girls all filed out, some walking by me with grins and some pointing and making comments to their classmates. Much whispering was heard, unintelligible to me, while I could feel my tears welling up in my eyes as I waited for the classroom to empty out. I watched Miss Bannister begin picking up her papers and books and putting them in her briefcase.

I guess she was never married from what I had heard from second-hand conversations. She looked to be in her mid-40's, wearing a black knee-length skirt and white blouse buttoned to her neck. She had piercing blue eyes, but otherwise she was rather plain and her body showed much of her age. Her face was somewhat pretty, but having never seen her smile, it still could pierce your very soul. She was taking her time, as if to draw out the fear that I was feeling inside of me on purpose.

I looked down, seeing the real me. At 24, I was thin but small in stature. I was always the shy, submissive type, which my mother often stated to me during the times she scolded me or saw how I acted around large groups of people. I was average looking, at least that was how I felt about myself. And now I was scared as I heard my name called and I looked up."Miss Marsh, come back to my office in five minutes. Leave your books and studies where they are when you come in. Be prompt!"I sat and stared up at the clock on the wall, watching it ticking away quickly, dreading the final second that would elapse and the unknown of what I was about to face. I heard a faint mumbling from my teacher's office, like she was talking to someone. But I knew she was alone when she had closed her door.

All too quickly, it was time. I fluffed down my regulation red blouse and plaid skirt, and walked to Miss Bannister's door and knocked."Come in Miss Marsh. I pushed the door open slowly, and looked at my teacher behind her desk as she beckoned me forward. I noticed that she had now unhooked three of her buttons on her blouse. I saw the swell and hint of cleavage that I had never seen her show to us during class. "Come sit down please."I sat, waiting for my conference. I was scared and felt it best to listen and only reply if requested by her.

Her blue eyes ever piercing, she told me, "I have been very unsatisfied with your studies and your lack of focus in my classroom. We have high standards at this college, and frown on those who do not put their best effort in learning. I just spoke with your mother, and she told me that I should use whatever means necessary to assist you into giving me your best effort. I expect you to obey anything that I ask of you, without question. Your co-operation will greatly enhance your chances of passing my class and being able to graduate. Is that understood Miss Marsh?" I felt it was best to do as she asked, and not upset her. I knew I could not afford to fail this time around, for the fear of disappointing my parents once again. "Miss Bannister, I will do anything you ask. Please don't let me fail. What can I do to improve for you?" As she watched me plead my existence, a wry grin now appeared from her. "I am glad to hear you say that Miss Marsh. You will do anything I ask, I have no doubt," she uttered.

She then stood up, and walked around her desk and stood before me. I looked up as she asked me to stand up, and take the chair and put it next to the wall. I obeyed her and then returned and stood about two feet from her."Miss Marsh, get on your knees and put your hands behind your back," she said with authority. I dropped to my knees, thinking that it was an odd request, and placed my hands over my ass. Then I looked up at her and stared as Miss Bannister slowly began unbuttoning her blouse. My eyes were transfixed on her fingers as each button was being slowly unleashed, and her blouse opened. I could see her white lace bra begin to appear, as she pulled her top out of her skirt, and removed it. She placed it on her desk, then turned around and while staring into my eyes, began to unzip her skirt. As the zipper was slowly pulled, it slipped down from her legs to puddle by her feet."Hand me my skirt Miss Marsh," she commanded me. 

I lifted each foot covered by a black high heel shoe, and slipped her skirt off, my eyes now looking straight ahead at her panties, which were high cut and black. I noticed there wasn't a bulge or even a stray wisp of hair sticking out from them. I then looked up into her eyes, and handed her the skirt.

I was stunned, there wasn't any other word for it. Here was my prim and proper teacher disrobing before me. I watched as she pulled open the clasp between her breasts, and released her perfect breasts for me to see. I studied the beauty of her firm breasts, not too big, but with dark areoles and little spiked nipples. All through this, not a word was spoken by either of us. It was as if I was drawn into her beauty that she possessed that wasn't necessarily seen in her face. "Miss Marsh, remove my panties," she said without effort. My hands reached up, and touched her warm skin of her hips. I felt the smoothness and warmth of her skin. My body was shaking, and I also felt myself getting excited over the forbidden fruit I was about to unveil. I have been around women in showers and dressing rooms, but I somehow knew this was a totally new experience to me. My fingers slid inside the top of her panties, and I slowly inched them down as I would look up into her eyes and then down at her crotch constantly. Slowly, I could see the slit of her bare pussy began to appear. My fingers were trembling, as I continued the downward movement of her panties and her full beauty gained my attention. I slid them down her smooth legs, once again, lifting each foot, and soon was holding them, awaiting her next instruction.

She had that wry grin now, that I had seen earlier. "Miss Marsh, take them to your nose, and smell them." I dared not to have her speak harshly to me, so I brought them to my nose, and her soft musky scent graced me. I felt like I was in another world, as I felt my body tingle. I could feel wetness clinging to my nether lips, as I was overcome by her alluring scent. "Hand them to me," she requested. "Miss Marsh, come closer. Smell where my panties have just been. I inched forward, until my nose was at her pussy. I inhaled, once again overcome by her scent."Lick it Miss Marsh," she said. For the first time in my life, I tasted another woman. Her taste was a little tart, but not unpleasant. She was wet, as my tongue sampled the nectar of my teacher, savoring her. "Stick your tongue in deeper. Make love to my pussy Miss Marsh, as it will be your mission to succeed in this class and the better you please me, the better you will be at succeeding in my class," she commanded.

I ran my tongue through her lower lips, barely tickling my nose on them. I moved my tongue deeper, bringing it back out with her juices hitting my taste-buds. As my excitement rose both in my body and my pussy, I started to make quicker stabs inside of her. I would take in her flavor, and savor it. "'See that nub Miss Marsh? Lick it and suck it. Make love to it, you will become well acquainted with it in the future, as my pleasure will be your only satisfaction," she told me as if I had no choice.

My lips rained kisses her on clitoris, as I explored my new found toy. I licked it, and nibbled it, as I heard her sigh with each pass of my tongue over it. It was enlarging a bit, feeling it battle my tongue on every swipe. And then, with one final jolt, I felt her release. I slid my tongue deep inside her, as she pressed her mound against my face. Her essence flowed into my mouth, as I hungrily tasted the sweetness for the first time in my life. She just continued her deep sighs as she slowly came down from her high. I ran my tongue in every nook and crevice, not wanting to miss a single drop.

She guided me away from her pussy, and pulled me up by my shoulders, until we were face to face. She then kissed me, tasting herself on my lips. The kiss was tender and soft, and when she slid her tongue into my mouth, and our tongues danced together. My breath was taken away by her hot kisses, and then she pulled me away, and guided me now down to her breast. My lips surrounded her nipple, taking it in and savoring the texture and the little bumps with my tongue. I flicked it and nibbled it, as she moaned. She then pulled me over to her other breast, and I again took it in, and lapped at it like a little kitten drinking some fresh milk. I slid my tongue back and forth from nipple to nipple through her deep valley, smelling the scent of her expensive perfume. After I pleasured her breasts for some time, she guided me onto her desk, pushing the papers and desk supplies out of the way. I was soon lying prone on my back, allowing her to position me to fit her needs.

All this time, I was still in my school uniform, but she slid her hands between my legs, and grabbing my lacy panty crotch, she tugged them down and soon divested me of them. She climbed onto the desk to join me, and moved up to my head, and lifted her leg over me. She positioned herself facing away from me and looking down at my bared pussy. Now my face was scant inches from her pussy and ass, as I scanned her beauty close up once again. Then she descended, and my face was entirely enveloped. No words were spoken as I moved my tongue back inside of her, craving the taste that I had already missed. She reached down, and her finger slid over the slit of my mound, making me wiggle and then she slid her finger deep inside of me. I worked her clitoris with my lips and tongue, as she began to do the same to me with her finger. I could feel her finger sliding with even more pressure and I continued to orally please this woman that I now really desired. 

We seemed to be in tune, her finger and my tongue, and the sweet music came to a crashing crescendo and my orgasm overpowered me, as my hips raised off the table to stay in contact with her finger. Then she ground harder onto my face, my lips sucking her clitoris now. She tensed as I felt her thighs tighten against my ears, and then her juices gushed into my mouth. I slipped back into her deeply, determined to give her the matching orgasm that I was experiencing myself with her expert touch. I rode her gyrations out, as I finally heard one final contented sigh as her legs relaxed. I breathed finally, as I think I had forgotten to so since she placed herself onto my face.

We remained like that for a few moments, she was also beginning to breathe normally. I continued finishing up my final swipes to clean her of all that she offered me. She then climbed off, and picked up her clothes and began to dress. I put my panties back on over my drenched pussy, and got off her desk and stood before it.

She was dressed now, and went back to her seat behind the desk. "I have scheduled an appointment for you to see our college dean, Miss Riley. See her first thing before class. You are dismissed," which were her last words to me as she went back to her paperwork and ignoring me. I walked out the door and retrieved my books and papers, then leaving while walking on cloud nine.