 It had been a long night at work and I was exhausted. Waitressing wasn't my job of choice, but the tips were good and the schedule was flexible. In needed the extra job to help pay for my part of the apartment rent, so I didn't have to stay at the dorms, at collage. I shared it with two other friends, who were also attending the same collage as I. Anna was from New York and was studying fine arts, while Tina was from Indiana, studying computer programming. As for myself, I was from a very rural part of Ohio, there to studying graphic design.

Anna and I spent a lot of time together, since we were both interested in the arts, while Tina was sort of a loner, and spent a lot of time working on the computer at school. We were all great friends and would often go out together, going from bar to bar, having a great time, only to get up the next morning to go to classes. I knew that they would be back at the apartment waiting for me to get home, to see if I wanted to go out for the night, but I was too tired. I'd have to tell them that they'd have to wait until tomorrow evening, for me. At least I didn't have to work tomorrow.

When I got to the apartment, I noticed that Tina's back pack was sitting just inside the door. Maybe she was planning to head to the computer lab for the evening. I glanced down the hallway and noticed that Anna's bedroom light was on, but the rest of the apartment was dimly lit. I went over to put my purse on the table and check the answering machine for any messages that might have been left for me, when I noticed some moaning coming from Anna's room. Then I heard Tina talking, but I couldn't understand what was being said. 

I put my purse down and started for Anna's room. As I rounded the corner, I saw them together. I stood then, almost in shock! There they were, naked, their thin graceful bodies one over the other, facing the opposite of one another Their faces were burrowed in-between each other's legs. Anna was on top, licking away at Tina's pussy, probing her tongue in and out off her opening as Tina moaned in total pleasure. She licked as Tina's juices covered her face. Then, Tina pulled Anna's ass down onto her face, pressing her mouth into her pussy. Anna squealed in delight, panting as she rode Tina's face. Her hips moved over Tina as she sat up almost sitting fully on her face. Anna grasped her own breasts and rubbed them with vigor, as she pumped her wet hole over Tina's lips. 

I stood there, almost too paralyzed too move. I couldn't believe what I was watching. Just then, Anna opened her eyes and saw me standing there. She smiled at me. In complete embarrassment, I gasped and turned, running for the door. I headed out to the street and ran to the street corner. There I found a bench and sat down. I was shaking and completely embarrassed! I never expected to come home to anything like that. I had no idea that they were bisexual. Both Anna and Tina have had boyfriends in the past. Actually, Tina had a pretty serious relationship going with a guy in one of her computer classes.

I didn't know what to do. I didn't want to go back to the apartment any time soon, but I was exhausted and I wanted to get some sleep. What would I say to them when I went back to the apartment? What could I say? They caught me standing there watching them! What would they think of me?!? I knew that I would just have to go straight to my room, when I got back. I just hoped that the subject would never be brought up. I don't think I'd want to talk about it with them. It was way to weird! 

I sat there on the bench for quite a while before I mustered up the courage to go back to the apartment. I was hoping that they would both be in their own rooms....hopefully asleep!

When I got back to the apartment, I found both Anna and Tina in the kitchen, dressed in their summer night gowns, getting a bedtime snack. At least they were both dressed. They both greeted me with a friendly "Hi" and I greeted them back, quickly making my way past them to hide in my room. I shut my door and sat on my bed. I was still very nervous and embarrassed. I sighed, and decided to get ready for bed. Maybe tomorrow I would feel better.

As I got undressed, I looked at myself in the mirror. As I dropped the last of my cloths to the floor, I stood there naked, inspecting myself and I found myself to be attractive. I was 19 years old and had a tall, slim build. My breasts were small but round and firm. As I looked at myself, I admired my own proportions, as my long blond hair lay over my shoulders. My skin was tanned and youthfully soft. I smiled at myself as I caressed one of my breasts.

Just then, I herd a knock on my bedroom door. It was Tina and Anna! I hurried to my bed and got under the covers. What could they possibly want?!?

"Can we come in?" asked Anna, "We just wanted to talk. We are so sorry that we offended you. We had no idea that you would be home as early as you were."

"I don't know," I said, "Maybe we should talk tomorrow. I'm so tired and I am already in bed."

"Please," said Tina, "We don't want this to put a wedge in our friendships. If we don't talk about it now, we may never get the courage to do it tomorrow."

I laid there for a moment, deciding what I should say. "Please," they asked again. As I watched the door, I saw Anna crack open the door. "Please," she asked again. 

I paused for a moment. "Okay," I sighed.

They both came in and sat on the right side of my bed. Anna looked at me and started to talk first.

"I'm so sorry," she said, "It was my fault. Please....you can't tell anyone about this! I was the one who came on to Tina. It was her first time, and she doesn't want her boyfriend to know!"

"Are you kidding?" I responded, "I would never tell a soul! Your secret is safe with me." I paused for a moment.... " I'm just so embarrassed that I came in on you guys." 

"It's okay," said Tina, "You are our best friend, and we don't want you to feel bad."

Tina was the same age as I. She had long black hair and olive skin. Her eyes were a beautiful dark shade of brown. She could have been a model if she ever decided to pursue it. Her check bones were perfect and she had a graceful look about her.

Anna was a couple years older than we were and she was gorgeous. She had long, wavy blond hair and light skin. Here eyes were a lovely shade of blue. They were almost iridescent. She was taller than I was, but she was just a slender, with a curvier build. She had a soft glow to her and I found myself admiring her. 

I sat up slightly in bed, and the sheet feel away, revealing one of my breasts. I quicky pulled it back up, forgetting that I didn't have any cloths on. Anna reached out and touched my thigh. "It's okay," she said, "You shouldn't be embarrassed. You have a lovely body, and you shouldn't be ashamed of it."

Just then, I felt the wetness grow between my legs. I surprised myself, and tried to hold back on my bodies reaction. I didn't want my body to respond that way. I hoped that they couldn't notice.

"Haven't you ever though of what it might be like to have sex with another woman?"

"NO!" I blurted out, "I never have. It seems so........so...........unnatural."

Anna smiled, "No.....it's not. Women have been having these desires for thousands of years. In many cultures of the past, it was accepted as normal. I think that two women together is the most beautiful thing. Have you ever seen picture of women enjoying each other. It's a very arousing thing to look at. I know that you've seen older paintings of women laying together naked, enjoying each other. You of all people should know, since you art an art student! Why do you think that is?...........Because it is perfectly natural."

"It is?" I asked. I was all to aware of the dampness between my legs. I was confused by my bodies reaction. Why was I feeling this way? I kept telling myself that it wasn't right, but I was finding myself turned on by their presents. After seeing them together, I couldn't get the thought out of my mind. Somehow, I was aroused by the thought. I looked away from them, almost in a daze, running the scene though my mind. I caught myself, and looked back at them.

"Wouldn't you like to know?" asked Anna, "I would love to show you. It's even better with three."

I paused. I didn't know what to say. "I....I........I don't know."

"Let me show you," she said, "You just lay there and Tina and I will give you the experience of a lifetime." She could see the questioning in my eyes, "It's okay. If we start doing anything that you are uncomfortable with, tell us and we will stop."

I wasn't sure what to think. Somehow, my body was taking over. Though, I tried to resist the feelings, I could feel the excitement inside of me. I didn't understand why I was feeling this way. I had never thought about sleeping with a woman.....let alone two! I had been with a boy once, the last year of high school, but I found it cold and unfulfilling. He had only one thing on his mind and I was stupid enough to let him have his way with me. But, this seemed different. These were both my best friends. We cared for each other and shared times together, but I never thought about the possibility of sleeping with them. Now, they were both sitting at the edge of my bed, wanting me.......and somehow, I was wanting them. I tried to shake the thought out of my mind. How could I? But the thought of them holding and enjoying each other kept creping into my mind. I found myself thinking that Anna was right. They did look beautiful together! Maybe that is why I stood at Anna's door for a moment, and watched as they took in each other. Maybe I didn't want to admit it at the time, that it did excite me.

I looked down at myself, my fingers finding my wetness. Realizing what I was doing, I looked up at both of them. They smiled back.

"Well?" asked Anna.

I didn't have to say anything. Anna knew that I was up for some play, and I must admit....I was curious.

Anna stood up before me and let her nightgown slid down over her shoulders, letting it falling into to a small heap on my bedroom floor. Her body was beautiful! She was slender but not too thin. My eyes fell to her full firm breasts, as I noticed her nipples stand out erect with excitement. Her stomach was flat and toned, and the curve of her hips fell into proportion with the top of her. Her hair laid over her shoulders, reaching down over her breasts. 

She reached out for me and slowly pulled the sheet away from my body. She stood there for a brief moment looking at me with hungry eyes. Then she reached for one of my legs, gently pulling me down over the bed so that I was laying flat.

Behind her, I noticed Tina starting to follow her lead. She too, shed her nightgown, and stood before me in full view. She was more delicate than Anna, but she had an exotic look to her, with her long black hair and olive colored skin. Her hips were narrow and her breasts were small and round, giving her body that youthful grace. She almost looked younger than she was, but she was very much a woman.

My eyes went back to Anna, as she came down to kiss me. I found myself kissing her back as her tongue began to prod at my lips. I could feel her hand come over my breast as she kissed me with more passion. She positioned my nipple between her fingers and held my breast as she rubbed it back and forth. Then she stood up again, taking Tina's hand. She lead her to me and signaled for her to kiss me. She leaned over me, smiling. She was almost as new to this as I was, except for the experience that I walked in on just a short while before. But I could see the passion I her eyes. She wanted me like Anna did, and I was finding that I wanted them too. She kissed me lightly on the lips, then kissed me again. Her hand found my breast and rubbed it like a kneading kitten. Her newfound hunger for me was obvious.

Even though I was a little nervous, I was full of excitement, wanting to learn of what was to come next. Just then, I felt Anna part my legs and crawl onto the bed in-between them.. I felt her breasts settle between my legs, as she came up to plant kisses around my navel. My skin tingled where her lips left a trail of moisture across my belly. 

I wanted to touch one of them, and reached up for Tina, grasping one of her breasts. It was small, but big enough to cup in my hand. I held her round softness in my hand as Tina's mouth, covered mine. As I held her in my hand, Tina began to kiss down my neck, making her way down to one of my breasts. Her tongue began to circle my nipple, as I felt her mouth latch on to the point of it. She was like a wild, exotic animal, pawing at my chest as she nursed on one side of me.

Just then, I felt Anna slowly move down, her tongue weaving through the top of my pubic hair. She moved her hands to the inside of my thighs, and pushed my legs out wide, revealing my wet opening to the light. I could feel her breath on my wetness, causing me to moan with anticipation. Then I felt her kiss my most secret place. Her lips were warm and soft, against my tender flesh. I felt her spread my pussy wide with her fingers, as she lightly flicked her tongue around my opening. My reflex was to arch, as I felt my breath leave me. I had never felt anything like it, and I knew that she was only starting. She circled her tongue around the loose edges of my pussy, tasting it with loving care. Then I felt her nibble at the outer lips of me, tugging me lightly with her teeth. I panted as they both touched me in a way I had never been touched before. I was lost in the feeling of it. Just when I thought it couldn't get any better, Anna burrowed her face tightly into me. I felt her tongue probing deep within me, lapping up my juices as they came from me. I could barely contain myself as she probed and prodded. As she ate me with lusting lips, I felt her slid her finger deep inside of me. She began sucking on my clit, flicking her tongue over it, sending me into a frenzy! I could feel my inner walls begin to spasm, closing around her finger over and over again, as an unbelievable sensation of ecstacy flowed through my body. I began to groan uncontrollably as each orgasm came. I could feel the moisture flow from me as she took it into her mouth. I had never had a sensation like this with any man. 

My legs tightened as the spasms began to ease. That was when Anna withdrew from me to touch Tina. Tina brought herself up to face Anna. They kissed each other as each kept a hand on me. Then, Tina decided to bring her leg over me so that her buttocks faced me. She lowered herself, presenting herself only inches away from my face. There before me was her shaved pussy, wet and glistening with excitement. Surprisingly, I found it to be beautiful and I yearned for a taste. At first, I wasn't sure what to do. This was completely new to me, but I found that instinct took over, and I grabbed her ass in both hands, drawing her closer to me. The smell of her was intoxicating. I look my first lick of her to find that she was sweet to the taste. I licked her again and again, finally pressing my lips wildly to her opening. I stuck my tongue up into her as she moved her hips to my wanted intrusion. I sucked on her flesh, lightly taking into between my teeth, giving it a little tug. She let out a giggle between the moans, and I burrowed my face as deep as I could into the flesh of her opening. She flinched as she came to full orgasm, arching her body into my face like a wild animal.

Tina couldn't take anymore, and got up from me. I turned to see that Anna was standing up against the wall, with one leg up on my bed stand, fingering herself as she watched us. She moaned as she drew her fingers in and out of her wet hole.

Tina went to the foot of my bed and slid up in-between my legs. She wasted not time and pressed her face into my pussy, her tongue lapping up against my inner walls. I ached my back again with a moan, to she Anna walk back over to me again. This time she mounted herself over my face, spreading herself with her fingers, waiting for me to take her into my mouth. I circled the rim of her with my tongue as she sighed in total pleasure. I brought my hands to grasp her buttocks, pulling her closer to my face. I burrowed my face into the hole of her, reaching my tongue as deep as I could into her darkness. She pressed her hands up against the wall at the head of my bed as she rode my face. The juices flowed from deep with inside her and I took in their sweetness, licking her walls as Tina licked mine.

Then, my walls began to spasm again as Tina ate me with hunger, causing me to press my face harder into Anna's pussy. Suddenly, I felt Anna's walls start to spasm as I pressed my lips into her. We were both cumming at the same time, panting and moaning with each wave of ecstasy. As we both climaxed, Anna rolled down onto the bed next to me, as Tina finished up. When she was none, Tina pulled herself up over me, laying onto top of me, laying her head on top of one of my breasts. She faced Anna and laid her arm over her waist. We just laid there, taking in the air and catching our breaths.

I couldn't believe what I had just done. I had never though of doing anything like this, in my wildest dreams. But it was a beautiful experience and one that I would never forget.

Finally, after some time, Tina rolled off of me and laid to my other side, pulling the sheets up over us. Both Tina and Anna put their arms over me for the night, and we feel asleep that way. We slept many nights that way, after that, loving each other, only as very close friends could...