 By the time Cassie and I got to the second party we were already pretty tipsy. It was after 1 AM and I was ready to go back to the dorms but Cassie said she heard Tom would be at this house, so we went. All week I had heard about Tom and how they flirted last weekend and how this weekend they'd certainly fuck. I was excited for Cassie, so long as she planned to go back to his place. I didn't feel like finding a place to crash, and I didn't think they'd want me there unless I was planning to join in. (which I wasn't.) Cassie and I had talked about a threesome before, but never seriously, and we had never experimented together or with any girl. I hoped that tonight she would go to his place, and I'd have the room to myself for some me time. 

The second house party was crowded, and with the usual crowd. Cassie anxiously scanned the first room, and I moved toward the kitchen to find more alcohol. In the kitchen there was a group of guys taking shots and I moved in. They each called me cute or sexy and I took advantage of it by drinking their alcohol. After a few shots, Cassie entered the room and joined us. She didn't find Tom, and she found out he'd already left with someone else. In typical, non-jealous, free-spirited Cassie fashion she immediately joined us in drinking. The guys seemed to love all of the female presence and we both loved the attention we were receiving. 

"So, how do you girls know each other?" one of the guys asked. 

"We're roommates," Cassie answered, "this is my best friend!" She hugged me, letting her hands fall and rest on my butt. We laughed, and the guys seemed to enjoy it. 

Another guy looked us up and down and asked, "Have you two ever messed around? Gotten a little... dirty?" He laughed a little saying it, but I knew he really wanted us to say we have. 

"Oh, only every night. I used to just touch myself, but with this one around, I never need to." Cassie answered in a sexy, flirty tone. I blushed, and laughed a little too hard. 

The guys must have known this was a joke, but one asked us to prove it. 

All the sudden, Cassie grabbed my face and kissed me. I kissed back, and tasted the liquor on her tongue. She lowered her left hand to my ass and squeezed in view of the guys. My hands moved from her hips to her waist while she squeezed and smacked my ass playfully. The guys cheered and we separated. I laughed a little nervously, and wondered if she was blushing as much as me. 

The guys asked us back to their place, but we agreed we were tired and ready to go back to our dorm. On the walk back, I told Cassie how surprised I was at what she did. She laughed.

"They loved it. Did you see their faces when I kissed you?" she asked, "I'm pretty sure we caused a few awkward hard-ons back there." 

I laughed, "Yeah, they did seem pretty excited. And it was kind of hot. I was just surprised." 

"I always get really horny when I'm drunk. I just figured why not? And I went for it." Cassie explained. My panties were already soaked from the make-out but when she admitted she was horny I almost lost control. 

I laughed a little and admitted it was fun. 

When we got in our room, we immediately started undressing like we normally would. Usually when Cassie is changing, I sneak a few glances at her body. Tonight I found myself staring. 

Her ass was bigger than mine, and I'd always been jealous. It was round and perky and looked so sexy in a thong. She was practically naked now, and I was too. She bent over to pick up laundry and I saw her shaved pussy. The thin fabric of her thong had been soaked and pushed a little to the side. I could see how wet she was, and I wanted to get closer. 

I took my bra off and didn't bother looking for a shirt to sleep in. My nipples were hard and I wanted her to see. I had always appreciated my tits. They were a decently full C cup and guys always seemed happy with them too. Now, more than anything, I wanted Cassie to touch them. 

She turned around and so we were facing each other wearing nothing but panties. I smiled a wide, drunk smile and raised my eyebrows. She smiled back, and looked me up and down. I wanted her so badly, and I wanted her to initiate it. 

"Why haven't we experimented?" she asked me, "We're both horny, we're both drunk. Why shouldn't we mess around?" She stared at my tits and I moved toward her. 

I let the alcohol take over and I boldly said, "I really want to eat your pussy." She pulled me closer and kissed me hard. I grabbed her ass and squeezed and smacked it. 

"I'm so horny," she moaned, "oh my God Audrey, fuck me." 

We moved to our futon and I straddled her. I let my wet pussy grind against her while I kissed and sucked her nipples. She moaned and spanked me, probably leaving hand prints on my ass. 

"Sit on my face," she commanded. I positioned my pussy over her and moved my panties to the side. Her tongue probed my hole and I moaned as I felt it inside of me. Then she started to lick and tease my clit, making me want her even more. I squeezed and played with my own nipples, watching her taste me. 

After a minute, I turned my body so we could sixty- nine. She spread her legs wide and I moved her thong to the side so I could eat her pussy. I felt her moans against my own clit and almost came right then. I gave her pussy a few long licks before sucking on her clit, making her legs shake. 

Just as I was about to come, she pushed me off of her and told me to get on my hands and knees. When I did she spanked me hard, and I cried out. I had told her before how much spanking turns me on, and I knew she remembered. 

She pulled my panties off of me and kneeled behind me so she could lick me again. For a moment she licked my asshole and it turned me on. Then she moved back to my clit, and started fingering me. With my ass in the air, I came harder than I ever had in my life. She licked me until I couldn't stand it anymore and had to push her away. 

Then she laid down on her back and spread her legs for me to finish her off. 

I laid between her legs and went straight for her clit. I pushed my index finger inside her and pumped them in and out while sucking her button. I made sure to look up to see her face, in ecstasy while she moaned my name. I teased and sucked her clit while adding my middle finger and using my free hand to squeeze her tits.

Her entire body rose as she came and her breathing almost stopped. She pushed me away and I moved to lay next to her. We were both panting, and ready to go to sleep. 

We said goodnight and climbed into our own beds like normal, and I hoped we would do this again the next night.