 “Come straight home,” he said, “I have a surprise for you”. 

Master always knows how to get me excited. As I hang up the telephone I can feel the blood starting to get warm as it begins to move faster through my veins. 

My mind is spinning as I walk out the door to climb into my car and begin my journey home. My heart feels as though it will pop out of my chest. I am thinking back on all of the surprises that my Master has given me. What will he have waiting for me? 

As I pull in the driveway I begin to feel the wetness of my pussy. It has anticipated its Masters touch since we hung up the telephone. My legs feel weak as I open the car door and climb out. My cell phone rings, I answer it and it is my Master. 

“Hello my Pet”, he says in that soft, sexy voice he has. When you walk in the door, “stop” just as you get inside. Lock the door and wait there for further instructions.

“Yes sir”, I say and hang up the telephone. 

As I slide the key in the keyhole and unlock the door my heart begins to beat harder and faster. “WOW”, 

I am thinking, this is going to be so erotic. I walk in the door and turn to lock up as Master had instructed. I could feel his presence in the room. 

“Don’t move”, he says. Drop your keys to the floor. 

I feel him coming closer to me. My legs begin to weaken as I think of his touch. He reaches around my neck and strokes ever so softly. 

Have you been a “good girl” today, he says? 

Yes, I answer. I have been a good girl all day.

Well then, he says, it is time for you to be rewarded for being so good. I am going to place a blindfold on you, “My Pet” and then I am going to undress you. I have something special for you tonight. 

My body feels weak and my heart is pounding wondering with excitement what my Master has for me. He places the blindfold over my head and covers my eyes. He reaches down to take off my shoe and as he lifts my foot he strokes my leg. He runs his strong hand up my thigh and very slowly teases the inside of my crotch. He cups his hand over my pussy and squeezes for a moment. He begins to rub down the other thigh until he reaches my other shoe. 

He stands up and begins to unbutton the jacket that I am wearing. He stops and begins to rub my breasts. He cups each breast and very tenderly massages them. He then reaches up and removes the jacket. As he slips the jacket off it drops to the floor and he takes my shoulders in his hands and pulls me close in to his chest. He stops and he breathes in my scent as he softly kisses my neck. As his lips touch my neck I feel a warm feeling move throughout my entire body.

He reaches around my waist and begins to unhook and unzip the skirt. It falls to the floor around my ankles. He lifts one leg and then the other as he removes my skirt. As he lifts each leg to remove the skirt he softly kisses each leg. He then begins to remove my pantyhose. As he is pulling the pantyhose down he begins to kiss my belly. Softly, he begins to move his tongue over the lower part of my belly, teasing my pussy as he moves down the thigh. He removes the panty hose and stands up to remove my bra. As he unhooks my bra from behind he is slowly kissing my neck again. Running his tongue over my chest he lets the bra fall to the floor. He begins to kiss my breast. He takes one nipple into his mouth and begins to suckle as if he were nursing my breast for milk. 

He then begins to nibble my breast with his teeth. Slowly he is biting and tugging at my nipples. He knows that this makes my pussy hot and wet. My body begins to shake nervously anticipating his next touch. I feel my back arching to push my breast harder and closer to his mouth.

“Now” he says, as he takes my hand and begins to lead me out of the living room. It is now time for you to begin with your surprise. 

Master leads me around and seems to be moving down the hall. 

“Stop” he says, this is far enough. He reaches up and removes my blindfold. The room is filled with candles. Big candles and little candles are all over the room. The room is lit up and the aroma is amazing. I gaze over to see the bathtub full of bubbles. 

“Climb in” he says and I will do the rest. 

I climb into the warm bubble bath and Master begins to remove his clothing. I turn my head to watch him remove them in the candlelight. His body appears to be glowing. He slowly steps into the bathtub and sits between my legs. He takes a cloth and holds it under the water and as he removes the cloth he holds it over my breast and lets the water run over the nipples. He then takes the cloth and begins to run it over my neck and shoulders. As he runs the cloth down my shoulders and across my chest and makes his way down my stomach my body begins to lose its strength. 

I am so totally relaxed and never want this moment to end. I am thinking to myself what a caring and loving Master that I have. He pays special attention to my pussy. He takes the cloth and rubs lightly at first and then he begins to squeeze the cloth into my pussy. My pussy begins to throb and desires to have Master’s hard cock buried deep inside my wet pussy. 

As my mind is drifting away thinking of nothing but cock and bubbles Master says, “Ok my Pet it is time to get out”. 

He climbs out of the tub first and then reaches to help me out. He takes a towel and gently rubs me dry. He tells me that I will have to put the blindfold back on and he places it back over my eyes. He takes my hand and leads me out of the bathroom.

He does not say a word to indicate where we are going or what we will be doing. As we enter another room he tells me to climb onto the bed and lie down on my back. He takes my arm and kisses softly as I feel the leather straps being placed around my wrist. He ties both of my hands and moves down to my legs and feet. As he takes my leg into his hands he again begins to kiss and caress my legs as he places the straps around my ankles. I feel him climbing off the bed and there is silence. I hear him walking out of the bedroom and he is gone for what seems like an hour although it was a very short time. I can hear his footsteps as he enters back into the room.

He does not say a word. I have a strange feeling that comes over my body and I feel the presence of someone else in the room. I do not know who it is. Is it a woman or a man? I can feel them coming closer and my body begins to shake with excitement. I feel a hand on my foot. It is a soft hand and I know that this has to be a woman. She slowly and softly strokes my feet and ankles. She does not say a word. She begins to caress my legs and gently stroke the insides of my thighs. I feel her climb onto the bed. As she climbs onto the bed I can smell a sweet floral scent that she brings with her. She positions herself in the middle of my legs. She begins to slowly caress the insides of my thighs again. Her touch is soft and gentle. I am not scared yet I am shaking. 

I feel her soft lips gently kissing my stomach. Slowly she moves up my stomach and begins to kiss my breast. 

I can feel her tongue as she begins to make little circular licks all around my nipples. My nipples are standing erect and they are so excited. 

They have never been kissed or licked by a woman before. She begins to take my nipples into her mouth and slowly suck on them. Then she takes my nipple and gently bites it. I am beginning to get more excited and begin to squirm as much as I can. 

My hands and ankles are tied and I can only move as much as they allow me to. She begins to run her tongue back down my belly. I feel her hands inside my thighs. She begins to massage my pussy with her fingers. 

She then slowly enters one finger inside my now wet, hot and throbbing pussy. She moves her finger all around the inside of my pussy as though she is looking for something. 

As she places a second finger inside my pussy and I am so excited that I cannot be still. My ass begins to move in the same direction, as her fingers are moving inside my pussy. She continues to lick and kiss my stomach and slowly moves down between my legs. My head is spinning and my pussy is hot. I know that my Master is watching everything and I know that he is excited as well as I am. 

As she slowly moves to the inside of my thighs she begins to softly kiss her way to my wet pussy. She makes her way to my clit first. Licking and sucking, softly tugging at my now swollen clit. She flicks her tongue in and out of my pussy. 

My ass begins to rise to meet her mouth and I begin lifting my pussy to her mouth for more. She places a couple of pillows under my ass for support. Now my pussy meets her mouth just fine. She begins to lick and suck. She uses her teeth to gently suck my clit. I am going wild. My heart is pounding. My pussy is so wet. She slips a finger into my pussy and begins moving it all around. 

I hear what seem to be papers being moved around and then I hear a noise that is all too familiar to me. She has a vibrator I thought. 

Where is she going to place the vibrator? 

Will she fill my pussy with the vibrator and fuck it wildly? 

Will she place the vibrator in my ass and fuck my ass the way that my Master fucks my ass? 

I could feel my body begin to quiver with all the thoughts going through my mind. By now, my only thought became when I would get to cum. I could feel my insides swelling to the point that I just knew that any minute I would explode and cum all in her mouth. 

I heard what sounded like a cap being popped open. Then I felt her fingers at my ass. They were dripping wet. She took her finger and massaged around my ass hole. As my ass begins to move with her finger she gently slid her finger deep inside my ass. She then begins kissing my pussy again. 

She is slowly finger fucking my ass and sucking my pussy and I am getting ready to cum. She then pulls her finger out of my ass and inserts the vibrator deep inside my ass. She begins to move the vibrator in and out of my ass. At the same time she has her lips and mouth covering my pussy and she is sucking wildly. My body begins to jerk around, as I can no longer hold back. I am going to cummmmmmmmmmm. 

“To be continued”