 My heart raced while my mind struggled to catch up. It couldn't be him. I watched as my boyfriend plowed some girl in his living room. I watched his face-that stupid face that he made that drove me nuts when I was the one he was fucking. It was all twisted up as he snarled like he thought he was some badass god of fucking. Really it just made him look pathetic, like he was trying way too hard. Yep. That was him. The last 6 months of my life. Son of a bitch. She wasn't even that cute!

I wiped the tears from my eyes as I ran back to my car, then I tore out of there, my tires squealing behind me. On instinct I started to drive home before I realized it wasn't an option. My parents would be home, probably sitting in the living room watching TV right now. There was no way I could let them see me like this. I had nowhere to go. Another bout of sobs wracked through me as I reached for my cell phone. I called the only person I'd always been able to rely on. 

"Hello?"

"Maggie?" My voice sounded weak and I hated it. 

"Chrissy? What's wrong?"

I sniffled. I couldn't find the words to tell her just yet. "Are you home? Can I come over?"

"I'm at the store but I can be home in like 15 minutes."

"Ok."

She hesitated. "Can I get you anything while I'm here? Maybe some ice cream?"

I smiled through my tears. She knew me so well. "Black raspberry chip, please. And another half-gallon for yourself."

Maggie laughed. She had this sweet little giggle that always made me smile. "I'll be there soon, hon," she promised softly. 

When I got to her apartment, Maggie's car wasn't in the lot so I sat on the steps and waited for her. The tears weren't so heavy now and I pulled out my phone to text my asshole of a soon-to-be-ex-boyfriend. I found his name in my contacts and stared at the screen. I wanted to text him something perfect. It had to be the right amount of aloof, snark, gotcha, and fuck off. But all I could think was why? Had I done something? Had I not done something? I thought he was different. I thought he could make me happy. Instead he went and reminded me why I'd been chronically single for so long. 

I still hadn't thought of anything to say when Maggie's car pulled in so I gave up and pocketed my phone. She bounded toward me with two bags and I grabbed one as she pulled me into a hug. I held her and fought off the tears that threatened to return. 

"You ok?" she softly spoke in my ear. 

"No," I answered honestly. "But can we go inside to talk about it?" 

Once we were inside, Maggie walked straight to the kitchen, then emerged with the ice cream and two spoons. There were no bowls; this was a straight-out-of-the-carton kind of night. 

"Can we watch something for a little bit?" I asked. 

"What do you want to watch?"

I thought about it. My go-to was usually romantic comedy, but that sure as hell wasn't happening tonight. 

"Something scary," I answered. "I want to watch happy people die." 

Maggie raised her eyebrows but didn't respond. She pulled something off the shelf and put it in the DVD player. I didn't really care what it was. We'd watched most of her movies together and she knew what I liked. 

Maggie sat beside me on the couch and we dug in as the movie began to play. 

It wasn't five minutes into the movie before I spoke. "Mike is cheating on me."

Maggie looked at me. "I'm sorry, sweetie. Are you sure?"

I nodded. "When I say he is cheating on me, present tense, I mean literally right now, this very second, he's fucking some blonde on his couch. He said he couldn't go out tonight because he was sick so I stopped by to check on him on my way home from work. Unless she has a magical healing pussy, I'm pretty sure he's a lying sack of shit."

Maggie didn't say anything. Sometimes there was nothing to say, so she just listened. 

"It's not like I was in love with him," I continued. "I don't even think I'm upset at losing him in particular. It's just..." I struggled to fight back the tears, but they came anyway and my voice cracked as I spoke. "Why doesn't anyone love me? Ever?"

"Oh, honey." Maggie grabbed the ice cream from me and placed it on the table before wrapping me in her arms. She held me as I sobbed into her shoulder. "Just because Mike is a scumbag doesn't mean there's anything wrong with you. He didn't deserve you."

"No," I shook my head, still clinging to my best friend. "Because it's not just him. Everyone leaves me. Men hate me."

"Men are idiots," Maggie responded fiercely. 

She wiped a tear from my cheek "Look at me." I sniffled before glancing up. 

She was so cute when she was protective. Her messy black curls stuck out at all ends of her ponytail. Her brown eyes were intense, yet loving. She had half a dozen tattoos and several piercings that made her look like a gorgeous badass, though some of the ink was humorous so it was evident she didn't take herself too seriously. Sometimes next to her I felt so plain. My auburn hair was wavy on the best of days, but usually was so frizzy and unruly I just threw it up in a bun. My green eyes were pretty enough, and I had a decent smile but I just didn't really feel like I stood out. 

Looking into Maggie's eyes now I wished for probably the billionth time during the course of our relationship that she'd see me as more than a friend. Maggie was bisexual but I'd always gotten the feeling that she preferred men since she always had a boyfriend. She never stayed single long enough for me to really test the waters. I had always been curious about girls, but never liked one well enough to actually do anything about it. It would probably have been bad for our friendship anyway, and I couldn't bear to risk losing her. But nobody else really got me the way she did. 

"Christina Marie, you are an amazing woman. You're crazy smart, you're funny, loyal, kind, and you're fucking beautiful!" She reached out and tucked a loose hair behind my ear. "Anyone would be lucky have you. You're the most lovable person I've ever known."

"I know you love me," I said. "And I know my family loves me. I know I'm not alone-alone." I paused to take a breath. "But it's not the same." I looked down and added "I want someone to love me romantically. But apparently that's too much to ask."

Maggie lifted my chin until I was staring into her eyes again. "I stand by my statement."

I sighed. "I know, I know. I'll meet someone eventually. I'm just tired of dating assholes. How many frogs do I have to kiss before I find someone decent?"

Maggie chuckled. "That's not what I meant."

I looked at her, confused. 

She rolled her eyes. "For the love of-" Maggie grabbed the back of my neck and pulled my lips to hers. This was definitely not a best friend kind of kiss. Her lips were soft but hungry. I felt her tongue flick across my lip, and heard a moan escape from the back of my throat. I didn't even think about it. I returned her kiss with equal fervor, my tongue gliding over hers. She suckled my bottom lip and I felt it all through my body. 

Maggie quickly pulled away and shifted away from me on the couch. She spoke before I could protest. "I know you aren't really into girls, but I hate that you think you're unlovable. Because it's not true."

I didn't know what to say. It was Maggie who wouldn't look at me now and she fidgeted with her hands in her lap. I'd never seen her this nervous before. My heart swelled at the sight. "Just...if you ever want to try out the other team..." Her eyes finally met my own. They were filled with hope and uncertainty. "I know someone who loves you. Really loves you. The way you want to be loved." 

Tears filled my eyes again, but this time they were the good kind. Maggie misread them. She looked down at her hands again and stammered anxiously. "I'm sorry, I don't know what I was thinking-" This time I lifted her chin. I cupped her cheek with the same hand and grinned through my tears as I looked into those beautiful, albeit nervous as hell, brown eyes. I pulled her closer to me, and kissed her. I tried to feed all of my love, all of the unexplored feelings I'd harbored for her all these years, into this one kiss.

Her arms circled my waist as she responded. The anxiety fled and passion poured from us in its place. My tongue plunged into her mouth and explored with urgency. I felt my breathing grow heavier. My teeth sought out her lower lip and she whimpered when I nibbled on it. Her arms tightened, pulling me against her. 

My shirt bunched up between her hands and I felt her fingers graze the bare skin of my waist. Shivers ran through me at her touch. I needed more. I pulled away to look at her, my best friend. I didn't even remember the man who had betrayed me a mere hour before. He didn't matter now. He'd never mattered, really. I was coming to realize that he'd just been a place holder for the love that sat before me now. 

Maggie and I were breathing hard and couldn't help but smile. She laughed just then and it was her laugh that did it. That sweet, adorable giggle that I'd always loved so much convinced me that there was no going back. 

I slowly gathered the bottom of my shirt and pulled it over my head. I was so nervous for her to see me, which was ridiculous. We'd changed in front of each other a million times before. But this was different. I needn't have worried, though. I watched the amusement in eyes turn to lust as she stared at my breasts, covered only by a layer of red lace. Thank god I'd put on a good bra tonight! My breasts were probably the one (well, two) features that I knew were definitely not plain. I have really great tits. DD cups that were somehow still perky. Maggie had complimented them before, but my body still thrilled to watch her lick her lips as she reached for them. 

"Ahhhh," I sighed when her soft fingers found my nipples through the lace. As Maggie kneaded my breasts, pinching and pulling my nipples, I rolled my head back with a gasp. She took that opportunity to kiss my exposed neck. "Maggie," I mumbled in my pleasure-filled haze. 

She trailed soft kisses up my neck until she was nibbling on my earlobe. "You like that?" She whispered in my ear, the soft timbre of her voice dripping with seduction. I'd told her once that my ears were sensitive spots for me. Seemed that she remembered. 

"God yes," I exhaled. 

She giggled again and flicked her tongue across my earlobe and I couldn't take it anymore. I reached for Maggie's shirt and ripped it over her head. I reached up with both hands and pushed her shoulders gently, but forcefully until she was laying on the couch. Then I climbed on top, straddling her. 

"Mmmm," she practically growled with a grin. "I like this side of you!"

"Oh, yeah?" I grabbed her wrists and pinned them above her head. Then I took her mouth with mine. This kiss was anything but gentle. It was hard, fevered, demanding. And it was hot as hell! 

Maggie bucked her hips up against mine and I groaned into her mouth. That only seemed to stir her up more and before long we were dry humping like fucking rabbits. 

I let go of her wrists to unhook and remove my own bra. Then I pulled Maggie up into a sitting position so I could take hers off, too. I was usually submissive in bed, and considering this was my first girl-on-girl experience, I had no idea where all this dominance was coming from. But Maggie seemed to like it and I was feeding off of her lust. 

With Maggie's breasts bared to me I pushed her back down again to drink them in. They were about a C cup, just enough to fill your hand, or your mouth if you were so inclined. Her nipples were already hard as rocks, and they were pierced with small silver rings that I thought were sexy as hell. I wanted to tease her a little but I was too fucking turned on to wait. I wasted no time taking her nipple into my mouth. She cried out and threw her head back as I sucked it hard, while flicking it with my tongue. I reached up to roll the other nipple in my fingers. "Fuck!" Maggie screamed. 

Her fingers went to my jeans, fumbling with the button while I distracted her with my fingers, tongue, then teeth as I lightly bit the hard nipple in my mouth before switching sides. "Jesus, you're good at that," Maggie said as she finally got my button undone and pulled down my fly. She anxiously pushed my waistband down and made a frustrated groan when she couldn't get them down any further. I laughed before standing to take them off. Thank god she was only wearing a skirt. I yanked it off quickly before pulling her up with me into another kiss. 

There I was, standing there with my best friend, each of us clad in only our panties. Mine were red lace to match my bra and hers were cute little blue boyshorts that left the bottom of her ass cheeks exposed just enough to drive me wild. I cupped her sexy ass as we stood there making out, pulling her into me. 

Maggie reached between us and slid her hand between my legs, caressing my inner thigh and drawing a loud gasp from me. 

"My turn to play," Maggie said, a devilish gleam in her eye. 

She slowly dropped to her knees and softly explored my sex, her fingers sliding up and down my slit through the soaked lace. I trembled with desire and anticipation. Her finger found my hardened clit and my knees shook. It took more strength than I knew I had to remain standing when her tongue replaced her finger. 

Maggie must have been anxious to really get to the goods because she tore at the lace and ripped straight through my panties. I cried out when she dove in, her tongue lapping all the way up my slit. "Fuck! God!"

Maggie's moan was muffled but the vibration further heightened my pleasure.

She inserted her tongue deep into my center and wiggled it around until she found the sensitive spot she knew would drive me wild. 

"Oh god! Yes! Don't stop!" I knew I was being loud but I didn't care. 

"Fuck yes, that feels so good! Tongue fuck my tight little pussy!" I threw my head back and tugged on my own nipples. I could feel my climax nearing already. 

Maggie's hands gripped my ass hard and she pulled me to her until her face was completely buried in my pussy. 

"Goddamn, fuck, yes, oh, fuck, Maggie, GOD!" A string of curses poured from my mouth as pleasure coursed through me. I grabbed Maggie by her hair and began to grind on her face. I could feel her tongue moving inside me, her fingernails digging into my ass cheeks, and the pressure building up inside me all at once. It was the most intense pleasure I'd ever experienced. 

Maggie pulled her face away to drink in a few breaths of air. "I want you to smother me with that delicious cunt and cum all over my fucking face" she growled before diving back in. 

"Fuck! Ah! You've got filthy little mouth on you, baby." I gyrated harder on her face and found myself enjoying a little dominance. 

My cunt was so wet I could hear the sloppy sounds it made sliding back and forth. And Maggie lapped it up like she was dying of thirst. 

"Only a dirty little slut would let me smother her with my pussy. Is that what you are?" I yanked her back by her hair and she gasped for air. "Are you a slut?" I demanded. 

"Yes!" She responded quickly, lust raging behind her eyes. "I'm your dirty, filthy, nasty little slut! Use my mouth like the whore I am!"

"Then finish eating my pussy, slut!" I yelled as I dragged her back between my thighs. This time I wasn't letting go until I came. "Fuck! I'm so close! Tongue fuck me, baby. Yes! Jesus, God, just like that! I'm going to cum so fucking hard all over your pretty little face! Are you ready for it slut?"

Her only response was a muffled, lust-filled groan. The pleasure was almost too much! I couldn't take it! My knees began to shake and all my muscles clenched. I couldn't speak, couldn't make a sound as the pressure built higher and higher, until it exploded in a massive wave of ecstasy.

"Fuck!" I cried, and felt a dam burst. I pulled Maggie tighter against me and began grinding uncontrollably as I felt a flood of juices pour out of me. Maggie swallowed as much as she could. It seemed like it would never stop. I continued to shake and felt another, smaller, orgasm hit me. "I'm squirting all over your pretty little face! Fuck yes, slut, drink it up! Fuuuuuuuck! I moaned as I finally started to come down. 

I fell to the floor, shaking, and grasped my pussy with both hands, trying to soothe it after such an intense orgasm, er, orgasms. Maggie fell beside me taking deep breaths, gasping for air. Oops. 

I chuckled softly. "Sorry, baby, you ok?"

Maggie faced me with a grin. "Ok? Are you fucking kidding me? I've never been better!" She rolled me on top of her and my lips crashed against hers. 

When she pulled away I let out a shaky sigh, still catching my breath. "I wasn't too rough, was I?"

"I like it a little rough," Maggie answered. She promptly swatted my ass as proof. 

I squeaked in response. "Ok then, my naughty little vixen. I'll have to punish you for that."

Maggie's eyes danced at my suggestion. I disregarded her half-hearted protests of "Oh no, please, don't!" Even as she said them, she grinned from ear to ear and wriggled beneath me in delight.

I traced a finger up her skin, starting from her sexy belly, around her navel, and watched as the goosebumps that followed my finger to her chest, between her gorgeous breasts, and up to her neck. I softly stroked her from the hollow of one side of her throat to the other. Maggie gasped and closed her eyes. I bent my head and left featherweight kisses all across her neck. While I was doing this, I intertwined my fingers with her own and raised them above her head. She did not resist. She was like putty in my hands...and lips. 

I trailed my kisses further up the side of her face. When my lips reached her ear I stopped. I said nothing, simply breathed into her ear. I felt her chest rise and fall as she panted beneath me. Her hips bucked up against mine. 

I held her hands above her head with my left hand, and with my right, I gently grasped her throat. She moaned and ground her sex against me. I applied a little pressure, just enough to excite her, and spoke softly into her ear. "Have you been a bad girl?"

Maggie moaned and continue to writhe beneath me, but said nothing.

I grasped her throat tighter. "Answer me, slut."

"Yesss," Maggie breathed. "I've been a bad girl."

"And what happens to bad girls?" I flicked my tongue against her ear and felt her whole body tremble. 

"They get punished," Maggie whimpered. 

I let go of her throat and moved my hand between her legs. 

"Oh!" Maggie cried out when I slid my finger into her slit. 

"Mmmm, your pussy is drenched, my pet." I pushed inside of her, feeling my own pussy leak when she clenched around my finger. "Why are you so wet? Does it turn you on to imagine me punishing you?"

"Yessss," she breathed.

I withdrew my finger and Maggie whimpered in protest. I lifted it to her lips. She looked at me for a second before parting her lips, and sucking my finger into her mouth. She licked her own juices clean, keeping eye contact the whole time. Fuck, she was so sexy! I leaned down to get a taste for myself, my kiss hard and demanding. 

I sat up and licked my lips. "Yummy. I think I want more." I slid off of her and moved between her thighs. She was completely shaved, allowing me to see every inch of her pretty pink pussy that was now mine to explore. I kissed her mound and sucked one of her lips into my mouth. I ran my hand across her as I nibbled her inner thigh.

"Please!" Maggie moaned. 

I thrilled at the exclamation, and at my ability to make her beg. 

"Don't tease me, baby. I'm so wet for you. I want you so bad."

"But you haven't received your punishment yet," I replied. 

"Punish me then! Please. I deserve it."

"Why?" I asked. I licked my way up her slit and heard her long, slow moan. 
