 This is my first submission... Don't be too mean!

*

It was just another boring office Christmas party. The only things that made these things worth going to were the networking opportunities and Lila. Lila and I were instant friends from the first day I started at the firm. She had taken me under her wing and showed me the ropes. Soon, we started hanging out outside of work—shopping, movies, dinners. Although we couldn't be more different, we were best friends. When I started my job a year ago, I was a twenty year old newlywed. I'm now 21, but still the same dark-haired, dark-eyed, flat-chested girl I was then. She, a single and successful thirtysomething. Unlike me, she is quite well-endowed, and is gorgeous with her brown hair and blue eyes. We talked about anything and everything. She knew about all the ups and downs of my marriage with the unsatisfying sex and unsatisfying emotional connection, and I knew about her many failed relationships and flings she had with various women. Yes, I said that correctly. Women. Lila's a lesbian. Yet another place where we differ greatly. I had never been with a woman and she got with a new one often.

I grabbed two champagnes off a passing caterer's tray and headed over to Lila. 

"Hey," I said, smiling and handing her a glass of champagne.

"Hey, yourself," she replied, as she accepted my offering. "Where's Alex?" she asked about my husband.

"I love him enough not to force him to come to one of these awful shindigs."

Lila laughed, as she took a sip of champagne. "Oh God, Katie! I need to give you your Christmas present," Lila said, placing her glass on someone's desk.

"Yeah, that reminds me. I need to give you yours too. It's in my purse."

"Why don't you step inside my office?" Lila asked with a wink.

I followed Lila through the crowd of mingling coworkers into her office. Lila closed the door behind us and headed to her desk. I assumed my usual spot and sat on her desk with my legs dangling off the side. Lila rummaged through her drawers; I searched my purse.

"Okay, it's kind of a gag gift, but it's also quite practical," Lila said, as she clutched a wrapped box.

"Mine is too."

We exchanged the presents and both started unwrapping.

"Oh my gosh. No way!" we said in unison.

We both had gotten each other identical vibrators.

"Well, I guess this shows how sexually frustrated both of us are," Lila laughed.

"That's for sure," I agreed, fingering the box that held the vibrator. "Alex would flip if he knew I owned one of these."

"Of course he would! He has that typical male complex of being the only one that's allowed to sexually please his woman. The only problem is that the typical male isn't successful in pleasing his woman."

I laughed. "He's pleased me before..."

"Riiiight," Lila said with much skepticism. "When's the last time he gave you an orgasm? Two months ago?"

"No!" I said defensively.

Lila raised an eyebrow.

"Three months ago," I sighed.

"Honey, that's sad. You at least need to get a good one night stand. You can't be blamed for cheating if he isn't giving you what you need," Lila said, as she rested her hand on my thigh.

Her hand sent tingles up my leg straight to my pussy and her eyes pierced me to my core.

"Um, I think I had too much champagne," I said, quickly standing up.

"Are you sure it was the champagne?" 

I could feel Lila's eyes gauging my reaction. I bit my lip and looked away. Lila stepped closer and brushed some stray hairs out of my face and behind my ear.

"Lila—"

Before I could say anything or stop her, I felt Lila's lips on mine. They were soft and sweet and her kiss was better than any I had ever had before. Despite my better judgment, I began kissing her back. It had to be the champagne. Her tongue snuck into my mouth, as she grabbed my head and pulled me in closer and deeper. I had one hand in her hair and the other softly brushing her side. Lila grabbed my ass hard. I moaned into her mouth. Lila broke our kiss and latched her mouth onto my neck.

"Lila, Lila," I sighed.

"Yes, babe?"

"I-I can't do this. I'm married."

"Of course you can do this. You need this. Just trust me," she whispered into my neck, as she slid a hand down my ass and to my pussy.

I felt her fingers playing with my pussy lips and knew she could feel how wet I was even through my thong.

"Mmmmm, baby. You are so fucking wet. See, you can do this. You want this. Tell me how much you want it," Lila moaned.

"I want it. I want you. I need you!" I begged.

Lila groaned and ripped my thong down my legs. I obligingly stepped out of it. She pushed me back onto her chair, and straddled me. Lila licked her lips, as she began kissing me again. Her hands went to my nipples. 

"I want to see them, baby," she said into my mouth.

I quickly pulled my mouth away from hers. "No! I don't even let Alex see them."

"Why?"

"Because..." I blushed. "Well, you know I don't have much."

"You don't have to be ashamed," she said, as she resumed kissing my neck. She began kissing lower, getting closer to my breasts. 

Lila lowered the straps down my arms and my small breasts were, for the first time in my life, exposed to someone else.

"They're beautiful," Lila said, kissing each of my nipples before swirling her tongue over each. "You're beautiful," she said before she kissed my mouth.

I finally let my hands explore her body. I felt her breasts through her dress.

"God, they're so big," I sighed in awe.

"You're good at this, baby," she moaned, as she pulled her slip dress up over her head and tossed it across the room. 

I took in the sight as Lila took my hands and placed them over her bare breasts. I tweaked her nipples and massaged the fleshy globes. Lila helped me out of my dress, making us both completely naked.

"I need to feel your pussy, baby," Lila groaned, as her hands slowly drifted down my body.

Her hands lightly brushed my upper thighs and her fingers caressed around my pussy, but they did not touch it.

"Please, don't tease me," I begged.

Lila smiled down at me, as she went for my clit. I moaned loudly, my hips thrusting up to meet her touch more fully. She slowly dipped her two fingers into my wet hole. 

"You are so fucking tight!"

She pulled her fingers out and let them dance over my clit, moistening it. Removing her fingers from my cunt, she moved them towards her mouth and tasted my honey from off of them.

"Mmmm, you taste so good. I'm going to need a better taste."

Lila de-straddled me and got onto her knees in front of the chair I was sitting on. Her hands rubbed my thighs as she looked up at me, smiling. I bit my lip, as she moved her face to my pussy. I felt her lips and tongue hit my cunt and lips and I groaned. Her tongue slipped into my pussy, as she placed a finger onto my clit. She began to explore my pussy with her mouth. I put my hand lightly on the back of her head, encouraging her. Lila removed her tongue from inside me and attached her mouth to my clit. She nibbled at my clit, as she shoved two fingers into me.

"I cannot believe how tight you are!

"It's from months of no sex."

Her fingers curled inside my wetness and hit my g spot. I came instantly. 

"Lila! Oh, God! Lila! Fuck yeah!" I moaned.

Lila smiled up at me, as the last few shudders went through my body. I pushed Lila back onto the floor. 

"My turn," I said. My voice was husky from my orgasm.

I shimmied down her body. I was face-to...well... with my first pussy. 

"It's beautiful," I sighed, as I pulled her labia apart with my fingers.

I lightly licked her clit. I moaned as I tasted her wetness on my tongue. I sucked slowly on her clit and rubbed a finger over her wet hole. 

"I'm already so close from eating you out. Please, just shove your tongue inside me and let me cum on your face!"

What else could I do but oblige? I swirled my tongue over her pussy and dipped it into her honey hole.

"Fuck! Yes, Katie!"

I began to fuck her pussy with my tongue, as I softly stroked her clit. I felt her pussy clench on my tongue and her body tighten. A rush of her cum flooded over my tongue and into my mouth.

"Mmmm... Get up her, baby, and give me a kiss."

I kissed Lila's lips and let all of our juices mix between our mouths. Lila groaned and rolled over putting her on top of me. Lila lifted my legs a little and put one leg over her body. She wiggled closer to me and I could feel her pussy lips brush my clit.

"Oh, God," I sighed.

Lila began thrusting her hips into me like she was fucking me. I could feel our pussies and clits sparking wet heat between us. Her pussy slid up and down mine easily from all of the wet juice. I began meeting her thrusts, and moaned. Our thrusts got faster and faster as the need to cum got stronger and stronger. I pulled her closer to me, feeling her breasts on mine, and screamed into her neck. She moaned into my hair as we both came violently. My fingernails dug into her back, as she bit my neck. 

Lila pulled her head away from me, panting and smiling. "Isn't friction amazing?"

Lila grabbed my thong and wiped it up and down my wet pussy, and then quickly shoved it in her purse.

"A little souvenir," she said with a wink.

"What about you?" I asked. "Do you need me to lick you clean?"

Lila smiled. "As much as I'd love that, I'd rather drip and dry. Another little souvenir."

"Well, I guess we better get back to the party."

Lila and I quickly helped each other to get dressed and look semi-presentable. 

"Katie! We forgot to use these!" Lila gasped, holding up the twin vibrators.

"Next time," I smiled.

Lila smiled back, and walked toward me. She quickly kissed me and pinched my ass.

"And next time I'll need to spank this."

We left her office to see all of our coworkers staring at us with their jaws dropped.

"Oops, and I guess next time we'll need to be more quiet too," Lila whispered into my ear.