 This, as its name hints, is actually a sequel to "Gift from Mother Christmas". While it is possible to read on its own, elements will make more sense if read after the first story. I should also warn that this is a long tale and a romance as much as a sex story.

And so, for this second part of the story of my life, the summer of 1997, I face a problem: how to tell it? I tried to tell it as I did my first tale but, unlike the story of my meeting with the mysterious Kris, the events of that summer aren't easily told from just my viewpoint. And why should I limit myself in that way when, over the years, I have learned more of what others thought and did?

For a while I considered writing this as a play (an obvious idea, for reasons that will become clear) but decided that would be too hard on you, my dear reader and so, in the end, settled for writing some chapters from other people's viewpoints and not just mine. I hope they can forgive me for taking their voices.

I might have called this "The adventures of Suzie Peterson" or some such but decided that I wanted to echo the title of "A Gift from Mother Christmas" and, as this year is the 400th anniversary of his death together with the events that happened, "A Gift from the Bard" seemed very appropriate.

+ - + - + - + - + - + - + - + - + - + - + - + - + - + - + - +

Chapter 1: A Letter from Emmy

Suzie

As usual, I jump down the last two steps in Longmead House, the halls of residence in which I'm living at Bristol University, push through the door to the lobby and walk over to the mailboxes to check the one for 7C. Cool! There are two letters for me, one interesting white one and one a less cool brown one. Not surprisingly, the brown envelope is a disappointment -- a letter from my local library back home reminding me, yet again, that the book I'd borrowed months ago -- Shakespeare: the life and times of the Bard of Avon - is overdue. I sigh; the book's upstairs so I could take it back but I think I'll find it useful again next year as my English degree course has another module on Shakespeare in the second year. Perhaps I should just tell the library I've lost the book and pay for it.

The letter in the white envelope is much more exciting as I can immediately recognise the handwriting: it is from my oldest and, maybe -- despite all that's happened -- still my best friend, Emily-Rose. Most people call her Emily, a few call her Em, but to me she was and is Emmy and we have been best friends since we were at primary school together. We were so close as to be almost inseparable, even sharing birthday parties as our birthdays fall on consecutive days in December. 

Getting any letter is nice, usually, but I like the ones from Emmy the best. I take out the letter to begin reading immediately.

