 This is a continuation of Ella's story. She is a real person (as is Gabrialla) and chapter 2 moves from fact to her fantasies. The story focuses on a dominant interracial lesbian theme. If this is not to your taste, thank you for stopping by but please pass on this and move onto a different story. 

ELLA

Ella stood in front of her bedroom mirror. She twisted one way and then the other, checking out the way she looked. It was scandalous. She might be an exhibitionist, but she couldn't possibly wear the dress that Miss Gabriella had just sent her. This was too outrageous, even for her.

The packaging still lay strewn about the room and she brushed some with her foot as she took a step back. No ... she couldn't possibly wear this!

The laced V-neck extended all the way down below her pierced belly button, leaving most of her breasts on display. If she was careful, she could keep her nipples covered, but the way they poked through the material left little to the imagination. As for the back, the top to bottom gap held together by the criss-cross lacing left most of her naked ass on show!

The lurid bright pink heels that had arrived with the dress were equally provocative. The pink strap criss-crossed up her calves and the platform sole was so high that she struggled to balance with each step. 

She'd never looked as slutty...

She held her hands above her head, loving the way the blue dress hugged her curves as she posed this way and that. My God, she'd have to wear the dress and shoes when she went clubbing with the girls one night. She'd be the centre of attention.

The thought excited her even more. She locked her fingers behind her head and ground her hips like a lap dancer as she watched her reflection in the mirror. 

Miss Gabriella would approve!

The instructions that had accompanied the packages were clear. She was to wear the dress and shoes when she visited Gabriella in Croydon this weekend. The invitation had taken her by surprise ... but somehow it didn't seem like an invitation. It felt more like a command. 

The thought of returning to her home town was as exciting as it was nerve racking. She hadn't returned since she had escaped the area and there were a few people she had been glad to see the back of. But then, she'd be seeing Miss Gabriella again! Hopefully she would explain why she'd come to Brighton to search for her.

That's what she'd said. She'd come for her...

Recollections of their encounter came flooding back. It had been everything she'd ever imagined. Fuck, it had been even more than that. High on ecstasy, she'd drifted in and out of sleep but each time Miss Gabriella had awoken her and demanded more. The drowsier Ella was, the more demanding she had become. 

Was there anything that hadn't been asked of her?

Except that Gabriella hadn't asked ... she'd taken as if it was her right.

Ella had licked her to several more orgasms ... had lain obediently still while she'd ground her black pussy on her face ... and had even responded to her demands for ass worship. Ella had always hated that thought but with this woman the act of complying so willingly had been so fucking hot. 

As the night had worn on, she'd surprised herself over and over again by the way she'd so easily complied with the older woman's lewd wishes.

And when her own body had craved relief, Gabriella had allowed her to finger herself to orgasm. More than once. The older woman had propped herself up on the bed as Ella had masturbated. Oh fuck, she could still see that superior, cold, and yet incredibly hot look in her eyes as she'd watched. Her expression had remained the same, superior and detached, as Ella had fingered herself.

Gabriella's naked body, her aroma, her attitude and her dominance had all aroused Ella beyond belief. And the older woman had continually whispered dirty things to her as she made Ella submit to yet another sexual indignity. 

The younger girl was her bitch and a whore, a little white slut whose only purpose was to be used by black women. And that was just as well because she knew how much Ella craved black pussy. She'd always known that, she'd said.

The words had found their way inside Ella's head. 

It was true, she knew. Being brought up among so many strong black women had fed her libido. And ever since the night she'd spent with Miss Gabriella, she couldn't go for five minutes without thinking of her need to serve. She even looked at the black girls at work in a different way. Imagining, letting her thoughts wander...

Oh fuck! The growing heat between her legs was impossible to ignore. 

She removed the dress in what seemed like seconds. Yanking open the drawer of her bedside cabinet, she pulled out her trusty pink vibrator and then collapsed on the bed. If she lay just so, she could see her reflection in the mirror.

She stared at her reflection as she lewdly spread her legs, sliding them as far apart as she could. She felt like a pornstar ... wanted to be one. 

My God, she was so wet. 

She let out a second moan as she switched on the vibe and slid the eight inches of pure joy deep inside her needy sex. Oh yesssss! She savoured the vibrations for a while and then tilted the toy slightly to vibrate against her clitoris. She almost passed out with the sensation and the thoughts inside her pretty little head. 

She gurgled with joy. That had been a phrase that Gabriella had used and it stuck in Ella's mind. Her pretty little head, she'd said. It sounded so cute and sexy.

If only Gabriella could see her now. The older woman had teased her with talk of her strap-on. She raised her hips at the thought and thrust the pink phallus deeper. In her mind's eye, the black woman was on the other end of the cock, whispering dirty things again as she fucked her. 

"Little Ella's a bitch ... a slut ... a whore," she'd chanted. "Little Ella wants to serve ... Little Ella craves black pussy..."

Even now, the phrases repeated over and over in her head.

She slid deeper into the mattress and thrust her hips upwards. Was this how she'd feel when Gabriella was fucking her? One hand rose to her right breast, her fingers caressing her sensitive nipple as she began to piston the vibrator in and out. What had started as a slow tease had quickly changed to an uncontrolled frenzy. 

Behind her closed eyelids she could actually see that curvy black body with the big phallus thrusting from her loins. They weren't making love. Gabriella was fucking her doggie style. It was dirty and nasty and wonderful. It was pure lust and control. 

It was exactly what Ella needed.

The black hips thrust forward again, driving the huge strap-on further into her. She raised her hips from the bed and moaned. She was helpless, at the woman's mercy. Being so used, so out of control, was so different to her normal life. The images in her mind sent waves of pleasure circling around her body.

She shut her eyes, revelling in the fantasy.

She could see herself but she was different. Her hair was bigger, much bigger and voluminous, back combed to increase the height. Her makeup was black and much thicker than normal, framing her eyes. Her huge hoop earrings swung from her ears with each thrust. Her cherry red painted lips were open and she was gasping with each powerful pump from those sexy black limbs.

Gabriella was thrusting harder into her now ... harder and harder as her own frenzy built up. Her hands clawed at Ella's hips, holding her in place. 

Ella heard a rhythmic chanting and realised the sound was coming from her own lips. Her eyes rolled. She was out of her own control in her own fantasy. She was at Miss Gabriella's mercy now. The dominating woman was using her like an object—her object. She'd taken hold of Ella's hair extensions for leverage and was yanking her head back as she thrust harder, ignoring the whimpers of pain and pleasure.

She was talking to her, too ... whispering in her ear...

"Cum for me, you little white slut. That's it ... like that ... cum for me whore. Cum for your Mistress..."

Ella instantly lost control, squealing aloud as the crashing orgasm tore through her. It was incredible, unbearable, as if she was about to lose her mind. She collapsed back onto the bed, heart racing, her entire body trembling as the waves caressed her insides, receded, and then returned. 

When eventually the earthquake began to subside, her eyes began to open. The reflection she saw in the mirror opposite made her shudder in shame and, yes, lust. 

There wasn't anything she wouldn't do for that woman.

CLEO

Ella's anticipation had been building throughout the journey to Croydon. Every eye had been on her—and why not? The bootylicious dress and platform shoes had seen to that. Her heavy, dark mascara and big silver hoop earrings complemented the look, and the cherry red glossy lipstick added a provocative pout.

Miss Gabriella's instructions on her appearance had been extremely specific and she'd followed them to the letter. The only thing missing had been a change in hairstyle and even that was being taken care of. 

The hairdressers' appointment was Miss Gabriella's present to her for dressing as instructed. 

The black girl who'd cut her hair—Cleo—was young but had known what she was doing. And she was hot!! Her full breasts pushed against the tight tee-shirt and that short black mini skirt displayed most of her fabulous legs. 

She had this sassy way of moving as she'd styled Ella's hair and the constant brushing of her body against Ella's had the young girl constantly shuffling in her seat. Maybe it was the anticipation of seeing Gabriella shortly, but Ella had found her temperature rising with each soft contact. 

Once the new hairstyle had begun to take shape, Ella's excitement had increased further. It was exactly the effect she'd wanted. Cleo had styled her hair into a different shape and then back combed it so that it stood high on her head. 

The effect was perfect...

The young hairdresser's eyes caught hers—again—as she watched her in the mirror. How many times had she caught her staring at her body?

"So," she grinned. "You're visiting Gabriella?"

The way she asked the question made Ella sit up and take notice. Was there a hint of playfulness in her tone? Did she know something she didn't? She tried to maintain her composure despite the goosebumps she suddenly felt.

"Yeah, that's right." "You've known her for long, hun?"

"No ... well, yes ... well, sort of..."

Damn. So much for keeping her composure!

"I ... I used to live around here. The gang ... people ... I knew used to call into her newsagents from time to time."

"How long is it since you were in the area?"

She shrugged. "Oh, it's getting on for a year now, I guess."

"Why did you leave?" Ella hesitated. It could be idle chit-chat but it felt more like the girl was leading up to something. There was definitely a glint in her eyes. She instantly felt defensive, but quickly shrugged off the implication in Cleo's voice. She had nothing to hide, and the young girl was probably asking as it was something they had in common. 

"I ... I got a job in Brighton. So, er, naturally I had to move down there."

It wasn't quite the truth, but it would do.

"Do you like it there, hun?"

"Yeah, it's great. It's much more laid back than Croydon. And there's always something going on, you know, clubs and the like. I love it..."

"But you're okay coming back to live here?"

Ella's face creased in puzzlement. Clearly the girl had got the wrong end of the stick. She turned her head sideways to look directly at her rather than through the mirror.

"I'm only here for a long weekend, Cleo. I'm going back on Monday."

The smile on the girl's face widened and a shiver ran through Ella. Her eyes seemed to stare right through her. She was missing something here. What was it? For a few moments the silence between them ate away at the atmosphere in the room.

It was Ella who broke it. "Do you know Gabriella?" 

The young hairdresser laughed softly and gently turned Ella's chair back so that she was facing the mirror again. When their eyes met, she leant forward so that the young girl's head was cushioned between her breasts.

"Oh, yes, of course I do." Her voice seemed to purr. "I work for her from time to time. You know, when business is particularly good." 

"Business?" Ella was bemused. This wasn't making sense at all. "You work at the newsagents?"

Cleo stepped away and threw back her head as she laughed.

"No, not in the newsagents. I'm sure Gabriella will explain it all to you when she's ready."

She placed the comb in her hand onto the tray and cut off further conversation on the topic by nodding at the mirror.

"We're all finished here. So tell me hun, what do you think of your new hairstyle?"

Ella's gaze turned back to her reflection in the mirror. Her heart instantly began to beat faster. The end result made her look completely different ... like a complete sex kitten. She adored the look. Her hair stood up high on her head, back combed away from her forehead and complementing her dark lined eyes. A shudder of pleasure flooded through her. This was the effect Gabriella wanted.

"It's incredible," she murmured, turning her head one way and then the other. "You've done a brilliant job, Cleo. I don't know how to thank you."

"You don't?"

The black girl raised an eyebrow as she spoke and sexily cocked her hip as her gaze found Ella's. She removed the black hairdressing cloak and brushed some hair from Ella's soft skin before she turned towards a door at the rear of the salon. 

"Come with me," she said over her shoulder.

*

The small office was barely big enough for the tiny desk and small chair. Cleo flopped down onto the seat, her legs carelessly splayed apart.

"Close the door behind you, hun."

The girl's voice was casual and yet commanding.

Ella nervously pushed it shut behind her. The soft music from the salon filtered into the small room but otherwise the only sound was the soft click as the door self-locked behind her. Cleo's short black skirt had ridden up her thighs and she found her eyes drawn to the cream thong so provocatively on display.

"You asked how you could thank me..."

Ella pulled her eyes upwards to meet the girl's knowing stare, trying to keep them anywhere other than between those young black thighs.

Cleo responded by shooting Ella a look, one that said she understood her inner turmoil. Her lips curled up at the ends in amusement as she rose to her feet. 

"Miss Gabriella paid for the appointment..."

Her fingers went underneath her short skirt. She dragged her thong down her thighs and shimmied out of it. Ella watched, a rabbit caught in the headlights, as she kicked it away and then sat down again. 

"But she left the gratuity to you..."

She raised the sole of her right foot and placed it on the top of the curved chair arm. When she repeated the action with her left foot, splitting herself open, her skirt dropped to her waist. The full lips of her dark labia were lewdly displayed.

"Come here, hun..."

Ella stood transfixed. She leant back against the door behind her to prevent her weak legs from collapsing altogether. Her skin tingled. Her sex moistened. There wasn't any way she was going to ... but Cleo was sexily crooking a finger at her, beckoning her forwards...

Almost before she realised what she was doing, she'd pushed forward from the door and sunk to her knees. Her high heels scraped the floor behind her. Cleo's eyes sparkled in triumph. With a growl, she took her right leg from the top of the chair arm and curled it around Ella's neck. 

"Come to Cleo, little girl," she whispered, using the back of her heel to gently pull her head to the Promised Land. 

Ella almost fainted at the words, but there was no time to dwell on them. The young hairdresser's black pussy was calling her and she couldn't resist.

As lips met lips, she slowly trailed her tongue along the girl's labia. Her taste was every bit as wonderful as Gabriella's. She paused for a moment, savouring the taste on her cherry red lips as she stared upwards. Cleo's heel instantly pulled her back again.

"Don't stop, baby," she commanded.

Ella almost melted. Her hands curled up and around Cleo's black thighs. The difference in their colour was every bit as intoxicating as it had been with Gabriella. She felt dizzy with the contrast.

Tightening her grip, she licked along the full length of the girl's opening again. When Cleo's body jerked, she took each of her labia in her mouth, sucking like she would on a peach. A surge of wetness filled her mouth. The young hairdresser groaned her approval and wrapped her other foot around Ella's back. Her ankles locked together, keeping her in place.

The submissive position fed itself all the way down to Ella's sex. She was an object, there to be used, and some primitive feeling surged up from within. All of a sudden she couldn't hold back. She repeated the long laps of her tongue, making sure she drew her silver stud across the areas she knew were the most sensitive.

Cleo began to moan, softly at first and then more loudly. Ella licked harder, faster, swallowing the free-flowing juices and then returning for more. The girl had raised her butt from the chair and was rotating her pussy against her mouth. Ella stayed with her, gripping more tightly with her long fingernails as Cleo used her face. 

When the girl began to chant incoherently she knew she had what she wanted. She took advantage and began to lick like a madwoman, desperate to bring the girl to her orgasm. It didn't take long. Cleo's humping body suddenly began to shudder and she was screaming out her need.

"Fuuuuuuuuuck......"

GABRIELLA'S FRIENDS

Ella was five minutes late when she arrived at the address. She had expected to be visiting Gabriella at her flat above the newsagent's shop, but it seemed she'd moved on from there? The new address had taken some finding, but she was here now.

She was still on a high from her encounter with Cleo. Had Gabriella set that up? It was difficult to believe that the young hairdresser would have taken such a risk without her permission. Perhaps it was another treat that Miss Gabriella had planned for her, as a reward for being so obedient?

She'd done everything she'd been instructed and she adored her new appearance. She was a slut ... a slut to be used ... a slut to be used by black women. She was like a ... a ... porn star Barbie doll. The thought made her weak at the knees. Perhaps Miss Gabriella would allow her another tattoo. Or even better, another piercing? 

She longed to have her clit pierced.

It was amazing that Gabriella had come looking for her in Brighton. That's what she'd told her. She'd come looking for her—little Ella Parker. She still couldn't believe it. After all those years of secretly longing for this woman!

This weekend, she had the chance to show her just how much of a slut she could be, and then she'd be invited to come back to see her regularly.

Only ... it wasn't Miss Gabriella who answered the door. 

This black woman was a similar age but her body was shorter and thicker. She had the brightest of dyed red hair, smothered in gel and slicked back from her face. She knew the style. Lots of dykes wore their hair that way. 

The woman stood for a moment, her eyes flicking up and down Ella's body as if studying her appearance. She took in the hair, the thick black mascara, the revealing blue dress and the lurid bright pink heels with the ridiculously high heels. Then she nodded in appreciation.

"What's your name, babes?"

"Ella."

"Hey, Gloria," she shouted over her shoulder into the house. "The entertainment's arrived. Some white trash called Ella." She held the door open. "Come in, babes ... come in."
