 Dressed to attract in high fashion and high heels, she arrives inside my bedroom doorway, shyly, almost timidly. Without a word, as if obeying a silent command, she slips off her shoes, enters and quietly closes the heavy wooden door behind her. She sees me, I'm naked; my hard pointy nipples and round luscious breasts are poking out from behind my straight, long blonde hair and my pussy is freshly clean-shaven.

She knows what I want. She has come here, intriguingly, by invitation, to perform a most special gift.

In anticipation all day, I'm excited and my cunt is already wet. Looking at her incredible appearance more love juice gushes out between my thighs. She is truly beautiful, a hot lady and size petite in all proportions. Her dark hair flows across her shoulders. She advances slowly into the dusky room toward the side of the bed after shyly glancing to her right, toward the window. Her flowery perfume is filling the room, totally capturing my attention.

I'm smiling lost in hazy, lustful daydreams; I watch her start to slowly, seductively, pull off her clothes piece by piece, dropping them onto the rug below. The yellow flickering candlelight creates a warm glow on her nearly naked body while dark animated shadows slowly sway on the wooden panelled wall behind her. The incense burning on the antique dresser is starting to mask her perfume as she advances into the room. The heady, smoky scent swirling around us both is relaxing lavender enhancing the atmosphere. Thick heavy tapestry drapes are drawn shut closing the world's eyes on tonight's play. Two grand oak columns at the foot of the old-fashioned four-poster bed hold the fluffy white comforter from falling on the floor. Now standing so close she looks at me with her large brown eyes and waits for her expected orders.

I kneel moving slowly towards her, on the woven bed sheets to the edge the bed, I reach up and gently stroke her glowing rosy, flush-coloured cheeks and caress her soft dark brown hair. Quietly, I whisper into her ear. "Thanks for coming."

My face is close to hers; my closed lips gently brush over her bright, shiny red lipstick. She sensually parts her mouth ever so slightly. Our wet tongues reach out and dance together long before our lips actually touch to kiss, so velvety soft, so sweet. 

I cuddle into her seductive dainty breasts donned with those perky, dark nipples that are ever so prominent against her pale white skin, plain to behold even in this dim lighting. I kiss one and then cup and lick the other. My tongue tastes, enjoys, the feel of her smooth satiny skin followed by her textured areola punctured by her hard, long nipples. My hand glides over the pearl necklace she wears wrapped around her thin waist and falls over her fury mound to fondle her cunt. I shift aside her little, black leather thong whilst I adoringly suck on her tiny hand-sized breast. Licking, wetting, my own two fingers, I part her hot swollen lips and stoke her waiting wet hairy pussy all over. With total abandon, she throws her head back giving a quiet moan. Offering her my fingers, she sucks them taking them into her mouth tasting her own love juice.

I shuffle myself backward towards the middle of the bed, with my back to the pillows, giving her ample room to join me. Lying on her back with her head toward the door legs spread towards me. Offering herself to me, I lower my face to her crotch; I close my eyes and draw-in a heady mixture of salty apple scent that her excited pussy gives off with a swirl of the mild, wet leather panties. Slipping the thong down off her legs, I kiss her belly button 'neath the beautiful oval-shaped silver-yellow pearls. My tongue circles around in the deep abyss. Lying naked against each other's warm bodies we share, caress and enjoy building excitement as we alternately massage our hands and mouths upon our breasts and lips. Flirtatiously, she has applied her bouquet of perfume along her bosom.

I am consumed as I watch as one of my nipples completely disappears inside her lustful red lipstick. Her muscular lips begin to pull my tit away from my chest rhythmically sucking hard. I feel a yank each time she stretches my hard nipple, into her hot mouth. The drag is sexually electrifying, the sensation pulsating down in my clit as though she is already between my legs. I want more. I yearn for even stronger suction with a long moan. She reads my mind and obeys my wicked wish.

Eventually, we entangle ourselves mouth to pussy enjoying a soixante-neuf for mutual satisfaction. With my arms embracing her outer thighs, her legs bent up high openly exposing her most private secrets to me, my fingers are free to play with her hairy cunt. From above, I open her fleshy outer lips wide and lick the folds of her inner light pink cunt, up one side and down the other. My tongue shaped like a small cock is deep inside her spread vagina, lapping, tasting and drinking her milky love juice but I know where I'm expected.

A woman knows what a woman wants. I gently pull back her clit's protective covering and hold it there for easier access. The tip of my flattened tongue circles around her exposed erectness. She smells incredibly delicious. I circle again and she responds with a relaxing sigh. I enjoy the silky feel of her eclipsed skin.

She wants it; she needs it, I want it.

With half of my face encased between her soft lips, buried inside her dark tickling hair, I graze over her delicate clit my gentle tongue sweeping its way up and over. I release my touch and I do it again, stroking up and down. Ever so slowly, again, with feathering brushes I glide over her. I continue teasing her with these creamy little touches. I love licking her; her taste, her smell, that natural scent and her satiny folds. Her body language indicates she wants more as she raises and tenses up her legs.

I lick up and down again and again before swishing my tongue across her bulb sideways back and forth. Up and across faster I eat sucking her clit into my mouth feeling little explosions on my tongue. She moans loudly with excitement. I leave no secret hidden and no skin untouched. Almost roughly I force two fingers deep into her cunt, hunting for, finding her G spot.

All the time I feel the pleasures build in my own clit as we favour each other at the same time. A hot tongue licking and sensual lips sucking my own sensitive bulb have made my legs wiggle and my fleshy cunt is pumping around her fingers desperate for more. There are too many sensations all at once and it is difficult to tell exactly what she is doing to me as I still try to concentrate on playing with her succulent, sodden pussy that I'm so lucky to have today.

Faster I please her, giving her a steady vibration. She moans. I lick. She wiggles. I lick. She raises her legs. I lick. I eat her at the same pace trying to match the growing excitement in my own cunt. Playing with my fingers and teasing with my tongue in alteration, I am in paradise.

Licking and sucking...

Rubbing and stoking...

Moaning and gasping...

As she soon nears the peak of her climax, groaning loudly, I try to keep my tongue focused licking rapidly and directly on her clit, but I've lost the feeling of her little bulb in all her excitement. My excitement. I lick and suck anyway all around her clit's area still pushing my fingers deeper right into the heart of her very soul, just as she is with hers in me. Heated passion is building in both of us. Together our deep breathing has evolved into quick little pants.

Now! Pleasures in my own pussy have risen to the point of no return. My lady's legs begin to tense and shake as I drink her sweetness, as she drinks mine. She arches her back and lets out a scream from deep within her gut while violent tremors erupt from the centre of her body. Shaking turbulently from the waves of sexual enjoyment, I too have come to a rippling orgasm expressing my satisfaction with an ear-piercing scream.

We both collapse, spent, in a hug. Lying together embracing our warm sweaty bodies, we take a few minutes to cool off and collect our thoughts and our breath.

It is time. Our arousal still remains high and demanding of more.

Honey, you sit naked and overjoyed slowly stroking your fully erect cock in the comfy arm chair beside the covered window, almost hidden in the dark, you have been taken completely by surprise by tonight's guest's appearance, the most pleasurable viewing performance you have ever witnessed.

I am ready, now, to invite your hard wanting cock to taste and receive the gift of two women.

To my love.