 This story essentially takes place during Control ch. 4 and depicts what Mary and Shura were up to while Amber and Jessica were with Asha and Leila. The next story will be Jessica's week while Amber is out of town. Thank you everyone who has enjoyed this series and especially to everyone who has made encouraging comments that have convinced me to keep writing it. 

***** 

Mary was still buzzing as she began dressing to leave. It had been quite a day and it had barely begun. She glanced occasionally at Jessica as she lay on the floor with her eyes closing slowly and Shura dressing nearby. Mary said goodbye to Shura, but decided not to disturb Jessica. Mary quickly returned home and decided that Jessica had the right idea and went to her room for a nap. 

Mary awoke several hours later to the sound of The Beatles' "I Wanna Hold Your Hand", laughing softly and not for the first time at her husband's choice of ringtones. Mary grabbed her cell from the end table where she had left it when she came in. 

"Hey, baby what is it? I was taking a nap, how are the little hellions?" Her husband laughed as he responded. 

"Entertaining. Well I was calling because the guys want to put together a soccer game so I thought I would give the kids another couple of hours then take them to you mom's. How's that sound?" Mary smiled she couldn't believe her luck, she thought she would be calling Shura sometime during the week and probably not meeting until the weekend. 

"That sounds good. I was wondering when I would be able to meet up with someone." Her husband's tone turned serious. 

"Oh, what's his name? Should I be jealous?" Mary laughed. 

"First of all her name is Shura and secondly, Joshua Kevin Richards, we both know you don't have a jealous bone in your body." Now it was his turn to laugh. 

"Fair enough. So you finally found someone. How old is she?" Mary frowned. 

"How do you know what I'm going to do?" His laughter was a bit softer this time. 

"Don't forget I knew you in college." Mary smiled as she felt a wave of nostalgia wash over her. 

"Yes, fun times. She's twenty and a college student, but quite mature." Her husband chuckled. 

"Robbing the cradle as well. Alright I've gotta go, Jaime wants to ride the Ferris wheel. Have fun and tell me all about it tonight. Love you." 

"You too." They hung up and Mary lay back to stretch luxuriously. Mary reached again for her phone and pressed the speed dial for Shura. She didn't have to wait long as Shura picked up almost immediately. 

"Mary? What's up? I wasn't expecting you to call so soon." 

"Neither was I, but my husband just called and he's going to play soccer with the guys so, he's taking the kids to my mother's. How about you, are you free Shura?" Shura's voice suggested that she was smiling as she responded. 

"Nothing I would rather be doing." Mary laughed and gave Shura her address, who in turn thought a moment before responding. 

"I should be there in about ten minutes." They hung up and Mary lay back to consider what she was going to with Shura when she arrived. These thoughts were soon interrupted as she realized that she had slept through her usual lunchtime. Mary quickly went to the kitchen to make herself a simple lunch while she waited for Shura. Mary was seated at the kitchen table when the doorbell rang. As she rose to answer the door she laughed at the giddiness she was feeling. Shura stood in the doorway dressed as she was earlier at Jessica's apartment. Mary smiled as she held out a hand to Shura. 

"Hello Shura, come in." Shura followed mirroring the eagerness that Mary felt. "Have you eaten yet, Shura?" Shura shook her head. 

"I'm fine, thanks." Mary stopped and turned to face Shura, a stern look on her face. 

"Young lady that was not the question I asked. I don't like to repeat myself. Now, are you going to answer me...or will I have to take you over my knee." Shura broke into a wide grin as her expression brightened. 

"Is that a promise, Miss Mary?" Mary laughed the rest of the way to the kitchen. 

"Maybe if you're good and don't give me anymore lip little missy." Shura held up a hand. 

"Promise. And to answer your question, no I have not had lunch yet. And before you ask, yes I would like something, but I don't want to put you out. I bow to the 'mom' power." Mary laughed as she made Shura a sandwich similar to the one she was eating and Shura sat at the table. 

"'Mom' power, huh? I'm going to have to remember that for my own kids." As they ate, they talked. 

"So Mary, how many kids do you have?" Mary swallowed before speaking with something of a faraway look in her eyes. 

"Three. Jaime, who is ten and has daddy wrapped around her little finger, Alex, who's nine, and the youngest Greg at seven." She grinned at this last one. "Named for Greg Morris of Mission: Impossible. And your family, Shura?" 

"All back across the pond in the UK. My dad mainly does freelance Russian translation, while my mother works in a chemical lab for a major firm. I have a sister who's currently studying art in Paris, this week anyway. She doesn't really know what she wants, just keeps moving from one vocation the next, so I hardly see her." Mary nodded, she was finished eating so she waited for Shura to finish. 

"Your parents, do they know about your lifestyle." Shura laughed. 

"Submission is a new thing for me, but as for the rest, they've known ever since they came home one day and saw me seated on the couch between a boy and a girl. They were so surprised by the sight of me kissing a girl that they didn't say anything until I turned to kiss the boy. Not something you expect from your thirteen year old. So, what about your husband does he know about your 'lifestyle' as you put it?" Mary nodded and after a moment she laughed. 

"He knows me all too well. We met in college. I had plenty of experience with women, however then as now I still appreciate a man." 

"So you don't regret getting married?" Mary shrugged. 

"Sometimes, when my husband is out of town and I need release. I use my vibrator and wish for those days back, when I had a girl's tongue available at all times." She smiled as she turned back to Shura. "I guess I have that back, don't I?" Shura nodded eagerly. Mary saw that Shura was finished and took care of her plate before turning back to the younger woman. Mary held out her hand as she spoke. 

"Come, I don't normally make love in living rooms." Mary led the way to the bedroom with Shura happily following. As they entered Shura noted the pictures on the dresser of Mary and her family. 

"You have a lovely family and your husband is an absolute cutie." Mary grabbed Shura by the hair pulling her head back until their eyes met. 

"Don't even think about it you little vixen." Mary released and laughed showing she wasn't really angry. Shura's response was to smirk as she spoke. 

"What about a threesome?" Mary frowned for a moment, but shook her head. 

"Maybe. Now strip, slowly." Mary sat on the bed in a comfortable position to watch as Shura slowly removed her clothes revealing her lithe athletic body. Mary laughed at the contrast between the two of them, her with dark skin and Shura quite pale. Despite the slowness of her strip Shura was not wearing much to begin with and so soon stood before Mary, naked. Shura made no move to cover herself as she was not shy and so Mary could see her hardening nipples. Mary, now equally naked, gestured for Shura to come to her and the younger woman kneeled before her. Shura made to lean in between Mary's legs, but she was stopped. 

"No up on the bed." Shura looked surprised, but climbed up as directed. "Now go to it, missy." Shura lowered her head extending her tongue to quickly begin licking Mary's lips from the side. Mary smacked Shura's ass producing a gasp from Shura. Shura pushed her tongue between Mary's lips. Mary continued to spank her, producing moans from the woman between her legs. Shura wagged her ass and tried to push her bottom harder into Mary's hand. Mary's breathing came faster as her orgasm approached and she began to intersperse the spanking with the occasional stroking between Shura's legs. 

Mary could feel Shura's breathing against her lips come with increased speed. The result was that between licks Shura's breath hit her lips with warm pressure. Shura clamped her lips onto Mary's pussy and thrust her tongue between Mary's with speed. Mary now switched to occasional pinching of Shura's lips as Shura switched to thrusting two fingers into Mary's pussy. Mary's breathing increased until it began coming out in moans and Shura's lips clamped onto her clit to suck hard as she continued thrusting. Mary lay back as she removed her hand from Shura and moaned loudly as she came. Mary lay on the bed gasping for breath as Shura lay between her legs, her head resting on one of them breathing softly. Mary smiled and idly played with her breasts for several moments before slowly sitting up and carefully shifting to sit against the headboard of the bed. Mary slowly pulled Shura to her in a deep kiss. Shura attempted to push her tongue into Mary's mouth, but Mary's tongue deftly swirled around hers and Shura quickly found herself overwhelmed. Mary moved a hand between Shura's legs and stroked with speed. Shura couldn't believe how skillfully Mary's fingers played across her cunt lips and even pinched her clit. Mary however stopped and broke the kiss to speak. 

"Lay back. I haven't tasted a woman in years and today I want to make up for lost time. So far I'm on one." Shura laid back and Mary swiftly grabbed her hips and pulled her dripping pussy to her mouth. Shura gasped when her pussy reached Mary's mouth. Shura was desperate to cum, but Mary was in no hurry, clearly she wanted to thoroughly enjoy it. Mary started by kissing Shura's pussy all over and even kissed her thighs. Shura moaned. 

"Please, Miss Mary don't tease me I feel like I could burst." Mary only paused long enough to smack Shura's ass a few times before dipping her tongue into her pussy. Shura cried out, but still the release she desired eluded her. Mary seemed to instinctively know all of the sensitive spots on Shura's cunt. Shura shook as her orgasm built, but Shura was held firmly by Mary, who was quite strong regardless of her appearance. Mary fixed her mouth to Shura's cunt and sucked hard as she was clearly focused on tasting Shura. 

Shura was now shaking hard and her moans were quite loud. Mary smiled as she moved a hand to Shura's clit and began rubbing and pinching in turn, while she kept her mouth on Shura's pussy. Soon Shura's moaning became so high that at times Mary couldn't hear and her mouth was flooded by Shura's cum. Mary had some difficulty keeping up with the juices produced by Shura's pussy, but she nonetheless eagerly slurped it down as some spilled onto her chin. Mary soon released Shura who rolled onto her side by Mary on the bed. Mary rested her head back on the headboard as she considered the wonderful turn her life had taken. 

Hmm, my husband is out town so rarely that I only have a vibrator. I need to go shopping for more toys. Mary couldn't believe how amazing she felt and she couldn't wait until her husband returned home. When she recounted the events of the day they would both be so hot they would be up half the night, luckily it was Saturday. Mary turned to see the clock on the end table and sighed as she remembered that she needed to do some grocery shopping before her husband returned, especially as she was planning to cook dinner. She was tempted to ask Shura to stay for dinner, taking her up on her offer of a threesome. However she shook her head, she was not worried that either would betray her, but she wasn't sure she wanted this to be anything more than occasional fun that remained separate from her regular life. Mary softly patted Shura. 

"Wake up, Shura." Shura stirred looking up at Mary, smiling. Mary shook her head. "Sorry, but I need to go grocery shopping. We'll meet up another day. I don't know when yet." Shura nodded and they took turns in the shower before dressing. Mary kissed Shura and the younger woman was just turning to leave when first Mary's then Shura's phone chimed that they had received texts. They looked at one another as they both realized the texts were both from Amber. 

I'm going out of town this week. Don't let Jessica be alone. Work out what day what day you want to be with her. 

They both responded their understanding and Shura left. Mary thought about the idea of having her boss without Amber. She knew that during the week would be no good, however Friday would be perfect she could invite Jessica for dinner and maybe have her spend the night. Mary checked her schedule for Monday and smiled as she saw that nothing would interfere with her leaving work and immediately going to a sex shop. She made a note to call Amber about which one was best and which toys were best as it had been about ten years since she had last been in one. 

To Be Continued in Control: Jessica's Week