 Thank you to everyone who has read this series and continues to be encouraging. I still have not finished this series. I will be doing three spinoff stories, while I figure out what I want to do with ch. 5. If anyone has any thoughts on this, I welcome them. I will doing one more unrelated story before continuing with this series as I want it to remain fresh without burning myself out on it, but as soon as I finish it I will be doing the first spinoff. Enjoy. 

***** 

"Amber? Well we were planning to stay in, but I would love to meet up. I know Leila will be excited. How about we meet at the club about five and then I know a great little place around the corner where we could get a bite to eat? Nothing fancy." Amber looked at Jessica on the floor smiling as she responded. 

"Perfect. We'll see you then." Amber hung up and stretched languidly as she lay on the couch. It was a couple of hours before they would need to be ready and Amber was happily worn out. She was too tired to move to the bedroom or to lay down with Jessica and so Amber curled up on the couch for a nap. 

Amber stirred and stretched away her stiffness before looking to the floor. Amber laughed softly as she saw that Jessica was still curled up on the floor. Amber reached for her phone to check the time, it was still an hour away from the time she wanted to leave. She decided not to wake Jessica right away and so she took a shower by herself. She came out in to the living room in her robe drying her hair as she sat on the couch. Amber leaned forward patting Jessica. 

"Jessie, time to get up baby." Jessica's eyes slowly came open and she looked around momentarily before sitting up. 

"Yes, mistress?" Amber smiled as she patted Jessica's head. Amber smirked before suddenly groping Jessica's breasts. Jessica's face went momentarily blank before she grinned and pressed herself in to Amber's hands. Amber shook her head frowning. 

"Sorry baby, but I told Asha we would meet her and Leila at five." Jessica looked a bit nervous at the mention of Leila, but she also blushing so Amber concluded that her feelings were mixed. "Do you want to see Leila again Jessie? Are you nervous?" Jessica hesitated before nodding. 

"Both." 

"She was cheeky wasn't she? Well go shower and dress, I would join you but I already showered and there's a stop I want to make first." Jessica quickly moved to the shower and Amber looked through the closest as she obviously needed to find another dress for Jessica. Amber quickly made her way through the few dresses that Jessica owned, clearly Jessica was a bit of a tomboy. The few dresses she owned were conservative types that would be appropriate for business parties, but really no good for clubbing. Amber sighed, Jessica was going to need more work than she had thought. Amber's thoughts were interrupted by Jessica emerging from the shower. Amber turned to her. 

"Change of plans, we need to get you a dress for tonight." Jessica nodded. 

"Won't we be late?" Amber shrugged. 

"I don't know, we'll see what happens." Jessica quickly dressed in jeans and t-shirt, and the two went to Jessica's car and drove to a nearby store that Jessica was sure would have dresses that would please Amber. Once in the store Amber gestured to the changing rooms and she went to the racks. Amber selected three dresses, one green strapless with a slit up the right thigh, one red with small straps, and a black strapless one that was short enough to make Jessica uncomfortable, if she carelessly bent over someone could see everything, especially as she wouldn't be able to wear panties with it. 

Amber smiled at the image, but decided she wouldn't make Jessica wear it right away. Amber gathered up the three dresses and headed to the dressing rooms. Jessica was waiting and took the three dresses without comment and hesitated to close the door, but Amber shook her head. Jessica closed the door and Amber walked to a couch by the door just outside the changing area. She didn't have long to wait before Jessica emerged in the green dress and walked like a runway model showing off to Amber. Amber leered openly at Jessica. 

"Yes, we will definitely get that one. Now keep going we don't have much time." Jessica soon returned wearing the red one and Amber again nodded her approval. Jessica however did not return immediately and Amber thought she would have to go get Jessica, however Jessica poked her head out looking around cautiously. Amber smiled at her pet's nervousness. 

"Jessie the sooner you show me, the sooner you can change." Jessica nodded and slowly stepped out for Amber's inspection. Amber circled Jessica to see how the dress fit, when she stood behind Jessica she suddenly put a hand on Jessica's back. Before Jessica could react, Amber pushed and Jessica found herself bent over and felt the back of the dress rise exposing her to Amber. Amber laughed softly as she put a hand on Jessica's ass causing her pet to gasp. 

"Sorry Jessie I couldn't resist after I picked up the dress." Amber pulled Jessica back upright and carefully smoothed the dress before leaning in to whisper in Jessica's ear. 

"Change quickly and meet me up front, with all three dresses." Amber waited by the register and was certain the salesgirl was giving her knowing looks. Amber thought about where her life had gone in recent weeks, prior to getting this job she had only been a little curious girls as it was difficult not to be as her roommate had no filter and was openly bisexual. However that was the extent of it, now she had a lovely older woman for a pet and two others that served her on occasion. 

The whole thing had started when her boyfriend had dumped her because he thought she was putting on weight. After she told Jessica, her boss felt sorry for her, somehow this sympathy had turned in to lust as she used Amber to get off. Amber had been in shock in the immediate aftermath and when that passed she felt anger. However once she calmed down she felt a desire to make Jessica pleasure her. The plan had primarily been to restrain her boss so she wouldn't have a choice, however she had enjoyed Jessica's flavor. It was only after she had cum and looked down to Jessica's wet face that something changed. 

She would be the first to say that she hadn't fallen in love instantly, but she would slowly admit to this hypothetical questioner that she didn't just want sex, rather she wanted to see how far a relationship could go. Amber still wasn't sure how she had gone from generally submissive to a definite dominant. All that she really knew was that she was happy being on top in this relationship. Amber's thoughts were interrupted as Jessica arrived with the three dresses and quickly paid for them and now Amber was certain that the salesgirl was smirking at them. A thought struck her, but she dismissed it as they were running late. As they walked to Jessica's car Amber pulled out her phone noting that it was only a few minutes to five. After directing Jessica to drive to her dorm, Amber dialed Asha's number. Asha picked up right away. 

"Hey Amber, you on your way? We just got here." 

"Hi Asha, sorry we're going to be a little late Jessie had only one suitable dress, the rest are office professional. We had to buy some new ones. We're heading to my dorm room so that I can change. We'll head over as soon as I do." 

"Good we look forward to it. The anticipation should help keep Leila under control." 

"See you." They hung up and Amber put her phone in a pocket as she waited to arrive. Jessica suddenly broke the silence. 

"Amber, how is this going to go?" Amber nodded. 

"Well I thought Asha and I would talk and we'll probably decide to go to a hotel. I plan to watch you and Leila play. Beyond that, I don't know we may also, but I won't submit to her if that's what you're wondering. Again I will not force you to do anything with them. Although I imagine I won't have to force you to do anything with Leila." Amber grinned as she saw Jessica blush visibly. They arrived and they walked up to Amber's dorm room. Amber walked in and looked around curiously as she saw that Shura was not present. Amber soon found a note on her pillow. 

Mistress 

Mary's children are with her mother and her husband went to play soccer after the amusement park. So, she decided that we would spend the rest of the day together. I promise to call later. 

Shura 

Amber smiled and the two of them changed to go to the club. Amber picked the red dress for Jessica and for herself she picked a slinky black dress that she knew would draw almost as much attention as Jessica's. Once ready Amber called a cab and they rode to the club where they had met Asha and Leila. The two had barely stepped through the door before they saw that Leila was waiting for them, the eager redhead grabbed Jessica's hand and practically dragged her through the club, with Amber following at a sedate pace, until they reached a table overlooking the dance floor. Amber approached to find Asha, arms crossed, expression fierce. 

"Leila, I know you want to play with Jessie, but you were very rude to Amber, remember what happened last night." Leila looked stunned but she quickly released Jessica's hand before turning to Amber. 

"I'm sorry ma'am I didn't mean any harm. She's just so cute." Leila turned back to Asha, eyes downcast hands at her side, the very picture of pathetic apology. Asha tried to continue looking fierce, but her face quickly softened and she pulled Leila into an embrace kissing her pet on the forehead. 

"You brat, you know I can never stay mad at you. Now sit down and behave, I will not be happy if you ruin the evening with further naughtiness. If I let you sit next to Jessie will you behave?" Leila brightened as she looked up, nodding enthusiastically. The four sat at the table, Leila and Jessica on one side, Amber and Asha on the other. Asha leaned in as a particularly loud song had started and it was increasingly difficult to hear. 

"So Amber, how long have you been seeing each other?" Amber arched an eyebrow at the question. Asha laughed as she understood Amber's confusion. "Yes I mean dating, I don't see her as my sex slave. The form of our relationship is obvious, but regardless I love her." Amber nodded. 

"I feel the same and we have been dating for only about a week. It didn't start that way, she had only hired me recently and before that we had never met." Asha nodded as she sipped her drink, waiting as Amber and Jessica ordered drinks of their own. Once the server had departed to get their drinks Asha continued. 

"You haven't been a domme for very long, have you?" Although phrased as a question it was clear that she knew it was true. Amber nodded to Jessica. 

"Just her, I tended to submit to the boys I dated. In a general sense, nothing to this extent, I didn't even know I liked women until I met her." 

"My first was a teacher I met in high school." Asha laughed when she saw Amber's expression. "Oh, not my teacher. I should have said professor as she taught at the local community college and I met her in high school. We didn't start until the summer afterward. I had only dated two boys prior to that and they were pretty normal relationships. She was submissive, but she taught me about being a domme. Leila is the third submissive that I have dated. The previous one I lived with for about five years before it...ended." Asha clearly didn't want to discuss it further and Amber reached to take Asha's hand in a comforting manner, but hesitated as she felt Asha might not appreciate the gesture. Asha quickly shook her head and turned back to Amber. 

"Well enough of that, how goes discipline?" Amber smiled. 

"I have spanked her a couple of times, but it's difficult to say how effective it is?" Asha laughed loudly. 

"I know the feeling, Leila occasionally misbehaves just so I will punish her. I have had to changed tactics, I now refuse to spank her unless she is good. Although if she is really naughty I spank her and then tell her that I will cum until I am satisfied and she will have to wait until the next day before she'll get hers." She sighed as she looked at her pet. "It works for a few days after she gets to cum, but she soon forgets, because she knows she is too cute for me to stay mad." Amber laughed as she nodded. 

"Threatening to keep her pent up seems to have an effect on Jessie as well." 

"So Amber, would you like to continue this at the restaurant?" Amber nodded. 

"Yes, it is hard to hear." Asha stood taking Amber's hand and paid for the drinks despite Amber's protests. Asha led Amber to the door and Amber glanced back to see Leila was in turn leading Jessica as well. Asha led Amber a short distance where they turned a corner and walked for a few minutes before Asha stopped at the door to a small café and walked in followed by the other three women. They sat in a booth, again with Asha and Amber on one side, and Leila and Jessica on the other. They each ordered and Asha continued her conversation with Amber. 

"So, how do you want this to go?" Amber sat back as she considered. 

"How about a motel, I know one close by?" Asha nodded, but said nothing. Amber inhaled slowly before continuing. "I thought we could watch them play, but beyond that I don't know." Asha smiled and they turned their conversation to more mundane matters. It turned out that Asha was a surgeon and Leila was an artist whose paintings were in the local gallery. Although one of her paintings was rather personal and as such was kept in their bedroom. 

"You must visit sometime so I can show you." The food arrived and as they ate Asha occasionally looked across the table suddenly she reached across to grab Leila's arm. 

"Patience, Leila." Amber was startled by Asha's speed and looked to see what Asha was annoyed by. She saw Jessica blushing and watched as Leila pulled up a hand that had obviously been on Jessica's side. Amber didn't know if Leila had been between Jessica's legs or if the hand had merely been resting on one, but the intent was obvious. Amber struggled to stifle a laugh as Asha returned to her meal. 

"Is she always like this?" Asha shook her head and said something under breath that Amber couldn't make out, although she was certain it was a curse. 

"No she's not, although my irritation no doubt suggests otherwise. Actually I usually find her in her studio and usually so focused on her latest work that she has forgotten lunch. Only on the weekends when we go out is she like this. Usually I have to drag her out of the studio." They continued eating as the two domme's kept a close eye their pets. However Leila focused on finishing her food and behaved herself. They soon finished and once again Asha insisted on paying. They hailed a taxi and the four women rode to a nearby motel that was inexpensive, but above board in management. Asha and Amber sat in two chairs positioned with a good view of the bed. 

"Undress." Leila eagerly followed Asha's order, but Jessica looked to Amber who nodded. 

"Treat her orders like mine, but remember what I promised you." Jessica nodded as she began to remove her dress as the now naked Leila watched her strip. Once the two pets were both naked Amber pointed to the bed. 

"Have fun you two, we'll watch." The two sat on the bed, emotions clear, Jessica looking nervous and Leila excited. Leila grabbed the uncertain Jessica and pulled her into a kiss. Jessica slowly recovered and raised her hands to embrace the younger woman. They kissed for some time and Amber could see both women's nipples harden. Suddenly Leila pushed Jessica back on the bed and crouched on top of her as she leaned in to kiss Jessica's neck. Jessica was simply overwhelmed and so lay moaning softly. Leila worked her way down Jessica's body to her breasts where she took the left nipple in her mouth. Leila sucked, nipped and even rolled it around in her mouth before moving to do the same to the other. Amber watch in mild amusement as Jessica pushed on Leila's head as she begged. 

"P-please...stop...move on." Leila patiently switched back and forth between the nipples, ignoring Jessica's pleas. Leila finally stopped playing with Jessica's nipples and began working her way down Jessica's stomach. Leila kissed her way around Jessica's stomach, covering it with kisses. Jessica's breath was now coming in gasps and she was unable to speak. Leila again moved on to kiss Jessica's thighs, but did not linger as she finally descended on Jessica's pussy. 

It was obvious that Jessica was quite wet so Leila wasted no time before penetrating Jessica's cunt and moving her mouth to take Jessica's clit between her lips. Jessica grabbed a hold of Leila's head as her orgasm hit hard and she was nearly screaming as she found release. Leila sat up grinning and Jessica's breathing quickly softened telling the other women that she had blacked out. Amber had meanwhile removed her panties and was now removing her dress. A glance to her right revealed that Asha was also undressed and pulling idly on her dark nipples. Amber sat back in her chair as they waited for Jessica to recover. 

Jessica slowly opened her eyes after a few moments. Leila turned to smirk at Amber and Asha before straddling Jessica's face. Leila leaned forward so that she could grip Jessica's breasts and soon began bucking as if riding a horse. Leila moaned loudly as she rapidly moved her pussy over Jessica's face. Leila's moaning grew louder and she started pulling on Jessica's nipples. Amber watched entranced at the sight of Leila riding Jessica's face with her mid-sized breasts shaking as she moved up and down. Amber was barely aware that she was slowly moving a hand between her legs and unsurprisingly found she was wet. Leila stopped and cried out in her orgasm before sitting still, shuddering. Leila soon collapsed on the bed next to Jessica. Amber heard a slight gasp to her right and looked over to see that Asha was also idly stroking her pussy. 

"So Asha, what now?" Asha stopped stroking her lips and looked over smiling. 

"Well Amber, we have two choices, we could play, giving them a show or we could wait for them to recover and swap." Amber nodded on the one hand she wasn't sure how Jessica would react and on the other she found Asha to be quite intimidating and was uncertain about sex with the older black woman. Asha saw Amber's expression and nodded. "Maybe next time, I do not wish to crush your newly found dominance." Asha leaned into kiss Amber softly. The kiss was not one of dominance, but rather one of affection. The two turned to see that the other two were breathing normally and were sitting up. Amber spoke. 

"Jessie, would you like to try Asha?" Jessica looked uncertain as she stared at Asha. After a few moments she nodded. 

"Enjoy baby." Jessica climbed off of the bed and crawled to Asha who directed her to her breasts. Meanwhile Leila looked at Asha, who nodded, and she crawled to Amber. Leila wasted no time in licking up and down Amber's lips. Amber quickly realized that Leila was very good and so she grabbed Leila's head and merely held on for dear life. Leila poked Amber with her tongue in swift random jabs that only caused Amber to moan louder. Leila continued to change tactics swirling her tongue around, penetrating the lips and sucking on Amber's clit. Amber felt herself rocking, almost to the point of falling out of the chair. Leila pushed two fingers into Amber's pussy, quickly finding her g-spot, and moved her mouth to Amber's ass where she swirled her tongue around Amber's hole. Amber moaned loudly as she felt her orgasm hit. Amber felt Leila licking up her cum and soon pushed her away as she was growing increasingly sensitive. 

"Wow Leila, I can only imagine how much practice you've had to get that good." Leila giggled and Amber glanced over at Asha who was just cumming on Jessica's face, although she wasn't as loud as Amber. Once they had recovered Amber and Jessica showered as the shower was barely big enough for two and Asha graciously insisted they go first. Jessica was too worn out to do anything more than bathe. While the two dressed Asha and Leila bathed. Amber laughed as she heard low moaning that she was certain was Leila. 
