 Despite being fairly exhausted from the day's college courses, Natalie still made an effort to workout at the university gym. She needed it, too. Frankly, she was the worst player on the softball team. 

Sure, she was in good shape already, but compared to the other girls on the team, she simply wasn't good enough, and it was practically a miracle that she had even made the team at all. But the team required a minimum amount of players and Natalie was that minimum.

As she worked on her push/pull routine with various machines, she took a breather to examine her body in the mirror. Not bad. Not bad at all. She was your average college girl; kind of slender, kind of toned, with a little something to grab around her hips, and a slight layer of pudge around her waist, which she was desperately trying to get rid of before summer bikini season.

Speaking of which, it was time to hit abs. Her muscle was a bit lacking there, plus a strong core helps a girl hit the ball harder.

There was an ab bench free and she began doing her reps on it. She began slowing doing after thirty reps in quick succession, rested for a minute, and then repeated the set two more times.

When she was trying to squeeze a few extra reps in the last set, she looked up to see a face blocking the light. A woman was standing over her, with a sweaty face, a messy ponytail, and a towel wrapped around her neck.

"Come on, reps, reps, reps!" the woman encouraged jokingly. 

Natalie instantly recognized that it was Coach Taylor. She pushed through a few extra reps on her abdominals as if to prove her toughness, then stood on her feet to greet the coach.

"Hey there," she smiled, taking deep breaths from the workout.

Coach Taylor smiled back. "Sorry to disturb your workout. You looked like you were really struggling there."

"Yeah, I'm trying to get in better shape."

Natalie looked over the coach's body. The coach was in a black sports bra and leggings. Her flat stomach and toned arms were on full display. Sweat was everywhere. Even as a sweaty mess, Coach Taylor was still a head turner that guys would secretly glance at, and some women too. In her mid-30's, she was also perfectly approachable for the young college girls.

Their relationship thus far had been casual. The coach made a point to be friendly with all her players, but of course, she had to spend more of her time with the star players to produce a winning team.

"I'm glad to see you're working hard," the coach replied, looking back at Natalie's softer physique in comparison to her own.

"Speaking of which, were you here the whole time? I hadn't seen you."

The coach wiped her face with a towel. "Actually, I was in the sauna for the past half hour. Before that I did an hour of cardio on the treadmill."

"Nice."

"Are you a runner, Natalie?" she asked. "How often do you run?"

"Not as much as I'd like. I run more often when there's no school. Maybe 3-5 miles."

"Wonderful."

"Obviously I don't have results like you do," Natalie replied, looking at the coaches tummy again, and seeing the ab muscles slightly flex when she breathed. "I mean, my god, you look amazing."

Coach Taylor playfully flexed a bicep. "Thanks. Plenty of hard work."

"I mean, seriously. You have great genetics."

"In some ways, but in all honesty, I'm smart with my routine."

"What do you do?" Natalie inquired. "You have to tell me or else I'll never make millions of dollars in the pros."

The coach laughed. "Are you serious about playing in the pros?"

"No way. That was a joke. I'm actually a biology major. But I'm tired of being the worst player on the team. Plus, I'd kill to have a body like yours."

"First of all, thanks, that's sweet. Second, be proud of the body you have. Women are too hard on themselves. I think every woman is gorgeous in her own unique little way. Be yourself and rock what you've got."

Natalie nodded. "Oh, I definitely agree with that sentiment. But not every girl is on a sports team. I am. In fact, I'm on your softball team, and our odds of winning would exponentially increase if I was in better shape."

For added effect, Natalie playfully batted her eyes and the coach laughed. 

"Sure, go ahead and tell me your typical workout routine and diet. Then I'll give you some thoughts if I can."

Natalie gave a quick rundown of her usual fitness regimen and nutritional plan; everything from how she liked to run and what exercises she did.

"I think I found your problem," Coach Taylor said in a conclusory tone.

"What is it?"

"You've likely reached a plateau. That's when your body is so used to the same routine that it stops adapting, thus you aren't making gains anymore." 

Natalie pursed her lips. "Hmmm... Interesting. And you're right. I've used the same routine for years out of habit. I love my routine too."

"Well, find other things you love. Maybe lift heavier weights or try more explosive exercises that'll help with your ability to hit a ball or sprint faster."

"Any recommendations?"

"Personally, I like swimming," the coach replied. "It's low impact on my joints, high intensity, and it gives me such a feeling of freedom when I'm in the water."

Natalie gave a pleased look. "God, I used to love swimming. I used to swim all summer as a kid. Less when our family moved to a different place. I haven't gone swimming at all since moving for college."

"There you go. Problem solved. Try swimming. Swim hard, swim fast, but don't make yourself too sore, or else you won't be able to practice softball properly. If you couple that with a good diet, you'll notice big changes in your body."

"The problem is that all of the nearby pools are always busy," Natalie moaned. "Especially the university pool."

"True, which is why I always arrive to campus early and swim alone."

"Really?"

Coach Taylor nodded. "Yep, I have the key. I swim at 7 am, then afterwards I teach a few fitness classes here in the morning. The schedule works perfectly for me."

Natalie's eyes widened. "So you have the pool all to yourself?"

"Am I sensing jealousy?" the coach teased. "Yes, I have the pool all to myself. It's very therapeutic for me, both physically and mentally. It's a great way to start a busy day."

"I'm totally jealous."

"Well, there's nothing wrong with swimming in a crowded pool. Just focus on yourself and make sure you don't swim into anyone by accident. It's a great way of breaking up the monotony of your workouts."

Natalie gulped. "Do you think I could swim with you? I'm an early riser. I won't be late. And I'm also into meditation, so I won't talk a lot. I'll just get in a workout and enjoy the moment, just like you."

"Are you sure?"

"Why not?"

"I don't want you to be uncomfortable in any way."

Natalie raised an eyebrow. "Uncomfortable? Why would I be uncomfortable swimming with you?"

"Just saying. I don't want you to be uncomfortable since it'll only be us in the pool together."

"Are you an ex felon?" Natalie had to ask.

"No chance."

"Are you a serial killer?"

Coach Taylor shook her head fiercely. "No, but I may be a serial killer who kills other serial killers, like Dexter."

"Works for me," Natalie replied before pausing to think. "I'm not bothering you, am I? I mean, I don't want to disturb your private time alone. I know you must deal with a lot of people everyday. Nevermind. Let's pretend I didn't ask."

"Nonsense. I'll be at the pool at 6:45 Monday morning. If you're interested, be on time, and bring a towel and swimwear. We'll have an hour alone."

"It's a date," Natalie smiled. 

The coach gave a quizzical look. "Interesting choice of words. Anyway, I must be going and I really need a shower. Sorry to interrupt your ab workout."

"No problem. My abs suck anyway."

The coach poked Natalie's belly. "Monday morning. I'll show you a few good ab routines in the pool."

"Do you think that'll work for me?"

"Why not?" the coach replied, rubbing her own flat stomach, feeling the tight muscles. "It's worked for me."

They said bye for the day, and as the coach went to the shower, Natalie was left feeling inspired. 

***

In all seriousness, Natalie was blown away by the chance to workout with the coach. After all, this coach was an awesome person and in fantastic shape. 

Deep down, Natalie had always dreamt of being that girl. The girl who'd hit the winning home run, then the whole team would hoist her up on their shoulders, so she could be paraded around the field as a hero. It was highly unlikely, but a fantasy nonetheless. Perhaps a new workout routine would make that dream become more plausible.

Even deeper down, Natalie enjoyed hanging out with 'cool girls.' And the softball coach was the ultimate 'cool girl' on campus, by all accounts. It wasn't that Natalie was a dork or was unpopular. It was more of an inferiority complex she got from being bullied in Junior High and High School. 

That Monday she arrived on time and greeted Coach Taylor. After unlocking the pool, switching on the lights, and turning on the heat, they went to the locker room to change. They put on their swimwear in different locker areas so they wouldn't see each other naked.

Finally, they met at the pool area, where they took a moment to admire each other's one-piece swimwear. 

"Is that new?" the coach asked. 

"Yep! I bought it over the weekend."

"Nice. Looks like you're ready to go. So, let's go."

They did their warmups and loosened up their limbs for several minutes. When their bodies were warmed up, they dove into the pool and swam laps. Normal pace at first. Then they quickly swam back and forth between both ends of the pool, working on their strength and cardio endurance. 

After ten laps with very little rest in between, they leaned against the side of the pool with their arms on the concrete floor.

"That was intense," Natalie huffed with a heavy breath.

"It is. And I love it."

Natalie's heart rate moved toward normalcy. "Yeah, so much fun. I'll definitely be sore tomorrow. I may even have to, God forbid, skip practice because of your workout routine."

Coach Taylor raised an eyebrow. "So you think we're done already?"

"Aren't we?" Natalie replied.

"Your abs, remember? Didn't you want to work on them?"

"I think I've gotten enough of a core workout from swimming those laps."

A near sadistic smile came over the coach's lips. "Nonsense. We're already in the pool, so we might as well do what we came here for. Follow my lead. Put your back against the wall, hold on to the concrete with your arms, and do leg raises. Like this."

Coach Taylor led by example, putting her back against the wall, resting her arms on the concrete, then doing leg raises so that her feet would plop out of the water. She did several reps. Natalie did the same but struggled after the third rep.

"Jeez this is hard," Natalie sighed, putting her feet back down. "It's so much harder with the water adding resistance."

"That's the point."

"I can't go on."

"Sure you can, just a few more reps."

Natalie stuck her tongue out. "Ughhh...can you help me at least?"

"Sure."

That was when the coach put her hands in the water to assist Natalie by pressing below her lower thighs, allowing more reps to be done.

"Now, this is what I call working out," Natalie smiled as the coach helped to lift her legs for a few extra reps.

"I'm surprised I haven't scared you away yet, to be honest."

"From the workout? I'm not the best natural athlete, but I'm not a quitter either. Even though I tried to quit a moment ago. I'm persistent when I want to be."

Natalie continued doing leg raises in the water while the coach assisted her movements.

"I mean the other thing," Coach Taylor said. "You don't seem like the type. That's why I'm surprised."

"Now I'm totally confused."

"Nevermind."

Natalie put her legs down and they looked at each other. 

"Seriously, you alluded to something last week about not wanting to workout with me. Now you're implying something again. Is there something I'm missing? I mean, are you a serial killer or what? I promise I won't tell. Or will I?"

"Just the opposite."

"Then what's the big deal?"

"So you actually don't know?" the coach asked.

"Know what?"

Coach Taylor winked. "I'm a lesbian. I guess you're the only girl on the team who hasn't heard yet."

"Oh..."

"Didn't you get the memo?"

"I didn't know there was one," Natalie shrugged.

"Look, I get that it's 2017, and I'm not suggesting you're homophobic or anything. But some of the girls on the team come from super religious backgrounds, whose parents contribute a lot to this academic institution. So it's a tricky thing."

"Are they blackmailing or bullying you?"

Coach Taylor shook her head. "No, nothing like that. It's a long story. But basically some of the girls on the team saw me kiss a professor in the locker room."

"A female professor?" Natalie asked, instantly hiding her surprise.

"Yes, a female professor. It was a short-lived thing. The teacher couldn't wait and came in and we kissed. I thought we had enough privacy so I allowed it. Anyway, they saw it and were just as shocked as you are. We talked and they agreed to keep it a secret for me. However, girls will be girls, and I know they spread information about me. I've noticed some of the players on the team giggle when they see me. Hey, that's life, right?"

"That sucks."

"What can I do? I'm not in a position of advantage here."

"It's 2017, you can be as gay as you want," Natalie forcefully stated.

"I know. But the stigma will be there, and I don't want to make things weird because I'm around prominent members of this institution a lot. Members who, shall we say, are far more traditional than us. Not that it's a bad thing. That's just how it is."

Natalie forced a smile. "For the record, I have no problem with your lifestyle. I think you're gorgeous and totally awesome. And I truly mean that from the bottom of my heart."

"That means a lot," the coach smiled for real. "Anyway, I could tell you don't swing that way, and I wasn't sure what your views are. So, that's why I was so surprised when you insisted on working out with me privately."

"Oh really? And how do you know which way I swing?"

"Your eyes tend to gaze at my muscles. Not at my breasts, legs, or lips."

Natalie laughed. "I guess that's a good gauge."

"Well, we better get out of the pool before we turn into prunes from being in the water for so long."

"Who says I'm done with my leg raises?"

"Aren't you?" the coach asked, knowing where this was headed.

"I'm sure I can squeeze out a few extra reps. God knows my core needs all the help it could get."

"I'm assuming you need assistance."

Natalie pressed her back against the wall and held onto the concrete. "I can't do these leg raises in the pool without your help. I'm clearly not as strong as you."

"I think making a commitment to yourself is plenty strong."

Coach Taylor reached in the water and placed her hands beneath Natalie's thighs again, helping her do the leg raises in the water. The mood between them had totally changed. It was like they had suddenly become much closer from the information they shared. Bonding tends to happen that way.

"How does it feel?" the coach asked. "Burning yet?"

"Are you talking about my core or your hands near my ass?"

Coach Taylor gave a mock sigh. "Answer that however you want."

"They both burn. In a good way."

They smiled at each other, and after a few more of the assisted reps, Natalie begged to stop as her stomach muscles were now aching. The coach let go and Natalie put her legs down on the floor of the pool.

"You're a good sport," the coach said gladly. "I like your work ethic."

Natalie tensed suddenly. "Can I ask you something? It's kind of embarrassing, but I want to ask you anyway."

"Sure, anything."

"When did you know? I mean, well, you know what I mean. But when did you know?"

Of course the coach understood the question. "I've always known."

"Oh."

"Why? Are my instincts wrong about you? That would be a surprise, since my instincts are never wrong."

Natalie shook her head. "No, well, I don't know. It's complicated."

"Hmmm..." the coach hummed underneath her breath. "You're an interesting one."

"Why? Because I'm weird and don't fall into the stereotypical boxes?"

"Maybe."

"Well that's reassuring," Natalie replied, pretending to be offended.

"It's okay to be curious. It's perfectly natural. But I'm not sure if I'm the right person you should be talking too. I'm an employee of this school and I'm bound by ethical guidelines."

"I'm an adult."

"Still, the rules apply."

"I don't know any other lesbians though, at least who I can talk to about personal stuff. I don't know. I guess I feel..." 

She didn't know how to finish the thought.

Coach Taylor took a deep breath. "If that's the case, then I'm here for you. I know you're at a challenging time in your life, being a young woman in college."

"Thanks."

"Was there anything specific you wanted to talk about?"

"How did the first time happen?" Natalie forced herself to ask. "I mean, did you pursue the other person? Or did the other person go after you?"

"It was mutual, to be honest. My first time was about your age when I was in college. I was roommates with this girl. I'll spare you the details. But I knew what I was. She was on the fence about things. The one thing we had in common was that we really hit it off. We had great chemistry together, and surprisingly, she was attracted to me."

"I don't find that to be a surprise at all. You're hot."

The coach smiled, "Thanks. But that was my first time. It kind of just happened one night when we were studying together. I'm referring to our first kiss, which was also my first time kissing another girl. I'll spare you the sexy bits."

"Studying then kissing. Pretty cool."

"I still can't believe my instincts were wrong about you."

Natalie nodded. "I keep certain things about myself closely guarded. I'm good with secrets. I've never told anyone about this before."

"Well, I'm flattered. Now, why are you asking? Did you have someone in mind? Anyone you're interested in dating?"

"Gosh no. I'll admit, I do think about some of my friends like that, and I wouldn't mind kissing them, but no one has made a move on me yet."

Coach Taylor laughed. "Is that how you live your life? Waiting for others to make the first move?"

Natalie nodded.

"That's not a good life strategy," the coach replied. 

"What's the alternative? Go around hitting on girls at the bar? Find a lesbian Tinder app on my phone? I wouldn't know what to do."

"Hmmm..."

"What does that mean?"

The coach shook her head. "Nevermind."

"No, tell me."

"Nothing. I was just thinking that since you can keep a secret, we get along, and you were curious, I could have helped you with your little dilemma. Of course, that would be a violation of ethics."

Natalie's eyes widened and she made no effort to hide her emotions. Could such an offer really be on the table? Seriously? Just thinking about it made her legs cross in the pool. She made no attempt to hide that either. In fact, she was certain that Coach Taylor could smell her arousal emanating from the pool.

"I can keep a secret," Natalie squeaked out.

"I'm sorry, but rules are rules. I shouldn't have mentioned that."

"Do you not find me attractive?"

"You're plenty attractive," Coach Taylor acknowledged. "It's just, rules are rules."

"So you never drive above the speed limit?"

"That's different."

"How?"

Coach Taylor thought for a moment and sighed. "Do you swear to never tell anyone?"

"Swear."

"If you breach this promise, the punishment for you is death."
