 It's been quite a while since I've written a story for Literotica. I got bored and busy. I just recently had an idea that intrigued me. Why not write a short story from the perspective of a bi-sexual female? Why not try? I like challenges, so I did, and here it is. Apologies to all women, I know not what I do but do it anyway!

**********

I've always loved converting women or just plain showing a bi-curious chick what's really up. When a woman tells me she can't get off on just foreplay or doesn't think being with a woman would be satisfying; bells go off in my head and the challenge is heard!!!! 

I decided my first sexy story would be about one of my ex's, lets call her Sara.... Sara was an attention whore with a perfectly toned and tan body that I just couldn't resist. She was, as she admitted to me, bi-curious. In other words, she liked to make-out with her girlfriends when she was drunk to get guys turned on! Until, of course, she met me! 

I was working at a club when she walked in with her girlfriends. She was immediately drawn to my circle of friends, which was full of hot guys and pretty much the elite of the club scene.

She only had a couple of drinks (you could tell she liked to stay on top of her game) so she made sure to stay alert. My guy friends were all over her at first but became heavily distracted by the other chicks coming into the VIP room. So Sara had to step up her game and decided to use me for it, not suspecting that she was MY prey!

I was out on the dance floor with my slutty little vixen when Sara joined up with us. She was a showboat and a major tease for sure. Caressing me down as she rolled her hips around licking her lips. I joined the fun, flipping her around, grabbing her hips from behind and gently licking her neck. After about 4 songs we decided to take a little break and I offered to buy her a drink. 

Back in the VIP area she flirted with me in front of the guys, teasing me with kisses and posing for pictures. I invited her to the after party at my friends amazing pad on the waterfront. Of course she jumped at the chance. 

When we arrived at the after party I let Sara do her thing, playing around and teasing the boys. I tried to even things out with my other girlfriend so she wouldn't be too jealous. Even though I didn't plan to take her home with me I would want her on a different night.

Sara floated around the party, always running back to me for a quick teasing kiss and another drink. She then was "talked" into a game of strip beer pong and I headed outside with my other chick.

When I came back in I saw that Sara was wearing nothing but her stilettos and knee-highs. Her lean yoga body, perky B cups and gleaming smile had every guy in the room drooling and every girl jealous. She leaned in to make the last throw and made in the winning the toss. She jumped up and down, her bare boobs bouncing like water balloons and squealing for joy. I decide I wanted to celebrate too, with her in my bed!

I rushed to her lift her onto the table and give her a tongue filled kiss that I hoped would leave her dizzy. I looked deep into her eyes and said "Its time for me to take you home."

I could already smell the sweet scent of her pussy. She grabbed her clothes from the floor and we headed to my truck (her still butt naked). I could hear my friends yelling encouragement behind us. 

I pushed the old v8 to the max while massaging Sara's little pussy getting it so wet it leaked on the seat. "Fuck it," I thought, "I'll clean it later (the seat that is)."

Upon our arrival at my house we rushed in, barely getting the door closed behind us. Sara was hanging onto me, licking my chest and grabbing my tits. I quickly got naked and threw her onto my bed, wishing I had cleaned the place before I went out.

I ran my hands up and down her tight body telling her how hot she was and how every guy in the place wanted her. "I should have taken you there in front of all of them," I told her. She loved being a little attention whore and she was getting ever wetter as she played with my boobs. Her pussy lips were gleaming with her juices. 

Sara stopped moaning long enough to tell me how good she felt and how much fun she was having. "But," she said, "I've never been able to cum while I'm drunk with a guy or girl." Bells sounded and I heard the challenge again. "I'm not stopping till she does!" I thought to myself.

"Just relax and enjoy yourself," I whispered in her ear, giving it a playful lick.

She smiled at me and lay back down, wrapping her legs around my shoulders.

I tickled her nipples with my tongue, then sucked one in and nipped it with my teeth. Sara took a quick breath and let out a moan that got me wet and eager for more.

I worked my way down to her sweet hairless pussy and licked just above and around it, teasing the hell out of her. She begged me to tongue fuck her, so, I spread her open and licked her tight pink hole all the way up to her clit.

She must have liked that because she screamed, arched her back and tightened her thighs around me. I flicked my tongue over her clit and rubbed around her hole with my thumb. Sara's moans increased in intensity as she wiggled her hot little body around, out of control!

I knew she was ready and gently worked one finger, then another into her warm, wet, pussy. Sara moaned my name. I sucked harder on her clit and reached into her pussy with two fingers hitting her g-spot, over and over. She was so very wet. I could tell she was close to cumming but was holding back. She was getting wetter and wetter as I told her, "What a tight little pussy you have. You taste so good!"

Sara responded by lifting her legs higher in the air and spreading them farther apart. I continued finger banging her pussy and licking her clit, increasing the speed. She began to scream like a true porn star.

I took my right hand that had been banging her and rubbed pussy juice over her asshole for lubrication. Then re-entered her pussy with my fingers. I used a finger on my other hand to penetrate ass. Sara suddenly opened her eyes wide and screamed out my name. I took that to be permission to continue and banged her hard.

"What a dirty little slut you are," I told her, "I want you to cum for me."

She was practically squirting her pussy juice by then. Soon she emitted a piercing scream! I feared that I had hurt her but soon realized that she was hitting her climax. Sara's thighs shook and quivered. She arched her back and squirted hot cum all over my fingers and hand.

After she regained her senses I removed my fingers from her two holes and licked the one that I had used in her pussy while smiling at her with my eyes. She reached up and ran her fingers through my hair, still moaning uncontrollably.

I knew (and she probably did too) that VICTORY was mine. 

The next day I woke to a clean room, breakfast in bed and a hot naked woman serving me. I smiled, knowing how I was going to have fun with this one...