 It didn't take long for the giddiness in getting to make out with Tamara to be completely ruined by my resident paranoia. Was she toying with me? It didn't seem like it. She genuinely seemed to be on good terms with her butler and Maria, that's a plus for her. She was not snobby and appeared to be pleased when I commented on her art work rather than the size of her house. And I really did enjoy spending time with her. 

Even if she really is a nice person, what does that mean about us? Is there an 'us'? She would still date Jock in the public and have a side dish of me? Jock! I had forgotten about him. If he came to know, the admittedly subconscious efforts to hide my sexuality would have been in vain. Am I ready to come out? I don't think so. I decided to let Tamara decide the course of our relationship. I wouldn't take the initiative to text or call her; that doesn't mean I won't fantasize about her. 

I was so distracted at the kitchen, everyone made fun of me and a supposed new guy in my life. It was pure torture; I wonder if anyone has guessed I am not into guys. I do dress like a tomboy, I am physically strong and I never date, but I like to be in a dress once in a while and if I say so myself, I do clean up quite well. I just hate shopping and would prefer if someone could just get me the dress, the accessories and dress me up so I can look good. The process of getting ready gives me a headache, so I'd rather be in a sweatshirt and jeans. 

Back home, my parents also seemed to notice that something was off about me, kept asking me if I am alright. My unnatural level of honesty forces me to be open about everything to my parents and for a few moments I considered telling them I made out with the girl I thought I hated till yesterday, but kept my mouth shut and went to bed early. I hope they cross it off as "I guess it's that time of the month again."

I locked the door and double-checked it before looking up whom I now thought of as "mid-twenties Tamara" again on some porn sites. There she was in all her naked glory, ready to show me how good I make her feel. I removed my pajamas and ran my hands over my round C-cups and my milky soft belly. My nipples jumped up in response to her moans, I had to pinch them, hard. I licked my fingers, rubbed my nipples with them and moaned as the cold wind caressed them. The woman was biting on her companion's nipples, making me wish Tamara was with me, biting on mine. I took an ample breast, lifted in to my mouth and bit down on the proud perky nipple. If I wasn't biting on it, I am sure I would have screamed from the sheer pleasure. 

I slipped one hand in to my panty and rubbed on the wetness that had formed there. I looked at the screen and started rubbing my clit. She was looking a me, biting her lips as another woman ate her pussy. I rubbed.. harder.. faster..urgent.. I had to come.. so badly.. I remembered the feeling of Tamara's big breasts cuddled over mine... faster..faster...faster..."Aaaaah" I cried as I came. I lied down, completely spent. 

I was drifting off to sleep, completely content and happily tired, when my phone buzzed. It was Tamara. I suddenly felt guilty, like a kid who got caught while stealing cookies. Would she know I just came thinking about her? In sudden panic, I took her call.. "Yah?"

"Hello to you too."

"I mean.. Hello."

There was that giggle I can't seem to get enough of.

"Are you alright?"

"Yah. Sure. What's up?"

"I was wondering if you wanted to continue with our classes next morning."

"Sure. Same as yesterday?"

"The time is fine, but I was hoping my home..."

"Why? The library is open."

"For some privacy."

"There is none in the library that early in the morning."

"God, you're so daft. I want to kiss you again."

I'm glad she couldn't see the stupid grin I had.

"Oh.."

"Oh? You don't want to kiss me?"

"I would like to..yes.."

"Very convincing!"

If my next words were not spoken in passion, passion has not been discovered on earth "I would love nothing more than to hold tight against me and kiss you till you are panting for breath."

In the next moments of silence, I wished I could eat my words or die. 

"I'm so sorry.. I didn't mean to freak you.."

"I'm coming over."

"What?"

"I'm coming over to your place. Right now."

"But.."

"Bye"

That left me staring at my mobile for another two minutes before I could comprehend what had just happened. I started pacing about my room. She was kidding right? She couldn't possibly come here now. It is past nine. Her parents surely wouldn't approve; I know mine wouldn't. She was just saying that, like how I said.. GOOOD.. why did I have to say that? But I did mean what said. What I wouldn't give to kiss her again? I wore my Pajamas, just in case she did come. Not that I wanted her to, but if she did, I would be ready. The taste of her lips was still lingering in mine. 

I heard the sound of calling bell downstairs and someone opening the door. I peered outside my door. My parents sounded confused as Tamara animatedly explained why she was here. I got back into my room, hurriedly ran a hand through my hair, sucked in my tummy before adjusting my pajamas and ran down. She was standing by the door, looking as hot as ever. She was in a red v-neck and jean shorts. No make-up, no heels; just, plain Tamara. She was breathtakingly beautiful. 

"Hey," I said.

"Hi. I hope you don't mind I didn't call. My parents had to go out for a family emergency and didn't want me to stay home alone so I asked them to drop me off here."

My mother spoke for me, "No problem dear. You can stay in Mandy's room. Shall I fix you some dinner first?"

"No thank you Mrs Kaling, we had dinner at home."

"Okay. Then why don't you guys head over to sleep. It's late and you do have classes tomorrow."

"Sure Mrs. Kaling. Thank you for letting me stay here. Good night to both of you."

"Goodnight mom..dad."

"Goodnight," my parents said.

As soon as I closed the door behind us, Tamara crushed me against it and pulled my head down for a kiss. I was startled for a while, but responded slowly.

"After all that talk, this is how you kiss?"

"I.. I thought you got scared."

"Scared? I evaded the wrath of both our parents, lied to G and Maria just so I could spend the night with you. I have never been so turned on by words.. Well, spoken words."

I looked at her questioningly.. "Jock..?"

"No... of course not! I mean Sylvia Day.. Shoshanna Evers.. even Danielle Steel.. Some stories on literotica.. Well-articulated emotions will get you everywhere with me."

I must have looked embarrassed because she continued, "You are so brave and macho, yet so shy and timid when it comes to romance and sex, how come?"

"I'm sorry..."

"Sorry?" She looked appalled. "Why? I am in to it. I feel like I am the only one who gets to see this side of you. I love it...Our little world." The sweetness in her eyes turned to hunger. "Now kiss me like you promised."

"I feel like I overpromised.." She didn't wait for me complete. Latching on to my neck she kissed me. The moment her tongue touched my lip all my inhibitions evaporated. I sucked on her tongue like it was the best flavored lollypop ever created by mankind. For hours or moments, I don't know any more, we stood against the door, feeding on each other's mouths. I needed to feel more of her, and I couldn't hold it off any longer so I started moving my hands against her body, up and down her curvy figure, just tracing it, memorizing it, for when I am alone again. 

At the helm of the shirt, her tanned, tight torso was exposed. I tentatively ran a finger across it and felt her shiver. I let my palm rub over it while concentrating on her reactions. She seemed to like it. I raised the shirt up to her bra and just held her, my naked arms against her naked belly. She seemed to melt into me as I held her like that and went to sucking on her lower lip. She was moaning, evidently enjoying the pleasures I was offering her; that would be a lie.. these were my pleasures. Watching her let go as I rubbed and pinched her belly and bit on her lower lip, was the greatest sexual pleasure I could hope for. She slowly pulled away and her lip popped out of my mouth with a loud pop. I refused to let go of her mid-section. 

She looked at me reverently, "That was.." she cleared her throat "unbelievable".

"Thank you." I said sheepishly.

"Come, let's lie down." 

I lied down on the bed and watched open-mouthed as I realized she was stripping. How could anyone be so perfect? Her Double Ds were covered in a pink lacey bra and under her shorts she had on matching panties. Wouldn't they be uncomfortable? I decided I didn't care as long as they looked this good. She locked her eyes to mine and walked over to where I was sleeping, pulled me up and lifted my top, as I urgently held it tighter to my body.

"I don't look that good." I offered lamely.

"I don't care. I want to see you."

"We could do it over the clothes..?"

"We are not doing anything until I see what you are hiding."

The need to do something was more overpowering than my lack of confidence, so I let her slip off my top. She gasped "You are so beautiful."

"Look at these arms, so toned, so defined" and she ran her tongue over both my arms, along the ridges and veins. 

"And this neck, just enough length and curve for me to hide my head," and proved it by putting her head there and gently nibbling on a spot just below my right ear and licking over it. I might name that spot after her. 

She ran her hands till the top of my breasts, completely ignoring them and rubbing on my stomach. She bent down and licked my bellybutton before biting on my tummy. She was moaning, "so soft.. like my personal soft toy.. mmm..." and started grabbing at it. She sounded genuine. I have never loved my body more.

She looked at me and asked me, "Do you know what I love the most?

I licked my dry lips and shook my head. 

"These," she said and grabbed both my tits, making me jump involuntarily and thrust them deeper into her palms. 

She massaged them and rubbed them and pinched them, till thought I would go crazy from want. "Please Tamara, please lick them."

"You want me to lick them? Only lick? Or bite as well?"

I was so embarrassed. I did want her to bite and chew every inch of my boobs, but how do I tell her that?

"I need you to tell me what you want." She slowed down her assault on my breasts. "Noooo" my mind screamed.

"I need to you bite me, chew me, devour me. Do whatever you want with me."

She smiled demurely and plunged into my cleavage and rubbed her head in between my ample breasts. She slapped them against her face and finally grabbed one of them before biting down on the nipple. 

I groaned, I moaned, I thrashed about. I grabbed the back of her head and pushed her deeper into the abyss of my cleavage. She moved to the other nipple and relished me further. I pulled her head up and kissed it with every drop of passion I had and was met with similar enthusiasm. 

I put my pajama-clad leg between hers and felt her ground on it. I could feel the heat from her pussy on my thigh. As her urgency grew, so did the wetness and the intensity of the kiss. I tugged at her rock-hard nipples poking through the thin fabric of her bra and she moved up and down my thigh as I tried to thrust at her pussy in her pace. She was panting now. Her hair was spread over the pillow, her eyes closed, lips dry, she looked like a wild animal; my wild animal. I was shocked at the possessiveness I felt for this sexy woman humping my leg. 

I couldn't take my eyes away from her face. I could feel she was close to coming and I could not, but rub my clit in anticipation of our orgasm. I wanted to share that moment with her; that one moment the world doesn't exist- just her, me and the ultimate pleasure we helped each other achieve. I felt her biting down on that spot I named after her and her juices overflowing from her panties. I felt my come exploding around my numb fingers at the same moment. We came for what seemed like forever. I tried to extricate myself from her vice grip to lie down a little further apart. I was not a cuddler. She let me move, but nestled close to me and put an arm and a leg around me as I settled down. 

I was starting to get a little irritated and about to tell her I couldn't sleep with someone lying so close to me, when I saw her head trapped under my underarms and her smelling me. How could I be mad after that? She was inhaling me like I was the best thing she ever smelled and snuggled closer to me before falling asleep. I smiled to myself, put an arm over my head and was instantly claimed by sleep.