 A small personal message from me: So sorry about the delay. I am an avid reader of literotica stories and know how much of a pain in the ass and heart it is to wait for each installment in a series. I am not giving any excuses, but hope this chapter (which I have tried to make longer than the others) would be apology enough for the delay. Love and thanks for the continued support, Bicuriwhat :)

*****

Over the next few days Tamara became a regular visitor at my place; my dad grew instantly fond of her and my mom finally had someone with whom she could discuss fashion and gossip about celebrities. And me, well it got to a point where I wasn't actually living until she was in the vicinity.

I was worried that she would be a distraction, alluring me away from academic brilliance. However, I should not have worried my selfish brain in the least because as always in our relationship, she put my future first. She wouldn't allow me to play until the pre-planned amount of work has been completed. 

In the meanwhile, she also got busy, probably busier than me. The magazine committee was blown away with her ideas and that work cut into her cheerleading practice. Her friends were starting to act on their uneasiness in her shifting sides. To this day, I do not know if they limited their unwelcome comments because they hoped she would wake up and strive towards popularity again or because she was still the richest girl in the school and that counted for everything in their books.

I could not believe how happy I was and it had everything to do with Tamara. I have never been great with romantic gestures and am happy to let her do all the planning when it comes to weekend getaways and anniversary celebrations, but that year I gave her the best present she ever received in her life- at least that is what she tells me.

We were both staying late in school on a Wednesday, her cheerleading and me at the library, when the urgent need to empty my bladder led me past the men's bathroom. 

"Let me go.." I heard a stern male voice emanating from inside before Jock walked out of there and slammed the door behind him.

He walked past me as I waited for Jock's tormentor (How is that even a possibility!?) to come out. Out comes Tamara and stares at me like a deer caught in headlight.

I unblinkingly stayed there for a full thirty seconds before turning away.

"Mandy..wait.. Man..please.. listen to me."

I couldn't. She managed to break my heart into a million pieces in a matter of seconds. Was she toying with me the entire time? Was our "relationship" part of a joke or a bet? I didn't know anything anymore. 

Tamara was beside me when I reached back at the library and was gathering books. "Man..Where are you going? I am coming with you."

Nothing. Not even tears.

"Please just talk to me. I swear to you. Whatever, you think you saw, is not really the truth."

I really did want to believe her and on some level I truly did. But I couldn't bring myself to speak.

"Please just say something." She sounded so desperate and helpless, I just wanted to hug her, hold her to my bosom and say that everything will be alright. But I walked past her.

"Mandy..please.."

I walked home in record time and ran to the bathroom, because my kidney was hurting from holding the pee for so long. My parents did notice the absence of my ever-present girlfriend and my own long face, but kept their distance until dinner time.

"You fight with that fine girl?" asked my dad.

Nothing.

"You know you will need to speak at some point."

I kept poking at my spaghetti-filled plate.

"Well, whatever it is, just know that we are here."

I saw my dad pick up his phone. "Hey sweetheart..What's going on?"

My head shot up.

"Please stop crying baby. Of course you can come here. Anytime you want. I'll come on over now. Have you eaten anything?"

He looked at my mom before getting up from the table. "Babe, save something for her. She's not eaten anything."

"How can you take her side? I'm your daughter." I stated.

"Finally she talks!"

"That does not answer my question. You don't even know what went through. How do you know she didn't do something unforgivable?"

"Because she is head-over-heels in love with you and would rather shave her hair before she does anything remotely close to hurting you. If it were an unforgivable mistake, you wouldn't be here moping about it, you would be telling us. You are silent because you know you should trust her, and that puts a dent in your plan of always denying her. She bends over backwards to accommodate you. All you do is look for ways why it wouldn't work."

I was truly silent now.

"Sweetheart, enough." My mom said sternly. "Go bring Tammy home. Let them work it out."

"I'm serious Mandy. If you don't show her how much she means to you, sooner or later she will resent the things she whole-heartedly does for you now. If you are not ready for that commitment then please break it off now. Because, I truly love that girl and to see you cause her pain, is not something I look forward to." With that my dad left.

"I don't know what to do mom. In just a few weeks she has so much power over me. Her minute actions have a ripple effect on my heart. I love her so much mom."

She came closer to me and tugged a string of hair behind my ear. "Is that the first time you said it out loud?"

"To someone else..Yeah! But I do, I really do and.."

"It scares you?"

I nodded.

"Why baby?"

"Because she has the power to hurt me. I hate that. I have abstained from making close friends and falling in love for so long, so I wouldn't be vulnerable to anyone else's actions."

"You can't live like that, Mandy. Don't you love your Dad and me? What if we hurt you?"

"You're my parents. You would never do anything to hurt me."

"You need to have that kind of trust on Tammy as well."

"I do...Most of the time. It's just during these situations, I get reminded of how much I'd suffer if she..."

The door swung open and dad stood covering Tamara. I immediately stood up and ran towards the door pushing my dad aside and hugged T close to me. Everything I said so far was lost on me the moment I saw her red eyes and the doubtful way her shoulders hung. 

She stood stunned for a second before crushing herself on me. She snuck her head in the crook of my neck and smelled me. "You're not mad at me?"

"How are you not mad at me? I didn't even give you a chance to explain."

"I know how it must have looked... Can we talk in private?" She looked at my mom.

"Of course, dear. Do you want to have some food before you go? There's some spaghetti left."

"Sure, Viv. Thank you."

"Can we just take the dinner to my room, mom? Please?"

Tamara smacked me, "We don't have to do that."

"It's fine, sweetheart. You guys need talk things through. It's a one-time deal, though."

"Just don't do anything too physically straining before you get some food in you," my dad was back to his silly self.

"Dad, come on!"

"It's best to ignore him when he's like this. Your reactions only encourage him."

Tamara laughed and took the plateful of food my mom handed her. 

"So.." I started once the door was closed behind us.

"You probably want to know what was going on with Jock."

"I don't."

"Sorry?"

"I don't want to know. If you want to tell me I'd love to hear, but you don't have to tell me anything you are not comfortable with."

"You're being stupid now. I know you want to know."

I sighed. "Okay. Yah I do. It'll just keep me awake at night."

Tamara smiled. 

"You have to know I am trusting you with something very huge here. It is not my secret and if I didn't think our relationship was in jeopardy I wouldn't be saying it to you.."

"See, I don't want you to tell me out of guilt.."

"Shut up and listen to me. I trust you to keep this a secret."

"Okay.. Okay..tell me!"

"So..you know how I said Jock and I never really connected?" I nodded.. "Well, I found out why.. I mean I was half the reason... Turns out there is this other half to the equation."

"What?"

"He is seeing your friend Ethan in secret. Well, I don't know if you can call what do "seeing"..but yeah"

To say I was shell-shocked would be an understatement. Jock was gay? It made no sense! He is one of the most macho boys in our school and he bullied everyone, including Ethan. Especially Ethan! I mean.. How is that even possible?

"Will you say something?"

"Okay.. I'm just trying to get my head wrapped around this!.. But okay..wait..why were you trying to manhandle him in the men's bathroom though?"

"I saw them doing stuff.."

"Ewww"

"I might not like having sex with men.. But they looked HOT together!"

"You just keep getting weirder.. Or I just keep finding weirder stuff about you over time.. But whatever..Continue..."

"Ethan told him he loved Jock after what looked like some oral action in the Chemistry lab and Jock just stared at him..I swear he looked like wanted to say it back.. But he didn't. Ethan just walked away quietly, like he knew what would go down, but was just hoping against hope and took a chance. Jock ran to the bathroom.. I followed him and confronted him. He just doesn't want to accept his love. I was trying to convince him how wonderful love can be."

"Did you tell him about us?"

"That is your big takeaway from this entire story? I can't believe you."

"No no.. I didn't mean it like that. I was just asking."

"Whatever. I didn't tell him so you can breathe easy."

"Sweetheart, I swear I didn't mean it like that."

She didn't look very convinced but let it go, like the million times she let things go to make me happy.

"Let's not worry about stupid Jock and his drama when we have a date to look forward to, tomorrow night."

She smiled slightly and I pecked at those protruding petals that were on this particular night adorned with faded maroon paint. Luckily she kissed me back and I probed her lips until she parted them for me.

Before we knew it, we were both moaning into each other's mouths and she began ardently vacuuming my tongue into her mouth, while inelegantly groping my ass. I love every second of it, but I wanted more.. I wanted to feel her naked body writhing next to me.

Urgently lifting up her blouse, I couldn't wait until her bra was off and was already chewing at her nipples before she could unhook it for me. She got distracted as well and tangled her fingers in my hair, pressing me deeper into her ample bosom. I looked up at her just in time to see her tugging on her lower lip. Watching her in let loose in pleasure is my undoing, I realized. 

I crushed the two perfect globes urgently and dipped my nose in the cleavage, breathing her in. I heard her gasp and dipped my tongue in to the deep valley. I do not know how long I dwelled there, probably too long, because I felt my baby pulling my face up for a soul searing kiss. 

Our tongues tangoed until I couldn't remember anything other than the sweet taste of her mouth. She started kissing down the side of my face till she reached her sweet spot and sucked the mark that hasn't faded since our first make-out session. I felt a primal sense of satisfaction that she never forgot to mark me.

I felt her spreading my top away from my shoulders and lick over each of them and slowly unbutton my shirt. She kissed every inch of my skin as it got exposed and bit on the edge of my right nipple and stretched it out before it popped out of the vile clutch of her teeth. I gasped.

She smiled at me cockily and did the same to my other nipple, lest it not feel neglected. Soon enough I was gently pushed to my table. I sat atop swiftly and waited for her to take off my shorts. She was taking her damn time with it, licking around my tummy and dipping her tongue into my belly button before finally tugging at the elastic. I tried to help her out, but she still wouldn't go any faster.

I whimpered in frustration. "All in good time, sweetheart." She cajoled.

I licked my poor, dry lips in anticipation and told her nervously, " I actually wanted to say something."

"Yeah?" She looked up in between the kisses.

"I.. Want you to use your vibrator on me." I chickened out! Of course wanted to use the vibrator. But that is not what I wanted to tell her, I wanted to tell her I love her and that I can't imagine a life without her anymore and that any dreams I might have had till now seems meaningless if she is not there to share them with me.

She smiled that wicked smile again. "And I can't wait to use it on you."

She pulled my shorts down along with the panties and raised my muscular legs over her shoulders and bent down. Shoving her nose between my legs she smelled me in, making me quiver. She took one long lick from the top of my slit to the bottom, all the while maintaining eye contact with me.

She wiggled her tongue into my clit and started penetrating me with such fervor; I had to bite on my palm to keep from screaming. This beautiful nymphomaniac was hell-bent on pleasing me. How in the hell did I get so lucky?

She suddenly pulled her tongue out, eliciting a moan of frustration from me, but quickly silenced it by shoving her tongue inside my mouth. I felt another welcome intrusion in my pussy; she was fingering me. 

Pulling from my mouth slowly, she bit on my lower lip and licked the insides of it, before letting go very, very, very slowly, dragging her teeth along. "So.. you want to use the vibrator?" Her middle finger was now joined by the index. I nodded desperately. "You know when I will use it?" I shook my head no. "After our date" She kissed me breathlessly. "IF, I feel well-courted." The penetration was getting faster. I drank some air. 

"And when I do use it on you, I am going to wreck you so bad." I bit my upper lip. "You are going to beg me to go fast at first, but I will make you plead and cry," In..Out..In..Out.. "Then I will ram it into you and you are going to come not once, not twice, but multiple times from the sheer pleasure of it and beg me to stop for fear of passing out.." She was now fisting at my entrance, while rubbing the clit with her thumb. I couldn't look away from her. I was taking sharp breaths, so turned on by what her hand was doing, but more by what she was saying. I couldn't wait have her maneuver that big dildo into my body. 

"You look sooo sexy baby. I wish I could see you like this all day, every day. But then we wouldn't be able to go out, because I would have to kill anyone who saw you like this. Only I get to see you abandon every other emotion and give in to passion, do you get that?"

I pulled her head to me and spoke into her mouth, "Only you make me like this, don't YOU get that?" and kissed her hard.

That seemed to please her. She continued the assault on my pussy with rejuvenated passion and I bit on her lips and screamed into her mouth before squirting my juice all over her hand. It took a while for me to calm down and when I did finally open her eyes, she was licking her hand clean. 

She looked at me for a second before going down and cleaning up my crotch. I pulled her up and hugged her tight. I looked at the clock and it was almost midnight. "Let's take this party to bed," I told her in what I thought was my sexy voice.

"Sure, lover." 

We were both lying on the bed and caressing each other when her phone rang, "Hello? Thank you.. Love you."

I frowned and she kissed the crease on my forehead. "Thanks again for calling. Bye.."

"Who was that?"

"Oh, just Leah."

"Cool"

The phone kept ringing continuously after that and I finally figured out it must be her birthday.

I felt shitty. I made her so upset tonight and it's her birthday tomorrow. I could hear the TV from my parents' bedroom. So I told Tamara I was going to get some water, not that she would have care, she will still getting phone calls; side effects of being the popular girl. 

I knocked on my parents' door and seeing my mother's disheveled hair and dad's cocky smile, I realized I may have chosen the wrong time to go. I ignored that and told them it was Tamara's birthday. "I don't know how to make it up to her. I feel shitty. I don't think she knows I know it her Birthday."

"Aren't you taking her out on a date tomorrow? Make it extra special."

"Yeah, but I want to wish her now. I can't keep being an ass until tomorrow."

"Well then you better prepare for a life of disappointment," my dad the comic!

"Shut up, sweetheart," thank god for my mom. "Baby, you can't plan your life like romcoms. Everything doesn't work out like that always. Why don't we come to your room and wish her now. The thing she craves for most is a family and we can be that for her. I already love her to death. So does dad. We just need to let her know that. I hope you already told her how you feel."

I looked down guiltily.

"Oh god, Mandy! When will you realize you can't bottle up these feelings?"

"Mom, I have an idea. What if I make a grand gesture tomorrow? Tell her I love her at a birthday party I throw."

"How are you going to plan an entire party tomorrow? It's a weekday as well."

"I'll just invite her close friends and may be even Jock."

"Jock? Her ex-boyfriend Jock? The one who caused your fight in the first place?"

"It's a long story. But I think he could use the company of some friends right now. Anyway. Thanks you guys. But, come along if you want to wish her." They started getting up. "Wait.. wait. Let me just go ahead first."

"Oooh yeah..Make sure she's presentable," My dad wiggled his eyebrow, making me cringe and my mom hit him on the bicep.

I rolled my eyes and left their room to give Tamara fair warning before they knocked on the door.

"Happy Birthday, sweetheart," my mom hugged her tight.

She looked surprised. "How did you know?"

"I'm a straight As student. You don't think I would have figured out why all your friends are calling you at midnight?"

She just smiled and shook her head before getting crushed by one of dad's bear hugs. "Happy Birthday, darling! Never forget that we are here for you. You are my daughter and I will do whatever I can to keep you happy. Okay?"

Tamara just hugged him closer and sniffled into his chest. "Thank you."

He kissed the top of her head and my mom patted her for couple more minutes before they said their goodnights. 

"I love you so much," Tamara said.

"Why? I didn't do anything. I haven't even wished you yet."

"You gave me the best gift I have every gotten. You gave me a family. I cannot leave you even if you tried to get rid of me. I won't be able to! Please don't ever break up with me," she looked so vulnerable.

It crushed my heart. I almost blurted out I loved her. But I wanted to savor it. I did not make dating me easy on her; the least I could do is profess my love in an unforgettable way. She should never doubt my commitment to her, never worry if I would leave her and never for a second think that I could on living if she stopped loving me.

"Tamara, baby, I would never hurt you.. never... Come let's go to sleep. I'm sure you have a busy day tomorrow, what with our classes and the big date later." Her smile lit up the entire room.

It then clicked me why she was so excited about the date when I first asked her out, it coincided with her birthday. She never said anything, asked anything of me, a gift, a gesture, nothing. But they are coming your way, baby and so help me god, you will never doubt my love for you as long as we live, I thought as I lay my head on her plump breasts and let the lulling of her heartbeats put me to sleep.