 You know the best way to wake up? It's waking up as you cum; especially when your orgasm is in appreciation of the best efforts from the world's most beautiful woman. It truly was a glorious day.. My mind-blowing orgasm and the following tongue fucking I bestowed upon the birthday girl in shower before we ate a platter of all of T's favorite breakfast food from mom's kitchen was only the beginning of what turned out to be one of the best days of our lives.

"But I don't think Tammy'll be able to make it. She said she has other plans tonight," Leah said when I told her about the surprise birthday party.

"Yeah, about that.. she had made plans with me. But I didn't know it was her birthday.. Now that I do, I want to throw her a party.."

She looked at me like I ran over her dog with a car. "WHAT? She'd rather spend her birthday studying or whatever it is that you two do, than partying with her friends?"

"Look.. It's not like she wanted to ditch you or anything.. I had begged her for a favour..Anyway it's not important anymore. Please just come? You can sort everything with her after the party.. Do it for the birthday girl.. Please?"

For a moment she looked doubtful, but then said, "Fine-"

"Thank you"

"Hold on. Don't think I don't know something is up. She quit being the head cheerleader, dumped Jock and is now with some douche bag who doesn't want to be seen with her. If I hear you have something to do with all this..that you are forcing her to do things she doesn't want to.. Blackmailing her.. I swear on Prada, I will make your life miserable. High School may be over soon, but internet lives forever."

I was taken aback by her loyalty. It seemed as if I had misjudged Tamara's friends almost as much as I did her. "Sure Leah. I'll hand you my ass myself if I do anything to hurt her." I tried for a goofy smile. She nodded curtly and left with, "I'll let everyone know. Just text me the details".

I called in some favors with my former employers at Café Claytopia and booked their party hall for a cheap rate; if spending three-quarters of your total savings can be called cheap. Dina, the manager there promised to decorate the place tastefully without going all out.

Now that all of that was done, I had to get to the difficult part, the awkward part. How do you invite your secret girlfriend's closeted ex-boyfriend to a birthday party in which you are planning to come out? 

"Hey Jock.."

"What do you want, fuckface?"

With every ounce of willpower I ignored the juvenile insult.

"I am throwing a party at Claytopia for Tamara's birthday and I thought you might like to come."

"Why? We broke up."

"I know, but I know she would like for you to be there.."

He came dangerously close to me, "Why would you say that? She say anything to you?"

"No.No.. She really cares for you and think she'd like to maintain friendship with you.. Please try to make it.. by 6.00.."

I walked away before I said or did anything stupid.

"Hey.. Where are you?" I texted Tamara after the fiasco with Jock.

"Im jst lvng cls. Wnna frshn up b4 our date. be at ur plce around 5.00. Ok?"

"Sure. But do you really have to go home?"

"YES! Plus I need to get our spl toy 4 tonite." I blushed at the thought.

"Okay. Make it fast. I'll miss you."

":D:* thts the first tym uve said that to me. <3 u"

I couldn't stop the shit-eating grin that covered my face all the way home. 

I had just finished showering and changing into a shirt that T loved and jeans that fit me so perfectly, I almost caught myself modelling in front of the mirror, when I heard the doorbell ring.

"Hey.." I stopped short. I'm still not sure if the angel sent to save my soul was standing at my doorstep or the devil that came to damn my soul to hell and beyond.. Truth be told, I didn't care either way. 

The red material plastered to all the curves and valleys of her goddess-like body, stopped in the middle of her thighs, that I couldn't wait to wrap around my neck. Her shapely legs were fitted into high heel leather boots that I wanted to take my time removing. Those glorious D cups were pushed out of the barely containing low-cut dress that left little to the imagination. Her face was devoid of any make-up except for the red hot lipstick and back eye-liner. 

"We could cancel the date, if you had other plans.." That snapped my attention back. I had to shake my head, literally shake it, to collect my thoughts.

I moved forward and ran my tongue over her plump lower lip before whispering, "Oh.. How I wish.. But for now, let's go on that date."

I said before locking the door behind us. 

As she parked her car under my instructions, she asked, "So, this is where we are having our first date."

"You seem disappointed."

"I've got to say, I thought you might choose a restaurant.. Mostly because this is where everyone from school hangs out and I thought you would want privacy.. I would have preferred to have a date where we could actually behave like a couple, not somewhere you are not even going to let me hold your hands." She might have seen my mood darken. "It's fine. I'll take what I can get. Come on, drama queen. Let's get on with the date. But just so you know, when I take you out, we are going to have a romantic date, not a coffee date like friends".

I gave her a slight smile and got out of the car.

Dina saw us and escorted us to a "special table reserved for us",which happened to be inside the dark party hall.

"Happy Birthday," went the whole crowd as the light came on.

Tamara seemed truly surprised and I'm afraid not in good way. At least she was happy when she got gifts from her friends and saw that my parents were present too. I don't know how she managed it, but my mother had even talked Maria and other employees from the Rivera household into coming as well. 

It seemed like Jock was a no-show.

"You don't seem very pleased," I told T when I got a moment alone with her. "Did you not want this?"

"I wanted to go on a date with my girlfriend.. Somewhere I could be myself with you. I wanted you to myself and I wanted to enjoy myself without having to constantly fear that you would let go off my hand when someone we know walks in.."

"Tamara.."

"No, let me finish. I know it must have taken a whole lot of effort on your part to arrange this and I appreciate it. But I am very pissed off at what you have done, squandering what you promised me. I don't want to say anything I will regret so just give me some space".

"T..please listen.."

She didn't. She walked away as I helplessly watched. 

I walked around the party I threw to make my love happy, pretending to interact with people whose company I thought would make my love happy, while nursing a heart burn. How do I make this right? When it comes to Tamara it is almost as if I am an imbecile.

"What the fuck are you saying?" I could hear Tamara's voice from the washroom from outside.

"I'm saying you loved him once, you can do it again. Sticking with him is the best chance for you to get back your reputation.. He's ready to work it out, aren't you Jock?" I associated the voice with Leah's.

"Oh, is that right? Sure you want me with all my anatomy back, Jock?"

"Say that again bitch, and I will end you."

I was in there in a flashlight. "Let her go Jock, or I will break your nose, I swear."

His hand on her body, the one that I started to think of as mine, was making me see red.

"They were meant to be together. That's how it works, Mandy, you don't know how it works. They will be prom King and Queen.." Leah really needed to shut up.

"And then what? That's how it ends? What happens to me after high school? I am stuck with someone who doesn't love me and I don't love, I can never love?" asked T.

"Tell me one good reason you can't love him?"

"Because she loves me." I blurted. Everything fell silent.

So, I am out, I thought. Jock let go off my hand and stared at me.

I don't remember anything from the surroundings at that point. But I remember the swirl of emotions and for some reason a whirlwind of the colour yellow surrounding me as I walked towards the party hall, with Tamara at tow. I vaguely remember counting the two other pairs of footsteps right behind us.

I grabbed the mike from a cheerleader who was giving a soulful rendition of "Perfect" by Pink and looked pointedly at the guy handling the karaoke bar. He turned it off soon enough.

"I am in love with the birthday girl and I don't want to hide it anymore." I said before collecting the said girl's curvaceous body into my arms and placing one of those passionate kisses you only see in movies on her mouth, which she enthusiastically reciprocated after only a moment's pause. We went at it, forgetful of where we were, until I heard a sudden slamming of a plate. 

I looked up just in time to see Maria walking out. The rest of the party was too stunned to react until my dad whistled in appreciation. I could see T was still reeling from that kiss. 

There were a few disgusted looks, but mostly cheers, especially from the guys, who were chanting for us to kiss again. 

Jock looked at us with what I hoped was a glimmer of hope, before his eyes searched the room. Ethan was not at the party, I remember thinking. He looked at me and nodded before running off in the direction of the exit. 

Leah looked like she would either faint or puke soon, but before I had to bother about either of those scenarios her cheerleader friends escorted her out. 

After making a mental note of all the reactions and dramatic exits, I finally looked the wonderful woman who was still snuggled against me, staring into my eyes. "You came out.." she whispered.

"I did.." I smiled.

"Is it because of what I said? I am really sorry... I didn't mean to push you."

"Do you see me complaining? And no, this whole party was as much of a coming out party for me as it was a birthday party for you."

"Really? Now I feel even more terrible."

"Don't.. I feel awesome. I get to do this whenever I want." With that I kissed her again, hard. I'm sure by this point her lipstick was smeared all over my face.

"Hey lovebirds.. We're leaving. Hope you can find your way home."

I reluctantly left those life-affirming lips and told my dad we would. 

"We are proud of you, both of you.." My mom hugged us before parting. 

"So..." I started.

"So..?"

"You want to have that date I promised you, now that everyone has left, or do you have something for me in that huge purse of yours?" I leered.

"Why, whatever do you mean? I just have a lip balm, this compact and wait, what is this? A phallic object I have no idea how to maneuver." She bit her lips.

I pulled it out of her mouth using my teeth and spoke into her mouth, "you naughty girl."

She suddenly pulled me by hands and walked me out.

We ran into Dina. "So you gay, huh?"

"Yeah.."

"Doesn't mean you're let off from cleaning the room. Come back tomorrow."

"Sure Dina. Thanks.." I hugged her.. "For everything." She hugged me back tighter before letting go.

"I didn't know you still worked here."

"I don't... She offered me a discount on the rates if I cleaned up afterwards."

Tamara drove her car to a secluded spot and parked it.

"What are we doing here?"

"It's a fantasy of mine to have sex under the moonlight."

"Are you kidding me? What if someone drives by?"

"The fear of getting caught is half the thrill."

"What about the other half?"

"That's all you, baby. Now shut that sweet mouth of yours, head to the backseat and get undressed."

"No.. I want to play with you, you look so sexy in that dress."

"No!"

I gave her my best dejected puppy dog eyes.

"I'll wear it another day and you can take your sweet time unwrapping it and playing with me. Today.." she tugged my lower lip with her teeth, "you are my birthday present". With that, she pushed my seat backwards and clambered over me. 

There was nothing I could do to muffle the helpless moans that escaped me as she relished me. My throat exposed itself for further assaults and resulting hickies. 

My skin burned wherever she touched and the rest of my body burned in anticipation of her touch.

After an excruciatingly long time, she had unbuttoned my shirt in its entirety and stared greedily at my breasts that threatened to poke someone dead. She twisted them both as I bucked. Her dilated pupils were focused on my face as it cringed and creased in tune with her nipple play.

"Shift to the backseat," she commanded. As soon as I obeyed she was pulling my jeans down, kissing her way over every inch of exposed skin. "Do you know how much these skin-huggers tantalized me today? Even when I was mad at you, I wanted to rip them off of you and worship these legs."

I looked at her; really, looked at her. In her frenzied state, one of her breasts had popped out, while the other was threatening to do so at any given moment. Her dress was hiked up to her hips, exposing her commando state. Her lipstick was smeared and her previously combed hair was disheveled. She looked perfect and she was mine.

A new wave of pleasure hit me and a hoarse voice I barely recognized as my own begged, "Please fuck me. Take me any way you want. I want to be your object of pleasure."

She looked at first with surprise, then adoration that swiftly dissolved into passion. She pulled out the vibrator and turned it on. As the thick red rubbery rod slightly shivered in her palm, so did I.

She looked at me tantalizingly before licking it. I watched with half-closed eyes as she slowly inserted it into my vagina. Nothing we had ever done had prepared me for this feeling. 

Tamara watched me in awe as I bucked against the vibrator in her hand. She put her free hand between her legs and started rubbing against her bald pussy, as my slightly hairy one, as per T's demand, got continuously pounded by the rubber.

It was to the sight of Tamara screaming out my name and coming that I squirted all over her.

As she lay down over me, covering us both with a blanket she had packed, she said, "You still haven't told me you love me."

"What do you mean? I just announced it front of all your friends... and some of mine."

"Technically, you told them, not me."

"Is that so?"

"Yes, in fact I may be a little pissed at you that you told all of them before you told me," she said with a smug smile. 

"We can't have that, can we?" I lifted her chin and kissed her again.

"I love you, Tamara. I love you more than I can put to words. And you better get used to hearing it, cos I'm planning to say it as much as can, for as long as I can."

She looked at me with affection, pecked my chin and said, "No you're not.. I am going to have to beg to get you to say I love you every time. But that's okay darling, I'll say it for the both of us. Besides, I wouldn't have you any other way," she said.

"Way to ruin the moment," I said wrly before my mouth was claimed for more pressing matters.