 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of non-consensual or reluctant sex.

*****

Down memory lane there was a sweet princess called Tristy and today was her 18th birthday. The kingdom was joyous and a feast was in place to celebrate the princess's entrance into adulthood. Such as tradition, the entire kingdom was invited to give a gift to the princess in exchange for her love and care and a place at the court's festivities that would run for three whole days. The princess arrived at court that afternoon and proclaimed a speech of love and unity for all, cheering everyone's heart in the act. She waved gracefully at the crowd before returning back inside the castle walls where she was going to change outfits for the evening festivities. 

But then again, just as she passed through the hallway, the princess was sneezing much like earlier. 

Entering her bed chambers followed by two servant maidens, she noticed a strange smell in the air. Even so, the smell caused her to sneeze repeatedly. Hastily, she ran to her bedroom window to see if the smell was coming from outside but unfortunately was unable to figure it out. However, the minute she gazed by the open window, she felt a cold creeping hand reach up to her shoulder and push her over the ledge of the stone wall. Her face and chest were over the window ledge and she started screaming for help, albeit the strange voice from behind her caused her to quiet down. 

This strange voice from behind her was reciting a spell, almost murmuring it. 

"Silence the twittering bird my grace..." 

Those cold hands ran down the skirt of her dress and lifted it over her royal rump, sliding like a snake inside of her undergarments. The princess closed her eyes, silently repeating the wicked woman's words in her head. She gripped at the stone wall, digging her nails into the stone. She felt something very delicate run over her lady lips, it was cold yet soft. 

"This flower blooms this flower grow, 

from dusk 'till dawn let her flow, 

oh little flower make her see, 

that all she really craves is me..." 

This alluring voice whispered in the princess's ear. The cold object between her legs that was rubbing her softly was pulled away and brought in front of her eyes, it was a petite whitish-pink Coriander flower. 

"Every night you will have sexual dreams tormenting you in your sleep and everyday you will crave more and more lust yet only one can break the curse. If you do not seek me to lift up the curse before the last petal of the flower falls, you will be left forever unwanted and craving. Come find me princess... come find me in the middle of the woods. I will wait for you by the Swan's bay." 

A black misty cloud materialized behind her, the figure disappeared and left behind the flower that it had gifted. She turned around to see if the servants had seen anything but they too had vanished, everyone had vanished and all that was left in the dust was the princess. 

"Come find me in the middle of the woods... she will lift the curse," repeated the princess. 

So there she had to do it, her mission was to find the lady of the forest before the flower loses all its petals. 

"Fine... I will do it, I will find her before midnight." 

Abandoning the celebration this evening, despite it was a time of great rejoicing and festivity. The princess had another duty and it was to lose her virginity to the wicked witch that haunted her. Once she packed a spare change of clothes and her favourable stuffed toy, she decided to take a short cut through to Moonflower Forest. The night always spooked her. 

"Find her to lift the curse, or be left unwanted when the flower shrivels up. What could she want from me?" Tristy was uncertain, albeit the answer was right under her nose. "Sexual dreams will torment me in my sleep... and that could be for the rest of my life." Tristy shuddered. 

Although she was clueless, Tristy wondered why the witch wanted her and not some other woman; since after all the witch spoke of this princess never being wanted by anyone due to the curse. 

"Why me?" Tristy pondered. 

It was not long before the princess got lost. She looked around, but all she could see were trees. Nervously, she felt into her bag for her favourite toy, Little Piggy, but Little Piggy was nowhere to be found! Tristy began to panic, she felt sure she had packed Little Piggy. Well, that was until she saw a cute pig clad in a green dress disappearing into the trees. 

"How odd!" Tristy thought. "How is Little Piggy alive?" 

For the want of anything better to do, she decided to follow the peculiarly dressed pig. 

Eventually, Tristy reached a clearing. She found an odd mushroom on the ground; it appeared to be the colour of pink. However, when she picked it, a single wisp materialized out of nowhere and she felt a sudden urge to follow this sprite. 

"Don't play games with me!" Tristy huffed as she almost caught up with the fairy, only for it to vanish and reappear even further ahead. "I said don't play games with me!" 

Getting closer, even though the band of trees up north still felt like they were miles away, the little wisp zipped into thin air yet again and located herself elsewhere. 

"Follow me!" 

A soft, soothing voice whispered into Tristy's ear, like as if this voice was right next to her. It was not, however, although it surely spooked Tristy. 

"Tristy, stop!" Little Piggy appeared to be behind the princess, tugging at the skirt of her scarlet dress whilst it shook its head. "Those fairies are evil, they will lead you into danger..." 

"Oh, really now? How in the woods can something like that hurt me?" Tristy rolled her eyes in contempt, and regardless of what Little Piggy told her she continued to follow the fairy's voice. 

Giving chase to the blue sprite of the forest, the princess finally reached the large oak trees in the distance. Tristy noticed how the path at this point grew immensely dark, becoming even eerier than before. She shot a glance over her shoulder, seeing Little Piggy standing by one of the trees far back at the light path. Little Piggy was waving at the princess, gesturing her to come back. 

"You will get yourself into danger!" Little Piggy yelled. 

Tristy shrugged her shoulders and proceeded to pursue the sprite, it was like this wisp had already cast a spell onto her to make her ignore Little Piggy. Keeping on the path, Tristy accidentally lost her balance for a moment and stumbled over a small rock. 

"Oh no!" Tristy squeaked, she just so happened to look up and found a strange cottage in front of her. 

Gulping, she felt uncertain about the place, albeit her knee was scuffed and bleeding from tripping up. Perhaps the person living here could give her a plaster... or something. Tristy might feel anxious, but the many tall trees with leaves shaped like red love hearts made her think otherwise. 

"Hello!" Tristy called. "Is anybody there?" 

Nobody replied. 

Taking up the courage to knock on the door, Tristy heard a voice this time. 

"Come in, darling..." 

It sounded much like the voice that placed this curse onto her. 

Slowly pushing the wooden door open, the first thing Tristy witnessed was a black cauldron at the far end of the extent and it had red love hearts rising from the liquid. The hearts were foggy, thick crimson mists. 

"Hello, can you help me? I'm bleeding and I need to get to get somewhere before midnight..." Tristy questioned before catching sight of an old woman that approached her. At the sight, Tristy swallowed her own spit as a shiver trailed down her spine. 

"Where are you bleeding?" 

"My knee." 

"Come and sit over here, my darling." 

Directing the girl to a lonesome chair, Tristy sat down and felt the chair wobble some. The wobbling made her feel nervous, but not as nervous as this woman made her feel. Tristy watched the peculiar woman as she scooped a concoction from the cauldron, the liquid appeared to be as red as those misty love hearts. The woman was clad in a lengthy black dress, wore a pointy hat, and all Tristy could see was green skin, black lips, and a large prominent hooked nose. The image of this old woman made her blood run cold. On the other hand, the woman thought those blonde braids and red ribbons looked adorable on the girl. 

"Who are you? Do you just live in these woods all by yourself?" Tristy asked. 

"Call me Drusilla, darling." 

"What are those fairies?" 

"I don't know what you're talking about." 

"But they guided me here." 

"Maybe they knew I was going to help you. After all, fairies are very psychic." Drusilla explained, drawing near the blonde maiden and handing her a little cup that felt warm with the cauldron's brew. 

"Help?" 

"There are bad people out in these woods at night." 

With a quick spell and risen hand, Drusilla closed the door and locked the bolt as hastily as she could. Tristy, on the other hand, was too busy drinking the mixture that she never noticed Drusilla shutting the door. 

"I've been waiting for you, darling." 

"Will you be the one that will break my curse?" Tristy asked, slanting her head some. 

"Drink the rest of this, darling." Drusilla tapped the small cup with her talon, her black lips just smiling. "You need your knee to get better." 

"I don't feel the stinging any more. Well, not as much." Tristy mentioned as she stretched out her legs. 

Drusilla sunk down some to kiss Tristy's leg, kissing the blemish goodbye. Even though it was just a scrape, Drusilla still wanted to treat it. 

"I want to ask you something." 

"What is it, darling?" 

Tristy returned the cup after she was finished with the drink, and now as she glanced at her knee that previous graze was no longer to be seen. "How will you break the curse and allow me to be free?" Tristy asked, she also pulled out the whitish-pink Coriander flower that she was given on her birthday. 

"Well, I yearn for your-" 

"The witch has a girl here? How could the wicked witch even attract a young pretty girl?!" 

A single blue fairy shot into the room via the keyhole with a bickering remark, screaming into laughter when she caught sight of the girl sitting on the wooden chair. She almost burst into pixie dust the second she saw it, how comfortable the girl was with the witch. 

"This is not the right time for your silly behaviour." Drusilla warned the sprite. 

"What are you trying to do with the girl, you old hag?! You have us!" 

Angrily, the witch caught up with the cheeky fairy and swatted the winged girl into the cauldron where she belonged... thus adding her to the potion. Tristy gasped at the act with fear, she quickly descended from the chair and hid behind it in a crouched position. 

"Come on now, darling." Drusilla approached the blonde girl, holding out her hand for the other to hold. "There is nothing to be frightened of, it was just a silly little pixie. She is gone now." 

"Fairies are common in these woods, huh? Are there both evil and good ones, or are they all just... mischievous?" 

"The latter, sweetheart." 

Grabbing onto the woman's hand, Tristy could feel rough skin along with a couple of warts. Drusilla's fingers felt ice-cold, but that never bothered Tristy. 

"So, what is it that you want from me?" Tristy questioned. 

Without any show of action, the old woman cast a spell in order to make herself look young. In the process her body was undressed, stripped from the long black gown. She was entirely nude in front of the princess; clear green skin, perky breasts, and a hairless vulva. She popped her hands on her hips, green eyes glancing the princess up and then down. 

"Your body." 

"Is that what will break the curse?" 

"Yes, darling." 

"What... do you want me to do?" 

"Come and sit on my bed..." Drusilla advised, directing the maiden to her divan. 

Once seated, slow green fingers undressed Tristy, now running over her soft luscious skin. Flinging the scarlet dress onto the wooden floorboards, Drusilla pulled Tristy closer to herself. 

"So, why did you want me?" 

"That's not important right now," Drusilla stated with a wide smirk. 

"Well, of course then." 

Planting many butterfly kisses along the princess's neck and soon down her torso, the witch caught one nipple in between her lips, one and then the other. Her teeth grazed the erect bud, and her cold breath glazed over her soft fair skin. Tristy let out a little coo, swinging her head back when the witch was tasting her ample breasts. 

Drusilla slipped her hand in between Tristy's thighs, already rubbing the walnut of her womanhood. With the witch now nibbling the nook of her neck, Tristy felt the heat rush over her and the pressure build up down there. Her clitoris was sensitive, and the mere touch of the witch's cold fingers encouraged her orgasm to come faster. 

"That's a good girl... cream for me!" 

Her hips quivered with the witch's touch, her legs felt numb, and those fingers teasing her g-spot soon sent white watery fluids to squirt from the hole. Tristy squealed, already feeling the pressure build up once more as the witch never stopped rubbing. 

"Just fuck me, mistress. I want you inside me!" Tristy ordered, stretching her arms over her head. 

"I can only use my fingers, though..." Drusilla mentioned. 

Slipping two fingers into Tristy's love hole, her talons never bothered Tristy. Drusilla forced her fingers through Tristy's wet inner walls, later adding a third finger to join the duo. Drusilla's black lips sucked Tristy's breast once again, taking in as much breast tissue as she could into her cold mouth. Even Tristy sunk her fingers inside the witch's vulva, feeling her cold inner walls. 

"So you do get wet, huh?" Tristy purred, moving down and beginning to run her tongue over the witch's moist slit. 

"Oh, princess... I yearn for your touch, darling." Drusilla uttered, a hand trailing up to squeeze one of her green breasts. Her other hand went down to grab a fistful of Tristy's blonde locks, pulling onto her hair gently as Tristy licked her cunt. 

"You're so juicy, miss witch..." Tristy murmured. 

Having her hand slipped in between her thighs, Tristy ran her fingers in and then out of her own vulva whilst teasing Drusilla's with her tongue. Tristy's plump red lips suckled the witch's walnut, feeling Drusilla's hips already jolting to the rhythm of Tristy's licks. 

"Come here, darling... kiss me." 

Moving back up to kiss the witch like she ordered, Tristy had her fingers rubbing Drusilla's vagina instead, rubbing the walnut in a circular motion as a rule now. Drusilla also teased Tristy's clitoris, giving her a pussy massage in return. Tristy kissed the witch's black lips, even licked the bridge of her long hooked nose. 

"Little princess, not all over my hand..." Drusilla sounded, feeling Tristy's fluids leaking over her. 

Resting her head onto Drusilla's neck and shoulder, a wave of pleasure rushed through Tristy's body a second time. Not only that, Drusilla felt the peak of her own orgasm as well. They were both moaning, making a commotion of each other's voices. 

"Come now my little sprites, come pleasure us this night..." Drusilla chanted, creating small fairies with the movement of her magical fingers. "Now the sun is unarmed, and the moon by us charmed, come little fairies and join us in this twilight night." 

"So, you do own those fairies?" Tristy's jaw dropped. 

Touching her own green breasts, Drusilla purred up at Tristy and bit down onto her bottom lip. She never bothered to answer the girl, but feel her own orgasm building up at the sound of Tristy moaning. An elemental rushed into Tristy's vulva, opening her clam to its small size. 

"What is this thing? It feels like water... very cold water..." 

"You could say they are like a living dildo; they are spirits that work as sex toys." 

Another entered Drusilla's vagina, stretching out her own love hole. Drusilla went up to kiss Tristy's mouth, melding her lips with hers. She felt the girl's voice vibrate against her mouth, and not only listening to her coo with pleasure. One hand trailed south and her fingers proceeded to fondle Tristy's anus, her middle finger pushing in. 

They were both moaning into each others kiss, Drusilla slipped her tongue into Tristy's mouth and located the girl's to play with. Mmm, Tristy's mouth tasted like winter berries, much like her choice of sweet perfume. Drusilla, on the other hand, did not taste as nice... not at all healthy, but the witch was lusty. 

The sprite was rubbing against her uterus, all whilst her clitoris was pressed against Drusilla's. Tristy was leaking uncontrollably down there, and that was until she spotted her little friend. 

"Oh my goodness, Little Piggy!" Tristy shot up as she caught sight of her companion watching through the cabin window with a sad expression. "I think Little Piggy wants to come inside!" 

"How do you know that's not something trying to fool you, darling? I cannot see anything there." 

"Does that usually happen at night?" Tristy glanced down at the woman laying beneath her. 

"Are you tired?" Drusilla questioned, hoisting her torso. 

The princess sure was feeling sleepy, and was most likely just worrying about Little Piggy. 

"Good night, darling." Drusilla spoke whilst brushing Tristy's long blonde hair with her fingers. "You will return to your bedroom when midnight comes..."