 Kylie giggles as I pull her into my apartment. As soon as I lock the door, I push her against the wall and take no time before putting my mouth to work.

She moans as my lips touch her neck and turns her head to the side, allowing me easy access. She smells so good. I play with her hair as I kiss her down to her collarbone, then find a spot under her ear and suck hard on it, intending to leave a hickey for her to fuss about in the morning. 

Her body archs against mine, her hands finding my breasts. I pull them off me and hold them above her head, pinning them to the wall. She moans again and drunkenly kisses my jaw, rubbing herself against the knee I slip between her thighs. 

With one hand I hold her wrists together. I hold her waist by my other hand to stop her from grinding herself to an early orgasm, smirking to myself when she whimpers. I kiss her full lips, tasting all the wine she had. She opens her mouth and our tongues meet, desperate and passionate. I don't realise until she pulls back to breathe that my hands are now on her ass, pressing her closer to me, our breasts touching. 

She puts her hands on mine and brings them to the insides of her thighs, slipping them inside her dress. Her breath hitches as I take control and turn her over. I press her shoulder against the wall but pull back her waist, so she's bending over and her dress is riding up her ass. 

I have to admit, for a 19 year old, she has a body of a goddess. Just the perfect type. Tanned, good handfuls of breasts with a trimmed waist. She was skinny and thick at the perfect edges of her body. And that long, black hair made her look like a badass just ready to be fucked and tamed. And that's exactly what I am going to do. I am going to wrap her hair around my hand as I fuck her ass with my 8 inch strapon dildo. 

I pull her thong to the side to find a perfectly waxed pussy, which made my mouth water. I wanted to do so much to her. Only if I had the patience. I run my hand down her slit, finding her hot and wet. Kylie pushes herself in my hand like a bitch. I slap her ass, making her yelp in shock. 

"Oh my," she gasps. "Again, please."

This time I spank her pussy. My hand meets her soft lips with a wet sound, making her knees buckle. She moans and I spank her again, the wetness now running down my fingers. I bring them up to my mouth to take a taste. 

Even in my drunken state, I could clearly tell this was the best pussy juice I'd ever tasted. And believe me when I say I had tasted a good share of them. 

"Stop being a tease," she growls, looking back at me. Her lips are swollen red and her gloss is smeared. She looks heavenly, bending over, hair falling off her shoulders, her tight dress hunching at her waist and her pussy lips in sight. 

Taking her by shock, I pinch her clit. It is a harsh tug, I know, but I am the one who is the boss in bed. I like control. And I like fucking girls the way they were never fucked their whole lives. No one orders me around sex, and neither will Kylie, no matter if she was my boss' daughter. In fact, fucking her only made it sweeter. I was fucking my boss' daughter. Fuck yes.

"Ash!" She tries to pull away but I'm already picking her by her waist. I carry her to my bedroom and throw her on my bed. She looks disheveled and surprised, but the look she gives me is no less of an invitation. 

"Take off your clothes," I tell her.

She pulls down her wet thong first. Then teasingly slides the dress down. Her hardened nipples are a sight. I pull off my dress too, but keep on my bra and panties. Climbing up on the bed, I push her on her back and hover above her, my gaze on her tits.

I roll the nipple between my thumb and forefinger gently, loving the hiss that comes out of Kylie's mouth. I repeat it with the right nipple, and then, pull hardly at both of them together.

"Ah!" She jerks and I start my trick.

I grasp the hardened areola of her right breast and pull it roughly into my mouth. I flick the nipple with my tongue thrice before starting to suck on it desperately. I keep pulling and rubbing the other breast, making her jolt and scream.

"Yes, please, please, please!" Kylie moans when my teeth touches her sensitive flesh, begging. Her body is so responsive to all of the touching, I knew she was already near her dreamy climax.

I nip at her breast hard, sucking then flicking and pulling alongside, tormenting her ruthlessly. I kiss and go down on her breasts as if my life depends on it. My other hand reaches between her legs, barely brushing my index finger against her pussy before she is convulsing and screaming frantically. She falls back on the pillows, her orgasm still reeling high.

"I'm not done yet," I say as I reach over to my night stand, pulling out the strapon I have been looking forward to fuck her with all night. 

"This," she looks at the black cock in my hand and then at me, still breathing hard. "This is so sexy."

"You're gonna help me put it on, babe," I stand up from the bed and hold Kylie's hand, pulling her too. 

"Ever been fucked by a girl, Kylie?" I ask her, nipping at her earlobe. She falls on me a little, still recovering, and shakes her head. 

"Never," she whispers back. I'm actually pleased with her answer. I slide my hand down her spine and give her a long, toe curling kiss.

"On your knees," I order her as soon as I pull back. "You're gonna suck my cock like a good baby girl."

She falls on her knees instantly, exactly where I wanted her. 

"Go on," I say as I hand her the straps. She looks up at me with hooded eyes, biting the corner of her lip. She puts the harness on the floor and I step into it. Then she pulls it up and fixes the erect cock in place, strapping it on. 

Her sucking the dildo gives me no pleasure, only heightens my frustration, but watching her sucking cock was something I would pay for. She licks it tenderly at first, small flicks with her tongue, but I can't help but hold her hair when she takes all of it in her mouth. Something tightens in my belly as she hollows her cheeks and starts sucking. 

"Good girl," I say as I shove it inside her mouth until all of it is wet. I grab her head and move the dildo in and out, making her eyes water. Drool slips down her lips to her neck and joins all of her sweat.

She stands up when I tell her to because with her looking so fuckable, I get impatient. She struts to my bed, showing off her ass and lays down. 

"Everyone thinks you're such a good girl," I follow her to the bed and spread her legs apart, positioning myself between her.

I slap her pussy and she moans. "Rich, pretty and so righteous. And here you are, drunk your ass off and getting fucked by your mother's assistant. Such a slut." 

"Yes, I'm your dirty slut," she says, playing with her tits, too far gone. 

I know she likes it. She likes being talked dirty to. I spread apart her lips and rub my fingers on her wetness before I slap her again. She's wet beyond belief.

"I'm gonna fuck you now, baby girl, and there's going to be nothing gentle about it."

"Fuck me like you own me," she whispers while looking at me, her hands running up and down her breasts. Kylie whimpers as she twists one nipple and I take it as my cue, slamming into her.

She screams, and I love it. I start thrusting into her hard and without warning and she shouts and grabs the headboard, her nails leaving scratches on the wood. I look at the dildo going inside of her and then coming out, all wet and slick, and I almost come from the sight itself. I can feel her tightness but she's so ready that the cock slides in without any efforts.

The skin slapping, the headboard hitting the wall, her intense moans, everything makes my stomach twist and I feel my panties getting unbelievably wet. I continue with harsh and steady thrusts. She is grabbing the pillow and biting her lip, eyes shut close.

"Fuck yes, oh fuck yes," she keeps repeating, her body arching. She pulls me down as I maintain my pace and digs her face in my neck, her nails running down my back. I bite down on her shoulder as I shove the cock in her pussy so hard that she comes all over the dildo, her scream muffled by my tongue down her throat. She falls limp on the bed, her chest heaving as I continue exploring her mouth. 

We both are breathing hard and sweating when I stop kissing her. I pull out the cock out of her red pussy. It makes a wet sound and her fluids come rushing down on her thighs and onto my bed. Slowly, I lick clean her thighs as she catches her breath.

"Ash," she pulls me up and I lay down on my side beside her, playing with her long hair. Her eyes are droopy because of the alcohol and fatigue but there's a content smile on her face. She kisses me.

"You made a mess," I tell her as she pulls back. My fingers find a way back to her clit and the muscles in her thighs tense immediately as I start rubbing her.

"I just had two orgasms, I'm still sensitive," she says but closes her eyes, already surrendering. My fingers slip inside of her.

"I was planning on atleast five, you know," I bit her ear. She smiled and moaned, opening her legs wider for me. "What about I fuck you again, baby girl?" 

"Fuck me like you own me." 

(To be continued)