 When Tom got home from his trip to the West Coast, I realized how lousy he was as a lover, after having had great sex with Lizabeth Wilson, his boss.

He didn't like the smell or taste of my pussy, compared to the way she ate me with relish in her Greenwich Village brownstone.

And the way she fucked me with a strap-on thrilled me more than he ever did, using his cock.

I had to do something - he was driving me crazy! First, I thought of meeting Lizabeth when he was at work, but that made no sense. Tom and Lizabeth were usually at work the same time.

I called her at home one night, when Tom was out shopping.

"Liz, honey, it's Edith. I want you so bad I can taste your cunt and tits! Please send Tom on a trip again - anywhere!"

"I'll see what I can do," she said. "Maybe next week. By the way I have a few friends who'd like to meet you. Women friends."

That sounded interesting. What were they like, and what were their sexual quirks? I dreamed about the possibilities after the phone call, and masturbated after going to bed. 

The following Wednesday, Tom announced that he was going to Chicago for a meeting with customers. 

"How long is the trip?" I asked.

"Two or three days. Sorry to leave you alone, Edith. But it's an important trip. What will you do when I'm gone?" 

"I'll think of something."

On Thursday I showered and cleaned myself thoroughly after Tom left. I was so aroused that I thought about fucking myself with a bar of soap, while in the shower. But I played with my pussy and tits instead. Then I shaved my pussy, thinking of how she ate me the last time at her place. 

Just to make sure, I called her,

"Liz, can I come over now?"

"We're waiting," she said. "Get here as soon as you can. The others are dying to meet you. By the way, pack some essentials in a bag. You'll sleep over at my place for a few days. "

What did she mean by "others?" That sounded interesting, but there was a problem.

"Tom usually calls here when he's on a trip. How do I handle that?"

"Easy. I'll set up a plan with the phone company to automatically divert calls after five rings to my phone, rather than your phone."

"Sounds great. But, wait a minute. How can you tell a diverted phone call from a regular phone call?"

"The two types of rings sound quite different. Are you coming to my place or not?"

"I'll be there in thirty or forty minutes."

I tossed some things into a small bag - three panties and two bras, plus a tooth brush and mouth wash. I didn't plan on wearing a lot of clothes, not with her. 

I hailed a passing cab and got to her place in thirty minutes. The cabby, like many New York cabbies, tried to make conversation with me as he wove through traffic. I didn't bother with his crap because I was focused on other things, like Liz's pussy and tits.

The same enigmatic maid as before, Maria, greeted me. This time, her lips brushed mine, as I entered. She must have been told that I had a bag and planned on staying because she held out her hand and took the bag as she led me to the room where Lizabeth was waiting to greet me. Maria moved her ass in a way, under her dress, that turned me on, Maybe someday she'd show me her "specialties" that Lizabeth mentioned the first time I came as a visitor.

Liz and her guests were in the parlor of the brownstone, on the first floor. There were two women with Liz, a tall skinny blond and a buxom redhead.

Liz rose to greet me and kissed me on the lips. It reminded me of how intimate we'd been on my first visit to her town house. I wanted her for myself, not to share with these other women. 

"So nice to see you again, she said. "I'll let the others introduce themselves."

My thought was that we ought to eat each other's pussy first, then get around to the other women. But that would have been very rude, so I smiled and said, "It's marvelous to meet both of you, after all the nice things Liz told me."

God decided not to strike me with a lightning bolt after such an obvious lie. Maybe she wanted to see what would happen next. 

One one side of Liz was a tall gal who spoke with a British accent.

"I'm Ashly. Nice to meet you."

I hated her immediately because I knew, don't ask me how, that she'd licked Liz's tits and cunt shortly before I arrived. What fucking nerve, to smile and say how nice it was to meet me, after doing to Liz what I was planning on doing. The bitch spoke with a British accent. Big deal! I figured her for a phony.

On the other side, the redhead smiled at me.

"Hi, I'm Roxy, from Brooklyn. Liz has told me so much about you that I've been waiting to meet you in person. I'm very good at being bad. I can play submission and punishment games any way you want. You in charge, or me in charge. Which do you prefer?

"Check with me later," I said. I'm not often at a loss for words, but how do you answer such a question from a stranger? I made a mental note to look her up someday because what she said intrigued me.

After having drinks and food served to us by Maria, Liz yawned and said, "Edith, your bag is upstairs, on the second floor. You'll be sharing that bedroom with Roxy."

What a bitch she is! Liz was going to sleep with Ashley, and I was supposed to be with the woman from Brooklyn. I almost walked out, but thought the better of it when Liz winked at me. 

Roxy took her clothes off, with no fuss, when we went to the second floor bedroom. She has big tits and a tight ass. I figured that it was stupid to think about Liz and Ashley downstairs, when I had a live one to keep me occupied upstairs. 

Roxy put her arms around me, kissed me, and held me tight. I could feel her tits and ass as she did that. Then she unbuttoned my blouse and sucked on my nipples. I forgot about what was happening on the first floor as we ate each other. She lay on top of me, with her mouth on my cunt, probing for my clit. She found my clit, which was waiting for her, having come out from behind its hood. 

I was under her, with my tongue in her crotch. It was like heaven, lesbian heaven, when she said, "Your turn on top, honey." 

We reversed positions, continuing to eat each other. Then we lay side-by-side,and did the same thing. I was finally worn out and said, "Roxy, let's get some sleep. OK?"

I was sleeping soundly until I heard Liz's voice. "Come on, you two. Breakfast is served downstairs."

Roxy and I put on clothes and found Liz and Ashley starting on a breakfast served by Maria on the floor below.

It seemed strange to me, very civilized and nothing said about sex the preceding evening.

Then Liz took charge, "Ashley has to catch a flight to London, and Roxy is going home to Brooklyn. I've called cabs for both of them. Edith, you're staying over with me, is that OK with you?"

"Fine with me," I said, as if there were some doubt about my staying. Of course Liz knew that I was going to stay. She was playing a little game with me. 

I kissed Roxy when the cab arrived. She slipped a piece of paper in my hand, saying, "Call me any time you're lonely."

The bitch Ashley departed in a cab shortly afterwards, leaving me alone with Liz. 

"Edith dear," she said. "Now that we're alone, I can give you my full attention. Is that what you want?"

"Of course that's what I want! I'm so hungry for your tits and cunt that I've been unable to sleep since Tom left. Don't play games with me."

She came over where I was sitting, bent over, and kissed me.

"Sorry about that. I won't play any games from now on! I want you so bad that I can taste it."

"Then taste me right now, you bitch!" I said, tired of the bullshit and so horny that I wanted to rape her.

Liz didn't reply in words. But she held me close to her, then she knelt down, and lifted my skirt. I hadn't worn panties that morning, in anticipation of steamy sex with her.

"Wet already," she said. "You're a slut, and mine for the next two days."

Then she put her finger into my dripping pussy, pulled the finger out, and put that into her mouth. "Hmm, that's nice," she said. 

Lizabeth stood and announced that she had to pee and would be right back.

She returned five minutes later, with a strange looking device attached to a harness around her hips.

"What the hell is that?" I asked.

"It's a strap-on. You remember the one I used on you last time, don't you"

"Yeah, I do. But this one looks different; what is it?"

"A double-ended strap-on"

"A what?"

"It has two ends. The short end, which is attached to the harnees, goes into the pussy of the fucker, and the long end goes into the pussy of the fuckee."

"Sounds crazy to me."

"Not so crazy -- In a way, we both get fucked at the same time. Want to give it a try?" 

After I agreed, she put lube on both ends. I watched nervously as she pushed the short dildo into her pussy and stood there, over me, with the long prick-shaped device.

Then she took command. "Lie back, Edith, you're going to get the best fuck of your life!"

I leaned back and spread my legs for her. She fucked me slowly at first, then picked up the pace. I must have come more than once as she pushed into me, retreated a little bit, and then pushed even further. I was so aroused that I couldn't keep track of the number of times she banged agaisnt my cervix. I was covered with sweat, and my heart pounded. It seemed to go on forever, but she stopped after a while, pulled the dildo out of my pussy, and said, "How was it?"

"Marvelous, can you do that again?

She laughed and tried to fuck me again. But I was so exhausted that I had to sleep, rather than fuck. 

Then the phone next to the bed rang. Liz sat up and said, "It's Tom, I can tell from the ring. Pick up the phone and talk to him."

She handed me the phone. As Tom talked about the sales trip, she sucked on my nipples and fingered my pussy.

It was crazy, but erotic as hell to talk to Tom about his job, as she made love to me. He didn't have a fucking clue as to what was happening. He's damn lucky to have me as a wife, or he'd be stuck in a low-paying job. 

Then he asked me if I'd seen Liz since he left.  I lied.

"No, but we've talked a few times. She seems like a nice person. By the way, when will you be home?"

"In two days," he said. 

"OK, I'll pick you up at the airport," I replied. 

"Two more days of sex," Liz said, after he hung up. "Until your stupid husband shows up. What do you want to do until then?"

"We'll think of something," I said, reaching for her. Two days went by far too quickly. One thing I learned from Liz was to use my tongue on her perineum, the sensitive path of nerve endings and muscle that go from just below the asshole, around the bottom of her crotch, and all the way up to her clit. 

I did that to her, and she reciprocated with her tongue in my pussy.

By the time Tom arrived at the airport, we'd already made plans to send him on the road again.