 Jessica left the set and climbed into her Tesla. All she could think of was heading to her apartment and climbing into a hot bath. She still couldn't get used to the travel, the hours of shooting, the need to act spontaneous over and over until everything clicks in the scene. But the toughest thing is being alone. She realized that leaving Stuart was the right thing, but going to bed alone and waking up alone never got easy. She thought back to the last time she saw him. How sad he looked signing the papers. He never said anything, just looked at her as he dropped the pen, turned and left the law offices.

She pulled into the underground garage and parked in her slot, got out and headed towards the elevators. She was startled hearing her name, or rather her old name.

"Carol, stop. Can we talk?" 

She turned and saw Linda leaning against the trunk of a car. "I'm sorry. I didn't even see you there. How are you? What are you doing here?" She said as she turned to greet her ex's wife. "I haven't heard Carol in a year. So it didn't register at first."

Linda smiled, "I know you're Jessica now. I thought perhaps you'd be afraid I was a fan or, you know, a paparazzi or something if I said Jessica." She hugged the blonde and held her at arms' length and admired her. "You look exactly the same. I don't know what I expected, but..."

Jessica blushed, "I am the same, just not exactly." She looked at the ring on Linda's finger, "It fits you well. I'm glad. It was his grandmother's and it means a lot to him. Look, I know our entire relationship has been in parking garages, but can you come up?" Jessica waved her hand towards the elevator.

"Sure, I'd love to. I wasn't sure you'd be happy to see me or not. I mean, I did sort of take your husband." Linda stammered.

"And I never did thank you for that. Come on, I am actually thrilled to see you. It will be the first dinner in over a week with company." She looked at the car, "Do you have bags? Where are you staying?"

"I'll find a hotel, don't worry about it. I came from the airport and didn't know what time you'd be back..." Linda said.

"Ok, you're staying here. I have a couple of extra rooms and you can tell me what brings you to LA." Jessica said walking to Linda's car.

After setting the bags in the room, Jessica and Linda went out to the deck overlooking the ocean with a couple of glasses and a bottle of Shiraz.

"Ok, I'm dying to know how you found me and why you're here. Is Stuart alright? I hope nothing has happened to him." Jessica said settling back in the soft deck chair.

Linda listened to the waves, smelled the salt air and sighed. "I can see why you live here. This is so relaxing." Seeing Jessica looking expectant, "Ok, sorry. Stuart's fine, I just wanted to talk to you. Stuart won't tell me anything about what happened when you got back from the week. One day he was telling me that he's really excited that your week will be over and he'll be back with you, and he is all set to forgive anything you did. I know, it's weird him telling me this while he is with me, but I understood." Linda said, "Then on Monday, he walks into the office, is all business and didn't even mention your name until maybe Wednesday. That's when he told me you guys were divorcing." Linda looked sadly at Jessica, "I know it's none of my business, but now that your show is on, and I do mean on. They must air each episode 40 times each week on their channels. Anyhow, he really has withdrawn emotionally. I need to know what happened between you two..." She looked at the blonde.

Jessica looked at her glass and then at the redhead, "I guess you should know. But I'm feeling this wine and I don't know about you, but I need to eat. Can I tell you after dinner?"

Linda nodded, "Sure, I have only had plane food all day. Let me help, what are we making, or do you order out?"

"Actually, I was going to make an omelet for myself. William Steven's cook, Robert showed me how to make omelets before I left and I was in the mood for that. I hope you like them. If not, I have pasta, vegetables, whatever you feel like." Jessica said getting up and heading into the apartment.

"I love omelets. What kind of vegetables?" Linda said following.

"That was incredible, thanks for sharing the recipe. I never thought of nutmeg before." Linda said picking up the plates and carrying them into the kitchen. After putting them in the sink, she turned and looked at the young blonde staring out the sliding doors. "Are you alright?" Linda asked.

"I'm fine, actually. I wasn't sure how to put it, but I was going to ask you that. I mean, you flying out here to see me. To ask me questions. Knowing Stuart...U hope everything is ok between you two." She tailed off, looking at the beautiful redhead. "Come on, let's soak in the hot tub while I find out what's bothering you and if what I have to say helps you in any way." Jessica stood up and headed back out to the balcony carrying the bottle and their two glasses, pulled off her clothes and climbed into the steaming water.

Linda shrugged and knowing she was being studied by the woman she replaced, stripped naked and climbed in. "I guess being naked makes it hard to hide anything." She chuckled. "Can you tell me what happened between you two? For a week, I heard over and over how much he missed you, then..."

"Hard to hide anything while naked, I found that to be true, also. Ok, what happened between Stuart and me? I guess I'll start with coming home." Jessica said before taking a sip, sighing and sliding down and closing her eyes replaying the scene.

********************************************************************

Carol/Jessica saw Marilyn looking so she gave a small smile and a reassuring wave before opening the door and stepping into the familiar entry. She took a deep breath, inhaling the smell of oak, carpet and strange perfume. Looking around, she though how surprisingly the same everything looked. Shaking her head, she walked into the living room and saw Stuart rising to greet her. She set down her pile and welcomed his embrace. After 5 minutes of being tightly held, feeling his hard cock against her, being caressed all over and kissed on her neck, Stuart pulled away and looked at her.

"I'm glad you're back. I've missed you. The last week was the longest month I've ever had to endure." Stuart said, stroking her face and running finger across her lips. "Whatever you did, whatever happened, I want you to know I forgive you."

Carol jerked back. "You forgive me? You fucking forgive me? Did I apologize? I mean, should I apologize? When did she leave?" She looked around at the stairs leading to the bedroom, "It had to be within the last hour. You want me to apologize for that too?" She sputtered.

"I didn't mean that. I'm sorry, I meant that you have nothing to feel guilty about. I understand that we both agreed, we both let this happen. I don't except you to apologize." Stuart said holding his hands out.

"But, what you are saying is you will never forget. I don't need to apologize, but you will have the images of me with other men in your head for the rest of your life. Is that it? Like with Tom?" Carol said angrily.

"I don't know. I cannot keep the images of you, naked, getting fucked by those men out of my head, but I know they'll fade, but what about the next men? What about those you'll be fucking in that penthouse? Anyhow, Tom was different. You knew him and liked him, so you let him fuck you. I forgave you for that immediately." Stuart shot back.

"WHAT? You forgave me???? You let that sick fucking bastard basically rape me and you fucking forgave me? Do you have any idea how much that has haunted me through the years? How made me feel so little, so worthless? I love you, but whenever I remember how you rolled off me and told your friend he could stick his dick in me, let him cum inside me, I've hated you for that." Jessica spat furiously.

Stuart put his hands up and backed away under the raging onslaught. "I'm sorry, I thought you liked it. God, I'm sorry. I never knew." He put his hands on her shoulders. "But, you were awfully eager to become an escort for the last week, and I'm sure you're looking forward to entertaining those men in the company penthouse."

What men? What penthouse?" Carol asked, "You mean the job offer? The full-time company courtesan? The ambassador?" Carol asked heatedly making sarcastic quote signs.

"Yes, that. How am I supposed to deal with that? What am I supposed to be doing while you're under some man?" Stuart said sadly.

"What are you talking about? I told them no. I'm not really a whore, at least not a full time one." Carol said. "You thought I'd take them up on that?" She looked at her husband incredulously, then looked down at the angry bulge in his pants. "You're fucking hard? Seriously? You're almost in tears thinking I'll become a full time whore and you actually love it. Christ, why didn't I see this before we got married?"

"Why didn't you say yes? You're making what, 40 K babysitting a bunch of five year olds and you could be making eight times that. What other job can you get that pays you even half what they offered? A quarter of a million a year? Your own multi-million dollar condo? Fuck! I'm shocked you didn't say yes." He sputtered, red faced. "And, yes. I'm sorry it gets me excited when men want you. When other men take you. I cannot explain it, but I hurt but I feel an incredible rush thinking about it."

"I need to take a walk. I need to figure things out." Carol said turning away.

"Jessica, Jessica, turn around."

Carol whipped around hearing Stuart call her by her alias and saw him standing there, his pants on the floor and his cock pointing at the ceiling. "Really? I'm not feeling in the least part romantic right now. You just go and take care of it, or call your friend Linda. I'm sure she hasn't arrived home yet." Carol sputtered.

"No, I need you, I need Jessica to give me a blow job. Like you did the other night." He looked pleadingly at her. "You were so hot, playing the whore. God! I wanted to fuck you so bad, fuck all your holes." He said softly as he stroked his cock. "I guess I love Carol, but lust after Jessica. I want Jessica to deep throat me and swallow every drop." He saw her looking at his cock, "Please Jessica, please suck my dick?"

Carol took a step back, "You're kidding me. You actually wanted me to take that job, and not because of the money. So you could always have access to a whore. You wanted a girl whose whole existence is to please men and she would be yours whenever you want." She walked over and took over stroking his cock. "How would that work? You'd come spend the night in the penthouse when I don't have visitors? Perhaps, even when I do? You'd like to see me with them? Is that it?" She let Stuart undress her and when she was naked, she dropped to her knees. "Linda told me you were really hurt seeing me with those three boys at the lake, but she was wrong, wasn't she? How hard were you? How many times have you replayed that in your head?" She said looking up at his flushed face, feeling cum oozing out of the head as she stroked he cock. She licked the fluids leaking out before sucking the head into her mouth. 

Pulling back quickly, she stood up. "What the fuck? Is that Linda's cum on your cock? You didn't even have to decency to shower after fucking that bitch?" She spit out the taste onto the floor when to get water to rinse her mouth out.

Stuart yelled at her as she strode away, "I didn't think you cared about that anymore. You just spent the week sucking, licking and getting fucked in all your holes. I thought that was what you whores liked."

She angrily strode back in and slapped her husband as hard as she could. "I should take that job. I have half a mind to take that job so I can get them put a clause into the contract that you are never allowed near the place. Never allowed near that place nor anyone employed therein. You think you could write that in when the partners come to you to do that? I'd really love to be there when they do." Carol said angrily.

Stuart rubbed his stinging cheek and felt his world crashing down, "Carol, look, I'm sorry. That was stupid. I thought that...fuck, I don't know what I was thinking. I thought I cleaned my dick off..." He trailed off sadly.

"Jessica, it's Jessica from now on. Since you'll never think of me as Carol anymore, then it's Jessica. When I leave, you can call Linda and have her take care of that." Jessica picked up her clothes and headed upstairs.

Stuart watched sadly as his wife rolled the suitcase to the front door. He knew there was nothing he could say as she walked over to the pile and tossed the envelope with the rings onto the coffee table, followed by her house keys and picked up the rest and stuffed them into her bag. He put his head in his hands and internally screamed as he heard the door open and close.

********************************************************************

"Holy crap!" Linda said, "I'm so sorry. I told him that you were coming home that morning and I should leave, but he wanted another...you know. I even told him he'd better shower." Linda rubbed her face sadly, "I feel like I broke up your marriage."

Jessica looked at Linda, "You didn't break up the marriage. I did. I did when I realized I wasn't anything more than a whore to Stuart all along. I never noticed it, but after Tom, we never actually made love. Stuart got hard and fucked me. I probably came just half a dozen times in all that time we were having sex because he wasn't there to make love. I think I came mostly before he let Tom have me and almost never after that." Jessica emptied the bottle into Linda's glass. "Sorry to call you a fucking bitch. I was pissed."

"God! I would have said a lot worse things. I cannot believe you put his...tasted...I'm mortified." The redhead replied. "I cannot believe I didn't tell him to just sleep alone and get ready for his wife to get home. I'm sorry."

"Come here." Jessica said, pulling the girl into a hug, "I meant what I said last year. Thanks for being with him. I don't hate him. I don't hate you. Actually, I used to hate myself, but I'm over that." She stroked the girl's face. "Did that answer your question?"

Letting go of the young blonde, Linda sighed, "Yes, actually that clarifies a lot. He watches the Amber show all the time. He doesn't know I know, but he watches the nude scenes over and over and then..." She laughed, "I was going to say, we make love, but he fucks me. It should bother me that he thinks of you when he is inside me, but that's the way it's been since the beginning. But there is one more thing." Linda said hesitating. Looking at Jessica waiting, "You mentioned Tom to me last year and this evening. Stuart was on the phone last Wednesday when I got home. He didn't hear me come in, but I heard him invite Tom to visit for a week and mentioned that Tom would love his red-headed wife." 

"Christ, no wonder you flew out here. When is he coming to town?" Jessica asked.

"Next Saturday. He saw me walk in and quickly put down the phone and told me that his old roommate was going to be in town and he invited him to stay with us. Stuart lied to me and it bothered the shit out of me. I now know what he plans." Linda said miserably. "I'm not some whore...Christ, I'm sorry."

Jessica laughed, "Relax. Remember, we are all part whore. If your part is really small, then that's wonderful. Hey! Wait. I have a thought." Jessica pulled herself out of the water and dried off before putting on a robe.

Linda watched as Jessica grabbed her cell out of her purse and hit speed dial. She walked back and forth as she talked on the phone before dropping it back into her purse. Seeing the girl walk up with a huge grin and holding out her hand, she took it and stepped out of the hot tub.

"Come on, we have to get dressed. Leon just lives a block away and he's coming over to meet you." Jessica said as she grabbed a towel and hurriedly dried the baffled redhead off. "God, I love your body. I'm surprised Stuart can even remember what I look like with you around. Oh, yeah, Amber." She said grinning.

"I guess we're as ready as we're going to be." Jessica shrugged hearing the doorbell. She tried to fluff her still wet hair as she went to open the door.

Still baffled since Jessica didn't tell her anything, she also tried to fluff her wet hair, but being perfectly straight to begin with, it just flopped back down. She saw a middle-aged man hug Jessica before releasing her and come over and embrace her.

"Sorry, please excuse Leon. He might have great vision, but he relies on feel to get to know people. Leon, meet my friend Linda Connor, Linda the man groping your ass is Leon." Jessica said as she pulled the man off Linda.

Leon grinned, "You can tell a lot about a person feeling their ass. I know you work out and even though you are desk bound, you get up a lot and move around. I also can tell you drive a sedan or coupe, not an SUV." He looked at Jessica, "I've been wanting to know this ass for a while, but I've never had the pleasure." He laughed. "So, have you ever acted before?" He said turning back to Linda.

"What? Why are you asking me that? Jessica, what are you getting me into?" Linda said looking at grinning blonde.

"Leon, come on in and I'll get you a martini. I haven't told Linda yet why you are here." Jessica said pulling Leon into the living room.

Accepting the glass of clear liquid, Leon swore, "Fuck. I can see had I just been here 10 minutes ago..." He said looking at their wet hair and the footprints coming in from the deck.

"And have the girl you've been looking for jump off the balcony? I did you and her a favor." Jessica chuckled. "Linda, let me show you something." She grabbed Leon's tote and pulled out 8 by 10 glossies. "These are the girls the agency sent over for a part in next week's taping. We still haven't found the combination of raw beauty, eroticism and innocence. I have no idea if you can act, but I can't see how a reading can hurt. Are you up to it?" She asked looking at the shocked redhead.

Linda picked up the pictures and leafed through them. "They are all redheaded and Christ! They are all really beautiful. Why me? I've done school plays, but that's it."

Leon stood up and walked over to the girl holding a small video camera. "Relax, I do bite, but not while on the job. Stand up, let me see you. Nice. Ok, look at me. I want you to go to the door - you just heard the doorbell. Look surprised, hesitate and then go decisively go over and answer it." Leon looked at Jessica with an approving look when Linda instantly followed direction perfectly. "Ok, you just got horrifying news that your daughter was pulled into a car right in front of her school, and they just informed you. You let the police in, but walk over to the bar and pour yourself a drink and hold it as you try to process the information. You then turn to them demanding to know what they are doing about it"

Jessica had a huge grin watching the look on her Director's face as he saw the distress on Linda's face and the way the bottle shook, splashing whiskey onto the table.

Linda felt rage inside her as she thought about someone kidnapping her daughter, maybe someone who was going to sexually molest her, she turned and looked at Leon, "Ok, fine. You've done your job and informed the panicked mother, what the fuck are you doing here? What are you doing to find her? Oh God, what if you can't find her?" Linda burst out in tears.

After Linda's shaking hand slammed the glass onto the bar and she took the back of her hand to wipe away the tears, Leon started clapping, soon joined by Jessica. "Fuck! You really haven't acted since high school? I intentionally threw you into the middle of the scene to see if you could do it without breathing exercises and preparing yourself, to see how you'd do. That was brilliant. Jessica, get your agent on the line and let's get her card. There's not much time before shooting starts. Also, that was way better than what Steve put in the script."
