  This story is for adults over the age of 18. If you do not like descriptions of two women over the age of 18 acting in consensual lovemaking, please, read no further. This is a story of a discovery of a woman's sexuality, so I apologize for the length. If you just want a simple "Lesbian licking" story, you might want to look elsewhere. But if you're actually looking for a plot, and some tender lovemaking, please persevere. Also, if you have any comments, I'll be happy to read and/or respond. If it gives you a good orgasm, please vote! Or even if it doesn't –  

Thirty minutes after Lia should have been at Evie's house, Evie called her. "Where are you?" she asked, exasperated, as she eyed the rapidly-moving morning interstate traffic outside her apartment window. "We aren't going to get there to see the opening ceremonies!" Evie had just recently seen an ad on TV for this Renaissance Festival at the local fairgrounds that sounded like a lot of fun, so she and Lia had made plans to go. 

A groan answered. "Evie...I met this man last night and..." her friend began. 

"Ok, so you got some...so what!  This meant a lot to me," Evie complained, disappointed yet again. What was it about sex with men that had Lia so worked up that she forgot all her promises? Sex wasn't that great – just some guy pounding away on top of you, and you having to fake an orgasm at the end. Masturbation...now that was way better. That way, you could fantasize about whomever you wanted, in whatever situation. 

Evie was aware she wasn't as good looking as her friend Lia. She and Lia had been friends since middle school, so she was used to being passed over by guys. Evie was truly shy about her looks and she'd learned to hide behind books and glasses, while her friend Lia was more outgoing and social. Lia was model material – medium length black hair, striking green eyes, pert breasts, and she was over 5'7" in height. Evie, on the other hand, was shorter, with what she thought of as a dumpy figure – but she was actually truly curvaceous, with large breasts and a firm, round ass. She was 5'4," petite, with long, curling brown hair and blue eyes. She had a 36D bust, but she had learned to conceal it with body shapers and uncomfortable bras. Why wasn't it still fashionable to have a large bust?

Evie sighed, pulled back into the conversation by her friend Lia's insistent voice. "...Anyway, you just wouldn't believe him. Stamina like a horse, and hung like it too. I think he's a keeper, at least for a little while..." Lia's pause told Evie she should say something. 

"Great. Congrats. I guess I'll go to the Renn Faire on my birthday by myself." 

"Evie, no, really, I can get ready and be there in like, an hour and a half, I just have to get ready..." 

"Forget it, Lia, I'm walking out the door. I know how long you take. We'd be lucky to get there by the time it closes." Evie sighed again, and hung up the phone on her friend. What a way to start a birthday. Lia had a new boy toy and, once again, she had to take the back seat to her friend's passions. Being the friend of a drama major certainly had its drawbacks. 

***

As Evie drove up to the wooded fairgrounds, she looked around, appreciating how beautiful the day was. It was early fall, and the air had a crisp bite to it; the sun through the trees fell in long golden bars. She felt a shiver of anticipation, and smiled for the first time that day. "Even though the day may be going bad," she said to herself, "I still feel like I'm going to Disney World." The comparison stuck with her as she watched hundreds of costumed people walk up to the castle-like gates, and as what was presumably a Knight and some Ladies wave down to the crowds. "Hey, I wonder if that's King Arthur," she mused to herself. She felt a sudden stab of disappointment in herself that she couldn't find anything remotely "Medievalish" to wear – she'd had to settle for a t-shirt and blue jeans. Even Lia had planned to dress up. She sighed and got out of her car, walking down the long gravel road to the Faire. 

Once Evie was inside the gates, she was greeted by the ticket lady. "How do you do, Milady. Welcome to the Faire." 

Evie smiled at the girl, momentarily surprised by the greeting. "T-thanks. You have a beautiful dress." The dress was a maroon velvet, with a lace-up bodice at the top embroidered with wild roses. It was probably one of the most beautiful dresses she'd ever seen. The girl's milky white breasts contrasted sharply with the red velvet, drawing the eyes to their perfect roundness. They heaved and quivered with every breath. 

"Thanks!" She smiled at Evie. "It certainly captures the attention, doesn't it? I got it over there at Lacey's Emporium. They know how to fit a Lady." 

Evie thanked the girl again, and wandered off into the Faire, program in hand. She was still blushing lightly from the encounter. Why not wear something like that if you could get away with it? The girl certainly looked good in it, and it was a perfect fit. Evie blushed again. What was it about those Renaissance outfits that made her lose her train of thought? She'd never been attracted to other women, not really, except to admire their beauty. She began to doubt her own mind, but she tried to put it out of her head and enjoy all the different sights at the Faire. 

***

After walking around the Faire for about two hours, and having consumed a famous Turkey leg and a mug of spiced hot cider, Evie passed by a large crowd watching the jousters. What was it about men and their poles? Or even swordfighting? She giggled, thinking, "The longer the sword, the shorter the..." 

The minstrels had almost finished playing, and she paused to listen to a sad ballad about a lost lady love. The music was just amazing – it was like nothing she'd ever listened to. It felt right to be there, the sun on her back and the sound of the lute, guitar, and a lovely harmony. They finished up with a rousing drinking song, "12 Nights Drunk," and she laughed until she almost hiccuped. 

Before she left, another troupe took the stage. Evie looked at her program. She'd thought that the Ladies in the gauzy outfits were some kind of gypsy, but according to the program, they were bellydancers. Evie felt her face warm. Maybe she shouldn't be here. 

As she started to rise, an arresting drum beat caught her in mid-step. She looked at the man on stage. He was playing this ceramic drum, alternating strikes from the center of the drum head to the edges. It had a sound like liquid sex. She sat down again, unable to walk away from the compelling sound. A lady came on stage, then another. They were wearing velvet cloaks, but when they disrobed, Evie saw that they wore these sheer pants and embroidered and beaded bra tops. They began to undulate slowly to the music, both dancing with matching sheer scarves. Evie was fascinated, and watched as they danced together, the beats gradually speeding up, as they eventually dropped their scarves and swayed close to each other. The dance ended with them face to face, one kneeling and one standing over the other, looking deep into each other's eyes. Evie felt her blush travel down her body. During the erotic dance, she'd noticed how her nipples tightened and her panties had grown moist. She stood up, embarrassed, and decided to leave. The woman on the stage, now dancing with a candle on her head, glanced at her and held her eyes as she tried to back away. 

***

The relief that Evie felt was short-lived as she walked along the path, going past the children's rides and games. What was this burning feeling of arousal that she was experiencing towards women? Once repressed, now memories, feelings, and impressions came back to her in a wave. She remembered the time that Lia had "practice kissed" her in middle school. She remembered looking at the girls in the locker room shower. She remembered the envy she'd felt just a few moments ago of those two women, locked in each other's embrace. Maybe, for her birthday, she needed to realize that she was, and had been, really attracted to women all along. 

Her thoughts had distracted Evie to the point that she didn't realize that she'd passed the Renn Faire shops until she had. "Hmm..." she thought, "I should probably bring something back for Lia." Evie stepped out of the stream of people and looked at her map. Maybe Lia would like incense. Or maybe one of those dresses like the girl at the gate had on. Evie wanted to get her friend something, or Lia would definitely know something was up. Didn't that girl mention Lacey's?

Just a few doors down, Evie saw Lacey's. There were many outfits and dresses hanging on the large wooden doors open to the outside. As she stepped into the shadowy interior, a low voice asked, "Can I assist you, Milady?"

Evie almost made the traditional "No, Thanks," when she actually looked at the saleslady standing before her. She was stunning. Long brown locks tumbled over her shoulders in artless curls. Her dress was a simply cut wine velvet, scoop-necked to show off her creamy white shoulders. Large, shadowy green eyes accented with long, feathery lashes looked into hers. Evie stared, and knew she stared, but she couldn't help it. "J-just looking," she stammered, aware of what an idiot she must sound. She blushed. 

"Apparently." The woman smiled at her, her beautifully full, pink lips parting to reveal pearly white teeth. "I guess I should take it as a compliment." 

"What?" Evie looked at her, startled. "Umm...I was admiring your beautiful dress." She hoped that the woman would believe her lie. After all, she couldn't tell her that she was the most attractive woman she'd ever seen! 

"Really?" The woman arched an eyebrow, then she seemed to drop the issue. "My name is Milady Rose deWinter. Our establishment is Lacey's Emporium; we sell custom-made and off-the rack fine garments for the discerning Lady and Lord. How can I assist you today, Milady? I have a beautiful blue velvet cloak that would accent your eyes." Evie looked away from Rose. "I was looking for a bodice for a friend. She was planning on coming with me today, but she couldn't..."

Rose shook her head, one curl tumbling down lower to curl around her left breast. Unaware of the affect she was having on Evie, she said, "I don't recommend buying a bodice without having a professional fit it to someone. It's hard to get an accurate fit, especially the first time." 

Evie felt her nipples tighten as she watched Rose's curl tumble down. "Oh, God," she thought, "this woman is driving me insane! And she isn't even doing anything!"

Noting Evie's silence, Rose reached out to her. "Don't worry; we can always find something for you, though. You have the perfect body for Renaissance garb! A velvet or brocade corset, perhaps, one that laces up the front – a white shift underneath, and an overskirt....let me see..." Rose led Evie through the stuffed racks of clothing. Evie noticed all the fantastic, multilayered "Fairie" skirts. Several of the bodices she passed by had beautiful embroidered symbols on them, pentagrams and Celtic knotwork. Finally they were at the back of the store, where there was a small fitting room area with a mirror and numerous, more embroidered dresses and bodices. 

"Many I make one-of-a-kind," Rose said, noticing Evie's amazed look at the kaleidoscope of brocade, dazzling crystal, and yards of detailed embroidery. 

"You must be proud...you are such an artist," Evie exclaimed, true awe in Rose's ability coming through in her voice. 

Rose bent over, carefully moving bodices out of the way. "I'm searching for one particular one," she explained. "Sometimes you just feel when a client is right for a corset." 

Evie watched Rose as she bent over the pile of bodices. Rose's corset was drawn tight, but not too tight, accenting her long, almost slender waist and ending at the swell of her hips. Evie could see the rise of Rose's round breasts straining against the top of her low-cut bodice. Her breasts were smaller than Evie's, but not by much. They mounded against the velvet top, pushed together by the fabric and the boning of the corset. A sprinkle of small freckles like stars disappeared down into the small valley between her breasts. Suddenly Evie could think of nothing else other than to reach into Rose's bodice and feel her breasts, suckle on her nipples. Her panties again became wet. 

"I found it! I knew it was here somewhere," Rose exclaimed. She straightened up, looking at Evie. Evie rapidly tried to compose her face, and look at what Rose had found. 

"I could never wear that," Evie said, disappointed. The corset was made completely of a cornflower blue velvet, cut dangerously low in the front, with a small lace modesty panel in the middle. It had large silver eyeholes, lacing up from below the waist to the top of the modesty panel. The corset was covered with detailed white embroidery of snow, shimmering in silver and white. It had no sleeves, only a small drape of blue velvet material to accent the scooped-out, low neckline. It was complete with a long blue velvet skirt made of many panels, like a gypsy skirt, complete with small silver bells. "Maybe you'd prefer to wear this?" Rose smiled, then held up a gauzy belly-dancing outfit. It had a large, gold-embroidered demi-bra, and sheer, completely see-through pants. "Absolutely not!" Evie felt her face get hot from the racy outfit. The ones she'd seen at the performance seemed tame by comparison. "What are those for?"

"Private performances." Rose grinned at her, and Evie thought she was teasing her. "This blue velvet outfit – it's the one I made for the lady who was going to play Morgaine, then she had to back out of the Faire. I think it'd be perfect for you. At least, until you can get something custom-made." 

"Ok. I'll try it on – but I don't think I can afford something like this. It must have taken you forever to sew it," Evie said. 

"I think we can work something out," Rose glanced over at her, and then turned and led her to the dressing room. It was larger than Evie had expected, with sturdy wooden walls and a large, velvet padded bench facing a full-length mirror. "Wait here a moment." Rose went back to the front of the store, closing the large wooden doors to the entrance. Now everything was shadowy, though some light did come in from the windows at the top. Looking at Evie, Rose said, "I thought you might want some privacy..." She smiled, and held out the bodice and skirt. "You might need these."

Evie hung the bodice and skirt on the wooden peg, closed the curtain across the door, and sat down on the bench. "My God," she thought, "can I even try this on?" Her hands were shaking and she was sure her wetness was making a stain on her panties. "Is she as attracted to me as I am to her?" 

Something lacy and white came flying over the curtain. "Put these on," Rose called. "After all, your best dress demands good undergarments. And call me before you start trying to lace up that corset!"

Evie stared in shock at an incredibly beautiful sheer white thong, embroidered with a single silver snowflake. Was Rose out of her mind? Evie didn't like thongs that much, anyway, and why did Rose say that she had to lace her up? 

"Umm...Rose," she called, "did you just say that you were going to lace my corset up?" Evie felt her blush traveling all the way to the tips of her toes. 

Rose pushed aside the curtains, hazel eyes twinkling. "It's the only way to get a true fit, especially the first time. You know. Like a bra fitting."

Evie felt her eyes widen as a pulse of arousal hit her already drenched pussy. "Really?" she whispered, her voice sounding high and childish to her. 

"Really," Rose affirmed. "Don't worry; you have a great figure, and I'm the only one here." She closed the curtain firmly. "I promise I'll be gentle."

Evie could only pray she would be. 

***

"What's taking you so long?" Evie heard Rose call over the curtain. 

"Ummm...this thing won't draw together really well, and..." Evie fussed with the velvet corset, feeling it harden her nipples as it rubbed up against them. It only made things worse. She couldn't get it closed or even tied; her breasts spilled out over the top, showing her tightening rose-colored nipples clearly. And the panties were even worse, the thong placement arousing her as it slipped between her buttocks. Even worse, it held her vaginal lips close together, so that the sheer white material of the panties rubbed against them with every movement. The sheer material was being made even more transparent by her wetness, now seeping uncontrollably down her legs. She was almost certain Rose could smell her arousal if she walked in. The constant throbbing between her legs told her that she was going to have to relieve herself soon or go mad. Maybe she could slip in one of those Porta-King Johns before going home or something. She giggled. 

Rose snapped back the curtain. "How's it going?" Businesslike, she entered and closed the curtain. "Let's see how this looks..."

Evie was paralyzed. She prayed Rose wouldn't notice how aroused she was, and attempted to cover herself with her hands. "Rose...I didn't expect...," she began. 

"Nothing I haven't seen before, though you have more than most, dear," Rose began, putting her hands on Evie's waist. Evie felt a tingle begin when Rose's hands touched her body. Never before had the dressing room seemed so close and confined. Evie smelt what must be Rose's perfume – a sweet, musky vanilla. It aroused her yet again, and she looked questioningly into Rose's eyes. What was it that was so magical about this woman?

Rose felt the tremble in Evie's hands as she gently moved them away from the ties of the corset. "It's okay," she whispered, leaning into her, feeling the intense heat of Evie's body, so near to hers. She tried to break the tension building between them. "Ok. So you have to start lacing at the bottom..." Rose tore her eyes away from the large, round globes hovering so temptingly beneath her glance and tried to concentrate on the job at hand. 

While Rose was beginning the lacing, Evie was melting. She felt the firm support beginning in her waist, a comfortable, radiating warmth that was like having two strong hands supporting her back. "Like Rose's hands," she thought, looking up at her. 

Rose had reached the crucial point: she had laced and restrained Evie's body until the point where her breasts began to rise out of the material. She could catch glimpses of the round, white, firm globes topped with rosy, hard nipples. She wanted to reach out and touch them so badly, but she had to wait. This was fixing to get interesting. She kept on adjusting the material and maintaining a constant pressure on the laces, trying to be firm but not brutal. No need for Evie to lose her breath, at least, not yet. 

Evie thought she was floating. She could feel the feather-like touches of Rose to the sides of her velvet-covered breasts, and she shuddered. Her nipples had never felt so hard before, and she thought she might have an orgasm just from the way Rose was touching the velvet, stroking it lightly as she drew in the laces. 

"Now I have to do something a bit more personal, if you don't mind," Rose said, smiling down at Evie. "I just have to reach in and adjust your breasts, so that the maximum is mounded out of the corset." 

Evie almost moaned. "W-what?"

"I have to just adjust your breasts. Don't worry, it will only take a moment." Rose tried to reassure Evie, not even sounding convincing to herself. She wished she weren't so attracted to Evie, but she couldn't hide her feelings very well. Maybe she should just get this over with. 

"Lean over a bit. Ok." Rose reached in past the velvet, and discovered an even far softer velvet than she ever knew existed. Evie's breasts were silk and velvet beneath her fingertips, and burning hot. A blush that must have started in Evie's cheeks colored her white breasts with a warm sprinkle of color. Rose brushed her fingers against Evie's hardened and apparently aroused nipple, and didn't miss the sudden shiver that rocked Evie's body. She supported Evie's back with her other hand, and gently cupped her breast, finally, with her whole hand. Her fingers wrapped around the whole weight of the breast, like holding a large cantaloupe in one hand. Rose shuddered, feeling the tingle in the palm of her hand spreading throughout her whole body. Quickly, she lifted Evie's breast, and then lifted and adjusted her other breast. Rose was in shock as to how Evie was making her feel. Why did it have to hit her so hard, and so suddenly, with this woman? 
