 -1-

"Samantha, I can see Miss Collins driving down the road, you'd better get on down here."

Sami gritted her teeth at being called Samantha; why can't her mother get it through her head? 

"Okay, momma, I'll be down in just a sec, okay?"

Miss Collins, Sami's high school art teacher, was giving Sami a lift to a new life; the life of a college freshman at one of the better known Universities in New Orleans, a couple of hundred miles and a lifetime away from her family's farm outside of Jackson, Mississippi.

God knows it wasn't because her parents were sending her to college, but she didn't begrudge them that; with her mom's illness and farming being the way it is, there wasn't that kind of money available. Knowing that their life wasn't going to be her life, Sami studied her ass off in high school, and played her ass off in volleyball, and earned a meager aid-grant from the Volleyball Squad and a full-ride academic scholarship.

Still, any spending money at all, she'd have to earn but she was prepared to do that. Hell, she'd done it since she was fifteen by doing model shoots for department stores, and a couple of public relations firms in Jackson. 

Worse case scenario would be that she'd have to get a part-time waitressing job for spending money; not a problem having been there and done that her last two years of school, along with the modeling.

She didn't care what she had to do not to wind up as her parents, living from hand to mouth; she was going to college and leaving Jackson behind her.

Sami had just turned eighteen a couple of months ago but had been her 5'10" height since she was sixteen. Her height, her good looks, and her slim build made her a natural at modeling. No, she'd never be a runway walker for the big 'houses' but she made enough to make it worth her while, and for now, that was enough for her.

"Thanks, again, for getting me to school, Bev," Sami said as they drove from her home, Bev's car loaded with Sami's crap.

Sami called Miss Collins, Bev, when there was no one else around; never in front of other students, never in front of other adults, only when they were alone, as they were now.

"I'm happy to do it, Sami; I need to be in the City for the conference anyway, and it gives us a bit of 'alone' time," Beverly Collins said, glancing sideways to Sami, a rush of heat finding its way to Bev's crotch when she did so.

Reaching the end of the dirt road where it 'Teed' to the highway that would lead them to I-55, Bev and Sami leaned towards each other and kissed a sensuous, lingering kiss.

They'd decided to go to New Orleans a day ahead of Bev's conference and a day before Sami could check into the freshman dorm. Their cover story was an overnight stay with a long-time friend of Bev's and to check out the art department of LSU, in Baton Rouge.

The true reason, of course, was so that they could have a night of love for themselves, a night of unhurried love-making, one last time.

Sami and Bev had been lovers for her entire high school career; not Sami's only lover, but then, Bev didn't know that, nor did Sami think it important for her to know that.

Not that Sami had 'that' many lovers, not in the whole scheme of things. Besides Miss Collins, there had been a few, secretive liaisons with a couple of team-mates from her volleyball squad, and of course, dear, sweet cousin Charlene, who had introduced Sami to the sweetness of making love with another girl.

Charlene was three years older than Sami and from the time that Sami could walk, she followed Charlene around like a little puppy. As they grew older together, they were 'joined at the hip' it seemed, hardly ever seeing one without the other. Charlene's mom and Sami's dad were siblings, and lived 'down the road' a short way from Sami's place.

They spent countless overnights with each other from the time that they were in elementary school together. They always had fun, playing together as youngsters, but when Sami began to bud into the tall, willowy beauty that she would become, their relationship changed in not-so-subtle ways.

The secretive late-night gossip sessions, after the adults were in bed, evolved into kissing games, which evolved into touching games, which evolved into...Well, you get the idea.

Charlene taught Sami many things about making love with another girl, things that both thrilled and scared Sami. Sami would, from time to time, wonder if she was an anomaly, if she and Charlene were 'warped' in some way, defective in some way. That changed for Sami when she entered Miss Collins' art class the very first time, her heart fluttering at the sight of Bev. 

Simply said, Miss Collins became an obsession to Sami, seemingly occupying all of her thoughts.

Sami had heard 'rumors' that Miss Collins was a 'lez' but that seemed to be based on the fact that at 35, she was still unmarried and didn't seem to have a boyfriend in her life. Teenage girls, like Sami's school mates, seem to make quantum leaps in judgment based on nothing at all but guesswork, though in this case, they were right. 

Sami made it her mission to find out for herself about Miss Collins, and she did, much to her delight. As much as she had learned from Charlene, her secret love affair with her art teacher taught her oh, so much more.

Because some of the other students started to 'wonder' about Sami's seemingly lack of interest in boys, Sami acquired a boyfriend of sorts for her last two years of high school. Jared had been a friend since grade school, and they got along well, so it was easy for Sami to fake interest with having Jared as a 'boyfriend'. Oh there were tons of other boys that would've liked to be in Jared's place, dating Sami, but Sami felt safe with Jared.

Before graduation night, Sami and Jared had done nothing more that kiss and pet, she letting him feel her up sometimes; for her, it was nothing more than a way to get her hot so that when she went home after a date with him she would masturbate while thinking of Bev, Charlene, or one of her team mates that she had had sex with.

On graduation night, Sami let Jared get her a bit drunk and she let him fuck her, so that she could 'see' if she was missing something by not being crazy about boys. She had even given him a blowjob that night; a first for them both.

She decided, after that one time, that she wasn't missing a damned thing.

Two days after graduating High School, Sami turned 18, broke up with Jared, and went on a week-long trip to Biloxi, Mississippi with her cousin Charlene and Charlene's roommate from college, Debbie. Debbie's parents had a vacation home in Biloxi and let the girls use it for their get-away trip.

During the days, the three girls enjoyed the beaches and warm water of the Gulf Coast, swimming, tanning, and the like. They flirted with and teased some guys of their own age, but at the end of the day, or evening, they returned to Debbie's parents' place alone, just the three of them.

The first night of their vacation, Charlene and Debbie introduced Sami into threesomes and Sami fucking loved it! The fact of the matter is that Charlene and Debbie treated Sami as their own sex-slave, almost, and Sami loved that as well! Oh, they reciprocated, did Charlene and Debbie, make no mistake about that. Sami's tall, slender body was their playground as well, treating Sami to many delightful orgasms during that splendid get-away romp.

By the time Sami left to go to college, there was little doubt in her mind that she was, indeed, a lesbian and was very comfortable with that self-admission. 

No, Sami had no problems with the realization about who she was.

 ~ ~ ~