 Welcome dear readers, I hope you enjoy reading the story as much as I enjoy writing it. 

Let me tell upfront that this is a long story and that's the reason I decide to publish it in parts. Also want you to know that there is some real long buildup. So anyone looking for some quick sex must be disappointed. I hope you find it worth reading till the end. 

I really want to thank Old naked dad for editing the story. I know how much effort he put into it to make it presentable. 

As this is my first submission so there might be some mistakes and I apologize for that upfront. Any suggestions or any comment is appreciated coz I believe that will help me to Improve only. 

Happy reading. 

***** 

Chapter 1 

"Hey! Watch out!" the teenage brunette snaps at me. 

I nearly bumped into her while leaving the department store, where I work. I should apologize but I have no time for being social and storm towards the nearest bus stop. I am already running late. 

************ 

During the weekdays, afternoons are always slow, especially when it is nearing the month's end. So we have some spare time on our hands and, after my lunch break, I see the owner, Mrs. Thompson, approaching my counter with a smile on her face. I know what is coming because she already mentioned the upcoming party and the new dress she ordered from a nearby boutique. 

I have a quick look at my colleagues and find Bethany (Beth) nearly dragging her body along, with her lunchbox, towards the small storeroom where we generally have our lunch. She is in her mid-forties, has worked here for more than twenty years and, with every passing year, she is becoming slower and slower at the same, monotonous job. 

Stephanie (Steph) and Laurence (Laura) are behind their respective counters but they are too busy to look up. Both of them are teenagers who are always busy with their cell phones. I don't think Mrs. Thompson has much faith in them because they are always so drowned into the social media thing, that they might actually forget about the dress and come back empty handed. 

At the farthest counter, Angelina (Angie) is checking her looks in the small mirror she always carries with her. I don't think Mrs. Thompson is ever going to ask her because she needs at least a half of an hour to touch-up her make-up before she walks out of the store. 

So, I am the one she chooses every time she needs some help. Being a cashier, it is not my immediate job description, except for 'and other duties as required', to fetch the dress for her but I can't say no to the request of the old lady. I still feel grateful to her as she is also one of the people who helped me during the days when I needed it the most. 

I check the time on my watch, it is still a half an hour before my shift ends and the boutique is only two blocks away from the store. So, without wasting any time, I set off as soon as possible, hoping I can get back before my shift ends but it doesn't go as I'd planned. At the boutique, I am told to wait for a few minutes as they need to iron the dress and then pack it properly for delivery. 

Almost twenty-five minutes later when they hand over the package to me, it is already past the end of my shift. I rush back as soon as possible, give the package to Mrs. Thompson, collect my bag before I go out of the shop and storm towards the bus stop. 

I've been waiting for the bus for almost fifteen minutes and I'm not sure what to do. Taking a cab is one of the options, for sure, but it is tough for me to afford one, now. I hope I can get onto the next bus, somehow, and pray to God to keep the traffic to a minimum. I don't want to be late when it comes to Meghan. 

Chapter 2 

My wishes and prayers don't go to complete waste as I'm able to get onto the next bus and there isn't much traffic on the road. When I check my watch, again, I find that I am late by only five minutes and, though I am sweating and don't have much gas left in me, I decide to wrap up the remaining distance as fast as possible. 

"Cotton Candy!" Billy calls out as I take the final turn. 

He is another reminder that the final bell has already rung for the day and the kids are out of school already. I see her before her eyes find me and my heart skips a beat. 

We had a conversation a few days prior, after I was late due to a massive car accident on the road, and it was decided she would remain inside the gate of the school until she saw either me, or her granny, waiting outside and she obeyed the rule.  

She looks a little sad, or maybe worried, as her eyes keep roaming from one person to another until she finds me, then her eyes light up! With a big smile, she jump-skips the stairs and runs towards me. I bend down to pick her up, as always, but Meg has different ideas. Only a foot or two away from me, she launches herself onto my body. 

I am still huffing and puffing and Meg, not being one of the skinny seven year olds, nearly knocks me over. In fact, I am knocked back a step or two but somehow manage to stay standing. I am completely awestruck by the act and Meg starts giggling, enjoying the shocked expression on my face. 

"Meghan!" 

The giggling stops as she knows that when I call her Meghan, instead of Meg, there is something serious that is about to be discussed. She also knows that it is her action that will be under the hammer so she makes her best puppy face, hoping it will help to keep it minimal. Watching her facial expressions change in seconds, I am finding it difficult not to laugh but I hold on to the firm voice. 

"Meghan Jones, you are a big girl now! You should know how to behave in public!" 

Meg is still holding on to her puppy face, expecting a quick escape, but she is not looking into my eyes. Her head is down and her eyes are rooted to the ground, waiting for me to continue. I am not angry at her, just a little surprised by her mischief and, besides, she looks so funny that I really had to try my best not to laugh out loud. So I cut it short. 

"Do you understand?" I ask. 

"Yes, Mom. I'm sorry," Meg replies. 

Oh, God. That is not the answer I was looking for when I started the conversation and I think I overcooked it a little bit. Why would she be sorry? I didn't want her to be sorry for loving me, after all, she is the only light of hope in my life and without her I may have been lost years ago, like a sailor without the guiding star. So I kneel down beside her and pull her chin up to look into her eyes. 

"Don't be sorry, baby. You didn't do anything wrong." 

I see Meg starting to relax but not as completely as I want her to, so I continue. 

"But you shouldn't launch yourself onto me in the future because that can knock both of us down and we both could be hurt. After all, you're not little anymore and Mom is getting older." 

I smile at her and she looks more relaxed. 

"But you're not old!" Meg says. 

This sounds like my girl! She overlooks all of the serious things, her only concern is her mother saying she is getting old. I can't argue much so I pull her into a tight hug and we both start giggling. I take her school bag, which is at least three or four times heavier than mine. 

I don't understand why a student, in Class 2, needs to carry so many books every day and there is also separate copies for homework, class work and rough copies. I don't know if the USA wasn't doing well recently in weightlifting or what...maybe they're trying to train the kids early for the Olympics? 

"Mom," Meg tentatively says. 

We are about to start towards our flat and I know I will be in trouble, soon. The last time I was late to pick her up, she made me buy her an expensive pencil box and visit the zoo during the weekend, which I didn't mind as it was the beginning of the month, but it is almost the end of the month, this time, and money is a little tighter so I try to play clever. 

"It's okay, Meg. Now, we should hurry as we are already late and Granny will be wondering what happened to us if we don't reach home, soon." 

I try to start walking but Meg keeps herself rooted to the ground. 

"Mom!" 

Her voice is a little higher than the last time and I know there is no escape for me. The situation might becomes a little tighter and maybe I need to borrow some money from mom but that is fine as long as it is making my little princess happy. 

"Okay, I'm sorry. Now tell me, what's my punishment for being late?" I ask, hoping she won't ask for anything as expensive as the last time. 

"Cotton candy," Meg replies. 

Ok, at least it starts out well but I am expecting something more to come so I wait for a while but, to my surprise, she didn't say another word. 

"That's all?" I ask, still in disbelief that she is letting me go so cheaply this time. 

"Yup, and you have to take me to the park today." 

I can't believe my luck, then I realize Meg is really growing up. She knows that money is always tight at the month's end so she chose something that isn't going to cost me too much. I am so amazed by her understanding that I take her into my arms, which is followed by a flurry of kisses all over her face, before I let her go. I see the mischievous smile on her lips as she takes two steps backwards. 

"Mom! You're also a big girl and you should also know how to behave in public." 

With that said, she turns and starts running towards Billy's shop. She has her hands over her mouth, which was not helping much, to stop her from giggling. I am dumbstruck, trapped by my own words. She is getting more clever and mischievous day by day. After a few moments, when I got my senses back, Meg is almost halfway to the shop as I follow her. 

Chapter 3 

"Hey, Billy," I say as I reached his small shop. 

"Howdy, Oli. How are you?" Billy asks with his big bombarding voice. 

**************** 

Billy is somewhat similar to the Santa Claus I have always imagined. He is big and fluffy and has a deep voice. His beard and hair are turning almost completely white with every passing year but it is the nature of the big, old man which certainly has more similarities than his looks. 

Right after my father's death, when we were literally thrown out of our own house, Billy came to our rescue. Until then, we had never met him nor heard of him as one of my father's friends but when his, so called, 'close friends' betrayed or simply turned their backs towards us, Billy provided us with shelter. 

We had a few jewels and mom had some savings in her old college account which was barely enough for us to buy a small, two room, moderate flat in the same neighborhood. He also helped me get the job with Mrs. Thompson, who is his cousin, and his recommendation was all I needed to get the job. 

Billy was never married but he is well off. He has two shelters to take care of and we came to know that he knew my father as dad had also donated a few times for Billy's shelters, a side of my father totally unknown to us, until we met Billy. He never did disclose the amount nor were we keen to know it. 

*************** 

When I reach the counter, I see two little boys standing inside, which is nothing new. I know he always provides a few freebies to the poor or homeless kids so I am sure that when those kids go home, or back to their shelters, they won't go back empty handed. 

"I'm good. How are you? And how's your business running?" I ask. 

"I'm good, also. Meet my two new helping hands. This is Jon, on the cash register, and this is Tommy, on packaging." 

This is something new for me. I wonder how much help these two will be but they might need something on a daily basis and Billy wouldn't want to hurt the ego of the kids, or their parents, by providing freebies everyday but, by working for him, whatever he is going to offer them is rightful. 

"Hi, Jon! Hey, Tommy!" 

I wave to both of them. 

"Hey, Miss Jones! Meg has already ordered a cotton candy. Do you want anything?" Tommy asks. 

He must know my daughter, and me, too. I don't need anything in particular but it is hard to say no. 

"Make that two," I reply. 

I am impressed by the way Tommy wraps them so beautifully and I am more surprised when Billy has me pay Jon for the orders. He calculates it correctly and gives me the exact change back. Billy is not only providing them with freebies but he also gives them hands on experience, in different fields of jobs, which may become handy when they grow up and start searching for jobs. 

After saying goodbye to Billy and his two new, so called, 'helping hands', we head home. Meg is only a few feet ahead of me, floating like a butterfly, chewing her cotton candy and babbling about all that has happened in school today. I love to see the way her expression changes when the topic jumps from one to another. 

While chewing my own cotton candy, I have to nod often to let her know that I am listening to her. I love her, Meghan Jones, my seven year old daughter, and I am Miss Olivia Jones twenty eight years old and we are heading to our home on the northwestern side of San Jose, a small town in California, USA, where my mother, Mrs. Rosalind (Rose) Jones is waiting for us to return. 

*************** 

Chapter 4 

Friday is no exception. There are fewer customers and work is slow. It is around twelve pm, just after my lunch break, I see Mrs. Thompson again approaching my counter with the same smile. I am surprised because she purchased a dress the day before, so I don't think she will be buying another one and I am sure I won't be going to the boutique. 

My anticipations became partially true as she isn't getting a new dress but I need to visit the boutique again as the dress, which was delivered to her, is a bit loose so it doesn't fit properly. There must have been an error in the measurements so Mrs. Thompson also give a dress, which does fit her properly, to take measurements from. 

I am happier today. I have enough time on my hands and I don't think the job will take much time. I just have to give the dresses to the tailor and collect them the next day when it is done. So, I walk slowly enjoying the sun and watching the people pass by. I am enjoying the small break. 

I eventually reach the boutique, push the glass door open, go in and one of the sales girls comes rushing to help me with the situation I have in my hand. I recognize her but I don't know her name although she knows me. I have been to that shop, mostly alone, many times during the last few years, including once or twice alongside Mrs. Thompson. I tell the girl about the fitting issue, give her both of the dresses and, asking me to wait, she disappears downstairs with them. So I start looking at this and that until the girl returns. 

"We are really sorry about the mistake in measurements and our tailor is working on it. You may come back after two hours and collect them or you may wait until she's done." 

It is nearly twelve-thirty pm and I have to leave by one-thirty to pick up Meg from school. There is no way I can wait or come back, after two hours, to collect the dresses but I can do it the next day. 

"Thanks. You're working on it and I appreciate that you want to give it back as soon as possible but it's not possible for me to collect it today. So if I come tomorrow morning, can you please finish the job before then?" I ask. 

All I expect is a nod, or something, but it really surprised me when she again went inside instead of answering. I am only asking them to keep it for the rest of the day so I can pick it up the next morning, I didn't know she needs to seek permission from someone to do that. The girl comes back within a minute, as expected, but what she tells me is not what I am expecting to hear. 

"I'm sorry, we will be closed tomorrow and, due to some renovation work that will be going on, we won't be open again until after the renovation is done and we can't confirm when the reopening date will be, yet. So, if the dress is for a particular occasion, or something, I request you to please wait. We'll try to stitch it as soon as possible." 

I am in trouble! I know Mrs. Thompson needs her dress the next day for a party and there is no way I can go back without the dress if they are going to be closed but I can't wait for two hours, either. I can call mom and ask her to pick up Meg from school but her eyesight is not good and it is hard to control Meg once she is out of school. I am okay with mom taking her to school because there isn't much rush in the early hours but in the afternoon, the roads are busier and I don't want either of them to run into something. 

"Okay, I understand your concern and I need the dress, too, but I need to visit someone in an hour so can you please deliver it to the department store two blocks away from here. I can write down the address if you need it," I said. 

"I'm sorry, Ma'am, we don't have a delivery person but you can talk with the owner to determine if she can help you" 

I am thinking about calling mom as soon as possible so she'll have enough time to get ready and pick up Meg because there is no way I can leave the dress but, knowing the owner and Mrs. Thompson know each other, personally, I think about giving it a try so I nod in appreciation. 

My eyes follow her as she goes to the rear of the shop. Although I am too far away to hear them, she must be telling the owner about my issue and that's when I see the deep green eyes for the first time but as soon as our eyes met, she turns her face in a hurry. This surprises me, maybe even makes me a little curious, because she is gorgeous, one of the most beautiful girl I've ever seen. The way she behaved when our eyes met is not very normal and she never looks towards me after that. At last, the owner stands up and makes her way towards me. 

"Hi, I'm April, the owner of this store. I wish we could deliver the dresses but we don't have a person to deliver," she said. 

I knew this already. Maybe I'm hoping for a miracle but I have to call mom now. I am about to thank her for her time when I see that green-eyed girl looking at me again. Not directly, this time, but there is a mirror in front of her that she is looking at me through. Soon, our eyes meet again and she looks like a deer caught in headlights. 

She knows I had already caught her looking at me through the mirror, she blushes and turns her face. I become more curious. I know there are girls who are interested in girls but she is young and beautiful, she wouldn't fancy me! I am lost in thought before April's voice jolts me back into reality. 

"As Mrs. Thompson is one of our long-time customers and you have somewhere to go, you can come back at twelve pm, sharp, tomorrow to meet the person waiting, with the dresses, for you," she ends with a smile. 

This is more than I had expected. I know Mrs. Thompson has been a customer of that shop for years, but there are not many shops that will open for a single pick-up. I am touched by April's generosity and thank her again and again before I leave. I am happy I don't have to call mom and I can pick-up Meg myself. It has turned out to be a nice day for me, after all. 

Chapter 5 

Saturday is a little busier than the weekdays so time flies by and it is only five minutes to twelve pm when I recall that I need to visit the boutique to collect the dresses and realize I have to leave in a hurry! April has been really generous to me and I don't want to repay her by making the delivery person wait so I walk fast and, just before I get there, my heart sinks because it looks like the boutique is closed. 

I hope April isn't playing a prank on me. She told me to be here by twelve pm, sharp, and I am sure it is past twelve. Maybe the delivery person waited for me and closed just after twelve but I need that dress, anyway. As I get closer, I see a girl standing near the boutique, wearing a hooded jacket, and she has a bag in her hand. 
