 It was late in the evening and the sun was about to set. I was driving along a country road on my way to a business meeting in a city about 4 and a half hours from where I lived. I had decided to drive because I thought it would be fun. I was marketing strategist for a small firm. It was a whole lot of fun. I got to meet new people and make tons of friends. It was safe to say that I was pretty well off financially. Had my parents not emigrated from the Philippines and had I been born and raised there, things might not have been as good. But nevertheless I was very proud to be Phillipino. I had nice long shining black hair, brown beautiful eyes and a great body. I had a pretty good-sized chest, 36C and an ass to kill for. It was essential that I take care of my light brown skin, keeping it as soft as possible. I even put lotion on my breasts and ass. I was pretty tall too actually, the tallest in my family, 5'8. Overall I was happy with my looks and everything.

Anyways I was driving along the countryside when out of nowhere my car stalled. I parked it off to the side and popped the hook open. I looked inside and did a little investigating but found nothing. I began to worry. It was getting late and I was afraid I was going to be stuck for a while. My meeting was not for two days but I had promised a friend that I would meet her and I didn't want to disappoint her by showing up late or not showing up at all. After thinking what to do next, since my cell phone was dead, I decided to walk to the nearest house. 

I walked up to a house that looked more like a cottage. The lawn was neatly cut and there were flowers planted all over. Off to the side was a barn painted in the classic red. It was probably the most decent house in the area and probably the nicest people as well. So I went up the door and rang the bell. After ringing it twice a lady with brunette hair opened the door. She was about my height and a bit bigger than me in terms of weight but not fat. She was wearing a tight dress with almost all of the buttons open on top and the skirt part barely covering half of her thigh. She had brown, almost black eyes. She was very surprised to see me, most probably because I was coloured and was dressed very conservative in my business attire; pink silk blouse with a black blazer and black pants. But when she saw me, she smiled.

"Hello! Can I help you?" she said in a soft cute voice.

"Um yea, Hi, my name is Lin. I'm sorry to bother you but my car just broke down and my cell phone is dead so I was wondering if I could use your phone for a minute to call a tow truck."

"Well you know what, it's a funny thing, when I woke up I discovered that my phone was dead as well. I don't know what's going on here, its been going off and on for the past few days. I'm sorry." She had regret in her voice.

"Well can I charge my cell here, I have the charger in the car, I just need an outlet."

"Ok yea, that's not a bad idea."

"Ok then, I'll just run to the car and grab it and I'll be back in a minute."

"Alright then! I put on some tea for you."

I laughed and said thank you as I ran to the car. 

After getting the cell and charger and plugging it into one of the outlets in the house, the lady and I began to talk as we sipped tea. I discovered that her name was Elizabeth and that she was single. She had inherited the farm from her parents who died in an accident and she being the only child in the family, it all went to her. We didn't discuss age but she looked to be at least 27, 28ish, much younger than me, I was 31. Time flew so fast talking with Elizabeth I didn't realize that we talked for 3 hours straight. By the time I looked up at the clock it was 12:15 in the morning. 

"Since it is late, you might as well stay the night and call a tow truck the next morning, how bout it?"

"Well if it won't bother you that would sound nice."

"Great. I'll show you to your room, I'll give you some extra clothes and towels so you can take a shower and clean up."

I made my way up to the bedroom where she offered me anything in the closet. She offered to wash my clothes as well, which was very nice of her. She said that by the time I woke up they would be on my bed, pressed and ready. I told her she didn't have to go though all that trouble but she insisted. I thanked her and went to the washroom to take a shower. After I got out and was about put some beauty cream when I heard a knock on the door.

"Good news Lin, the phone is back and up and running."

"Oh ok, thanks a lot, I'll call the tow truck in the morning then."

I got out of the shower saw a dim light coming out of a half shut door. I was about to walk in and thank Elizabeth for all that she had done for me but I stopped to see what she was doing in the bedroom. What I saw shocked me. There was Elizabeth sitting on the chair in front of her computer with one leg spread and her foot on the chair. One hand was on the mouse and the other hand was rubbing and finger banging her pussy. Her eyes were closed and I could hear her whimper and moan ever so slightly. I smiled and let her continue doing what she was doing. I could understand, her being alone, not with anyone.

The next morning I got up and my clothes were on the chair beside my bed, washed and pressed. I smiled and thought, how sweet of her! I went to the washroom and washed up. I put on my clothes and went downstairs. There was Elizabeth cooking breakfast, just for me.

"Thank you Elizabeth for my clothes. Your so sweet!"

"That was no problem. Its not everyday I have guests over. Why don't you eat some breakfast and then call the tow truck."

I agreed. After eating her delicious pancakes and French toast and drinking some tea I phoned the nearest tow truck company. After talking to them they said that the earliest they could come is at 8:00 in the evening.

"What are you kidding me? That's so late though!"

I had no choice so I agreed for them to come later that evening. 

"Well in the mean time why don't we go out and push your car over here so it can be safe?"

"Yea that's a good idea. Lets do it."

"Ok, just let me change and I'll meet you outside."

Not paying attention to the dark clouds and what looked like rain coming this way I headed out leafing my blazer behind. A few minutes later, Elizabeth came out wearing a low cut tank top with no bra, and very short jeans that looked like they had been make from an old pair of jeans with the legs cut off. The tank top complemented Elizabeth's large breasts, as did her tight jeans to her ass. Out we headed to the car.

On our way back as we were pushing the car, there was some light rain but nothing serious. But then around three quarters of the way there it just started pouring like someone had turned on a faucet. We quickly pushed the car up into the driveway, screaming with fun as we did. 

"Come on lets run to the barn!" yelled Elizabeth. We both screamed and ran to the barn splashing into the puddles as we ran. We were both dripping wet. My hair as well as Elizabeth's was all over the place, like we had just come out of the shower without drying our hair. We both laughed and climbed up to the top of the barn where she kept the extra hay.

"Oh my god that was so much fun!" said Elizabeth excitedly.

"I know1 Look at us, we're soaking!" I laughed.

We got to talking again while we waited for the rain to calm down. We were both sitting on our legs, as we didn't want the hay to stick to our cloths until we got a bit dry. As we were talking I couldn't help look at her breasts. I guess she was cold and her nipples were fully visible and erect. Nevertheless I tried to ignore them and continue on with the conversation. I couldn't help but notice that every few seconds she would look down at my breasts and bite her lip. So when she got up to get some matches to light the lantern I looked down at my silk blouse to discover that it was clinking onto them like saran wrap. My bra was practically all visible through the material. I looked up to see what Elizabeth was doing. She was lighting the lamp so I quickly tried to adjust my breasts and bra but it was too late. Elizabeth saw me with my hands cupping my breasts.

She looked at me and smiled. After she blew out the match she got on all fours and started crawling towards me as her ass stuck out and all but her nipples revealed themselves as her breasts swung left right and centre. I didn't exactly know what was going on. Her lips came close to mine and just before they made contact she whispered, "Do you know how sexy you look in the light right now?" Then she leaned over, her eyes closed and kissed my lips with a soft, kiss. I didn't know what to do. I did have some bisexual fantasies but I had never been with another girl and surly never saw Elizabeth in a sexual way. But for some reason, possibly out of the sudden excitement that I started to feel a tingle in my pussy. I let her kiss me for a second time but this time I opened my mouth as well. 

She broke off the kiss and slowly reached down and started unbuttoning my blouse. 

"I don't think we should be doing this Elizabeth... " I said in a quivery voice.

She put her index finger to my lips and said, "Hush, hush. Your blouse is wet, we need to take it off so it can dry." With the last button undone, she slipped my blouse off and neatly placed in on a pile of hay nearby. Next she stood on her knees and slowly took off her tank top revealing her milky white breasts as they bounced into place. I looked at them. They looked so soft and they were quite big as well, I would guess around 35 to 38 C. 

"Lets get this bra off to shall we? It looks pretty wet as well." She reached her hands behind me and undid my bra, sliding it ever so slowly off my body. So there I was with Elizabeth and I, sitting in a barn with our shirts off. Slowly but surly I was beginning to see what was going to happen. I started to get turned on as I could feel my pussy begin to get moist and warm relative to the environment outside of my pants. 

Elizabeth started admiring my breasts, fondling and kneeing them. The more she touched my breasts the more I started getting turned on, wet and erotic. Shivers went down my spine. After playing with my breasts for a while she reached behind me, putting her hands on my plump ass and slid my pants down. Putting them on the side she took my panties off and held them up to her nose, sniffing them like she was smelling a flower. She moaned as she took a whiff of them, squeezing her breasts with one hand. She then got me to sit up on a square stack of hay. Gently she undid the button and unzipped her short, slowly slipped them off revealing her shaved pussy. Glistening in the light of the lantern, I could feel the sent of her intoxicating sex ooze towards me. Getting down on all fours and sticking her ass out she gently spread my legs open and revealed my wet pussy to her. Putting her hands on my thighs for support she started licking my pussy. The feeling was electrifying. I closed my eyes and moaned in delight.

"Mmmmmmmm..ooohhhhh... oohhhhh yea... mmmmmmmmmm.." 

Her licks started to intensify. Her warm wet tongue explored every area of my pussy, teasing my clit often. All I could do was moan and rub my breasts and squeeze my nipples. Her soft hair rubbing against my legs heightened the experience. Soon she was sucking on my pussy and her tongue was beginning to enter me. Her hands began to move from my thighs to my love handles and eventually to the top of my ass, digging her nails into my flesh. My moans started to turn into screams as she dug her tongued into my pussy. 

"Ohhhhhhh yeeeeeaaaa... oooooooohhhhhhh... godddd... oh yeeeaaaa... yessss... yeeeeesssss... "

I could smell the aroma of my sex as well as hers. My body began to sweat, as it got ready to orgasm. Slurping sounds filled the barn as she struggled to keep up with my pussy. Finally I came.

"OHHHHHHH GODDDDD... IM CUUMMMMINGGGG... AAAAAAHHHHHH... OOOOOHHHHHHH FUCK... AAAAHHHH FUCK... OOOOHHH YEAAAAAAA... OHHHHHHHHH... AAAAHHHHH... FUCK YES... YEESSSS... OHHH FUCK YESSS... AHHHHHHH... GOD... OOHHHH MY GODD... FUCK ME... YESS..OOHHHHH... 

My body started to spasm. This overwhelming feeling that I had never felt before overcame my body. I kept cumming over and over. I screamed with pleasure as my pussy became more and more sensitive. Elizabeth struggled to hold on to me, determined to not let go as I oozed into her mouth. It was the most erotic feeling I had ever experienced, something that I can't explain in words, something a guy could never do. My orgasm finally ended and I collapsed onto the bed of hay beside me. 

"How did you like that hunny?" said Elizabeth with a smile.

"Oh my god... where did you learn to suck someone like that?" I said, trying to catch my breath. She just smiled at me.

Her naked body climbed up on top of my hot sweaty flesh. Our breasts squeezed together as we made out on the barn floor, rubbing my body with one hand as she stroked my hair with the other. Her wet pussy grinded against my leg as we kissed.

We eventually made our way to the wall of the barn, leaning against it as we kissed and fondled each other's breasts. I knew Elizabeth was getting impatient so I started petting her pussy. At first it was just short strokes but as time went on my stroked got longer and more intense. Her whimpers quickly became moans as her juices oozed onto my hand. Her aroma was stronger than ever at this point. She put her far knee up so I could get better access to her wet cunt. Her hands were busy as well. One hand was on her breast rubbing and squeezing her nipples and her other hand was on my breast rubbing and pushing my nipples in and out with her fingers. Besides rubbing her pussy, my other hand was grasping her cheek as I kissed her. Soon I started to finger bang her with my index finger. I kept playing with her clit and shoving my finger deep into her hot cunt. It didn't take long before three fingers were inside her. She stated breathing heavier and faster, gasping for air at times as I intensifying the action of my fingers. Her moans turned into short, loud screams.

"Oooohhhhh..Ahhhhhhhh... Fuck..Ohhhhhh Fuck... Goddddd... Yesss... Ohhhhhh yess..

Her hand moved away from my breast and onto hers as she started pumping her own breasts inside and out. My hand moved from her face to the side of her ass, as I slapped it from time to time. I was surprised she still managed to keep her lips on mine. Finally she came.

"OOOOOHHHHHH... AAAAAAAAHHHHHH YYYYEEAAAAA... YEEEESSSS..OOOOOOOOHH FUCKKK..GODDDD... OOOHHHHHH YEAAAAA..OOOOHHHH FUCK..OOOOHH FUCK... AAAAAHHHHH YEEEESSSSSSS... "

Her body shuttered and spasmed against the barn wall and me. Her screams of pleasure filled the barn. Pussy juice gushed out of her and onto my hand and wrist. Her pussy walls contracted against my fingers tightly. It was one hell of an orgasm. After it was over Elizabeth slouched down against the wall, trying to catch her breath as her breasts heaved up and down. I took my fingers out of her pussy hot and spread her warm juices over my breasts and licked my fingers like I just finished a meal. As Elizabeth recovered from her strong orgasm I lifted my breasts close to my mouth and licked them with her flavours on them. She tasted great. After she caught her breath she came up to me, crawled between my legs and started licking my breasts and sucking my hard nipples. 

After a while we decided to get dressed and go back inside where we took a shower together to get cleaned off. A bit later, after our lustful shower the tow truck arrived and fixed the car. I ended up staying with Elizabeth an extra night but I wasn't disappointed. We barely got any sleep as we ended up having sex for most of the night. Later on in the morning I got up and got ready to head out. Elizabeth and I exchanged phone numbers, Emails and all that, promising to please each other when were not around. I gave her one last lustful kiss and headed out. 

* * * * *

***Remember, and comments, suggestions, question, just email me. And keep those pics coming everyone! J***