 Chapter 6 -- Country Store

I woke slowly as I felt Tracy move slightly. I realized I was still cuddled up behind her with my arm around her. She felt soft and warm. I could not remember ever feeling so comfortable. I whispered in her ear.

"Good morning, sweetie." I said.

"How did last night go?" I heard her respond.

I looked at her ear and her beautiful neck. I felt a warmth hit me in the chest. I didn't know if it was passion, love, or some other emotion, but it felt wonderful. I leaned in and kissed her neck softly. I heard her moan.

"Last night went great and you were right." I said.

"Right about what?" I heard her respond in a sleepy, soft voice.

"I ended up on my back with my feet in the air." I whispered.

Tracy turned quickly to lie on her back and was looking up at me. I smiled at her. She had a big smile on her face and I could tell she wanted to hear it all.

"So give me the details, you little whore." She said with a giggle.

I heard her comment and it made me laugh. If I had been called a whore a few months ago I would have been crushed. Now it was almost a term of endearment. I couldn't be too upset about it; I did fuck four guys last night and some of them more than once. I guess I was sort of a whore.

"Where do you want me to start?" I asked.

"Wherever you want, baby." She said.

"How about I start with my trip home from last semester?" I said.

Tracy looked up at me and her smile faded. She had known for a while I was keeping a secret but she never pressed and had just been a supportive friend. I had decided she needed to know everything.

"Are you sure, sweetie?" she asked.

I nodded, and then proceeded to tell her everything that had happened to me since my trip home last semester. I told of the first rape on the way home and then the double rape on the way back here. I told her of the brutal fucking Ken gave me the night we arrived and finally all of the details from the frat party. When I finished I felt like a huge weight had been lifted off of me. My heart was beating hard and I felt nothing but happiness flowing through me. I looked down at Tracy's pretty face and I kissed her lips softly.

She responded with a whimper as my tongue split her lips and touched hers. I kissed her hard and ran my hand up to hold her firm breast. I felt her little nipple tighten immediately and I squeezed it gently. I was rewarded with a moan into my mouth as I continued to kiss her. I pulled back slowly and I saw her eyes closed with her mouth open slightly. I rubbed her breast and then ran my hand down her tight stomach. I heard her take a deep breath and felt her body flinch beneath me as I reached the edge of her panties.

I ran my finger lightly along the edge of her panties. She moaned again and I felt her hips push up slightly. I ran my hand down her soft leg and then back up to her crotch but I didn't touch her hot little box. She spread her legs more and lifted her hips again. I ran my hand down her other leg and I leaned over and kissed her again. She kissed me back hard as I felt her arms wrap around me. She put a hand on the back of my head and pulled me towards her. My hand ran up her leg again and then across the top of her panties.

I pulled back away from her and saw the pure passion in her eyes. She looked at me and I felt her move her hands down. I looked down and she pulled her legs together and ripped her panties down her legs. I saw the light brown hair on her pussy as she pulled her panties off her feet and tossed them onto the floor. She continued to stare into my eyes as she spread her legs wide. I felt her left hand on the back of my head again. I didn't know where her right hand was until I felt her grab my hand and slam it right over her pussy. I felt the heat immediately as I left my hand covering her sex. 

I kissed her hard and slipped my left leg over hers. I felt her move her leg up between my legs and pushed on my pussy. We were both grinding into each other as our tongues intertwined in each other's mouths. I could feel the heat rising in our bodies as I kissed her hard.

I pulled away and moved down to her chest. Her nipples were rock hard and I flicked my tongue across the right one. She gasped and put her hands on my head. I sucked her nipple into my mouth and bit it gently. She ran her hands through my hair and moaned. I pulled off and sucked in the other nipple. She tasted wonderful. A thought ran through my head suddenly that I had never done this before. I wondered how I knew what to do and I realized I was just doing what I would want done to me. Ah, the golden rule, I chuckled as I ran my tongue across her stomach down to her belly button.

I scooted down and held her thighs as I lifted my head. I looked at her pussy wide open before me. I had never seen a pussy this close before. It was beautiful. I leaned in and touched my tongue to her swollen clit. I finally heard her actually use words.

"Oh God, yes, Kim, yes," she said in a low, breathy voice and tried to pull my head into her.

I touched her clit and she gasped again. I ran my tongue down her lips, across the moist opening. She tasted great as I savored my first pussy. I worked my way back up to her little clit and sucked it into my mouth. Her hands squeezed the back of my head. I moved my hand off her thigh and between her legs. I touched the soft inside of her open pussy as I sucked on her clit. I felt her open her legs wider. I pushed a finger into her opening and it slipped right in, helped by her sopping juices.

I rammed my finger deep into her until I felt my hand hit her pussy. I pulled my finger out slowly and let my teeth brush across her clit. I heard her moans intensify. I wondered for a second if anyone else was up this morning. If not, maybe they soon would be!

I could tell she was getting close as I slipped my finger out of her. I ran my finger around her wet lips and then down towards her ass. I flicked her clit again with my tongue as my finger reached her little rosebud. I touched her asshole lightly and she flinched again. I sucked her clit hard and pushed my finger into her butt. She exploded and pulled my head hard between her legs. I held on with one hand as she bucked off the bed. I felt her wrap her legs around my head and scream. She bucked again and I held on. I sucked on her clit through her entire orgasm until she pulled me off.

"Oh Kim, that was great, where did you learn that?" she said, trying to catch her breath.

I just shrugged and smiled at her. I moved back up and kissed her hard. She wrapped her arms around me and hugged me tight. I stopped kissing her and put my head into her neck and held her. I didn't know what the future would hold for me but I knew this felt good and I decided I would take everything one moment at a time. I closed my eyes and held on.

"Kim, wake up." I heard a soft voice and a touch on my shoulder. 

I opened my eyes slowly and saw Tracy looking at me.

"We fell back asleep, sweetie, it's almost noon," Tracy said.

"Oh wow, I guess we should get up," I responded.

"I am kinda hungry," Tracy said.

When she said that my stomach growled in response. I realized I was really hungry too. I sat up in bed and looked at her. Her face was beautiful, even without makeup, and her hair looked even better not brushed. I reached out and touched her. Her little tits were adorable and perfect for her. Her stomach was tight and I ran my hand across it. Her pussy was covered in light brown hair and I brushed my fingers across it. Her legs were also perfect and felt soft but firm to the touch.

"You better stop that or I am going to attack you again," Tracy said.

I laughed at her and touched her pussy. She jumped up and I scrambled up quickly. I ran across the room but she caught me quick. She wrapped her arms around me from the back and grabbed both of my tits. 

"I have you now," she said with a cackle and squeezed my breasts.

I laughed and reached around to slap her ass. She squeezed my tits harder and I screamed.

"Ouch," I said.

"That's right, bitch, don't mess with me or I'll tear them off," she said.

I started laughing really hard and I heard her lose it and start laughing too. We both fell to the floor and I could not stop laughing. I was sitting naked on my dorm room floor with my naked roommate and I could not stop giggling. I looked at Tracy and she was crying as she laughed. I felt my own tears run down my cheeks and I realized I hadn't laughed that hard in quite a while. I knew it was the freedom I now felt that was allowing me to do this.

We finally stopped and got up to get dressed. I grabbed a little sundress and slipped it on. 

"You gonna wear any underwear, slut?" Tracy said.

"No, I don't feel like it," I said and looked in the mirror.

The sundress was dark blue so nothing showed through. The shoulder straps were wide and met in the middle of my chest where four buttons tried to hold the material together. Two of them were undone and the material was stretched across my ample chest. I grabbed my breasts and realized they were going to shake a lot without any support but I decided I didn't care today. It felt nice and I was going to do it. I walked over to the door and opened it.

"You coming naked?" I asked.

"Hold on, give me a minute, bitch," Tracy said.

I closed the door and she grabbed a pair of pink panties and slid them on. She grabbed a white cotton dress and slipped it over her head. It was tight on the top and her breasts filled it nicely. I knew if her little nipples got hard they were going to stop traffic. The dress came to the middle of her thighs and looked absolutely adorable on her. She spun around and the skirt flew up a bit, showing a little more thigh.

"What do you think?" she asked.

"Good enough to eat," I responded.

She looked over at me and laughed, both of us realizing what I had just said. I tried not to start another laughing fit and opened the door to leave. I recognized as I stepped into the hall that I had no shoes on. I jumped back in and slid on my sandals. Tracy slid hers on and we left our room.

We walked through the lobby and I heard the conversation die down a little as we passed through. I knew all of the guys in the lobby were now feeling a little tight in their pants. I stuck my chest out a little more as I walked and then there was no sound. I smiled at Tracy as I opened the door to leave.

"You are such a slut," she whispered.

"I know; I love it," I answered.

"Good thing I'm here or you would end up fucking the entire school," she observed.

"I never thought of that, how many students do we have?" I inquired.

She pulled me out of the dorm onto the porch and slapped my ass. 

"Come on slut, let's get something to eat," she said and pulled me down the steps.

We walked across campus holding hands towards the food court. I didn't even think about the fact I was walking and holding another girl's hand. I smiled at my newfound attitude. It felt so refreshing to not worry about what anyone else thought.

We arrived at the burger place and walked in. We went up to the counter and placed our order. They gave us a number and we turned to find a seat. I looked over and saw Ken sitting with a bunch of guys. I grabbed Tracy and pulled her over.

"Hey Ken," I said as I walked up.

He turned around and I kissed him full on the lips. He looked at me with a stunned look on his face. I pulled Tracy up next to me.

"You remember Tracy, right?" I said.

He shook his head slowly and smiled at her. I looked past him to see who else was at the table. There were three other guys and I didn't recognize the first one. I looked at the other two and recognized them immediately as the two guys who were with us in the room at the end of the frat party. These two guys had fucked me only last night. I paused for a second as my mind struggled with how to react. The two guys were looking at me, waiting to see what I would do.

I let go of Tracy and stepped over to the first one. I pulled him off his stool and gave him a big hug. I felt my breasts squish against his chest. He hugged me back. I went over to the other one and also gave him a hug. His hands moved down to my ass and gave me a light squeeze. I slapped him lightly on the chest.

"You're bad," I said with a chuckle.

"Not as bad as you," he responded with a whisper.

I walked back over to Ken and put my arm around him.

"Kim, this is Joey," he said and gestured towards the one guy I didn't know.

"Hi Joey, nice to meet you," I said and smiled.

"This is Kim?" Joey asked.

"Yes," Ken responded.

Joey stood up and grabbed my hand. He pulled it up to his mouth and kissed it. I felt like a princess. He looked right at me.

"I am honored to meet royalty," he said.

I looked at him funny.

"Baby girl, you are famous at the house now. We have been watching video of you all morning. You are special," he said.

I looked at Ken quickly. He knew what I was thinking.

"They taped the contest," he said.

"All of the contest?" I asked.

"Well, everything except the last part," he observed.

I breathed a sigh of relief. For some reason I didn't mind the guys watching me wrestle naked but I didn't feel right about them watching me fuck four guys. I might be a slut but I wasn't ready to be a porno star.

I looked over at the other two guys and they seemed to be of the same mind as me from their expressions. I leaned over and whispered in Ken's ear.

"I'm sorry, Kim. This is Tommy and James," Ken said and gestured to my two lovers who I had let hammer my pussy without even knowing their names.

I smiled at them both.

"Everyone, this is Tracy," I said and pulled her to the edge of the table for the introduction.

I looked back at her and noticed her nipples were starting to show themselves. I think she must have figured out who these guys were. I looked at her and she looked a little nervous. I put my arm around her and kissed her cheek.

"This is my best friend in the world," I stated and squeezed her.

All of the guys nodded towards her and said hello. 

"Well, guys, our food is almost ready, we are going to go find a seat," I said.

"No way," Joey exclaimed and jumped off his stool. 

I watched as he grabbed two more stools and put them between his and Ken's.

"You guys squeeze a little and let these two lovely ladies share our table," Joey said to Tommy and James.

They scooted over and I looked at Tracy with a question on my face. She answered me with a little shrug and a smile. I jumped on the stool next to Ken and Tracy hopped on the one between me and Joey. I scooted the stool close to the table until my legs were all the way under and my breasts were hovering over the table.

"Have you guys eaten yet?" I asked.

"No, our stuff should be ready soon," Ken said.

"Good, I didn't want to eat alone," I said.

"So, guys, you spent all morning watching video?" I asked.

Tommy and James looked a little embarrassed but Joey spoke right up.

"Little girl, you were amazing last night. That bitch Samantha was bragging all week how she was going to get the spot for her little dweeb. You destroyed her." Joey said, shaking his head.

I sort of smiled at him, a little modest. Even with my new attitude I still didn't like bragging. I sort of shrugged at him. As I looked at Joey I felt something touch my right leg. I sat still and realized it was Ken's hand. I did not even acknowledge it as I continued to look at Joey. I slipped my right hand under the table and put it over his. I held it there for a moment and then pushed his hand slowly up my leg. I pulled my hand back out but he got the idea and he continued to slide it farther up. I opened my mouth to answer Joey as I felt Ken's hand hit my upper thigh, inches from my hot steaming little pussy.

"Thank you kind sir, but I think I was lucky," I said.

"Lucky, my ass, that punch was incredible. You knocked the crap out of her and I loved the little exclamation point as you were getting up with a foot to her stomach. That was my favorite part," Joey said.

I smiled sweetly at him as Ken's hand slid up to touch my pussy. He held it there as I think he was a little surprised he did not hit any panties. I looked over at him and smiled. He looked like he was a little in shock.

"So guys, you haven't said anything. What was your favorite part?" I asked Tommy and James.

They looked at each other and Tommy looked back to me.

"I thought the wrestling was good but I liked the last part," Tommy said, smiling.

I felt myself blush as the image returned to me of Tommy between my wide open legs, hammering away at me before he dumped a load inside me.

"You mean the part of Samantha on the table?" Joey asked.

"Yeah, that part," Tommy answered, staring right at me.

I knew the image going through my head was pretty much the same one going through his right now. Ken's finger slid between my pussy lips and I fought to maintain control as he slid it up and down my slit.

"When did Samantha finally get off the table?" I asked.

Joey looked over at Tommy and James.

"I think it was like 3 or 4 this morning, wasn't it guys?" Joey said.

Tommy looked at James and James answered.

"Yep, I think she left around 3:30. Well, she was carried out at around then. She was pretty much out of it by then," James said.

"3:30! You mean she stayed on that table for that long?" I exclaimed.

"Yeah, she sort of deserved it after all the shit she was talking," Joey said.

I looked over at Joey with a question that I couldn't quite phrase. He looked at me and must have read it off my face.

"You see, baby girl, she was saying all week she was going to mess up whoever showed up. When it got to the end, she was actually auctioning off the opportunity to guys to get the first crack at you. You see, the second place finisher gets the table and she was looking forward to seeing you spread across there," Joey said.

I stared at Joey and then looked back to Ken. He sort of shrugged. I looked back at Joey.

"You mean if I had lost I would have been strung up and fucked for 5 or 6 hours?" I asked hesitantly.

"Oh no sweetie, we liked you. You would have only been there for a couple of hours," he said with a smile.

"Oh well, that makes me feel better. Only a couple of hours getting hammered in the middle of the frat house." I could feel myself getting a little upset that no one had bothered to mention that part.

I looked over at Ken and he looked a little sad. I realized that was why he was so adamant with me last night that I didn't have to go through with it. I felt my anger subsiding as I looked at him. His finger sliding across my clit didn't hurt either.

The lady behind the counter yelled a couple of numbers and I heard ours. I started to get up but Joey grabbed my receipt and took off. I sat back down. I felt Tracy leaning into me.

"Did I mention to you that you are a slut?" she whispered in my ear.

I laughed and grabbed her thigh. I pushed her dress up to her waist and she slapped my hand and pulled it back down. I looked past her and saw a couple of guys sitting at a table and knew they had gotten a nice view of her pretty thighs.

Joey came back to the table and handed out the food. I didn't realize how ravenous I was until I took the first bite of the burger. My stomach screamed out for more and I wiped out everything in front of me and quite a few of Ken's fries. We laughed a lot and I had a great time. I looked at the clock on the wall and noticed it was almost 3 o'clock. 

"Wow, it's already 3. I feel like the day flew by," I said.

"Well, when you get up at noon, lazy ass," Tracy said and the guys laughed.

"Like you were up at the crack of dawn," I said to her.

"What are you guys doing tonight?" Joey asked.
