 (This is chapter 18 of a series, it will make a lot more sense if you read them in order)

The Darkness

I woke up and I was warm and very comfortable. I opened my eyes and looked around. I was lying on a stone floor with tall walls all around me. I sat up. The walls looked like they were made of stones all stacked on top of each other. I looked around and the walls were circular, creating a round space. I looked up and saw a small bright light at the top. I was in a well. Well, it seemed like a well but there was no water.

I was wearing a white gown. It was short and only came to the tops of my thighs. I lifted it and I was not wearing any panties. My pussy was still shaved and smooth. I touched it. It was not sore as I remembered the savage fisting I had gotten in the store. The Country Store. The memories came flooding back. Henry forcing me to strip as he cut Tracy's clothes off. Henry cumming on my face. Billy jamming his cock down Tracy's throat and then me grabbing Billy's cock away from Tracy and sucking him off. Henry tying our hands and then bending us over the boxes. I remembered trying to keep them away from Tracy. I remembered Billy then sticking his arm up my pussy. I seemed to remember that hurt, especially when he ripped it out of me. I touched my pussy and it felt fine. I was confused.

I remembered the crash of glass and then Scott holding a shotgun against Henry's chest. Why didn't he just kill him then? I remembered the knife and my anger. Then I remembered Tracy's face as I almost cut her. The fear in her eyes as she looked up at me. She was scared of me. My heart hurt again and my stomach ache came back. I wrapped my arms around myself and started rocking again.

The love came back eventually. Tracy's look of fear faded and was replaced with her smile and her laugh. My stomach ache receded but my heart still hurt. I felt my boobs under my arms and realized I didn't have a bra on either. I looked down and saw my nipples through the thin material. They were not hard but the gown was really thin, it left nothing to the imagination. I looked up again. The light was still there. It was bright but it looked like it was really far away. I stood up.

My gown dropped and I felt a wind. I looked around and the back was open, only held together by two small strings. Great. I felt like I should be cold but I still felt warm and comfortable. It was weird. I looked down and I was barefoot. I was standing on the stone floor but my feet felt soft and warm, like I was standing on a pillow or soft grass. This was getting weirder and weirder. 

I thought of Tracy again. I loved her so much but would she still want me around? Would she want an unstable girl who might stab her or hurt in a moment of rage? I felt the sadness hit me again. What would I do if she left me? I couldn't do it. I needed her. She was the only thing that kept me from going insane. All of the stuff that had happened to me came flying back across my brain. My heart ached again and then I saw Tracy's smiling face in my mind and I felt so much better. I had to try. I had to get back to her. I needed to know. It was my only chance. 

If she didn't want me I could just live down here in this well. It was nice and warm and I wouldn't have to worry about stabbing anyone.

I looked at the walls and there looked to be small footholds in the stone. I put my bare foot into the first one and I saw my red nail polish on my small toes. My feet were really small but the footholds seemed to be the perfect size for them. I pulled myself up off the floor. The stone hurt my foot, well, it seemed like it should hurt but then if I thought about it my feet didn't hurt. I looked down and saw a trickle of blood on one of my toes as I scraped it on the rock. I lifted my other foot and pushed myself up a little more.

I worked for what seemed like hours. I could feel the sweat pouring off of me. My hands and feet were now hurting, even if I thought about them. My fingers were on fire, I had already broken three nails and there were numerous scratches on most of my fingers. My hands looked like they were covered in a light spattering of blood. I didn't even want to look down at my feet.

I looked up and the light was still far. I took a deep breath and rested, holding onto the slick rock with my battered hands and feet. I could do it. I thought of Tracy and her sweet laugh and it gave me strength. I only hoped she would want me. I looked down. I couldn't stop now. The trip back down would be fast and it would really hurt.

I pulled myself up and blazing pain shot through my poor feet. I reached the next small rock with my left hand and pulled. The muscles in my arms were sore but I didn't care. I had to get to her. She was my lifeline now, my savior. If she was with me I could do anything. I had done plenty as I thought back. I beat up Samantha twice. I chuckled a little when I remembered her face as I pummeled it. Then I saw Tracy's face. 

She was smiling. Then the scene changed slightly and I saw the glint of steel as it sliced through her cheek. I saw the look of sadness in her eyes as I cut her cheek wide open. I saw the skin open up wide and the blood pour out of her perfect face. I stopped and tried to slow my breathing. I was getting weak. I was having trouble holding on. I could feel my fingers giving way.

NO!!! My mind screamed and the image of her smile returned. Her face was not cut, it was perfect again. She was looking at me with love, not fear. I could do this. I pulled myself up a little more. I climbed for a long time, my fingers and feet dripping blood down to the floor below. I could feel the blood running down my arms and off my feet. I stopped and looked down and I could see the drops of my blood hitting the stone floor below. I looked up and the light was closer. It still seemed far but it was definitely closer. I felt a little surge of energy when I realized I was actually getting closer now. I grabbed the next rock with my battered right hand and pulled hard. 

I was getting closer to the top and I heard something. I stopped and realized everything had been quiet up until now. I didn't even hear my own breathing. It was perfect silence. I listened hard and was able to hear some soft mumbling coming from above. It sounded like it might be voices. I reached up and continued to climb.

The mumbling got louder and more distinct as I got closer. I climbed faster, paying no attention to the severe pain in my feet and hands. I could make out voices now. Was that Tracy? Ken? Another voice I couldn't place. I climbed a little higher. 

"Why is she like that?" Tracy's voice.

"Maam, physically she is fine." The unknown voice.

"But why doesn't she wake up?" Tracy and I heard her voice crack at the end.

"We don't know yet, Maam. We just have to wait. I will be back in a little while." The unknown voice.

I could hear Tracy crying hard now. Her sobs were deep and it broke my heart.

"It'll be ok baby. She is strong. She will come back to us." Ken's voice.

"But what if she doesn't? Ken, I can't do it by myself anymore. I need her." Tracy's voice and I almost lost my grip as my tears began to run down my cheeks.

I took a deep breath. I had to get to the top. I had to get to them. They were right there, I could hear Ken's breathing. I could hear Tracy crying softly and mumbling. I climbed a little higher.

"Please, please, come back, baby. Come back to me, I need you, I can't do it by myself, please, please, please....come back." Tracy's soft, pleading voice through lots of tears.

I recognized her crying voice. It cut deep into my heart. I felt a little bit of strength run through me. I looked up. I was about 6 feet from the top but the holds looked like they were getting smaller and smaller. I grabbed the next one and pulled myself higher. My feet and hands were on fire but I pushed the pain back. I pulled myself a little higher. I raised my left arm and felt my fingers touch the top and wrap over the edge. I looked down and there were no more footholds big enough for my feet. I would have to pull myself up from here with my arms. I paused, trying to find the strength to do this.

"Ken, it was my fault. She was protecting me, she always protected me. Now she is hurt and I am alone. Who will protect me now? I feel so lost and empty, oh Ken, why did I let her do it? I should have stopped her, I failed her." Tracy's crying voice, fading at the end, the last three words a whisper.

NO!!!!! I felt my scream in my head but no sound came out of my mouth. I felt a surge of power and pulled hard. My right arm found the top and I wrapped my fingers around the edge. My mangled toes scrambled on the slick stone below me. My arms hurt but I kept pulling. My head cleared the top and I reached over to grab the outer edge of the top of the well with my left arm. My boobs were smashed against the hard stone of the top of the well and they hurt. I tried to pull myself up a little more but I couldn't. The sharp edge of the well was cutting into the soft flesh of my breasts. I took a deep breath and looked up.

I saw Tracy. She was about three feet in front of me with bright light behind her. She was wearing my pink tanktop. She was holding her hands together with her forehead against them. Her dark hair was a mess and her cheeks were wet and red. She was crying hard and Ken was rubbing her shoulders. I looked at him and he looked helpless. My heart hurt for him too now. It felt like they couldn't see me. Why? I was right here. I pulled harder with my left arm and my feet scrambled more.

I pulled myself up a little more and my boobs cleared the edge. I felt the pain rip through them as the blood rushed back in. I extended my right arm up and reached for her. I was about 10 inches from her hands. Dammit, I was right here. Please see me, honey. Please help me. I took a deep breath. I stretched and felt my right side hurt. I kept stretching, inches at a time. I was almost to her. I took a deep breath and pushed my fingers farther. Finally I felt my fingertips touch her hands.

Her head snapped up. She was now holding my right hand in her hands. Was she always holding my hand? I looked at her and her eyes opened wide.

"Ken, she's awake! Oh God, oh Kim. Oh baby. Are you ok? Can you hear me? Oh baby, oh sweetie. Thank God." Tracy said and her hands were all over my face.

"Get her parents, Go! Now!" She turned and screamed at Ken with a powerful voice.

I saw Ken scramble and run off and I giggled. She looked down at me. I suddenly felt like I was lying down below her.

"Oh baby, I missed you so. Are you hurt? Kim?" She said, her voice soft again.

I shook my head slowly side to side.

"Oh thank God, oh God, honey, baby, I was so worried. You wouldn't wake up. I needed you to wake up. I needed you. I couldn't do it, my heart was breaking. I thought I had lost you. Oh baby." Tracy said and buried her head in my chest and sobbed hard, squeezing my right hand between us.

I put my left arm over her head and felt a nice warmth run through me. My heart was light, the ache was gone. I was still warm and comfortable and my feet and hands did not hurt anymore. I rubbed her head and ran my fingers through her pretty hair. I looked up at a white ceiling with a long bright light above me. I turned my head to the left and saw a brown door with a little window. I was in a room and it was really quiet except for Tracy's sobs.

The door burst open and my Mom ran in followed closely by my Dad and helpless Ken, still looking scared and lost. I smiled as my Mom got closer and held out my left hand. Tracy was still clamped onto my right.

"Baby girl. Welcome back." My Mom's soft voice as she grabbed my left hand and kissed it.

I felt a single tear slide down my cheek as her voice sounded so nice. It made me feel safe. I looked up and saw my Daddy looking down at me. He looked worried but happy. I smiled at him and he rubbed a rough finger across my cheek, wiping away my tears. I moved my head towards his fingers and he kept touching the side of my face. 

"Honey, are you in pain?" My Mom's voice.

I nodded my head again side to side. She smiled and kissed my hand again. Tracy sobbed hard and Mom looked down. She looked back at me and I shrugged and smiled shyly. Her face broke into a big smile and I knew she knew. She knew what Tracy meant to me. This would be easier than I had hoped. She knew and she was smiling. How could you not smile at the wonderful girl crying on my chest?

I heard something and then I saw a tall man in a white jacket standing at the end of my bed. I was in a bed. I looked at him and he was holding a clipboard and reading it. He looked up at us and then back down. He looked back again quickly at Tracy. He looked back to his clipboard.

"When did she regain consciousness?" He asked without looking up.

My Mom looked at me and then down at Tracy. She touched her shoulder softly.

"Tracy, honey, we need you." Mom said in a gentle voice.

Tracy stood up slowly. Her eyes were puffy and red. Her dark hair was really curly and quite a mess. She held onto my hand and wiped her cheeks with her other hand. She sniffled and then looked at my Mom.

"Honey, the doctor needs to know when she woke up." Mom said gently.

"Just a few minutes ago. I sent Ken for you right away." Tracy said in a shaky voice.

"How did she wake up?" The doctor asked.

Tracy looked confused. She looked at my Mom and then back at me. Then she looked at the doctor.

"She just opened her eyes and looked at me." She said, shakily.

The doctor looked up with a strange look on his face. I looked at Tracy. Tell him baby. Tell him how you brought me back. 

"She just opened her eyes?" He said with a scoff.

Tracy looked at him.

"Yes, I was sitting right here, holding her hand, and praying for her to come back. Then she just opened her eyes and looked at me." She said.

That a girl, I thought.

"Ok. Fine." He said gruffly and wrote something down.

Tracy looked heartbroken. She looked at my Mom. My Mom reached across and touched our hands.

"Dr. Jones. You may leave now. My daughter needs some time alone with her family." My Mom said in a stern but soft voice.

"Mrs. Simpson, we need to run some tests and I will need to get some more information." He said in an authoritative voice.

"No Dr. Jones. You do not. You will leave now and send in Dr. Tate when she arrives in two hours. She will handle my daughter's case as she has her whole life. Thank you." Mom said and the softness of her voice faded a bit.

The doctor looked at her and then hung the clipboard on the end of my bed.

"Very well." He said and stormed out of the room.

Tracy was staring at my Mom.

"Honey, nobody treats my family like that." Mom said to Tracy and I smiled.

Tracy started crying again.

"Mrs. Simpson. I am so sorry this happened. I tried to stop it but I wasn't strong enough. I tried." She said and the sobs returned.

My little crybaby. My Mom moved around the bed and my Dad slid next to me. Mom put her arms around Tracy and hugged her.

"Thank you sweetheart. Thank you for bringing her back to us." Mom said and rubbed the back of Tracy's head.

"Mrs. Simpson, I love her so much." Tracy sobbed into my Mom's shoulder.

"I know baby, I know." Mom said and I felt my heart soar.

I opened my eyes and it was dark in the room. Well, not all the way dark. I saw a little light to my left through the door. There was also a little light over my bed. It was really quiet. I looked to my right and Tracy was sleeping with her head on the bed. She was sitting in a chair. Her right arm was over me and her left hand was holding my right. I reached over and touched the top of her head.

She raised her head and wiped her eyes. She had drool on her cheek and I giggled.

"What?" She whispered.

"You were drooling." I said and my voice was crackly.

I coughed to clear my throat.

"Well, you talk in your sleep." She said with a little smile.

"Really. What do I say?" I said.

"Mostly jibberish but every once in a while you say something nice." She said and touched my face with her right hand.

"Like what?" I said.

"Well, last night you said you loved me." She said softly.

"Really? I was obviously dreaming." I said and her face dropped.

I giggled.

"Baby, you have to relax." I said.

"That wasn't funny." She said and I saw the sadness in her face.

"No, it wasn't. I am sorry. I probably said it because it was what brought me back. It was so hard but I kept thinking about you and I found the strength to come back." I said.

She rubbed her hand across my face. She stood up and leaned over. She kissed my lips softly. I felt heat move through me, centered in my lips. She pulled back. She was a mess. Her hair was all over the place, it looked like it had been in a ponytail at one time. Her eyes were still a little swollen. She had no makeup on, well, there looked to be a little but it looked like it was left over. I could still see some mascara around her eyes and on her cheeks. She had never looked more beautiful.

"Thank you." I said and squeezed her hand.

"For what?" She whispered.

"For still loving me." I said.

"Always." She whispered.

"You look exhausted." I said.

"You have no idea." She said and I saw her eyes droop.

I scooted over to my left and lifted the sheet. She looked at the door and then back at me.

"Fuck'em. Get in here." I said.

She jumped up and snuggled against me. I covered her and wrapped my right arm around her. She put her right arm across my chest and I grabbed it with my left. She put her right leg across my legs. I don't know if I have ever been more comfortable. I heard her snoring as I faded off to sleep.

I opened my eyes slowly and it was lighter in the room. It was not bright but it was definitely not dark. I felt a presence and I turned my head to the left. My Mom was smiling at me.

"Good morning, sleepyhead." She said softly.

"Good morning." I said and my voice cracked again.

I tried to clear my throat but it felt scratchy.

"Do you want some water?" Mom said and was holding a small cup with a bendy straw.

I nodded. She lowered the cup and I sucked in some wonderful cool water. It coated my dry throat and felt great sliding down into my belly. 

"Slow down, honey. There is plenty." She said and I heard the sound of me sucking the last of the water out of the cup.

I laid my head back down. I realized Tracy was still sleeping next to me, well kind of on me, her head on my chest and her right leg wrapped over me. I noticed she was wearing my pink tanktop and my jean shorts. I looked back at my Mom.

"Sorry about this." I said, motioning to Tracy.

"About what?" Mom said softly.

"We kind of fell asleep." I said.

"Honey, this girl has not left your side in three days." She said.

I looked at Tracy and then at Mom.

"What day is it?" I asked.

"It is Tuesday morning, sweetie." She said.

"I have been here three days?" I said and she nodded.

"A boy named Scott brought you here on Saturday afternoon. He said you had been in an accident. Tracy was with you and she has not slept or left this room since." She said.

"Really?" I said.

"Yes, and I cannot imagine the love one must have to do something like that. Do you have something to tell me? It seems your little friend here is more than a roommate. Am I on the right track?" She said and smiled.

I nodded and rubbed Tracy's hair.

"I love her Momma." I said.

"That much is obvious sweetie. Are you lovers?" She said and I was taken aback by her bluntness.

I nodded, thankful for my Mom's perception. She took my hand and kissed it.

"It's ok baby. I would normally have a problem with that but when I saw how she looks at you and how she would never leave you, I sorta figured it out and it seems so sweet and nice. I can't make myself find a problem with it." She said and smiled and shrugged her shoulders.
