 My cousin Tessa and I are eighteen. Each summer, we spend time together at our grandparent's vacation place on the lake. It is isolated, but beautiful. Lots of woods and a long, but manageable, bike ride to town. Our grandparents are friendly, relaxed and easy to live with. We have to help with some chores, but most of the time is just having fun.

I'm thin, short and, as with many in my family, a late developer, so not fully developed. Tessa is the opposite. She has long legs, the athletic build of the swimmer she is and good sized breasts. I wore my brown hair long and in a loose ponytail. Although not as bad as many girls, I spent a lot of time trying to get it right. Tessa never had that problem. Much to the dismay of her parents, she kept her red hair cropped short. However, with a simple shake of her head, it seemed to fall just right and always looked both slightly tousled and sexy. To be honest, she had the body I wished to grow into. I also admired her confident manner and the quick connection she made with people. 

One hot July day, we put on our bathing suits and walked through the woods from the cottage to the rope swing. 

Leading the way, Tessa called back over her shoulder, "Let's race, Polly," and took off.

My name is Carol, but Tessa had called me Polly since forever. It started when she thought I acted like some character in a long forgotten childhood book she was reading. I had given up trying to get her to use my real name. In some fashion, the nickname made me feel a little special in her eyes.

Despite the fact she was bigger and stronger than me, I never conceded anything. I set off after her and kept my eyes on the fluid movement of her red bathing suit as she glided smoothly through the trees. When we reached the clearing at the swing, I had gained some ground, but was breathing hard from the effort.

Tessa was barely winded at all. "You're getting faster, Polly. If you keep developing, you'll be some real competition."

I knew there was little possibility of that. Nonetheless, I was pleased she noticed I was still growing and there was a chance I wouldn't always be her scrawny, little cousin.

We dropped our bags. Tessa kicked off her shoes, ran to the lake and plunged under the clear water in a deep, long dive. I took more time. First spreading the blanket and then sitting to remove my sneakers. I adjusted my bathing suit for comfort. Tessa wore her one piece racing suit. I had on a brown bikini with small pink polka dots and a small bow at the waist band.

After swimming for a while, we took turns on the rope swing. We both loved the giddy rush of the high release point and the long fall. Compared to my frantic flailing and awkward splash, Tessa could twist and manage a graceful entry. However, most of the time, she attempted some playful maneuver and dared me to copy it. I tried some, but was handicapped by trying to make sure my top didn't slide off on the impact with the water.

Eventually, we retreated to the shore and stretched on the grass to dry in the warm sun. I fetched the lunch we had packed. Tessa devoured her sandwich and burped proudly with a loud guffaw. I chastised her manners and picked more daintily at my sandwich.

After lunch, we lazed on the blanket and enjoyed the beautiful day doing what teenage girls do. We read magazines. Talked about music and clothes and boys. And maintained a constant, aimless and teasing banter.

We also talked about sex. Or Tessa did. I mostly listened. Although Tessa was something of a tomboy, she was very interested in and very open about all things sexual. I was personally more reticent. And, I certainly was not as knowledgeable as my cousin claimed to be. I was nonetheless fascinated by her descriptions of the male and female bodies and her lurid stories of seemingly impossible sexual positions and bizarre practices.  I think Tessa saw it as a challenge to see how quickly she could make me blush. I tried to act casual, but I was far to interested to pull it off. Nonetheless, I discounted a lot of what she said. I couldn't see how my cousin could know some of the things she talked about.

After one particularly fantastic tale, I couldn't help myself. I said, "That could never happen. You are so full of crap."

Tessa looked at me in mock horror. "You're questioning me about sex, Miss Pollyanna. I think you should stick to things you know about."

I grinned and said, "I'm smart enough to know when you're making stuff up. I don't believe you know half of what you claim to." 

"You don't believe me, huh. You better believe I can whip your sorry little ass for insulting me." Tessa laughed and reached to grab me.

I rolled and twisted away from her grasp. When she moved to chase me, I jumped up and sprinted. I was quick, but she was quicker. When she caught me, we wrestled and she soon had the upper hand. Before I knew it, I was engulfed in her strong arms and squirming to escape.

I was struggling and giggling and calling her names. I wasn't good at cursing, but I was getting better being around her. When I called her a slut, her mock rage got higher and her arms squeezed the breath out of me. 

Even though she had me in a bear hug from behind, I managed to knock her off-balance and we tumbled backward onto the blanket. When I landed on top of her, she exhaled sharply and her hands loosened. I moved to escape. However, she was too fast. Her hands closed again and firmly grabbed both of my breasts. I was stunned and let out a squeal. No one had ever handled my breasts before and here was my attractive cousin squeezing my nipples to beat the band, even if inadvertently. It only lasted a few seconds, but for me it seemed like an eternity. What had been simple horseplay had instantly transformed.

Although Tessa kept squeezing my boobs, my long hair was in her face and she was apparently oblivious to what she had in hand. She was still focused on subduing me. In my shock, I had slowed my struggle and Tessa took quick advantage. She was still yelling, "So I'm a slut, am I. We'll see about that." 

She quickly flipped me over and I was on my side beneath her. Tessa moved her legs to straddle my body and pin my arms in place. In this position, her behind was right above my face. As she pushed her hands onto my thighs to stop the kicking, the leverage pressed her buttocks onto my head and her vagina rested on my cheek.

The smooth red fabric of her nylon bathing suit caressed my face as our struggles rocked our bodies. I was overwhelmed and embarrassed by the position. Still trying to digest the sensation of having my breasts fondled, I was uncontrollably aroused by this new wave of contact. As I breathed deeply, I inhaled Tessa's heat and aroma.

It was as if I was operating on two levels. On one, I was still squirming in an attempt to escape Tessa's grasp. On the other, my muddled mind tried to cope with the most unbelievably sensuous feelings of my young life. I could literally feel my nipples hardening and growing in the soft cups of my bikini top.

In her push for victory, Tessa was yelling something about me saying "Uncle". With her behind covering my ear, I couldn't make it out very well. It probably wouldn't have mattered, as I was fixated on her vagina pressed into my face. I had obviously never been this close to anyone's sex organs and I felt like I was in a trance. Subconsciously (I think), I turned my head so my lips were positioned even closer to my cousin's pussy. The downy mat of her hair pressed through the thin material.

I was shaken from my reverie by the sharp smack of Tessa's hand across my bottom as she gave me a quick spank. The shock caused me to spasm and my teeth bit the fabric of Tessa's suit. Now, it was her turn to squeal. As my teeth momentarily pulled on her bathing suit and pubic hair, she suddenly realized the erotic nature of our positions.

She seemed to pause for a second and then in a softer but higher pitched voice said, "So that's how you want to play, is it, Wild Thing?"

My head was spinning. Tessa apparently assumed that I had intentional mouthed her vagina. She took this as a provocation to escalate and change the nature of our play. Before I could respond, she deliberately ground her pussy more firmly into my face and began to rotate it.

Almost as a reality check, Tessa said, "You'd better say 'Uncle', girl, or no telling what will happen." 

I knew I had to stop this. But, I hesitated. I'm not sure why I couldn't act. Whether it was a mistake caused by a hormone addled brain, some hitherto unknown desires, or just not wanting the pleasurable sensation to end. For whatever reason, Tessa took it as a sign of encouragement. She relaxed the grip of her legs on my arms and continued to gently massage my face with her vagina.

Without thinking, my freed hands reached for her arms and lightly rubbed them in rhythm with Tessa's rolling motion on my face. I couldn't believe the luxurious feel of her soft and smooth skin. The shape of her biceps felt strong and somehow comforting. I reveled in the tingling of my body and responded to the pressure of her pussy with a corresponding upward roll of my head to increase the pressure on her lips.

Tessa let out a sigh and swung her body in a single motion so we were head-to-head. Her red hair framed a face that was both relaxed and excited. Though her lids were half closed, her eyes held a fire I hadn't seen before. Convinced I had initiated this sexual contact, Tessa quietly said, "You surprise me, Wild Thing."

I honestly replied, "I'm surprising myself."

With a laugh, Tessa lowered her head and our lips joined in a long lingering kiss. My body burned. I was past breaking it off. I didn't want to break it off. I lost my remaining control. I could feel my vagina beginning to moisten with excitement. With her straddled on top of me, I thrust my hips up to increase the pressure between our vaginas. 

As she moved her tongue along my lips, I spread my legs and let her settle tighter between them. I was becoming overwhelmed with a quickly rising lust. Tessa seemed in the same state. We ground together and I reached around to caress the flexing muscles of her ass. 

Our nipples pressed together through the silky material of our suits. Without planning, they rolled against each other in a stimulating dance. I couldn't keep up with all the feelings coursing through my body and flooding my mind. I was gasping for breath from the exertion and the consuming hunger.

Tessa broke off the kiss but continued to grind into my now very damp pussy. She pulled the top of her suit down to uncover her breasts and then unsnapped my bikini top to reveal mine. As she dropped back on top of me, her lips moved to my ear and she said, "You are so hot, I can't control myself." Then she stuck her tongue in my ear and alternated between flicks and soft kisses.

The combination of her words, the flesh of our breasts touching and my overheated vagina was too much. I wrapped my arms tightly around her and let out a yell, "Oh gawd, OH Gawd! OH GAWD!! O O OOO!!!" It must have echoed down the lake. My body shook in a previously unexperienced spasm. It felt like my soul was melting into a puddle of pleasure.

While I mindlessly enjoyed the ripples and warmth welling through my body, Tessa ground her hips against me with increasing speed and force. I was certain she'd bruise me and drive me into the hard dirt, but, I didn't care. Finally, after a particularly strong thrust, her head twitched and she collapsed with a wide and weak smile into my embrace.

We lay like that for a long while.

As I recovered my senses, confusion, doubt and guilt began to edge into my mind. Before they could get a toehold, Tessa rolled off me and looked into my eyes saying, "That was great. You were great."

Any doubts I had disappeared. I leaned in and gave her a peck on the lips. We held hands and giggled together. We spent the rest of the afternoon naked and exploring each other at a more leisurely, but no less passionate, pace.

At dinner that evening, Tessa called me Wild Thing. 

Grampa looked at me funny and asked, "What happened to Polly? Since when have you been the 'Wild Thing'?"

I almost dropped my fork and quickly blushed crimson red. Tessa didn't miss a beat and explained it was because of how crazy I was when we were swinging at the lake. Even through my embarrassment, I had to gag back a laugh at her brazen double entendre.


My grandparents accepted the explanation. Gramma said, "So long as no one gets hurt and you girls have fun."

We assured them we were having lots of fun. I didn't mention my sore behind.