 We were both supposed to be at work at three the next afternoon. It was three, I was there, but there was not sign of Erika. I watched my boss, a short balding man in his late forties staring at his watch.

"She's late again. That's going to be her third write-up. I'm so tired of her..."

Just then, the door flung open and in she came-her wild curly hair bouncing as she rushed to the time clock.

"Erika, we need to talk about your punctuality." He began.

"Shit, I'm late. I'm sorry Joe. I had car problems." She was so tactful. "The thing that kicks in when the battery dies didn't kick in."

"Alternator?" He interrupted.

"Yeah, that." I couldn't take my eyes off her. She had him eating out of the palm of her hand, and I was mesmerized at her skill. "...So finally he got it fixed and here I am." She put her hand on Joe's shoulder, making sure to brush his cheek a bit. "So please forgive me just this once, Joe?"

She had him. "This once, but next time call me and let me know you're going to be late, okay?"

"Oh, absolutely. You're the best, Joe." She gave him a quick wink. He smiled like he had just conquered China. "Oh, hey Annie. How's it going?"

The goddess said my name. "I'm good, you?"

"Well, I had a late night last night," she said with a chuckle, "but I'm doing great."

I don't believe I mentioned we work at a hotel. She usually takes care of the bar (because she has that outgoing, bartending personality), and I check in guests. Tonight was the same, only the bar was much busier than I was, so I went over and helped her bus tables. I was bringing a load of glasses into the kitchen when she rushed in.

"Thanks, hun. I'm getting my ass kicked over here tonight."

"Oh, no problem." I sat the dishes beside the sink. I turned around and she was right in front of me.

"I'll give you half of my tips tonight," she said. Then she shoved something in my pocket. "You've got somebody up at the desk."

I scurried out of the kitchen and back to the desk. The man standing there was just a pizza deliverer who had never delivered to our hotel before. So, I gave him directions, and he headed down the first floor. I reached into my pocked. It was a napkin.

"I owe you. Jack's still out of town. I need to make Joe think there's something wrong with my car. Can you give me a ride home?"

The napkin smelled like her. She'd sprayed her cotton-candy scented body spray (it reminded me of high school) on the napkin! My mouth watered. "Joe, I need to use the phone. Can I use the one in your office?"

My hand was so shaky I could barely dial the numbers. 

"Hello?"

"Dade, she wants me to give her a rid home tonight. What should I do?" I whispered excitedly so Joe wouldn't hear.

"Who, Erika?"

"Yes, she put a note in my pocket. What should I do?"

"Give her a ride. I'll be waiting up. I want all the juicy details."

"Are you sure?"

"Hell yes! Now go. I'll see you tonight. Love you."

"I love you, too." I replied, hanging up the phone.

The night seemed to drag on forever after that, but finally eleven o'clock rolled around. Erika grabbed her things, clocked out, and said a quick goodbye to Joe and me. I wasn't quite sure what to do. Was I supposed to go ahead and go out to the parking lot? I didn't know, so I poked around gathering my things and clocking out. I was just about to go out the door when she barged in.

"That fucking mechanic! He swore it was fixed." She was a truly talented actress. "Jack's out of town and my fucking car won't start! Fuck!"

"Calm down, Erika," Joe comforted. "There's no sense in getting all upset."

"I can give you a ride home," I blurted.

"Oh, could you? You're the greatest, Annie. See ya later Joe." Then she turned and went out the door. I followed. She stopped at my little silver car and waited for me to unlock the doors. We both got in, and I started the car.

"I don't know where you live."

"Just head that way," she pointed while unbuttoning the top three buttons of her blouse, giving me a peek of her pink bra.

She was strangely quiet most of the trip with the exception of directions. We finally came to a stop in front of a small duplex. "Come on in," she ordered.

I locked the car and followed her. The apartment was small, but very well decorated. A large framed oil painted of a naked woman graced the wall over the sofa.

"That's my favorite," she responded when she noticed me admiring its beauty. "It's an ex-girlfriend. It took months of begging for her to let me finally paint her."

"You did that? Wow, it's gorgeous."

"Thanks. Have a seat, and I'll be right back."

I plopped down on the plush black couch. I was fidgeting from excitement. I could feel my panties already becoming wet. I closed my eyes, imagining Erika's sweet lips pressed to mine. I took a deep breath. I could smell her cotton-candy body spray.

"Are you tired, sweetheart?"

My eyes shot open. "No, I was just..."

She was standing in front of me. Naked. Completely naked. She had let her curly black hair down and it was partially covering her large gorgeous breasts. Her creamy white skin glowed in the soft light. I couldn't do anything but stare at her amazing body.

She slowly walked toward me, and kneeled directly in front of the sofa where I was sitting. "I said I owed you." She raised her hand to my face and ran her fingers through my hair. "Annie, you are so gorgeous. I have to kiss you." 

She pulled my head to hers and pressed her lips to mine. It was everything I had imagined and more. Her tongue slid inside my mouth, and I felt hands rubbing my inner thighs. I wrapped my arms around her soft body and pulled her closer. We sat there in that passionate embrace for what seemed like only a few seconds when I felt her pull away.

"Annie, would you undress for me?"

"Oh Erika, my body is not half as perfect as yours."

"Please, Annie. I think you're gorgeous. Please, for me?"

She knew I couldn't resist. I stood, a little light headed from being so aroused. She resumed my place on the couch and turned on some music with a remote hidden in between the cushions.

"I really don't know what to do."

"Just start with your shirt, and unbutton it slowly."

I did as she instructed, starting at the bottom and working my way to the top. When I reached the top button, I undid the button and started to slide the shirt off my shoulders.

"Turn around while you're taking it off."

I faced the opposite wall and let the shirt fall to the ground. I reached behind me and unclasped my bra.

"Now turn back around. You're doing great."

I did as she instructed. My eyes glanced down and my breasts, not nearly as gorgeous as Erika's. I slipped the white lace bra off one shoulder, then the other, and let it fall beside the shirt. I unzipped my skirt, and it too fell to the ground. 

"Turn back around and slide out of those panties."

I followed her instructions, bending over and also slipping out of my shoes.

"Turn around now and let me admire that beautiful body, Annie."

I turned around. She had stood up, her eyes feasting upon every inch of my bare body. I reached out to touch her, but she stepped back.

"I said I owed you. Sit, please."

I returned to the couch, a little disappointed I couldn't hold her.

"First, the rules Annie. I want you to enjoy yourself, but I also know you love to be controlled. So, I want you to sit on your hands. In a few minutes, I'm going to kneel between your legs and make you scream my name like you did last night. But you can't touch me."

I wanted her so bad I could taste her.

"Pay attention now, Annie. I want this to last. But it has got to be my way, understand?"

"Yes, of course," I replied.

"Good. When I finish making you cum like you never have before, I will ask you what you want. If you do as I say and not touch me, then you may do with me as you please. Agreed?"

It wasn't exactly as I had imagined, but I nodded and placed my hands under my bare ass. "Agreed."

She smiled and leaned closer, kissing my inner thighs. My heart was pounding so hard that I was sure she could hear the steady beating. She kissed her way up my thighs and then moved to my nipples. She kissed each one delicately before beginning to suck hungrily on each one. I moaned with pleasure. So may things were running through my head. It felt amazing, but should I really be doing this? Oh hell, who cares, I was enjoying every second of it.

Looking down at her sucking on my nipples, I almost forgot the no touching rule. I started pull my hands out from underneath me, but she reminded me with a quick glance and a sweet no. 

She continued to move down my stomach, kissing her way down. She caressed my thighs and quickly pushed them apart. She kissed around my wet pussy and then she bit my clit. I jumped a bit in surprised, but was quickly calmed as she began sucking. She slid a finger in my pussy and that was all it took. I shook in ecstasy as I came. 

I was still shaken from the orgasm when she asked softly, "Now what do you want."

Without the least bit of hesitation, I replied. "I want to taste you, please."

"Okay, you obeyed well." She leaned back on the floor. 

I slipped off the couch and onto the floor in front of her. I started to kneel down and she stopped me.

"No, you only said you wanted to taste me." She slid her finger into her extremely wet pussy. She moaned as she slid in it. She pulled out her finger and held it up to my lips. "Taste, Annie."