 After working all night and the extra-curricular activities with Erika and Jack, I was beat. I went straight home and slept all day. I was still dreaming of Erika when I heard Dade's keys jingling in the lock.

My eyes shot open. What was I going to tell him? Suddenly, I was rushing to conjure up some halfway believable story.

The door opened. Noticing I was still in bed, he crept through the apartment and into the bedroom.

"Hey, hon." He said sweetly as he appeared in the door.

"Hey," I breathed.

He entered the room and crawled into bed beside me. "So, how was your night at work?"

After all the planning, I simply began to cry.

"Honey what's wrong?"

"Last night," I began, "Erika stopped by work and Jack was with her."

"Honey, stop crying. I know."

"What?" I questioned.

"Erika stopped by my office on my lunch break."

I froze. "She did?"

"Yes, and she explained the whole situation."

"And you're not upset?" I asked confused.

"Well, at first I was. Then, Erika assured me it was okay. Then she...uh...well...she kinda gave me head, and I fucked her on my desk."

"What?" I managed.

"Well, I was upset, and she fixed the problem. So, I'm cool with it now."

I was stunned. Not really in a bad way, just stunned. She knew he would be upset and that I wouldn't be able to tell him, so she did it. Her tact and charm had won him over, too.

"Don't be mad at me," he finally blurted after a few minutes of silence.

"I'm not," I responded. "I'm just stunned. She's so tactful. God, I love her."

He laughed, and then kissed me. "I'm going to go hop in the shower," he announced, disappearing down the hall.

"Oh," he yelled from the bathroom, "you should get up and get a shower, too. I'm going out with the guys tonight, and Erika's coming over to take you out to dinner."

I sat straight up in bed. "What?" I yelled.

"She said she wanted to go out, just you and her. She'll be here in an hour and a half. She said wear something nice."

After an hour and a half of finding the perfect dress, putting on makeup (which I never do, so it took nearly an hour), and sweating from extreme nervousness, the doorbell rang.

I opened the door and marveled at the sight in front of me. Her long curly black hair was pulled back in a gorgeous French twist. She was wearing a black, beautifully tailored pinstriped suit with a v-necked white top. Underneath the slightly flared dress pants, she sported a pair of stiletto-heeled boots that made her legs go on forever. I was struck breathless by her look. Normally, Erika dressed gorgeously, but more like a teenager than the sexy, grown-up woman standing in front of me.

"So, are you ready to go?" She finally asked.

"Oh, yes. You look absolutely amazing. I feel so underdressed now. I didn't know what to wear so I just..." I was rambling.

She leaned forward and kissed me. "You look gorgeous. And you're wearing makeup. It looks—you look great. Ready to go? I've got a special night planned for us."

"Yes, I'm ready. Let me just tell Dade I'm going."

She smiled, "Tell him I said hey."

I shot a grin back at her, sped down the hall, gave him a quick kiss, and followed Erika out the door. She opened the passenger door to her car for me.

"Well, thank you so much," I said, as I stepped in the car.

She made small talk on the trip—nothing about Dade or Jack—just normal small talk. I asked where we were going, but she simply replied with a smile.

After a short drive, we pulled in front of Brass, a well known jazz club in town. She handed the keys to the valet and grabbed my hand, leading me inside. 

"Reservations for Erika Sanders," she stated as we approached the hostess.

"Yes, Ms. Sanders. Just this way."

We followed the extremely tall blonde hostess to a booth in the corner of the softly-light, extremely packed room. I slid into the booth first, Erika followed.

Dinner was great. She held my hand and kissed me throughout dinner. We got a few stares (I think it was mostly because she looked so amazing). She simply smiled, basking in the attention.

After a few drinks, she said it was time to go. We walked out the small building, and she pulled me across the street. The doorman held the door as we entered the huge hotel. I was a bit confused, but followed still. Approaching the counter, Erika was quickly greeted.

"Well hello, gorgeous."

The woman behind the counter was a short, mixed woman with long black hair.

"Annie, this is my friend Sarah."

"Hello, Sarah," I replied.

"Your room is ready, Ms. Sanders. Everything is just as you asked, and you know if you need anything to give me a call." She winked, handing Erika a key card.

"I owe you. Goodnight Sarah. Can we get an 8 a.m. wake-up call?"

"Yes, ma'am. I'll personally take care of that."

"Erika, you didn't have to go through all this trouble." I added as we walked away from the counter toward the elevator. 

"Oh honey, it was no trouble at all," she replied, grinning.

She held my hand and led me down the long, poorly lit hallway. We stopped at a room at the end of the hallway. She inserted the key card, and with a green flashing light, she opened the door.

"Kinda feels weird being at a hotel other than our own." I giggled nervously.

"A little, but I know how you like your privacy. I figured you'd feel more at ease here."

I was a little overwhelmed by the room—it was a honeymoon suite. "This must have of cost you a fortune, Erika."

"Of course not, Sarah owed me a couple of favors."

About that time, there was a knock on the door. "Room Service!"

The cute girl from downstairs Sarah pushed in a metal cart. "Have a great night ladies," she said as she smiled and closed the door behind her.

The cart was filled with strawberries, melted chocolate, wine, and a large pink box. "What is this?" I asked as I grabbed the box.

"Honey, that's for later."

The night was great. We talked, and kissed, and talk some more. Around 2 a.m., Erika walked over to the cart left by room service, and brought the box to me. "I guess you've waited long enough."

I smiled at her, and then quickly opened the box (which was sprayed with her cotton-candy scented perfume). At first, I was a bit surprised. I lifted each of its contents separately: a black blind fold, a bottle of strawberry flavored lubricant (at this point, I glanced up at Erika who had removed the pins holding her hair—she smiled), a glow-in-the-dark green vibrator, and last, but far from least, a nine inch strap-on dildo.

I really didn't know what to say, but as always, Erika did. "There's one more thing." She walked over and opened the door. There, dressed in the tightest leather outfit she could possibly squeeze her tiny body into was Sarah, the girl from downstairs.


So, now I'm completely overwhelmed, wetter than I had ever been, and still at a complete loss for words.

Sarah walked in. Erika walked over to her and gave her the most amazing looking kiss—I was instantly a bit jealous. "Sarah, Annie's a bit shy. Why don't you go over and introduce yourself a little more properly."

Sarah did exactly as she was told. Kneeling on the floor in front of the couch I was sitting on, she leaned forward and gave me the same amazing kiss Erika had planted on her. 

Suddenly, I felt a bit panicked as the blindfold was placed on my eyes. Erika noticed, and quickly whispered in my ear, "Don't worry honey, I'll take excellent care of you."

I was pulled to my feet, with one woman kissing me, and the other working on undressing me. As soon as my shirt and bra were removed, each woman moved down and sucked on a nipple. I leaned my head back, moaning in pleasure. 

"You liking this, Annie?" Erika's sweet voice asked.

"Oh God, yes." I replied, still moaning.

"Well what do you want us to do next, sweet Annie?" Sarah added.

"Anything you want." I replied.

"Not tonight, my sweet. I want to hear what you want. Sarah and I are content to spend the rest of the night right here working on your nipples, unless you instruct otherwise," Erika sweetly smirked.

"Erika, you know I can't tell you what to do." I whined.

"Oh yes you can. And you will, or we will stay here."

I whined/moaned some more. Finally, I stated, "I want my clit touched."

"Good girl." Erika reassured. 

I felt my skirt drop to the floor, along with my panties. Someone took my hand, and I was lead to the bed. I laid on my back, and one woman returned to kissing my neck and chest. I felt the other woman's tongue (I'm sure this was Sarah, because I could feel the leather against my body) licking my toes, and then sucking each one carefully. (I have to add I was soaking and fidgeting from anticipation by now.) After what seemed like forever, I felt her soft skin against my clit—she was rubbing her perky nipple against me. I moaned in pleasure. 

"Annie, I'm going to undress Sarah now." Erika announced. "I'm unzipping her leather body suit. She's helping me release it from her sweaty body. She is so wet...almost as wet as you. Do you want her to undress me?"

I nodded.

"Or do you want to undress me?"

Without any thought, I responded. "I do."

Erika removed the blindfold careful not to pull my hair. The view for the first time was amazing. Sarah was kneeling on the bed in front of my, her thin, tanned body gleaming. I took a few seconds to enjoy her beauty. She had shoulder length straight blonde hair, which fell on her dark tanned skin. Her breasts were small, with dark, perky nipples. Wrapped around both breasts was an amazing tattoo of winding barbed wire. Around her perfectly pierced belly button, she had another sun shaped tattoo. Moving down, I admired her perfectly groomed patch of hair, and the tattoo of the orange kitten peeking from behind her small bush of fur.

"Do you like what you see?" Sarah finally asked.

"Yes, very much. You are so sexy. I feel completely out of place."

"Annie, I like what I see," she replied with an innocent smile.

Erika then took my hands and helped me unbutton her blouse. Sarah unhooked her bra, and she stood as Sarah slipped off what was remaining of her pin stripped suit. I smiled with pleasure, basking in Erika's beauty. Erika is far from fat, but her gorgeous pair of 38 double D's are by far her most amazing feature. Her pale skin, her dark pink nipples, and her shaved cunt by far the most sexual sight I've ever experienced. 

Sarah ventured across the room to the box. As Erika and I kissed and allowed our fingers to explore each other's cunts, Sarah strapped on the dildo. Upon returning, Erika and I greeted her with our breasts. She kneeled and rotated between Erika's and my nipples. She then pushed Erika to the bed. Erika pulled me below her as she got on her hands and knees.

I was in complete Heaven as I watched Sarah soak the dildo with strawberry lubricant, and then fuck Erika with the humongous dildo, all while Erika sucked my clit and slowly fucked me with the vibrator. Erika was the first to begin to cum. Hearing her moans, and feeling her tongue speed up, I began to cum too. We came together in an a shaky pile of sweaty women. 

We watched as Sarah removed the dildo, and then crawled in between the two of us on the bed. She began rubbing her clit. Erika poured some strawberry goodness between her legs, and went to work. I poured more over her smooth stomach, and tiny nipples. I carefully licked every drop from her body, before getting up and positioning myself under Erika's sweet smelling ass. With Erika on my face, I slowly inserted the vibrator into her tight ass as I flicked my tongue against her clit. A quick gasp was soon replaced by a soft rocking motion against the vibrator. By now, Sarah was trying not to scream too loudly. She shook the bed with her remarkable Erika-induced orgasm. I sped up my tongue motions, and soon Erika was cumming again, this time moaning my name.

I removed the vibrator from her ass after she had finished, then motioned for her to roll over. Every since the second I had met Erika, I knew exactly what I wanted to do. She reached up, licking her sweet juices from my mouth. I spread her legs. I could feel my own cunt dripping with anticipation. I slowly placed one of my legs above hers, and the other under. She smiled as I lowered my cunt to hers. I closed my eyes, amazed by the way she felt. 

"Annie, that feels so good. Your pussy feels so good."

"You two are fucking hot!" Sarah added, as she picked up the vibrator and began pleasuring herself. 

At first, I teased her more than anything. I'd slowly lower then raise my body. She was enjoying the teasing, but I was needing more. Before too long, I was grinding my cunt with hers as hard as I could. She pinched her nipples, begging for more. Sarah rolled over, taking one of Erika's nipples in her mouth, while still fucking the vibrator. 

My body began to shake, and I was grinding Erika as hard as I could. 

"Cum with me, Annie. Make me cum!" Erika began screaming.

And cum I did! Erika shook underneath my cunt, and Sarah devoured Erika's nipple as she too came.

Afterward, we all curled up in the king-sized bed and fell asleep (Erika in the middle, of course). The phone rang at 8, and after a long shower together, the three of us checked out tired from a late night, but with big smiles on our faces!