 I'm simply a 19 year old college student, but all of my sexual life I've wondered what it was like to be with a woman. I'm 100% straight. I've had boyfriends, I've had sex with them too. But I've always wondered what it would be like to make love to a woman. One night I was reading a story on this site, and the main character put up an ad on craigslist. I went on craigslist and decided not to put up my own ad, but to answer an already existing one. I found an interesting one, and for her sake I'll change her name to Alice. She's 43, but looks as if she's no more than 24. She also had a husband and two kids, but said she wanted a plaything on the side. I emailed her about her ad, and got an answer a couple days later.

I found your ad on craigslist and was emailing you to let you know I was interested.

What a nice surprise. Is what I got back. 

Yes. I've never been with a woman before, and I would really love to try it. The subject line of the emails, still present from her ad on craigslist, read "Let's sext, exchange pictures, possibly meet up". She emailed me back saying that we should give it a go and we can either exchange numbers or go on kik or yahoo messenger. First we tried yahoo messenger. She told me that the first time she was with a woman was a year ago, on a drunken night and that in April she's made out with a woman. I asked her if the only time she had been with a woman was when she was drunk and she answered no because they woke up the next morning and did it again. The other woman had tied her up, and continued to fuck her with her mouth. That sent a shock to my pussy.

She also told me that she would love for my first time to be with her. She said we could take it slow, starting off with a couple glasses of wine, caressing each other, and stealing a few kisses. I have large breast, a whopping 38DD, and she told me how she can't wait to pinch and suck my nipples. We talked dirty for a while longer, before she told me to download kik, a messenger app where you can send pictures and videos. She sent me a picture of her cunt, which was natural. Next was her breasts, her nipples sticking out so far. I wanted nothing more than to have her run them along my sopping wet pussy. I sent her a picture of my sex, and she told me she couldn't wait to get her mouth on it. We went back and forth, and next I got was a video. She had a magic bullet, that came free with the purchase of her 8 inch purple strap on that had a place for the bullet so it aligned with my clit. The video was Alice rubbing the bullet on her clit until she orgasmed, her sexual moans filling my ears. She went to sleep eventually, and so did I. My dream, my dream is really what I wanted to talk about.

Alice lives in a place where it's easy to get to on public transportation, which was good for me because I didn't have a car. We had been planning this day for weeks. I've been away at school, masturbating to the videos and pictures she would send me. She opened the door and smiled at me gently, inviting me inside. Her husband was at work and her kids were at school, so we had the whole house to ourselves. She brought me to the couch and already had to glasses of wine poured. We sipped on it, just talking. 

"How is school going, honey?" 

"Good. My first semester just ended, and I think I did good on my finals. I was so stressed about it." She stroked my upper arm.

"I'm sorry, honey. Well you're with me now, no more stress." She placed a soft kiss on my lips, my first kiss with a woman. She pulled back and took both our glasses of wine and placed them on her coffee table. She moved closer to me, draping her leg over mind and capturing my lips again. This time our lips parted, her tongue darting into my mouth. Her left hand was on my neck, keeping me to her while her right groped my large breasts. My nipples pebbled underneath my shirt and bra, and I moaned into her mouth.

"Let's get you out of this shirt, huh?" She slipped both her hands under my shirt, lifting it over my head. She continued kissing me, reaching behind me and unclasping my bra. 

"Wow," She whispered as she admired my titties. Soon she was attached to my right one, sucking like no tomorrow. My head fell back as I moaned, her tongue teasing my hard nipple. She soon switched to the other one before taking off her own shirt and bra, revealing the nipples I had only seen in pictures.

"It's ok to touch them, honey." She said to me. I looked in her eyes before leaning down, shyly licking her right nipple. It instantly hardened, and I sucked it into my mouth. I softly pinched the other nipple between my index finger and thumb. She pushed my head back, and silently lead me to her bedroom. She laid me back on her bed, laying on top of me. She kissed me again, once again playing with my nipples. She kissed down my body, leaving a fire hot trail. She slowly peeled back my leggings and panties, slowly revealing my soaking wet pussy. She threw them to the side, long forgotten. She slid her hands up my legs, spreading my thighs. She kissed each on and around my pussy, not dare touching where I wanted her most.

"Alice, please." I begged, pinching my own nipples. She smiled up at me before giving me one, slow lick up the length of my sex. My eyes rolled to the back of my head as a loud moan slipped from my lips. She sucked my other lips into her mouth. Her tongue soon found my hole and entered my body. I screamed her name as I felt her tongue fuck my tight pussy. She took it out and started working on my clit, and that's when I lost it. She never let go of my clit as an orgasm coursed through me, her name the only word in my vocabulary. She lapped up the rest of my juices, and kissed back up my body. She kissed me again and I could taste myself on her.

"I'll be right back." She smiled before jumping up and leaving the room. I marveled at how wonderful I felt. I rubbed my pussy, relishing in my orgasm high. She came back, and I gasped. She was wearing the purple strap on that she told me about, equipped with the magic bullet on top.

"I'm going to fuck you so hard and make you squirt all over this cock, baby."

She came back to the bed, and positioned the dildo at my still sensitive pussy. She switched on the magic bullet before slowly entering it in my pussy. As the dildo was sheathed all the way inside me, the bullet vibrated against my clit, making me squirm. It felt so good. 

"Fuck me, Alice! Fuck me hard!" And she did. Better than any man I've ever been with. I orgasmed four times that day. She let me eat her out, and I think I did a good job from the way she was grinding her wet cunt against my face. We were cuddling when I woke up from the best wet dream I had ever had. When I woke up, all my clothes were off and my index and middle fingers were inside my dripping wet pussy and my sheets were soaked. I quickly changed them before my roommate saw, and I can't wait until I go home for Christmas break.