 This is a work of lesbian fiction, and is only intended for like-minded individuals. I hope you enjoy, please mail me your comments and love at the link below.

Crash 

'I want you to pose naked for me.'

'I'm sorry. Did you just say...'

'That I want you to pose naked for me, yes.' I looked again at the rather elegant woman in the business suit standing before me, and tried to make some sense of the situation.

'But I just crashed into your car, and...'

'...and you have no insurance, yes, you just told me.' She smiled at my obvious confusion and discomfort. 'You've told me how sorry you are ...'

'....and that I'll pay for the damages.'

'... and that you'll pay for any damages. I was just trying to explain to you how I would like you to pay. You were driving your car,' she glanced questioningly at my fifteen year old Volkswagen, 'without insurance, which is a crime, one that I should bring to the attention of the police.'

'No, not the police!' I blurted out. 'Just let me pay, it can't come to so much and I know I can get you the money.'

'Yes dear, but I don't want your money. I told you, if you want to pay then you can do so by posing naked for me, right now, all right? So you choose, should we call the police or will you come into my house and pose for me?' She had taken a mobile phone out of her handbag and put on reading glasses to study it as if about to dial. She reminded me of a head teacher I once had at school. I could feel my heart beating loudly in my chest and I was feeling faint. It was a hot day. I had only taken my eyes off the road for just a few seconds to check my make-up and then crunch! 

Her car was a new Mercedes, one of those flashy sports ones and it now had a big dent in the front side with little smudges of green paint on its sleek silver bodywork from Leo, my poor old VW.

'I'm sorry dear and I hate to rush you. Maybe we should just let the police work this out.' She started to dial the phone.

'No! Please.' She looked over at me as if surprised I'd spoken. 'Are you sure I can't just...' But I knew there was no point offering money again. This woman had enough money; that was obvious. It was pose for her smutty photos or talk to the police. 'Who would see these photo's .... if I agreed.' I stammered, blushing furiously. 'I've never posed nude before, not for anyone.'

She folded the phone and put it carefully back in the bag, closing it with a snap. Looking me up and down, she smiled at my nervous predicament. 'Nobody would ever see the pictures but me, my dear ...?'

'Josie,' I replied softly drawing a deep breath.

'...my dear, Josie. You might say I am a collector. The pictures would be as tasteful as we both agree for them to be, but please understand I will want you to be naked and to pose in an extremely provocative way for me.'

'But you're a woman,' I blurted, and then bit my lip before I said anything else stupid.

'Yes, dear, but I like girls. Pretty girls like you. Now park your car over there and come into the house.' She reversed the Mercedes into the driveway and waited while I moved my car, smiling as I got out and walked towards her clutching my bag to my chest. My head was a whirl of emotions and my legs were threatening to give way under me. I felt like crying. She smiled, turned her back on me and marched up the pathway to the front door of a very impressive house. She appeared to be in her early forties and was dressed in a black suit with a tight black skirt as if she really was a head teacher to some top school, or maybe a solicitor. Beneath the skirt I could see she wore seamed black stockings, and very high heals and a white blouse under the jacket – she was very attractive, but still scared me. She held the door open for me and I walked in to a beautiful house.

'Put your bag on the table there and follow me.' I did as she instructed and followed, glancing round at the rich furnishings, paintings and objects of art that were displayed everywhere as I did so. She led me into a huge sitting room and, picking up a remote control, turned on some light music. It was cold in the room as if it were air-conditioned and I rubbed my arms.

'I'm sorry it's a bit chilly in here, we're having some problems in the house ... drink?' she didn't wait for me to answer but poured me a glass of white wine, which I took gratefully. I immediately drained half and then coughed before putting it down on a glass coffee table. I watched as she took out an expensive looking camera and felt sick with nerves as the reality of the situation crashed into me again - I drank the rest of the wine.

'Nervous?' she smiled at me as I nodded. 'Well don't be. You're a very lucky girl. You could be talking to the police right now, about why you were driving without insurance. They might well have taken your license away or even locked you up. You do have a license do you?' I nodded. 'Good.' 'Well you're so pretty, and I love your dress, it shows off your charms so well. Have you ever modelled?' 

I shook my head and looked down at my dress, then heard the camera click as I smoothed it over my hips – I felt myself blush again. It was a white cotton summer dress with thin shoulder straps leaving my arms cold and bare, with a pretty lace hem and more lace around the low neckline that I now felt showed far too much of my ample cleavage. Small pearl buttons ran down the front to my waist; it was one of my favourite dresses.

'Click'

'Yes, I think we can keep the shoes on, they'll show your legs nicely, it's a shame you aren't wearing stockings ....' she seemed to be thinking for a moment and I stood waiting, shivering from both cold and fear, wondering what on earth I was supposed to do. She shook her head. 'No, lets just play with what you're wearing. You really are so pretty – I love your breasts.' I blushed again despite the chill of the room and my arms came up to cover my chest.

'Click'

'What knickers are you wearing? Lift your skirt and show me.' The camera came up to her eye again and I froze.

'Show you my ...?'

'Lift your skirt, girl. Now! Stop dithering and do as you're told or there will be no alternative other than the police ... now!'

I jumped, as If I had been slapped and pulled at my skirt, gathering it quickly above my knickers.

'Slowly, Josie, slowly.'

'Click, click, click.'

I felt stupid. Holding up my skirt while a stranger took photos of me exposing my knickers. I glanced down and looked at my legs and my feet in their white healed sandals. 

'Click, click.'

'Pull you're knickers higher up on your hips for me Josie ...' I lifted my skirt a little more with my left hand and then pulled my white lacy knickers higher up my hips. '...mmm, better. That looks much sexier.'

She had me lift my foot onto the coffee table holding my skirt out to the side, and even expected me to smile! I was still blushing and incredibly embarrassed as I was next told to; 'turn around, bend forward, and then lift your skirt high, pushing your bottom out...'

I couldn't. I sighed and felt like crying. This was horrible. I let my skirt fall, reached for the glass and she poured me more wine. I think she could see how upset I was getting.

'Josie, listen to me. You're in a bad situation and you're only making it worse. You could at least try to enjoy it. You have to do as I say ... anything and everything. You crashed into my car. You have no insurance, and you've been drinking.'

'But...' I stammered, hastily putting the glass down. 'I hadn't drunk anything when ...'

'Well the police aren't going to know that are they? Listen, let's make this easier for you shall we? You are going to pose for some naughty, sexy pictures, and there is no way out, so get used to it. And just so that you don't think this will end any other way, I want you to undo your top and expose your breasts before we go any further ... now! 

I felt a tear slide down my cheek and then fumbled with the tiny pearl buttons of my dress – I could feel my breasts pushing against the fabric eager to be free. 

'Mmmm, they look loverly. What size bra do you wear?'

'34D' I mumbled, not daring to look at her. I undid the buttons and then glanced up at her, but saw no escape, so with a sigh continued, pulling the dress to either side revealing my bra and then pulled the left cup down to free my breast. The moment it was exposed, my nipple immediately puckered and hardened making my embarrassment obvious. Ignoring a shiver of humiliation, I did the same to my right breast and then pulled and lifted each nipple in turn to tuck the bra cups underneath to make them as presentable as possible.

'Push your chest out, be proud of what you have, Josie.' I did as I was told, and blushed as I felt my exposed breasts studied by lust-filled eyes. I then drew in a breath of horror as she reached out and softly stroke each breast feeling the weight of each one before drawing red-lacquered nails over the puckered skin of my aureoles then tugging softly, drawing on each nipple. I fought to stop myself covering my chest.

'My dear, they're beautiful, you're most certainly a 'D' cup.' I watched as she brought the camera in for a close-up of each nipple. 'Click, click.' I simply stood there, petrified with my arms crossed beneath my breasts, still desperately resisting the need to cover them.

'Please...'

'Shh,' she bent down towards my left breast and, as her mouth parted, I closed my eyes tight, feeling the wet warmth of her mouth close around my so terribly sensitive erect nipple. 

'ooohh...' I couldn't help it. I glanced down and watched as she did the same to the other nipple, entranced and unable to move as an incredible tremor travelled through me. I was gasping as she rose in front of me and didn't resist as she leant forward and kissed me softly on the lips.

'Now, you will do as you're told won't you, Josie dear? Please turn around and bend over.'

I did as I was told. The wine must have gone to my head. I could see no other way than to do as she asked of me and to be honest, part of me was enjoying the attention. I turned and bent over. My breasts, swinging free, feeling swollen, the nipples cold, hard and tingling as her saliva dried.

'Bend over more, darling.' I did, and put my hands down on the coffee table to support myself. I felt my skirt being pulled up over my back and didn't resist as my knickers were drawn down around my knees. I stared at my reflection in the glass coffee table as the camera clicked behind me and felt flushed and slightly sick. I don't know if it was the wine or the awful situation this woman had put me in but ... she took my left hand and brought it around to my bottom.

'I want you to hold the cheeks of your bottom apart, Josie.'

I looked around at her, 'please ... don't make me ...'

'Please ... Mistress?' She arched an eyebrow and smiled at me.

'Please, Mistress. Don't ask me to ...owww!' Her hand had come down sharply sending a jolting sting through me.

'and I'll smack you again if you keep being naughty.' She took my hand and put it back on my bottom. 'Now be a good girl and pull your cheeks apart. Remember, I could call the police and insist they breathalyse you so you have to do as I say. Driving under the influence of alcohol without insurance would mean losing your license and, almost certainly, a term in prison.

I rubbed my bottom and reluctantly pulled on my right cheek, instantly feeling how my anus was exposed to the cool air and then how wet my pussy was getting.

'Mmm, I love the way you've shaved; so naked and exposed.' I felt her hand slide between my legs to feel if I had any pubic hair at all. I did, but only a thin line. 'Mmm, Josie you naughty girl. Hold your pussy open for me and push out your bottom – keep your legs straight.' I did as she asked and heard the camera click several times. It would have been more comfortable if I could let my knickers drop to the floor and take off my shoes, they might not be the very high heels she would have preferred but they were high enough to uncomfortable posing like this. I started as her hand caressed the inside of my thighs and I closed my eyes and bit my lip, still holding y bottom cheeks apart as her hand moved closer and closer to my pussy – I pushed my bottom out further inviting her caress.

One slim finger gently pushed past the wet resistance to my vagina and I felt it enter me, I stifled a small groan of pleasure. The finger slipped in and then out of me several times before it was joined by a second.

'You have a lovely wet cunt, Josie. Keep your lips spread for me.'

I tried to do as she asked, even though my legs were beginning to cramp, but then had to bring my left hand down to the table to support myself and was rewarded with a hard slap to my bottom. The fingers returned to fill me and for a few moments, the feeling of being fucked hard consumed me. Her free hand was wandering all over my exposed flesh. Pinching my bottom before tickling and teasing my exposed anus. I flinched at the first touch then pushed back to welcome an intrusion, but the caresses moved away.

'You're a dirty little lesbian slut really aren't you, Josie?'

'No ... it's just...'

'You want me to fuck your ass with my finger don't you?' The pressure of her finger returned as her other hand continued to slide in and out of my hot aching pussy. 'Don't you Josie?' she insisted. 'Would you like to feel my finger in your ass?' She slowly withdrew the fingers from my pussy, and then trailed the wet juices covering them over my anus. I let out an involuntary moan and her hand came around to my face. She forced her wet fingers into my mouth and I sucked on them greedily. 

'You have to answer me, Josie, or I just have to fuck your mouth as well. Now tell me how you want me to put my finger into your ass as well as playing with your cunt.' The fingers returned to my pussy, filling me once more. It felt like she was using her thumb to rub and tease against my anus while her little finger rubbed my clitoris. 'Tell me Josie!' Her other hand came down in a stinging slap on my bottom. 'Slap!'

'Ow! Yes, mistress ...' I groaned.

'Ahhh, so you can still speak. I thought you had forgotten how.' I felt my left breast fondled and then the nipple was pinched, hard followed by several hard slaps – 'Slap, Slap, Slap!'

'Please ... just do what you want with me ...' I didn't care anymore. Part of me was still revolted at what this woman was doing to me, but another part of me had found a role that consumed me. It was a feeling I didn't want to end and I both loved and hated myself for it.

Tell me what you want.

'Anything ...'

'Anything? Do you like this? As the three fingers from her left hand continued to slip in and out of my pussy, I felt a finger from her right hand slide over my anus, pushing slightly as it circled.

'Yes.' I managed.

'Then ask me nicely to put it in your ass.'

'Please, mistress. Put your finger in my ass.'

'No.' The finger pushed but she refused to let it slip in. But I'll put two fingers in for you.' She switched hands so that her left hand came up, wet and slick from my pussy, and as her right hand took over fucking my pussy, two very wet fingers found my anus and slowly forced their way in. I groaned and almost collapsed but caught myself and straightened my legs, pushing my bottom out to her. It was both painful and pleasurable, a new sensation as her fingers touched within me, separated by so little. I screamed as an orgasm ripped through me and finally collapsed to the floor. Her fingers were removed from my tortured body and I was aware of her moving around me.

'Get up.' I felt my hair pulled and I was forced to my knees. She dragged me across to an armchair, sat down and pulled up her skirts. I watched in a daze as she quickly removed her knickers then grabbed me by the hair again. I only had time to meekly whisper no, as I realised what she was going to make me do, and then I was dragged forward and my face pushed into her wet pussy. It was shaven to a soft pink perfection, very wet and ... delicious! I licked softly at first but then became excited again by what I was being made to do and lapped at her with enthusiasm. I used one hand to hold her open while the other pinched at my own nipples until they hurt.

She turned over, pushing out her bottom. 'Lick my cunt, and my ass, you little slut, and do it properly.

'Yes mistress,' I mumbled as I flipped her skirt up and looked down at her gaping pussy and small puckered ass hole. 

Once she was done with me, we both dressed and left the house and I was surprised to see that the Mercedes had gone.

'It was a hire car, my dear. I will be calling you in a few days, and when I call, I want you to come running, do you understand. She kissed me without waiting for an answer, her tongue forced its way into my mouth and then she pushed me away. 'Be a good girl for me.'

'Yes, mistress.' I bobbed a curtsey because it felt like the right thing to do, flashed her a big smile, and backed towards my car.

'Josie,'

'Yes, mistress?'

'I will be wanting you to dress more provocatively for me next time.'

'Yes, mistress.'

'Possibly stocking and lingerie, possibly an outfit of some kind that I hope you will find embarrassing to wear.'

'Yes, mistress.'

'Show me your breasts, Josie.'

'Yes, mistress.' Without hesitation I placed my bag on the pavement, glanced nervously around as I fumbled with my buttons, then pulled my blouse to either side and lifted my breasts free of their bra cups. I pulled my nipples erect then pushed my chest out to her wanting more than anything to please her.

'Good girl, Josie.' A cab pulled up and I quickly covered up. With a last wave, she was gone, and I was already waiting for her call, I knew a new Josie had been born, and I smiled. 

******

Please send comments to me at the link below

Love n kisses

JosieXX 