 Sirena really did have a rocking body that could bring any living soul to their knees. Her curves were so smooth it was as if they had been molded for the sole intention of being ridden all night long. The way her hips swayed from side to side, if you stared long enough they'd hypnotize you. Celeste watched Sirena dance from a nearby booth, her eyes scanning up and down the sweet, sweet body that would be hers tonight. As she looked back up at Sirena's face, a sly grin crept onto her own when she saw the girl signaling for Celeste to come join her on the crowded dance floor. She stood up and ran her fingers through her short hair, trying to make it look decent before she walked over to her girlfriend. It still felt weird for Celeste call her that, even though the past four months had basically been leading up to it.

"I was wondering if you were just gonna sit over there like a loner all night. I mean you quite possibly have the hottest date in town and you're gonna make me dance all alone?!" Sirena gave the girl her famous pouty face just as their bodies were shoved against each other. Celeste opened her mouth to retaliate but Sirena already had their lips pressed together.

The kiss was intense, breath taking, and almost too much for either of them to handle. As she pulled away Sirena ran her fingers through Celeste's hair, pulling it slightly so her head tilted up and their eyes could meet. Mischievous grins spread onto both girls faces as their bodies moved against each other's. The music seemed to put the whole club in a trance, bodies grinding, lips kissing, hands reaching and groping. People couldn't keep their hands off the person in front of them and the same could be said for Celeste and Sirena.

"Let's get out of here. I've been waiting three months for tonight and I don't want to wait any longer." Celeste had to practically yell so she could be heard over all the noise but she knew Sirena heard her. The look that took over her blue eyes said more than any words ever could, she wanted to leave just as much as Celeste did. Hand in hand the two headed for the exit, both anxious for what was to come after they left the club and all it's noise behind. Being the chivalrous girl she was Celeste opened the passenger side door for her date to slip inside, shutting the door behind her before getting in the drivers seat and starting the car.

"Your place or mine?" Her face was so serious that if Sirena handn't known any better she would have thought Celeste was being genuine. A gentle, quiet laugh rolled off her tongue as she shook her head and looked into her girlfriends blue eyes.

"Well considering my place is a thousand miles away I'm gonna vote yours. The drive is going to be long enough as is." The wink Sirena gave her sent chills down Celeste's spine as she put her car in drive and pulled out of the clubs parking lot. She took a left and headed for her house, knowing that when the next ten minutes were up she'd finally be able to have Sirena, all of her. She slid her hand over the center console and slipped it into Sirena's, intertwining their fingers and giving her hand a light squeeze. Sirena smiled and leaned over to place light kisses on Celeste's neck while they sat at a red light. Soft moans flooded out of her mouth, her hand gripping the wheel so tight her knuckles turned white. When the light finally turned green Sirena sat back in her seat and looked out the window, watching Pittsburgh fly by as they drove on. As her eyes stared aimlessly her mind wondered off, bringing up memories of the past four months.

Sirena remembered their first conversation like it was yesterday, she had followed Celeste on Instagram and thought nothing of it, just a pretty girl whose face she wanted to see more of. Life went on as normal for the next few days, until a week later when her phone blew up with notifications from Instagram. Curious, she had opened the app only to find that the pretty blonde haired girl was liking all her recent photos. Her face instantly turned red and a small giggle fled from her full lips, both of which grabbed the attention of her best friend who was sitting right across the table from her. With a raised eyebrow Tabitha stared a her and cleared her throat.

"So who's blowing up your phone now?" She inquired, intrigued as to whom it was that was making her friend so red. Sirena looked up at her and put her phone face down on the table, her blue eyes betraying her calm demeanor,

"Oh...no one. Just a pretty girl who's liking my pictures on Insta, that's all." A smirk crept onto her face, knowing Tabitha would make her tell no matter what she said or did, and that was just fine with her. Tabbi sat there puzzled for a bit, trying to think of whom this girl might be. With a smirk of her own she stole Sirena's phone and looked at the name.

"It's her! It's the girl I made you follow! I told you she would see you eventually and look who was right! Again." Tabi stuck her tongue out as she teased her best friend, who in turn rolled her eyes and sat back in her seat.

"It's no big deal. I mean I'm sure those will be the only pictures she likes ever. Nothing will come from it. And don't you go trying to convince me something will because it won't! Plus I remember telling you that I was done with long distance relationships forever! No good comes from them and they never last. Now please, can we just continue with our planning before you go off getting some crazy idea to make me message her." One look at Tabitha's face and Sirena regretted opening her mouth to begin with. The devious smile was possibly the worst one she had ever seen on her best friends face and they had been best friends for almost three years now. With a heavy, and quite dramatic sigh Sirena shook her head and put her phone in her purse.

"Oh c'mon Sirena! You know you want to talk to her so don't even try to deny it. Either you message her, or I will." The words were accompanied by a teasing tone but they still struck fear in Sirena's heart. Partially because she was scared that she would seem like a creep, mostly because she knew Tabi would actually do it. And she wasn't going to play nice when she did it either. Another deep sigh flowed out of her lips before Sirena pulled out her phone, opened Instagram, and typed up a short message to send to the girl, but before she could press the send button Tabitha reached across the table and took her phone. She read over the message fairly quickly, made a few changes, and then hit send.

"There! Now we wait for her to respond." Tabi smiled happily, proud she had accomplished something today. Sirena on the other hand wasn't so confident. What if she seemed like a creep? What if she never got an answer? She wasn't used to making the first move, mostly because she wasn't good with people. She took a deep breath and looked back at her phone, dreading the response that would come, if there even was one.

Four weeks later Sirena and Celeste had feelings for each other, and they were planning to meet. They had come to know each other so well that they shared long, heartfelt conversations almost every night. Celeste had come to trust Sirena so much she told her things she usually didn't tell people, and Sirena did the same. It normally took months for Celeste to decide she wanted to date someone, just because she liked to go on several dates with them so she could get to know them, but with Sirena things were different. She couldn't put her finger on it but something was new and wonderful about the girl. She would be gladly let Sirena cuff her, if only they weren't so far apart. With a list full of good qualities that went on for pages and pages why would she not? As if her amazing personality wasn't enough Sirena was a looker and Celeste quickly learned that she was a vixen, a tease that she loved to provoke in hopes of some exclusive pictures.

At five foot nine Sirena was six inches tall than Celeste, but that somehow only added to her attractiveness. She had a body that was just waiting for every inch to be explored, and hopefully by Celeste. Her red hair hung down to her waist and it helped to compliment her skin tone and ever changing eyes. She had never seen eyes like Sirena's, they held a beauty that simply wouldn't be justified by words. Celeste could always appreciate a nice pair of tits when she saw them, and she definitely could appreciate Sirena's. Along with her curves Sirena had a pair of forty double D's and a killer ass. Her body alone was sex, but the fact that she knew how to use it, well that just made Celeste even more excited to get her in bed. When Sirena had told her she had never had good sex she gladly volunteered to be the one to give it to her. They had several little bets lined up now; whether or not Celeste could make her scream, how quickly Celeste could make her cum, if Sirena could make Celeste cum in under ten minutes, if Celeste could make Sirena have multiple orgasms, if Celeste could fuck Sirena stupid, if Celeste could make Sirena feel like jello. Celeste knew she could do all of them, she just needed the chance. Just one night and Sirena would never want anyone else between her legs.

Of course Sirena wasn't the only one with good looks. Celeste was all of five foot three inches but she had one hell of a body. Her tanned skin went well with her short, blonde, faux hawk, and eyes blue like the sky. She kept herself in shape too, with well defined arms, back, legs, an amzing ass, and a six pack that made Sirena want to lick up her abs after she had made Celeste cum two or three times. And the fact that Celeste called herself 'God's gift to women' only made Sirena want her even more. The two of them didn't talk about sex all the time but when they did neither one of them could resist bringing themselves to orgasm a time or two, sometimes even while they were still talking. There was no doubt in either of their minds that sex together would be the best they'd ever had.

Sirena had never had a wet dream before but one night, after Celeste had teased her then gone to sleep that all changed. When Sirena finally passed out at five o'clock in the morning she had a dream she'd never forget. They were in a hotel hallway, she didn't recognize it but she also wasn't paying much attention with Celeste pushed against a wall and their tongues wrestling. Sirena practically had her hand inside Celeste's pants and was ready to go down there in the hall when the elevator dinged and the sound of voices could be heard. In just a few seconds the girls were separated and trying desperately to get into their room. The moment the door opened they rushed inside, giggling and shutting the door rather loudly behind them. Sirena walked into the bed room and fell face first onto the bed, laying on top of the sheets and trying to catch her breath for a minute. Before she could calm herself down though Celeste crawled onto the bed and kissed her way up her body. Shivers rushed down Sirena's spine as she stayed still, not wanting to disturb Celeste as she gently massaged her back while kissing on the base of her neck. Soft whines poured out of her mouth as Celeste's hands worked their magic on her sore body. Suddenly the hands were on her arms and Sirena was flipped over onto her back. Before she could react they were kissing, a vigorous exchange of passion as their hands ran over each others bodies. Celeste pulled back, gasping for air but not stopping, her hands tore at Sirena's shirt, pulling it up and over her head so she could gaze as those fantastic tits she loved so much.

"God damn...If you get any sexier I'm going to keep you at my house and never let you wear clothes so I can fuck you whenever I want." Celeste whispered the words against Sirena's chest, her lips and hands feeling every inch of her breasts. The whines coming from her got louder now as she felt Celeste reach behind her back to undo her bra and pull it off, throwing it somewhere in the room. Her eyes closed, she laid there, letting Celeste explore her body with both her mouth and finger tips. Tonight was not a night that they were going to tease, they had done enough teasing over dinner and during the movie. Right then they just wanted to feel each other shaking and grinding as they came. Sirena suddenly took control and rolled them over so she was on top. She quickly removed Celeste's shirt and bra and tossed them aside, not worrying about where they landed. Bite marks trailed down Celeste's body as Sirena unbuttoned her pants and pushed them onto the floor, they're eyes never breaking contact. As Sirena slowly pulled Celeste's Calvin Klein boxers off with her teeth she dragged her nails down her abs, making sure to scratch hard enough to leave marks for a few days.

"Fuck! How the hell are you so sexy all the time?!" Celeste waited till her boxers were off and reached down to pull Sirena back up, then push her over onto her back. It didn't take her long to remove the girls jeans and lace thong, hurling them across the room. She quickly pushed open Sirena's thighs and dove in. Her tongue licked up the length of her pussy, bringing a loud moan from both of them. Celeste had never tasted anything so sweet, and Sirena was always wet so she had plenty to lick up. She flicked her tongue across her clit once, knowing it would drive her girl crazy and make her beg for more. Sure enough after a few more licks Sirena was begging for Celeste to stop teasing and do it right. Of course she had no problem complying and getting to it. Her tongue licked at her clit over and over again, the speed almost bringing Sirena to the edge immediately, her moans getting louder the closer she got.

"Oh fuck, Celeste! You're already making me want to cum!" Sirena's words only fueled Celeste's plan to make her have the best orgasm of her life. Her tongue slid into Sirena's pussy and Celeste began to fuck her with it while her right hand twisted a nipple and she dug the nails of her left hand into her right thigh. After four minutes of tongue fucking Sirena was clawing at Celeste's back and throwing her head from side to side on the pillow. Just seconds after that she was screaming as she came, her whole body shaking and grinding against her face. Celeste grinned and started licking up the length of her lips slowly, making sure to get all of Sirena's juices in her mouth. As Sirena started to come down from her high she looked down at the girl between her legs and-

"Sirena?!" Celeste reached over to the passenger seat and shook her girlfriends shoulder. Sirena jumped and looked over at her with an expression of shock on her face.

"What?" She frowned at Celeste, slightly annoyed that she had interrupted her memory. She peeked out the window and saw that they were parked outside her house. Celeste was already out of the car and opening up Sirena's door by the time she realized she was still buckled. As she stepped out of the car she felt a wetness on her thigh and blushed in the dark, recognizing why it was there. Celeste took her hand, lead her up the sidewalk and to the front door, unlocking it and pulling Sirena inside. She jumped again when Celeste slapped her ass and turned to glare playfully at her only to be grabbed and all but dragged towards the bedroom. She laid back on the bed and looked up at her. A mischievous smile sliding onto her face as Sirena was approached by the girl, knowing that tonight Celeste was going to make her a screamer.