 There are no underage characters in this story. All characters are over the age of 18-years-old.

Cross-Dressing, Gay & Lesbian Sex 2

Emma confesses her sexy secret to her husband of wanting to have sex with a woman.

"I have this secret, sexual fantasy that I want to have sex with a woman," said Daniel's wife, Emma, during their pillow talk while they were having sex.

Sex with another woman? Emma wants to have sex with another woman? He couldn't believe it. He was too sexually excited to speak. Yet, not wanting her to take his silence as a negative answer, as if his cock was directly speaking to her through his mouth, he summoned his response all the way up from his penis.

"If that's a sexual fantasy that you've always had, then it's one that you should explore," he said with the maturity and wisdom of a doctor but with the agenda and ulterior motives of a used car salesman. "I don't see anything wrong with you having a lesbian affair."

Suddenly, as if there were music playing and Angels singing the love theme from Tchaikovsky's Romeo and Juliet, Piano Concerto #1 in B Flat, Sleeping Beauty, and/or the theme from Swan Lake, Daniel looked at his lovely wife with a new found sexual lust. As if she wasn't beautiful before, she was even more beautiful now. She looked at him as if she said something dirty, naughty, and forbidden in a happy marriage and he looked at her as if she was the very best wife in the world and in that moment, she was.

If only she knew that her having sex with a woman was his sexual fantasy too, he wondered what she'd say. If only she knew that he'd like to watch her having lesbian sex with her fantasy lover, he wondered if she'd still want to have lesbian sex. If only she knew that he'd like to participate in a threesome, but that's something he probably should keep to himself. He wondered if she'd be relieved or if knowing that he'd love to see her licking a pussy would turn her off enough to no longer want to have lesbian sex.

The image of his beautiful wife having lesbian sex with a woman took hold of his consciousness as if he was already watching her in a lesbian scene in a porn movie. Wow! Always thinking of his wife as a hot, sexy woman, he never thought of her as a lesbian or even a bi-sexual. Now, he couldn't wait for her to have lesbian sex with a woman so that she could tell him all about it, every sexy detail, during their pillow talk.

As if she was Titania in Shakespeare's Midsummer's Night's Dream frolicking in the forest with one of the fairies, he imagined Emma frolicking in bed with her lesbian lover. After she confessed her sexy secret of wanting to have sex with a woman, with the timing right, not only was it time to tell her his cross dressing secret but it was the right time to tell her that he was a cross dresser. With him sexually excited by the delicious thought and by the erotic image of her having lesbian sex with a woman, he almost confessed his cross dressing secret to her right then and right there. With her being so open and so honest with him, she inspired him to be open and honest with her too.

If only for her to more consider the idea of having sex with a woman without the guilt he had harbored with cross dressing, he needed to tell his wife his secret. She needed to know that he was harboring a sexual secret too. If there was one person he could trust, he could trust Emma with his secret. If there was one person who needed to know what he's been hiding all of these years, she needed to know.

Seemingly, now the fact that he knows that she wants to have sex with a woman doesn't make his secret so terrible. No longer a secret, wouldn't it be wonderful if they both accepted one another's secrets and shared all of the sexy details during their pillow talking sessions? With the sky the limit, so long as she only had sex with women and not men, wouldn't it be wonderful if they could have a more open marriage where they accepted one another for who they are sexually? He imagined the perfect marriage of him cross dressing in front of her and him allowing her to have lesbian lovers that is so long as she shared all of the details during their pillow talking sessions.

Yet, still troubled by her reaction, he again wondered what her reaction would be to him telling her his cross dressing secret. With the same thoughts running through his mind in the way they controlled his thoughts before, maybe she'd be disapproving of him. Maybe she'd be disappointed in him. Maybe she'd ask him to leave the house and get his own place. Maybe she'd want a divorce. Maybe she'd be so disgusted by him and by what he was about to tell her that she'd never want to see him again. Maybe she'd be so angry that he kept his secret from her for the ten, long years that they've been married that she'd feel the need to embarrass him.

In the way he didn't trust her with his secret, he imagined that she'd humiliate him by telling all of friends and family that he's a cross dresser. Yet, it didn't matter what she did or how she reacted, she needed to know his secret. He needed to tell her the truth. If only to save himself, he had to tell her. Tired of hiding his secret, he needed to be free of the sneaking around and his guilty conscience.

Going over it again and again, he ran it all through his mind again. With her such a positive and loving person, too negative and close minded of her not to understand his need to wear women's clothes, maybe she would understand. Maybe she'd be accepting of him. Maybe she'd love him even more for all that he's gone through and for the trust he showed in her by telling her his secret. Maybe he's worried about nothing. She's his wife and she loves him after all. Maybe, she'd even help him in what he needed and was driven to do. Yeah, maybe she'd help him dress as a woman. Maybe she'd help him look more like a woman.

* * * * *

That night, thinking of the perfect time to tell his wife his cross dressing secret, Daniel bided his time while waiting for Emma to mention her lesbian, sexual fantasy again. With Emma obviously in the mood for sex, perhaps during or after their pillow talking session may be a good time to tell her that he likes wearing women's clothes. Then, again, while they're enjoying their orgasmic afterglows, telling her something as disturbing as that may be the worst time to tell her that he enjoys cross dressing. Now that the time is here and he's confronted by his need to tell her his secret, unsure if he should even tell her, how can he tell her that he's a cross dresser? Too afraid to tell her for fear that his secret would ruin everything, yet again, he didn't tell her.

With the sexy thoughts of her having lesbian sex, she made him forget about his cross dressing confession with the kisses and the sex she just gave him. Deeply French kissing him and with him filled with love and sexual excitement, he never felt closer to his wife than he did now when making love to her. Physically entwined, with her sharing her body with him by allowing him free access nearly any time he wanted her, embodied in mind and connected in spirit, he finally felt closely comfortable enough with her to share his secret with her. Only, still holding back, he couldn't just blurt out that he's a cross dresser. As if she's a delicate, beautiful flower, with her opening up to him by telling him her lesbian secret fantasy and giving him loving sex, he needed to trust her enough to tell her the truth. If there was a perfect time to tell her, now may be the time to tell her that he's a cross dresser.

'Emma,' he imagined saying to her while she was reading the Sunday paper or talking to her mother on the phone.

'Yes Daniel?' He imagined her mindlessly responding.

"I'm a cross dresser,' he imagined saying.

'That's nice dear,' he imagined her vaguely saying while not really paying any attention to what he just confessed. 

He wished it was that easy but assuredly, it wasn't. With her trusting him with her secret, and with her already confessing her sexual secret to him of her wanting to be with a woman, he needed to tell her that he's a cross dresser. Yet, now that he knows her secret, his secret stayed in the background instead of in the forefront. Excited for her to have sex with a woman, he couldn't wait for her to have sex with a woman. As if she's already had sex with a woman, he could clearly see her naked body in the arms of her lesbian lover. So sexually and shockingly exciting, her being with a woman has not only commanded the topic of their sexy pillow talk lately but also their open and honest sexual dialogue has heated their lust for one another to an even higher flame.

Just as he never thought he'd have sexual thoughts of having sex with a man, he never thought his wife would have sexual thoughts of having sex with a woman. Only her having sex with a woman was one thing and him having sex with a man was something else entirely. Kissing and kissing him, she stroked his cock while he felt her huge tits and fingered her erect nipples. Imagining his sex life not getting any better than blissfully this, unless she was sucking him or he was making love to her, he loved fondling her big boobs and fingering her enormous nipples as she stroked his cock.

While having sex with her, he wondered if she was thinking about having sex with a woman in the way that he was always thinking about dressing as a woman and sometimes pondering the possibility of having sex with a man. If only by her own confession, her desire to have lesbian sex with a woman seemed much stronger than his briefly elusive thought of what it would be like to have sex with a man. In the way he made out with his dorm room mate twenty years ago, he wonder if she had a lesbian affair before, perhaps while in college. Then, he wondered, if she never had lesbian sex before and had lesbian sex now for the first time, would she want to have lesbian sex again or again or would one time lesbian sex suffice?

Who knows? Maybe in the way that he kissed and felt a man, she's already kissed and felt a woman too. Maybe in the way he's sometimes thought about having sex with a man over the years, she's thought about having sex with a woman. Maybe her having lesbian sex and him having gay sex are just fantasies and nothing more than that. Then again, maybe in the way that he cross dresses and didn't tell her, she's had sex with a woman and didn't tell him. Maybe her telling him her sexual secret of wanting to have lesbian sex with a woman was her pretense for her to tell him what has already happened.

He wondered how long she's been thinking about having sex with a woman or if she's been thinking about having sex with a woman all along. He wondered if, because he doesn't go down on her as much as she goes down on him, if he's driven her to have lesbian thoughts. He wondered if because he doesn't lick her as much as she sucks him, if he's motivated her to have lesbian sex. With him always feeling guilty and blaming himself for everything that's not right, maybe her wanting a lesbian lover is his fault for him not giving her more oral orgasms. 

Then, as if preordained, sliding her body down while staring up at him with her big, beautiful, blue eyes, she took him in her mouth. She was sucking his cock yet again when he couldn't remember the last time he licked her pussy. Definitely feeling responsible, it was his fault that his wife wants to have lesbian sex. While she sucked him, he reached down to fondle her big boob and finger her erect nipple. Allowing the sensation of her sucking him to envelope him in pure pleasure, he closed his eyes to enjoy his wife sucking him while she stroked him and he felt her big breast in his hand. 

'Life is good. Life is definitely good,' he thought to himself. 'He's so lucky to have such a beautiful, sexy woman in his bed, in his life, and as his loving wife. Now the cherry on the top, she wants his blessing for her to live out her sexual fantasy by having sex with a woman.'

Suddenly, perhaps because she confessed her sexual fantasy to him, he was now experiencing a sexual fantasy of his own. Never happening to him before, instead of thinking of his wife sucking his cock, he imagined a man sucking his cock. Wow, what a rush? Even though it was his blonde, bombshell of a wife attached to his cock, he could feel his cock harden by the thought of a man blowing him.

Yet, as soon as he opened his eyes and saw her beautiful, natural blonde hair and her big, blue eyes gazing adoringly up at him, the thought of having sex with another man evaporated. Then, as if an airborne virus, the thoughts of him dressing as a woman while having sex with his wife took hold of his mind. In the way that she wants to have sex with a woman, he'd love to have sex with her while dressed as a woman. Only what would she say if she only knew that he wanted to look more like her? She'd think he's gone bonkers. She'd think him mad.

Who knows? With her wanting to be with a woman, maybe being with him dressed as a woman would appeal to her and satisfy her sexual fantasy of wanting to have sex with a woman. Being that he likes having sex with women, even though he's a man, does that make him lesbian? A ridiculous idea, even with him dressed as a woman, he couldn't give her what she needs in having sex with a woman who had breasts, a pussy, and who was a woman inside. He's nothing more than a man masquerading as a woman. He's just a lying cross dresser who doesn't have the courage to be honest with his wife in the way that she was just honest with him of wanting to have lesbian sex with a woman.

* * * * *

He allowed his guilty conscience to run away with his thoughts. If she could do that for him, suck him and make love to him whenever he wanted her to suck him and make love to him, then he could come clean to her with the truth that he's a cross dresser. Feeling guilty about his secret, it's not fair to her that he's been hiding this secret from her for so long. Only, with her such a loving and trusting wife, afraid of rocking their boat, he was afraid he'd ruin their perfect marriage and their happy life. He feared losing her. He feared her wanting nothing more to do with him other than him giving her a divorce. What he once feared her going off with another man after telling her his secret, he now feared her going off with another woman.

Happy, especially at this very moment with her sucking him, he was so very happy that Emma was his wife and he needed to do everything in his power to keep her with him, even if it meant not telling her his cross dressing secret. Then, expelling him from her mouth with her tongue, she climbed up to him and kissed him. God, so needing the release, he so wanted to cum in her beautiful mouth. He so wanted to watch her swallow him. Only, he knew she wanted more than him just turning to go to sleep after she blew him. No doubt, she wanted him to make love to her.

Just as she'd never turn down his offer to eat her, he'd never turn her down offer to suck him. Only, he was distracted by other thoughts. Only, she sucked him way more than he licked her, probably the reason why she's turning lesbian. Her secret, lesbian, sexual fantasy was all his fault. Suddenly, instead of concentrating on having sex with Emma, he was distracted by the images that flashed through his mind of her having sex with a woman. He was distracted by the thoughts of him confessing that he was a cross dresser and he was distracted by the thoughts of him having sex with a man. Seldom thinking about having gay sex with a man, after his wife confessed her secret to have lesbian sex with a woman, he thought more of having gay sex with a man.

When she kissed him after she sucked him, especially when she French kissed him, he could taste himself on her lips and on her tongue. The sensation of tasting his own cock excited him and for a brief moment he imagined what it must taste like to suck a man. Needing to concentrate on Emma's sexual pleasure, he needed to remove any other thoughts, her lesbianism and his homosexuality, from his mind. She mounted him and reached down behind herself to move his erection inside of her warm, wet pussy. Oh, my God, she was so warm, she was so tight, and she was so wet. He so loved making love to her. He so loved fucking her. Perhaps one day after she cheated on him with a woman, he'd cheat on her with a man. Never would he cheat on his wife with another woman, unless she invited him to have sex with her lesbian lover as a threesome.

Slowly lowering herself down until he was deeply inside of her, she leaned down to meet his lips. Kissing and kissing him again, as if making love for the first time, he still felt about her now as he did the first time they made love. Only, so much better now than then, they humped one another as if they were one. As if they're joined together and connected by more than just vows and a marriage contract, they were always on the same page sexually. Never has he loved anyone as much as he loves Emma. Never has he had better sex than he's had with Emma and for him to even think of having sex with a man over her should be a criminal offense punishable by castration.

How dare he think of someone else when he has someone like her in his bed? With his cock buried in her sweet mouth and now in her tight pussy, what's wrong with him to even ponder the thought of a man sucking his cock while his beautiful, sexy wife was sucking his cock before making love to him? If only she knew he was thinking of someone else sucking him while having sex with her, especially when thinking about another man, she'd never have sex with him again. She'd never understand. She'd hate him. She'd divorce him. He needed to be really careful in not inadvertently saying the wrong thing at the wrong time. Then, timing her words perfectly, she said what he hoped she'd say again.

* * * * *

"Sometimes I imagine having sex with a woman," she said biting her lip while continuing the pillow talk where she left off the last time she confessed wanting to be with a woman.

As if she said something wrong, she looked so guilty when she said that. Instead, with her saying something so right, she looked so sexy when she said what she said that she wanted to have sex with a woman. Unable to stop himself from thinking of another woman having her lesbian way with his wife, when she said that she wanted to have sex with a woman, she looked so vulnerable. She looked so innocent. She looked as if she was a virgin about to embark not on heterosexual sex but lesbian sex and, perhaps, she was.

Oh my God, casting aside their marriage vows of faithfulness, he couldn't believe they were continuing this forbidden discussion of debauchery. Truth be told, he'd love to see her with another woman. In the way she breathlessly confessed her secret, sexual fantasy to him, he knew it sexually excited her to talk about making love with a woman in the way it sexually excited him to dress as a woman and perhaps, one day, even to have sex with a man. 

"You do?"

The image of her with another woman ran away with his thoughts.

"Yes," she said.

Not wanting to her to cut her sexy pillow talk short, encouraging her, he goaded her into telling him more.

"Tell me how you imagine it happening," he said playing her anything goes pillow talking game.

This time, he hoped she'd be more in the mood to talk about her lesbian fling with her imagined lover in greater detail than she did the last time she briefly mentioned it in passing. Obviously she felt more comfortable with him and trusting of him that he didn't put the kibosh on the idea of her making love with a woman the first time she mentioned it. With the pussy already out of the bag, so to speak, the first time she told him of her sexy secret, he hoped she'd expand more about her lesbian tryst. Wanting her to go into greater detail in the way that he, no doubt would, if he was telling her about his cross dressing or his thoughts of having sex with a man, he needed to give her some space and more time for her to volunteer more information.
