 If anyone were to ask her, Lauren would have no idea how Jennifer came to be employed as her assistant. That first interview had been the most awkward moment of her life as she tried to remain professional sat at her desk, asking her questions and yet unable to help her eyes lowering to admire her ample cleavage hidden beneath a tight blouse. It was a horrible idea to employ someone with whom she was not only attracted to but had actually fucked around with, even if her answers had been exemplary. Feeding back to the other executives that while Jennifer was clearly very talented, she was not right to work under her in her opinion she was surprised when a week later when she came back from a business trip Jenny was there waiting for her. Apparently none of the other candidates had her particular skills and Lauren just had to learn to 'work with people you may not initially like at first' and it was a 'growing' experience. The only thing Lauren found growing in that first week was the number of times she thought she might be having heart palpitations just from watching Jennifer around the office. 

Lauren loved clothes and a well-dressed woman was a massive turn on for her, especially if she looked professional while doing so. The woman she had met in the airport in her jeans and sneakers was long gone and Jennifer seemed deft at creating the perfect work appropriate outfits that got her blood pumping. Tight little pencil skirts, heels that made her toned legs look amazing, fitted blouses that accentuated every ample curve and crisp edge. Jennifer was a beautiful woman and while Lauren fought to be as professional and withdrawn as she possibly could, verging on being cold with her, she couldn't resist looking at her and when she was alone at home in her bed she couldn't resist thinking about removing those clothes and exploring what was underneath. Almost every night she came, her fingers buried deep inside her pussy, clenching tightly around her fingers as she recalled what had happened in that bathroom and though she felt guilty she couldn't help herself, getting to know her as a person just making her that much more attractive. 

It was coming to year end and Lauren had been working late nights every night for the past two weeks to prepare a report for the shareholders. A good night's sleep was a distant memory and she felt tense and out of sorts as her schedule had been completely thrown off. Sat at her desk with music playing softly she glanced out through the glass walls of her office to an otherwise darkened floor. Glancing at the clock she noted it was nine and promised to do just one more hour before heading home. 

Jennifer walked through the floor, the lights turning on one by one as she approached Lauren's office and she knocked gently on the glass before walking in. "I brought you something to eat... you haven't eaten since breakfast," she murmured as she set an Itsu bag on her desk, sinking into the chair opposite hers, crossing one leg over the other.

Lauren blinked in surprise when she saw her, having assumed she'd gone home a while ago. "Thank you... that's very sweet of you but you really should have gone home. There's no need to be here..." Peeking inside the bag she smiled at the sushi tray and took it out, only realising just how hungry she was when food was presented to her. 

"I've been downstairs working on the design of the annual report. Thought I could help you out to make sure it was printed on time," Jennifer offered with a smile, enjoying to watch Lauren when she wasn't looking as she wasn't self conscious, she could just eye the delicate line of her jaw, the soft waves of red hair that fell over her shoulders, the sharp lines of her clavicles. It was the smallest details of her that Jennifer was so fascinated by and even if she had felt how much Lauren had tried to keep a distance from her it only made her more alluring. 

Smiling before taking a bite of sushi she smiled. "Thank you, you've been doing a really good job. You're very well liked among the team, I've received many compliments on your performance so far." 

"Feeling bad for not wanting to hire me now?" Jennifer asked with a little smirk.

"What?" Lauren paused, her chopsticks poised in the air. "Whatever gave you that impression?"

"Oh come on." Jennifer laughed and rolled her eyes. "When we had that interview you were practically telling me at the end that I was good but not to get my hopes up. I think if you hadn't have had to go over to France or wherever you went, and you had been involved in the last two interviews? I wouldn't have gotten the job." 

Lauren paused for a moment and then shrugged her shoulders. "That's neither here nor there, you work here now don't you?" she asked, finishing off the little sushi tray and taking a sip of water, looking up to meet her eyes directly for one of the first times. Lauren wouldn't say she was intimidated by Jennifer but there was always the concern that by meeting her eyes, really looking at her she might blush and then everyone would somehow know that she was a massive lesbian. "I just wanted to compliment you." 

Jennifer smiled and pushed herself to stand, leaning forward to collect the rubbish from her desk and put it into the recycling. "Well thank you kindly," she murmured, affecting a Southern accent only to wink at her. "You work too hard you know. You deserve to have a life outside of work. You should have one. Your personal trainer is still trying to reschedule, I've had multiple dinner requests from friends..."

Lauren watched her as she moved around the office only to feel her pulse quicken as she came around her side of the desk to stand beside her. "It'll all be over in a few weeks and then I'll be back to normal."

"You just seem really tense." Jennifer said with a shrug, resting a hand on her shoulder, her soft fingertips sliding briefly over her pale skin as she moved behind her instead. "Did I ever tell you that I spent a Summer as a masseuse?" she asked, resting her other hand on her shoulders and just gently starting to rub them, working her muscles beneath skilled fingertips.

Lauren tensed for a moment and then sat up straight in her chair, reaching to brush her hands off. "Thank you, but that isn't appropriate," she said as firmly as she could, swallowing thickly.

"Thank you, but that isn't appropriate." Jennifer parroted her, impersonating her crisp British accent. "You Brits always sound so affronted by everything..." she murmured as she placed her hands back on her shoulders and started to massage them more firmly, letting her thumbs extend to slide over the nape of her neck, smiling to herself when she saw goose pimples rise on her skin. "It's really fine. You don't have to worry. Plenty of execs get massages in their offices."

Lauren was about to protest, knowing she should reprimand her in some way for teasing her but Jennifer did have a point, plenty of people in the company did have office massages and although she knew having Jennifer do it was not ideal, it felt a little too good to stop her now as she relaxed a little more. "I guess."

"I just wish I had oils with me and my table... we could really relax you." Jennifer murmured, close enough now that she could smell the sweet scent of her perfume and she bit into her lip, trying not to let herself get carried away. Since she had started working there she was infatuated with Lauren, this tense, shy, beautiful woman who she knew had a dirty side that could be unlocked if the right combination was put in. Professionally she was assertive and suffered no fools but privately Jennifer loved to make her squirm, deliberately bending in front of her, giving her views of her body and watching as she turned bright red or began to stutter. It was freaking adorable. Feeling Lauren start to relax she let her hands wander a little more, sliding down over her back and neck, feeling how tense her muscles were. "You're all knotted up."

Lauren sighed out softly, her eyes closed and she just nodded in agreement. "I haven't been to the gym in a week. I always get tense." 

"Need that endorphin rush hm?" Jennifer asked, carefully tipping Lauren's head to one side so she could massage her neck more carefully. From her bird's eye view she could see into her shirt, admiring her plump pale breasts and she realised that in their tryst she had never gotten a chance to explore them. Biting into her lip she let her hand run down over her chest, massaging the muscles there just to see how she'd react. 

Nodding in agreement Lauren bit into her lip. "I'd never thought of it like that but yes. That feeling when you crush your speed or do extra time... it's a rush."

"You're so competitive..." Jennifer laughed. "Do you know what else gives you that rush?" she asked, her hands inching down just a little lower, but not yet touching her breasts. Jennifer knew she was playing with fire but she could feel her clit tingle just at the idea of having this woman again and she was never one to resist her desires. 

"What's that?"

"Rough, dirty sex. Nothing relaxes me more." Jennifer said casually, as if talking about the weather. "Coming so hard you feel like you've been hit by a pleasure truck." 

Lauren tensed at the mention of sex, this already questionable moment definitely crossing the line but before she could actually respond she felt Jennifer's hands slide over her breasts through her shirt and pinch her nipples through her bra lightly. Gasping, her eyes flew open and she reached up to hold her hands steady. "Jennifer," she said firmly, trying to turn to look at her but it was difficult when she was directly behind. "Remove your hands at once." 

Jennifer felt Lauren's hands over her own but she didn't stop, just teasing her nipples the best she could through two layers of material. "Or what?" she asked innocently, leaning down behind her to kiss below her ear only to bite lightly into her creamy skin, feeling intoxicated by the smell of her skin and perfume. "You always smell so fucking delicious," she murmured as she lightly dragged her tongue over the mark where she had just bitten.

Lauren shivered at the feel of her tongue and she shook her head. "Jennifer, no - we musn't." she said, still trying to steel her voice as she resisted the urge to moan softly. 

Laughing softly against her skin she pushed Lauren's hands from her own and started to unbutton her shirt. "I won't tell if you won't... you enjoyed it so much last time." Jennifer felt Lauren's hands come up to try and stop her again but she just shook them off. "Your pussy was so delicious... don't you want to come for me again?" 

They were in her office! Anyone could come back at anytime because they'd forgotten something, a cleaner could walk in to do a late shift and they were there in her office where anyone could see. Lauren shook her head and tried to push herself to stand up but was promptly pushed back down into her seat, her shirt pulled open, her breasts exposed apart from the ivory satin bra she was wearing. "Jennifer," she said weakly, feeling a little like a doll being undressed as her shirt was pulled from her followed by her bra and suddenly being spun around in her chair. Looking Jennifer over she saw the hunger there and felt as if she had never been so turned on in all of her life. Reaching up Lauren cupped the back of her neck and pulled her in for a firm kiss, pushing her fingers into her hair and fisting it slightly as she parted her lips and let her tongue slip into Jennifer's mouth. It was a rough, hungry kiss that was over much too soon as Jennifer pushed her back in her seat as she sank down onto her knees.

"Do you know how hard it is for me not to touch you everyday?" she asked, sliding her hands over thighs only to nimbly unbutton Lauren's skirt, smiling when Lauren willfully raised her hips so it could slide off. Seeing Lauren sat there in her chair wearing nothing but a pair of silk panties and her black Prada pumps, Jennifer felt a little overwhelmed with lust for her. Leaning in she kissed over her ample breasts, never having seen such pale pink nipples before but she loved them. Sucking one into her mouth she dragged her tongue around it slowly as her fingertips slid up her inner thighs, enjoying watching her squirm in her seat. Sucking on it hungrily Jennifer smiled as Lauren moaned for her only to lean over and do the same to the other nipple, only this time she dragged her teeth over it just enough to hurt a little only to suck on it slowly after. 

"Oh fuck," Lauren panted softly, watching Jennifer's painted lips wrapped around her breast. "You're so mmm..." 

Smiling as she trailed her fingers over the gusset of her panties she smiled when she felt how damp they already were, her lips moving lower over her flat stomach as she hooked her fingers around the edges of her panties and pulled them down to admire her soaking wet, bare pussy. "You are so wet," she murmured with appreciation. "You act like you don't want it but..." Jennifer dragged her fingers through Lauren's wetness only to bring them up for Lauren to see her juices glistening in the office light. "You clearly do." Holding Lauren's eyes as she sucked her fingers clean. 

"I - " Lauren blushed at the sight even as it made her insides clench with pleasure. "I want to see you too... I - I never got to see you before." 

Jennifer pretended to think about that before nodding, reaching back to unzip her dress before letting it slide off of her body, revealing a petite, lean body that was golden all over. Reaching back she unhooked her bra and then slid her panties down.

Lauren took in her body with fascination, noticing a tattoo on her ribs of a mandala and before she could stop herself she was reaching out to cup her breasts, her lips finding the curve of Jennifer's neck as she began to kiss along it, teasing her nipples between thumb and forefinger. 

"Nope," she murmured and pushed her back into the chair, loving how eager Lauren was to touch her but not wanting to lose control. "I think... you just really need... " Jennifer began only to smirk. "Stand up for me?"

Lauren nodded slowly and stood only for Jennifer to pull the chair from behind her and stand up to. Lauren reached out and cupped Jennifer's hips, pulling her close for another kiss and she smiled against her lips as she wasn't pushed away. Moving her hands over the curve of her hips to her waist she let her hands explore her skin, inching higher up until she could cup her heavy breasts once more. "Your body is amazing." Lauren murmured against her lips, almost in awe.

Jennifer smiled at the compliment only to take her hands away again and turn her around so Lauren's back was to her. Pushing her long red hair off of her shoulder she kissed over her delicate skin, trying to kiss every freckle that spread across her shoulder blades only to bend her slowly over her desk until she was bent at ninety degrees. "You are the hottest thing I have ever seen." she murmured and stood back up, eyeing her bent over her desk that way, her legs spread, her ass up in the air with just a pair of heels on and she couldn't resist bringing a hand down on her pale ass. "So hot." she murmured to herself, watching as her pale skin flushed pink. "You just need to unwind," Jennifer said as she arched back over her and slid her fingers along Lauren's wet lips only to press two fingers inside her. 

Lauren moaned out as she felt Jennifer's fingers inside her, groaning out her name quietly as she was fingered slow and firm, jumping when Jennifer's hand came back down firmly on her ass only to make her moan out and clench firmly around her fingers. "Oh god...oh that feels so good," she moaned out, her eyes clenched shut tight. When Jennifer's other arm curled around her hips so her fingers could start teasing her clit Lauren rocked her hips down to meet both hands, starting to pant softly as pleasure flooded through her.

Jennifer couldn't believe how wet she was but it was driving her crazy, starting to move her two fingers inside her faster, more firmly as she felt Lauren gripping them in response. Kissing over her back and spine she moaned softly, alternative the attention on her clit from featherlight touches to dragging it around the little nub firmly, loving the range of sounds she could elicit from this beautiful woman. One moment there were breathy moans and sighs to full on moaning. Curling her fingers inside her she started to scissor them inside her tight pussy, biting into her skin as she felt Lauren's body starting to tense. 

"Oh fuck - oh fuck - fuck - fuck Jenny - God don't - don't stop. So good... so fucking good." Lauren cried out, her fingers clawing at the desk slightly as she rocked her hips down firmly onto Jennifer's fingers, grinding her pussy onto them as her whole body burned up. Her pussy started to clench and as her thighs started to tremble she knew an orgasm wasn't far away, her moans getting louder as she got closer.

"Who knew you had such a potty mouth?" Jennifer smirked against her skin as she worked her fingers around Lauren's clit up and down from the tip of her clit up over her pussy to the nerve ending that were inside, giving her clit the full attention it could have and as her body seized and her hips jerked forward Jennifer knew she was there. Fucking her with her fingers roughly she savoured the moans coming from those pretty lips as she rode her fingers till she was finished. 

Lauren was slumped over her desk, her hot cheek pressed to the wood and she saw all of the papers she had been working on all day and she didn't even care. Panting softly she could feel how wet her thighs were and she didn't care. Pushing herself up on weak hands her pussy was still tingling as she brought a hand up to push her hair off of her face, her eyes settling on Jennifer. She went to speak but rather than do that she pulled on her wrist and swapped their positions but letting Jennifer sit on the edge of her desk instead. 

Jennifer laughed as she was spun around and pushed onto the desk, surprised by how forward she was being but she could see that familiar light in her eyes, the one she had seen in the bathroom and as Lauren sank onto her knees and pressed on Jennifer's knees to spread them wide she knew she was in for a good time. "I'm not sure if you look more beautiful bent over your desk or on your knees..." she said, tenderly pushing her fingers through Lauren's hair. 

Taking Jennifer's wrist she held her eyes as she brought her wet fingers to her lips and slowly started to clean them with her tongue only to press a gentle kiss to her fingertips. Leaning forward she dragged her tongue over her pretty pink pussy lips and sucked on them slowly only to drag her tongue down to her entrance and lap up the wetness she found there, starting to fuck her pussy with her tongue. Moaning against her skin she dragged her nails along the inside of her thighs only to push them up over her stomach and to her breasts, teasing her nipples. Wiggling her tongue fast and quick inside her and then slow and firm she dragged her tongue up to her clit just as she pinched her nipples, smiling at the gasp she heard.

"Lauren you - that feels so good..." Jennifer moaned, leaning back on her hands as she watched Lauren eat her out. It was a massive turn on to see her boss on her knees for her, licking her pussy so hungrily. "Have you been thinking about this?" she asked, pushing her fingers through her hair and tugging it slightly.

Lauren nodded as she fluttered her tongue over Jennifer's clit, working it soft and quick only to suck on it slowly, loving to hear Jennifer moan for her. Dragging her tongue in firm, quick circles around her clit she leaned down again to fuck her pussy, moaning at the taste of her as she felt Jennifer's juices slipping over her face. 
