 Halloween was a couple of weeks off yet, and the fall semester was going well for both Bonnie and Sami; oh, they had tons of homework that kept them super busy, make no mistake, but they also found the time to scoot around the City, the two of them a common sight in the Garden district on Sami's motor scooter.

Sami started shooting a lot in the French Quarters, whenever she could steal an hour or two from her day to do so. Bonnie went with her often, at first just because she had nothing else going on, but recently it had been because Sami would use her in some of her shots.

The camera lens liked Bonnie, Sami saw after the first couple of times she had shot her, and Sami thought it a good idea to explore that a bit more.

"How 'bout tilting your head just a smidge downward, yeah, like that; now, lower your eyelids just a tad, okay....hold that, baby, just...like...that," Sami said, squeezing off two quick shots.

Sami had placed Bonnie sitting on a stone bench in Jackson Square, a huge Magnolia bush as a background.

"That was great, Bonnie, I'll make a model of you yet," joked Sami while packing her camera away in her gadget bag.

"You'll make a silk purse out a sow's ear, first," Bonnie joked back with her.

"Yeah, yeah, yeah," Sami replied, "you'll see Bonnie-girl, you'll see; now, ready to head back to campus?"

"Do we have time for coffee and beignets?" Bonnie asked hopefully.

"Always time for that, girlfriend," the idea hitting Sami's hot-button.

They chose to sit outside, on the patio of Café Du Monde, a well-known and popular coffee shop in the French Quarters. Though it was fall, it was Louisiana and people were still in shorts and tees, like Sami and Bonnie wore today.

Their order of beignets and café au lait arrived, and the delicious aroma assaulted their senses; to say the girls attacked the plate of light, fluffy pastries covered with powdered sugar would be an understatement.

They laughed at each other's faces, covered with the powdery sugar, which had also gotten on their hands, as well as their tees. They brushed off what they could and decided to let the wind take care of the rest on the scooter ride back to campus.

"Hang on Bonnie-baby, you'll get run over if you fall of the back," joked Sami, and purposefully popping the clutch for a quick start, Sami laughed when Bonnie yelped and grabbed onto Sami's waist to prevent her from falling off as they rocketed down the narrow, French Quarter street.

Bonnie loved these romps with Sami, she loved the wind slipping by them as they rode through the city on Sami's scooter; of course, for Bonnie, any time spent with Sami, just the two of them, she loved, if she were to be truthful.

Moving her hands from Sami's waist, she brought them around to place them on the insides of Sami's thighs, her thumbs brushing against Sami's crotch. Squeezing the inside of Sami's thighs and laying her head against Sami's back, she relived that night at the end of the summer, when she and Sami made love that first time, really made love....

 _______________________