 "Mmm..." Lauren moaned out softly as she pushed her face into the sheets, her breath coming out in short, sharp gasps as her fists clenched around the cotton material. "Fuck yes - I - oh!" she cried out softly, her jaw dropping as she felt her insides starting to tense, her pussy walls clenching tightly around the fingers sliding so easily in and out of her, lubed considerably with her pussy juices as she cried out 'Jen!' one more time. Trying to catch her breath she writhed on her front, her large breasts pressed into the bed as her pert buttocks remained raised in the air ready for the spank that was about to be brought down. "Fuck I'm gonna come - fuck - fuck yes!"

Jennifer stood off of the bed, her fingers buried in Lauren's tight pussy and smiled as she watched that perfect pale skin blossom pink all over her perfect ass. "Mmm yeah you are," she smiled and leaned down to playfully nip at her ass. Curling her fingers inside Lauren she felt how tight she was getting, her walls gripping her fingers so tight it was difficult to move them inside her and as Lauren started to rock her hips down eagerly, fucking herself roughly Jennifer knew she was coming. "Good girl, such a good girl fucking yourself on my fingers..." Arching over her body as she climbed onto the bed Jennifer kissed the base of her spine and then dragged the tip of her tongue slowly upwards, smiling to herself as she watched goose pimples rise on Lauren's skin, the younger woman shivering and shuddering beneath her. 

"Ah! Shit - stop!" Lauren laughed, her whole body sensitive and tingling and even just the lightest touch of Jennifer's tongue felt like a bit too much, her shoulders jittering even more when she felt Jennifer's full, gorgeous lips moving along the nape of her neck. Turning onto her side she brought her legs up to her chest, her arms covering her breasts as she tried to settle down, able to feel her wetness covering the inside of her thighs and while she knew she was filthy she felt great.

Jennifer eyed Lauren over in the foetal position and burst out laughing. "You look like a victim of some kind. Like I've done something to you," she teased, bringing her hand down swiftly against her ass once more but this time she left her hand there, gently massaging the tender skin. "You're so beautiful," Jennifer mused, brushing Lauren's dark hair away from her neck so she could kiss below her ear 

Smiling at the tenderness Lauren let her eyes slip shut once more, still able to taste Jennifer on her lips after waking her up with oral earlier this morning. She'd woken just before five dying of thirst and once she had gotten some water she had come back to bed to see just a strip of moonlight filtering in through the blinds, illuminating Jennifer's golden skin as she slept, one breast visible above the sheets and something had taken hold of her as she admired her. Lauren had pulled back the sheets and wrapped her lips around her nipple, her tongue slowly working around the areola in wide circles that narrowed on each lap until she was suckling on that little bud as he fingers wandered lower. Lauren was enjoying the replay of that morning when the alarm went off and broke her from her daydream. "Ugh. I need to get up." 

Reaching over and turning the alarm off Jennifer shook her head as she sat up, her long wavy blonde hair hanging around her small, pert breasts. "How about you call in sick? We take a day? It could be great." 

"As amazing as that sounds - and it does sound quite tremendous..." Lauren began as she sat up, raising her arms above her head as she stretched lazily. "You know that I can't."

"I technically don't know anything like that. I mean, you could get hit by a bus on the way to work and they'd have to manage... so let me just knock you down with my amazing sexual skills and-" Jennifer was interrupted by Lauren's lips sealing over hers. The younger woman moved to straddle her lap, her arms curling around her neck with her wrists locking behind her head as she kissed her soft and sweet. 

"I love kissing you." Lauren admitted, mumbling the words between delicate kisses to her lips. 

"So why stop?" Jennifer groaned, her own arms circling her narrow waist and holding her close, a little tighter than she normally would to suggest she wasn't going to let go. 

"I like to be paid money to enjoy nice things." Lauren said simply, reaching down and taking her hands away. Moving off the bed she stretched again, tipping herself lazily backwards, her spine curling into a backwards 'c' before straightening up once again. 

Jennifer rolled her eyes but she smiled as she watched Lauren move, loving that she got to see her in this natural state. The way she twisted and turned to limber up in the mornings when she didn't have yoga, how her face looked before she put on her make up, the long natural strands of dark hair that passed her waist but was always tied up in a bun for work. "I will make the coffee." she called once Lauren had disappeared into the bathroom and the sound of water hitting the tiled floor from the monsoon shower was the only other sound to be heard. Walking naked through the apartment it was strange to Jennifer how natural it felt to be here now, how much like home it seemed. Since her birthday they had come back here more than a handful of times and Jennifer liked it more here than her own place. Grinding some coffee she smiled at the fresh scent and made two cappuccinos, her mind whirring away on whether it was soon enough to ask the question she'd wanted to ask for some time now. They'd woken up the morning after her birthday and talked before ultimately deciding 'this is what it is' and neither of them could expect more than that and it would stop as soon as either of them became unhappy with the arrangement. Jennifer wanted more, wanted this apartment full time, life with Lauren full time and she wasn't prepared to wait any longer for it. 

Lauren stood in the shower and washed any evidence of their morning off of her body, massaging rose scented shower gel into her skin as she sighed at the pleasure of the hot water beating down so firmly against her skin. Stepping out and wrapping a fluffy black towel around her waist she went through her usual morning routine, unable to hide the smile that was playing at her lips as she listened to the telltale signs of Jennifer being in the apartment. The groan of the coffee machine, the screech of the milk frother and then the pitter patter of little feet as she came back into the bedroom. Lauren walked out into the bedroom too and smiled when she saw her, bending down to kiss her forehead and then her lips. "Thank you. You're the best."

"I am the best." Jennifer agreed as she lay back on the bed, her long, tanned, toned legs stretched out in front of her. "What would you do without me?"

Lauren dropped her towel and walked around the room naked, reaching into her underwear drawer and pulling out a pair of emerald green french panties and stepped into them only to slide them up slowly, smiling at Jennifer. "Die probably." she said flatly as she selected the matching bra and put it on. 

Jennifer blinked at that flat tone but laughed softly, remembering British humour and she smiled. "Are we still going to the pub on Sunday for a roast with your friends?" 

"Yeah. I don't want to stay for the rugby though. It gets way too busy there. So we might all come back here? If you're up for it?" 

"Sounds great to me," Jennifer nodded, smiling to herself as she watched Lauren dress. She had never thought watching someone put on clothes could be so erotic but seeing the pretty lingerie be covered up by form fitting pencil skirts and tailored shirts and a blazer just made her body that much more appealing knowing what was underneath. "So. Your friends... what do they think is going on with us?" 

Lauren sat down at her dresser and met Jennifer's eyes in the mirror. "I told them the truth? That we're into each other?" 

"That I'm your girlfriend?" Jennifer asked, tilting her head to the side as she watched Lauren expertly make up her face.

"Well, no. That wouldn't be factual. You're always saying you don't want to be my girlfriend." Lauren laughed softly, smiling at her as she lined her lips with a crimson lip liner. 

Jennifer scooted to the edge of the bed and then came to stand behind Lauren, kissing the back of her neck gently. "I want to be your girlfriend. I just want you to be out." 

"I am out. Just not at work." Lauren pointed out, smiling at the kisses and paused getting ready for a moment. 

"If you came out at work I'd be your girlfriend. I could move in." Jennifer pointed out as her hands moved around her waist and up to cup her breasts through the tailored white shirt. "We could be together all the time." 

Lauren sighed out softly and nodded in agreement. "I - you know-"

"- don't start with that again because all I know is that you could come out but you're too scared to." Jennifer said with a frown and let her go, letting her hands drop to her sides as she frowned at her in the mirror. 

"Jen - please. You don't get it-" Lauren began, feeling her heart sink a little as the morning had been so lovely and now the old argument that hadn't raised its head for nearly four months was rearing its head again. 

"Because I'm just a PA?" Jennifer folded her arms across her chest with a sigh. 

"No -" Lauren paused, realising that at some point she was just going to have to say it or Jennifer would never get it. "Yes. Because you're a PA. I'm not trying to be a dick about this or diminish your work because you do an incredible job but... you walk into companies at PA level wherever you go? Maybe you work up to an EA. For me? I've been working on this since I left uni and I'm still only just reaching the door of where I want to be. If everyone turns on you and thinks you're unprofessional? You just go somewhere else or even back to California? Me? I'm here. The financial world in London is very small and incestuous so if I - if people care? It will follow me everywhere and everything I've worked so hard for, all the long hours and the-"

Jennifer cut her off before she could continue, her usually large blue eyes narrowed to slits as her lips were drawn into a line. "So what you're saying is, my job is easy and anyone could do it so it doesn't matter if I lose my job but yours is really important so you can't?"

"That.." Lauren turned around so they were facing each other, tipping her head up to look at her from her seated position. "Please. Jen - you know that's not what I'm saying. You know I don't think like that I just want this so badly and-"

"-more than you want me?" Jennifer snapped, tilting her head to the side. She had really thought that being welcomed into her circle of friends was going to be the big change for them but now she realised it really was always about her career for Lauren.  

Lauren clenched her eyes shut and she sighed out, shaking her head before reaching out to try and take hold of Jennifer's hips. "No - they're not even in the same lanes. I can want things to the same intensity but they're different things. Jen please don't think you mean less than my job I just don't get why this is such a-"

"-it's a big deal to me because jobs come and go but people don't." Jennifer said with a frown, pushing Lauren's hands away when they got close. "So I'm good enough to fuck you but you can't tell someone you like me?" 

"Like you? Jen - I love you." Lauren said without thinking, her heart racing at the idea that she might lose Jennifer for real this time and she couldn't stand the thought of that happening. "I just need to achieve this for myself you know? You've met my family, my friends. Why does it even-" Lauren trailed off herself this time as she watched Jennifer turnaround and start pulling her clothes on. "Jen? Please?" Lauren asked softly, her eyes wide as she got up and tried to stop her only to be roughly pushed away. 

"I should have listened to everyone in the office when I arrived. They all say you're a cold hearted robotic bitch." Jennifer muttered but loudly enough for Lauren to hear. 

Lauren stopped in her tracks at those words, her eyebrows furrowing as she wondered how they could have gotten from where they were just half an hour ago to now. "...they say what?" she said softly but she just shook her head. "Jennifer, I don't care about them I care about you. What do you think?" 

Jennifer pulled her jumper over her head and turned to stare at her, feeling offended that even after all this time that Lauren would still choose her job, that Jennifer wasn't worth the risk. "I think you're a cold, robotic bitch." Grabbing her bag she flipped Lauren off before stalking out of her flat, flicking every switch on her way out just to annoy Lauren and slamming the door on her way out. 

Standing in the middle of her bedroom Lauren paused for a moment having absolutely no idea what the hell had just happened. Her second 'warning' alarm telling her she had fifteen minutes to leave the house went off and she sighed, debating running after Jennifer but in the mood that she was in she knew it was futile. Her stomach churned as she sat back down to do her makeup, unable to ignore the way her eyes kept filling up. Staring at herself in the mirror for a moment she sighed and rolled her eyes before packing her bag and heading into work. When she arrived Jennifer was nowhere to be seen and all day she didn't so much as catch a glimpse of her and it just made her feel more sick. 

"Hey Lauren, I didn't get your rsvp to the Christmas party?" A team admin said, poking her head around the door of Lauren's office making her jump in her seat. "Sorry poppet, didn't mean to scare you. Are we going to see you at the party? Trying to pin down final numbers." 

Lauren would have normally said no to this kind of thing, knowing that when people wanted to let off some steam at the Christmas party the last thing they wanted was senior management there. Usually she came to the lunch and then left so everyone else could have their fun without feeling like they were being supervised. "I would love to come. Thank you for organising."

"No problem," the admin said with a smile. "I'll add it to your calendar."

"No. Please don't. I'll add it myself," Lauren murmured, getting an idea and smiling to herself. "Thanks again." 

------

Over the next two weeks Jennifer more or less completely ignored her. Of course for work they had to interact and in those scenarios she would be crisply polite and nothing more. Whenever Lauren would try and speak to her Jennifer would completely ignore it as if she didn't hear her and would be quick to walk away. Lauren sent her flowers, cakes, letters explaining and apologising but none of it seemed to make a difference. Jennifer had seemingly cut her out and had no intention of letting her back in. 

The morning of the Christmas party arrived and Lauren felt sick to her stomach as she sat on the small navy cocktail chair that was outside of her bosses office. Biting into the inside of her cheek she watched people walking past and gave them a brief smile but kept her eyes on her mobile, trying to keep focused on something so she wouldn't let nerves get the better of her. People had come to work in 'smart casual' clothes ready for the lunch and party that afternoon but Lauren had come in her usual attire, planning to change closer to the time. It was one thing to book this kind of meeting, it was another thing entirely to have this meeting dressed in jeans. Lauren had always taken a lot of comfort from her 'uniform' power clothes and she needed this more than ever today. 

------

Throughout lunch Lauren had tried to get Jennifer's attention but it seemed the California blonde was having too much fun knocking back champagne and telling Christmas cracker jokes with the other 'support staff' to give her a second thought. Lauren tried not to feel too glum, telling herself that things were going to change and she just had to be patient but seeing Jennifer sitting so close to Violet, the new receptionist was driving her crazy. Lauren knew she was being ridiculous but Violet was so thin that she could be a model, not an inch of body fat on her and the sharpest cheek bones that Lauren had ever seen. Her attention was pulled from the pair when dinner was served and so she focused on making conversation with the people around her though with every party popper that sent streamers into the air and every burst of raucous laughter she couldn't help but glance over again. 

The champagne and wine seemed limitless, each time that Lauren took a sip from her glass it seemed invisible ninjas slipped in to top it back up. When she finally stood so they could head to the club Lauren felt a little unsteady on her feet, her head swimming as she hadn't realised just how much she had drunk till she stood. One of the guys from her team looped his arm through hers and smiled.

"I'll get you to the cab - to the club!" he said with a bright smile.

Lauren smiled to and let him lead the way, glancing back to see what Jennifer was doing but she was already gone. 

------

Jennifer knew the cold treatment was harsh but also knew that sometimes that was what was needed in order to drive a point home. Hearing Lauren say she loved her was everything she wanted but when it was accompanied by a complete refusal to come out she couldn't enjoy it. How true could it be? Since she had left that morning Jennifer had been on dates with other women but hadn't found that spark that she'd felt with Lauren. 

At the Christmas party Jennifer had opted for a silver sequined mini-dress that had a high neckline but a hemline that only just covered her perfectly curved ass. Even though it was December in London it wasn't that cold and so she had opted to go without tights, able to pull it off with her permanently tanned legs. Dancing with Violet in the club she was drunk and having a good time now that they were away from Lauren. All through lunch she had felt her gaze, felt the pull and it had been hard to ignore. There was no way Lauren would come to the after party and so she felt free to relax and enjoy herself. Holding hands with Violet as they danced they moved to the beat of the music, surrounded by work colleagues and strangers, the lights illuminating their faces briefly one moment and then cast into darkness the next. 

"I am so drunk," Violet said pointedly, her muddled European accent only just able to be heard over the top of the music. Violet gave Jennifer's hand a gentle squeeze only to let her thumb slide up over the inside of her wrist. "Come outside to get some air?" 

Jennifer nodded and followed after her, their slim fingers still interlinked as they moved between the warm bodies of people, eventually finding their way outside. "It's gotten cooler," Jennifer murmured and shivered a little at the sudden change of temperature. 

Violet smiled and leaned back against wall of the club, sighing out softly as her white blonde hair that was neatly cut into a bob obscured her face when she tucked her chin to her chest. "It is much too hot in there. Too many people... I like it here. It's quiet," she murmured, tipping her head up just a little to look at Jennifer through thick black lashes. 

Meeting her dark brown eyes Jennifer nodded and gave her hand a gentle squeeze. "They definitely pack them in."

"Do you like my dress?" Violet asked with a little smile. 

Jennifer looked over her dress for the evening, a slinky loose fitting number that was completely backless that would have looked horrible on anyone who weighed over one hundred pounds but Violet didn't and it was hard not to admire her delicate bone structure and how petite she was all over. Jennifer wasn't stupid, she had made these eyes at people, knew the game Violet was playing as she had played it herself but she played dumb a little longer. "It's very beautiful. You always dress well," she murmured, her eyes lingering on her body for a moment before meeting her eyes once more, feeling herself starting to get wet at even the hint of an opportunity here. 
