 Nicole and I didn't know each other long before it happened. She started working in the office about a year ago, temping in the afternoon. I didn't really get to know her until the firm hired her full time over the summer. It turned out we hit it off pretty good from the start when she mentioned she was thinking of going walking around the lake at lunch, but hated the idea of going by herself. I told her I'd join her, since I could stand to lose about twenty pounds myself, and that was pretty much it. We took lunch together almost every day from that point. Like me she was in her mid thirties, married, liked the same movies, music, and all that stuff. I have a four year old, she has a girl, 8, and a boy, 3. We're both married, but she's separated right now. The one thing you notice about Nicole right away is her big tits. I mean, they're huge. I'm a 36c myself and I feel blessed, but Nicole is easily 38d. The first time she took off her coat when she was temping, my eyes damn near popped out of my head. Mine, and just about everyone else in the office – Dave included, and he's gay. She always wears tight sweaters – definitely not self-conscious about her body, unlike me. I hate being leered at.

So anyway, this one night, we were out together at the bar. It was supposed to be just for happy hour, but then, it never is "just for happy hour." We'd been drinking for a few hours, buzzed, but not drunk, and I forget what we'd been talking about, but she just suddenly said, "I gotta tell you, I'm so fucking horny this week."

"Oh yeah?"

"I got done with my period on Monday, and I don't know, lately it just makes me fucking horny."

"You should get laid then," I said. "What about that guy over there?" I pointed to this huge fat guy with a bad combover looking up at the ballgame on the TV over the bar.

"Whatever!" she said. "You couldn't pay me enough."

"I thought you were horny."

"Never that horny. Y'know, to tell you the truth, I'm off men right now. I get so sick of their bullshit."

"You need a dildo."

"Jesus, I've got one. Oh my God, it's like about a foot long or something. He's my little buddy."

"First thing you do when you get back is take him out and go to town," I said.

She took a huge gulp of beer and sat quiet for a minute. I didn't say anything. I was feeling a bit horny myself, since she'd brought the subject up. All I was thinking of was getting home and sliding down Joe's big pole. I looked at the clock. Nicole spoke again.

"You know, seriously, I'm at the point where I need somebody. A warm body. I use that goddam dildo about every other night, but it's not the same."

"Yeah, I know. I've used one before."

"But I don't want to get into a relationship right now, and I don't want to just pick some guy up at a bar."

"That's a tough one then." I smiled. "Maybe you need a cold shower." 

"Gee, thanks for being so understanding," she said, and I knew that I had killed the conversation. We finished our beers pretty quietly after that, and it was time to go. Turns out we live a few blocks away from each other, so we carpool, alternating between each others' cars. That night, I was driving. We walked out to the car, got in, buckled, and left the parking lot. 

"Hey," I said, "about what I said in the bar back there, I'm sorry. I was just trying to be funny."

Nicole laughed a little, "Nah, don't be. I'm sorry for feeling all sorry for myself. Here we are out for a few drinks, and all I can think of is sucking some guy's cock. Any guy's cock. Well, ok, not ANY guy's cock."

"Alright, let me ask you a question," I said.

"Sure." She turned on the seat to look at me.

"Do you swallow?" I asked. We both laughed.

"What d'you think?"

"I think you do. You look like a swallower."

"What the fuck does a swallower look like?"

"Like you," I said. We laughed again. It was good to hear her happy again. I felt bad for her in the bar, because I know that since she broke up with that guy from the office upstairs she's been lonely, even though she hasn't come right out and said it.

After that we just talked about tv, mainly Friends and 24. Oh my God, I'm so hot for Keifer I can't stand it. Ever since The Lost Boys.

I pulled into her complex and parked close to the front door. "See you in the morning," I said. "Are you driving, or am I?"

"My car needs to go into the shop in the morning. Can you follow me so I can drop it off?"

"No problem." I shifted into reverse while she unbuckled. "Have a good night."

"Oh shit, that DVD you lent me. I'm done with it if you want to come up and get it."

"You can bring it tomorrow if you like."

"It's right upstairs. I'll go get it right now, or I'll forget it tomorrow." She opened her door. "Want to come up or wait here?"

The parking lot was pretty dark where I'd parked, so I thought, Better safe than sorry, and said, "I'll come up with you."

A few minutes later we were in her apartment. She went into the living room and began turning the place over looking for the movie. "Aha," she said, holding it up. "Got it."

"Thanks. Right then," I said. "See you in the morning."

"Okay." 

She walked me to the door, but just as I reached for the handle, she sighed, and said, "Look. I really want to tell you something, and I'm drunk, so why not? I'll probably hate myself in the morning –"

"Don't be silly. What is it?"

"You think I'm attractive, right? I mean, I'm not a bad looking chick?"

"Nah, you're, you know, you're cute."

"And we're buddies, right?" I nodded. "So no matter what I tell you, you'll just laugh it off and realizing I'm just being a dummy?"

I nodded again. "What are friends for?" I asked. "What's on your mind?"

She gulped, closed her eyes, and took a deep breath. Finally, she said, "Okay, I'll just come out and say it: the first time I saw you, I thought you were pretty hot, so would you ever want to have really nasty lesbian sex with me some time?"

"What?" I said. "You're kidding, right?" I felt as if there was probably a camera somewhere, or that she had some friends hiding around the corner just waiting to jump out and laugh at me. "Tell me you're messing with me. Nicole?"

"I'm not messing with you. I'm attracted to you, what can I say?"

"This is fucked up. You're kidding, right?"

"I shouldn't have said anything," she said. "Look, I'm drunk and I'm acting stupid. Forget I said anything, okay."

"Are you gonna be okay?" I asked. 

"I'll be fine. I'll see you in the morning, okay?"

"Okay," I said, opened the door, and left, closed it behind me. As I walked out to the car, I began thinking. I had pretty much accepted that she was serious, and that she really did want to fuck me – she seemed way too embarrassed after telling me for it to be a joke – but I hadn't exactly been outraged by it. I can't say I've ever been attracted to another woman in my life – really, sexually attracted, I mean – but Nicole is pretty cute. I shook my head. No way! This was crazy. I got into the car and started out of the parking lot. She was drunk, I told myself. Drunk, horny, and lonely. Like a straight guy who turns into a prison fag, I guess. I got to the end of the street and slowed down at the stop sign. But she said she thought I was hot from the get-go, I remembered, so did that mean she was checking me out all this time? I thought about being in the same room as her, bending over to get files. I wondered if she ever looked down my shirt when I wasn't looking. Crazy! But then I remembered the times when I'd looked at her, thinking she was cute and had a nice body. I found myself turning the car around and heading back to Nicole's complex. She was probably going nuts with embarrassment.

I parked in the same spot and went in the building, upstairs to her apartment. My heart was thudding as I knocked the door.

"Hey!" she said.

"Look, I just wanted to tell you –"

"No, it's okay. I'm really sorry. It was just that the booze, and –"

"It's cool," I told her. "Really. Actually, I came back to tell you that I'm sorry for overreacting."

"I'm the one who should be sorry. I feel so stupid."

I closed the door behind me and followed her into the living room, all the time thinking, What the Hell am I doing here? Was I trying to make something happen? I didn't have any idea.

"I was going to make some coffee," Nicole said. "D'you want some?"

"Sure. Let me call Joe and tell him where I am."

I watched her disappear into the kitchen as I picked up the phone and dialled. Joe picked up. "Hey, it's me," I said.

"Whatcha up to?" I could hear the ballgame on in the background, and the voices of Pete and Dan, his buddies.

"I'm over at Nicole's. We might watch a movie or something since you guys are watching the ballgame."

"No problem, Sweetie. See you later."

"Bye babe," I told him, and hung up, thinking, Did I just set up an alibi for myself? My head was spinning. Did I really go back there because I wanted to fuck my best friend? I knew I could just leave, just say goodbye and take off for home, and in a couple of weeks, whatever had been said would be another memory that we could laugh at. Or, I could stay and see what was going to happen. I sat down and picked up the remote, flicked through the channels without seeing what was on. Nicole came in with two cups. I knew what was in them: black, two sugars for her, white, not sugar for me. "Thanks," I said. I sat back, cradling it in my hands and blowing the steam away.

"Did you tell Joe you wanted to watch a movie over here?"

"He's watching the ballgame with some buddies. I don't really feel like going back there right now."

"I feel like I ruined your night," she said, glumly.

I put down the cup. Get to the point, I told myself. "Look, what did you think was going to happen? I mean, that's not something you just tell your friend every day and just expect them to forget."

"I don't know. I guess I was hoping you felt the same way about me that I do about you."

"And what's that?"

"God, this is too embarrassing."

"It's okay," I told her. "Just tell me. Od, you've already told me you want to have sex with me, you might as well tell me why."

She put her cup down too and paused for a second. "Because you're kind, and you're caring. I haven't been with anyone like that for a long time. Sometimes, when I'm in bed, I think about you being next to me, touching my body, kissing me. Holding me gently. I've missed that part of a relationship. Are you disgusted or anything?"

"If I was, I wouldn't be here," I told her. "I'll be honest, okay? I don't really know why I came back. I don't know if it was to tell you that you shouldn't be embarrassed, and that we're still friends, or –"

"Or what?"

"Or if I'd come back here and you'd hit on me."

"What would you do if I did?"

"I don't know yet."

Nicole came and sat close by me. I felt frozen as she put her hand on my thigh. "I've never been with another woman before, just so you know. You're the first woman I've ever felt this way about." 

I didn't move her hand away. I could barely feel it. God, I was suddenly so nervous. I almost got up and ran for the door, but I didn't. We just sat there for a few minutes, not talking. It was getting pretty uncomfortable, with no-one making any sort of move. Eventually, Nicole stood up and pulled her blouse out of the waistband of her pants, and started unbuttoning it. "If you're going to leave, you better do it now," she said. "While I still have my shirt on." I just sat watching her remove her blouse, and there were her breasts, big and full, squeezed into her bra. They bulged out from the cups. She sat by me again. "Good," she said. "I'm glad you stayed."

"You know," I said, "Sex changes everything. What's it going to be like at work from now on?"

"I don't know. It might be okay … as long as you're doing what you want to do." She leaned forward and put her hand on my chest, cupped my left breast. I felt ripples of pleasure go through me and arched my back, pushing myself up to give her more of a handful. I looked down at her tits; they were pressed together the way she was sitting, and her cleavage was spectacular. I sat up, and turned to face her, and took her breasts in my hands as she reached around to unhook her bra. "That feels good," she said, as I slowly began massaging them. She took the straps off her shoulders, so that it was just my hands that were holding her bra up. I let it drop in her lap and then, suddenly, I had her naked breasts in my hands, pushing them together, squeezing them, lifting them, feeling their weight. Her nipples were big and round, erect. I rubbed my thumbs over them, gently, making them harder. I loved how they felt to me. "Suck my tits," she whispered to me. I smiled at her and said, "Okay" silently. I lowered my head to her left breast, lifting it up to my mouth, and licked her nipple. Nicole moaned and her hand went on my back. I put her whole nipple in my mouth and sucked on it, first soft, but then harder and harder. I couldn't hold back any more; I didn't want to. I wanted to be naked with her, to lie with her, my mouth sucking on her big tits, and hers on mine.

After a few minutes, I sat up and let her lift my sweater up over my head while I unhooked my own bra and tossed it on the floor. She took my breasts in her hands and I leaned back into the couch while she returned what I'd given her. I watched her play with them gently, pressing my tits against the sides of her face. She sucked my tits for a few minutes, looking up at me, making me watch what she was doing to me. It felt great. I liked the way she sucked and licked my nipples, but I especially liked the way she looked at me when she did. It seemed even sexier that way.

"You have nice tits," Nicole said. "I always wondered what they'd look like."

"You have great tits, too. God, when you took your shirt off, it looked so hot."

"Are you okay with this?"

"I am now."

When she put her lips on mine, I didn't resist. I opened my mouth up to her and felt her tongue slip in. I let it in deeper and deeper as she pressed her body into mine, our naked breasts pressing against each other. I was so turned on by the feel of her tits on mine. I reached down and held hers against me as we made out like crazy. After a few minutes, she stood up and undid her pants, kicked them off and stood there in her white Hanes Her Ways. "Do you want to take my panties off?" she asked me. 


"Sure," I said. I got down on my knees in front of her, and pulled her panties off, down past her hairy bush, and tossed them aside when she stepped out of them. "You have a nice pussy," I said. I wasn't just saying that: it was nice. It was trimmed, but not too much. When I ran my fingers through her bush, it was still thick. I kissed her tummy, down below her belly button, then pressed little kisses all the way down to her bush, where I rubbed my face across her hair. I looked up at Nicole, who was playing with her tits, squeezing them together and pinching her nipples. That was so sexy. I kept my eyes on her as I went further down to her pussy lips. When I kissed them they were damp. I felt the heat coming from her. It was driving me wild. Nicole opened her legs and I just had to look down at her pussy then. Her clit was swollen with desire, open, like a little pink flower. I licked it a little, and Nicole moaned in pleasure, forced her hips up a little toward my face. I licked harder, flicking my tongue all over her clit – around it, inside it. She tasted great, and boy, was she wet. 

"That feel good?" I asked her. She looked down at me with her big, sexy eyes and nodded. She didn't want me to stop. So I didn't. I spread her legs further apart and buried my face in her wet, hairy pussy, licking her, sucking her clit into my mouth, sticking my tongue inside her. After a few minutes of that, she pulled her legs back and said to me, "Lick my ass."

At first I wasn't sure about that – I've never went near Joe's butthole before, but Nicole's was hot. It wasn't all hairy, like Joe's asshole. I figured, What the hell, and flicked my tongue across her tight little puckered hole. Nicole went wild. This was really turning her on! I wanted to please her in the worst way, so I kept licking and licking until the only thing left to do was tongue-fuck her ass. I made my tongue stiff and poked it in her ass. It went in as far as I could push it, then I drew it out slowly before ramming her again and again. By this time she was rubbing her own clit. I watched her rub faster and faster. I wanted her to cum while I was eating her ass. I fucked her faster, and pushed my tongue deeper and deeper until finally, her whole body quivered and she came pretty hard. "Wow," she said.

"Man, that sounded pretty good," I said.

She got up off the couch and we knelt on the floor kissing. I made sure I french kissed her deep so she could taste how naughty I'd been. "Your turn," Nicole said. I couldn't wait to get naked and lie back on the couch, so the rest of my clothes were off in a flash. I lay back with my legs wide open and Nicole sat between them, taking my tits in her hands and rubbing her face over them, sucking them again before moving down to my pussy. I like to trim my pussy close, so I could see almost all of her face as she started eating me out. It felt incredible, and I was turned on even more knowing it was this incredibly sexy woman who was doing it to me. I took my big tits in my hands and played with them, feeling their weight as I looked down into her eyes. She stopped licking me for a second and said, "I want to tell you something, but I don't want you to be mad at me," she said. I told her not to be silly. "Okay … I think about fucking Joe sometimes. Are you pissed off?"

"No," I said. I thought it was a pretty hot thought. "What do you think about?"

She licked my cunt a couple of times before saying, "I think about meeting him somewhere, like in a hotel or something, and he takes off my shirt and starts sucking my tits." I thought that Joe would love Nicole's beautiful big tits – I'm sure he's looked at her before, because you can't miss her. "Like if you were at home or something, and you didn't know he was with me. I'd unzip his pants and take his cock out and get down on my knees in front of him and start licking the head. Putting it in my mouth until his cock got rock hard. Then I'd open my mouth wider and take all of his cock in my mouth. I'd look up at him as his cock filled my mouth all the way to the back of my throat."

"That would be really hot to watch," I said. "I bet you can really suck cock." I imagined watching Joe standing there with his fully hard cock sliding in and out of Nicole's mouth as she sucked on it. My pussy tingled thinking about that.

"I love to suck big cocks. I bet Joe's got a big cock."

"He has a huge cock," I told her. "You'd really like it."

"I bet I would. I'd suck his big cock for ages, and he'd be looking down at me doing it. I bet that would make his cock hard as a rock." I nodded, and Nicole started licking my pussy harder and faster. I felt as if I was going to cum any second. I opened my legs wider and Nicole's tongue fucked my wet cunt harder and harder as I reached down to rub my clit. "Cum on my face," Nicole said.

"Yeah," I hissed at her. "I'll cum all over your face. Lick my pussy." She was driving me nuts. I rubbed my clit thinking of Nicole sucking hard on Joe's big cock, of her looking up at him with her sexy eyes while she rode his pole with her mouth. It was turning me on so much I couldn't hold it back any longer. I felt it start in my toes, then it went up the inside of my thighs to my clit. "Jesus!" I cried out. I could feel my cum just oozing out of me, all over Nicole's face. She licked me slower, bringing me down, and when it was done, I lay back and she climbed on top of me and we kissed deeply. The taste of my cunt was on her face. I licked it off and our bodies pressed against each other. 
