 Damn, but the fall semester had flown by, Sami thought as she walked to her class in the first weeks of the spring semester.

That fall semester had started with a few surprises for Sami-girl. Well, of course, there was the finally-got-into-her-panties thing with Bonnie-baby; but that wasn't the biggest surprise, believe it or not.

________________________________

First of all, Toni's girlfriend from back home, enrolled as a freshman; she and Toni finagled a way to room together. That was very cool actually, thought Sami, but the downside was that she and T would not be doing each other as much; not as much, but they still remained roommates on road trips, and their friendship still remained strong. For them, that was more important than the sex, but they still had the sex when traveling with the team, make no mistake.

And then, the mystery of Billie; Billie had not returned to school that fall, and when Sami tried to reach her on her cell phone, and then, later, at her home phone, Sami found both numbers disconnected. That caused Sami concern and she was at a dead end to pursue it further, but still, she remained concerned.

She and Melissa had run together for only two weeks, but, because of her student teaching responsibilities, Melissa had to cut back to only weekend running with Sami. 

Bonnie, dear sweet, sit-on-my-face, Bonnie; she'd definitely become a pussy-lover, more so than Sami thought herself to be. Bonnie's night of discovery at the end of the summer semester had unleashed a side of Bonnie that she didn't realize was inside of her.

Simply said, Bonnie was ready to get naked and fuck Sami at the drop of a hat, or the drop of a bra. Those first two weeks after that night? Bonnie amused herself on a nightly basis by kneeling between Sami's legs and devouring Sami's pussy. The girl couldn't get enough of Sami-girl's pussy.

But, Sami wasn't complaining, mind you.

Sami was doing well with both school and athletics, and all in all, she had little to complain about, Sami thought, as she reached her building for her class, nothing at all. 

No, the biggest surprise for Sami during that fall semester had been the affair she started with a married woman.

_____________________________

When Melissa had to quit running on a daily basis, Sami changed her running time so that she would begin running an hour earlier, hitting the running paths around six or so.

She had noticed a woman running daily, at the same time and they usually ran 'near' each other, both keeping a similar pace; on the third morning, the woman slowed down, near the end of the run, to let Sami catch her. And when Sami pulled alongside, the woman picked up her pace to stay along side of Sami.

They ran for about another mile, pacing each other, but not saying anything, keeping their wind for the running. At the end of that run, as they walked around, cooling off, the woman introduced herself to Sami.

Jena was a graduate assistant at the University, both she and her husband, Jeff; they both taught freshman courses at school, she, in Microbiology and he, in Applied Physics.

Brief bios of each followed as they grabbed a cup of coffee, at the kiosk, on the square. Since they both liked to run in the cooler air of the early morning hours, they agreed to run together, safety in numbers and all that.

Jena was an attractive woman in her mid-twenties, a few inches shorter than Sami and toned, with a slender, runner's body; not skinny or emaciated, just 'toned'. She and Sami ran well together, both of them pushing each other; though the competition was a non-verbal one, it was there, nevertheless.

Twice a week, Sami didn't have classes until 10, and on those same days, Jena's teaching load was afternoon labs. The rest of the week, Jena taught in the morning and attended classes of her own, in the afternoon.

Jena and Jeff rented an apartment near the college, and twice a week, Sami would have coffee with Jena, at her apartment. Over the course of a month or so, they had become closer, almost at the stage of being 'friends'. And one morning, when Sami rose to leave, to return to her dorm, Jena hugged Sami in goodbye, and kissed her on the lips; a little peck, no tongue, but with a hint of something more, ya' know?

"Now, that was a good run," Jena said to Sami between gulps from her water bottle, and trying to get a lungful of air.

"Yeah, it was, but it damned near sucked all of the oxygen from my lungs trying to breathe in this fog," Sami replied, between gasps for air.

The high humidity of New Orleans makes running a bit of a challenge to begin with; add a warm, foggy morning to the mix and well, it's a bitch.

"Coming over for coffee?" Jena asked as she walked in circles to cool down; both of them soaked through and through from the run, from the moist air that soaked their tees.

"Sure, you buying?" Sami joked, and turning, she walked along with Jena for the short, two block trek.

"Somebody's awake," Jena said with a chuckle, and using her finger, she pushed against Sami's nipple which was hard and poking against the soaked tee shirt.

"Yeah, I'm not surprised," Sami said with a smile, "doesn't take much for those bad boys to wake up; you should see when I walk into a cold, air conditioned room."

"Hmmm, I must remember that when air conditioner season comes around again," Jena teased.

Sami laughed along with her.

"So here's the thing, Sami, I'm curious about you, really curious," Jena said as she poured the coffee into their cups. They were sitting at the table, in Jena's kitchen.

"Curious about what?" Sami asked, a bit curious herself, now.

"Well, we've been running together for almost two months now, and we've been having coffee twice a week for a month and I still don't know a hell of a lot about you, girl," Jena offered, "I mean there's no talk of boyfriends or dating or much of anything about you; why is that?"

"I've really never been one to talk about myself very much, and I tend to keep my private business, private," Sami replied, adding, "no offense, Jena."

"Oh no, I respect that, I really do, since I'm pretty much the same way."

There was a bit of awkward silence before Jena spoke again.

"So, Sami, is there?" 

"Is there what?"

"A boyfriend, a husband, a stalker, I don't know, something, girl, ya' gotta give me something," Jena laughingly begged.

"Okay, I'll give you something," Sami said, "there's none of the aforementioned; there, satisfied?"

More awkward silence.

"I can't believe a doll-baby like you doesn't have a dozen guys sniffing at her twat like a pack of puppies," Jena said with a shake of her head.

"I get asked out, a lot, but that's not my focus Jena, not at all," Sami replied but not giving anything up. Looking at her watch, Sami stood to leave so that she could clean up before class.

"See you tomorrow morning, as usual?" Jena asked as she walked Sami to the door with an arm around Sami's waist, not sexually, but friendly, buddy-like.

"Unless it's pouring, I'll be there," Sami confirmed.

Reaching on tip-toes, Jena gave Sami a little peck on her cheek, European style, following that with a quick buss to the lips. It had become a ritual for the past month or so and Sami didn't mind, in fact.

"Sami? I'll share something with you about me, if you'd like," Jena said when she opened the door for Sami, standing aside, a bit behind it with her hand on the door's edge.

Sami stopped and turned around to face Jena who was a bit behind the door, saying, "Sure, if you'd like."

"I'm bisexual," and with that hanging in the air, Jena closed her door.

"Huh," Sami said to herself, but aloud, "that's putting it out there."

Turning and jogging down the porch steps, Sami jogged back to campus.

They ran again the next morning; nothing being said by either about Jena's parting remark to Sami, yesterday. And the day after that, all was seemingly normal throughout their run.

Cooling down, Jena said they'd have to skip coffee this morning because she had to take Jeff to the airport; he was flying to DC for an interview with the head of Georgetown University's PhD candidate program. 

Jeff must be a real wunderkind, Sami thought, because Jena mentioned that Georgetown had come to him, not vice-versa.

"You working tonight? Asked Jena as they both walked in their tight, cooling- down circles.

"Nope, I don't usually work on Tuesdays," Sami responded.

"Got any plans?" Jena queried.

"No, not any that I've made," joked Sami.

"Wanna' grab a Po-Boy at Mother's and hang out back at my place, afterwards?"

Sami slowly nodded her head as if she were evaluating something, then asked, "Are you okay riding 'bitch' on the back of my scooter?"

"Ooooh, are we going to role-play the 'biker bitch' thing tonight," Jena joked, laughing as she said it, "Pick me up at six; I'd love to ride 'bitch' on your scooter," she added and giving Sami a quick peck on the lips, Jena walked towards her apartment.

The Po-Boys were to die for; but, at Mother's, that was the norm. 

Jumping back on the Honda to return to Jena's, Sami said, as a reminder, "Hold on," and popping the clutch, she jack-rabbited into traffic.

Jena had her hands on Sami's hips, holding on, when she suddenly slipped them under Sami's tee shirt just as they were passing a taxi. Cupping Sami's breasts with both hands, she said, loudly, so that Sami could hear her above the scooter's engine whine, "These make much better safety handles," laughing afterwards.

"Knock yourself out, just don't fall off," Sami laughingly replied, but kinda' liking the brazen, 'don't-give-a-crap', attitude of Jena.

"Damn, riding on that scooter is fun," Jean proclaimed when they entered her apartment, both taking off their helmets and shaking their hair into place, afterwards.

"Wine? A little Diana Krall on the speakers?" Jena asked with her eyebrows arched in a questioning manner. 

"Yes to both questions," Sami replied, sitting on the couch afterwards.

Jena played with a remote and soon Krall's sultry voice was in the air, and Jena joined Sami on the couch with two glasses of a nice Chardonnay. They air-toasted each other, and took healthy sips from their glasses.

They passed the time pleasantly, talking of academia and all, discussing the woes of the world but offering no solutions; and then they opened a second bottle, both thinking it a grand idea, and both just a wee-bit tipsy.

They were facing each other on the couch, each with an arm resting on the couch-back. Jena will tell you that Sami started it, but Sami would argue that, vehemently. 

In truth, it was Jena who casually placed her hand on Sami's arm, absent-mindedly stroking her fingers across Sami's bare arm. They grew silent, the only sounds coming from the sound system, and just as casually, Sami returned the finger-strokes to Jena's arm.

Neither said a word while they stroked each other, but they did look at each other, both of their eyes searching the other's face, when Jena asked Sami a question.

"May I kiss you? I'd really like to kiss you right now."

"I'd really like for you to do that," Sami said invitingly.

With that said, Jena moved to her knees on the couch and scooted closer to Sami; taking Sami's face in her hands, she kissed Sami's full lips with tenderness, her lips wet and warm over Sami's. Opening her mouth in invitation, Sami returned Jena's kisses, both of them getting hotter and hornier as they kissed each other.

Sami slid her hands under Jena's tee, her hands confirming what Sami had suspected; Jena's breasts were smaller than Sami's and their smallness in Sami's hands made her incredibly lustful.

Lifting Jena's shirt, Sami put her mouth to Jena's small, girl-like tits, sucking them entirely into her mouth, in turn, fueling her carnal desires even more. Jena rubbed her hands through Sami's hair, cooing and moaning her contentment, pushing hard against Sami's mouth with her breasts, as if trying to gag Sami with them.

"Come to bed with me?" Jena questioned when Sami took a break from sucking titties.

"Try to stop me," Sami answered.

Jena had the smallest breasts of any female that Sami had been with, and as much as Sami loved larger breasts, she couldn't keep her mouth or hands from Jena's. Lying on top of Jena in her marriage bed, both naked as newborns, Sami was biting on Jena's rather large nipples, sucking them as if a small cock.

Moving down Jena's body with kisses and licks, Sami soon had her face buried in Jena's shaved pussy and Jena's legs around her shoulders; but her hands, her hands stayed on Jena's tits, caressing and squeezing them with passion and lust.

"Just like that, baby, oh yeah, just....like.....oh Damn! Damn...don't stop, not now, don't stop," Jena cried aloud, her breathing coming in short gasps.

Her orgasm lasted for an hour, it seemed to Jena, taking a wonderfully, long time to finally depart her body. She wasted no time in crawling between Sami's long legs and she gave Sami the ride of her life, bringing Sami-girl to three mind-blowing orgasms in a relatively short time.

Lying together afterwards, neither spoke but both stroked. 

Softly and sensually, they stroked their fingers across the other's body, touching breasts, nipples, ass-cheeks, ass-cracks; it didn't matter, they wanted to know the other's body completely.

Jena finally broke the silence, as she fed her fingers to Sami to suck, her fingers having just come from her own pussy.

"You certainly know how to treat your 'bitch', Sami, you surely do; I've been with some awfully good lovers, baby, but nobody can hold a candle to you, girl."

Taking Jena's fingers from her mouth, Sami joked, "We aim to please, ma'am, we surely do."

"I wouldn't mind it at all if we got together like this when the opportunity presents itself; interested?" Jena asked.

"I could be persuaded," Sami answered, truthfully, then adding, "What about your husband? He okay with that?"

"He doesn't know that I like to play with girls; hasn't a clue," Jena answered truthfully, "You okay with that?"

Strangely, she thought, Sami was okay with that.

"I'm not married to him, you are, so yeah, I'm okay with that," Sami replied.

"One more for the road?" Jena asked as she knelt over Sami's head, lowering her pussy to Sami's mouth.

"Works for me," Sami answered, reaching for Jena's naked pussy with her tongue.

Driving back to campus from Jena's apartment, the cool night air did little to cool Sami's pussy.

Opening the door to their room, Sami quietly got her shower stuff together and exited silently so's not to wake a sleeping Bonnie.

Returning, after her shower to their room, Sami stood over Bonnie's bed looking down on her; Bonnie had gotten into a habit of sleeping in just her panties, with no top, and as Sami gazed at Bonnie, the blanket was around her waist, exposing her full C-cup breasts.

What's a girl to do, right?

Sami slipped into bed and under the blanket with Bonnie, after having taken off her own panties; Bonnie stirred in bed, but didn't wake up.

What awakened Bonnie were Sami's lips on her exposed nipples as Sami slipped two fingers into Bonnie's pussy, having pushed Bonnie's panties aside.

Yes, indeed, that did awaken Bonnie Sue that night, much to their mutual satisfaction.