 They were silk and already wet on the corners. Her legs were wide open when Elizabeth called from the front door, announcing she was home. 

"Purr," Megan said. She'd been waiting for the last 20 minutes, just thinking about the sex they were about to have. She had obeyed her request and was now waiting for the beginning of their Christmas evening. 

"Are you wearing them?" Elizabeth asked as she removed her work suit and three-inch heels. 

"Meow..." Megan moaned, tilting her head back in a seductive way. 

There was a rule; no words can be spoken. Megan was her Kitty, her pussy and nothing more. Elizabeth had her requests and Kitty was to follow them in order to get her pleasure. 

"Open your legs," Elizabeth said, crawling onto the bed next to her. Behind her were the straps to tie her Kitty to the bed posts. By tying her, there would be no protest about the pleasure she was about to be given. 

"Hands above your head," she ordered after tying her ankles to the bed posts. Then she took each wrist and kissed it before placing it into another tie and tying it above her head. 

"Wait for me," Elizabeth said. 

And she left her Kitty there to wait. 

She took a shower, watched some TV and even made a quick snack before coming back into the room. Kitty had fallen asleep by then but was still dripping wet. 

Instead of spanking her awake, she crawled between her legs and began to lick her exposed belly button. The deep hole was extremely sensitive and instantly woke Kitty from her slumber. 

"Purrr..." she moaned as she pulled her outstretched arms as much as the ties would allow. Her moans grew louder as she enjoying the feeling of Elizabeth's tongue on her most ticklish spot. 

Elizabeth's mouth traveled up to her nipples. Instead of sucking, she bit and bit hard. A loud purr escaped from Kitty's lips as tears began to pool in her eyes. 

"Kitty must not sleep while waiting for me," Elizabeth said between licks of her nipples. Soon the pain was gone and the pleasure returned.

Elizabeth removed her thong and placed her body on top of Kitty's face. 

"Savor my cum for Christmas," she said and Kitty began to purr and lick between Elizabeth's pussy lips, paying special attention to her clit. Her face and hair were soon covered in Elizabeth's wet juices.

"Make me cum, Kitty," Elizabeth said as she held onto her hands and rocked her pussy deeper over Kitty's tongue. Kitty continued to lick, quickening her pace and pushing her tongue nearly flat against her clit. 

"Oh yes...such a good Kitty," Elizabeth said as her orgasm hit her and she started to shake. A deep scream of enjoyment left her lips as her body relaxed and Kitty kissed and purred over her clit.

"Does Kitty want pleasure?" Elizabeth asked as she got up from the bed. 

"Meow," Kitty said nodding and licking her cum-covered lips. 

"I have a gift for Kitty," Elizabeth said, walking away to get something from her bag. She came back with a long seven-inch vibrator that was already buzzing. 

"Does Kitty want her gift?" 

"Meow," Kitty said, smiling wide and trying to push her hips closer. She was soaking wet and already beginning to cum. 

But it wasn't time for her to cum yet. 

Instead, it was time for her to wait. Elizabeth took her time with their new addition to the bed. She placed it on her mouth and made her Kitty suck on the toy like a large dick. She placed it on each nipple, causing them to become like bullets on her body. She rubbed it along her abs, moving it back and forth, outlining Kitty's well-earned tones waist. And she worked it on her belly button, between licks. 

There was a line of wetness on the bed under Kitty. 

"Is Kitty horny?" Elizabeth asked as she placed the toy on her inner thigh and moved it closer. 

"Meoooow," Kitty said. She was hungry for her orgasm. She could feel the want building with every inch of the toy getting closer. 

"Purr for me Kitty," Elizabeth ordered. 

"Purrr. Purrr.... Purr..." 

As she began to purr a fourth time, Elizabeth slipped the large toy inside of her, pushing as deep as possible. In an instant, the toy made her cum. 

But Elizabeth wasn't done yet. 

"I like it when Kitty cums for me," she whispered as she pulled the toy from her body and dug her tongue into her wet, widened hole. Kitty continued to cum, having orgasm after orgasm. It seemed there was no end in sight but it finally ended after about a half hour; a half hour of pure licking and fucking with the vibrating dick that Elizabeth bought for her. 

Kitty was weak and breathless as Elizabeth sat up and began to untie her from the bed. After she untied her she removed the soaking wet crotchless panties from her lover's body. 

"Merry Christmas, Megan," Elizabeth whispered as the two women cuddled, enjoying the peaceful winter night. 

Before long, Elizabeth's sweet Kitty had fallen asleep. Elizabeth stroked her lover's soft hair and whispered,"I love you." 

Although Kitty was in a deep slumber, a soft sound fell from her lips. Elizabeth listened closely and smiled. She was purring in her sleep.