 This is a continuation of "Cuddling with My Best Friend," which was originally base on a true story that inspired this series of stories.

*****

I kissed her slowly. I never wanted to leave that bed.

Gracie's lips tasted like fruit, but as I heard the other girls outside our door, I thought about how that fruit might be forbidden. I pulled away and looked into her eyes. Her glazed over, grey-blue eyes looked away from me as she quickly rose from the bed.

"We should get ready, I'm sure we're heading out soon," she said without looking at me.

A million thoughts raced through my mind. I had never felt so satisfied and confused at the same time. We got dressed and put on our makeup in silence, and after only a few minutes, Gracie was done and walked out the bedroom door. I stared at my reflection in the mirror, looking for answers to a hundred questions.

Outside, everyone was sitting around discussing plans for brunch and shopping. I tuned out and just nodded at everything everyone said as I fantasized about what was happening moments before. Soft, warm skin. Moaning. Caressing. Goosebumps.

I love breakfast food, but an outing with this bridal party after a night like that was going to make for a long day, and Gracie wasn't making eye contact with me.

The whole day, my mind was filled with everything I wanted to happen after dark. Kissing her neck. Sucking her clit. Her back arching high into the air. Hair pulling.

"Alex?" Someone demanded.

"Uh, yes," I answered.

Everyone burst out laughing. "Um, I asked you to pass the water pitcher," one of the girls said. "Are you okay?"

"Yes," I replied. "I'm just tired. I didn't sleep very well last night."

I looked up at Gracie, who was sitting next to me, and she turned a light pink. "Yeah, that mattress wasn't very comfortable," she said. "But I'm glad we weren't in the loft. The house is super hot."

"Yes, it is hot," I said.

Gracie suddenly and gently slid her hand across my knee for a moment, sending a wave of excitement through my body.

After an entirely too long afternoon of shopping, the bride-to-be announced that we would spend the evening bar hopping through another nearby touristy-town. Great, I thought. My entire being wanted to crawl back into bed with Gracie immediately.

At the first bar, we each took a lemon drop shot to kick off the evening. The sour lemon made Gracie's face contort in a way that made me slightly uncomfortable in my seat. I wanted to kiss her puckered mouth.

We made our way to the second bar after only a few minutes, and within an hour we were at the fourth bar. Unlike the last three, it had a huge dance floor full of people who were near our age, so we decided to stay a while. While the rest of the bridal party was distracted with getting men to dance with and on the bride, I used the opportunity to corner Gracie.

"Hey, are you okay? Are we okay?" I asked desperately.

"Yeah," she replied shortly.

"Because if you hate me I don't know what I'm going to do with myself," I said.

"We're fine, why wouldn't we be?" She asked.

Did I hallucinate the whole thing?

"Because of what happened last night," I whispered just barely above the music.

"I mean, yeah. Can we just not talk about this right now?"

My heart sank. She hates me, I thought.

"Let's drink more," she said.

After spending over an hour at this bar, we were all feeling the effects of the alcohol. I was following Gracie around like a lost puppy. I pestered her to dance with me and eventually she gave in.

We were lost in a sea of twenty-somethings, sweat, spilled drinks, and lust. I danced close to her, her back to me, and we brushed up against each other lightly. My hand reached for her right hip and gently pulled her closer to me. She slowly stopped trying to keep distance between us, our short dresses riding up our legs slightly as she carefully and lightly began grinding into me.

I wanted her, but I knew that in that moment, she would be angry if I touched her.

Around 2:30am, we found ourselves all back at the lake house crashing for the night. My head was cloudy and my heart was racing as I undressed, and Gracie walked in just as I peeled my strapless bra from my chest.

"Sorry," she muttered as she turned away.

"Stop, its fine. You've seen them before, remember?" I said sassily.

She shot me a look that screamed HUSH, but it slowly melted into a soft smile.

I woke up around 7am, forgetting some of the details about drifting off the night before. I could feel Gracie next to me on the bed, her chest covered in a smooth bra that pressed up against the skin on my back and an arm wrapped tightly around my waist, fingers tucked under my side. She had held me all night.

I snuggled against her, wiggling my ass into her, and I felt her stir behind me, pulling me tightly against her half-naked body and sighing lightly. I kept wiggling to get as close to her as I could, feeling her pull me close, forcefully squeezing my torso into hers. She moaned sleepily as I reached my arm awkwardly behind me, up and over the curve of her hip to tightly pull her into me.

After a few minutes, I knew we couldn't get as close as I wanted to in this position. I let go and flipped over on my side to face her, tucking my face into her neck and slowly breathing hot air across her chest. She reached around my hips and pulled me into her body as I began to softly kiss the tight skin on her neck and shoulder. Little sighs escaped her lips and she dug her hands into the skin on my lower back and the fabric around the curve of my ass, kneading her fingers into me. I climbed on top of her, this time straddling both of her legs and pushing all my weight down into her, grinding down as hard as I could. I let my chest fall to meet hers and she reached around to release my breasts, pulling my naked torso down into hers with urgency.

She was the one wiggling in anticipation now as I trapped her legs together under mine. I took pleasure in knowing that I had some control over her, but couldn't stand to have our panties keeping us from a full naked embrace.

After a few awkward moments of taking off the rest of our underwear, we were completely naked as she climbed on top of me, straddling one of my legs.

"Wait," I said, the first real word either of us had spoken. I put my hands on her hips to stop her.

She looked at me, waiting for something to happen, and I looked back at her, watching her big, pale-blue eyes, waiting for her to speak. We stared at each other for a few moments, frozen in time.

"What?" She asked, closing her eyes.

"I just need a second," I said. "I don't want to stop, I'm just a little confused."

She looked at me, her face filling with emotions. She started to move away, but I jerked her hips down towards my body. Her hands rested on my legs.

"Don't stop," I said, closing my eyes and leaning my head back.

She leaned down to kiss my lips lightly and I dug my fingers into her hips. She sat up and squirmed around for a moment, using my leg and my stomach to steady herself, feeling the warm, velvety friction between us. She slowly began circling and thrusting and sliding and soon she was moving around in just the right ways. I moved my hand up to squeeze one of her breasts and we were a chorus of quiet moans and sighs. I opened my eyes to watch her. The slight curve of the muscles in her arms, her supple lips, her smooth legs. Her head fell back, her pelvis thrusting into mine as she pleasured herself on top of me. Her thrust quickened and she sighed loudly to keep from moaning as she began to climax, pushing her body into mine.

She rested on top of me for a moment and I pulled her down onto the bed, my arms around her tightly and one of her legs tucked between mine. After several minutes, her breathing slowed down and we both dozed off.

I woke up to rays of sun peeking through the blinds. Gracie was resting her head on my chest, her hair perfectly falling around her shoulders and spilling over onto me. She was awake, and she was watching me. I touched her cheek with my palm and she smiled. She was my best friend, and she was perfect.