 My eyes darted across the big, bright screen. Houston, delayed. Detroit, delayed. Orlando, delayed.

Delayed, delayed, delayed.

"Ahhh, you've got to be kidding me!" Someone in the crowd shouted.

I anxiously ran a hand through my hair. It had been four long months since I had seen Gracie and I couldn't stand sitting around for another few hours, but every single flight was delayed because of the ice. I was stuck, twiddling my thumbs, waiting around for her just like I had been for the last four months.

"Alex, I have to go. My parents are waiting for me. I can't miss my flight," she said.

"I know," I said, pulling her tightly against me, our naked bodies still covered in sticky sweat.

She ran her soft hands over the curve of my spine and hugged me back. Our tight embrace became one last deep kiss on the bed. "That doesn't help," she said, smiling into my mouth.

"I love you," I said desperately as she slung her purse over her shoulder.

"I love you," she replied, closing the door to my apartment.

The people closed in on the screen that listed the delays like a swarm of bees. It felt like my throat was slowly closing. I scratched it. I ran a hand through my hair. I bit my thumb nail. I pulled my knees to my chest on an airport bench, thinking about what I would do for the rest of the night if her flight kept getting delayed. She wanted me to be there to pick her up, right?

"So you're eating mac and cheese for dinner...again?"

"Don't judge me like you never eat crap like this."

"You're right. I'm making it, but my unpaid internship doesn't exactly let me eat gourmet meals every night."

I sighed.

"Gracie, I miss you. When will you have free time over Christmas break to see me?"

"Hey, why don't you pick me up from the airport? It'll be the afternoon and there's no way my parents will be able to leave work and get to the airport."

"Yes! Absolutely. I can just leave the office a little early that day."

I glanced up at the screen that still read "Delayed" a thousand times. I rubbed my eyes.

-

"We apologize for the delays. The weather has cleared up and many flights will be landing within the hour," a woman on the intercom echoed throughout the airport.

I unlocked my phone. It was 7:43. Looking back at the screen, Gracie's estimated arrival time: 7:55.

My heart raced in my chest.

She dragged her hands slowly up from my ankles to the backs of my knees, spreading my legs gently, her hair falling all around her face in the most perfect way.

I rose from my seat on the bench and stood exactly where Gracie would come to retrieve her luggage.

Her tongue flicked gently across my inner thigh, my head rolling back onto the bed, my hands meeting her cheeks and tangling into her hair, pulling her into me.

My cheeks were burning as I stood at the gate exit, watching people pouring down the escalator and into the crowd.

She appeared among them, her soft face hidden slightly by her neatly curled hair. Her left hand rested lightly on the escalator rail and her other held the strap of her backpack. My heart pounded in my chest.

Suddenly, I was worried. How was I supposed to greet my best friend or girlfriend or whatever-the-heck she is? I wanted to kiss her. I wanted to hold her. Before I could process this problem, she was gliding across the floor towards me.

We both smiled. "Hello," she greeted me quietly and sweetly, staring at me with her grey-blue eyes and stopping two feet from me.

"Gracie," I said.

"Alex," she said, reaching for me.

I pulled her into a tight hug and my entire body became warm.

We picked up her luggage and rolled it to my car, loading up without saying anything else.

I climbed into the driver's seat and looked over at her. She reached for my face, cupping my cheek in her hand. I held her forearm there.

"Alex," she whispered. "I've missed you."

I leaned over the console to kiss her cheek once and then to kiss her soft lips for a moment. I pulled away, started the car and headed in the direction of her parents' house.

We talked about her semester, my job, and our boring social lives. Her school wasn't near any big cities, my job was simple data entry. When we pulled up to her house, I helped her get her things out of my trunk.

"Can I come over tomorrow? Maybe, spend the night?" She asked abruptly.

My face burned.

"Um, sure. I'll be off at 5," I offered nervously.

-

It was 5:15 when I marched up the stairs of my apartment complex, through the door, and into my living room. I had been watching the clock all day, much more than usual as I anticipated this evening. I sent Gracie a text that said "Home!"

I kicked my shoes off, set my bag down on the kitchen island and started straightening everything up. I sprayed room spray and made my bed. I looked down at myself considered changing out of my skirt and blouse.

I had no idea what Gracie wanted out of our relationship, let alone this evening.

I decided to keep my work clothes on. It seemed sexier.

The doorbell rang and I took a deep breath before turning the knob.

"Hi," she said as I swung the door open.

Her hair was pulled back out of her face in a ponytail. Her small frame was covered in a short, casual floral dress. She had a bottle of wine in one hand and a bag of takeout in the other.

"I'm prepared!" She exclaimed, holding her things in the air as she walked through the door.

"Oh, great!" I said.

We sat down at the table and ate our Chinese food. She told me more about her semester and her research. I opened the wine and poured two glasses, handing her one as we walked into the living room, sitting across from each other on the couch.

"I mean, it IS child development," she said. "Did you want to change? You still have your office clothes one."

"I'm fine, I'll take these off later," I said.

Did I just say that?

Gracie sipped her wine. "I really missed you, Alex. I know we didn't really talk about everything before I left..." she trailed off, taking my hand in hers, "I just know that I love you, deeply. Deeper than before that weekend at the lake house."

Here we go.

"I just don't know what this should look like. I don't know how to love you or if I even should."

My pulse quickened.

"I love you, and that is all I know."

"I love you," I said back, "All I know is that I don't know what to do with myself when you're gone. I can't focus on anything -- I always think about you."

I squeezed her hand. We finished our wine as we talked about our families.

"My parents love you," she said, "but they love you as my best friend. I don't know that they would understand if we became something more."

"Mine either," I said, taking her empty glass, and rising from the couch.

She stood and followed me into the kitchen. As I set the glasses on the counter, I felt a hand come to rest on the middle of my back. I turned towards her, her hand falling to the small of my back, her other hand reaching around to do the same. I rested my hands on her forearms as she moved closer to me, looking back and forth from my eyes to my lips. She smiled at me, then hugged me, her hot breath on my neck. I tilted my head to one side and she planted a few kisses on my neck.

"Oh, I've missed you," I half-whispered, reaching my arms up under hers and gripping her shoulders, pulling her into me.

She pulled away enough to kiss my lips twice, a deep warmth spreading over my body.

"It's getting late, can we go to bed?" Gracie asked, gently taking my hands in hers, her fingers dancing around my palms.

I smiled at her. "I suppose so."

We walked towards my room and she went to the bathroom. I peeled my clothes off and pulled on a tank top and leggings, sitting on the edge of my bed. When I looked up, she appeared in an oversized t-shirt, her hair still in a ponytail.

She climbed under the covers and pulled them up to her chin. I climbed in and reached for her, pulling her close. I wrapped my arms around her and she rested her head on my shoulder. We embraced like that for several minutes, breathing in the same air.

Gracie nuzzled her face into my neck, her warm breath dancing on my skin. I gently traced her arm with my fingers as we melted into each other's arms. Her hot breath became small kisses on my neck and collarbone, and I was starting to feel the sexual tension hanging thick in the air, in my belly, and in my clit.

She rested a hand on my chest, slowly working its way down as her kisses trailed my neck until it found one of my breasts. She massaged it, my nipples hardening through my tank top. Her soft kisses grew more intense, and soon she was biting and sucking the soft skin of my neck while massaging my breasts one at a time, balancing herself with her other arm.

I started to moan quietly as she worked on my neck and chest.

"Do you like this? Do you want more?" She whispered into my neck.

My pussy was starting to ache. "Yes," I quietly whispered, slightly spreading my legs as an invitation.

Gracie's hand traveled down my stomach to graze the fabric of my leggings, first at my bikini line and then on my thighs. She cupped my pussy through the fabric and rubbed her palm into me, one of my hands in her hair and one holding her shoulder.

Her biting into my neck was increasingly intense.

"Kiss me," I heard myself say.

Gracie pulled up and looked at me.

"How long have I known you?" I asked her, reaching a hand up to tuck her hair behind her ear and then resting it on her neck.

"Do you know how long I waited to kiss you before I finally got to? How long every part of my body ached to touch you and to love you?"

She didn't respond, but her blue-grey eyes lit up for a moment before she closed them and kissed my lips hard, her body falling on top of mine. We kissed hard like this for a while, exploring each other's bodies again with less hesitation as we had before, pulling each other close.

Gracie sat up, straddling my hips and running her fingers through my hair and all over my arms. "I love you," she said, "I want to make love to you."

I reached for her face and pulled her down into me for more kissing, running my hands up under her t-shirt and clawing at her back. She sat back up and pulled her shirt over her head, leaving her in only her pink cotton panties. She ran her hands up under my tank top, helping me pull it off.

My nipples were standing up on the bed, begging for attention. Her mouth moved down by body and sucked them, alternating between them as I moaned. Everything became a blur of kissing, sucking, biting, and hands moving all over, until I felt her pulling my leggings and my panties together down my thighs and over my knees. I felt her mouth on my thigh, my eyes closed tightly in anticipation. Her hands pulled my knees further apart gently and she licked up my inner thigh. Her mouth was on me.

"Ah, yes," I encouraged her, my hips flexing off the bed, her tongue dancing up, down, and around my wet pussy.

I felt her sucking my clit, her hand on my stomach, steadying herself as she fought my bucking and twitching.

"Oh, God," I whispered.

She sucked and licked for several minutes and then I was coming. It started in my thighs, and then suddenly, my entire body was shaking. I felt everything from my fingers to my toes flip inside out. I heard myself scream.

She was steadying my legs on the bed as I gasped for air, my body breaking a sweat. She was grinning, her eyes wildly excited. After a few moments, I sat up, pulling her into my lap to kiss gently. She must have kicked her panties off.

I kissed her lips, her cheeks, her eyes. I pulled her naked body into mine, my hands running up and down her bare back, ass, and thighs. Gracie pulled our tangled mess down onto the bed, pushing herself on top of me, grinding into me and kissing my neck and shoulder. I could feel her wetness on my thigh and she ground into me, rising her body to pleasure herself on my bare thigh, her hand on the bed. I shoved my thigh up into her, my hands touching her everywhere. Her juice dripped down my thigh.

She ground into me hard, but then adjusted her position to grind into my pussy. The erotic sensation of her velvet pussy sliding across mine started the build to my second orgasm.

She moaned loudly, her head rolling back as she thrusted quickly. She came hard, shaking on top of me as I started to orgasm again. I thrust back, gripping her hips tightly. When I came, I pulled her down into the bed with me, my arms around her. We were panting on the soft white sheets, our hearts beating loudly. She kissed my cheek and I fell asleep, her legs tangled in mine, my hands tangled in her hair.