 "I pulled her knee up and fucked myself on her thigh while I kissed her as if to devour her..."

I was sitting in bed with my back against the headboard...a carton of strawberry yogurt on the nightstand. I was dipping my spoon in the yogurt and licking it off the spoon. 

Since being created and bred, to Blue's specifications, ready to do anything she needs to sexually satisfy her whenever she desires, I have had yogurt many times and loved it! I was so happy they gave me a taste for it! 

My pretty baby slid across my lap...

"Sunny? Please rub my ass? You're so good at it...how did that happen?"

"They didn't make me good at rubbing your ass. They made me good at doing ANYTHING that makes you feel good, and to get very turned on and cum just from doing it."

Blue giggled...

"I know...that's what I wanted!"

I smiled at her...

"Thank-you for that! I love it! They did tell me you had a female cum fetish. I REALLY love that! So, what would you like to have done to you, tonight? Whatever baby wants, baby shall have...I can be as hot and slutty as you'd like, and cum all over you by doing so."

Blue excitedly raised her ass in the air under my hand...

"Oh! I want LOTS of Sunnycum on me! And I want to cum a lot, Sunny...a LOT...all over you!"

This was driving my pussy insane! I could feel it throbbing hard, sending little jolts throughout my body! I slid my hand to her swelling pussy...

"Would you like to watch me spread your cum all over my body, then fuck myself to death?"

Her body jumped...

"FUCK! Yes! You're so damn sexy!"

"Oh...just being me, baby."

That's when a spoonful of yogurt slipped off my spoon. Wouldn't ya know it...somewhere between Blue's ass cheeks.

"Uh oh..."

"Uh...Sunny? Was that...is that...yogurt on me?"

"Huh? Oh...well damn! There's my yogurt! Right between your ass cheeks! Don't worry! I got this!"

"Oh...you'd better make this worth it!"

I leaned over to the back of her neck, wetly kissed her there, sucking her skin, then slid my mouth to her ear and spoke softly...

"Right about now, can you feel that yogurt sliding down to your pussy? Don't I always take good care of you?"

Blue spread her legs real wide...

"Yes, yes yes! Sunny...fuck...eat me, baby...suck me...devour me!"

I smiled and slid down her back, trailing my hot, wet tongue down her spine. When I got to her ass, I buried my face between her cheeks and noisily licked her, my tongue sliding across her opening...

I think her body jumped completely off the mattress...

"SUNNEEEEEEEE! FUCK, BABY!"

I kept sliding my tongue all over between her cheeks, leaving most of the yogurt...I wanted as much of that as possible to ooze down over her pussy. Her large clit was already soaked with her juices...the second I started rubbing it, Blue came in a shaking mass of spasms through her body! I kept my tongue sliding up and down 

through her ass and riding her clit with my finger all the way through her delicious orgasm, catching all her cum in my hand!

Blue collapsed on my lap, whimpering...purring...breathing hard. 

Before she had a chance to calm down, I used 

my free hand to gently turn her over...I let her watch me spread her cum all over my tummy, then sucked all my fingers...

"Oh...Sunny...baby..."

"Spread your legs for your slutty bad girl, baby."

Blue inhaled quickly, and eagerly spread her legs for me...I purred and started licking and sucking yogurt from her pussy...she was already screaming, pulling handfuls of my hair...I could feel her outer lips swelling even more and getting hotter...

"Make me cum again, Sunny!"

Did I ever! I licked her sensitive clit hard and swirled my finger around inside her, against the walls of her pussy...Blue came so hard, fucking her pussy at my face! I kept at her, her cum flowing into my mouth...I swallowed and swallowed, now sucking her to get the last of the yogurt and her wonderful cum! 

I gave her pussy more sucks and licks, giving her body little mini-spasms each time...I saved the last mouthful and crawled up to her...I straddled her thigh and placed my silky smooth pussy on her...I gently pulled her knee up and fucked myself on her thigh while I kissed her as if to devour her...we purred and whimpered at each other as her cum flowed into her mouth from mine...our tongues played with it and I fucked myself harder, now screaming into Blue's mouth...

Blue held my hips while kissing me, pushing my pussy harder on her thigh...then I came hard! Blue dug her nails against my ass and I came and came, soaking her body!

My orgasm subsided, and I sat between her legs...her knees bent and her legs spread. She was so delighted, rubbing my cum on her body! I helped her and rubbed it all over her...all the way down to her feet and between her toes while smiling at her. She loved it!

Then I applied musk oil all over both of us...okay...LOTS of musk oil. I love that stuff! It excites the hell out of me!

I laid down beside her, pulling the covers up and wrapping my arms and legs around her...

"Oh...Sunny...I love you so much..."

I kissed her deeply, then kept my lips very close to hers and spoke softly...

"I love you too, baby...forever, I am yours."

And just like that, we both fell asleep, holding onto each other...

Thank-you for reading!

My love to all of you,

Sunny