 Cunnilingus. Pussy licking. Eating out. Muff diving. Whatever you call it, it is a wonderful experience to be on the receiving end of. But what is it like to be the cunnilinguist? Sure, a lot of sex stories talk about it. And a lot of you guys (And gals!) out there have licked pussy before. But I thought it would be fun to write a story with just the juicy parts...pun intended! No beginning, no end really, just a nice narrative from the point of view of the pussy licker. Although this is not an actual true story, it is gathered from bits and pieces of my memory from the many cunts I have licked over the years. Enjoy!

Miranda

*****
She looked beautiful, sitting on the red velvet sofa. Long blond hair, voluptious figure, large real tits, and long legs. She was wearing a button down blue tank dress. Her bare arms looked tan. She had bright red lipstick on, and dangling gold hoop earings. Sitting on the floor by her feet, I could see that she had on sheer white stockings. I had no idea what she was wearing under her dress yet, but I intended to find out soon enough.

It is not important how we met, or how we got into this situation. Sitting in her large living room, the only thing that mattered was what was about to happen. She had never had a lesbian experience before...but Rosalita was curious. Very curious. And I intended to satisfy her curiousity. "How different can it be, recieving oral sex from a woman instead of from my husband?" she might have been thinking. Rosalita, Rosalita...you have no idea what you've been missing.

Sitting on the floor between her legs, I massaged her feet. I was so hungry to taste her pussy, but she needed time to get over the initial shock of her first sexual encouter with another woman. Her hair was all messed up from our make-out session a few minutes before. She had never kissed another woman on the lips until earlier this afternoon, and I think she had liked it a lot, judging by how firmly she had kissed me back. At first she was a little shy, letting me make all the moves, but when my tongue had finally touched her tongue, she just melted, and embraced me as she eagerly Frenched kissed my mouth.

I realized that we hadn't even exposed each others skin yet, so I decided to introduce her to the pleasures of two naked female bodies together before I got to her juicy pussy. I reached under her dress and found the top of her stockings. First I unrolled the left stocking...I slowly peeled it down her leg. I repeated the process on her right leg. My head was buried under her dress...I could see she was wearing pink panties. Nice and feminine. I could smell her arousel...

I slowly kissed and rubbed her feet before returning to her side on the sofa. We sat down next to each other.

"How are you feeling, Rosalita?" I asked.

"Horny!" she answered.

"Are you sure you want to do this?" I queried.

"YES! Yes, Miranda. I have fantasized about being with another woman sexually for so long now. I am very eager to experience this." As if to emphasize her point, she kissed my lips passionatly and stuck her hand under my white t-shirt. I realized that this was the first time she had felt another woman up.

"Do you like feeling my breasts, Rosalita?" I asked, breathing hard as she burshed my nipple through my black lacy bra.

"Yes, I want to feel skin."

"The clasp is in back." I lifted my shirt over my head to make it easier for her to undo my bra. As I tossed my shirt across the room, she reached around my back and undid the clasp. My breasts heaved out into the open, and I let her look and touch. I enjoyed the look on her face as she touched her first pair of breasts besides her own.

"Not as large as your's, Rosalita, but I think you'll enjoy them anyway!" I joked. She felt me up eagerly, getting a rise out of my nipples. She explored every square inch of my breasts with her fingertips, rubbing under my arms, squeezing my breasts together, and eventually tasting them with her hungry red lips.

I made her pause for a minute so she could undress. I wanted to see her naked. I wanted her to experience the feeling of having another woman lustily looking at her body.

She was not shy at first as she removed her dress. Standing in her pink bra and panties, she was no more exposed to my stares as she would have been in a bikini on the beach. But she hesitated before removing her bra; she knew another woman would be staring at her breasts with hunger. This was not like in a locker room after working out, she might have been thinking. This was stripping as foreplay...with another member of the same sex!

I smiled and told her it was O.K. She got over her initial shyness quickly, and undid her bra, letting it fall to the floor. She looked into my eyes.

"They're beautiful" I whispered. "So large and natural. You make me wet, Rosalita!"

Emboldened by my compliments, she shook her chest left to right, making her tits jiggle. To make her feel more comfortable with her increasing nudity, I removed my shorts and panties in one quick motion. I let her look at me in the nude as she stood inches away from me in her pink panties. She seemd hesitant to look below my waist, so I moved my hands down over my chest and down to my pussy as if to non-verbally encourage her eyes to follow my hands down. She shyly looked at my pussy.

"Rosalita, I want to see your pussy." She blushed when I said that. "Don't be shy, show it to me!" I pushed.

"I'm...I have a confession, Miranda. I'm not a real blond. My pussy hair is brown, and I haven't trimmed it as nicely as I should have for something like this."

"It's o.k., honey!" I touched her arm. "It's allright. Do you want me to remove your panties for you?" I offered.

"YES! Oh yes, I would love that, Miranda."

I smiled at her, and stuck my hands onto the waistband of her panties. I slid the pink panties down ever so slowly and teasingly. Down they went, exposing her pretty triangle of brown hair. She was frozen as I pulled them all the way down her legs and lifted her feet one by one to remove the clothing completly. I stood back a few feet to admire her naked body. She looked very embarrased as I eyeballed her figure up and down.

"Turn around, Rosalita. I want to see your ass as well!" She obeyed, slowly turning around. Her ass was larger than I had expected, and I couldn't help but to squeeze it in my hands. My touch on her ass caused her to moan. I led her back to the couch and sat her down in the center. I kissed her lips again, and I eased my body onto her lap.

Now she was experiencing her first brush of skin on skin contact as our naked bodies pressed together. I let her hands explore my body...she seemed especially eager to touch me in non-sexual areas, like my back and my legs. I let her touch. She hesitated at my red bush.

"Go ahead, you can touch there, don't be shy!" I took her by the wrist and guided her hand between my legs. She gently stroked my pussy.

"It's wet!" she said.

"Making out and feeling a naked body pressed against me for ten minutes will tend to cause that kind of reaction!" I laughed. She was warming up herself, and she laughed with me. "Go ahead, Rosalita. Explore your first pussy. See how it is different from your own.

She did just that, and slowly explored the folds of my pussy. She eventually stuck a finger inside, and I also felt her thumb on my clit. I began to pant and moan.

"Mmm...better stop before I come!" As much as I wanted to have an orgasm, I really wanted to bring her pleasure first. I turned the table on her, and touched her pussy.

"Oh...that feels good!" she gasped. "Your hands are softer than my husband's!"

"If you like my hands, Rosalita, wait until you feel my soft female lips and tongue down there!"

She giggled. I fingered her cunt, rubbing my hand over her bush and exploring the pink folds underneath. I kissed her lips one more time before starting a journey down her body with my lips. Her large nipples got rock hard in my mouth when I sucked them one by one. She especially liked it when I kissed the soft underside of her boobs while my hands explored the wetness of her pussy lips.

I reluctantly finished my oral exploration of her chest and slowly kissed my way down her stomach, stopping momentarily at her belly button. It was so cute, I just had to kiss it.

"Oh! That feels good" Rosalita moaned.

"Yeah, there are some nerve endings between the belly and the clit."

I finished kissing her belly button and began to kiss her pubic area. I could smell her arousal; her bush was hairy and wet with a combination of sweat from her thighs and female juices from her cunt. I inhaled the musky aroma and licked my lips in anticipation.

"Are you ready, Rosalita?" I asked her.

"Yes!" she screamed.

"Are you sure?" I kissed very close to her pussy lips, tickling her bare thighs with the tip of my tongue, my red silky hair in her lap.

"Yes! Please, Miranda, eat me out NOW!" she begged.

As much as I wanted to tease her, I knew she really needed it badly, so I gave Rosalita her first kiss on the pussy from another woman. My lips met her pussy lips as if I was giving her a French kiss. I made sure the oral sex was really wet and messy, getting saliva all over her lap. She clenched her legs around my head, wanting me to kiss her deeply between her legs. I decided it was time to really plunge into it.

I sucked one outer lip into my mouth hungrily and then the other before closing my lips over the entire area. Rosalita moaned loudly when my hot lips enveloped her entire cunt and I began to make out with her pussy. My tongue hadn't actually hit her clit yet; I was licking the inner folds of her pussy like mad as my lips deeply kissed hers. My fingertips brushed her bare thighs; I could feel goosebumps. She began to lift her hips up to my face, eager for me to use more pressure and eager to have her clit kissed as well.

Rosalita's pussy was hot to my tongue; she was absolutly throbbing with pleasure. I could feel her pulse between her legs as the blood flowed from her arousal. Her sticky juices were dribbling down my chin, and I knew she was ready for me to really go at it. I spread her cunt lips wide open with my fingertips to get a really good view. It looked lovely; there was brown pubic hair all around the thighs, and then a stark contrast when I viewed the inside. Spreading her even wider, I savored the view: glistening pink folds dripping with a heady mixture of my saliva and her sweet juices, a perfectly erect clit popping out of its hood, and a deep wide open hole in the middle of her vagina, dark and mysterious. I stuck a finger into her hole as deeply as I could, then I slowly closed my mouth around her folds again.

My tongue explored her clit for the first time, flicking up and down before starting a firm steady clockwise rotation. Her hips pushed her cunt into my face; I had to lift my nose up to get some air. Her legs clamped around my head rather tightly; I almost made her loosen her grip, but then I thought that it was a good sign if she was that into her first experience with another woman, so I let her do her thing.

I could hear her loud groans even though her thighs were partially covering my ears; she was making very intense moans of pleasure, along with very heavy panting. I kept finger fucking her as well, finding the fleshy little bump of her G-spot inside her cunt. I made a motion with my finger to stimulate her inside; this caused a wave of her juices to flow around my nose and lips.

I felt her excitement as Rosalita opened herself up for me, losing all her inhibitions, focused completely on the pleasures I was giving her. My tongue homed in on her clit, alternating between sucking and licking motions.

"Ohh!" she screamed. "Oh fuck!" Good, I thought. When a normally shy woman starts yelling "Oh Fuck!" it is a sign I am doing my job well. I made some noises myself to encourage her.

"Mmm...your pussy tastes fucking sweet! I love to eat hot pussy," I said the best I could while my mouth was between her legs. "Oh, eating you out makes my OWN pussy wet! I'm masturbating right now!" I wasn't lying, my left hand had traveled between my own legs.

"Ahh...Oh my God! Miranda...Uh...UH! Oh Oh OH!" Rosalita was panting and moaning very intensely. Finally she stopped speaking in verbal words and all I could hear were primitive grunts and heavy breathing.

"Uh...UMM! Ohh...UHHHHH!!"

Her pussy began to quiver; my eyes looked down and I saw the lips of her pussy contracting and expanding rapidly. Her cunt tightly gripped around my finger, and her juices nearly drowned my mouth and nose as I eagerly dove in to get her off completly.

She let out one extremly loud gutteral moan, and then all hell broke loose as she sweat profusely and her orgaasm ripped through her body. Her legs kept clamping around my ears, and her pussy orgasmed on my finger. I sucked and sucked her clit, milking all the honey from her hot red cunt. I lapped at her clit and pussy lips as she rocked her hips up and down. I didn't stop until she gently pushed my mouth away as her clit became too sensetive in it's post orgasmic state. I moved my attention away from her pussy and lovingly kissed the soft flesh of her thighs as she came down to earth. Her pussy kept contracting involuntarily for a few moments.

"Thank you!" she sighed. I got up from my position on the floor between her legs and lay down on the sofa by her side. I looked Rosalita in the eyes. I wanted to ask her how she liked her first lesbian experience, but instinct told me to be quiet and let her sort out her feelings before I talked to her. Instead of responding verbally to her, I looked deeply into her big blue eyes. I brushed her long blonde hair out of her face, and brought my lips close to her mouth. Rubbing my fingertips through her hair, my mouth made contact with her lush red lips. I softly kissed her mouth and touched her tongue with my own tongue...letting her taste her own juices. I melted my naked body into hers as I let her taste her own arousal on my mouth as I greedily French kissed her...