 A Lover once asked me: If you had to explain why you love cunnilingus so much, how would you describe it? And do you really love it as much as you say? I truly pondered how I should answer these questions because her inquiry was so honest and deserved a full explanation!

As to the question: "Do I love it?"

Oh do I ever. I love it when I run my hand over a pussy and find it already oozing wet. Feeling over the Vulva, just the feel of that curvature cupping into my hand, the prelude to an exciting experience of sexual sensation and emotion.

Opening my lover wide to explore her Labia with my hand, slowly opening her slit with a finger, as I explore her slit all the way from top to bottom. Opening her wide all the way up and then over her clit. Then with two fingers repeating that same journey but also searching out every little crevice and fold as I feel her ever increasing natural wetness, permitting the wonderful experience of opening her introitus and entering her cunt, hopefully finding the spongy arena of her G-spot and exciting her to ever increasing wetness, the kind of wetness I feel now, the kind brought of being excited by seeing your lover highly stimulated and writhing with passion. 

Cunnilingus to me is like being given an aphrodisiac. I love the way that a lover spontaneously opens her legs as you kiss your way down. Kissing her neck, then lingering over each of her nipples prior to licking and kissing to her navel, simultaneously running your hand down her open thighs. Kissing her Mons as you move between her legs to kiss her thighs and licking the angles of her groins, sensing the increasing of her ardour as you get that initial odour of her rising passions as her natural pussy juices increasingly flow.

I find I experience four distinctly different flavours when I go down and eat pussy. But initially I just love to explore with my fingers. I adore the feel of pussy and the way it responds to touch. Swelling with sexual need and expressing the sexual need of lovemaking. 

When I first kiss pussy I love to run my tongue up and down her slit, feeling her widen and her wetness really begin to flow with the pure natural wetness of pussy. Which I hope you are feeling now!

As I continue I love to lick a little harder and then focus on the introitus of her cunt, pushing my tongue in and out as far as I can. There are times when I wish my tongue was longer, but alas, it cannot be, but it is here that I love the second flavour of my lover, the flavour of her cunt. It is a flavour which spreads over her slit and is still there when I lick my way to her clit. Kissing, and licking over and around it, feeling it engorge and become even more sensitive as with my lips and my tongue I softly move back the diaphanous cowl that protects this glorious organ of love.

I relish in the sense of my lovers bodily reactions to my pursuits, feeling her body heat rise, her pelvis writhing beneath me, sometimes to the point that it becomes difficult to maintain my loving to her clit. As I sense the beginning of her orgasm there is now another change in her taste, it the taste of an impending orgasm and if I want to make this last even further now is the time to back off and just kiss her labia and thighs as her body calms. However, it always seems that that third taste always remains, accompanied by a seeming widening and swelling of her labia.

I love it, I love the fact that my lover is becoming increasingly wet as I continue to love on her slit with ever increasing passion to her clit. Licking all the way down her slit to her introitus and back to entice and enliven her clit, now swollen because it has been released and fully exposed from its place of hiding and now thriving in sensitive response to my love.

As her body writhes she is pulling my face veraciously against herself, that third taste seems to increase in its flowing from her cunt. I lick faster, harder, my own passions becoming more driving and needing as I relish in her taste and bodily responses to my attentions. Concentrating on my licking of her cunt and my lips encompassing her clit. Her writhing pelvis and the feeling that her body is becoming covered in goosebumps, now is when I am certain that her orgasm is now well into being and it is now that the taste of her changes for the fourth time. Orgasmic cum has a wonderful taste all of its own and it is this cum that I absolutely relish in drinking down, swallowing all and knowing that my lover has reached a peak that only a woman can achieve! 

I have known women who have faked orgasm with me, I know they have because they just didn't taste right. At the time I would never embarrass them over such an event because I know that many women are anorgasmic. Either because they genuinely are, or some even feel that they take too long to achieve orgasm so fake it in order to relieve their partner. In my case, my lover can take as long as she wishes, even telling me to not stop after her achieving orgasm. Wanting more sometimes demanding that I keep going, that she wants more, wants a further orgasm and I am always happy to oblige!

So. In answer to the question: Do you like doing this? As you no doubt have already sensed: YES, I love it! I love giving my partner cunnilingual orgasm, multiple if possible, and I love having the same done to me! I always feel obliged to tell her that I get very, very wet during cunnilingus, and when I cum I really flood. So I always tell my lover to: 

"Come hungry, because you will be well fed with as much cum as she can ever desire, create and take!