 I had never been with a woman before. The thought of it used to scare me. I guess, with age, sometimes a woman like myself can get curious. I've always liked to look at women and admire their beauty, but that's always as far as it got. I never thought of actually having real sex with another woman. 

Then, a friend of mine, approached me, revealing her attraction to me. At first I was shocked. I didn't know what to say or how to react! At first, I put her off, by telling her that I was in NO WAY interested in having a sexual relationship with a woman. The subject was dropped for a while, but then, a couple months later she emailed me again, telling me of her interest in me. Again, I wasn't sure how to react, but now she had my curiosity. 

Since the first time she had brought up her feelings to me, I tried to imagine what it would be like to sleep with a woman. At first, the thought seemed really weird, but then I found myself getting turned on by the thought. Even when my husband was giving me oral sex, I would imagine that a woman was doing that to me, and I would get so hot. Now I was thinking about it all of the time! I couldn't get the thought of being with a woman out of my head! It was driving me nuts! I couldn't even concentrate at work! 

Of course I told her that I was still very uncomfortable with the idea, and that I was very happy, sexually, with my husband...which is true. My husband is a pro in bed. He knows where to touch me to get me going. But, now the thought of her doing the things that be husband orally does, and me being able to do the same...real turned me on. The big problem was, that my husband had no clue of my curiosity. I was afraid to even tell him. In a way, I was embarrassed at the thought, that I was even considering it! So, I didn't tell him. 

One afternoon, while my husband was at work, I invited her over to talk. At first, we were both a little bit uncomfortable. She didn't know what to expect from me, and I didn't know what to say to her. Finally, we started talking about other things, like work and our families and stuff. I started feeling a bit more at ease and more relaxed with the conversation. She could tell that I was losing my tension. 

Somehow, the subject was brought up again. At first, I wanted to tell her that I couldn't do it...but then, I told her that I was a little bit curious. Her eyes lit up! She asked me if I wanted to talk about it. I told her that I was shy about it, and that I wasn't sure if it would be right to act on it, without my husband knowing...and that...I was also too scared to tell him. I wasn't sure what he'd think! 

She then moved over to the couch where I was sitting. She looked into my eyes without touching me, or saying a thing. I knew that I wanted her. I wanted her bad. I think she could see it in my eyes. She lightly brought her hand up to touch my face. I closed my eyes, feeling her caress my cheek. I didn't have to say anything to her. She knew that I was now willing. She then leaned over to my ear and whispered, "Are you sure?" I could feel her breath on my ear. I wanted to say yes, but I could only nod... and she kissed my ear. She then moved even closer to me, gently pulling my body towards hers. I felt her warm lips caress mine, and I kissed her back. I could feel the heat of her flow though me, as we kissed. I reached for her and she signaled for me to relax. 

She pulled back and started unbuttoning my blouse. I watched her as she slowly unbuttoned my shirt. She noticed that I wasn't wearing a bra and smiled up at me. I never looked at her this way...and her face was beautiful. She had soft light skin and long wavy blond hair. Her eyes were a lovely shade of hazel, and she had long graceful eyelashes. Her lips were full, but not overdone. She pushed back my shirt and leaned towards me to kiss my breast. My breast tingled at the touch of her lips. She kissed it again, and then kissed the other. She again looked up into my eyes. Her look was seductive and sensual, her hazel eyes catching mine. She then circled my nipple with her tongue. I could feel her hot, moist breath on my skin as she caressed my nipple with her tongue and mouth. She took my nipple into her mouth and sucked it hungrily. My body was responding. I could feel the moisture welling up between my legs. She came up to kiss my lips again and then stood up before me. 

She slowly pulled her shirt up over her head and unclasped her bra, letting it fall to the floor. Her breasts were of medium to small in size, but very round and shapely. They looked almost perfect for the build of her body. She was thin with a nice curve to her body. Her skin was light and soft looking. 

She then unbuttoned her jeans and slid them down to the floor, revealing her fully to me. Her waist was delicate and her hips were gracefully in per portion to the rest of her body. Her hair tumbled over her shoulders and touched the top of her breast. She looked like a goddess to me, with her graceful curves and glowing skin. 

She signaled for me to come lay on the floor, so I did. She then motioned for me not to do anything. "I wanted to show you how good it is", she said. 

She leaned over me, breasts hanging over my belly, facing me. She kissed one of my breasts again, and drew her tongue down my ribs to my navel. She unbuttoned and unzipped my pants, kissing my navel with her lips and tongue. She gripped the top of my pants and slid then off of my body. Now I was naked before her. I was nervous, but I was anxious for what was about to happen. I could only imagine what is was going to be like. If only my husband knew what I was up to! 

She then parted my legs with her hands. She kissed my stomach and licked around my waist. She caressed the inside of my thighs with her finger tips, while her nipples slid across my thighs. I was hot and wet. I had never been so excited. Not even with my husband! Maybe because it was so forbidden and daring. 

She then slid her tongue over the top of my pubic hair and slowly towards the inside of my thighs. Her lips were hot and wet. I could feel her breath on my thighs. Then...she lightly kissed me where I was wet. She paused for a moment...then I could feel her tongue circling the outer rim of my pussy. I flinched and sighed in delight. My body arched and I felt my vaginal muscles lightly spasm. She proceeded to lick me lightly, teasing me with tickles of ecstasy. Then I felt her suck my clit and nibble me with her teeth. My legs twitched, as she sucked and slid her tongue inside of me. She then slid her finger in me a sucked on my clit at the same time, flicking her tongue in a way that made me twitch and real in delight. She twisted inside of me as I panted and moaned. My legs tightened and I could feel my insides begin to spasm. My inner wells came together over and over again, as I began to softly scream in with ecstasy. The orgasm came over and over as she burrowed her head into me, tongue flittering inside me. She braced me with her arms, around my thighs, bringing her fingers around to open me up for the taking. 

I couldn't take it anymore and I screamed and panted for her to stop...but she wouldn't. She held me down as I scooted myself across the floor. She then put one hand across my belly and thrust three of her fingers deep inside of me, pumping me, and licking me as I dripped with wetness. She sucked it up my sweet juices, as I wiggled beneath her grip. She stopped for a moment, only to turn herself around to sit over my face. Again she nuzzled into my muff, licking it with desire. 

I tried to contain myself enough, to set still to view what was presented before me. Her pussy was just inches from my face. I had never done this before, but I had fantasized about it. It smelled sweet, and was wet with excitement. She had shaved all of her hair off, so that she was bare. I was curious for a taste. I put my hands on her buttocks, and brought her closer. I took a light taste with my tongue...it was good, and she was soft. I licked her again, taking more of her in. I circled the rim of her with my tongue and kissed her pink lips. She moaned and I could feel her sigh breathe across my wetness. I shuttered at her touch, and she kissed my wetness again. 

"Yes" she whispered, "That is how you do it. Keep doing it. Lick me like I'm licking you." 

I did. I spun my tongue around her, pressing my lips to her. I burrowed my head into her, taking in her sweet juices. I nibbled her lips and flittered my tongue across her. She panted and moved her body gracefully over me, like a velvet snake. She grabbed my breasts and sucked on my nipple as and licked her with vigor. We were both panting and purring, like female cats in heat. I put my finger inside of her and moved it within her. She screamed with delight, pressing herself into my hand and over my face. I removed my fingers and ate her again, as she planted herself firmly over my face. I almost couldn't breath, but I didn't care. She tasted so sweet and her lips were so soft. All I wanted to do was devoir her and please her. I could feel the muscles begin to spasm as she writhed to pleasure. Her wetness poured out, sweet and sticky. She rubbed into my face, sliding back and forth over my tongue. 

Suddenly she stopped and turned herself around to face me. She passionately kissed my lips and pinched my breasts together as she gyrated her pussy over my leg. I took one of her breasts into my mouth and sucked it, then licking my way to the other one. Her hand pawed at my pussy, occasionally dipping her fingers deep into me, causing me to flutter. I came again and again, until finally we both collapsed breathless and quivering. 

We laid there next to each other panting. I gazed over at her. She smiled back. I couldn't believe what we had just done. I could still feel my vaginal muscles spasming together, as we laid there. I didn't know that being with a woman would be so good. How would I explain this to my husband...or would I? 

She propped herself up on one elbow and put her hand out to spin her finger lightly around one of my nipples. "I told you it would be great. I could tell that you loved it. You were so hot." And she was right. I was great. I knew that I would do this again.