 We sit there with our drinks in hand; everyone else has crashed out from the all-night party. Its early hours and the alcohol has settled us into a calm yet outgoing state. We are often the two that end up sitting alone after the nights drama; sitting, talking, learning about each other's' thoughts and fantasies. She is beautiful; with long blonde hair and almost snow white skin, I often tell her she should go as snow white to the fancy dress parties we have, she would look incredible. I'm a sucker for costumes and would be thrilled to see someone so pure dressed like that.

Tonight we talk about sexuality; we tell each other of our curiosities. The both of us are straight young women; personally I have thoughts about other women; I believe they are the more beautiful and attractive of the two genders. I can be totally captivated by a gorgeous woman although my personal reference will always be the strong man that can protect me. I guess I love to be the weaker one of the pair and will always love a strong protector, maybe that's the primal instinct in me.

She tells me of her thoughts, similar to mine. If she were ever to experiment with her hidden attraction to females, it would have to be with the right girl, someone she could trust and enjoy the moment with. I agree with her and speak of my fears; that I may not be able to please a woman in the same way I can please a man. We sip our drinks and seem to edge a little closer to each other on the sofa, unknowing of our subconscious movements.

Our chat continues as we get deeper into our thoughts on the subject; exploring each other's minds and our way of thinking. Our drinks are beginning to empty from our glasses and our eyes begin to fix onto one another's, I feel that attraction as I look in her eyes. Pure and blue, a shine that says she's tipsy but knows what she's doing and what she wants. Without hesitation, she pours the last of her drink down her throat before pushing the glass to the side and leaning herself onto me.

I feel her weight push over my body as we sink into the sofa; her moist lips are pressed against mine, moving and fitting my mouth perfectly. My tongue slides over hers as passion pours over me and my need to be touched and caressed intensifies. I can feel the heat from her body as it closes in to lean further into me; that heat fuelling my desire to touch her. I raise my hand a little towards her hip and trace my finger along the band of her pants. She shudders slightly at the gentle caress on her skin; she feels silky and soft under my hand. 

As my fingers push under her waist band her kiss becomes more passionate; she moves her mouth on mine with a delicate lust; needing and wanting as her breathing becomes heavy. The supple plumpness of her lips is felt moving across my face on a route to my ear. I feel the hotness of her breath on my skin; it sends a chain reaction through my spine. I am just as aroused as she is; my own breathing becoming shallow, my eyes narrowing onto her and my skin feeling tingly like it is pulsing with electricity. 

My fear of experimenting this way is soon forgotten; I want to touch her, to kiss her, to find out what makes her moan. My body tells me that it longs for her also; it begs for her to caress, lick and for her to smoother it in attention. I want this woman, my friend, the girl I've known forever to have me here, right at this moment to use however she pleases.

I grab at the band with both hands, scraping my nails along her skin as I pull at the material to move down over her ass and thighs. I move my face to see her black lacy panties while her mouth presses hard into the hollow of my neck. The pressure of her mouth on that sensitive part of my body instantly causes a reaction in me to moan into her ear and pull her body harder into mine. 

We pull at each other's clothes; her pants pulled off and her t-shirt thrown onto the floor beside us. I'm left in my nothing but my red French underwear. I push her off me for a moment before pulling her lips to mine for a passionate kiss; my hands keeping her there as they entwine into her long blonde hair. I suddenly break our connection to give her a smouldering look as I stand to make sure the door is firmly locked. For this moment, it is just me and her, nobody else.

I reach out my hands to her and lift her from the sofa; she takes it to stand up close in front of me, our lips merely millimetres apart. I lift my left hand to graze the back of my fingers along her jaw. I watch her face, her eyes closing at the touch, her own hand cupping mine before she runs her lips over it to leave a trail of kisses. 

'Is this what you want?' I ask in a calm and husky tone.

Her head nods as her falling hair moves beautifully over her face; it frames her features perfectly, making her eyes more striking as they open up to show their sparkling blue colour. Her lips look divine, juicy and plumped from our kisses earlier. My eyes look south over her neck, so supple and inviting and down across her chest. She wears the same lace on her bra as she does on her panties; the set is so beautiful on her, the black material standing out against her pale skin.

I lift her chin to give me access to her throat, her head tilts to the side as my lips and tongue run over her flesh. I can smell her perfume – a scent of sweet floral extracts fills my lungs as I try not to bite down on her soft skin too much. I allow my teeth to graze her as I move lower across her collar bone, hearing her moans become more frequent. I feel my panties becoming more restricting as they dampen at the sounds of her breathing under my touch. The silk clings to me and I can feel my nipples erect and push out to show beneath my bra.

I kiss down the centre of her chest as I start to kneel down before her; my hands moving around to her back to unhook the clasp on her lace underwear. I'm hungry to taste her flow of juices from her pussy; 'what will it be like to eat out another woman? How will she taste?' I'm curious and my arousal is starting to peek. My hands expertly flick open the, freeing her milky white breasts in front of my face. Instinct taking over me I move my mouth to her skin quickly; wanting to sink my teeth in and bite lightly over her fleshy mounds before sucking hard onto her pert nipples.

The suction from my mouth makes a burst of subtle moans leave her throat, I can almost feel the vibration from her throat move through her body, tuning into mine as we match our movements to fit each other perfectly. Her fingers trail through my hair, controlling where I might put my lips next. I realise the ever so slow motion as she leads my head further south every so often. I never stop working on her with my kisses the whole time she moves me and it isn't long at all before she has me where she wants me; with my face at her crotch ready to dive in and experience the wonder that we'd been fantasising about for years.

I kiss her hip bones, deciding to tease her some before moving straight to her sex. My tongue and lips dance along the top of her panties as I try to pull the lacy material between my teeth. As I grip the delicate material, I pull it back to reveal her most intimate area. My fingers pull at the sides to move the underwear all the way down her long smooth legs – so long in fact that she could easily go for a modelling job as she had the height required for the catwalk. My lips connect with her skin once more as she lifts her feet out of the lacy material. 

I kiss on the smooth areas of her skin and brush my nose into the light triangle of short blonde hair while I edge myself inch by inch towards her now dampened slit. My tongue now searching to enter between her legs and find that pea-sized piece of flesh she craves me to touch. I feel all of the different textures of her lips as I run my tongue the entire length of her pussy. Her hips pushing her sex harder towards my mouth, making sure I stimulate her with more pressure enticing her moaning even more.

I work my tongue over her enlarged clit, feeling her response as her nails trail harder along my scalp and one hand pulling gently on my ear lobes. I taste her juices, both musky and sweet – it's divine, I think I could actually sit and lick at her forever. With every little contact my own sexual desires become more desperate for attention but my focus is to get her off and feel a woman get off through the power of my tongue. 

Her hips gyrate to rub into my mouth as much as possible; the friction of my lips and the delicate flicks of my tongue build up her excitement. Her breathing becomes more erratic and I have to grasp her ass to hold her steady due to the buckling of her legs under my touch. To see this woman quivering and moaning with pleasure because of my actions is such a turn on. She is so beautiful and intriguing to watch – every movement and sound her body makes seems to have a direct line to my pussy as I feel the gushes of wetness soak my silk frenchies. Her sounds are louder now, her chest lifting up and down heavily as the first waves of her orgasm pulse through her body.

'Oh god'! 

Her words muffled by her thrashes and harsh breathing completely overwhelm me and I try even harder to give her harder and faster sweeps of my tongue; I push up my index finger inside of her at the same time to feel the moist warm wetness pulse and shape around me. He moans continue heavy as a second wave blows through her the second I move my hand in a 'come here' motion on her g-spot.

Just as she comes down from her intense orgasm her muscles begin to release my finger and her body becomes weak over mine as I stand to steady her. We embrace in a tender kiss, with the beads of her arousal still damp on my lips she tastes her own wetness and releases a soft hum into my mouth.

Just as we're about to pull each other into the sofa we here the distinct shuffling sound of people moving around on the stairs; with shock we both scurry to put our clothes on, shoving our underwear underneath us as we try to sit up naturally like we had been earlier on in the night.

The door rattles before opening up to let a couple of the other party goers into the room. 

'Hey, Clara we're getting a cab home now so you can come along with us'. It was Clara's brother Mike which had almost caught me servicing his younger sister in the middle of the living room. Fortunately we manage to get ourselves into what would seem like a composed state, anything that may have looked out of place could be blamed on the fact we had been drinking and had been slouching on the sofa most the night.

'You look a little flushed Clara; I hope you're not going to be ill from all that wine.' I smirk ever so slightly, knowing fine well that her red cheeks were a direct result to her orgasm. 

'I'm fine Mike.' 

'We'll be waiting outside; it should be here any moment now. Quickly get your things and say goodbye.' 

With Mike now outside the room she embraces me and leaves a light trail of soft kisses from my mouth to my ear.

'I can come to see you tomorrow, I want to finish this'.

And on that note she throws her underwear into her handbag and scurries out of the door.

'See you later, Clara'.

It may only be a brief encounter, but it's thrilling and I cannot wait to get my hands back onto that woman again. My best friend now turned my experimental lover.