 Disclaimer: This is a work of fiction and people need to understand that it is for entertainment purposes only. Note that all characters in the story are over the age of eighteen (18) years old. The term 'teen' or 'teenager' can easily refer to a person who is eighteen or nineteen! I am happy to say that the original story 'Cursed: The Idol of Lesbos' has been picked up by director Margo Sullivan and put to film. Hopefully the popularity of these tales will continue both in film and in story format with support and encouragement from you fans!

Story Chronicles thus far...

Cursed: The Idol of Lesbos

----------------------------------

A magical idol is purchased in an antique store by a couple, but instead of enhancing their love life, it changes Jennifer into a twisted lesbian who converts her mother, sister, cousins, and aunt into Sapphic love slaves. Her uncle, upon learning the truth about his daughters and wife being changed forever, throws the idol away and commits suicide.

Cursed: Return of the Idol

---------------------------------

Jill Watson finds the idol on her lawn and is immediately changed into a manipulative lesbian addict. She converts her assistant, her female clients, her neighbors, and even her own daughter! The last victims are Megan and her daughter Tilly who are being transformed in the midst of an epic lesbian orgy, but Megan's son destroys the idol at the last minute and the spell is broken. Or at least everyone thinks... The idol's power has hidden itself away in the eighteen year old body of Tilly Buchanan, who uses it to sexually enslave her own mother in a depraved act of lesbian incest.

Cursed: Spirit of the Idol

--------------------------------

The spirit of the Idol of Lesbos embeds itself into eighteen year old Tilly, granting her all the powers of the idol. She squanders the power available to her and finds that not only could the spirit die, but her along with it. The idol explains she must find two women to be living sacrifices while Tilly becomes the vessel. Twins Leslie and Lisa are targeted as the sacrifices, but Tilly has misunderstood. The twins merely sacrifice their innocence, but Tilly literally becomes the new idol, reduced to a metal statue that Lisa and Leslie carry off in the end.

Cursed: Rebirth of the Idol

------------------------------------------

Chapter 1

------------

The street looked like every other street in the neighborhood. Cars getting washed, hedges getting trimmed, kids playing basketball or catch in their front yards. Occasionally a ball would roll out into the street and a car would have to stop suddenly as to not run over a foolish kid who ran after it. Maple Drive's street lamps were decorated in bright yellow flyers that could be seen going all the way down as far as the eye could see. Each paper was identical, fixed to the steel poles with blue painter's tape and flapping slightly in the gentle summer breeze.

The flyers were not for any particular event, but instead were marked prominently with large print:

MISSING! REWARD!

TILLY BUCHANAN

AGE 18

CAUCASIAN, BLONDE, 5'3", 105 LBS

LAST SEEN AT EMMLER HIGH SCHOOL

PLEASE CONTACT...

The rest was all small print indicating an anonymous tip line to contact along with an email address. A black and white picture took up the bulk of the paper showing the blonde girl's mousy smile.

She was missing for two weeks now, but Tilly was still the talk of the town. The neighborhood was stunned. A High School Senior vanished a week before graduation and seemingly into thin air. Hundreds of students and teachers and parents saw her at the field hockey championship. Surveillance recorded her disappearing into the women's locker room door. Fifteen minutes later two other girls entered the locker room, but they saw nothing. There were a few people who cried foul, who thought the other two girls were involved, but even if they were, where was Tilly's body? There was only one door in and out and a teacher walked into the locker room and found no sign of Tilly. Her clothes were still sitting on the bench next to her shoes, her towel still hanging on the ring outside the showers. 

Leslie and Lisa Hitch were on the same field hockey team and swore to the police that they didn't see anything. Their story was that the locker room was empty and they had no idea what happened. They also had no idea what happened to the pipes which inexplicably exploded out of the walls. Tiles flew everywhere and debris was cast all over the showers. The copper pipes literally melted into pools of metal. Tens of thousands of dollars in repairs, and nobody could figure out how it happened. To do the type of damage found, the twins would have had to be carrying sledgehammers and blow torches. 

Police searched the locker room from top to bottom, inspecting every locker and checking behind every wall. There were warrants to search the Hitch residence. They found no blood, no tools, no signs of Tilly at all. A female police officer found a strange copper statue of a woman masturbating in their closet, but handling it once caused her to put it back on the shelf and close the door. It was never recorded on any report. That same police officer was suspended for sexually assaulting a female prisoner the following day. 

Apologies were made to the Hitch family for disturbing them and that was the end of their involvement. According to the newspapers, Leslie and Lisa Hitch were merely witnesses to a strange act of vandalism and innocent regarding the disappearance of their teammate. And in some ways they were innocent... The sisters had no willing part in Tilly Buchanan's transformation. They did not destroy the showers. Of course, they knew everything, but even if they could tell the truth or wanted to confess, who would believe them?

Leslie and Lisa Hitch were mixed Hispanic and Caucasian, their light brown skin was flawless and encapsulated perfect youthful bodies. Eighteen and fit from field hockey, the twins had perfectly toned legs and C-cup breasts that made them each a catch. Every male student (and even some of their fathers) could have filled buckets with the sperm they spilled jacking off to the thought of the twins. Both dated, although with graduation done, it seems both girls decided to dump their boyfriends at the same time. Their mom and dad thought it was for the best with college right around the corner, although still surprised.

Today they had their dark brown hair pulled back in ponytails and they wore matching short shorts with tank tops and no bras. As identical twins, the only differences were that Leslie was slightly taller and Lisa had a small birthmark on her belly that was absent on Lisa. Both held onto a strap of a canvas bag that they were carrying up to the market to get some milk. Their father was at work and their mom was home cleaning. They told her they would walk up to the mini-mart and get milk for the house and their mother smiled in gratitude. She didn't see them put the small metal statue into the bag, nor would she have understood why if she had.

They passed the lamp pole and --just as she had with the other thirty poles- Leslie reached out and tore Tilly's 'Missing!' sign down. With one hand she crumpled it up and tossed it into the shrub of the nearby yard. The middle aged man washing his Audi didn't bother to scold them for littering on his property. Instead he merely ogled the twins who were half his age and called out, "Morning, girls!"

The sisters smiled politely and waved and kept going, their asses naturally swaying as they went. His eyes followed them till they disappeared from sight. Four minutes later another load of sperm would be spilled on behalf of the Hitch sisters. Leslie pulled another yellow flyer down and crumpled it into a ball, discarding it in the sewer grate.

As they rounded the corner, the twins noticed a girl who graduated with them from High School walking out her front door in a bathing suit covered up by a T-shirt and shorts. Her name was Sarah Thompson and both sisters quickly realized that they wanted her.

"Morning, Sarah!" Leslie and Lisa yelled out simultaneously.

"Hey, Lisa! Hey, Leslie! What are you doing?" she called back, putting her swim bag in the back of the car.

"Just walking around. Enjoying the day. How about you?"

"Going to Greg's house, then swimming later. We're trying to make the best of the summer before we go to different schools." Sarah was about to open the driver door when the twins walked up next to her.

Lisa smiled warmly, "Hey, you want to see something before you go?"

Sarah scrunched her eyebrows together, "Uhh, I don't know. I guess. I kinda told Greg I'd be over soon."

"It won't take long," Lisa reassured her. "Can we go inside?"

"Yeah, my parents took my brother to some event so if you have pot or something we're pretty safe."

Sarah had hung out with the Leslie some Junior year, but really spent most of her time talking with Lisa in their final classes together. The sisters always seemed so well connected to the parties that their somewhat condescending attitude could be overlooked. 

"So... What's in the bag?" Sarah asked innocently. 

The twins couldn't help but grin widely as they pulled out the statue. Leslie held the erotic metal image out for her next victim to hold, "Take a look, girlfriend."

The puzzled and uncomfortable expression was clear to both sisters as Sarah hesitated to touch the posed nude girl. "Uhhh, I'm cool. No need or desire to touch that thing."

"Oh come on, we just want your opinion on something," Lisa pleaded. "We want to know if you recognize the face on the idol."

"Why would I?"

"Just look at it closely. You might recognize her..."

Sarah felt like this was a setup of some type, a practical joke that she was going to be the brunt of. However Sarah had a tendency to bend to peer pressure, so in a huff she grabbed the idol from Leslie's hands. The copper statue depicted a girl masturbating, but the face was definitely familiar. It didn't take more than a few seconds for her to recognize the face of Tilly Buchanan. "You know, if this is a joke it totally isn't fun- fun- funnnnnyyyy..."

Her eyes closed and her mouth opened. The statue felt so warm in her hands and Sarah gripped it tightly. It was hot now -- so hot that it felt like it was burning her, but not her skin. It was her whole body that was burning, set aflame with lust, desire, an unquenchable thirst for...

'Pussy.'----'Desire.'

'Girls.'----'Submit.'

'Breasts.'----'Cunts.'

Two lipstick clad mouths pushed together. Nipples from two girls rubbed against each other. A female tongue lapping at a shaved pussy. The images pounded her imagination relentlessly while two voices drilled into her, one in each ear. Two voices, one goal: to change Sarah forever. One voice was foreign but seemed to know her well. The other voice was so familiar, yet different in tone. One was mature, seductive, impossible to ignore. The other was young, corrupting, twisted and driving.

When Sarah opened her eyes she looked at the twins, but they had changed somehow. They were always beautiful, but now they were exuding an air of sex so thick she could feel it. Their scent touched her nostrils and filled the High School grad with a hunger she had never known.

Leslie and Lisa were touching her, groping her, undressing her right in the living room while she gripped the Idol of Lesbos. Sarah had thought about being with a girl before and had even masturbated when she found some lesbian porn on her brother's computer, but those were fleeting moments of weakness. She felt guilty afterwards for having homosexual thoughts and for thinking about somebody other than her boyfriend. Now Sarah's very soul was being turned inside out, her mind remapped to focus on strictly carnal lusts.

"So," Leslie cooed, "Do you want to go see Greg now?" Lisa was fingering Sarah's clit in her bathing suit bottom while her twin teased her breasts.

"I- I- I think he can wait for an hour or two... Or five..." Sarah stuttered, her legs shaking as she tried to keep herself vertical. One of the sisters took the statue from her hands, but Sarah still felt the power coursing through her, still heard the voices in her head. Leslie kissed her mouth and the electricity of her first lesbian kiss caused the eighteen year old to moan loudly.

'Soft.'----'Wet.'

'Delicious.'----'Naughty.'

The three were fully naked now, Sarah's body pressed against the wall, the twins were on their knees taking turns licking her cunt. Yes, that's what she had -- a cunt. A wet sexy cunt that needed a girl's tongue in it. Greg had licked her down there before, but it was nowhere near as pleasurable as what she was experiencing now. Occasionally Leslie and Lisa would stop their tongues from stimulating her pussy to dance with each other. It was so perverse, watching twin sisters actually kissing. Did they have sex each other? Of course they did! Hot, dirty, lesbian sex, and they chose her to share their wicked sessions. Sarah felt so privileged to know she was selected to be with such stunning beauties, to have them begin her new, better life of true sexual gratification. 

Leslie was reaching back and fingering her sister's cunt from behind as Lisa sucked expertly at the fresh pussy. It was so marvelous to watch the Hitch sisters in their erotic act of depravity while being simultaneously pleased by them. Never in her wildest dreams or most private conversations had the thought of two sisters being with each other crossed Sarah's mind, but once seen it was impossible to look away. The mirror image girls licking her, touching each other, and sharing their perverse act with her!

How many girls had fallen victim to their lust? Five? Ten? Twenty? Thoughts of an ocean of female flesh spreading across an endless room filled her imagination. The images came from the idol --Sarah was sure of it- but it mattered not. She welcomed the idea of an eternal intertwining of soft legs and sexy faces and round asses to touch and caress and enjoy. It was her new life long goal, and to think it was beginning here with these gorgeous twins!

Sarah thrashed her head to the side, the orgasm taking her motions over and knocking a picture frame from the wall, sending it crashing to the floor. She looked down at the family portrait briefly before Lisa pushed it off carelessly to the side. 

"WHAT THE FUCK?!" a voice called from down the hall. Lisa, Leslie, and Sarah all pivoted quickly to the side to see who had screamed out. Megan Thompson, Sarah's younger sister had walked out of her bedroom wearing her headset, the blaring music masking the sexual sounds from the living room. However no amount of music could have hidden seeing her sister engaged in a Sapphic three-way.

Leslie stood up, "Who the hell are you?"

Sarah stammered, "Th- that's my sister, Megan. I never got a chance to tell you that she was home."

Lisa stood up and walked slowly toward Megan, "Hmm, looks like we get a two-fer today."

Leslie joined Lisa in the hallway, "Oooh, and she's so cute too. Sarah, grab the idol."

The eighteen year old did as she was instructed and took the Idol of Lesbos from the counter. It was still warm to the touch, warm like a living, breathing person existed within. Sarah trailed the twins, watching her sister's eyes dart back and forth, consoling them all in fear that she wouldn't tell anyone. Megan walked slowly backwards, taking a trepid step for every step the twins drew nearer, not understanding what was happening but instinctively knowing she wanted to get away. But Sarah knew the layout of the house and with clarity of focus that there would be no getting away for Megan. 

Megan broke into a run and fled to her room screaming, the twins in hot pursuit. The Hitch sisters were holding Megan down on her bed, looking up at Sarah with encouraging eyes. Megan's struggles subsided as she locked gaze with her older sister in the doorway. "Sarah, what the hell are you doing? Wait! Please, I don't know what's going on but you need to stop this! It isn't funny! I swear I'll tell mom and dad if you don't let me go!"

The old Sarah was fading, the part that was telling her that this was her family and that what she was doing was wrong.

'Go to her.'----'Fuck her.'

'Educate her.'----'Use her.'

'Pleasure her.'----'Make her your bitch.'

The voices in her ears, the images in her mind; things that were done, things that were to be done. All of it made Sarah gasp in excitement as she approached her sister.

"Don't worry, Megan," Sarah soothed, "You'll love every moment of it..." Sarah crossed the threshold of her sister's room and closed the door, excited to open a new chapter in her sister's experience, and her own.