 This follows on from my first two stories when Ashley & Rachel first meet and spend a day in the sun together in "Curves" Ch.1, then enjoy each other in their private cove in Ch.2 – now read on...

==============================

We headed back – Rachel had to do some windsurf training to a group the next morning but she didn't need Curves that day. She suggested, since I obviously knew about boats, that I take her out and maybe drop anchor offshore and have a lazy sunbathy day on my own. She would row out and join me later.

So off she went. I cast off to head out, looking forward to the day, the beautiful day in this paradise, my body in the sun, my book in my hand and a long cool drink. If I couldn't spend it with her I was sure going to spend it with me. And enjoy this happiness I felt.

I could see Rachel on the beach with her group from my anchorage, every so often turning from my book to watch her coax her crew. And slowly the sun had its effect. The eyes hooded over, the book left my hand and I drifted off into my world under that hot sun, my body glistening with the oil, my head filling with thoughts of my new found love. This girl of mine, so sexy and free and lovely. I wanted her. And my sex wanted her. I could feel myself becoming aroused by the very thought of her caressing me, kissing me, loving me. I had to go in and indulge the passion that was coming over me, to lay on that bed we shared and relive our love again, smell the sheets and pleasure myself with her once more.

I could not wait for her.

Meanwhile, on the beach and without me knowing, Rachel was ending her lesson sooner than I had assumed she would. I had watched her awhile earlier, of course, and while they were practicing some moves she had taken the opportunity to look out to sea with her binoculars. "Out to sea" indeed! I knew she was watching me! Gazing at me lying there in the sun, the breasts that she had kissed shining with my oil. I hoped she liked – loved – what she was seeing as much as I enjoyed her looking. But I had no idea how quiet and devious she could be...

As I lay there in the cabin on the bed in my sexual stupour, she had rowed across to me, quietly and deftly boarded the boat and was watching me from the stairwell to the cabin. I only saw her there by chance as I turned onto my side, eyes closed but not tight. I found her watching. No clue did I give her as she leant back against the stair wall and slid herself slowly down, opening her legs as she lowered herself, knees wide apart and her hand down her bikini bottoms. I knew she was teasing her sex with her middle finger down to her entrance, and in and out and down to her puckered ass, wetting it, making it slippery with her juice. Then to her hard bud as her other hand pulled down one cup of her top. Her breast distended with the tight elastic under and looked so erotic and wanton and slutty for me to watch, secretly watch.. As I started my play in earnest now. For her.

On my side. I love being on my side as I lay sometimes. My one hand down my front, two fingers in my pussy playing with my walls as wet as ever....and my other hand finding my butt, fingering my asshole, my middle finger there, oh....right inside me there.....up inside my ass as my pussy envelops me, contracts on me and I watch my Rachel watching me. 

She does not know. She is watching. She is fucking herself. She thinks I am oblivious to her being there. And I watch her through my half closed eyes and fuck myself brazenly for her. I am her live porn. Her slut.