 "When do you think we should plan on leaving Memphis to head back to school?" Bonnie asked Sami, between nibbles of Sami's clit.

"Since we've preregistered for the fall semester, we don't really have to be back until the last week of August, baby," Sami replied but not really wanting to talk about school, or anything for that matter; no, Sami wanted Bonnie to stop talking but continue nibbling, that's what Sami wanted.

Since Bonnie's return from her grandmother's funeral, she and Sami had somehow moved towards domesticity; neither knew it, but knowing it has nothing to do with living it.

Sami and AJ kept their interaction at work, the same as it was before their weekend of lust. Neither had alluded to it, except once, a week after it had occurred, when AJ made a comment to Sami over a cup of coffee.

"You still remember 'Rule' number two, I trust," AJ said, off-handedly, sotto-voice.

"Yep," Sami replied tersely.

"Just checking," AJ offered, but with a smile on her face for Sami.

Sami hadn't told Bonnie of that weekend with AJ, she didn't really think it necessary, or so she told herself at any rate; but still, it did nag at her. And it was the nagging of her conscious that finally caused her to 'fess up one night, after one Tequila shot too many.

She and Bonnie were relaxing, after sharing a pizza, and decided to do 'shots'; no real reason, but just for the hell of it, they said. After the third shot, Bonnie was lying on the couch with her head in Sami's lap as Sami stroked her hair and face, Bonnie being a light-weight when it came to liquor.

"Bonnie?" Sami said, a few minutes after she had taken her fourth, and last, shot.

"Yeah, baby?"

"I had a 'thing' when you were back in Gulfport, a couple of weeks ago."

"A thing?" 

"Yeah; I sorta' shacked up with someone over the weekend," but, of course, not revealing with whom.

Remember, Rule Number Two.

"I mean, it just sorta' happened, and I haven't felt right since, about not telling you about it." "I mean, I know that I probably shouldn't have, but I did, and it just doesn't feel right, not telling you, you know?"

"I think so," Bonnie said while her mind was processing what Sami was saying, and wondering why she was saying it. Did it mean that Sami's feelings for Bonnie were more than carnal and friendship?

"But, Sami?" Bonnie said, after a minute or so, "You've been with other girls since you and I have been, well you know, lovers; so why are you telling me about this one?"

"I don't really know, baby, but I do know that it's been eating at me slowly, that I've kept it from you; I don't why that is either, but it's there, nevertheless," Sami answered, feeling a bit teary; must that fucking Tequila, Sami thought as she 'sorta' sniffed back a tear.

"Sami, don't cry, baby, please don't cry," Bonnie said as she sat up quickly, and wrapped her arms around Sami, pulling Sami into her body to comfort.

"I'm sorry, Bonnie, it must be the Tequila; I don't know what's wrong with me," Sami said as she hugged Bonnie back.

"It's okay, baby, its okay," Bonnie said soothingly.

Neither said anything for a few minutes, content to be in each other's arms in that moment.

"Want to make it up to me?" Bonnie asked, breaking the silence of the room.

"More than you know," Sami replied, genuinely contrite and genuinely sorrowful, though not knowing really why she felt so.

"Take me to bed and make love to me, baby; make love to me like you know to do," Bonnie said, wanting Sami-girl to make love to her now; more than ever, she needed Sami to make love to her.

And Sami did exactly that, she brought Bonnie with her, to their bed; for the next three hours, Sami-girl made slow, delicious love to Bonnie Sue Madison, taking her time, making love to Bonnie as she had never done before.

And afterwards, after the sex was over, when all they had left were each other in embrace on the sex-wrecked bed, they both knew that a line had been crossed by them; and while neither of them voiced it, both of them knew it.

 __________________________