 Usually the first day of a new job feels like a whirlwind, but for newly promoted Olivia Wong, the first day was a hurricane.

She had taken a flight across the country with her famously strict boss and spent an uneventful night with her at a hotel. In the morning, after breakfast, they drove a rental car to their destination. 

Upper management at the corporation had been impressed with Olivia's incredible attention to detail and sharp eyes. A wizard with organization and corporate compliance, she was promoted at a relatively young age.

It was approximately 9 am on a Monday morning when they parked in the lot outside of the branch location. Both women wore nearly identical tailored suits: well-fitted jackets, pencil skirts and black pumps. Looking like typical white-collar workers at any upscale office, no one would have guessed that their jobs were more hands-on in nature.

"Ms. Wong, be sure to follow my lead," Genevieve said as a reminder. "Don't speak unless spoken to, and observe the manner in which I communicate."

Olivia liked the fact that her boss used last names when on the job. It made Olivia feel more important than she actually was. And considering the unconventional requirements of this particular job, she found it rather hilarious. 

She gulped. "I understand. Do you get nervous for these sorts of assignments?"

"No. I've been doing this for too many years to be nervous."

"You're a force of nature," Olivia pointed out, with awe in her voice.

Genevieve was unmoved. "The job involves following rules and corporate regulations. This branch will either be in full compliance, or not. Feelings are irrelevant."

"You make it sound so simple. But I'm excited."

"That's good. Be confident."

Olivia nodded. "I am."

In truth, she viewed Genevieve 's ironclad confidence as the mark of a successful businesswoman. Olivia also found Genevieve 's ruthlessness appealing, but it was certainly a double edged sword. Clearly, if Olivia was unable to meet the requirements of this job, she would be out of work.

SueDanymSecrets was a company known for high standards. Their lingerie and customer service were renowned for amazing quality. Produced in Europe, their pieces appealed to women who wanted to tempt their partners into wildly erotic moments.

The two women exited their rental car -- with Olivia holding a briefcase -- and they paused outside of the storefront. The window display was appropriately staged to showcase their products in a seductive, but classy manner. In exactly one hour, the store would open and the display would be bathed in bright lights.

Though the front door remained locked, the employees glanced through the window and saw that Genevieve had arrived for a surprise inspection. They scurried over, opened the door and welcomed the women to come in. To a former college bookworm like Olivia, she was impressed by the influence her boss wielded. This was a sign of true power. 

Olivia briefly scanned the store as they remained at the entrance. The walls and floor appeared spotless and the space was well lit. All the lingerie and undergarments were perfectly organized on each rack. On the surface, nothing was out of place. But she'd give a deeper review later, per guidelines. 

When the Manager came over to greet them with hugs and kisses, the amount of stature Genevieve possessed became even more obvious.

"Such a surprise to see you," Ms. Sinclaire gushed with her thick French accent. "May I get you two lovely ladies anything? Tea? Coffee?"

Genevieve barely cracked a smile. "No thank you. Since the store opens soon, we'll keep this brief."

"Of course, of course. I see you've brought a young companion today. An apprentice, perhaps?"

"Yes, I'd like you to meet Olivia Wong. She's a talented individual. One day, if everything goes well, she'll be my successor and in charge of quality control for North American territories."

Olivia blushed. "Pleasure to meet you."

"The pleasure is all mine," Ms. Sinclaire said, with great sincerity.

Genevieve reasserted herself. "Back to the inspection. We'll start by doing a cursory examination of the sales floor."

"Please do. As you can see, everything is in pristine condition and beautifully arranged."

"On the surface, yes. However, our inspection will be extra thorough today, since I'm training Ms. Wong on field work."

Overall, the employees seemed confident as the two women began their task. This was to be expected. The employees at SueDanymSecrets were known for their discipline and enthusiastic customer service. They hired people committed to giving shoppers the experience of a lifetime and the training program was rigorous. 

With a clipboard in hand, Olivia and her boss were escorted around the store, carefully scrutinizing the elegant undergarments on each rack and display table. For a surprise inspection, everything seemed flawless. She jotted down notes on her forms while the employees went back to work, preparing for their workday.

With employees like this, the job seemed easier than she ever could have imagined. Everyone was on top of their game. 

"I have to say," Genevieve opined, still eyeing the room. "You and your team have done outstanding work thus far."

Ms. Sinclaire acknowledged the compliment gracefully. "Merci. Coming from you, that is very high praise."

"Top marks so far. Upper management will be thrilled to read this report."

"This is our passion," Ms. Sinclaire smiled, gesturing to the rest of the team. "We all take our jobs seriously. These women are the best and it's an absolute joy to work alongside them."

"Speaking of these ladies," Genevieve said suggestively.

They all knew what came next. This was Olivia's first experience participating in an actual physical inspection of employees. This time, no mannequins or models were involved. 

This was a test of real life employees.

Ms. Sinclaire cocked her head in deference and smiled. "I'm assuming we will now focus on our staff."

"That's correct," Genevieve said professionally, while glancing at the immaculately dressed staff members. "I'd like to start with Stacey, the cashier. Then we'll work around to the rest of the staff."

"Of course."

With the easy part done, the women ventured over to the cashier, while Olivia kept her clipboard in hand, ready to take more notes.

"Stacey, how are you doing today?" Genevieve asked in an almost friendly manner.

"I'm doing well," Stacey gulped. "I hope we're up to the standards of SueDanymSecrets."

"So far, but we still need to individually assess the staff members. After reviewing your file, I see that you've only been with this store for a short while and this will be your first inspection. Is that correct?"

Stacey's eyes were wide as saucers as she nodded.

"Please relax; it shouldn't take long," Genevieve said. "May we see your fingers?"

"Yes, absolutely."

Olivia carefully appraised the cashier's manicure. This was a simple task, since it was the least awkward and intrusive part of the inspection. 

As expected, Stacey was well groomed and her fingernails were perfectly shaped. There was a fresh coating of red nail polish on each finger.

"I had them done yesterday," Stacey said proudly.

Genevieve nodded. "Yes, I can tell. They're very nice."

Olivia checked off boxes on the form attached to the nervous girl's profile.

The boss continued, "Your hair and make-up are perfect, as well. Moving on, we will be doing a more intimate inspection. Stacey, please pull down your panties and lift your skirt. Ms. Wong will examine your lower region for cleanliness and grooming."

Taking a deep breath, while looking like a deer in the headlights, Stacey slowly complied with the instructions. She shimmied until the form fitting skirt was bunched at her waist, revealing an exquisite black lace thong. After hesitating a moment, she hooked her thumbs into the waistband of the panties and lowered them to her ankles.

Olivia initially froze while watching the very attractive staff member expose herself on demand. Though she had spent countless hours running through this scenario in the training facility, it had not prepared her for the reality of staring at such a spectacle.

After several seconds, Genevieve gave the order. "Ms. Wong, proceed with your duties."

"Got it," Olivia breathed deeply before continuing. "Stacey, can you please turn around, place your hands on the counter and spread your legs?"

The skittish cashier followed instructions and parted her legs as much as possible, given that her panties remained at her ankles. However, she hadn't leaned over far enough to allow for a proper exam. 

After putting the clipboard down, Olivia carefully approached Stacey from behind and placed her hands on the girl's bare hips. 

Olivia tried to prepare the cashier. "You will now feel my hands on your buttocks."

She extended her right hand and made contact with Stacey's bare bottom. She couldn't help but notice that the fleshy globes were well formed and firm. Because it wasn't part of the official grading process, Olivia was surprised to find herself fixated on that detail. 

In fact, Olivia actually found Stacey quite attractive. She hadn't dated much in recent years. Getting ahead at work had been a priority and it came at the expense of her personal life. Was that why she was suddenly feeling a bit warm, she wondered?

Cupping her hand around the right cheek, Olivia stroked the smooth skin in a clockwise fashion. After completing several rotations, she moved onto the left buttock. Once again, the soft skin was flawless. She continued to caress the orb several seconds longer than necessary just because it felt so right.

"Stacey, you have passed this portion of the exam," Olivia said with a level of confidence she normally didn't possess. "Now, my hand will move lower and check your labia for compliance."

Lowering her hand, she swiped her fingers gingerly along the delicate appearing labia that concealed Stacey's vaginal opening and clitoris. Rushing through this part of the process, she rubbed her hand back and forth three times before moving away.

"Everything appears to be in order," Olivia announced happily.

She expected praise from her boss, but at this point, should have known better. Her boss had a reputation for being highly exacting.

Genevieve spoke brusquely. "Your exam was incomplete. Allow me to show you the proper way to inspect a sales associate." 

The mature professional stepped forward and took control of the process. Where Olivia had been gentle, Genevieve was more assertive. Boldly, her boss gripped Stacey's ass cheeks with both hands and pulled them apart to reveal every intimate crease of the anus and vagina. 

"Do you see the difference?" Genevieve said, holding the bottom wide open.

Olivia was wide-eyed at the gaping holes, courtesy of her boss's relentless and ruthless style. 

Not wanting to jeopardize her good standing with her superior, Olivia did as she was told and bent over to examine the exposed area.

"It looks fine," she assured her boss.

Genevieve huffed, "You can't be sure without getting closer. Squat down and use your hand to make sure everything is up to our standards. Also, no exam is complete until you smell the natural fragrance of your subject."

Struggling to maintain her professional veneer, Olivia sunk down to her knees and shuffled forward until she was almost touching the back of Stacey's legs. She then leaned forward.

Olivia looked closely at Stacey's anal opening and could understand why some people found it tempting. The asshole was beautiful in all its glory. She would definitely give it a flawless grade. 

Gingerly, she gave the cashier another rub, slower this time, from the anus down to the labia.

One thing remained and Olivia breathed deeply, with her face close to Stacey's ass and vagina. Immediately, she was drawn to the earthy smell that was both pleasant and alluring.

Looking up at her boss, Olivia nodded and said, "Everything is in perfect order. I can say with complete certainty that Stacey is a fine example of someone this company wants representing their brand."

"I'm pleased to hear that," Genevieve said, who then checked her gold wristwatch while shaking her head. "Unfortunately, I've miscalculated the amount of time this would take. I normally finish quickly, but the training aspect has been more time consuming than expected. It's my fault."

"Should we continue during the lunch break, or come back tomorrow?" 

Genevieve scoffed at the idea. "I've never postponed anything. We'll have to do everybody at once."

Olivia's eyes widened and she felt a pulsing between her legs. This was about to go nuclear in terms of sex appeal. Looking around the room, the employees seemed to have the same reaction, as they all stood a little straighter while also clenching their thighs.

Appearing stern, Genevieve gave a direct command. "I'm initiating protocol 530-B, in accordance with the employment manual. Full body inspections will begin immediately. We have 30 minutes before this store is scheduled to open and I never miss a deadline. Let's begin." 

It looked like something from a wet dream as the small group of employees formed a line and methodically undressed. After removing each an article of clothing, they took the time to neatly fold their garments and place them on the nearby countertop. It was an amazing show of military precision.

Olivia realized this batch of women were accustomed to these practices. Watching them unveil their intimate areas without shame was simply spellbinding. By the time their breasts and hairless vaginas were completely exposed, Olivia's pussy had turned into a sopping mess. 

Standing at attention in a straight line, their nipples hardened as they kept their hands down and chests pointed forward. The room was standard temperature, so the reaction must have been from their own arousal. The women were of all adult ages, shapes, colors, and sizes. But what they shared was a strong commitment to discipline when it came to personal hygiene and style. At a glance, they all met the high expectations of the corporate brand.

Completely transfixed by the beautiful nude display, Olivia felt a tap on her shoulder. Turning, she saw a rather impatient Genevieve pointing at her watch. 

"Ms. Wong, the clock is ticking," Genevieve said, imperiously. "Are you feeling well? You seem a bit indecisive."

Olivia replied with a sense of calm. "I'm fine and ready to wrap up this inspection."

"Excellent. Time is of the essence and I'm eager to see you handle this situation."

Having observed the workers boldly present themselves in the most revealing way, Olivia felt honor bound to perform her service efficiently. These women were the real stars of the company and deserved her best effort.

Drawing upon her innate talent for organization, Olivia did a quick mental calculation and determined the best way to rapidly examine the women without sacrificing quality.

Olivia rose to the occasion. "Okay ladies, your cooperation will be greatly appreciated. To begin, I'll make a first pass along this line to examine the moisture and cleanliness of your skin, hands and hair. Then as a group, you will all turn around, bend forward, spread your own cheeks and present yourself to me. Understood?"

Murmurs of approval went through the line as the women raised their arms, clasping their hands behind their heads. Olivia was impressed with the diversity of the workers as she began her mission. No two women looked alike, although they were all physically stunning.

At the beginning of the line, Olivia faced the olive toned woman. She briefly scanned her impeccable make-up and hairstyle before moving to her underarms. Raising both hands, she lightly checked for hair. Finding none, she stepped back and looked at the woman's pendulous breasts. There were no surprises and so she moved on to the next woman, who was tall, lithe and blond. 

The process was repeated until every woman in the store had passed that portion of the exam. The most challenging part still lay ahead, but Olivia sighed in relief, realizing she was halfway done.

Like a platoon leader, Olivia spoke firmly. "Okay ladies, turn around and spread your legs. The easier we complete this round, the faster we'll finish."

To her great delight, Stacey spoke up in an attempt to help. "If you would all just squat a bit, that might help Olivia see your pussies more clearly."

While lesser women might have staged a mutiny, these employees were superior in every way. Moving as one unit, the line turned and bent forward. Each pair of hands grabbed the matching buttocks and pulled. Last but not least, they crouched a bit, which made their pussies more accessible. 

Finally feeling like she hit her groove, Olivia again started at the beginning of the line. Both hands dove between the legs of the first woman, and while moving like windshield wipers, they performed an efficient quality check. Then she tweaked and poked as needed, to be sure the worker's pussy and asshole were perfect. Lastly, Olivia bent forward and sniffed in the unique aroma of the employee. 

Satisfied, she moved on and repeated the exam, gaining confidence with every woman. To her shock, many women were quite moist between their legs. Quite frankly, Olivia was honored by that. By the end of the line, she was a bit light headed, but feeling triumphant.

"They've passed the physicals," Olivia announced to her boss with a touch of pride.

Genevieve gazed sharply and nodded. "Fast, efficient, and precise. I like that. Now for a random inspection on customer service. Will the two newest employees please come forward?" 

Taking a step back, Olivia watched her boss approach the line up of naked employees. On cue, two women stepped forward from the pack.

Genevieve briefly looked up and down the two newbies with an appraising eye. The consummate professional, she had studied their profiles in advance and memorized their names. 

"Ah, Britney. You've been a saleswoman for approximately 6 months," Genevieve commented in a firm tone.

Britney's entire body blushed and her pink nipples hardened at the woman's brusque manner.

"Yes, correct," the young saleswoman confirmed.

"At SueDanymSecrets our saleswomen need to do more than look appealing. You are responsible for making customers feel sexy. That's always been our true objective. If a woman feels sexy, she wants to dress the part. It's a very simple philosophy, don't you think?"

"I agree wholeheartedly," Britney replied. "I've done my best to make customers feel at ease when trying some of our more revealing items."

"Do you masturbate often?" Genevieve asked curtly.

"I do," she replied without hesitation.

"Have you ever fingered a client to orgasm?"

The saleswoman gulped. "I've helped set them at ease ... in accordance with guidelines... if that's what you mean."

"Let me ask again, have you ever offered your fingers to a nervous client's pussy?"

"Yes... ummm... I have."

The boss wore a skeptical look. Outwardly, this store could rival any fine lingerie retailer in the world. Their success was due to the high level of standards they followed. Compliance must be strict or the brand's reputation would falter.

Genevieve lifted the front of her own skirt. "Britney, I want you to put your hand inside my panties and make me cum. Finger me. You have approximately 2 minutes to complete this task. Failure to do so may result in disciplinary actions."

Standing only a few feet away, Olivia was in a state of shock as the scene unfolded before her eyes. Her strict boss's panties were see-through, allowing everyone a glimpse of her labia. This was like a sexual game of chess between corporate management and the hard working employees. Who would break first? It would never be Genevieve.
