 Dedicated to my my very hot, sexy cyber slut lover, the luscious Amber! I drive out of the airport and call you on my cell, 

"Hi sexy little bitch I'm here safe and sound!" I laugh into the phone. 

"Mmmm hi lover, want me to meet you over at your hotel?" you whisper. 

"No, I'm coming to see you right now. Give me directions from the airport." 

"Nooo, you can't come over. What if hubby comes home? Remember you are my secret slut!" 

"Ahhh, you're no fun...I'll just stop by quickly. Tell him I'm your Avon lady dropping off your special delivery. Hee hehe." 

"Ok, well that might work. So baby, tell me what are you wearing for me? Mmm something sexy I hope." 

"Of course, you little slut. But it's a surprise. I'm already wet thinking about the fun we're going to have together today. When I was sleeping on the plane, I know I was having wet dreams and probably was moaning your name in my sleep." 

"Get your ass over here now, baby mmmm," you order into the phone. 

You give me directions to your place. As I drive, I think about how hot it's going to be with us again. This would be our second hot liaison together. The first time we fucked each other madly. It was so intense and sexual. I remember how you tasted...hot, musky and tangy sweet as you exploded all over my hungry mouth. I am a very sexual and sensual woman as it is, but with you it was almost animalistic. 

Just talking to you on the phone made my pussy gush with anticipation. I pushed my hand under my skirt and rubbed my mound. I could feel the dampness on my crotch and pushed my palm harder into myself. I moaned thinking of your hands rubbing and fondling my pussy. 

I finally found your house. I pulled into the driveway and you rushed outside to greet me. I wanted to kiss you right there on the spot. 

You grabbed my hand and whispered, "No someone might see. Come into the house!" 

We went into the house and you pulled me to you and kissed me like a bitch in heat. I moaned as your tongue swirled and danced around mine. I sucked on your bottom lip as my hands wandered to your chest. 

"Mmm I've missed this and your hot, sexy luscious body," I groaned against your ear. 

We both were the same height so we fit perfectly together. I wrapped my hands around your neck and pushed my body hard against you. 

"So sweetie, do you like the sexy outfit I picked out for you?" I whispered. 

You pushed me back and told me to turn around. I took my time turning around, bending over slightly to wiggle my ass in your direction. 

I was wearing a tight black short skirt with two small slits up the side and a tight cranberry-colored sleeveless tank with a keyhole neckline. The tank hugged my tits perfectly and the skirt showed off the curves of my hips and tight round ass. 

My sexy toned legs looked yummy and I was wearing high black strappy sandals. I looked very fuckable and sexy. My dark brown hair fell loosely in soft waves around my face and my make up was perfect--not too much, not too little--my pouty lips covered in a dark red-brown lipstick. I was smearing my lipstick all over your mouth as we kissed. 

You were looking very hot yourself...a tight cute faded denim skirt that hung low and hugged your cute little body perfectly, high fuck me sandals, and a very tight v-neck black top that showed off your stomach and gave me a nice shot of your sexy cleavage. 

"Mmm you look so hot baby...mmmm." I whispered kissing your neck. 

"Gawdddd you are making me so wet, T. We need to get over to the hotel and fast!" 

"Not yet my sexy slut. I am going to tease the hell out of you before we get there." 

I reach up and start massaging your sexy tits through your top, running my thumbs over your rock hard nipples, pinching them through the material, pulling at them. 

"You little cunt tease," you moan as our lips lock together, fucking your mouth with my tongue. 

"Mmm love feeling those hard nipples. Your pussy is soaking wet isn't it? You're one hot bitch right now, aren't you slut?" 

You look into my eyes. My sexy blue eyes are on fire and I have that "just fuck me" look in my eyes. 

"Damn girl, you are driving me insane with your hands and tongue. You really need to fuck me now, baby!" 

"Ok, get your ass in the car. But remember you have to do exactly what I say --deal?" 

"Whatever you want, baby...I'm your hot, little cum slut today. I'll be as nasty as you want." 

You give me directions that will take me the long way to the hotel. As we stop at the first busy intersection, I give you your first order of business. 

"Ok, baby hike up your skirt, let me see those soaking wet panties--but remember no touching." 

"You teasing bitch," you laugh as you slowly hike up your skirt and scoot down, spreading your legs wider for me. 

I look over to see your skirt almost around your waist...you're wearing a sheer see through white thong for me. There's a huge wet spot in the middle of your crotch. I can see your shaved, plump pussy lips through the outline of your panties. 

"Yummy baby. Your cunt looks delicious. So wet and ready for me. Mmmm." I moan softly as I take in the sight before me. 

I reach over and trace my fingernails around the edge of your panties, pressing one finger into your full, hot mound. I tease you....running my fingers in circles around your damp panties. 

"Mmmm you are so fucking hot aren't you? I made you soooo wet didn't I you little slut?" I continue teasing you. 

You are moaning, eyes closed, legs open wide for me. 

"You are going to make me cum in the car if you keep that up." 

The light changes and I take my hand away and laugh. 

"Push your skirt down, you hot little tramp. I'll be making you cum very soon." 

Now it's your turn to be a little teasing slut. You smile at me and reach your hand over, trying to work your hand under my skirt. My breath catches as I feel you pushing up my skirt as I try to drive. 

"You little bitch. You're going to get us into an accident. Mmm but that feels so hot baby." I help you push my skirt up. 

I am wearing a tiny red sheer thong and the crotch is soaked through with my juices. My shaved lips are prominent and full and my clit feels like it's poking through the material. You push your finger into the sopping wet crotch and I groan. 

"Oh your finger feels so good. I'm soaking wet for you. I'm your hot wet cunt slut baby. Mmmmm." 

You continue to tease my hot hole through my panties running your fingers over my swelling clit, and pressing your palm into my mound. 

"Stop baby. You're going to make me cum. I don't want to crash the car hon. Damn it feels good though." I moan as you continue to tease my pussy a little more then you slide my skirt back down. 

We are both such hot little bitches in heat and it's going to be one hot fuck session when we get into the hotel. 

We finally make it to the hotel and check in. We have a lovely room on one of the top floors overlooking the city. The perfect room with high floor-to-ceiling windows and a huge king sized bed. We drop our bags on the floor and I turn around and lock the door. I grab you and push you back into the door. 

"You're so fucking hot Amber. I'm going to eat that sexy hot juicy cunt that was flowing for me in the car. Finally baby. I'm going to make you explode." 

I get on my knees and grab one of your legs and position it over my shoulder. I push your skirt around your waist and just bury my face in your wet crotch. 

"God you smell so good. Such a bitch in heat aren't you honey?" you groan as you watch me. 

I push your leg up a little higher over my shoulder so you're wide open. I lap at your wetness through your panties teasing the hell out of you. I can feel your clit swelling and just dance my tongue around it through the material. Your panties are a soaking wet mess and I suck as much of your juice from them as I can. 

"Mmm my sweet wet juicy little slutty girl is soooo wet for her sexy lover isn't she?" I croon as I feel you pushing your cunt into my face. 

"Oh you hot bitch. Eat my sloppy wet cunt. You know I need you to eat me hard baby!! Please now!!" You are begging me. You push your hand down and try to take off your panties. I push your hand back. 

"Not yet you hungry slutty bitch. You promised to be a good little slut. I'm going to tease you so hard so when you cum you are going to squirt all over me and scream my name over and over, ok baby?" 

I push your wet panties to one side and begin describing what your pussy looks like. 

"Mmm such a hot juicy cunt. I love those full meaty pussy lips. They are so perfect for sucking, and mmm look at your hot juicy pink folds-you are swollen and ready, baby and so slutty looking--mmmm delicious--and look at all that juice just flowing out of you--dripping down your thighs. 

"You're so wet for your lover? You want me soooo badly don't you slutty girl? Mmm your clitty is so big and that pink nub looks so hard, so swollen, like a mini-penis. You're so aroused--never saw such a big clit before--I love it--perfect for sucking and licking." 

You are rocking your hips trying to push your cunt into my face. I'm mere inches away from you. 

"You bitch, you're going to make me cum from your description alone," you whimper as you push your tits together playing with them for me. 

I smile wickedly, "That's my intention baby. I told you I'm going to tease the hell out of you today." 

I then release your leg and stand up from the floor. 

"Ok baby, it's time. Take off your clothes. I want to see you strip." 

I move back to the bed and lie back. I motion you to come closer so I can watch. I start pushing my tits together through my tank. 

You first take off your black top...revealing a sheer white lacy push up bra. You unsnap your bra and throw it to me. Your luscious tits look so sexy and your nipples are so long and rock hard. Perfect. 

You slowly turn around and push down your skirt showing off your cute ass--then from behind you slowly push down your wet thong. You turn around, standing naked in front of me...your pussy lips wet and swollen and your nipples rock hard. 

"Beautiful baby, now come here," I motion you over to me with my finger. 

I push down my skirt and pull off my tank--lying there only in a red push up bra and my soaking wet red panties. 

I spread my legs wide and I tease you by pulling back my panties revealing my juicy cunt. 

"Mmm Amber baby is that what you want? do you want this juicy sweet pussy? look at how hot you've made me!" I moan as I spread wider for you. 

"Oh fuck yessss I want you soooo badly!!" you crawl over to me on the bed. 

"Remember you have to listen to me, sweetie. This is what I want you to do. I want you to straddle me and grind that wet cunt into me with my wet panties on. It's a hot fantasy of mine==have never had my pussy rubbed with my wet sticky panties on..mmmm yum." 

"Whatever you want slutty cunt, I'm your little hot bitch--I want to please you anyway I can, lover," you groan against my ear licking and sucking my earlobe. 

"Then straddle me Amber, and fuck the shit out of my pussy. I want your pussy to make a mess on my sopping panties--mm that's sooo nasty, so kinky!" 

You straddle my stomach, moving down to push your juicy cunt into my sticky panties. I moan wildly as I buck my hips up to meet your hot cunt. 

"Baby you are steaming, I can feel your heat and wetness through those panties. mmmmm yum!" 

"Amber, fuck me hard. I need that right now-show me how much you want me-pleaseeee!" I bring my hands up to your sexy tits and pinch and pull on your hard nipples, twisting them. 

"You drive me wild. I'm going to fuck you so hard...I want you sooooo much--fuck you drive me insane!!" you push your pussy harder into me. 

"Talk like a nasty, slutty girl. Tell me how you want to fuck me baby...I'm your hot creamy cunt slut...pleaseee mmmm!" I beg you to talk really slutty and nasty to me. 

"Mmm you are such a slut. Such a hot bitch. Oh I want to do many nasty things to your hot cunt baby....mmmm," you smash your pussy harder into my wet juicy panties. 

"I want us to fuck each other with a double dildo...a nice fat toy slamming into our hot juicy cunts...watching each other act like such nasty hot bitches....playing with each other clits, rubbing hard...cumming all over that big toy..juices running out of us...yessss you'd look so hot doing that!" you whisper in my ear as you grind your sexy cunt all over me. 

"Or maybe I'd eat your tight cute asshole, licking out the sticky juices flowing into your crack....pushing my tongue inside you...maybe I'd be really nasty and use some anal beads as I licked your creamy cunt...pulling them out one by one...then licking your sweet tight bud again." 

"Oh fuck yes, Amber..you nasty slut..we are on the same slutty wavelength...I LOVE THAT!" I moan as I push harder into you...grinding back into your sopping cunt. 

"Shit I can't take this...take off those panties..want to feel your sloppy pussy all over mine...now!" you order me...you get off me and help me take off my panties. 

"Oh Amber, you hot bitch, get over and grind that cunt into mine...want to feel us clit to clit...rub that clit all over me...push it inside me..yes babyyyy!" I spread my juicy pink folds wide open for you...my creamy juices leaking out of me now. 

"Yesss...what a beautiful sexy hot cunt...I can't get enought of it..mmmm....going to fuck you sooo hard!!" you straddle me pushing your cunt into my naked pussy..mmmm yummmm! 

"mmmm AMBERRRRR yesssss...don't stop baby...make me yours....let's cum together...let's scream our names soooo loud...fuck the shit out of me...need it soooo bad!!" I reach around and grab your ass pushing you harder into me. 

"You hot slutty bitch...mmmm you need to get fucked hard by me don't you? mmmm I think your hot cunt needs to be fucked by my big strap on...maybe I'd push you down from behind and fuck you doggy...or maybe you'd like to ride that big cock...making your clit swell so big for me...you hot nasty slut mmmm!" 

"That's it, Amberrrrr," I am going crazy as you push your cunt harder into my steamy juicy cunt, "oh fuck baby I need you to eat me--NOW!" 

"Me too lover--let's get into a 69 and eat each other's juicy creamy pussy holes mmmm, how does that sound?" 

We move into a hot 69 and we attack each other's pussies...slurping and moaning...finding each other's swollen clits...so sloppy wet for each other...soooo fucking close to cumming and squirting our hot juice all over each other...we push our tongues inside each other...tongue fucking hard...I find your tight bud with my finger and you mirror my actions...your finger finds my tight asshole and we penetrate each other at the same time...perfect!! 

"Amber baby, eat my sloppy cunt..that's it...oh shit, finger fuck my ass mmmm yessss!" I'm thrashing around...pushing my ass back into your face as I suck hard on your clit, pushing my finger in and out of your tight, cute ass. 

"Baby, slutty lover that's it..eat my nasty sloppy cunt hole...all for you baby...and love how you finger fuck my ass..do it harder baby..give it to me NOW!" 

We continue to moan and groan...eating each other's cunts and finger fucking our asses hard. 

So close to coming for each other..."Baby cum with me Amber...let's scream together...pleaseeeee!" 

I suck hard on your clit as you suck hard on mine...we both lose it at the same time... 

"FUCKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK MEEE I'm cummingggggggggggggggggggggg all over you baby...nowwww cum with me!" you scream sooooo loud and your pussy convulses at the same time I start to cum for you. 

"Ohhh AMBERRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR fuck me baby....yes I'm cumming....so hard for you...so hard all over your face...suck that cunt...eat meeeeeeee AMBERRRRRRRRR!" my body shoots off and I spray so much creamy juice all over your face...thrashing and moaning on the bed, feeling your finger drive into my ass...I'm whimpering your name...as you spray so much juice all over my face, coating my tongue and lips...can't get enough....fuckkkk yesssss!! I moan....lapping and gulping down your sweet, tangy cum...we can't stop cumming...moaning, sighing...finally our bodies come back to Earth and I lick the inside of your thighs...tasting all your cum, licking it off your body. 

We move out of the 69 and crawl next to each other...kissing more gently, tasting our juices on each other lips and face...yum. We tease each other's rock hard nipples and kiss sexily...moaning against each other. 

"Mmmm that was a very nice round 1...do you know what I want to do for Round 2?" I laugh and suck on your lips. 

"I want to fuck those sexy tits with this sopping warm pussy...mmmm think you can handle that you little slut?" I tweak your nipple hard. 

"Yesss baby, I want you so much--let's just fuck each 

other brain's out all day and night. Let's be such nasty sluts together!" 

Mmmmm I love that idea.... 

Stay tuned for Part 2.