 The girls had pegged the end of November to leave, again, their jobs at Bonnie's father's station; and the thirty days absolutely flew by, they thought. Jill became a frequent visitor to the girls' apartment in those thirty days; her job as a rehab therapist gave her a certain amount of flexibility with her hours and she would often call at the last minute to see about hooking up.

Bonnie and Sami were always ready for an opportunity to 'hook up' with Jill; the three of them shared many delightful orgasms during that month of November.

Sami had finally contacted T and Jena after Katrina; T would be returning to school for the spring semester, as would Bonnie and Sami. Jena would be returning as well, but her husband would be staying in D.C. with Georgetown University. Their plan was for Jena to rejoin him in D.C., permanently, after the spring and summer semesters.

Sami and Bonnie had talked with school officials, finally, and all was set for them to return to room 204 as roomies, and to finally get back to classes for spring.

Sami talked with coach and he wanted her at school, as well as all of her teammates, a week ahead of opening so that they could get some practices in.

Marcia had reached Sami back in October, relieved that Sami hadn't been in the City when Katrina came through. Marcia said she'd be returning after the Holidays and that she'd call Sami then.

All in all, it looked promising for the girls as the Holidays were approaching and the spring semester, not far behind.

There was, yet, another going away party thrown for them by the station; the difference was that after this one, they joined AJ at her home for a goodbye party of their own, just the three of them.

Their last night in the apartment in Memphis was for just the two of them, however, no one else invited to the party, neither wanting or needing a third with them that night.

Half-sitting against the bed's headboard, Bonnie held Sami to her body, her breasts pressing against Sami's back and her arms around Sami's body. She had her chin resting on the top of Sami's head, and her fingers played with Sami's breasts; both lay languidly in repose like that for quite a while, before Bonnie broke the silence of their love chamber.

"I am so looking forward to getting back to our room at school," Bonnie said, off-handedly.

"Yeah, me too, baby, me too," Sami replied.

"Sami?"

"Yeah, baby?"

"I love you."

"I love you too, sugar."

"No, I mean I love you; I love you like wanting to have your babies kind of love," Bonnie clarified.

Sami thought about that for a bit, and then tilting her head back so that she could look into Bonnie's eyes, she replied.

"Baby, I love you too," Sami said with all of heart, and meaning it, "but, you also need to know that I can't promise you monogamy; no matter how much I might want to, it doesn't seem to be in my DNA."

"I'm not asking you to, Sami; I'm like you, baby, I've enjoy the playmates we've shared, and I don't want that to change."

"I don't either, sweetie, but outside of sharing someone with you, what I'm talking about is simply this; if my horny motor gets running because of a chick, or a situation, I can't promise that I wouldn't jump into bed with her. I know I'm a pussy whore, and maybe one day, I'll find myself not being that, but, no matter what, I still love you,." 

"I can live with you being that way, and it's a two-way street, right?" Bonnie laughingly said, "But when it's just you and me, when it's just the two of us, I love that more than anything in the world."

"Me too, baby, me too," Sami said, and Bonnie knew by the look in Sami's eyes that she did indeed love Ms. Bonnie Sue Madison, and Bonnie was as happy as she had ever been in life.

_________________________________________

Bonnie dropped Sami at home in Jackson, and stayed for the night, as welcomed to Sami's home as if she were another child of her parents. Leaving the next day, they spent the Holidays apart, which made them both ache with loneliness for the other.

Bonnie went out with Roy a couple of times, socially, and even thought about fucking him once; but, at the end of the day, she missed cock less and less, and craved pussy, more and more.

Sami and Charlene hooked up a couple of times over the holidays and while it was good for them both, they both knew they were mere substitutes for Bonnie and Debbie with each other. They knew and accepted the fact that is was pure physical release. 

That was okay, that was cool for them; they played no games with each other, ever.

But nothing prepared either of them for what they saw when they returned to New Orleans for the spring semester, and both were a bit depressed for the first couple of weeks because of what New Orleans, post-Katrina, was; but neither could wallow in it because of school, which, in hindsight, was a God-send for them both.

Slowly, school once again became their total focus.

The two of them, Bonnie and Sami, were a couple now, the signs so obvious to the world. They probably didn't see it themselves, but even if they had, they wouldn't have altered their behavior with each other, towards each other. 

They weren't ashamed of their love for each other but both thought it best that it be kept private, neither wanting to 'flaunt it' in the faces of their dorm-mates.

Of course, it probably didn't help that one of them forgot to lock their door that one Friday afternoon...

They both heard the doorknob turn and both froze, in situ, as it were. They were under the sheet in Sami's bed, sort of, with Sami's back to the door, her bare, naked back and a wee bit of her very fine ass. She was kissing Bonnie, when she heard the door opened, she froze with her hand full of Bonnie's naked breast.

There was silence for about a nano-second, followed by an "Oops, sorry, so damned sorry..." followed by the sound of the door closing quickly.

Sami quickly jumped up and locked their door, turning afterwards, to face her bed and her naked Bonnie.

"Shit, Bonnie, I'm sorry; I didn't think to check the lock," Sami said with her eyes squeezed shut.

"Not your fault, Sami; I was the last one into the room and I don't remember if I locked it or not," Bonnie admitted.

"Any idea who it was?" Bonnie asked.

"Not a fucking clue, my back was to the door," Sami replied as she chewed on her lower lip, a habit for her, when deep in thought.

"You know," Sami said, "they couldn't really see your face, and only a bit of your boob, so they might not know it was you."

"Don't care if they do," Bonnie said, "fuck 'em, it's our life."

"Yeah, but still..."

"But still, nothing," Bonnie replied, a bit angry now, "I'll fuck you on the quad, I don't care who knows."

"Not smart, baby; remember, you still have to deal with your 'sisters'," referring to Bonnie's Sorority Sisters at the house.

Bonnie thought about that for a minute and lying back down on Sami's bed, she held out her arms to Sami, who was still standing by the door.

"Then let's pretend we're on the quad and come finish what we started, at least," Bonnie said.

When Sami left for her shift at The Grille, after the incident, she was sure that a couple of dorm residents she passed, in the hall, snickered a bit when she passed them.

"Fuck 'em," She said to the empty stairwell.

__________________________________

They noticed the snickering sidelong glances from a few of their floor-mates after that afternoon's incident over the next few weeks. Of course they did, girls always noticed crap like that, even without the added onus of being lovers.

For Bonnie, she rather liked it; she rather liked being looked upon as something other than a Southern Princess as she had been in high school and before she found herself in love, totally and completely in love, with her roommate.

For Sami, she didn't really pay particular attention to what her peers thought, ever; she had endured those questioning looks before, when it was 'suspected' that she might be a bit queer by some of her high school classmates. 

Hypocritical bitches, thought Sami when she remembered those moments in high school; they talked behind her back but there was a couple of her teammates in high school who gladly went on night drives with Sami. They weren't so quick to condemn Sami on those nights when they parked in the woods and allowed Sami, no, begged Sami to love them; no, those nights, they weren't critical at all.

And when they passed each other in the hallway of their high school the day after they had made out with Sami in the woods, those same girls would give Sami a quick, side-long glance as they passed, but not much more. 

That was alright, Sami felt in those moments, they'd be back; they always came back, and when they did, Sami made them beg for release before she'd let them climax.

And they always begged, always.

Sami had brought her high school annuals with her back to school that spring semester after Katrina, not sure at all why she had done so, but they were on her bookshelf, nevertheless.

Returning to their room after classes one afternoon, Sami found Bonnie thumbing lazily through her senior year's book while lying on her bed, on Sami's bed, not her own, lying in her bra and panties.

"Hey baby," Bonnie said when Sami walked into their room, "gotta' kiss for momma?"

"You know I do," Sami replied with a smile and bending down, she and Bonnie exchanged a lover's kiss.

Laying her books on her desk, Sami noticed that it was her annual that Bonnie was looking through, and asked if Bonnie was looking for something in particular.

"No, just looking," Bonnie lazily replied as she stretched with her arms over her head, "just looking for pictures of my baby," smiling when she said it.

Bonnie had found plenty of pictures of Sami in action when she thumbed through the athletic portion of the annual, the bulk of which, of course, displaying the boys' sports; but with Sami's high school volleyball squad taking the state title for three of the four years of high school, there were several pictures of her Sami-girl in action.

"Did you always wear your hair that way?" Bonnie asked, pointing to a picture of Sami frozen in mid-air as she spiked a ball across a net, her long, blond ponytail flying in midair behind her head.

"Nah, just for games and practices," Sami answered as she slipped out of her jeans and shirt, changing into shorts and a tee, "other than that, I wore it loose like I do now.

Changing the subject, Bonnie asked, "So, are you ever going to show me which teacher it was that you had your thing with?"

Sami had told Bonnie of her affair with a teacher, but not more than that, hardly anything, in retrospect. What the hell, Sami thought, what can it hurt and flipping the annual to the staff photos, Sami pointed out Bev to Bonnie.

"She's attractive, Sami, but she reminds me of someone, I think..." Bonnie commented, returning to study Bev's photo once more.

"Damn, I can't put my finger on it, but she definitely reminds me of someone," Bonnie pressed.

"Ever watch the Sopranos?" Sami asked Bonnie.

"Yeah, why?" Bonnie responded.

"Remember the woman shrink that Tony was seeing, the brunette? Well, that's who Bev reminds me of, before the actress put on weight towards the end of her role" Sami volunteered.

Looking back at Bev's picture again, Bonnie slowly nodded her head, seeing the resemblance now.

"Yeah, I think you're right, I can see that, now that you mention it," Bonnie agreed.

"Well, I'll see you later, sweetie," Bonnie said as she rose from the bed, "I've got a Sorority meeting to drag my ass to."

Pulling Bonnie down into her arms, Sami kissed Bonnie, sliding her tongue into Bonnie's opened mouth while her hand slipped between Bonnie's legs, slowly stroking her smooth skin.

"Got time for a little fooling around?' Sami asked when she broke the kiss.

"Oh, baby you know I'd like nothing better, but I really am late and I'm the fucking secretary and all," Bonnie sadly replied, "But, I'll make it up to you when I get back, I promise I will."

Bonnie quickly dressed into a top and a pair of shorts, and turning towards Sami, who was stretched out on her bed and had been watching Bonnie dress, "Keep the thought, baby, and we'll play when I get back," blowing Sami a kiss afterwards.

"Bring me something sweet back with you," Sami said as Bonnie reached for the door handle, "you know; a tart or something like that, okay?" Bonnie's 'house' always had snacks and crap for the members when they had meetings.

"A tart; you want me to bring you a tart?" Bonnie repeated, "sure, blonde, brunette, redhead, which?" Bonnie teased.

"Surprise me," Sami teased back, then blowing Bonnie an air kiss.

_______________________________

Bonnie was teasing when she made the crack about bringing Sami a 'real' tart, but the joke, it turned out, would be on her.

The meeting was short, thankfully, thought Bonnie as she helped with the clean up and all. Susan was working with her, helping her with the tasks; Bonnie thought that strange since she and Susan didn't really interact all that much, except for being officers of the Sorority. That night, though, Bonnie had noticed that Susan seemed to look at her more than usual, and Bonnie thought that strange as well.

"Bonnie, have you got a few minutes to talk about some things before you leave?" Susan asked as she swept crumbs from the table cloth into a waste basket.

"Yeah, I suppose, why, what's up?" Bonnie answered as she dumped the crumbs from the serving tray.

"It'd be better if we talked in my room," Susan said, a bit mysteriously, thought Bonnie.

Bonnie heard the lock snap into place when Susan closed the door behind her after they tramped upstairs to Susan's private bedroom; Susan was President of the Sorority and as such, she rated a private room.

"Bonnie, you know that my younger cousin lives in your dorm, right?" 

"No, didn't really know that," Bonnie truthfully replied, "but now that I do, I'll look her up."

"No need," Susan replied, walking towards Bonnie with a hint of a grin on her face as she started to slowly unbutton her blouse, "she already knows where your room is."

Susan's act of disrobing, in itself, didn't pop a flag up for Bonnie; hell, coeds dressed or undressed in front of each other all the time, nothing unusual about that.

"Really?" Bonnie asked, slightly confused about that remark, "how does she know where my room is? Have I met her?"

"She accidently walked in on you and your roommate a couple of weeks ago when she was delivering a message for me, to you, about the meeting," Susan said, her eyes on Bonnie's face when she said it, her blouse off of her body afterwards, leaving Susan standing in her shorts and bra, "and she called me to tell me."

Unsnapping her shorts and sliding them down her legs, Susan kept her eyes on Bonnie's face, adding, "she 'might' have mentioned it to her suite mates, but I don't know for sure about that. I did tell her to keep her fucking mouth shut, or I'd kick her ass."

Bonnie felt the blush rise from the chest, up her neck, and right to her face when she heard that bit of news, fumbling in her mind for some sort of response, or denial? She was still stumbling around in her mind when Susan unclasped her bra and let it drop to the floor, freeing her 36C 'girls'.

Susan just kept her eyes on Bonnie's, now-beet-red, face when she dropped her bra; Susan saw the quick flicker of interest at the sight of her naked breasts flash in Bonnie's eyes, and bringing her own hands up, she cupped her breasts in her hands, fondling them sensually.

"But, don't worry, you and I will keep this our little secret from the 'sisters', okay?" Susan said seductively, "I mean, after all, 'we' have to look out for each other, don't we? I mean, being officers and all," moving closer to Bonnie, her tongue running over her lips seductively as she continued to fondle her own breasts.

Bonnie wanted to run out of the room but, instead, stood transfixed by the sight of Susan's half-nakedness, and the specter of Susan's hands squeezing and caressing her own breasts. Bonnie knew that she should run, but knowing it and doing it? Well, that was two different things, wasn't it?

"So, my little secretary, the thing is that keeping this between just the two of us should be worth a reward of sorts, don't you think?" Susan brazenly said to a shocked Bonnie; shocked, but still watching Susan's hands intently.

Susan's eyes were on Bonnie's face the whole time, and she knew that Bonnie was hers for the taking, and Susan felt a sudden rush of adrenalin from the power, from the control she had of the situation.

"You can touch them you know," Susan said, and then reaching with her hand, she took Bonnie's hand in hers and placed it over her breast, squeezing slightly. "You can even suck them if you wish," Susan urged as she lifted her breasts up towards Bonnie.

Using her other hand, Susan placed it behind Bonnie's head and pulling gently while slowly rubbing her fingers through Bonnie's hair, she pulled Bonnie's head towards her chest, towards her hard nipples, her large, hard nipples.

Bonnie, despite her inner voices, allowed Susan to guide her head towards her breasts, finding it erotic, somehow, that Susan was controlling her, in a manner of speaking.

When Bonnie's lips brushed against Susan's nipple, Bonnie sucked it into her mouth, slowly, savoring it's hardness to her tongue, while raising her free hand to join its twin in the fondling of Susan's breasts. 

"Mmmm, that feels good, Bonnie, just like that, baby, yeah..." Susan murmured as she ran her fingers through Bonnie's hair, holding her head to her tits. 

And as Bonnie increased her oral attention to her breasts, Susan fumbled with Bonnie's top, and then, her shorts, getting them off of Bonnie with some help from Ms. Madison. 

Bonnie was now totally into the whole scene, biting Susan's nipples, squeezing her tits with desire and lust, her own crotch becoming damp from the play.

Pushing against Bonnie, Susan moved them to her bed, pushing Bonnie onto her back; then she lowered her tit to Bonnie's mouth once more while her hand slipped into Bonnie's panties and onto her pussy, her very damp pussy.

Squeezing, Susan separated Bonnie's nether-lips, finding Bonnie's swollen love-bud quickly, then massaging it slowly, squeezing it as well. Susan kissed Bonnie hard, slipping her tongue into Bonnie's mouth while fingering her, drawing moans from Bonnie's mouth as she sucked on Susan's tongue.

"Take off your bra and panties," Susan said quickly as she pulled her own panties from her body. As Bonnie undid her bra clasp, Susan pulled Bonnie's panties from her body, dropping to her knees quickly and burying her face between Bonnie's legs.

Susan was a noisy lover, thought Bonnie as she held onto Susan's head between her legs, but an excellent one, she thought as she moved her hips to grind against Susan's mouth and tongue. 

Moving quick and cat-like, Susan was up onto the bed and into a 69 position before Bonnie's orgasm could explode. Lowering her mouth and pussy to Bonnie' reclining body, the two 'sisters' took their time pleasuring each other for quite a while, neither tiring of the taste and smell of the sex between them.

And when she came, Bonnie pulled Susan's pussy hard against her mouth as she tried to stifle her scream of orgasm. And then there were two more, two more surprise orgasms that left her body shaking.

When Bonnie left Susan's room that night, she passed a couple of her 'sisters' who were talking, quietly, in the hall; they nodded to Bonnie but avoided looking at her, not looking into her eyes with theirs. 

Passing a full-length mirror at the end of the hallway, she could see for herself that she looked like she had just been fucked, and fucked hard.
