 I stared into the mirror, picking apart my every feature. I wasn't ugly...whenever I went out, guys would look my body up and down..so I knew I had a body they could appreciate. My hair was my favorite...light brown and streaked with blonde, and it fell in tight natural ringlets to my waist. My eyes were light grey and slanted slightly at the corners...I wasn't bad looking, my friends told me I was a babe...so why had Justin left me?

Wiping angrily at a tear that threatened to fall, I turned away from the mirror and flopped down on my bed. A picture of Justin and I last summer in New Orleans sat on the bedside table. He had both arms around me, with a wide grin on his face, his sky-blue eyes twinkling, and his silky black hair I loved so much mussed from the wind. In the corner he'd written "To my Angel with Love, Justin" in his scrawling script. Yeah apparently not enough, I thought bitterly to myself, and picked it up, hurling it at the door.

"Jeez girl you almost took off my damn head" Yelped my roommate Dahlia from the doorway. I'd nearly decapitated her, the heavy frame passing an inch from her face as she stepped into the bedroom.

I buried my face in my hands and cried. I felt her sit beside me on the bed and wrap her arms around me. "Angel, come on, don't cry..." I pushed her away and leaned back, hugging my pillow.

She sighed, and stood up, pacing around the room and raking her hands through her short black hair. "Angel..I have something to tell you..." she said quietly. Something in her voice made me look up, and for the first time I noticed her eyes were red and puffy, and her face was streaked with dry tears.

I sat up and pulled her down next to me. "What happened?" I asked, grabbing a tissue from my nightstand and dabbing at my eyes.

"Uh..well.." she said, picking invisible lint off of her baggy jeans. I raised my eyebrow at her and she looked away. "I know why Justin broke up with you.." she mumbled.

"What?" I asked, confused. Her face reddened, and she stared at the floor, the toe of her nike pushing into my thick black carpet.

She took a deep breath and looked at me. "Jason left you for Julia." She said, her eyes tearing up.

I felt a sudden hollowness in my chest, and felt the room start to spin...Justin had left me for JULIA!? Julia was not only Dahlia's girlfriend, but aside from Dahlia, my best friend. What the hell was this bullshit!

"Angel what am I gonna do?" she wailed, laying her head on my shoulder and burying her face in my neck. She was sobbing hard. I knew it had to hurt...I was torn up as hell over Justin, but Dahlia had gone through hell with her family as well as Julia's when they came out of the closet. We were still in high school at the time, and both sets of parents had refused to accept that they were lesbians and that they were seeing each other. It wasn't until two years later when we graduated and Dahlia and I had gotten our apartment that they were free to see each other.

Justin and I had only been dating for two years compared to their five...What the hell did he see in Julia anyway? She was GAY as far as we all knew, and she was the exact opposite of me. She was tall, with short mousy hair, brown eyes, acne and was about 30 pounds overweight. She was pretty, but so much unlike me.... I was so confused..

My own tears streamed down my cheeks as I absentmindedly stroked Dahlia's hair. She'd calmed a bit and was sniffling quietly in my arms. I held my best friend close, rocking her slowly back and forth, both of us in misery.

After awhile, she looked up at me, her green eyes moist with unshed tears. I gazed back at her, an odd feeling in my belly, unable to look away. I reached a finger out to brush the tears from her eyes and suddenly she was leaning up, her lips pressing ever so softly against mine. I pulled back slightly, shocked and a little bit confused. She looked up at me in shame and opened her mouth to apologize but it was too late. My mouth came down on hers slow and hard, my tongue sliding through her velvety lips, finding hers and teasing it gently.

She gave a low moan and wrapped her arms around me, and deepening the kiss. She sucked gently on my tongue, hers twining around mine. Her hands wandered down my body, caressing me sensuously through my clothes.

My hands slid down her sides, touching her silky skin. She gave a soft sigh, and settled me on my back, laying half on top of me. She kissed me slowly, then started a trail down my neck, licking and sucking gently at my skin. Moaning with pleasure I slipped my fingers under the elastic in her black bikini top and slipped it over her head. She smiled up at me, removing my T-shirt and then resuming her trail of kisses down my chest. She stopped at one breast, nipping at my already taut nipple, sending a spasm of pleasure through my entire body. Her fingers toyed with my other nipple, pinching and tugging as her tongue flicked over it's mate. She switched breasts, and I slid my fingers over her small perky breasts, teasing her nipples as she lapped at mine.

She slid slower, trailing down my belly with a light tongue stopping every few moments to suck and kiss, making me want more. She reached the waistline of my panties, sliding her tongue under it teasingly her hands roaming over my quivering abdomen, before deftly sliding them down my legs.

I gazed down at her, my mind and body filled with the most intense pleause I'd ever felt in my life. Her thickly lashed eyes gazed back, boring deep into my soul. She kissed my dripping slit softly and moved back up my body, ignoring my pleas for her not to stop.

She lay on top of me, kissing me so softly and sweetly, her tongue dancing in an erotic rhythm with mine. I slowly slid off her shorts, a thrill running through me when I saw she wore nothing beneath. I pulled her closer to me, my hands exploring every inch of her soft, silky body, kissing her with a fervor I'd never experienced before. Her smooth pussy ground into my neatly trimmed muff, sending wave after wave of pleasure through me. Her hands reached beneath me, cupping my ass and pulling me up against her, my clit rubbing against hers. She let out a small gasp at the same moment I felt myself tip over the edge. We clung to each other for a moment, kissing slowly and then she broke away.

She knelt between my legs, her fingertips trailing tenderly down my thighs. She smiled up at me, then dipped her head down and plunged her tongue into my hot, wet pussy. I called her name, my hands running over and over again through her hair. She purred happily as her tongue explored every inch of my throbbing cunt, sliding out to circle around my clit. She slid two fingers inside me thrusting in time with her tongue which was now swirling frantically around my clit. Overcome with the orgasm that was once again threatening to overtake me, I arched my hips, begging her for more. Her fingers delved into my hole, pressing on my g-spot and sending me flying over the edge again, screaming "Dahlia" at the top of my lungs. My pussy clenched around her fingers, a hot tingling sensation travelling from my convulsing cunt to my breasts, washing me in a glow of utter euphoria. Spent, we collapsed into each others arms.

She stroked my face gently with her fingertips, and kissed me softly. I rested my head in the hollow of her neck and dozed, content.

~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~

Act Two

A week had passed since my experience with Dahlia, and you could cut the tension with a knife. I loved her to death, she'd been my best friend since kindergarten, and she'd given me the best sex of my life.

I was still confused however..I'd never been attracted to any woman at all before, and I wanted her again. We were both still hurting from the way our respecive relationships had ended, and I think she was just as confused as I was as to what our relationship would become.

We hadn't really seen each other all week. I worked the nightshift, bartending at our favorite hangout, while she worked days at an insurance office. Friday was our only mutual day off and when I wandered into the kitchen that morning to find Dahlia sitting accross from Julia at the kitchen table.

My heart leapt into my throat and I felt a pang of jealousy. The bitch had dumped Dahlia, stealing my man in the process and here she was in my house talking to Dahlia again.

I poured myself a cup of coffee and sat down beside Dahlia, slamming the mug as I set it down. Julia jumped, then averted her eyes as I directed a dagger glare at her. "Hello slut" I said casually, taking a sip of coffee.

Dahlia turned her head trying to hide a giggle, and I felt a little better.

Julia's face reddened, and she glared at me. "I was having a private conversation with Dahlia if you don't mind." she snapped.

Okay that did it. I stood up and stared her down. "First of all, you cheat on Dahlia with MY MAN, and then have the nerve to come into MY HOUSE and tell me I am INTRUDING?" I leaned down close to her face and said calmly, "You've stolen my boyfriend, and you are nothing but a whore. Don't even think about disrespecting me further and telling me what I can or cannot do in MY home."

Dahlia yanked me back into my chair and leaned back. "Julia here was just begging for my forgiveness. It seems as if Justin ditched her cuz he's still in love with you."

That hit me hard for a moment, and then surprizingly I realized that I didn't give a damn. He cheated on me, and left me. He was done and in the past.

I leaned casually on Dahlia's chair. "Uh yeah. He cheats on me with THAT" I said rolling my eyes in Julia's direction, "Then expects me, or so I assume to forget because he LOVES me." Laughing I leaned over and planted a wet kiss on Dahlia's lips. "Sorry Julia, but I've moved on."

I smiled to myself as Julia's eyes widened in shock. The girl looked as if she'd just found out her mother died. Dahlia blinked, looking dazed and then grinned, kissing me back. "Yeah." she said, a note of finality in her voice. "Angel and I are dating now."

Julia stood up and ran out the door, as Dahlia and I collapsed into a fit of uncontrollable laughter.

We wiped our tears and sat in silence for a moment, then Dahlia turned to me. "I meant what I said Angel...I want to be with you." She blushed and ducked her head and I smiled, tipping her chin up with my fingers. "Dahlia..I want you too. You've been all I could think about all week."

I gently lifted her arms and slid off her nightshirt revealing her naked body. Breathing in her sweet scent, I let my lips roam over her breasts, kissing each one softly. She let out a deep, contented sigh and placed her hands on my shoulders, her fingers massaging gently. I slid slowly between her slender legs and slowly kissed around her outer lips. I'd never done this before, unsure of where to start, and the musky scent of her exposed pussy was driving me insane with lust. Moving on instinct, I slowly slid my tongue up and down her slit, causing her to squirm and wrap her legs around my shoulders. I slid it inside her tight hole, following with a finger and was pleased when she moaned my name. My other hand toyed with the soft skin around her clit as I slow-fucked her with my tongue. Her hips began to move, plunging my tongue into her deeply. Her cunt was so hot and she tasted so incredible that I never wanted to stop.

I slid another finger into her, exploring the sensitive skin inside her and moved my tongue to caress her throbbing clit. "Ohhhh Angel, baby" she moaned, leaning down and burying her face in my hair. Happy I was giving her pleasure, I formed my lips into an "o" shape and sucked her clit into my mouth, humming softly as my tongue swirled around it in time with my fingers that were still pumping in and out of her.

Suddenly her legs tightened around me, her fingernails digging into my shoulders and letting out a strangled, primal cry of pleaure. The muscles inside her pussy convulsed around my fingers as the cum gushed out of her. I eagerly licked it all up causing her to scream. She pushed me away and yelled "Don't stop Angel, please don't stop" which made me laugh and I stood and straddled her lap, kissing her deeply, wanting her to taste her sweet release on my lips.

We sat there awhile, talking quietly and kissing, discussing plans for the future. We'd been through alot in the past few weeks, but now I felt more content than I'd been for a long time.

To Be Continued...