 Chapter 1: Runaway

Krista Radziwicz looked up the darkening sky and bit her lower lip. Her windshield wipers were shot and any serious rain made her car completely unusable. She was driving the speed limit in her hand-me-down Chevy Cavalier and decided to put the pedal to the metal. She was only five miles from her destination: school. Krista was nearing the end of her first semester as a graduate student at a prestigious (and expensive) college. She'd graduated from college two years earlier with no idea what to do with the rest of her life. With the job market terrible, she decided to return to school and get an MBA, something that she might be able to get a job with later. Driving the same beat up car at 25 that she'd driven at 16 convinced her that while money couldn't buy happiness, it didn't hurt either.

Her rattling shaking little car was just starting to ratchet up to 75 when the downpour started. First there were a couple of thick rain drops that spattered onto the windshield. But it didn't take long for the rate to pick up. Krista turned on her windshield wipers and watched as they slid ineffectively through the rain. In a few seconds, the rain was so intense that she couldn't see more than a few feet ahead of her. She slowed now, trying to keep from losing control. Her heart was pounding in her chest and she cursed herself for being so cheap that she refused to buy windshield wiper blades.

Just when she was starting to think that she was going to have to come to a complete stop in the middle of the road, Krista suddenly realized that she was no longer being rained on. She noticed that it was darker as she came to a stop. She rolled down her windows and looked out of her car and was delighted to see that she had accidentally, but luckily, come to a stop underneath of a highway overpass. 8 lanes of traffic above her head preventing her from getting wet. She was relieved that she had a place to wait out the storm, even if it meant that she would be late for class. Professor Kincaide would understand, she knew what it was like to be a poor student.

Krista looked out at the rain on the far side of the bridge and saw it was still coming down hard, maybe even harder than before. She decided to get out of the middle of the road. She pulled the car over to the side of the road, where the concrete started to slope up to the top the embankment where it would meet the upper road bed. She pulled over and turned her car off. 

For a few minutes she just sat and looked forward, waiting impatiently for the rain to stop. Then, she though she saw something moving out of the corner of her eye. She turned and looked, but the passenger side window was still covered in rain. Curious, she leaned across the car and rolled down the window.  She looked up the embankment, at the very top, near just below the bridge, she saw a young girl sitting. Her arms were wrapped around her knees and she was staring down at the Cavalier. Krista a bit surprised, this wasn't a bridge in a city, and no one would be living underneath. She thought about it for a moment and realized that it was probably a hitchhiker that had been caught out in the rain and was hiding, like she was, under the bridge.

It was dark under the bridge but Krista could make the girl out. She looked to be a teenager with long, wet brown hair and pale skin. In her curled up position it was hard to tell how tall the girl was but her knees were a bit knobby and her legs were very thin. She looked very skinny. Even from the distance Krista could make out that the girl had very big brown eyes and pale, white skin. She was very pretty, but looked tired and wrung out. For a moment, Krista considered just ignoring the girl, it really wasn't her business. But then she heard the girl sneeze loudly and her heart wouldn't let her ignore her. Besides, this girl was obviously harmless.

"Excuse me...miss?!" Krista called loudly. She didn't know what else to say. The girls eyes flickered, but she seemed to be pretending she didn't hear Krista. Krista wondered if maybe the girl was scared of her, but she looked at herself in the rear view mirror and laughed at the idea of a street kid being afraid of her. Even at 25 she was very short at 5'1 and thin at 110lbs. She had short brown hair and a round face. Her Eastern European heritage was clear in her cheekbones and knowing brown eyes. Her body was compact, her breasts small but taut, her stomach flat and her legs thin and short. She looked like a teenage girl herself, not a master's student. And she was most assuredly not scary. Krista decided to try again, she leaned out the window, "hey, girl are you okay?" she asked. It sounded even weirder than miss but she was out of ideas. This time, the girl looked down at her.

"What?" the girl said. Her voice echoed under the bridge and it was clear the little runaway was trying to sound tougher than she was. At least that is what Krista could hear in her voice.

"It is cold and wet out here, I am going some place warm and dry. Do you need a lift?" she asked. She knew this was about the dumbest thing she'd ever offered, but her heart went out to this lonely, scared looking girl. The girl considered it for a moment. Then she got up and started to walk down the embankment towards Krista's car. The girl was taller than Krista, maybe 5'6 and was very slim, her breasts barely making a tent in her billowy t-shirt and her hips point angles.

"Why did you stop here? Did you see me go under here? Are you following me?" the girl said, Krista put her hands up and shook her head.

"No, no no," she said, "I was just stopping because my windshield wipers are bad." Krista didn't like feeling like a predator or anything.

"Yeah, well if that is true, I think I am safer here," the girl said, looking out at the rain. Krista realized there was a little wisdom to what the girl said. The girl was now just about four feet from the passenger side of Krista's car. She was clearly a beautiful girl, but she had the look of someone who had been on the road a long time.

"Are you hungry?" she asked, looking at the girls lithe frame. This seemed to be the wrong question, the girl back up.

"Hey chick, I am 18," the girl said, "I am not going to get lured into a bad situation with a promise of candy." Once again, Krista was on the defensive.

"No, I am sorry, I really just want to help. I don't mean... I sound worse than I am right now," she said, flustered. Was helping down and out people always this hard? She figured she should just give up and drive away. The girl seemed to agree.

"The rain is dying down, you can go," the girl said and then she turned and started walking back up the embankment. For a moment, Krista watched her walk, and then shrugged her shoulders. The rain had nearly stopped and she was already late. She put her car into gear and headed to class.

* * * * *

Four hours and two classes later, Krista was on her way home. It was almost dark now and the thermometer on her iphone said it was 15 degrees. Her little Cavalier could barely defrost the thick ice that had formed on her windshield. She had to burn gas in the parking lot for fifteen minutes before she could defrost and head home. If she hadn't been in a bad mood as a result of getting in trouble for being late to class and then getting dressed down for not knowing the answer to a cold call question in her second class, being freezing in her little car would have done it. At least it had stopped raining.

As she started moving down the highway towards home, her mood brightened a little. Warmth was starting to seep into her skin and a song she liked came on the radio. She was singing along quietly when she slid underneath of the bridge she'd stopped at earlier. It was still freezing cold and suddenly her thoughts went back to the young girl she'd seen huddled in the cold earlier. She wanted to shake off the concern, but something about the pitiful aspect of the girl made her unable to shake it. She felt responsible for some reason. 

Krista pulled her car over again, this time on the far side of the road from the embankment she'd seen the girl at before. She turned off her car and opened her door. It was late now and there were few cars in the road. It was bitterly cold as Krista closed her car door behind her. The wind was really whistling under the bridge and Krista hunched her shoulders and pulled her arms across her chest. She started to look up towards the top of the bridge where the girl had been sitting before, but her eyes burned. She put her head down and worked her way to the other side. Finally, she was standing where her car had parked earlier. The wind was a little lower here and she looked the embankment. For a moment her tears from the cold blinded her, but the she saw the girl, huddled up, shivering. For a moment, she felt awkward, didn't know what to say. But then she figured she was just trying to help.

"Hey, Girl!" she yelled. She saw the frozen girl move and look down, "Hey come down here. You need to get out of the cold!" The girl didn't budge. For a moment Krista was afraid the girl was frozen, but then the girl stirred and yelled down.

"Who are you? What do you want?" The girl's voice sounded like she was shivering. 

"It's... I stopped earlier. Asked if you needed a ride..."

"Are you my guardian angel or something?" the girl asked, but there was a tinge of fear behind the snide comment.

"It is 15 degrees out and the wind chill must be like 5. You are going to die if you stay out here. I just want to help you," Krista said. She didn't know why she needed to help this girl, but it just felt right. It was around the holidays after all. 

"Will you call the cops if I don't come?" the girl asked and Krista was perplexed, it wasn't the response she expected.

"You didn't do anything wrong that I know of. If you want to die out here you can... just...don't. Don't die out here. Come to my apartment and get dinner and sleep on my couch," Krista said. The girl looked at her and then slowly got up. She walked down the embankment and soon she was standing and shivering in front of Krista, towering over her a bit. The girl's lips were almost blue and she was chattering fiercely. But she was smiling slightly. Apparently taking the cops of the table had really changed the girl's outlook.

"I am sorry, I don't mean to be a bitch. You roll around on your own as long as I have and you learn not to trust people. But I think I could kick your ass," the girl said and then started walking towards Krista's car. For a moment, Krista wondered if maybe she was in for trouble. But she figured it was too late now, and she rushed back to her car to get in the warmth.

She got into the driver's side and unlocked the door. In a moment the girl was sitting next to her in the passenger seat, leaning forward and putting her palms on the heating vent. Krista ratcheted the heat all the way up and then started heading home. 

"What's your name?" Krista asked.

"Allie," the girl said. Allie didn't take her eyes off the heater. Krista decided not to push the girl too much to talk, she let her focus all her energy on heating up. In a few moments they were at Krista's apartment building, walking up the stairs and opening her door. 

"You have a real nice place," Allie said as she stepped into the three-room apartment and threw her coat onto the couch. They walked into the living room/kitchen. There were two doors directly ahead of them, one leading to a bathroom and another to a bedroom. Krista turned on the lights. Allie looked around, as though waiting for someone or something to jump out and attack her. When she didn't see anyone, it seemed that she relaxed a little bit more and finally accepted that Krista really was just trying to help. 

"It's a little small, but it gets the job done," Krista said. Allie was warmer now, her face now having a little more color. For a moment they stood awkwardly in the room, not really sure what to say. Krista looked at the 18 year old. She was undeniably pretty, but her face was a little dirty and her hair was a bit tangled. Krista became aware, as the girl started to warm up, that she didn't smell that pleasant, kind of like gasoline and dirt.

"Why don't you run into the bathroom and get a shower while I get dinner ready," Krista said, finally coming to a decision about what needed to be done. Allie's eyes got wide.

"I didn't even think of that! It's cool if I shower? I haven't had a chance to in a while," she said, looking down at her dingy clothes. Krista smiled at her runaway.

"Of course! I insisted didn't I?" Krista said. Allie didn't say another word; instead she quickly grabbed the bottom of her t-shirt and pulled it up over her head. She let the shirt drop onto the floor and revealed that she was not wearing a bra. Her body was very thin and her breasts were small but perky. She looked like she'd missed a few meals. Krista was too shocked to move. Allie was getting naked in her living room. Before she had time to process this Krista was unzipping her jeans and slinking them down her bony hips. Her panties came down with her jeans and Krista stood dumbfounded as Allie exposed her bare vagina with a couple of days growth of public hair. After kicking off her shoes and socks, Allie stood naked in Krista's living room. Krista's eyes wondered over the girls body, more in shock than lust (although part of her could not resist noting that the girl looked sexy, a little skinny, but sexy).

"Are there towels and stuff in the bathroom?" Allie asked innocently.

"Uh...yeah," was all Krista could manage. Then Allie bounded off towards the bathroom. Krista couldn't help but stare at the girl's tight butt as she walked away. Then she shook her head. She was straight. This sort of stuff didn't turn her on. What was she thinking? Maybe she was just getting off on taking care of someone. That was it, or she was just looking at the girl because her behavior was so bizarre. She ignored the deeper voice inside that said she was curious. She picked up Allie's dirty clothes and took them into the kitchen. She dumped them into the washing machine and then looked around for something to cook. She decided that grilled cheese sandwiches and tomato soup were the order of the day. As she cooked she completely forgot about Allie's bizarre behavior. She was just happy to be doing something good for someone else. It made her feel less poor and less helpless to have someone depending on her who was poorer and more helpless.

It didn't take Krista long to cook dinner and it didn't take Allie long to shower (although it was a little longer, as Krista heard the girl using the hair dryer). Krista was putting to food on her little kitchen table when Allie walked in. The transformation was amazing.

"I hope you don't mind I wore your robe," Allie said. She looked stunning. Her hair was long, straight and silky now. Her skin was a little red from the hot water and probably from windburn. But she looked dazzling, like she could be a television star. She wasn't a ragged homeless girl with potential, she was hot! Krista was shocked, but tried to ignore the attraction she felt to this girl. It was too weird.

"No, not at all," Krista said, finally noticing that Allie was wearing her short white bathrobe. It was even shorter on Allie, barely covering her butt. Allie looked down at the food and smiled.

"You are so nice," she said, "why are you doing this for me?" she asked. It seemed like a good question.

"I don't know," Krista answered honestly, "I guess I just thought you looked like you could use a break." Allie nodded thankfully. Then they both sat down and started to eat. Allie was ravenously, she ate all of her soup and both of her sandwiches in a matter of minutes. Krista poured her a bowl of cereal and then another before the girl was sated. Then, finally satisfied in her needs, the girl was able to relax for the first time; she slunk down in her chair and smiled contentedly. For awhile they talked. Krista learned that Allie had run away from home because her mother and stepfather were drunks that fought all the time. She learned that she rode all over the country bumming rides with truck drivers and anyone else that would take her. She also learned that Allie was smart, capable, and genuinely pleasant to have a conversation with. By the time the late evening news would be on, they were chatting like old friends, even the minor age gap between them forgotten.

"I can't even begin to thank you," Allie said, "No one ever does stuff like this for me," she explained.

"How long have you been on the road?" Krista asked, the first time she'd considered the issue.

"Like two years now, they can't make me go back to school anymore; I turned 18 like eight months ago, so I think I will probably stop running here in awhile. Just settle down, try to figure out something for money besides giving handjobs to truck drivers like I have been the last few months since my money ran out," Allie said. She must've noticed the look of horror on Krista's face, because she put her hands up defensively, "Hey I didn't meant to offend."

"No, I am sorry," Krista said, suddenly realizing that she didn't have any right to judge the girl for surviving, "You do what you have to do. I don't mean to judge. Hell, I am an MBA student. I know how markets work." Krista said and then blushed. She couldn't get the image of this beautiful girl, touching random people, getting cum on fingers, out of her mind. Krista decided to change the subject.

"So do you want to move over to the couch, watch some television or something?" she asked. Allie sort of shrugged.

"Sure," she said, "I haven't watched television in a long time." They got up from the table and went to the living room area (it was the same room, but Krista thought of it as a separate place). 

Krista flopped down onto the couch and Allie sat down next to her. Allie curled up onto the couch and sat Indian-style. Krista looked over at her young guest and was surprised to see that she could tell Allie had borrowed her razor. Allie's legs were shiny and smooth and the short robe had ridden up when Allie sat, exposing her bare vagina. She was shaved bare, her skin looked smooth and her lips were pink and contrasted sharply with her pale skin. Krista couldn't even think what to say, she just kept looking between Allie's legs. Finally, Allie seemed to realize what happened.

"Oh Jesus!" Allie said, putting her legs together and setting her feet on the floor, "I didn't even realize I was doing that. Not used to not having my pants on. Where are they, by the way?" Allie said. She didn't appear to be the least bit upset that she'd exposed herself to Krista, and she looked around the floor for her pants. Krista felt her face hot and red, but she ignored it.

"Oh, I put them in the washing machine, they will be ready in the morning," she explained, her voice sounding a bit odd in her ears. Krista knew some girls were like that, just comfortable with their bodies. But she couldn't get over how free this girl seemed to be.

"You don't have a Wii or an X-Box hooked up to you television," Allie said, suddenly changing the subject. Krista looked at her fat, ancient television and the bare three prong front hanging out of the front.

"No, I don't."

"You don't have a boyfriend," Allie said. She wasn't asking a question, she was openly declaring that she knew that Krista didn't have a boyfriend. Krista was surprised but the girl guessed right.

"I don't," Krista said.

"If you had a boyfriend you would have video games," she explained, "I bet it has been about... seven months since you've had a boyfriend." It had been exactly 7 actually, how did this girl guess?

"How did you figure that out?" she asked. Allie pointed to an Avenger's daily calendar that was set on a book case. The last date to be peeled off was seven months earlier.
