 The first enema was the worst.

Naturally Shawna filmed the whole ordeal from beginning to end, zooming in on Daisy's anus as the nozzle was inserted into her puckered hole and the warm water administered through the long rubber tube. Shawna also made sure to periodically film Daisy's face, recording her expressions as they ranged from pleasantly relaxed to uncomfortable to desperate. When her asshole began to spasm, Shawna directed the camera at her backside, pulling one cheek to the side to reveal her distended anus. When Daisy begged Shawna to let her use the toilet, Shawna filmed her face while she laughed at her, telling her she could wait another five minutes. She filmed her belly, also distended from the volume of liquid in her bowels, and her pussy, drizzling copious amounts of juice as it always did when Daisy was anxious or nervous. 

Dylan was allowed to watch, but he was now under strict probation. He was not allowed to touch Daisy if he wanted to continue to live and have sex with his sister. That night, Shawna had ordered him off the bed and thrust the camera into his hands, demanding that he film her as she climbed onto the bed and stuffed the other end of the dildo into Daisy's defenseless pussy. Startled and embarrassed at having been caught, Dylan had complied, even though Daisy begged him not to. Her pussy ached, and she didn't want to have sex anymore, least of all with Shawna. 

"Please, no," she groaned as the dong split her open.

Ignoring her, the angry girl knelt over her, driving the dildo in and out of their cunts. It was fat and jelly-like, and kept slipping out of Daisy's pussy. This seemed to enrage Shawna, and eventually she ordered Daisy onto all fours. Her asshole was still somewhat loose from Dylan's fingers, so once Shawna managed to get the head of the dildo in, she was able to cram the rest of it inside, feeding inch after inch of jelly into Daisy's ass. Dylan had filmed it all, as Daisy discovered when she was shown the video later that day. She watched, embarrassed, as the long, fat dong hung from her asshole like a tail. Shawna stuffed so much of the snake into her bottom that eventually only half a foot remained, protruding from her cheeks rather obscenely. Shawna then stuffed the remaining six inches into her own pussy and fucked Daisy as if she were wearing a strap-on. The image was obscene and humiliating, but not as humiliating as the enemas.

When Daisy was finally permitted to empty her bowels, Shawna insisted she stand facing the tank and hover over the toilet, her ass facing the camera. Tears of relief and embarrassment streamed down her cheeks as Daisy let loose a torrent of liquid from her bottom. Shawna filmed it, naturally, laughing and hurling insults at Daisy the entire time. When her ass was empty, Shawna had administered a second enema to be sure she was completely clean. This one wasn't nearly as bad, and what came out of her ass was almost exclusively what Shawna had pumped into it. This was a relief to Daisy, and she actually felt a bit better about having anal sex now that she knew she was clean.

By the time they were finished, it was midday. Shawna dressed Daisy in a thin white cotton crop-top that did nothing to hide her large nipples. They were stiff all the time now and often ached, but at least they didn't squirt unless they were squeezed or sucked. Shawna also gave Daisy a pair of gray cotton drawstring shorts. They failed to fully contain Daisy's asscheeks, which peeked out from underneath, and did little to disguise the fat bulge between her thighs. Daisy was forced to wear them anyway. She was also given a pair of white flip-flops, and told to do her makeup and put her hair up in a ponytail.

Before they left, Shawna made a show of kissing Dylan in front of Daisy. "We'll be back tonight," she said, her voice low and sexy. 

Shawna guided Dylan's hands to her full breasts, covered only by the same thin white cotton shirt Daisy wore. Daisy could have sworn Dylan winced as he squeezed Shawna's tits, but she also thought she saw his hard cock pushing against the front of his trousers. Disappointed, she followed Shawna out to the car with only a brief glance at Dylan as she passed. She thought he looked as dejected as she felt.

"Relax, you're going to have fun!" Shawna announced as she pulled out onto the street. She rolled the windows down and turned the music up so that the two wouldn't have to speak. Daisy wanted to ask where they were going, what they would do, and what was going to happen to her, but it seemed pointless. Unless she wanted to bail out on the highway, it seemed she was along for the ride.

Shawna's parents lived outside the city in a rather isolated suburb, but their drive took them even further out into the countryside. The two eventually pulled up to a large wrought-iron gate, which swung ponderously open once Shawna entered a code into the keypad beside the driveway. Half a mile through a wooded lot, they came upon a towering brick mansion. Wordlessly, Shawna parked out front, leaving the keys in the ignition, and grabbed a bag from the backseat. Daisy followed her up the walkway and into the house. The front door was unlocked, and the girls disappeared inside.

Almost immediately, they were met by an older man dressed in a suit. "Ah, you must be Shawna," he said, bowing curtly. "And I see you've brought a guest. Excellent." He led them down a hallway, which opened into a kitchen. Through a pair of ornate french doors, Daisy observed a huge swimming pool. The butler, or so Daisy assumed he was, handed the girls two drinks, then opened the doors and gestured them onto the patio, wishing them a lovely afternoon.

Once her eyes adjusted to the bright light of the early afternoon sun, Daisy was able to make out five women lying beside the pool in luxurious reclining chairs, sipping colorful drinks. Daisy was surprised to see them wearing the same white cotton t-shirts she and Shawna wore, rather than bathing suits. Each wore a pair of shorts in a different color. They all looked up and smiled as Shawna approached them, Daisy trailing nervously after her. 

"This is the new girl?" asked a blonde in pink shorts, craning her neck to get a glimpse of Daisy.

"Just like I promised," Shawna said, smiling back. 

Daisy and Shawna settled into their own chairs beside the other five. Daisy had just managed to get comfortable when abruptly she was hit by a blast of cold water. She shrieked along with the other girls, who all tried to shield themselves from the spray, but the damage was done. Everyone had been soaked. When they recovered, Daisy recognized the source of the water-a brunette in sky blue shorts stood in front of them with a hose and a smug grin on her face. 

A tiny darker-skinned girl with jet-black hair leapt up from her chair and advanced on the brunette. 

"Payback's a bitch!" she shrieked, and grabbed the hose from the other girl. She hit her at point-blank range, soaking her chest immediately. The two girls fought for control of the hose, spraying each others' hair and faces, before they finally collapsed breathlessly into giggles. The hose was dropped, and the wet girls retreated to their chairs for a drink, still laughing.

Sipping her own fruity drink, Daisy found herself staring at the girls as they lay side-by-side in their chairs, all in identical outfits. The thin white cotton clung to each pair of breasts, all of them large and shapely. Their nipples stood out darkly against the wet fabric, some small, some large, but all extremely evident, and stiff from the cold water. The girls seemed not to notice. After a moment, however, the blonde sitting beside Daisy turned suddenly and caught her staring.

"Pretty sexy, huh?" she called, one hand straying to her wet breast. 

Daisy blushed. "No, I was just thinking you must be cold."

"Aren't you?" she asked, smiling. "You're just as wet as we are. Here, let me help you."

Suddenly she rose from her chair and in a moment had her hands on Daisy's shirt. Before Daisy could react, the girl had pulled it up over her head and tossed it into the pool. The motion caused Daisy to spill her drink, most of it splashing on her own bare, wet skin.

The girl giggled. "Oh no, she's spilled her drink! That's alcohol abuse, honey. Here, let me help you." 

Before Daisy could stop her, the girl ducked her head and ran her tongue across her exposed left tit. Daisy tried to back away from her, but she was already pressed flat against the chair and had nowhere to go. The woman's hands slipped around Daisy's waist and held her as she took one of her nipples in her mouth and began to suck. "No," she protested weakly, her hands on her girl's slim shoulders, "no, not that, please, I'm not like that, I don't-"

"Not like that?" The dark-haired, dark-skinned Latina was on her feet. She grabbed Daisy's hands and held them firmly up over her head. "Are you saying you don't like lesbians? Shawna took you to the wrong party, sweetheart."

"We'll just have to teach her to like pussy," said the blonde. She was still sucking on Daisy's nipples, teasing them with her tongue and teeth, even using her fingers to pluck at them. How they weren't leaking milk, Daisy had no idea, but she waited in horror for the first tell-tale squirt of white liquid. The Latina was rougher. She grabbed Daisy's free nipple and squeezed hard, then tugged, pulling it up and away from her flesh, using the stiff nub to shake and jiggle her heavy tit. Sure enough, a fat white droplet appeared on the wide tip of Daisy's nipple. 

Miraculously, the girl seemed not to have noticed the milk. "Yeah, you like that?" she demanded. "You like your big titties being manhandled like this? These nipples are too big for a little girl like you. Only pregnant bitches have big teats for suckling babies. You should have tiny nipples like me." With that, she released Daisy's aching nipple, as well as her hands, and pulled her own shirt up over her head. Her tits were huge and too round to be real, but sure enough, her nipples were tiny. She tweaked them for Daisy's approval, then leaned forward and shoved them into Daisy's face. "Suck on them," she instructed. Someone else had grabbed her hands and held them over her head, so Daisy couldn't fight back or even move. She did manage to clamp her mouth shut, however, so that the hard nipples only grazed against her lips and chin.

"I said suck on them, bitch!" the Latina demanded, and surprised Daisy with a slap across her face. Daisy opened her mouth in shock, and the Latina shoved as much of her tit in as she could. Wide-eyed, Daisy sucked, and sucked, and suddenly realized she was enjoying the feel of the stiff nipple in her mouth, pressing against her tongue. She flicked her tongue against the tiny tip, and the Latina moaned. 

"I think she does like it, girls," she exclaimed.

Suddenly, Daisy found herself surrounded by a bunch of half-naked women. She had lost track of Shawna and couldn't see her anywhere, only unfamiliar girls with enormous breasts. The girls began stripping off their wet tops, revealing pair after pair of huge, perfect tits that bounced and swayed as they were released from the confining fabric. She stared, wide-eyed, as each girl advanced towards her to shove her tits in Daisy's face, ordering her to suck. After the second girl, Daisy stopped struggling and just opened her mouth. There were always mouths or fingers on her own nipples, and to Daisy's dismay, she found the combination beginning to turn her on. Her ever-present fear that her nipples would start to leak was beginning to fade as, one by one, she was forced to service the parade of beautiful, naked titties that pressed themselves against her cheeks and chin and mouth. 

Abruptly one of the girls said, "Step back, ladies," and Daisy saw a pretty redhead standing in front of her. Her shorts lay behind her in a puddle, and she wore nothing underneath. The girl advanced on Daisy, wearing absolutely nothing at all. As she straddled the recliner, Daisy saw she was completely clean-shaven, her pussy utterly bare and smooth. She began to rub herself luxuriously, spreading her lips with one hand to reveal the pink flesh between and, above it, her stiff clit. She was already glistening, Daisy saw. 

When she saw Daisy watching her, the girl smiled. "You like to watch?" she asked provocatively, leaning back a little to give Daisy a better view. "That's good, because I like to show off. I'm a porn star and I loooooove it." The girls around her whooped and cheered. Daisy thought the girl sounded a little drunk. 

"I love to touch myself while other people watch me," she went on, her voice getting huskier by the minute. "I'm so close to cumming right now, just knowing you're staring at my pussy, watching it get nice and fucking wet." Between her thighs, Daisy saw that she was indeed dripping wet. Strings of viscous pussy juice drizzled from her lips down toward Daisy's belly. 

When the redhead looked down and saw this, she shuffled forwards until she was virtually sitting on Daisy's tits. She began to rub her lips against them, smearing her juices across Daisy's sensitive flesh. All the while, she continued to rub her own clit, moaning now as she did. "Oh fuck, give me one of those big fat nipples," she whimpered, and suddenly she was using the stiff nub to masturbate, rutting her clit against it. The other girls gathered closely around now, watching her. 

"Fuck, that's hot," one of them said, this one a blonde in pigtails. Daisy glanced over, and saw that she had shimmied out of her shorts and was rubbing her own pussy while she watched the redhead. One by one, the girls followed suit, until they were all naked and masturbating. The Latina grabbed Daisy's free tit and imitated the red-haired girl, rubbing the stiff nipple against her own clit. "That's amazing," she crooned.

"I'm gonna cum," one of the girls moaned.

"Do it on her face!" said another.

Suddenly Daisy found herself straddled by a pair of slim, toned thighs. The girl's pussy hovered just above her mouth, and she was rubbing herself furiously and panting hard. Daisy shook her head wildly, but someone was holding her arms over her head so tightly she couldn't move and inch. She could do nothing but watch as the girl rubbed her clit until, with a squeal, her pussy began to squirt. 

Daisy's face was drenched immediately. There were calls for her to open her mouth, but she kept her lips clamped firmly shut and tried to turn her head. One girl grabbed her face and held it up so that most of the liquid hit her mouth and nose. When Daisy could no longer breathe through her nose, she was forced to open her mouth, which quickly filled with the girl's cum. She spat it out, coughing and moaning.

At last the girl was finished. She swung a leg back over and lay down on one of the other chairs, exhausted. No sooner was Daisy free of her than the redhead announced that she too was about to cum. She didn't straddle Daisy's face, though-rather, she began to squirt across her tits, soaking them in cum. She leaned back and managed to squirt across Daisy's chin, but the majority of it ended up on her breasts. The girl screamed and squealed the entire time. At last she quieted, but she wasn't finished with Daisy. Instead she leaned forward until her own generous tits were pressed firmly against Daisy's, and smeared the copious liquid between them. 

All Daisy could see were the red-head's huge tits. She couldn't see the hands that gripped her calves and thighs and pulled them apart. "Oooh, look at that pussy!" she heard one girl exclaim. "Even with shorts on, you can tell she's got a big one!"

Daisy felt a finger poke at the swollen bulge, felt it push insistantly at the obvious crease between her labia. Her shorts were tiny, and she could feel her lips emerging on either side as the finger buried itself in between them, drawing the thin cotton with it. She cringed as she heard someone shout, "Fuck, look at that huge fucking pussy! What a nasty cunt!"

"Let's floss it!"

Suddenly the finger inside her withdrew, leaving the fabric tucked deep inside her. She felt someone tug at the top and bottom of the crotch of her shorts, drawing the fabric back and forth between her lips. She felt them slip out completely, split in half. The motion of the fabric teased her hard clit, and she swallowed a moan. 

"That pussy's getting wet," said one girl.

"How can you tell? Those nasty lips are so big, you can't see inside her." The voice sounded like Shawna's.

"Pull those fucking shorts out," said another voice. "Let's open it up and see."

Suddenly the fabric was ripped out from between Daisy's cunt lips and down her long legs. She heard, "Put these in her mouth!" just before the crotch of her own balled-up shorts was forced between her teeth. She could smell and taste her own juices.

The redhead was still on top of her, obscuring her view. She toyed with Daisy's nipples as she mashed their tits together, occasionally calling out to the girls behind her. "My pussy wants some attention too, you know!" she said indignantly, and gave a yelp-presumably as one of the girls smacked her exposed cunt. 

Daisy felt her own pussy lips being pulled apart. "She's definitely wet. Look at that. Do you think she uses a pump? I've never seen such a big fucking pussy."

"Does it matter? This should fit inside all the same."

Daisy screamed around the shorts in her mouth as she felt something slam inside her. It was huge, as big as the bedknob in her father's house, which had taken a considerable amount of effort to work into her pussy. This new object pushed ruthlessly between her lips, burying itself in what was, in reality, a rather small cavity. She could hear the encouraging yells and cheers of the other girls as the object forced itself deeper and deeper, opening her up.

"Wow, I can't believe it fits," one girl said, louder than the others. "She's so tiny."

"Her pussy isn't, though," said another voice. "Look at the way that fat cunt bulges out around it." Daisy felt fingers poking her labia, plucking her lips and tugging on them.

Suddenly the girl on top of her let out a moan. "Oh no, don't try to fit the other one in there," she said, giggling. "My pussy is way too small for that."

"Bullshit, Lucy. The boys call you Loose Lucy. You know that, right? Look, it's sliding right in."

Daisy looked up at Lucy. Her eyes were half-closed and her lips were parted. "Fuck, that dildo is enormous," she managed in between groans. "I don't know how they fit one of those inside you."

Daisy had a guess-Dylan's fist the night before had probably loosened her up considerably. She felt the same ache as her insides were spread wide to accomodate the silicone. Her pussy was indeed quite wet, which helped. Before she knew it, the dildo was thrusting wildly in and out of her. 

"Jesus christ, listen to that pussy," exclaimed one girl. "She's fucking queefing!"

"Not yet," said another. "She's just getting loosened up. Pull that thing out and shove it back in, that'll make her queef properly."

Daisy cried out as she felt the dildo slide completely out of her. The jeers and shouts of the girls surrounding her were not enough to drown out the enormous queef that exploded from her pussy as the fat dick rammed back inside her. 

Daisy's eyes filled with tears.