 OK. This is a work of fiction yada,yada, yada. If you don't know the drill, you have no business reading this. Constructive comments are appreciated. "You suck!" comments get you laughed at as an immature loser. 

Anyway, without further ado, enjoy. 

Lesbian, BDSM, Reluctance, non-consent 

***** 

After a couple of minutes for Amy to recover, I put her nipple clips on and had her kneel and bend over the coffee table so I could whip her ass. I rolled her stockings down a bit and proceeded to give her 10 lashes to her succulent ass and 5 to each thigh. I took my time so she could calm down after each stroke. I gently massaged her cunt between strokes. I wasn't overly harsh this time. I figured that she had been punished enough, and this was more for demonstration. Besides, I didn't want her come again just yet. Like a good girl, she again counted each stroke and thanked me afterwards. 

I let Amy recover for a couple of minutes, then had her get herself, Izzy and Jenny some water. I removed the ball gags, then I got myself and Stacie another margarita. 

Stacy looked at me quizzically and asked, "Why do they only get water?" 

"Simple, my love." I responded. "They are pets in training. They need to earn anything other than water to drink. You are not a pet; therefore, you may drink what you like." With that, I leaned in and gave her a kiss before tipping her drink to her mouth so she could take a drink. 

Now I had a dilemma. I had two new pets to train, a lover and (hopefully) new mistress to train, as well as an existing submissive that needed to come to terms with the new reality. While I knew that I could count on Amy to do whatever was necessary to help, I needed to consider calling in reinforcements. Although I have become a very experienced and competent Mistress, I still only had two eyes. Furthermore, those eyes were located only in the front, not the back, of my head. Come on, people. I may be a goddess, but I'm not omnipotent! I was only one slight distraction from having three twentysomething-year-olds screaming down the street as fast as their legs could carry them while I nursed a concussion. 

With a sigh of resignation, I sent another text. 

'Amy's house NOW! Plan on spending the weekend. Don't bother knocking, just come right in.' 

I didn't wait for a reply. 

"OK. Since Jenny hasn't come yet, it's Izzy's turn to show us what she has learned. Amy, you will kneel down beside her and give her advice on eating pussy." 

"Yes, Mistress." Amy replied. 

I stood there looking expectantly at Izzy for a moment until she realized that I was expecting a response. 

"Yes, uummm, Mistress." She finally squeaked. 

"Good girl" I smiled as I released her from her bonds to Stacie's leg. 

Jenny was already highly aroused, but Izzy was totally inexperienced. Amy was whispering encouragement and instructions in her ear while watching Jenny's reactions. Amy had Izzy keep Jenny right on the edge for a while before finally giving Izzy the go-ahead to finish her off after 20-minutes. I wasn't idle either. I spent the time sitting next to Stacie, fondling her breasts, stroking her pussy, nibbling on her neck, and occasionally kissing her. She didn't reciprocate right away, but, as her arousal built, she finally began to return my kisses. 

Just as Jenny was recovering from her orgasm, the front door opened. Of course, I knew who it was, but the girls began freaking out. Even Amy got nervous, but she stayed silent when she saw that I hadn't reacted. Two minutes later, an absolutely stunning woman in her late 40's rounded the corner from the foyer to the living room. As was Amy, this woman was clad only in shear thigh high stockings and 4-inch heels. She was 5' 10" tall, red hair, massive 46 DD tits, flat stomach, flared hips, and toned legs. I knew that her ass was round and tight from an hour every day at the gym. Her cunt was shaved completely bald. Her pierced nipples were decorated with 1-inch diameter silver rings. 

"Ms. Jones???" Three shocked voices sounded simultaneously. 

Kat also showed a bit if surprise as her eyes opened wide at the sight that greeted her. 

"Good evening, Mistress. How may I serve you today?" Katrina Jones asked as she dropped to her knees with her hands clasped behind her back. 

"Ladies, you remember Katrina Jones, our old high school Home Economics teacher?" I asked as I was greeted with three completely stunned faces. "I have asked Kat to come over for the weekend to assist me. She will mainly be cooking, cleaning, and other errands, but she may also participate in some of your training as well. Oh, don't look so shocked! You remember how we all speculated that she was a lesbian while we were in high school. Well, it turns out that she actually is, and she is one of my pets." 

I turned back to Kat. "Good evening, my pet. As you have heard, I need your assistance this weekend as I train two new pets and one new dominant. You will mainly be preparing meals, cleaning, and assorted household duties; however, I may also call on you to assist in some of the training as well. For now, though, you may begin in the kitchen. I would like to eat dinner in one hour. You may wear an apron while cooking this weekend. Show us those mad skills you taught us back in high school" 

"Yes, Mistress. Thank you, Mistress." She replied as she rose up and began towards the kitchen. 

"OK." I announced as I turned back to the four people remaining in the room. "Amy, I believe that Stacie and you need to have a chat. Take her back to your room and relax for a bit before dinner. Also, see that she is properly dressed for dinner. She is not a pet, so see to it that she is presented as to her station in this house. In the meantime, I will begin training these two." 

"Yes, Mistress. Of course, Mistress. I know just the outfit for her to wear." 

Stacie: 

HO! LEE! SHIT! What the FUCK is going on here? A couple of hours ago, I find out that my MOM is into some BDSM shit. Then I find out that it is LESBIAN BDSM shit. All my life, I thought that mom was straight as an arrow. She never even gave an inkling that she was attracted to women. Then, I discover that, not only is my best friend gay (we had double dated guys before, and she seemed to be totally into it, for God sake), but that she is my mom's dominant lover? And she has been secretly in love with me for years????? What the fuck, Batman? I'm totally not into girls!! And now she thinks that we will be lovers??? Got to admit though. She had just given me a couple of the biggest orgasms I had ever had. Plus, she really did look hot in that outfit. Thinking back, I also realized that I always did think that she was really pretty, even with her rather nerdy style. 

Uuumm, Babe? Just a bit of an FYI, you had been out of the pool for about 2-hours, and no one had been sitting in that chair for weeks before you got strapped into it. So, want to explain how it got so wet while you were watching those videos? 

Goddamn inner voices! 

Oh, and uumm, care to explain that heavy make-out session while Jenny was getting her twat tweaked by Izzy? 

Well, OK. So, it was kind of hot. And that orgasm when mom got off from being whipped? Sure, it was induced by a vibrator in my pussy, but still! Fuck! I have never come that hard before. In fact, a lot of times I wouldn't come at all with guys. Tara seemed to know just how to touch me to really rev me up. 

Mmmmhmm, that's it. Go ahead and justify it, my little lesbian. Admit it. You creamed yourself when she walked in in that outfit. 

FUCK! I needed to shut that little voice up. First chance I got, I was going to try to get Jenny and Izzy free, then run like hell out of this twisted place. 

"Come on, Sweetie. I'm sure you have a lot of questions for me, and we don't have much time to talk and get you ready for dinner." Mom soothed as she helped me up and led me to her room. 

"Mom! What the fuck?" I demanded after she sat me on her bed. 

"Well, it's kind of complicated, Stacie." 

"For God's sake, mom! You are a powerful Attorney working for the Prosecutor's office here. You're a strong, independent woman! What the hell?" 

She just looked at me and smiled for a couple of minutes. 

"Stacie, do you even realize what kind of pressure I am under on a daily basis? How many times have you seen me come home after a long day at the office barely able to fix dinner before collapsing on the couch? Do you know how exhausting it is to be 'Super Woman' all the time? Every single day, I have to get up and decide what I should wear depending on what my day is going to be like. Every day, I need to decide what to eat for breakfast in the morning based on what my schedule is that day. Do I need something heavier to sustain myself until the afternoon? Will that weigh me down when I'm in court? Do I choose something light that may not last until lunch? Then I get to work. Do I accept a plea deal from a pimp that put a prostitute in the hospital? Do I take a marginal case against a drug dealer who killed a rival to court? Do I think that witness is reliable and will hold up under cross examination? How am I going to explain to a family why the person that robbed them got off on a technicality? Do I think that a particular judge will allow this evidence that may have been obtained in a rather grey manor? What is that juror thinking about my case? How do I present my opening and closing arguments to sway the jury? Where will I go for lunch? What do I have for dinner when I get home? Will that take too long to cook? Should I just order something delivered? Maybe I should jest pick something up on the way home. On, and on, and on. I'm a shark in a skirt constantly. There is never an OFF. I could never just let go and relax. Then, since Asshole went to prison, there was nobody to comfort me after a long day. 

I was so lonely for so long. Then, one evening about 5-years ago, a detective named Barbara that I worked a few cases with asked me if I wanted to go get a drink. It was the end of the day on a Friday evening. We had just finished going over her testimony for the following Monday, and I didn't have anything else to do, so I agreed. I met her at this club that I had never heard of near the Strip. It took me a while to realize it, but it was a very high-class lesbian club. Apparently, Barbara is a lesbian and has had the hots for me for a long time. Once I found out, instead of being repulsed as I would have assumed, I was fascinated. Furthermore, I discovered that I actually knew several of the members there, and I had no idea that they were lesbians. What ended up drawing my attention the most was one young lady holding a leash attached to a much older woman. I was kind of mesmerized by that for a while until this woman walks up to our table. She was about 5 feet 6 inches tall, weighed approximately 120 lbs., hypnotic emerald green eyes, flaming red hair that reaches to the center of her back, and legs that go for miles. She was in her later 30's or early 40's. Barbara introduced her as Mistress Gail. It turns out that she owns the club. We ended up talking for about an hour about lesbian domination and submission. I was intrigued by it. 

Anyway, over the next few days, I couldn't get the visual of that younger woman holding the leash of the collared older woman out of my head. I started to go on-line and try to get some answers. I kind of got obsessed with it. I began downloading stories and watching videos about younger women dominating older women. My vibrator was going though about a pack of batteries a week. I just couldn't get it out of my mind. I ended up becoming a member of the club. I was addicted, you might say. 

Then, about three years ago, I was having some issues with my laptop. Apparently, Tara overheard me talking about it. She offered to take a look at it for me. Well, you know she was always good with computers, so I gave it to her to look at. A few days later, she came over while you were away touring one of the colleges that you were interested in. It turned out that I had gotten a virus from one of the porn sites that I visited. Oh God, was I embarrassed when she told me that. She then admitted to going through my history and download files. Then, I noticed something strange. I was actually aroused. Suddenly, she asked me if something were wrong and called me 'Pet'. Oh my God! My panties soaked at that. I realized what I needed to do at that moment. I submitted to her right then, and have been happily serving her ever since." 

"But, mom, Why?" I asked, still not understanding it. 

"Because, Darling, when I'm with Mistress Tara, I am completely free. I don't have to think. I have no decisions to make. I have no stress! And, on top of all that," (giggle) She went into a whisper. "The sex is fantastic!" 

Mom paused for a moment, then continued seriously. "Look, Stacie, before I got involved with Mistress Tara, I was completely stressed out. I was a basket case. Now, when I am with my Mistress, I have no decisions to make. Mistress Tara decides what, or even if, I am to wear clothes. She tells me what to eat. She tells me where to go. SHE tells me what I am supposed to do. She has her rules that I must follow. No thinking, just obeying. Actually, I am also more productive and doing better at my job because I have less stress at home. I have more orgasms in one month than I've had in my entire life before I submitted to her. On top of that, my orgasms are a lot better now. I love her, and I'm 100-percent happier now than I was before." 

"But, but, but...SHE WHIPPED YOU!!" 

"Oh God, did she ever. And, did you see how hard I came when she did?" 

"But, didn't it hurt?" 

"Oh, hell yes it did. It still hurts, but the pain and the welts will fade. Actually, the pain and humiliation really seem to get me off like you wouldn't believe. I can endure it because I know that Mistress Tara loves me and will never actually injure me. She knows my limits and never crosses them. This was harsher than usual because I screwed up and needed to be punished, but she still did it in a way that allowed me great pleasure. This new life has freed me and allowed me to be truly happy. I really hope that you can understand that one day." 

Then a small grin escaped her lips. "Besides, I always kind of thought that Tara was pretty, but when she dresses as Mistress Tara - OH MY FUCKING GOD!" 

Right back at ya, bitch! 

'Hush you!' 

"OK, well I need to start getting you ready for dinner now, but, tell me, what the fuck happened this afternoon?" Mom asked. 

As mom was putting on my make-up and gathering clothes for me, I told mom about Izzy needing to use the bathroom, finding the nipple clips, and everything that that led to. I told her that I just wanted to know who she was seeing, and to get some answers about what we found. She laughed when I told her how Tara warned us not to, and how she tried to stop us. I told her about my shock when Tara came into the living room in her Mistress outfit and commanding presence. 

"Yeah, I know. The first time that Mistress Tara came out, I almost couldn't believe that it was the same person either." Mom acknowledged. 

Finally, it was time to get dressed. I did a double-take on the clothes that she laid out on the bed. Black silk halter top, my denim mini-skirt, black garter belt, seamed black silk stockings, Transparent red thong, and black leather thigh-high boots with 5-inch heels. 

"You and Mistress Tara wear the same size shoes, so she offered to let you wear these for tonight." I was informed. 

Mom knelt down in front of me and took my face in her hands. She had a very serious look on her face as she looked me in the eyes and said, "Stacie, I know what a shock this has been for you. I know that you are probably looking for your opportunity to grab Jenny and Izzy and run. I kind of wouldn't blame you if you did, but please, for me, don't. Please promise me that, when I release you from your restraints, you will stay and listen to what Mistress Tara has to say. She really does love you and only wants to make you happy, but you put her - and me - in a horrible position. Please don't fight her on this. I'm sure that if you really don't want this, she will let you go, but Jenny and Izzy must be prevented from letting out our secret. You must know what that would do to me and my career. Please promise that you will stay and not interfere this weekend." She pleaded. 

Yeah, OK. I could see her point. While Jenny might be able to keep her mouth shut - while sober anyway - Izzy wasn't exactly the most discrete person on the planet. She was a great person and good friend, but I had learned long ago that keeping something from becoming gossip around the campus required her from finding out about it. I also remembered that Jenny, being bi-sexual, had confided to me that she thought that my mom was kind of hot. I had just discovered that I already had one friend involved with her, and really didn't want to know what Jenny might do with this new information without strict controls on her. 

Yeah, justify it all you want, Babe. Deep down, you really want to tap those asses. 

'Fuck sake! Will you shut up already!' As I rolled my eyes. 

"Fine! For you, mom, I'll behave, but don't be surprised if I kick Tara's ass at some point over the weekend." 

"Thank you, sweetie." Mom said and kissed me on the cheek. "But if you start to think about attacking Tara, just remember that she tried her best to prevent this from happening." 

Mistress Tara: 

While Amy and Stacie were in the other room talking, I set about training Izzy and Jenny. I replaced the standard vibrating eggs with remote control eggs. This was for a very specific purpose. You need to begin training a sub to associate pain with pleasure from the beginning. A very simple way to do that is by jacking up the vibrations whenever you use the crop for a correction. Every time the crop is used, a couple of seconds of increased vibrations is simultaneously given. Magic! 

"OK, pets. First off, lets learn the more important poses. Last one to correctly perform the pose gets two strikes with the crop. Corrections will be made with a strike from the crop to the offending body part." I began. I had replaced their ankle chains with 2-foot long chains and locked their wrists in front instead of their back. I had also retrieved my crop. 

"Inspection. Stand straight with your feet shoulder width apart, stomach in, tits out, and hands clasped behind your neck. Go!" 

Jenny was a bit slow to start, and Izzy failed to properly stick out her chest. Even though Izzy received a welt to her tits, Jenny was slow enough to receive two to her ass. Of course, each strike was accompanied by a 1-second jolt from their eggs. I also kept the blows with the crop relatively light. They weren't nearly ready for a real correction yet. I needed to start them off light and ease them into accepting sensual pain as something to be enjoyed. After all, I'm not a monster who enjoys abusing my pets. 

"The next pose is 'Formal'. In this pose, you keep the same posture, but simply move your hands down and behind your back and grab your forearms with your hands. I realize that you cannot do that the way you are cuffed, so just move your hands to your stomach." Pause. "Go." 

[SMACK] "AAAAIIIIEEEEE!" 

"Important lesson. Izzy got punished because she didn't wait for permission. YOU DO NOT THINK! YOU DO NOT ANTICIPATE! You follow instructions. If you are not given permission to do something - DO NOT DO IT!" 

Pause 

[SMACK] [SMACK] 

"AAAUUUUGGGG! YES, MISTRESS!" in near perfect harmony. 

"Good girls. You are learning." I praised. "Next is 'Rest' . Stomach in, tits out, kneeling with your ass on your heels and hands palms up on your knees." 
