 I was dancing on my own that night. I had started out going to a club with some friends of mine but one by one they left, either alone or with someone they just met. I stayed, I only wanted to dance, feel the music cover me, let myself go and join the rhythm until I was too exhausted to continue.

But then I saw her! No, not her, her eyes, those piercing dark eyes that seemed to penetrate my whole being. I felt a shiver go through my body and fell out of rhythm. I tried to concentrate and take in her whole appearance. It was difficult but eventually her figure emerged. She was very pale, of medium height, slim, very short hair and a face that seemed to have seen it all yet wanting to see so much more. 

I blinked and she was gone, confused I looked for her, turning my head over my shoulder. When I turned back around she stood in front of me. I gasped but the way she looked at me made me go quiet again. "Dance with me", she whispered and it felt like the most natural thing to do. 

We started slowly, I felt her body against mine, her movements where perfect and sensual, I relaxed and gave myself over to the music again, wondering who this woman was. The beat of the music grew more intense and so did our dancing, our bodies coming closer and closer, her slim body pressing against me, always looking at me.

I have to admit that I grew very aroused and she immediately pick up on it. She smiled, leaned her face closer to mine and whispered into my ear: "You feel it don't you?" My heart skipped a beat, I blushed and could only nod. This was crazy, I didn't know who she was, but I knew that I wanted this and didn't care about anything else.

Suddenly I felt her place her hands slowly on the curve of my breast, I took a deep breath and then she moved her hands down and squeezed. I felt a charge go through my body and I couldn't help but moan out loud. Thank god for the loud music I thought.

I made eye contact, her eyes were grinning, enjoying my reaction. She led me over the dance floor away from the unsuspecting crowd and pushed me against the wall. Her knee slid between my legs and faster than I thought possible she leaned in and kiss me.  

I had never been kissed with such passion and hunger. I felt myself stepping out of time, felt myself being lifted up into the air and pressed harder against the wall, her tongue found mine and we kissed and kissed, her hands gripped mine and pinned them over my head, with one swift motion she ripped open my shirt and bent down to kiss my breast. I moaned and shivered, my nipples were getting hard and I wanted nothing more than for her to bite them. She did!

God what a feeling, I gave myself over to the pleasure of the pain, she looked at me and now her eyes were turning ice blue but there was a hunger in them, she still had me pinned with one hand, she kissed me again, broke off and then slide the fingers of her other hand between my lips. "suck them", she whispered. I did, playing with them with my tongue, making them wet. She slowly slid them out, and let them trail down my body, over my neck, to my nipples, resting for a while before slowly trailing them down my tummy and then she unbuttoned my pants and slid them down between my legs. I was so wet, she easily slid her fingers inside my pussy. She had to muffle my moan with a kiss, while rubbing my pussy, moving inside me, penetrating me, slowly at first, then picking up speed. I moaned with pleasure. "Fuck me", I whispered, "Fuck me please" She looked at me and I could see her licking her lips, parting them and her teeth growing. I was confused, my brain tried to work out what I just thought I saw, I was scared, but also so beyond any sense of reality I didn't want her to stop. She made eye contact again, her eyes seemed to say "don't be scared" and I wasn't any more, I begged her with my eyes to do it. 

Her teeth broke my skin and I felt her power go through my entire body coming to a halt in my pussy. The first orgasm hit me as I screamed and her teeth sank deeper inside me, my blood pouring out the fresh wounds and slowly sliding down my neck over my breasts. She drank from me all the while fucking me with her fingers. God I couldn't believe this was happening, but it felt so good, so fucking good I wanted more. She paused to look at me and I grabbed her hair and pulled her to my chest, moaning "god don't stop!"

She licked the blood from my tits, I was going crazy. She turned me around, pressing me hard against the wall, reaching around me with her arm, sinking her teeth inside the other side of my neck her hand entering me from behind. "You taste so good." I felt dizzy with lust, her fingers deep inside my pussy, her teeth deep inside my neck, her voice deep inside my mind, my soul.

I don't know how many times she made me cum nor how much blood she drank from me, I didn't care, all I cared was the wave of pleasure I was floating on. I came to my senses, laying naked in a bed, her beside me, her mouth still bloody, watching me. "Rest my dear, you need to get your strength, it's going to be a long night..."