 Chapter 3: The Week of Waiting and Preparing

The ride home for Daniel and Carrie was uneventful and Carrie slept most of the way. Once inside, she hugged and kissed Daniel and told him how much she loved him. They undressed on the way to their bedroom and fell into bed. 

It was after eleven when Daniel woke up. He wasn't really sure what time they got home, but he remembered it was still dark. He had to pee so he got out of bed quietly and tip toed into the bathroom. When he came back to bed he saw that Carrie was awake and was smiling at him. 

She pushed the covers back and patted the sheet next to her. Daniel snuggled against her and played with her big tits. She watched him toy with her hard nipples as she played with his penis. Daniel started to get hard and in a few seconds had a throbbing erection. He looked up at his wife and playfully said, "What, you didn't get enough cock last night?"

Carrie smiled back and said, "I never get enough of your cock, sweetie."

Daniel knew he was one of the luckiest guys in the world and he slid closer to his beautiful wife. He played with her tits for a minute and then let his hand drift down to her bare slit. Carrie was soaking wet and he slid two fingers up and down her parted lips. Carrie really wanted Daniel to fuck her even though her pussy was a little sore from the unbelievable fucking that John gave her after the Sexpo. Carrie pushed the covers off and in a mock growl told Daniel, "Fuck me stud."

Daniel crawled between Carrie's thighs and lifted them so her pussy was fully exposed. He put the pink head of his dick against her open lips and pushed his cock all the way in on the first stroke. He fucked her hard and fast and deep as he could. Carrie moaned loudly as she bucked her pussy against every thrust. Daniel's balls made loud noises as they slapped against her ass. He knew he wasn't going to last long and told her he was about to blow. She wrapped her legs around his butt and pulled him tight against her. Carrie wanted his cum inside her. She loved feeling cum hit the inside of her pussy. It always made her feel nasty and sexy. 

Daniel groaned and pushed in as deep as he could as his legs tightened and he started to cum. Daniel finally stopped fucking her and she released her legs from around him. Daniel leaned forward to lay on top his wife. Soon their breathing returned to normal and they just laid there kissing each other. Daniel rolled off his wife and toyed with her swollen pussy lips. He loved the slick gooey feeling a pussy got when it was filled with cum. He made little circles around her clit and Carrie's breathing started to get more rapid. Soon she crossed her legs around his hand and bucked hard against him.

When Carrie had calmed down, Daniel took his fingers from her pussy and brought them to his nose. It smelled like hot sweaty sex. Then he licked his fingers clean. Carrie loved that Daniel would eat her out after fucking her. She thought it was hot that he just licked their juices off his fingers. 

Carrie was absently thinking about last night. She couldn't even begin to count the number of orgasms she'd had in the last eight hours. She turned slightly toward Daniel and said, "Thanks for that hot fuck, and thanks for that bonus orgasm. I think my pussy is just about worn out."

Daniel laughed at his wife and kissed her on the nose. "I don't think your hot pussy could ever be worn out. You like fucking too much. But for now, why don't you get a shower and I'll start cooking something for brunch?"

Carrie nodded and rolled to the side of the bed and headed for the shower. Daniel slid out of bed and pulled on a sleeveless tee shirt, an old cutoff pair of sweat pants and headed for the kitchen. As he got stuff out his mind wandered back to the Sexpo. The night had truly been way out of the ordinary. In fact, his dream did come true. Then he remembered Mitch giving him a business card and telling him to call. He really looked forward to seeing them again but he wondered what they wanted to talk to them about. He hoped neither he nor Carrie had done anything inappropriate last night.

His thinking was interrupted when Carrie entered the room. She looked beautiful. Her hair was still damp, but she put on makeup and her eyes literally sparkled. She was wearing tight pink boy shorts that clung to the outline of her pussy and a matching midriff tee shirt that didn't cover the bottom of her melon sized tits. Daniel whistled as she walked across the room to coffee maker.

Daniel was standing in front of the stove fixing scrambled eggs and sausage. Carrie padded across the room and stopped next to him. She gave him a kiss and stroked his cock with her free hand. Daniel's cock was hard again and poked against the front of his sweats. She looked down and said,"That looks really good."

Daniel replied, "It isn't gourmet, but I think it'll hit the spot all right."

Carrie giggled and said, "I wasn't talking about the eggs silly. I was talking about your dick. How about I suck you off before we eat?

Daniel looked at Carrie and said, "How about a rain check? Breakfast is ready to be served."

Carried nodded at him and smiled. Daniel smiled back. He loved the idea that he had a blowjob coming. He filled a plate for each of them and headed to the table. They were famished and ate without saying much. When they were done eating, Daniel picked up the dishes and took them to the sink. As he rinsed the dishes, Carrie stood behind him and untied his sweats. They fell to his ankles and she reached between his legs and grabbed his dick. In a few strokes, Carrie had worked it into quite an erection. She teased him for several minutes and then turned him sideways. His cock was right at eye level. She leaned forward and let the head of his cock slid between her moist lips. She sucked softly tickling the head with her tongue as she played with his balls with both hands. 

Carrie's warm mouth felt wonderful around him. He loved her blow jobs, but he wasn't sure he could cum again in such a short period of time. Carrie alternated circling the head of his dick with her tongue and deep throating him. She loved to tickle the underside of his cock. She let go of his balls with her right hand and slipped her index finger into her mouth with his cock. Once she had it coated with saliva she spread his ass cheeks and placed her wet finger against the puckered opening. Daniel r leaned forward against the counter and relaxed. Carrie pushed against the muscle ring about half of her finger disappeared inside him. Carrie didn't know who loved anal play more, her or Daniel. She loved the smooth feeling his insides had and she loved how tight it felt around her finger. 

As soon as Carrie put her finger in Daniel's ass his cock started to twitch. She knew how much he loved having something in his ass during sex and she knew when his cock twitched he was on the way to cumming. Carrie sucked and licked the underside of Daniel's cockhead. That was the most sensitive part of Daniel's equipment. Carrie knew the finger in his ass combined with where she was licking would start Daniel shooting any minute. 

Daniel groaned and grabbed her head as he started cumming. It wasn't a big load but Carrie drank it down without spilling a drop. She kept his cock in her mouth as Daniel softened. She felt like such a slut kneeling on the floor with his flaccid cock hanging in her mouth. She slowly slipped her finger out of his ass and tickled his pee hole with the tip of her tongue. She gave his cock one last lick and stood up. They kissed long and slow sliding their tongues in and out of each other's mouths. Daniel looked at his wife and whispered, "That was unbelievable. I wasn't sure I could cum again so soon, but your sweet lips and talented finger took care of everything."

He and Carrie hugged for a bit longer and she told Daniel that she would like to lay by the pool for a while. Daniel told her he would finish in the kitchen and join her in a minute. He quickly finished the clean up and went to change his clothes. He decided on his white sheer thong. Carrie liked the way it looked on him and he liked it because it was a tan through suit. 

As he walked out to the pool he could see that Carrie wore her tiny red mesh micro bikini. Lying on her back, her big tits sagged slightly to the sides of her slim body. The tiny triangle tops barely covered her nipples and most of her tanned titties were on display. The thin strip of material that ran between her legs did nothing to conceal her pussy lips. Carrie used a giant clip and her brunette hair was piled up on top of her head. Daniel liked her hair up. He thought it made her look extra sexy. As Daniel stared down at his gorgeous sexy wife, his penis started to harden once again.

The temperature was perfect and the sun moved in and out of the clouds. They had put on tanning oil and they both glistened in the sun. They lay by the pool all afternoon listening to music and chatting about nothing in particular. The sun was starting to go down and Carrie really wanted to talk about last night but didn't know how to start. Finally, she said, "Daniel, thank you for everything you did today. Thank you for fucking me. Brunch was great. I loved sucking your cock. And lying here all afternoon was perfect."

Daniel wasn't sure where she was going so he just smiled at her and told her thanks. Carrie pushed forward, "Can we talk about last night for a minute? I want to make sure everything is okay with last night. I had a great time with our new friends and I think you did too, didn't you?"

Daniel's cock pressed hard against the sheer material. He was glad she brought the subject up. He sat up on the side of his lounge and looked at Carrie. "I had a really great time sweetie. It was way more than I had hoped for and meeting sexy new friends like that was over the top. I loved watching you and I can't wait to be with Gwen and Mitch next weekend."

Carrie smiled at her husband. Now she was sure that he was completely okay with the situation. All was good. She wanted to check one more thing though. She said, "Did you notice that both John and Mitch were completely shaved?"

Daniel smiled at her and nodded. Carrie smiled back at Daniel and said, "I really thought it looked hot and I think your tanned body would look great hairless." 

Daniel smiled broadly and said, "How about you take care of that right now."

In no time they were in the bathroom taking a shower to get the oil off. Daniel spread a large quilt over their bed and laid down. Carrie sat on the bed next to Daniel and smiled as she turned on the electric clippers and gave his pubs a quick trim. Next she lathered Daniel up and began to shave his cock and balls to remove what the trimmers didn't. Being in the sun all afternoon and their discussions made Daniel horny and it didn't take much of Carrie holding his cock for him to get another erection. Carrie loved the feel of the spongy hardness in her hand. In no time Daniel was shaved smooth and bare. She wiped off the rest of the shaving cream and took all the shaving stuff back in the bathroom.

Daniel took the blanket off the bed and felt the cool breeze blow over his bare balls. It felt great. Now he knew why Carrie liked it so much. He lay back down on the bed and his wife joined him. She loved the look and played with her new toy for a little bit. The TV was playing in the background and then next thing they knew it was morning. 

Daniel woke with a start and looked at the clock. It was thirty minutes past the time they normally woke up. Daniel shook Carrie awake and the two hurried through their normal routine in order to leave on time. Mid morning Daniel remembered Mitch's card in his pocket. He dialed the number and waited for it to ring through. On the second ring an energetic voice answered, "Mr. Gorman's office."

Daniel told her who he was and asked to speak to Mitch. The voice told Daniel that his call was expected and she would let Mr. Gorman know he was on the line. Daniel took that as a very good sign and his concern was probably unwarranted.

The line clicked and Daniel heard Mitch's voice, "It's great to hear from you Daniel."

The two of them shared the normal pleasantries about things and then Mitch told Daniel that he and Gwen would love to have them for dinner on Saturday night. Mitch told him how much they enjoyed getting to know him and Carrie and looked forward to learning more about the two of them. He and Gwen also wanted to chat with them about an opportunity for him and Carrie. Daniel quickly accepted and they set the time for eight-ish on Saturday. Mitch apologized for being so mysterious about the things, but explained it was better done in person. Daniel said he understood and asked if there was anything that they could bring. Mitch told him they didn't need to bring anything except their birthday suits. They both chuckled. 

Before hanging up, Mitch asked Daniel for Carrie's phone number. He explained that Gwen wanted to chat with Carrie before Saturday. Daniel gave Mitch his wife's cell number and they said goodbye and hung up.

The rest of the week seemed to pass in a blur. Daniel and Carrie fucked at least twice a day, sometimes more. Carrie could not get enough of Daniel's cock. If they weren't fucking, she was giving him a blow job. With all the fucking, Daniel's stamina had increased and it seemed like he could fuck for hours without cumming. Their sex life was in high gear and after twenty years of marriage, they were re-learning each other's sexuality.

Finally it was Friday and the weekend was upon them. Carrie and Gwen had talked on the phone several times during the week. Carrie loved how uninhibited Gwen was. Gwen could be elegantly classy or a total slut. Every time they chatted they ended up giggling and talking about cocks and pussies. Gwen was awakening Carrie's inner slut. 

It was late in the afternoon and it dawned on Carrie that she had not told Daniel about the appointment she had at Gwen's salon. She called his cell and got the answering device. She left him a message in her sexist voice telling him she had an appointment and she wouldn't be home until around six thirty or seven. She ended the message by telling him to have his dick prepared and waiting for her when she got home. She giggled naughtily and hung up.

Carrie left the house a little early to beat the normal rush hour traffic and arrived at the Spa & Salon a little before her appointment. As she walked through the front door she was very impressed. The place was very high class. Gwen had talked Carrie into getting a Brazilian wax job and had made the appointment for her. 

During one of their phone conversations Gwen had mentioned how hot Carrie's bare pussy looked. The comment made Carrie blush, and it made her pussy tingle. It seemed like Gwen made her pussy tingle a lot. Gwen asked her if she shaved or waxed. When Carrie told her she shaved everyday, Gwen told her she was just going to have to switch to waxing. According to Gwen there was just no way you could get as smooth by shaving. Waxing was the only way to go. So, here she was for her appointment.

Carrie walked up to the desk and told the gorgeous receptionist who she was and that she had an appointment. The twenty something blonde was wearing a very low cut blouse that showed off her deep cleavage. The receptionist caught Carrie staring at her tits and she licked her lips; smiled back at Carrie and then looked into her book. She looked up at Carrie, batted her eyes and smiled, "Ah, I see that Ms. Gorman has booked you with Estelle...has Estelle ever done you before?" 

Carrie wondered about the double entendre, but smiled back and said, "No, but I'm looking forward to it."

The receptionist looked Carrie up and down like she was mentally undressing her. She smiled again and suggested that she have a seat. Estelle would be out shortly. Carrie wondered why the receptionist had looked at her that way and finally decided she was being silly. It was just one attractive woman appreciating another. Carrie sat down and was wondering what Gwen might have planned for their evening tomorrow when she heard her name being called. 

She turned in the direction of the voice and saw a stunning strawberry blonde in a white salon type lab coat. Her skin was pale and her hair was pulled back in a pony tail. Her thin horn rimmed glasses were a little on the severe side, but the look was sexy and tantalizing at the same time. The beautiful woman in front of her was about the same height as Carrie and she offered her hand to her as she introduced herself. Estelle held Carrie's hand in hers and the touch was electric. A tingle started up Carrie's spine and it ended at her pussy. Carrie just stood there mesmerized. Estelle pointed the way into the salon and ushered Carrie through the door.

The rest of the spa was more upscale than the reception area - .lots of art work and plants all over the place. Estelle stopped at an ornate door and opened it for Carrie. She stepped into a small, but lavishly appointed suite. The lights were dimmed and soothing music played in the background. There was a small white leather couch on one wall and beautiful French style desk next to it. In the corner, a padded chair that looked sort of like a gynecologist's except it didn't have stirrups. Estelle asked Carrie how long she had known Ms. Gorman. Carrie explained that they had only met them last weekend at the Sexpo and had partied with her and Mitch.

That told Estelle pretty much all she needed to know. Estelle smiled at Carrie and told her it was time to take off her clothes so they could get started. Estelle took Carrie by the hand and led her to the chair. Carrie unbuttoned her jacket and handed it to Estelle. Next she unbuttoned her skirt and stepped out of it. Carrie wasn't sure why she had done it, but she had dressed for the appointment. She stood there wearing a garter belt, stockings and a g-string. Estelle stared at Carrie, licked her lips and said, "You look beautiful Carrie. I think that a garter belt and stockings are so much sexier than panty hose, don't you?"

Carrie smiled back and nodded, "I love to wear sexy lingerie. It makes me feel so naughty."

Estelle took Carrie's skirt from her and said, "The chair is heated and you can control the temperature. Some of my clients prefer to leave their tops on during the waxing. Others prefer to be naked. It's your choice." 

Carrie didn't say anything. She just unbuttoned her blouse and handed it to Estelle. Estelle waited while Carrie unhooked her bra and then took it also. Estelle smiled at Carrie and said, "My dear, your panties have to come off, but please leave your stockings and garter belt on."

Carrie continued to smile and undid the ties over each hip. The sheer g-string dropped to the floor. Estelle took Carrie's hand and the tingle in her pussy started again. Carrie settled into the chair and Estelle adjusted the back so it was slightly reclining. Carrie looked like a Penthouse foldout. Her tits sagged slightly outward against her chest and her legs were spread just a bit revealing her bare pussy. Carrie's nipples were semi hard and poked up just enough to warrant attention. She looked smoking hot and Estelle couldn't take her eyes off the naked woman. Estelle knew that Ms. Gorman only referred beautiful women to her, but Carrie was special.

Estelle prepared the wax mixture and kept looking up at Carrie. Carrie knew that she was looking at her pussy and tits. It made her pussy tingle and she thought it felt wet. She liked being naked in front of Estelle. She was sexy and the whole experience was decadent. It made her feel terribly naughty. Estelle walked toward Carrie and sat on a small stool with casters. Estelle rolled in between Carrie's legs and had her slide down in the chair so that her pussy was completely exposed.
