 My best friend's name is Danielle. Danielle A. Mitchell. And I am in love with her. I think she is the sweetest and most beautiful person to have ever walked the face of the earth. I tell her that all the time but she's never believed me. She's gorgeous though.

Sometimes I can't help but just stare at her. She's shorter than me, about 5'2'', and has the sweetest face ever. Long beautiful eyelashes and deep brown eyes that could make the meanest person hug her and cute pouting lips which drive me crazy. She's on the slim side but with very cute features and large breasts. She has the best way of touching me, too. She very softly plays with my hair, rubs my back when she hugs me, kisses my forehead but never quite anything technically beyond friendly...to my dismay. It always used to seem like she was teasing me, she knew I was in love with her, but she always said she was straight. Still I felt something between us. I couldn't give up that hope.

One day everything changed. My most recent girlfriend had just broken my heart, something I was becoming increasingly familiar with, so we decided to take a vacation together by the beach and had rented a cabin. We probably should have been out enjoying the sights or whatever normal people do on vacation but for couch potatoes like us, time to watch TV was a good vacation. I was stretched out on my stomach on the couch, watching a random sitcom when she came over to watch with me.

"Ugh, I can't believe you! Couch hog." She teased. I snorted to humor her. She pouted, knowing it was irresistible to me "Pretty please?"

"Not working" I said, shutting my eyes as much as I possibly could. Suddenly there was a weight on my back and I could feel her warmth around me. I could tell she was smiling as she put her head on my neck and retorted.

"Ha. I always win, Sandra, You have to learn that."

"Oh, I see, we're doing it doggy style. I always knew you wanted me!" She laughed; I love to make her laugh.

"Sure, honey." We lay there for a while just watching the show. She started to play with my feet with her toes. She always teases me about having big feet to which I retort that I have big hands too and we all know the advantages of that...

It came to commercial and I closed my eyes for a second. She started to cuddle up against my ear.

"You know," she said softly against my ear, "you shouldn't worry about Joyce. I don't know what her problem is; you're too good for her"

"Nah, you know she's just about my equal except for she's not fat and ugly like me."

"What??! What is wrong with you?! You're so cute. " I grunted skeptically. I could feel her smile and she kissed my cheek "You are so cute, any girl would be lucky to get with you." She stopped talking and it was quiet for a second. Suddenly we noticed the commercial on the TV for a movie about two friends who go on a road trip. The announcer proclaimed from the set "What seems so much like friendship turns out to be what no one expected!" I became incredibly nervous and almost stopped breathing. I didn't want to let on that I couldn't keep my mind off of her during that commercial but how could she not know! She's always read me like a book.

Slowly and nervously I let my breath out. There was silence for a moment then suddenly she kissed the back of my neck. I was absolutely frozen with anxiety but she continued, moving on to nibble my ear.

"Danielle, I..."

"Sssshhh" she said and stroked my arm. "It's ok" She kissed my neck again and lifted my chest up. She removed my shirt and ran her hot tongue along my back making me shiver in anticipation. She kissed the small of my back and moaned slightly making me slightly wet. She came to my pants and slowly pulled then down and kissed her way to my awaiting pussy. Slowly, she licked my outer lips causing me to gasp as the pleasure rushed through my body. I could feel her breath softly coming and going as she passionately ate my pussy. She pushed her mouth deeper into me as I moaned and became wetter. She softly licked my clit and made me start moaning loudly.

"Oh god...oh god..." I struggled to get out as she began to lick harder moving her tongue around my clit. She lifted my legs as she took my clit in her mouth and started sucking it, slightly biting it. My world dimmed and I couldn't hear anything but my own labored breathing as she sucked faster and harder until I couldn't stand the oncoming orgasm and came with a load moan. I lay panting on the couch, finished from the intensity of the passion as she licked me lovingly a few times then got up and kissed me passionately on the lips, her tongue pressing against mine. She brushed the hair out of my eyes and smiled at me before heading for the door.

"I'm going to go out for a few hours, meet me back here at seven if you leave," she called and happily bounced out of the cabin, leaving me incredibly confused and tired. I just lay there for a few minutes thinking "What the hell?!" before I drifted off to sleep. When I woke up it was only five so I showered and took a walk in town. I thought about what had just happened. It was amazing! The girl I'd been in love with for so many years loved me back. But what about our friendship? It had always been the most important thing in my life. Could I risk it?

Before I knew it, it was six thirty. I walked back to the cabin only to see Danielle standing out side wearing a tank top and a short skirt. She smiled when she saw me and ran up to give me a hug. It felt so good to have her arms around me again. We just held each other for a moment and gently swayed in rhythm with each other. She inhaled slowly and sighed into my hair. She grabbed my hand and pulled back. She smiled at me and led me off to the beach. We walked along slowly as the sun began to set. I took her other hand and put my arm around her. She smiled and I kissed her fore head. As we walked the shore became steeper and soon we were in a cove area surrounded by high walls of colored rock. In the middle of the beach there was a large blanket spread out with lit candles next to it. She led me to it and I sat down with her in my lap and cuddled as the sun set began to go into full effect. She started to kiss me but I pulled away. She looked at me startled and her eyes had a hurt look in them as she turned away a little.

"I thought..." she said shakily like she was about to cry, "this is what you wanted..."

"Danielle...I just..." I stopped, choosing my words carefully. I put my head on her back and cuddled up against her. "Just...why now? You've known how I felt for so long I..." but she interrupted me sounding very pained, like it took tremendous effort to get every word out.

"Sandra you've...liked a lot of girls...A LOT of girls. I just didn't know if you were serious about me for a very long time. I mean...I wouldn't be able to handle you leaving me and I didn't know if..." her voice started to break. I could tell she was close to crying and I held her close to me. "I didn't know if you really wanted to be with me. You've been saying that you're in love with me for five years now so I thought you wanted..." She began to break down.

"I know, sweetie, no, you thought right I do want to be with you. I do. I do. I'm just afraid of losing what we have. If this is going to happen you have to promise me that if this doesn't work out we won't lose our friendship." She looked at me me with tears in her eyes but a faint smile.

"God! You are such a BITCH! You think I would let anything happen to our friendship? I love you Sandra. I love you more than anything." I brushed away her tears and cupped her face in my hand.

"I love you too." I slowly kissed her, softly pressing my lips against hers. She stroked my hair as we moved deeper into the kiss. She took my tongue into her mouth and started caressing it with her own. I broke the kiss and started to kiss and nibble her neck and she moaned as she struggled to help me take off both our shirts. I lay her down on the blanket and softly kissed her chest. I slowly worked my way to the nipple and began lightly sucking it. She moaned as I licked the very tip of the nipple and nibbled. I slipped my tongue down her soft bare skin and down to her mound and she winced as a kissed her. I slipped my tongue into her slit and began to slowly work it up and down. She shook every time I brushed against her clit slowly rocked in time with me. I circled her clit with my tongue and she groaned with every rotation. Suddenly I took it into my mouth and sucked it hard and fast. She grabbed onto my head and moaned "AH" pushing me in for more. She arched her back and cried out for the aggravation of near pleasure and begged me to finger her.

I declined and continued sucking. She thrust me around put me in a sixty nine. She went to work putting her tongue on my outer lips and giving long passionate licks to my pussy. She was mind-blowing, moving her tongue in small strokes around my clit and driving me in to wild ecstasy. We both moaned and sucked each others clits until we couldn't take it and fingered each other. She desperately humped my face and hands, convulsing into climax. I fingered her hard and fast and rubbed her clit and she cried my name as she came and shuttered with ultimate pleasure which set off my orgasm. We both thrashed with uncontrollable pleasure and panted as the orgasm cam to a halt.

I climbed over her body and lay next to her and her arms came around me holding me close. We shared a passionate kiss and stroked each others hair. She lay against me and I knew that I would spend the rest of my life with her, in love forever. We fell asleep in each others arms and woke up the next day to a new life together.