 Darling Readers,

Technically this is Chapter 2, Part 2, but don't let that worry you. It follows on just fine from before.

Sorry it took so long to get to you - please, I adore receiving your comments, and ideas, and I respond to many.

All the usual things apply..please don't read if you are too young - and don't do drugs. These are just impossibly decadent hotties!

*

With that, Danielle led Bethany purposefully to the ladies' restroom, the pair of them joined hand-in-hand, but with Danielle driving them. On entering the restroom, they met three of the attractive young birthdaying girls who were just leaving in a giggling blonde bunch. 

When Danielle and Bethany looked around inside the ladies' room, there were only a couple of women in there, a few individuals at the basins counter tending to their faces. Along one wall was a black sideboard with white marble sinks depressed into it and sparkling gold taps. Continuing the gaudy decor of the room, the walls, ceilings and tiled floor were also gleaming obsidian, and the light fittings were in a gothic gold style too. Above the sinks sideboard, and covering most of the back wall there were several enormous mirrors reaching to the ceiling. This was one of the club's smaller restrooms, and besides the counter there were only four toilet stalls against the opposite side, with the door to one of the middle ones shut and seemingly occupied. 

Without a further look, Dani and Beth headed straight to one of the neighbouring stalls, and as they did so, locking the stall door behind them, they immediately heard some distinctive sounds coming from the occupied cubicle next to their's. The noises being produced 'next door' involved some low moaning that unmistakably indicated somebody's growing sexual pleasure, and a rhythmic kind of wet squelching sound that was highly suggestive of a blow job. The groaning of building passion was growing steadily louder, but there was something about it that puzzled Danielle, even if she couldn't put her finger on it, and anyway, Danielle's mind was firmly fixed on the pleasure she was about to receive herself. 

The floor of their stall had the typical residue of nightclub toilets as a Friday night progresses, and this was the VIP rooms. There were bits of toilet paper strewn around the floor, some wet patches, a few crushed cigarette ends and even two obviously used condoms oozing in one corner. Bethany wondered why it was always the most exclusive nightclubs that had toilets that became the filthiest (in more ways than one). 

"Perfect." said Danielle as she surveyed the scene though. She then moved right to the back of the cubicle and stood facing the wall, effectively straddling the toilet bowl as she lent forward with her hands on the wall. 

"God, I need your tongue now, bitch," she whispered between clenched teeth as she looked over her shoulder in pure lust at Bethany standing expectantly behind her. By way of a response, Beth lent in to Danielle and holding her round her to-die-for waist, she very quickly planted a kiss direct on her girlfriend's lips, making very sure she pushed and rubbed her large breasts hard into Dani's back as she did so.

Breaking the kiss just as immediately as she had started it, Bethany started to slide her hands down her lover's body, feeling the whole way down, the sides of Dani's shapely waist, to the top of her wonderfully curved hips, smoothing her hands round these, so that her hands arrived on Danielle's ass cheeks. When her hands settled happily there, Bethany dropped into a squatting position behind Dani, positioned in such a way that her head was level with Dani's ass.

"Oh baby, make love to me in your very special and perverted way..." Danielle whined in a voice that it was impossible to deny. Not that Bethany would ever even dream of turning down THIS type of plea. This was because Bethany had a quite depraved and submissive ass fetish, and Dani really brought it out in her. 

Bethany had discovered in her late teens that she possessed an all-powerful desire, a need even, to perform 'anallingus' on pretty girls. Beth had pleasured many women in that deviant way, but as her relationship with Danielle had budded, she learnt that Dani really accepted Bethany and her extreme fetish, and the consequence was that Danielle had got to enjoy its benefits again and again. In fact, the girls' special understanding and the very intimate give-take of this kinky arrangement was one of the blocks of their amazing relationship. Having serviced many female anuses with her mouth, and never tiring of it, Bethany had developed a most incredible talent for her specialty sex act too. It was her sheer enjoyment of performing anallingus that helped make her so skilled. Crouching down on her platformed high heels, her own butt resting on the back of her legs, Bethany began. At first, she slid her hands back up her lover's ass, moving the seat of the tiny white skirt up and away as she did so, exposing the peach of Dani's perfectly-shaped behind. Shifted up to above her hips, the lycra mix in the tight skirt's material held the garment there around her waist, and as there were no panties, so Bethany had uninhibited access to Danielle's derriere and the treasure of her tightest hole. 

Behind her, Danielle could feel her partner's warm breath quickened on the skin of her cheeks, and she knew she was only lovely moments away from a very depraved orgasmic heaven. She couldn't prevent a shudder as she dreamt of the imminent tide of anal pleasure that was soon to wash over her courtesy of her devoted and hopelessly filthy girlfriend. Like always, she marveled in excitement too of how an act so twisted could release so many butterflies of pleasure into her tummy and brain?

Bethany then moved her hands so that each cupped one of Dani's ass cheeks, getting the lovely buns ready to be parted. She always adored the feeling of sliding her exquisitely manicured fingernails into a girl's asscrack, with the delicate moisture and intimate warmth in there. She adored the odour that was only found deep in that crack, and in life, she dearly loved this special musk of Dani's to be secretly on her fingers through the day. That way, wherever she was, Bethany could always discreetly smell her fingers and be transported back to where she longed to be. 

But it was also the sight of her own nails in there that excited Bethany too. The contrast of her perfect ice-white nails against her lover's flawless bronzed flesh, glacial nails digging deep in that intimate trench. This was the stuff of real, genuine fetish for Bethany, and the effect it had reverberated deep in her own tummy. She lent forwards and stretching out the first finger on her right hand, Bethany took her finger deep in her mouth, getting a little of Dani's magically bitter taste as she lavishly wet her finger from the abundance of saliva in her rapidly watering mouth.

She then removed her finger, and as she always did to start off, Bethany then ran her tongue leisurely downward, starting at the top of the crack at the base of her lover's spine, and ending with her tongue-tip right on top of Danielle's puckered rosebud. She lapped at this tight little hole with a few tender licks, but the tart taste of Dani's richness all along the crack, and the glorious moan it had produced, had already made Bethany impatient now. Easing the first finger on her right hand downward, Bethany used her fingernail to scratch a little at her girlfriend's crinkled ridge, knowing this would feel like a million volts to Danielle. 

Bethany then twisted her finger so that she was positioned to slide the flat half-inch of her precious fingernail past Dani's sphincter. With the easiest movement she was in, and her wetted fingertip was resting against Dani's rosebud, so that she could feel the little darling's heat. The way such a tiny spot could be so warm and alive always excited Bethany. She could feel Dani's ring muscle twitch against her finger, and immediately Bethany pushed her moist digit in with a relentless pressure. Danielle's ass didn't try to resist at all as it seemed to gladly receive Bethany's first finger up to her knuckle, with Dani gasping loudly as she was penetrated, before it merged into a more appreciative 'meeewwwing' noise.

"AHHHHMmmmmmmm, niiiiice," Bethany heard her partner murmur, which caused her to smile wickedly to herself.

"Oh yes, baby. God, let me in there, sugar..." she replied, knowing how Danielle would love this encouragement.

"GOD yes, soon, soon. But the cherry, Beth. I want the cherry in my ass first. Put it in," she heard Danielle pant.

Suddenly Bethany understood about the cherry now. She let her finger slip out of Dani, and then she dipped into her purse and extracted the small red fruit she had been puzzled to stash in there earlier. Holding it delicately between thumb and first finger, she slid the sticky little round berry down Danielle's butt crack, slowly and carefully, always moving downward. She then hovered it right on top of the entrance to her girlfriend's anus, and rolled it about right there skillfully using just the tip of one finger. Then she pressed with her finger to force it home, and she felt Dani in turn push out to receive it. The cherry suddenly disappeared inside her girlfriend.

"Ready?" Danielle asked her.

"Yes, darling," Bethany said, born ready for anything nasty, as she held the paper napkin in place. She would dearly have loved to catch the cherry in her mouth as it emerged, but she had guessed what would be becoming of the cherry and it amused her. Danielle grunted a little, and her rosebud winked, releasing the sticky cherry, which clung briefly to her muscle and then dropped onto the paper, and Bethany quickly placing it back in her bag. 

Bethany then probed with her finger again, and pushing it in further, Danielle's sphincter now clasped around Beth's second knuckle. As she thrust still more, all along the length of her finger Bethany could feel the warm and tight embrace of her girlfriend's rectum as it gripped around her intruding digit. Bethany wiggled the finger, feeling the exquisite smoothness of Dani's moist and velvety tunnel as she did so, feeling the resistance of Dani's clamping muscles. But Bethany was skilled, and by applying constant force with her finger, she fought against Dani's muscles, wearing them out, getting them ready for the second finger.

Far above Bethany, Danielle was by now somewhere in the sky with pleasure, the probing she was getting felt so relentless and so wonderful to her. The initial feel of Bethany's razor blade nail sliding into her had made her gasp, but the feel of Beth's nails in her ass always drove Dani wild. She relished the combination of fear of the deliciously sharp pain that the talons could bring her, with the knowledge that expensive and manicured works of art were sliding around, dirtying in her nasty ass. It was just one reason why Bethany always had impeccably manicured and polished nails, since she was fully aware of their effect on her girlfriend. Bethany often teased her lover about one of those nails breaking off and lodging in Dani's bowels, requiring a trip to the hospital, and the total embarrassment of explanation to a fabulously pretty nurse..."Uuuuuuuuuurrrrggrrrrnnnnhh!!" Danielle knew that by squeezing her rectal muscles, they would grow tired quicker, and give Bethany the permission she needed for her oral exploration. And then a second finger, one from Bethany's other hand suddenly entered and all Danielle could do was grunt.

With the fingers from each hand gently crooked inside Danielle's ring muscle, Bethany began to ease them apart, stretching her lover's tender muscle. Dani's sphincter courageously pulled back at her, but then gave in altogether, leaving her hole completely pliable. Pulling it open an inch as Dani used the practice she'd had to help relax it more, Bethany was presented with the wet and bright pink insides of her girlfriend's bowels.

"You're SO beautiful," Bethany whispered, delighting at the sight that she could never resist or tire of.

Closing her eyes to store the image, Bethany moved her head forward, opening her mouth, and extending her tongue as she did so.... 

Her soft lips came in contact with Danielle's open sphincter and sealed around it like two mouths about to deep-kiss. Bethany then unleashed one of her most incredible attributes. She fully extended her serpent-like tongue, and shoved its maximum length right up into her lover's bowels. Dani gasped aloud. God, it was unholy. It felt, as it always did, so phucking wonderful....like Bethany's tongue was actually so deep inside her that it was tickling her stomach lining.

Danielle delighted in the perverted decadence. She felt every twitch as her anal tongue-lover licked and swabbed all around her inner walls. Beth's tongue was like a wriggling creature in its own right, and that unnerving sensation only turned Danielle on even more. She could only hang on to the cistern pipe of the toilet and moan whilst her other hand scratched its nails at the cubicle rear wall as she enjoyed this exquisitely nasty ride. It was at times like this, when Bethany was eating her guts that Dani realised she was the luckiest girl on the planet and that her girlfriend was probably the sickest.

Bethany's tongue continued to worm around inside Dani, the strong tongue muscle constantly rippling to add to Dani's sinful pleasure. Then as she felt the tongue withdraw momentarily, Danielle knew what was coming next. 

"Yesssssss," Danielle hissed, her senses on fire, as she knew Bethany was starting to perform her nastiest and favourite trick. Danielle felt as Bethany then began passing her saliva up into her rectum, and then, incredibly, sucking it back out. The sound of this act had to be one of the nastiest imaginable, and the unique sensation as Bethany's saliva repeatedly swashed in and out of her ass was simply divine to Danielle.

Danielle strained to look over her shoulder to watch her depraved girlfriend as she did her worst. She saw her lover knelt there obediently behind her, with her eyes shut and cheeks pushing out and then hollowing in rhythmically, as she introduced and then greedily sucked back her oral juice which Danielle could feel pumping in and out of her rectum in time. Bethany then seemed to detect Dani's stare on her, and she suddenly opened her eyes and gazed upward. Danielle saw the incredible lust in Bethany's eyes, and she marveled at the absolute beauty of her girlfriend who was orally servicing her asshole, and Dani nearly melted.

"You filthy fucking anal WHORE!" Danielle moaned back over a shoulder at her submissive partner. Mouth otherwise engaged, Bethany did all her agreeing and expressed her sheer delight at her badge using only her beautiful and urgent eyes.

When she saw that look on Bethany's face, Danielle knew what she had to do next. With her neck still twisted painfully round and down to stare at Bethany, she continued to gaze for a moment, and then she suddenly spat at her lover. Quite noisily, Danielle shot a wad of spit downward through the air and watched as it landed on the left side of Beth's forehead and along the top part of her left cheek. When Danielle did that to her, Bethany herself nearly orgasmed spontaneously, but she never missed a beat with her oral worship of her girlfriend's back passage.

Dani then turned back to face the wall, forced to concentrate fully on Bethany's attentions now. She could feel herself building fast, the spark of the rush and she wanted to coax it. Resting her hands and even pressing the side of her face on the back wall of the toilet cubicle as she rode the delectably escalating thrill, Dani noticed some fresh graffiti written close to her eyeline: "HOW ABOUT I EAT OUT YOUR CUNT? xx" it lewdly offered, and Dani found herself turned on further still by the recent handiwork of some obviously like-minded filthy stranger. Dani pushed her side of her head onto the graffiti, rubbing her cheek on it as she embraced the pleasure she was receiving and let herself just be carried along. 

Once again she felt her lover's tongue slide slickly out of her rectum, and then she felt the unique sensation of Bethany sucking hard on her ass to draw out all the saliva and juices in there. She knew that Bethany would then swallow the sizable load that would be in her mouth and when she heard Beth speak underneath her, her throat coated with the most intimate residues, her girlfriend's voice was thick with lust.

"Now push for me again, one more time my beautiful..." Bethany cooed from below, and Danielle responded as best she could, given that she had very little control over her weakened ring muscle by now. 

Bethany could feel the weak tensing of her partner's anus, sensing it through her tongue muscle which still rested right on Dani's precious little ridge. Bethany had her practiced tongue held rigid and this hard, determined muscle slipped past Danielle's sphincter once again. Bethany then drew it out quickly, and began to machine-gun in and out of Dani's ass, knowing this rapid play would soon get her baby off with a powerful anal cum.

And all the while, there was some kind of twin soundtrack to the dirty proceedings. The noise of sex from the next door cubicle had also carried on, reaching definite crescendo now and signaling that a VERY satisfying climax had just happened for someone. Meanwhile, in Danielle and Bethany's booth, as Dani moaned her encouragement, she also continued to verbally abuse Bethany, knowing that submissive Beth would truly be getting off on that herself, no doubt with one rapid hand between her legs at her pussy. 

"GOD, you fucking love it, don't you? You SLUT. Kneeling in the scum of a toilet stall while you get me off with your tongue in my ass. Jeeeezus YESSSSS, Beth...you beauty. GAAAAWD YES! YOU SSSLUT"

And as she knew it would, all the filth that tumbled from Danielle's mouth as she gloriously neared her peak only drove a desperate Bethany to new efforts.

"EAT MY ASS, honey. Yeah, it's your's Beth. Forever. You're so goood, YOU BIIIIITCH. FFFFFUCK yes! EAT ME. I'm CUMMMIIIIIING."

And that was it. Danielle was hit by an incredible and ultra-powerful anal orgasm. It seemed to roar down from a hundred miles above her, and focus itself in the core of her very guts where it struck like an explosion going off. Her legs went week in her high heeled boots and she nearly tottered, hanging onto the cistern pipe for seemingly dear life as she embraced the fantastic pleasure.

Bethany detected her lover's cum just as it started, and she made sure that Danielle would ride her ecstasy with her ass stuffed full of hot tongue, so Beth re-inserted her tongue as far up her lover as it would physically go, pressing her nose into right Dani's crack too. She heard Danielle gurgle above her, and she felt the spasming of her lover's ring muscle around her embedded tongue. Bethany had successfully been tonguing her girlfriend with the aid of just one hand as she used her darting tongue-fuck technique, and her free hand had been furiously providing delicious friction on her own clit. Bethany knew she wanted to orgasm when she had her tongue buried inside Danielle's bowel, and her cum was a wonderfully satisfying and sharp jolt that caused her to moan into her girlfriend's ass as the warmth spread through her pussy.

Finally extracting her tongue, Bethany started to stand up, and Danielle twisted round, grasping the side of her lover's head, holding it vice-like between her palms. They stood with their heads level, faces inches apart as they breathed heavily in orgasmic recovery and still-wild passion. Danielle could smell the earthy fragrance of her own asshole on Beth's breath, and she greedily drew in that rich and heady scent from her lover, mixed with their perfumes. Usually Danielle and Bethany would always indulge in a deep and passionate tongue kiss immediately after such an act, to seal their love by swapping saliva and tastes, but Danielle had other ideas this time. Danielle placed a finger on Bethany's lips, and shook her head.
