 Danni and Lorna were exhausted; Lorna had been helping Danni move into her new house, it was a new build, four bedroom detached, with extensive walled gardens for extra security and privacy; the rooms were spacious and the master bedroom had an en-suite bath and shower room. 

"Finally we've unpacked the last box," Danni said, flopping down on the sofa smiling.

"Right where's the takeaway menu? I'm starving," Lorna asked.

"I don't know if I've got one, I've only been here a couple of days."

"Well if I can find my bag, there's one in there, I brought it with me as I thought that may be the case," Lorna laughed.

"I'm not having a kebab, I fancy a pizza I think," her friend said not really knowing what she fancied to eat.

"Danni you never know what you want." Lorna smiled.

Going over to the sofa Lorna sat down next to Danni and gave her the menu...

"I know what I would love, but I don't think it's on that menu," Danni giggled.

"Food first and then I might let you have a sweet dessert!" her friend replied winking.

Danni started to tickle her friend make her giggle, before planting a loving kiss on her lips, she really was beginning to fall in love with her.

"Well I want to be different and have my dessert first," Danni said cheekily; and she disappeared up the stairs to play in her new power shower; she did wonder however if her friend would follow...

Danni undressed and put her clothes into the laundry basket, she went through to the en-suite and switched on the shower; she was so glad that she decided to have the larger cubicle as it meant that they can shower together; just as she was about to step in...

"Danni I've ordered the food, they said it would be about an hour."

"I hadn't chosen what I wanted, but okay I guess I can live with a surprise; anyway come here I want you." Danni shouted.

Lorna walked into the bathroom to find Danni in the shower lathering her tits...

"Erm very nice; do you mind if I watch from here?" she smiled.

"No not at all, I hope you enjoy the show," her friend said grabbing her vibrating rabbit shaped dildo from the shelve and began the show; thrusting the rabbit up her soaking pussy slowly at first and then harder making sure that the rabbit's ears stroked her ever hardening love gem; with her free hand she caressed her tits and squeezed her nipples, slowly cupping them to her own mouth so that she could chew her own nips that now resembled ripened raspberries...

"Fuck you're hot," Lorna said stepping into the shower and turning off the water jets; not able to resist joining in, "let me do that for you," she said getting hold of the dildo and slowly gliding it in and out whilst licking her friends love bud, flicking at it with her tongue....

"That feels fuckin fab," Danni said lustfully, she could sense her orgasm building inside her; her body started to tingle and flutter...

"AHH FUCK PLEASE DON'T STOP...PLEASE PLEASE..." she screamed blissfully.

Lorna pushed the cock up higher knowing that she could get Danni to squirt her sweet love juice, Lorna loved the taste of her friends sweet nectar...

"NO...NO...NO...PLEASE NO...YES... YES... YES...OHHHH FUCK... I'M COMIN...YES...YES," Danni wailed, her body almost buckled from the shattering orgasm that ripped through her body, her legs like jelly; she looked down to watch Lorna lapping up her love juice trying not to spill a drop...

Lorna slowly kissed her way up Danni's body, reaching her voluptuous tits gently suckled on her ever hard nips making her friend mewl joyously, continuing up her neckline nuzzling and flicking Danni's earlobes with her tongue, whilst all the time rubbing her thumb over her friend's bud making her orgasm over and over...

Stepping out of the shower after yet another orgasm, Danni groaned wantonly "God you're fucking good!"

"Why thank you Ms. Cox; now let's try out your new bed?" Lorna said smiling and gently pulling Danni towards the bedroom.

Slowly following Lorna into the bedroom; Danni pulled her back, smiling at her she kissed her friend and told her, "It's not my bed it's ours, I bought the king size so that we would have more room to have fun in comfort!"

Reaching the bed they both fell onto it; pawing at each other's bodies with animalistic passion; they both knew that they were falling for each other in a big way, Lorna climbed on top of her friend; cupping her own tits and twisting her nipples she mewed softly...

"Lorna let me lick you!" Danni almost begged.

Moving up so that her pussy was directly over Danni's face; her friend slowly began to lick at her love button whilst pushing two fingers up her soaking wet twat slowly at first then harder, her sweet juice splashing onto Danni's face into her mouth, "Fucking hell you taste so good!"... Teasing at her love bud with her teeth, licking and flicking with her tongue...

"OH DANNI...DON'T STOP PLEASE...I'M COMING," Lorna screamed ecstatically, her body starting to tense as the force of the orgasm tore through her...Danni begin to fuck her pussy with her tongue; drinking all the sweet juice that she could, desperately trying not to spill any...

Lorna fell back onto the bed, her body spent from the explosive orgasm. Her friend gently kissed her whilst caressing her tits...

"Lorna I have something to ask you." Danni whispered.

"What is it my darling?"

Just then the doorbell rang; they both guessed it was the takeaway delivery...

"Oh fuck great timing!" Lorna mumbled...neither of us are dressed..."What the fuck? Danni what are you doing?" she shouted to her friend as she went out of the bedroom door completely naked...

Grabbing her purse and opening the door, without looking who was there she asked...

"How much do I owe you?"

The male voice answered, "Erm well it depends what you'd like me to do for you!" 

Looking up Danni was horrified to find not the delivery driver, but her next door neighbour whom she met briefly earlier on in the day; trying her best to hide herself...

"Oh I'm so sorry; I thought you were the takeaway guy," Danni apologised.

"What a treat he would have had!" her neighbour said cheekily; looking Danni up and down and liking what he saw.

Danni grabbed a dust sheet from behind the front door...

"How can I help you Phil?" Danni asked her visitor who was definitely not as embarrassed as she was.

"Well Sammi and I thought you might like a drink and some food after your move, so we put this hamper together for you."

"Oh thanks very much, it's much appreciated; I could do with a drink." Danni said smiling.

"I forgot to say, Sammi told me to invite you to the BBQ we are having tomorrow afternoon/evening...nothing to fancy just a few friends and please bring your partner." He added not really giving Danni any opportunity to accept or decline...

Closing the door and dropping the dust sheet from her naked body, she went through to the kitchen and placed the hamper down on the table..."Lorna, Lorna come see what we have?" she shouted up the rear staircase hoping that her friend could hear...

Little did she know that her friend had fallen asleep and had enveloped herself in the red satin sheets that dressed the four poster bed; she walked up the staircase to find her friend lying there with a contented look on her face; softly shaking her Danni said quietly...

"Darling, we've had a special delivery...come and see what's in the hamper."

Waking but not quite finding her bearings in the new room..."Where am I?" she asked.

"You're in our new bed, in our new house," Danni whispered before gently kissing her. "Now do you remember?"

"Hamper, what hamper? Who gave us a hamper?" she asked in a confused tone.

"Look just come down stairs, I'll be in the kitchen and hurry before I grab all the good stuff!!" she laughed.

Making her way out of the door and down the stairs, this time after pulling on her robe Danni was closely followed by her lover...

"Oi wait for me, let's look together," she shouted excitedly, catching up to her friend...

Reaching the kitchen Lorna looked on as Danni removed the packages from the large hamper; inside were a bottle of both red and white wine, a cheese board complete with cheeses and crackers, fresh fruit, an Indian curry for two with rice and naan breads, after dinner mints and a small bottle of bourbon...

"Wow that was so kind of them," Danni said smiling.

"So kind of who; where's the takeaway?" her friend asked.

"Oh dear don't you ever listen; when the doorbell rang it was our neighbour Phil, he brought the hamper round it's a gift off the two of them; the takeaway hasn't arrived yet." Danni explained trying not to laugh out loud.

She carried on telling Lorna that they had been invited to the BBQ the following afternoon at the neighbour's house; and how she was so embarrassed after answering the door to Phil totally naked...Lorna giggled and asked what his wife's name was...

"It's Sammi...she seems really nice," Danni answered enthusiastically.

"Got the hot's for her have you?" her lover said snatching her robe open.

"No I'm just saying," Danni said lustfully.

"Erm right...I think you want her pussy?" Lorna said pulling her friend closer and kissing her passionately, probing into her mouth with her tongue...

Clearing a space on the table she slowly pushed Danni back onto the table; lying her down and lifting her legs over her own shoulders, she began to push two fingers into Danni's dripping wet pussy making her groan blissfully; Lorna grabbed a banana from the fruit bowl and peeled it; she looked impishly at her lover, who had a look of horror on her face...

"No please don't do what I think you are going too," Danni begged.

"Well tell me quickly do you want Sammi's pussy?"

"No no I don't honestly," she said smiling.

"You my darling are fibbing, so your punishment is a fruit fuck!" Lorna laughed.

Rubbing her thumb on Danni's bud it wasn't long before she was panting and groaning; she slowly started to fuck her lover with the banana, her pussy juicier than ever, gliding it in and out; Lorna dropped to her knees and began to lick her tongue over her friends bud...

"AHHH FUCK YES...LICK IT PLEASE...DON'T STOP..." Danni screamed in ecstasy.

Licking her bud and the folds of her pussy, Lorna could taste the banana mixing with the sweetness of her lover's juice...

"Push it out my darling, push it out." Lorna whispered to her lover.

Whilst panting and groaning ecstatically, Danni pushed out the banana which was followed by a torrent of sweet love nectar, which Lorna caught in a cup; Danni mewled as the orgasm raged through her, leaving her body limp on the table...

"Fucking hell that felt fantastic!" Danni whispered.

"Now tell me the truth; Do you want Sammi's pussy?" her friend asked laughing.

"No I really don't; you are the only one for me." Danni said before planting a kiss on her lover's lips.

Lorna slowly helped her friend off the table and they went to sit in the lounge; snuggling up on the sofa they decided to listen to some music and relax; whilst every now and then they had a passionate kiss...

"What was it you wanted to ask me earlier sweetheart?" Lorna asked before going through to the kitchen to get some wine.

"Oh it was, well I've been meaning to ask you for an age, but..." her friend said nervously.

"Well ask me then, ya daft bat," Lorna laughed.

"Well I was hoping that you would move in here with me...as my lover," her friend replied shyly.

Lorna sat down next to Danni looked at her and said...

"I thought you'd never ask!" before kissing her with wanton passion... 

Just then the doorbell rang again...

"It might be Phil back for another look," Lorna joked.

"Not funny, anyway you're going this time." Danni retaliated with a smile.

Opening the door Lorna studied what was in front of her; there was a petite blonde long haired young lady about mid to late twenties, around five feet three inches, with bright blue eyes, wearing a black playsuit and black strappy sandals, she had a slim figure but sizeable tits...

"Hi my name is Sammi, I live next door, is Danni at home?" she asked.

"Oh right, please to meet you, I'm Lorna, Danni's partner, please come in she's in the lounge."

"Danni you have a visitor darling," Lorna said trying not to smirk.

"Hi Danni, can I do anything to help?" Sammi said in her soft voice.

"Well to be honest we are not really doing much now, but would you like to stay for a drink?" Danni asked.

"Yes that would be lovely, thank you," she answered.

"I'll get the drinks darling; you sit and entertain our guest!" Lorna said heading for the kitchen.

Danni and Sammi chatted away whilst Lorna got them all a drink; walking back into the lounge with the drinks she noticed that Sammi was being very flirty with Danni; this intrigued her and she began to plot a way to try and get them all in the same room...the bedroom...

"There you go Sammi, hope you enjoy it." Lorna said passing the ditzy visitor her drink.

"Bottoms up!" Sammi toasted. "Erm this tastes lovely, what is it?"

"That my dear is a Lorna special cocktail, its Danni's family recipe, so I can't tell you all of the ingredients but it does have bourbon, wine and a little something extra." Lorna answered with a beaming smile.

"Please bring some tomorrow, I'm sure it will go down very well," Sammi said innocently.

"I will if I remember," Lorna smiled.

The three of them sat chatting about the neighbourhood mostly, at one point Sammi had asked the two friends if they knew Greg and Andy as they were a gay couple, the two friends looked at each other, laughed and said that they didn't know them; Lorna studied Sammi all the time she was there, her facial features were soft and her hair looked naturally blonde, but mostly she studied her tits trying to work out if they were fake; she even steered the conversation towards plastic surgery so that she could get the answer, and they were real...

"Well ladies I must be going, thank you so much for the drink and I'll see you both tomorrow," Sammi announced.

"Okay then, we will see you tomorrow Sammi," Danni said seeing their guest out of the door...

When she returned to the lounge Lorna was sat on the sofa with a daft look on her face...

"What's the matter with you?" Danni asked.

"How ditzy is she?" Lorna laughed.

"Oh don't be mean, I think she's really nice," her friend said.

"I bet I can guess which part of her is really nice too, ya sexy little minx," Lorna said playfully, before tickling and kissing her lover.

The two lovers gave up on the takeaway and decided to have an early night instead; once they had finished their drinks they headed up to bed...

"I'm just going for a quick shower, fancy joining me Sexy Ass?" Lorna asked.

"Hell yes! Thought you'd never ask," her lover said before kissing her softly.

Once in the shower they began soaping each other's bodies, softly caressing their tits and pussy's, Lorna noticed that her lovers pussy was extremely wet...

"You naughty girl...you do want her pussy...I knew you did!" Lorna teased.

"Okay then I do want her but for both of us, I'm sure she fancies me."

"Well if you're that sure, then go for it; let's see if we can have some fun with her, I quite fancy a bit of that myself ditzy or not she's very cute."

"Yeah but I don't want to appear stupid," Danni replied.

That night in bed amongst other things they hatched the plan on how to get Sammi over to their place and hopefully have some fun...Danni had trouble getting to sleep as the suspense of it all was too much; she didn't want to have to wait too long before she got to play with Sammi; so she had to be quite direct just like Lorna was in Ibiza with Lucia...

It was the day of the BBQ and the two friends had slept in until eleven o'clock in the morning both not really wanting to leave the other's arms; Danni turned to face Lorna and kissed her tenderly whilst cupping her tits and gently squeezing her nipples...

"Let's make love, just one more time before we consider getting out of bed?" she whispered softly.

"Mmm that sounds like a great idea darling," Lorna said kissing her lovingly...

Danni slowly moved her hand down to her lovers thighs gently smoothing her hand inwards, parting her legs; she slowly reached her fleshpot and began gently rubbing her hardening bud, Lorna's ecstatic groans sounding blissful as another orgasm built inside her; they slowly entwined their legs together and began to massage their buds gently at first, their pussy's now soaking wet and almost ready to release a torrent of sweet juices...

"HARDER...HARDER...PLEASE...PLEASE," Lorna begged wantonly...

Danni straddled her lover lifting her leg in the air and held on to her foot; she began to grind their buds harder, Lorna's groans louder and more lustful; beads of sweat trickling down her face; Danni's climax not far from the edge, her ecstatic wail's louder than before, she began to suck on her lover's toes licking her feet; sending them both to the point of no return; the air in the room filled with the smell and the sound of wanton desire; their bodies engulfed with explosive orgasms their juices flowing like a mountain stream...

The two lovers lay enveloped on the bed their whole bodies spent from the sexual excitement; they kissed both smiling lovingly at each other...

"Wow...that was fucking amazing...thank you my darling!" Lorna said softly.

"No need to thank me...but I agree it truly was intense!" Danni replied smiling; getting out of bed.

"Do we have to get up now?" 

"Yes we do...we have to get ready for the BBQ remember; I'm going for a shower." Danni said heading for the bathroom.

"Oh yes...you can't keep the lovely Sammi waiting can you?" Lorna teased.

"Piss off...or I won't share her," her lover replied laughing...

Danni stepped into the shower and her thoughts went back to when the two of them got back from Ibiza; they had been inseparable they do everything together; a wry smile came over her face and hopefully they are about to do Sammi together and she couldn't wait...

Lorna stepped into the shower with her lover...

"Erm let me guess who you've been thinking about, you naughty girl?" she asked gently smacking her lovers ass cheeks.

"No no I haven't...honestly!" Danni protested smiling.

Danni quickly showered and stepped out closely followed by her rampant lover; who chased her all around the bedroom before they both fell on the bed; Danni fell face first and started giggling...

"We are like two school kids." Danni laughed.

"I know...good isn't it...now pout that lovely ass...you're getting a spanking!" her lover insisted.

"But I haven't done anything wrong," Danni protested.

"I will be the judge of that...now pout it!" Lorna requested lustfully...

Danni did as she was asked a somewhat very willing partner; she kneeled on all fours and pouted her chunky ass ready for the playful punishment; her lover started to spank her ass with slow sensual strokes of the new flogger they had ordered online; it was a satin and leather mix, a bright pink satin bound handle with soft leather tassels making up the whip, perfect for love games...

"Please don't hurt me Miss?" Danni begged playfully.

"I won't...you just do as I tell you; now open your legs slightly so that I can check to see if your pussy is wet from your filthy thoughts," Lorna said teasingly...

Opening her legs slightly Lorna gently slapped her lover's pussy lips with the flogger; her lover's groans heavenly to listen too...

"Erm, we are very wet aren't we?" Miss said dipping two fingers into Danni's honey pot.

"Yes Miss...I like the flogger Miss," she replied enjoying the role play.

"Oh do you...Well in that case you can have ten strokes of it..." Miss said before giving her lover her punishment...
