 Heading down the stairs for the drinks Sammi thought she would have a snoop around; walking into the lounge she noticed that one of the cupboard doors on the dresser was open and she just had to take a look inside, slowly pulling it open so she could see what was in it; she looked in wonderment at all the different gadgets that the girls kept in there; whips, chains, different size dildos and vibrators, butt plugs, blindfolds, handcuffs, tubs of lubricant; she thought that the only ones they had were the ones in the bedroom, how wrong could she have been, but what fun they could all have!!

Sammi left the door as it was and went through to the dining room where she noticed that there was an extra door that was locked; she decided that for now that was enough snooping and went to get the drinks...

Meanwhile back in the bedroom Danni and Lorna continued to play; Lorna had Danni's legs up in the air and was fucking her dripping love box hard with the eight inch strap-on dildo...

"AHHH YES...YES...FUCK ME HARDER...PLEASE...PLEASE," she screamed euphorically; droplets of sweat trickling down her beautiful face, Lorna looked on amorously as her lover orgasmed over and over...

Danni trying to kick her legs like a mule; Lorna teasing her with the tip of the silicone cock...

"NO NO...PLEASE FUCK ME..." she begged, her head swishing from side to side, her fingers clawing at the bed clothes...

Lorna thrust harder making Danni wail with wanton desire for more; she did as her lover wanted and pushed the dildo deeper inside her juicy pussy making her squeal...

"YES...YES...YES...DON'T STOP...PLEASE DON'T STOP..." she squealed.

Sammi walked into the bedroom her hands full with the drink bottle and tumblers...she put them down on the dresser and decided to join her new friends; kissing Danni full on the lips before licking and flicking her hard nipples, taking them between her teeth and gently nibbling; Danni could feel the orgasm raging through her body, the feeling of butterflies fluttering in her stomach, her senses on fire and the flow of climatic energy too much to take she had to let go; the juices flowed from her like a broken dam...

"Fuck that was amazing," Danni smiled, lying there motionless, spent of all energy.

"You're learning fast Sammi." Lorna told her new friend.

"I have good teachers; when can we use the stuff that's in your dresser downstairs!" Sammi said excitedly.

Both Danni and Lorna couldn't believe that she had been nosing around when she was downstairs, but it was Danni's reaction that would be Sammi's downfall...

"You know what happens to naughty girls don't you?" Danni said menacingly.

"No I don't...why not tell me?" Sammi answered quite nervously.

"We get to do whatever we want to them...whenever we want to!" was the reply from Lorna.

"Well have I been a naughty girl?"

"Well you did snoop around without asking...so yes you have...now are you willing to pay your forfeit?" Danni asked.

"Yes, but please be kind to me," Sammi replied smiling sweetly.

The two lovers looked at each other and couldn't quite believe that Sammi was willing to let them do whatever they wanted to her, but couldn't wait to get her in to their very own locked room; but for now they would have a drink and get some sleep, making sure that Sammi stayed in the middle of them all night...

"Come let's have a drink and then get some rest; they'll be plenty of time to play tomorrow," Danni said beckoning Sammi to sit next to her.

"Erm that sounds fantastic; I can't wait," the wanton blonde smiled...

Sitting on the bed drinking the bourbon poured by Lorna, Sammi began to wonder what she was letting herself in for, but she trusted her friends and knew they wouldn't push her too far...well not the first time anyway!!

"You okay?" Lorna asked Sammi.

"Yeah I'm fine, just a little tired," she answered.

"Come lay next to me you poor thing; have we worn you out?" Danni told her sarcastically.

Getting into the bed she was lying to face Danni; behind her she could feel that Lorna had lifted the bed covers to get in behind her; Danni softly began to caress Sammi's tits, kissing and nibbling her hard nipples; Lorna started to squeeze her new friends ass cheeks with one hand and with the other she had once again found Sammi's erect love bud...

"I thought you were tired?" Lorna said to Sammi.

"I am...please let me sleep..."

"We will I promise, but first we are going to play again...aren't we Danni?" Lorna told her quite abruptly.

"Oh yes...just a few more times!" Danni said laughing, before kissing Sammi full on and probing deep into her mouth with her tongue.

Lorna continued to tease at Sammi's bud with her fingers, slowly at first and then quicker; making her groan and mewl, before she pulled them away altogether not allowing her new friend to climax; Danni kissed and licked her way down Sammi's toned body, reaching her love box and meeting Lorna's fingers...

"I'll let you lick her sweet juices now; I have a new toy to play with!" Lorna said menacingly.

Making Sammi pout her ass and lift one leg in the air both lovers could now work on teasing there defenceless friend; Danni licked and sucked at her bud while Lorna began to probe Sammi's pussy first with two fingers and continued until she fit four comfortably up her soaking wet pussy juices seeping out, over her fingers and trickled down the crack towards Sammi's arsehole; pulling out her fingers she traced one of the trickles and slowly began to stroke at the puckered bud, Lorna softly massaged Sammi's sweet juice into her tight butt hole; her breathing was raged, her groans grew louder more frenzied, she started to pant as the orgasm ripped through her, every vein feeling like it was on fire as she released the torrent of sweet tasting juices, her body bucked before going limp almost lifeless...

"Oh fuck...you two are brilliant," Sammi whispered after getting her breath back.

The three friends got back under the bed clothes and slept until the morning...

Lorna woke quite early well for her anyway; she decided to leave her two friends in bed and headed for the shower; the water felt luxurious cascading down her body, over her pert nipples; she began to recall the fun of the night before and found herself very excited about the more than willing 'slave' that Danni and herself had found in Sammi, she wondered just how far they could push her; her bean was hard and was waiting to be flicked; she reached for the dildo kept in the bathroom glided it into her wetting pussy and rubbed at her bud until she felt her body start to tingle, she knew her orgasm was about to envelope her self being and stopped; wanting to climax but was trying to train her mind to wait she kept herself on the edge...

Walking down the stairs she could hear shouting coming from outside by the road, she looked out of the window that was half way down the stairs and couldn't believe what she was witnessing; Phil the sleaze was having an argument with the tart's husband...

"Keep your fucking hands off my wife!" the angry husband shouted throwing in a punch for good measure...

Lorna thought it was great fun and was silently cheering for the husband...poor bastard having to put up with a slut like her for a wife...she wasn't even that pretty Lorna thought...

"Oh fuck off...if you fucked her a few more times then she wouldn't go elsewhere for it," Phil shouted angrily.

"You cheeky bastard..." his burly opponent replied, before once more throwing a punch that landed its mark square on the chin, sending Phil flying backwards onto the pavement...

Lorna couldn't stop laughing, she even re-enacted it punching the air and thinking 'take that sleaze bag'; she continued down the stairs, reaching the kitchen she switched on the kettle as Danni will want tea to drink and made a fresh pot of coffee; then started breakfast fresh ham and cheese croissants followed by fresh fruit with natural yoghurt...

The doorbell rang Lorna wanted to ignore it, but decided to answer the door; opening the door she wasn't shocked to see that the person standing there was 'Phil the sleaze bag'; she didn't invite him in, instead she went and stood on the porch and pulled the door shut behind her...

"What do you want?" Lorna scoffed.

"Is Sammi here?" he asked.

"Yes why..." 

"Well where the fuck is she...I need her to come take care of my face," he spat.

"She is sleeping we all had a late night, so I'm not prepared to wake her, why don't you ask the tart you were with last night to patch you up, or better still do it you're fucking self you lazy cunt!" Lorna said with pure venom.

"Go and fucking wake her now."

"No now fuck off, unlike Sammi I'm not afraid of you," she answered between gritted teeth.

"You fucking bitch..." he shouted whilst walking off down the driveway.

Going back into the house she heard that Danni and Sammi were awake; well that or they have ghosts she thought laughing at her own jokes; the lustful groans from upstairs sounded wonderful; going once more into the kitchen she finished making the breakfast and shouted up to the girls...

"Girlies breakfast is ready."

Hearing no reply she started to walk up the stairs; looking out of the window on her way where she saw the sleaz getting trounced by another neighbour she smiled and thought good he deserved it; not having to go any further as she then heard laughter coming from the landing...

"Come on you two, breakfast is ready."

"Well amongst other things we've just seen a very funny thing happening outside," Sammi said trying to hold back her laughter.

"What was that then?" 

"We saw Terry over the way giving Phil a smack on the chin!" Sammi said through her laughter.

"Yeah I saw that too...I thought you would be concerned." Lorna replied.

"No not at all...it's not the first time it's happened...stupid man...he'll go away for a few days now to sulk and no doubt bed some other poor bitch." Sammi smiled.

"So what are you planning on doing then Sammi?" 

"Well I'm planning on staying with you two...if that's okay...I have a forfeit to pay...remember!"

"It's fine with me." Danni said lustfully.

"Erm me too...you naughty girl Sammi," Lorna told her.

The three of them sat down and had the breakfast that Lorna had prepared; chatting as if nothing had happened by the roadside; the focus was now on Sammi who had agreed as part of her forfeit amongst other things to get one of her friends to come around at a later date, but only when she was sure that they would be a willing participant in their type of fun and games; also to be a sex slave to both Lorna and Danni; she couldn't wait to get started but first there were the mundane things to do around the house, the lovers reassured her that the games would start soon very soon...

They finished breakfast and started to do the household tasks; Sammi helped and then went back to her house to make sure it was all locked up properly and to tell the housecleaner to take a few days off; whilst she was away Danni and Lorna readied the locked room; they were excited as it was the first time they had used it with another woman...

"Oh I hope she likes it..." Danni said.

"I'm sure she will if last night is anything to go by!" Lorna replied smiling.

"You okay with this darling?" Danni asked her lover.

"Yes it will be fun as long as you're happy...then I am," she replied.

"Right let's get this room prepared...she's one lucky bitch," Danni laughed to Lorna.

Entering the room there was definitely an aroma of soft new leather; Danni switched on the light and the red and black wallpaper looked so sexy; as did the red leather futon with matching chair and stool; the soft furnishing equally as stunning; the few pictures that hung on the walls were of ladies at play in different eras; all adding to the sexual ambience...

Lorna went to get some of the toys from the dresser in the lounge, plus other things; they had decided to start the fun at around four in the afternoon that would give them enough time to go to the pub for some lunch and get back in enough time...

The doorbell rang so Danni went to answer the door...

"Lorna quickly come and help?" she shouted.

Running to help not really knowing what had happened; she reached the hallway and found Danni helping Sammi through the door...

"What the hell has happened?" she said, noticing that Sammi had a bloodied nose and cut lip.

"That sleazy bastard has obviously hit her..." Danni answered; doing her best to calm her new friend from crying; trying to get the reason behind her injuries out of her...

Lorna went to the kitchen to get the first aid box and a tumbler of brandy for Sammi, just to calm her nerves; taking a gulp it seemed to calm Sammi a little well enough so she could tell her friends what happened before she began she took another drink from the tumbler...

"You are right Danni that fucking bastard did hit me, but only after I told him that I'd had enough and made him pack his bags; well what was left of his things after I'd cut the most of them up; we started to argue and he actually blamed me for his misdemeanours; saying that if I paid him more attention last night he wouldn't have gone with that slut; I told him to fuck off and asked him about all the other times, he didn't really know what to say so he hit out at me; he's gone to his mothers now and I've got the keys to the car and house; first thing Monday morning I will file for divorce," she sniffled whilst finishing her drink.

Lorna and Danni listened intently to their friend giving her reasons for being in such a mess; they reassured her that she could stay as long as she liked and that when she wanted to return home they would accompany her to make sure he wasn't there...

"Now let's get you cleaned up?" Lorna said holding out a cotton wool pad soaked in water.

"Thanks girls." Sammi said smiling.

"Yes we have a lunch date at The Bear and Pole pub in the next village!" said Danni.

Cleaning her face up Lorna realised that Sammi needed to be loved and not used, but it would be her choice and not theirs...

Tastefully dressed they headed to the pub; studying the menu they all decided what they were having; Lorna made a mental note of the table number and her friends requests for food, drinks etc. and went to the bar to order...

"Hi, what can I get for you?" the bargirl asked.

Taking a look at the young girl Lorna smiled and thought to herself, 'good god you're beautiful'; she had eyes like dazzling emeralds a voluptuous figure and her face was angelic with flawless skin all dressed with her immaculate red hair cut very short; snapping herself out of the gaze Lorna answered...

"Sorry I'd like two rumps steaks cooked medium with the boiled rice, French fries and the peppercorn sauce...one tuna steak with French fries and a dressed salad..."

"Would you like any drinks?"

"Oh yes...we'd like a chilled bottle of Pinot Grigio with three glasses and a bucket of ice." Lorna replied with a smile.

"Your table number please?" the little red head asked.

"Number seven, just over there; if you wait on us there will be a huge tip for you?" Lorna smiled.

"I'll do my best, if you'd like to take a seat at your table I'll gladly bring your drinks over," the young girl replied smiling.

Walking back to the table Lorna remembered she had seen the young bargirl somewhere before but couldn't think where from; reaching the table her friends were chatting away Sammi being her ditzy self and Danni smiling from ear to ear and rolling her eyes at what she'd just heard...

"What's the joke can I join in?" Lorna asked.

"It wasn't meant to be a joke, I just said..." Sammi started to explain but got cut mid sentence by Danni...

"No need to explain...I understand," Lorna said smiling coyly at her two friends.

"I think our drinks are about to arrive," Danni announced, as the young girl delivered the drinks to the table.

"Hi Abby, I didn't know you worked here chick." Sammi said smiling at the young red head.

"Hi Sammi, yeah I work here when I'm not at Uni it gives me some money in my pocket; would you like me to put this in the middle of your table?" Abby answered.

"Yes please that would be lovely." Danni smiled.

"Thank you and if I can get you anything, please ask?" Abby smiled as she walked away.

"How do you know Abby then Sammi?" Lorna asked with intrigue.

"She lives in our close, over the road a few doors down from the neighbourhood bike," she answered.

Drinking the wine the three friends chatted away whilst waiting for their meal; Sammi filled them in on Abby's background, everything from her parents right down to her little misdemeanour when Sammi first moved to the neighbourhood about five years ago; this in particular Lorna found very interesting...

"So she used to watch you getting in and out of the hot-tub," Danni said.

"Yes she did. She must have been about fifteen or sixteen," Sammi answered.

Seeing her walking to the table with their food the three friends changed the subject of conversation and smiled politely; leaving Lorna having to guess if anything else had happened; whilst the girl was placing the food on the table Lorna gave her a gentle squeeze on her thigh just under her ass cheek, the girl looked at her and winked...

"Enjoy your meals ladies," she smiled cheekily...

Finishing their meals and the wine Abby came over to collect the plates...

"Can I get you any desserts ladies?" she asked.

"We'll have a look at the menu and I'll come down to order," Lorna replied.

While they perused the long list of desserts Danni went to the bar to order more wine, on her return she had a gleeful look in her eye...

"You'll never guess what my friends," she said smiling.

"What what?" Both Lorna and Sammi said in unison.

"That young girl fancies you Lorna; I swear she asked me that many questions I couldn't answer quickly enough!" Danni exclaimed.

"Piss off Danni." Lorna scoffed.

"Okay don't believe me, but its true my dearest friend."

"It probably is true, I never got round to telling you everything earlier, but without going into too much detail, she told me that she is like minded to us." Sammi told them in a very matter of fact way.

"Well come on tell me what dessert you want? I think mine might work behind the bar," Lorna laughed.

"You will have to share her with us?" Danni told her lover.

"Erm a sharing dessert. That sounds like fun!" Sammi smiled.

Danni and Sammi smiled as their friend went to the bar to try and get the young girl to join in their fun and games; reaching the bar Lorna waited for Abby to finish serving some other customers; so while she waited she studied her further Abby was about five feet six inches tall, a size sixteen at a guess with a lovely chunky ass and her tits heaved over the top of her blouse in a tasteful way not a slutty one, Abby was smartly dressed in her uniform of black pencil skirt and a white blouse they both hugged her figure beautifully and black leather ballet shoes. Having finished serving her previous customers Abby's attention turned to Lorna; she smiled lustfully and asked...

"Hello again, what can I do for you?"

"Erm...well for starters I'll have three fruit sundaes and for dessert...I think I'll have you, that's if you're on the menu? Lorna asked smiling wantonly.

"Let me put the sundae order through and I'll give you my details," Abby replied smiling.

Lorna couldn't believe what she had just heard, the young girl wanted her, but will she want the others to join in...

"Right I'm back...here's my mobile number...I finish at five and will be available at around six thirty...please ring me." Abby said almost begging.

Lorna walked back to where her friends sat with a stunned look on her face; after telling Danni and Sammi what happened at the bar the three friends giggled; they ate their sundaes, polished off the wine and headed back home with the knowledge that the night would be a little different than they had imagined...
