 A few weeks had passed since their first visit to the club, and they had regular visits from Sammi and her new friend Mel; she seemed a cute thing, mid twenties, with short, soft brown cropped hair, big brown sparkling eyes, quite petite at five feet four inches, lovely figure about a size ten and naturally tanned, toned skin; they made a lovely couple. 

They had also kept in contact with Maggie, she had visited the house once and they met her at The Art Club a couple of times; each time becoming more friendly; she had invited them into the city to watch 'Grease The Musical', however Danni and Lorna had yet to give her their answer...

"I've been online this morning looking for hotels in the city," Danni told Lorna.

"Oh why's that then?" she replied smiling.

"Well it's your birthday coming up and I thought we might take Maggie up on the offer of that show." 

"Erm that sounds like a plan, shall I text her or wait until she comes round to visit?" Lorna said excitedly.

"We can text her later, but for now let's chose a hotel for the weekend of your birthday." Danni said leaning over to kiss her lover...

Going through to the lounge where they would be more comfortable; they snuggled on the sofa and began to look through the long list of hotels; the ones closest to the theatre looked most appealing...

"The Corinthia looks very nice; shall I book that one darling?" Danni asked.

"It's very expensive," Lorna answered.

"No it isn't, its part of your birthday present and besides you're worth it," her lover said smiling.

"Well only if you're sure," Lorna said kissing Danni.

"Shall we have a drink? I can book it then while you're out of the room."

"Cheeky; what did you're last slave die from?" Lorna laughed getting up from the sofa laughing.

Whilst Lorna was getting the drinks Danni booked the hotel for the weekend in the city; she also booked a few extras just for the added surprise; when Lorna returned with the drinks Danni asked her why it was that Maggie only ever contacted them by text, when she heard the explanation Danni was gobsmacked...

"You mean her husband doesn't know!" 

"He has no idea; she told me that if he ever found out he would kill her." Lorna told her lover.

"Well in that case we will wait until she calls round to let her know we've booked the hotel," Danni said, still very surprised at what she'd been told.

"Shall we take these upstairs?" Lorna asked smiling wickedly.

"Are you trying to seduce me?"

"Yes, is it working?" she smiled.

"Hell yes!" Danni answered pulling Lorna towards her and kissing her, adding "can we have role play?"

"Be a good girl and I'll think about it!" 

Tenderly kissing, they were about to make their way upstairs when the doorbell rang, looking at each other they decide to leave it as they weren't expecting anyone; that is until it rings again...Looking through the spyhole Lorna couldn't believe what she was seeing, she then made the decision not to answer the door...but she did pick up the phone and called the police; he had made a nuisance of himself a few times since Sammi started divorce proceedings... 

"Oi you lesbian sluts; is that ditzy bitch of an ex-wife in there with you?" Phil shouted, before picking up a large stone and throwing it at the window.

From behind the closed door Lorna simply shouted...

"The police are on their way."

"Fucking lesbian bitch," he said with menace.

The officers arrived and arrested Phil under Section 5: public order; they took statements from Danni and Lorna and asked if they wanted to press charges to which they replied yes; then they took him away in the police car again...

"Well that's put pay to our evening of fun," Lorna said when they had gone.

"Oh I don't know; that female officer looked damn hot in that uniform." Danni replied smiling.

"Right get up the stairs you horny bitch; that earns you a good spanking."

Upon that promise Danni dashed up the stairs and headed straight for the shower; it wasn't long until Lorna joined her finding her lover playing with the bathroom vibrator which she took off her straight away...

"You are not in here to play," she told Danni sternly before pinching both of her nipples.

"Ow no please don't." Danni begged.

"I will do whatever I like; you have been a naughty girl and must take what's coming to you." She replied.

"But I..." 

"But nothing; I will tell you what to do and when; and you will do it; now hurry up, I will be waiting in the bedroom for you," Lorna told her...

Going through to the bedroom Lorna got out all the toys she wanted to use on her willing slave; a few minutes later Danni entered the room; the lights had been dimmed and Lorna was sat in the chair wearing a red basque, long red gloves and black stockings...

"Drop the towel on the floor and get on the bed with your ass in the air." Lorna told her.

Doing as she was told Danni climbed on the bed and stuck her ass in the air; she loved playing the slave and Lorna knew just how far to take it...

Walking over to the bed Lorna grabbed the leather paddle from the chest of drawers; Danni's eyes widened as her lover approached her; smoothing the paddle over her slaves ass cheeks and slowly slipping her fingers into the wetting snatch, Danni started to groan wantonly; Lorna lifted the paddle and smacked it down onto Danni's ass cheeks 'thwack', the noise of the soft leather on skin sounded blissful when mixed together with the emanating lustful groans from Danni...

Danni's pussy was dripping wet; Lorna placed the paddle onto the bed and picked up the nipple clamps...

"Turn over, lie on your back and spread your legs?" Lorna demanded.

She quickly did as she was told and was praised by her mistress; seeing the clamps Danni had a beaming smile on her face, she loved the heightened feeling from the pleasurable pain; after fixing on the clamps Lorna picked up the paddle once more and began to smack it gently down on Danni's exposed, throbbing bud...

"YES...YES...YES..." Danni groaned ecstatically.

Pulling the chain linking the clamps Lorna pushed her lover ever closer to the edge of a heavenly orgasm...

"PLEASE...PLEASE..." Danni shrieked as Lorna now teased her with the ball vibrator...

Danni's arms and legs began to flail and her groans became louder; Lorna continued with the onslaught of the vibrator before suddenly stopping...

"NO...NO...PLEASE DON'T STOP..." the slave screamed.

Lorna walked back to the dresser and grabbed what she knew would push Danni over the edge within seconds; making sure the smaller tip was well lubricated she then walked back to the bed; after getting Danni to lift her legs, Lorna started to thrust the dildo into Danni's dripping snatch making sure that the smaller dildo went up her puckered arsehole, Lorna then placed the bullet into the base and switched it on to pulse; then once more picked up the ball vibrator and teased Danni's bulbous bud...

"OH FUCK NO...PLEASE...PLEASE...YES...YES..." Danni wailed lustfully.

Lorna knew it was time to pull off the clamps; Danni's body started to buck as the earth shattering orgasm started to take hold, wave upon wave of heavenly euphoria ripping through her body as the beads of sweat trickled down her skin; the pain from the yanked off nipple clamps heightening the blissful sensation...

"YES...YES...YES..." she screamed as the feeling of ecstatic elation swept through her being.

Lorna slowly pulled out the silicone members to allow the torrent of Danni's sweet juices to splash onto the bed below; her lover lay limp for a few minutes not wanting the sensation to subside...

"Oh my god that was fucking amazing," Danni whispered to Lorna as they lay there kissing.

"You look so hot when you're coming," Lorna told her.

"Mmm...that's only because I have a fantastic lover," Danni smiled...

The two lovers lay in bed chatting about the following weekend's events; Lorna was very excited, it had been years since she had been to see a musical; she did however have to make sure that Maggie was still able to make it...

"We must text Maggie tomorrow to let her know about next weekend," Lorna told Danni.

"Shall we do it now, I'm so excited." 

"Yeah okay, I'll nip and get my mobile," Lorna replied.

Whilst Lorna was downstairs Danni went over to the dresser and opened one of the drawers; unwrapping the small box she looked inside and thought to herself 'I hope she likes it'; hearing her coming back across the landing Danni hid the package towards the back of the drawer and closed it as quickly as she could...

"What are you up too?" Lorna asked as she entered the room.

"Nothing at all," Danni replied smiling.

"Erm, why don't I believe you?"

Shrugging her shoulders Danni couldn't help but laugh...

"What are you putting in the text then?" she asked changing the subject completely.

"Well how does this sound?" Lorna asked...

Hi Maggie, just to let you know that Danni and I can make the show and we have booked our hotel, look forward to hearing from you...Love L & D

"Yes that sounds fine," Danni said.

Lorna sent the message and within seconds came a reply...

Hi L & D, that's fab news, can't wait to see you, and I will be plus one, will call around your house tomorrow evening about 7ish...Love Maggie

Looking at one another they were both intrigued as to who the plus one was...

"You don't think it will be her husband do you?" Danni asked.

"No...from what she told me I can't really see someone like that going to a musical," Lorna replied.

"Maybe it's her lover...or someone from the club," Danni speculated.

"We can ask her tomorrow." 

After changing the bedding the two lovers got back into bed and snuggled in the spoon position; Lorna nuzzled into Danni's neck, and slowly started to thrust her pussy against Danni's ass cheeks, knowing that this turned her lover on; they made love all-night, slowly and sensually pushing each other to ecstasy and beyond...

The following morning Danni woke first; the early autumn sun beaming through the window, she opened the blind to see two squirrels running across the lawn, she laughed and thought 'how cute'; heading for the shower, she stepped in and the water felt so invigorating, Danni squeezed the shower gel over her voluptuous tits and started to lather her body; knowing that she would have to have at least one orgasm before she switched off the water; closing her eyes she cast her mind back to when she saw Maggie lapping at Lorna's snatch...

"OH FUCK NO...NO..." she groaned as a wave of euphoria began to grip her. She rubbed harder at her protruding bud, until she was at the point of no return...

"YES...YES...YES..." she screamed ecstatically as the orgasm engulfed her voluptuous body.

Finishing her shower she patted herself dry, wrapped her wet hair in a towel, pulled on her bathrobe and headed downstairs; she switched on the kettle and put on a pot of fresh coffee; she decided to make a full English breakfast as a surprise for Lorna; switching on the radio she turned up the volume as one of her favourites was playing 'Going Underground' by The Jam, she danced round the kitchen singing as best she could; putting the bacon, sausage and hash browns in the oven, she prepared the tomatoes, mushrooms and beat the eggs ready to scramble them, she placed the bread in the toaster ready to toast and set the table...

"Lorna sweetheart; breakfast is almost ready," she shouted up the stair case.

"Okay babe; I'll just grab a quick shower." Lorna replied.

Walking into the kitchen the aroma from the cooking food grabbed Lorna's nostrils...

"Breakfast smells great," she told Danni whilst giving her a loving kiss.

"Well sit down and I'll serve it up?" Danni said.

Plating up the food and pouring her lovers coffee Danni added a rose to the serving tray; they both enjoyed the food in their own company, the music on the radio was better than usual for the local independent station; unbeknown to Lorna, Danni had put on a request and it was just about to be played and over the radio the D.J. announced...

"The next track is for Lorna ... to get you in the mood for next weekend ... all my love Danni"

Lorna looked at Danni beaming a smile whilst on the radio 'Summer Loving' played in the background; after finishing breakfast they stacked the dishwasher and settled back at the table for more fresh coffee and tea...

"You are full of surprises this morning," Lorna smiled to Danni.

"Don't know what you mean," she replied all innocently.

Going around the table Lorna began to tickle Danni in the ribs, telling her that she knew exactly what she was up to and she doesn't know how but she will get her revenge; they started kissing passionately and were unable to contain their lustful feelings, both pawing at the other's bathrobes which fell to the floor; the kitchen table would be a little hard they both thought and they led each other into the lounge...

"Oh my god...you are so horny this morning." Lorna told Danni before kissing and sucking on her nipples.

"Oh fuck...you know which buttons to press my darling!" Danni replied.

Just as they were about to make love the door bell rang...

"Fuck it...we're not answering it," Lorna scowled.

"Erm sounds good to me," her lover replied whilst grabbing Lorna's ass cheeks.

It rang again and again...

"For fucks sake...this had better be important," Lorna hissed.

She walked to the door and looked through the spy hole where she saw Sammi and Mel, opening the door still totally naked Lorna invited the two of them in...

"Did we interrupt something?" Mel asked, before grabbing Sammi's ass cheek.

"Yes you did as it happens." Lorna retorted.

"Sorry babe...carry on don't mind us!"

"Sammi I thought you were going to text or call us before you dropped round?" Lorna asked rather frustrated.

"I did but there was no answer, so we came anyway," she replied in her ditzy way.

Realising that she had left her mobile in the bedroom, Lorna warmed a little to their guests; Sammi as ever was her excitable ditzy self and Mel like Lorna always seemed to know which button to press; going into the lounge they found Danni lying on the sofa with her legs spread wide, her pussy glistening with dripping juice, her bud swollen to welcome her lover...

"Mmm you look inviting," Mel told Danni.

Startled by their visitor Danni sat up and tried to hide her snatch; looking at Lorna who went through to the kitchen and retrieved her bathrobe, covering up she felt a little more comfortable in Mel's presence; they both liked Mel but thought she was quite creepy in a sleazy way; Sammi went to sit by Danni and started to rub her thigh...

"Can I get you a drink?" Danni asked getting up from the sofa.

"It's a bit early for me thanks," Mel answered.

"I did mean tea of coffee!" 

"I'll have a coffee please chick," Sammi said smiling.

Going back to the kitchen Danni fastened her robe; Mel followed her and stood there watching Danni intensely...

"Are you sure you didn't get the text...or was that show for us?" Mel enquired.

"No we didn't get the text; Lorna left her phone upstairs, she told you," Danni answered feeling increasingly uncomfortable.

After pouring Sammi's coffee she made her way back to the lounge, having to squeeze past Mel who had deliberately stood in the way...

"Mmm nice knockers," she said smiling as Danni went past.

"Piss off Mel," Danni told her.

Presenting Sammi with her drink Danni went and sat near Lorna on the chair; the four of them chatted and Lorna told them that they would be heading for the city the following weekend; as much as Danni loved Lorna she could have slapped her for telling the other two where they were going, she didn't want Mel anywhere near her...

"Where 'bout's are you staying?" Mel asked.

"We are staying with friends," Danni answered quickly, giving Lorna an 'I don't want them to know' glance.

"Oh that's a shame we could've stayed at the same hotel," Mel told them.

Finishing her coffee Sammi stood up to take her cup to the kitchen; Mel gave her ass cheek a quick squeeze; following her the two of them had a grope and a kiss...

"Come on lets go to yours, I feel like playing before we go out," Mel said lustfully to Sammi.

"Well I was going to invite Danni and Lorna to the club later," Sammi said before kissing her new lover.

"Come on I need you now!" she said lifting Sammi's top and squeezing her tits; "Let's play here they won't mind," she assured Sammi.

"No we can't do that can we?" Sammi replied ditzilly. 

Sucking Sammi's tits Mel gently pushed her back on the table; she kissed her way down her body, undoing her jeans she pulled them down to reveal Sammi's honeypot; dropping the jeans on the floor she pushed her lovers legs open and began to lick the ever swelling bud; Sammi groaned with wanton desire as she could feel that it wouldn't be long before she reached the edge of an explosive orgasm; Mel began to play with the anal beads that she put up Sammi's ass before they visited their friends...all the time sucking and licking her lovers rampant bud...

"OH MY GOD...DON'T STOP...PLEASE DON'T STOP...AHHH FUCK..." Sammi shrieked ecstatically.

Danni and Lorna looked at each other and couldn't really believe what they were hearing...

"Cheeky bitch she only lives next door!" Lorna said.

"Yeah I think she has a bad influence," Danni replied with raised eyebrows, before heading for the kitchen...

They stood and watched their neighbour climax on the table, before Lorna picked up Sammi's jeans and asked her to dress and go through to the lounge; they explained to her that they liked her calling round however not to take advantage of their good nature; Danni also asked about the money Sammi owed her...

"I thought you said I could work that off," Sammi said nervously to Danni.

"Well you can, but it will be just the three of us, nobody else will be involved."

"So I'm not invited then." Mel scoffed.

"No." she was told by Lorna; finally she had seen the way she lusted after Danni.

"Yeah ok; when do you want me to start?" Sammi asked.

"When we get back from the city; I'm sure we will think of a way for you to work off the money," Danni said with a wry smile.

"Well who would like a drink; I'm about ready for a Vodka or three," Lorna asked.

They all had a drink and then Sammi and Mel left leaving the two lovers alone; thinking she had been too hard on Sammi, Danni wanted to discuss the issue further but Lorna wouldn't entertain it...

"Come on babe; I don't want to quarrel; you were fair in what you said, after all she does owe you the money," Lorna reasoned with Danni.

"Yeah I suppose so; okay case closed," Danni smiled.

They turned their attention to the weekend in the city; the two lovers decided to go and pack even though it was still a week away; Lorna drew the short straw and had to go in the loft for the suitcases; taking them through to the bedroom she found Danni lying on the bed with the ball vibrator in her hand...

"Oh you bad girl," Lorna teased as she walked to the bed and took the toy of her lover.

"But you never thanked me for breakfast; we were interrupted," Danni protested.

"Okay then; let me thank you now," Lorna said before planting a passionate kiss on her partners lips.

Softly caressing every curve of Danni's voluptuous body, Lorna decided to give her lover a massage; she whispered in Danni's ear so that she would turn over lay on her front; Lorna asked her if she wanted oil or lotion, she chose oil as it was more sensual; Lorna picked the one that had Tahitian vanilla and ylang ylang amongst other ingredients; slowly and sensually she massaged her lovers body, starting at her shoulders and moving down to her fantastic, soft, supple ass cheeks and continuing on down her curvy thighs and shapely calves ending at her feet; which she couldn't help but stroke with her thumb as she knew this drove Danni wild...
