 Note: The first story in this 'series' is "Danni Gets Her Wish." You don't really need to read it to understand this one, but I might write more stories that involve previous ones I've written. This story is told from Danni's roommate's perspective.

*

The only way I can think of to accurately describe her is trashtastically gorgeous. She strolled into our room with such confidence that, without even knowing her name, I wanted to be her. She looked over to the right, where I was sitting on the bed I had claimed as mine, and nodded at me.

"You're Morgan, right? I'm Danielle, but you can call me Danni."

"Hmm? Uhh....hi...Danni." Already I had made a fool of myself. I could feel my cheeks heating up and was sure she has already labeled me as a loser in her head. Surprisingly, she only gave me a light chuckle and threw her bags on her bed to the left of the door. 

As she started going through her things, I gave her once-over. She had her long medium blonde hair with underlying streaks of brown up in a ponytail that made her look like the innocent school girl that you just knew she wasn't. Her outfit consisted of a very low, very sheer white tank top with a thick stripe of silver sequins on top and a stretchy pleated denim mini skirt that barely covered her ass. From the apparent raw edges, I suspected she cut it shorter herself. An even bigger surprise than her outfit was what was under it. Or rather what wasn't. She was very obviously not wearing a bra, but if it weren't for the thinness of her shirt and her partially erect nipples you wouldn't be able to tell. I couldn't help but notice how large her breasts seemed in comparison to her body. She had to be a 34 or 36 DD, but couldn't have weighted more than 125 lbs. As she turned toward me, I noticed that her left nipple was pierced. Interesting, I thought.

"So Morg, what's your major?" Apparently we were at the point of nicknames already.

"Me? Oh, I'm majoring in business. What about you?"

"No clue. I'm thinking maybe fashion." I noticed her giving my outfit a quick look and suddenly felt grossly overdressed. By most people's standards I probably wasn't, but then again Danni wasn't most people. I was dressed modestly in a pair on worn in jeans and a pink t-shirt, but I somehow felt more exposed than her. She seemed very comfortable in her lack of clothing while I felt unsure of myself in mine. 

As we both moved to our dressers to put our clothes away, I couldn't help but to look at her once again. Standing almost next to her, I felt like her polar opposite. I was 5'3, had shoulder-length dark brown hair, and wore a 34C. I had never died my hair, had no tattoos and the only unnatural holes on my body were the ones in my ears. Her face was cute and heart-shaped but definitely had a sort of naughty presence and her attitude conveyed the same. She was a girl used to getting her way. 

I had wondered when she came in why she only had a couple of bags and not lots of suitcases like I had or maybe even steamer trunks like some of the other girls. From watching her unpack I gathered it was because most of her clothes could basically fit into the palm of her hand. Sure, she has lots of jeans and even sweatpants, but most of her clothes were tiny tops and even tinier bottoms. She flung fistfuls of thongs into the top drawer along with quite a collection of sex toys. I felt myself blush once again. She looked over and saw my reaction.

"What? You can't tell me you don't have any toys," she said.

I nodded my head, "Nope."

"Really? Well, you can always borrow mine," she said with a wink. Ok, then.

 

Later, we sat down on my bed and ate some pizza we had ordered when we were unpacking.

"So Danni, why didn't your parents come with you?"

She hesitated then answered, "My mom ran off when I was a kid and my dad isn't really good at letting me go. We have a really close relationship."

I sensed there was more to the story, but she didn't offer and I didn't ask. We went through all the typical getting to know you questions. Neither of us had boyfriends, I came from a kind of strict family while Danni came from a less conventional one and we both were really excited about starting our new college life. As she was talking, I noticed she had her tongue pierced and I asked her about it.

"Did that hurt?"

"No, not really. I'm used to getting piercings and tattoos though. I have two tattoos and, not counting the three holes in my ears, five piercings."

"Five? Ok, I see your nose, tongue, ahem...nipple and bellybutton. Where's the fifth?"

She smiled, "In the same area as my tattoos. Maybe you'll get to see them sometime." With that she winked again, gathered her shower stuff and went to the bathroom.

ONE MONTH LATER

Me and Danni were best friends now. We shared everything, including clothes and even toys sometimes, and were hardly apart. Most people couldn't believe it since we were such opposites, but it was true. We had both fallen into a rather comfortable if not different, routine. I was on the cheerleading squad and was one of the most skilled and popular freshman cheerleaders while Danni was the outrageous party girl. Needless to say, most of the squad hated her since, naturally, most of their boyfriends loved her. I don't know how Danni dealt with it. We were a fairly small school, about 1,200 or so, and every time one of the cheerleaders or their friends passed by her they either gave her a dirty look or had some equally vicious but lame remark. Not that Danni was one to take it. She always had a quick comeback ready and the situation never really seemed to bother her that much. I decided to ask her about it one day while we were hanging out in our room. She had just come in from a shower and we were both getting ready for a party.

"Do you ever feel hurt by what they say?"

"Hmm?"

"The cheerleaders, you know. All the rude comments and mean looks. Does it ever hurt your feelings?"

She dropped her towel on her bed and walked over naked to her dresser. Most girls would've been appalled by this, but living with Danni, I was used to it. Over the course of the month I had learned where that other piercing and two tattoos were. In between her legs. She had her clit pierced and the words "lick" and "here" tattooed on her inner left and right thighs.

"Oh, those bitches? Please!" She said as she shimmied into possibly one of the world's tiniest thongs. I couldn't help but notice her round, firm ass. "They hate on me cuz their boyfriends prefer my pussy to theirs. Besides I've licked half those cunts anyway. They're just embarrassed that they liked it so much they begged for more."

I nearly choked on the water I drinking. "What?! You've done what?"

"Huh? Fucked their boyfriends?", she said as she tried on one skimpy top after another.

"No! The part after that."

"Oh, licked their cunts? Yeah, I've done it. I think I've eaten just about every pussy on the squad. Varsity and JV. Every one except for yours. Hmm."

"Wait, when did this happen? I thought they hated you and that the feeling was mutual."

"Not really in the beginning. They liked me when they were lickin my twat, but when they found out their boyfriends were doing the same, and more, they got all pissy. Never stopped them from still trying to get up my skirt though."

I couldn't believe it. I knew Danni was a little slutty...ok a lot slutty, but I didn't know that she'd spread for the entire squad. And that they'd done the same! And she fucked their boyfriends. That's at least 10 guys – in one month! When the fuck did this happen?

"When the fuck did this happen?"

"Parties, dorm rooms, apartments, closets, cars, street curbs. Whenever I felt like it basically. Oh, come on. It's not like you didn't know I liked girls. Or that I couldn't keep my legs closed."

This was true. She'd told me all about her preferences, cravings and that she was very promiscuous. She'd even told me about her relationship with her father. Apparently she'd decided that she wanted to fuck him. And she did. Gotta admire the conviction.

"Well why didn't you tell me?"

"You didn't ask, "she said with a sly grin.

"What! What am I gonna say? 'Hey Danni, have you by chance fucked EVERY PERSON ON CAMPUS?'"

She laughed, "I would've told you."

"Oh, shut up and get dressed. I'm getting sick of seeing your ass."

"No, you're not," she said with a laugh, and I had to admit...I kinda wasn't.

We stumbled in from the party, more than a little buzzed, at around two in the morning.

"I am sooo tired," I groaned.

Danni giggled, "I am sooo horny."

"Danni," I said as I stripped my clothes, well her clothes actually, off and searched for my pajamas, "you're always horny."

"I know, but there were so many hot guys and girls at the party and I didn't get to fuck not one. My pussy's about to explode!"

I just laughed and continued to look for my stuff. I stumbled, stood still, and then bent to look through a pile of clothes on the floor.

"Looks like I'm not the only one who's more than a little riled up."

"Danni, what are you talking about? ,"I slurred.

"You. Your pussy is dripping."

"How you can even tell? It's dark."

"I can spot a wet pussy a mile away. Besides, I smell you all the way over here. It's not exactly helping the situation."

"Well, go get one of your toys."

I was used to Danni playing, very loudly, with her toys in the middle of the night. Sometimes I'd lie in bed and think about how good it'd feel to have one of them in between my legs. I often used her toys, but doing it at the same as her might give the impression that her playing turned me on. Not that it didn't. I just didn't want her to know that. Not yet, anyway. 

"I don't want just a toy. I want the real thing," she flopped onto her bed, naked as always. Finally giving up on my pajama search, I turned my attention to her. "I want to feel hands besides my own touching my body. I want to feel a real tongue lick my wet pussy and tease my clit."

As she said this, she lay on her bed, with one hand in between her open legs and the other playing with her pierced nipple. I'd always felt a little attracted to Danni, but this was too much. If I continued to watch her, I don't know what would happen. She got up and walked toward me.

"Don't you ever feel that way, Morg? I know you've never been with a girl before, but there's nothing better than somebody knowing exactly what spot to lick at what time. For every orgasm I've had with a guy I've had one ten times better with a girl."

I could feel myself getting wetter than I already was. She was right in front of me now, our nipples just barely touching each other, but obviously aroused by their proximity to another pair.

"Haven't you ever wanted to be with a girl, Morg? You've had to have thought about it."

I chose my words carefully. "Yeah, I've thought about it, but I couldn't just be with anyone. I'd obviously have to trust them and feel comfortable. I haven't met anyone like that. Besides, I wouldn't want them to get the wrong idea. I'm not interested in a relationship, I'm just curious."

"Well, you don't have to be curious anymore." And with that she closed the ever-dwindling gap between us and pressed her lips against mine. I felt the heat from her mouth move to mine and down toward my crotch. Just feeling her lips against mine aroused me so much I felt like I might collapse. We turned around in a half circle and she pushed me toward her bed. I landed upright on the end of the bed as she stood above me, still kissing me. She gently pulled away and got on her knees, right in front of my pussy.

She smiled wickedly up at me, "I'm gonna rock your world."

For the first time, it occurred to me that this might have been planned.

"Danni?"

"Hmm?", she replied, obviously too overcome with lust to be fully paying attention.

"Did you plan this?"

"Of course. Now relax...I'm hungry!" Before I could say anything, her head was deep in my crotch, sending electricity all through my body. I spread my legs wider and held her head there as she licked my slit furiously and slid a finger into my hot, steamy cunt.

"Ohh, Danni. Mmm, yes. Don't stop, please, don't stop."

"You like that, huh? I think you're a little more dirtier than you let on."

"What's that supposed to mean?"

"You didn't even try to object when I kissed you. I think you've wanted me just as long as I've wanted you."

"I don't know what you're talking about."

She plunged another finger into my pussy.

"Ohh, ahh. Ok, ok...I've wanted you. I've wanted to spread my legs for you since our first day here."

"Mmm, that's sexy." She pushed me back so that I was laying down on the bed and then laid on top of me. Her fingers were still buried knuckle deep inside of me. "Somebody's a nasty little lesbian. I bet all those times you were playing with yourself with my toys you were thinking about me. Thinking about how the same dildo was inside my juicy cunt, bringing me to orgasm over and over again, dripping with my cum. You were thinking about that, weren't you?"

Damn she was good!

"Uh huh," I managed to get out in between ragged breaths. God, there was something so sexy about her! Just knowing one of the hottest girls I've ever seen was laying naked on top of me made me wetter than I've ever been with a guy. She put her knees on either side of my body and sat up. This made me wet all over again. She was so dirty! Most people were turned on by pretty or beautiful people, but Danni had that nasty porn star quality about her that drove everyone crazy. She stood in front of me looking like the word trash personified. Her multicolored hair cascaded down in a disheveled mess over her tan shoulder and her inappropriately large tits sat high up on her small frame. Her smooth flat tummy, accented by a dangling bellybutton ring, led down to her even smoother pussy. There were no bumps, no cuts; it was like the rest of her had hit puberty but that one area.

"You like what you see?"

"Oh, yeah." I sat up and started to suck on her nipple. I felt her take a deep breathe and then moan. I ran my hands up and down her curves, aroused by how soft she was. I reached up with one hand and pinched her pierced nipple and smiled a little as she gave out a little yelp. I pulled back from her chest.

"Lay down.", I said, and she did. I slid down between her legs and inhaled her delicious scent. I'd never done this before, but now that I was here I wanted nothing more but to taste her pussy. I started slowly at her clit, circling the outside and then twirling around the ring. I felt her tense and close her legs around my head. Being forced a little closer to her throbbing cunt only made me want it more. I ran a finger up and down her slit and then quickly shoved three inside of her. Most other girls would have balked at this, but I knew Danni enjoyed the sudden rush of pain and pleasure I'd just given her. I slid up so that I was now laying on top of her. I kissed her so she could taste her juices that were all over my lips. She licked it up eagerly. I felt her move under me so that we could lay next to each other on our sides. She slid her hand in between my legs and starting rubbing my clit furiously as I plunged my three fingers in and out of her.

"Danni, fuck my cunt. Fill me up!"

She shoved three fingers inside of me like I'd done to her and I felt the shock run throughout my entire body. It hurt a little, but I hardly noticed since I was so wet. We were both so horny that our hands were working overtime pumping in and out of each others' voracious pussies. Hearing our increasingly loud moans only helped to turn us on more. If only all the boys she'd fucked could see her now, they'd probably cream their boxers. We were every man's dirty fantasy. Two hot and horny lesbian college girls writhing next to each other, mere seconds away from explosive orgasms. The thought turned me on more than I thought it would and I realized that my hand was basically going at light speed in between Danni's legs. Two seconds later, I felt her body convulse as she reached her climax. I fingered her faster and faster, prolonging her orgasm.

"Oh, God Morgan! If I didn't know any better I'd think you were a pro!"

I just smiled and licked her cum off my fingers. "Mmm, you taste soo good Danni." I said and flicked my tongue at her.

"You dirty little whore," she said as she laughed, "It's all right. You'll get yours in a second." 

She got up and walked over to her toy drawer and pulled out one I had never seen before.

"What's that?" 

"My new toy," she replied with a wicked smile.

"Uh-oh."

"Uh-oh is right." She then revealed the biggest strap-on I have ever seen. "My god, how big is that?"

"Eleven inches. And you're gonna take every one of them. Now bend over bitch." She smiled and put the strap-on on.

I turned around on the bed, got on all fours and prepared to be fucked crazy. I first felt her finger slide up in down and then dip slowly inside me. My hips bucked involuntarily and her whole finger slid in. 

"Mm, looks like your pussy's betraying you. You might be scared to have this in you, but your cunt definitely wants more."

She pulled her finger out and I soon felt her tongue flick across my clit. Soon she was sucking hard on it and slowly driving me crazy. She moved her tongue from my clit to my moist hole and started to lick furiously at my wetness. She pulled away, but before I had a chance to display my disappointment I felt the tip of the strap-on at my entrance.

"Mmm, Danni, give it to me. Fuck me with that big rubber dick. I want you to see how dirty I really am." Apparently this turned her on enough, because I soon felt 11 inches of false manhood shoved into my pussy. Not giving me a chance to recuperate, she quickly withdrew and plunged it deep inside me again. I wanted to pretend that it hurt, but in all reality, it felt wonderful. My pussy was throbbing, but was quickly adjusting to the ridiculous hugeness of the strap-on. I felt disappointingly empty without it inside me.

"Don't stop Danni, don't stop. Fuck me, fuck me hard!"

"Mmm, if you say so!"

I felt one more hard thrust and I almost blacked out from pleasure. My hips bucked again and with every push that Danni started, I met her half way. My pussy craved the monstrous cock and I couldn't stop fucking it. I felt my ass jiggle when Danni's body collided with mine or she smacked my ass. Before I knew it, she had grabbed a handful of my hair and was yanking my head back. I was screaming "Fuck me like a bitch!" and she certainly was. She had no regard for my pussy, slamming in relentlessly as my ass jiggled even more.

"Yeah, take it bitch. You're about to cum harder than any man has ever made you cum! You're mine now. You're gonna be my little lesbian slut. Cum on my fake cock, I know you want to."

The thought that this girl that I'd met a month ago could make me cum harder than any man I'd ever fucked drove me over the edge. My pussy released a string of spasms stronger than I'd ever felt. She kept fucking me through it all and made me cum two more time. Finally I begged her to stop. She pulled out, but told me she wasn't done yet.

"I never got a chance to really taste that cunt. I'm gonna lick your pussy dry."

She slid under me and pulled me down right over her face. She started to suck on my already swollen clit and I felt myself getting close already.

"Danni, I'm so sensitive. I don't think I'm gonna last long."

"You weren't gonna last long with my tongue anyway."

She buried her face in my pussy again, lapping my juices up ferociously. It wasn't long before she brought me to the brink again.

"Uh, uh....ohhhh! Danni! Shit, I'm cumming. Oh, oh, God, oh!" I collapsed in an exhausted heap. 
