 Thank you all so much for your feedbacks. I'm amazed by the number of comments I received on the very first day. I honestly thought it wouldn't go past 4 stars. Thank you all for your support. Aiming to please, here is the continuation of Gabrielle's story. Enjoy!

**************

SHE'S BACK

The past few days had been full of events but I was stalling in my seduction and was getting frustrated. Today was surprisingly rainy so we stayed home and the ambiance was relaxed for the most part. We ordered pizza and chilled, chatting and watching movies. I didn't see much of Matt, he came home in the morning and went straight to bed. So it was just us girls but it was alright. I was glad that the little talk we had the night before didn't hinder our relationship but the fact that I had to watch this gorgeous woman everyday without touching her was driving me crazy now. I needed to get her out of my system, for her sake and mine. 

When the evening arrived, I was feeling really stuffy. We were all in the living room watching the news on TV. I really needed to get some fresh air. I needed a break. 

"Daphne, don't you wanna go out?" I asked, hoping she'd say yes.

"Not really."

"What about you, Matt?" I asked. 

"No, I'm good. I'm just gonna chill with my girl... but you can take my car, if you want."

"You don't mind?" I was surprised by the offer.

"No, I trust you."

"Thanks, man!" I said jumping on my feet as he handed me his car keys. 

I took a quick shower and changed. I opted for a short skirt that showed off my ass, a light white blouse and flat shoes. I wasn't out to pick up someone but a woman still likes to look nice. Soon, I left the house shouting a "Have fun, lovebirds!" as I shut the door. 

I went downtown to explore the city a little more. It was not too hard to find my way. I recognized some of the places from our previous escapades but I wanted to try a new place. I parked the car and paid for a couple of hours. As I was walking on the main street, I noticed a bar across the street called Crimson Ribbons. 'Interesting name,' I thought, as I tried to see through the stained glass window, 'let's try it!'

The interior design was modern and chic, all in black and red. The bar was in a black wood with a shiny finish, highlighted with a red neon that was running all along its ten meters. The booths were made of black leather with red seam and contours and gave enough intimacy to their occupants. With dim lights, from where I was standing, I could only distinguish silhouettes. The decoration was really tasty with classy pin-up photographs in black and red frames. The walls were covered with red velvet. The music they played, a mix of jazz and soft EDM, was definitely my taste. It wasn't too loud so people could actually talk without yelling.

I headed to the bar and had a seat. The stools were a bit high for me but comfy, also made of leather with a red contour. And spinning. My favorites. While I was waiting for my turn, I observed the clientele. It was rather young. There were men and women but I felt the queer vibe right away. I guessed more than half of the clients were gay. It was a change for me. I rarely went to gay bars. My thing was to pick up "straight" girls in "straight" venues. 

I ordered a dry martini and started to sip it, relaxing a bit, when I felt a hand on my hip. I spun around and discovered a beautiful blonde smiling at me. The girl looked very different but I could recognize this smile among a million. 

"Shelby!"

"Hello, Gabrielle!" she hugged me.

"Please, call me Gabby. You're a friend now. What are you doing here?" I asked, happy to see a familiar face. 

"Waiting for you!"

"Is that so?" I rhetorically asked, thinking she was as direct as ever. "You look really gorgeous tonight. I almost didn't recognize you without your uniform."

She had a little black dress that was fitting her body to perfection. Her hair was tied up in a bun and she was wearing opened black heels. She complemented her look with natural make up and discreet jewelry. Her curves were really emphasized and she was looking tastier than ever. 

"Thank you. You look not bad yourself. You're alone tonight? Where are your friends?" she asked, subtly caressing my hip.

"Oh, they just wanted to chill at home and I, however, really needed some fresh air," I explained, pulling a face.

"Is it about that girl? She made quite a scene the other night," she remembered.

"Oh, you noticed that, huh? You're very perceptive."

"So what is it between the two of you? I thought she was with this black hunk."

"She is but she got the hots for me and has a hard time admitting it."

"You're so full of yourself!" she said slapping my shoulder.

"I am not!" I retorted, "It's the pure and honest truth."

We giggled for a while then she looked at me silently, directly in my eyes, with a suspicious look on her face. 

"What?" I asked.

"I was expecting your call," was all she said and without any invitation, she commanded my knees open, took place between my legs and pressed herself on my body holding my hips tight. 

The situation got hot pretty quickly as she started rubbing her lower belly against my pussy and caressing my thighs temptingly. She knew what she was doing. I took a look around and saw that no one really cared about what was happening between us. 

"What are you doing, little girl?" I asked as I sipped on my martini. 

"Getting you hot for me. Is it working?" she answered, smiling.

"It surely is," I chuckled, feeling my pussy getting wet. 

"Why didn't you call me?" she pouted. 

"I told you, little girl, I'm leaving soon," I answered, enjoying the contact of our bodies. I caressed her cheek, smiling.

"I don't care. I want you," she insisted. 

She closed the distance between us and kissed me. I responded and matched her intensity. I slid my arms around her neck to bring her closer and she held my waist tightly. Our kiss seemed to last long minutes. Her lips were so soft. I wanted more of it but she broke the kiss. 

"Wow!" was all I managed to say.

Shelby smiled at me, took my glass and my hand and whispered, "Follow me!" She lead me to a booth at the far end of the room where two beautiful girls were sitting. 

"Girls, this is Gabrielle. Gabrielle, this is Claire and this is Samantha."

"Hi, girls!" I said with a big smile, offering my hand to a ravishing brunette and a gorgeous redhead. 

"Hi, Gabrielle!" they chanted in choir with knowing smiles. They obviously had observed the scene at the bar.

"Please sit!" invited Shelby. 

I slid to the back. Shelby gave me my drink and slid into the booth right after me. There were plenty of room but she chose to sit right next to me, our thighs touching. 

The conversation was pleasant and lively. We introduced ourselves and I got to know Shelby better. She was twenty-five. She was fun to be with and smart. She was bartending while studying law at university. Claire and Sam were actually an item and had been dating for a couple of years now. We ordered another round of drinks and the conversation got hotter as we grew more comfortable with each other's company. 

"How did you two meet?" asked Claire, her eyes full of curiosity. 

"She waited on my table at the Cuckoo Clock."

"Oh, I see," and turning to Shelby, "So you hit on her first?"

"How could I let a little bomb like that slip between my fingers?" retorted Shelby.

"Girl, you better get your story straight. I hit on you first. You were way too busy working," I corrected her. 

"I know what you mean," said Sam, "she's a different person when she works."

"I can see that," I said smiling to Shelby and quickly caressing her cheek with the back of my hand. 

"Girls, what can I do to convince Gabby to spend the night with me? She's rejected me multiple times and didn't call me BUT I know she likes me," she opened up to them. 

"Ok. What prevents you from succumbing to the charms of our beautiful Shelby here?" asked Sam. 

Now, I was embarrassed. Being called out in front of those girls took me off guard. 

"I'm going back to Canada soon. I don't want to break her heart," I admitted. 

"Don't worry about her heart, she doesn't have one. She's all about pleasure. You should take advantage of it."

I looked at Shelby, puzzled but she was all smiles. She put a hand on my inner thigh, started rubbing her boobs on me in rhythm with the caresses she administered. She obviously didn't care about us not being alone. The atmosphere was relaxed and the alcohol helping, I spread my legs giving her access to my pussy. She moved her fingers up and down my crotch and I couldn't help but moan. 

"There she goes, Gabby. How can you resist that?" said Claire amused. 

Enjoying the attention she was providing, I bent and kissed her neck gently.

"Girls, you're looking hot together," added Sam. 

Shelby, without stopping caressing my pussy, firmly held my head with her free hand and kissed me deep and slow. That was super hot. She was super hot. I was moaning in her mouth, putty in her hands. I couldn't stop her and I didn't plan to. 

"Whoa, girls, get a room!" said Claire laughing. 

Shelby let go of my head and laughed at that comment. She was so sexy and I was getting wetter by the second. The contrast between my chocolate skin and her virgin white body was really exciting.

"Girls! Have you seen how hot she is? How can I resist that?" asked Shelby. 

"I hear you, girl. She's really hot. If I wasn't with Claire, I would jump on her myself," said Sam as Claire gave her a small elbow. 

It seemed as if the girls were all in this together to get me worked up. All this was surreal. I was used to be in charge but this little minx just took over my body. Maybe it was all the frustration accumulated with Daphne or simply the lack of sex but one thing was clear in my mind, I wasn't going to fight this anymore. 

"Is she always like that?" I asked. 

"Yeah, pretty much. If she wants you, she won't let go until you give in. She has her methods," said Sam.

"I know it's unsettling at first but you'll get used to it," added Claire.

Shelby had stopped rubbing my pussy. She was playing with my nipples through the fabric when I distinctly heard her mumble a "fuck that!" as she unbuttoned my blouse, enough to let my boobs out. I tried to stop her but she was like in a trance and, frankly, it felt super good. She started kneading them, in awe, then licked the nipples. She was young but really experimented. She seemed to know my body by heart and the right buttons to push. 

"Have you seen those?" asked Shelby, cupping and weighing my boobs, not lifting her eyes from them. 

"Please, stop!" I said embarrassed. 

I tried to move away from her, now my back to the wall buttoning back my blouse and tried to use my leg to keep a certain distance between me and her but she outplayed me. God, this girl was fast! She took advantage of my move and was now sitting right between my legs. She had grabbed my leg and placed it on the back of our love seat. 

"Oh girl! You better give up! She's on your case!" said Claire amused by the scenario unfolding before her eyes. 

"Go, Shelby! Go, Shelby!" chanted Sam. 

"Why do you want me to stop? Don't you like it?" asked Shelby innocently.

"On the contrary, I like it too much. At this rate, you could make me cum right here, right now."

All the girls laughed and I joined them. 

"What do you say, girls? Should I introduce her to my magic?" asked Shelby to the girls.

"Oh yes! It's been a while," said Claire. 

"What's that about?" I asked, intrigued. 

"Gabby, this girl can make any girl cum in five minutes," said Claire. 

"That's impossible!" I retorted. "Especially in public!" 

"I'm telling you, Gabby," insisted Sam. "I've witnessed it. It doesn't matter if you think you're straight or not. Even girls who think they can't cum with someone else's hand or someone else watching them are toast in five max."

I looked curiously at Shelby. 

"Is that true?" I asked.

"Uh-huh," she nodded with a devilish smile on her face. 

A shiver went down my spine. Of course, I wanted to see that but the fact that we were in public was putting me off. I guess she read my mind because, from that point on, she took charge. 

"Just relax, beautiful!" she said as she pressed her body onto me. 

Her touch was soft and warm. She kissed me again and this time I couldn't resist touching her. I took her pretty face in my hands and lightly caressed her cheeks. I turned up the intensity of the kiss. Her expert tongue explored mine and I got lost in her. She started moaning in my mouth and running her hands along my body. She was just irresistible.

"There you go, girl! She's worth it!" encouraged Claire. 

Obviously, this little private show enchanted the cute couple. Luckily for Shelby I was wearing a skirt that night. 

"Here we go!" she said as she winked at the girls.

With my spread legs, she accessed my pussy easily and resumed caressing it with her expert fingers.

"Mmmmh... don't stop!" I moaned in her arms. 

"I don't plan to," she answered. 

She expertly unbuttoned my shirt again, exposing my boobs again Then, she quickly moved my panties on the side and rubbed my love bud. I started shaking. She kneaded my boobs, kissed and licked my neck, one of my hot spot. I started to softly moan non-stop. She collected some of my abundant juices and spread it to ease her moves. She was so good at it. I made a mental note to save her number. We never know when I'll be back to Florida. 

"You're so wet baby, I can't believe it!" she whispered, kissing me, pleased with my body's response. 

"Fuck me!" I begged her in a gasp, completely lost in the sweet sensations she was providing. 

"Are you sure? I wouldn't want you to start screaming in here," she chuckled. 

"Don't worry! I'll control it," I told her confidently. 

She took a look at the girls. They were literally drooling, their eyes full of lust. They both nodded in sign that Shelby should go ahead. At three against one, Shelby yielded. She kissed me one more time then looked at me with burning eyes. 

"Hold on tight, baby!"

I was so wet she had no problem inserting directly two fingers. It was feeling so good. I couldn't believe what we were doing in the main room of this bar filled with people. The booth was in the far back so the most isolated and the ambient music was covering my whimpers but still. I leant back against the wall, closed my eyes and tried to remain silent but her expert fingering techniques made it really hard. I was sweating and panting. It was so good. 

At this point, I let everything go. She could literally have asked me to do anything I would have said 'yes'. She fucked me straight up, not too quick and not too slow but when she added a third finger and some kind of twisting movement I couldn't help but moan a 'fuck' which made Shelby smile. It was almost like she was fucking my brain. I felt her penetrating my pussy but it was as if she was fucking my whole body from head to toe. I couldn't comprehend what was happening to me. She fucked me good with her right hand while playing with my boob with her left and kissing and licking my face and neck. I couldn't believe the skills she got. It was indeed like magic.

She accelerated the pace and started curling her fingers right on THE spot. Oh. My. God. She was amazing. Now I was mentally patting myself on the back for wearing a skirt. I started moaning louder. I guess she saw it as a sign because she accelerated her pace.

"Shit, shit, shit, shit, shit!" I shouted between my teeth as I voiced the infinite pleasure running through my body. 

"Look at me, baby," she whispered. 

I opened my eyes. She was looking at me with her killer smile. 

"You're so beautiful," I managed to say, sweat pearling on my temples. 

"Thank you, baby. You're beautiful too," she whispered. "Gabby, not only you're beautiful but you're the sexiest girl I've ever seen. I want you to come home with me tonight. I want to make love to you all night long. Please, say yes," she begged me. 

I could see she was being sincere and suddenly any reticence I had left in me just vanished. My heart melted. I nodded. 

"Really? It's a yes?" she asked. 

"Yes... hmmmm... I'll go home... with you..." I answered in a moan. 

I put my arms around her neck and kissed her passionately. She then went full on fucking mode on me, added a fourth finger and accelerated to the max. She succeeded playing with my clitoris at the same time. I couldn't believe what was happening, what she was doing to me. I bit my fingers not to moan louder. She sped up her fucking again and suddenly I felt an immense pressure building up. 

"Oh my god! Oh my god!" I groaned. 

"That's it, beautiful! Let it go!" whispered Shelby. 

"Here it comes," said Claire. 

My body stiffened, my breath stopped for a few seconds, then the world disappeared into an explosion of sensations.

"Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck!" I groaned as my body shook uncontrollably. 

"That's it, baby, give it to me!" cheered Shelby.

I needed something not to scream the orgasm was so intense. I leant into her and bit her shoulder as waves after waves of pleasure thrashed my body from bottom to top. It was too much for me. I didn't even hear her gasp from the pain I inflicted her but she didn't stop. She was now rubbing my clitoris as fast as she could to make the ride last longer. I had never experimented anything like that. I was crying. 

When the orgasm subsided, she slowly caressed my whole pussy up and down a few times then stopped. She held me tight for a while, caressing my back. I was still having tremors here and then. After a couple of minutes, I was able to speak. 

"Oh my god, Shelby! That was amazing!" I said. 

"YOU are amazing," said Shelby, wiping the tears off my cheeks. 

"Wow! Shelby, this orgasm that you gave is my new number one. It was so hot!" said Claire.

"What did we tell you?" Sam told me. 

"What's the time?" asked Shelby. 

"You haven't lost it. 4:53.78," said Claire, high fiving Shelby. 

"What? You timed it?" I asked, trying to understand what was going on.

"Of course. She has a reputation to maintain," answered Claire. "Each time, we start the clock at 'here we go' and stop it at the first spasm. It never fails."

I looked at them in disbelief. 

"You, bitch," I finally burst out laughing and kissed Shelby on the lips. 

"And you have seen nothing!" smiled Shelby.

"I can't wait to see what you have in store for me," I said rubbing her ass.

"I can't wait to bring you home," she said kissing me.

"Girls, we can't wait to get home too. You got us horny as hell," said Claire standing up. "Come on, babe, let's go." She turned to me. "It was REALLY nice to meet you, Gabby. Hopefully, we'll meet again before you leave." 

"It was really nice to meet you too." 

Once they were gone, Shelby wanted to confirm one more time.

"Are you sure about this? You won't have any regrets?"

She was still between my legs and we were just enjoying our embrace in the intimacy of our booth. I spanked her slightly. 

"Don't you dare think that. Ever. Actually, give me your cell?"

"You're gonna give me your number?" she asked hopeful.

"Nope! That will come after our night, IF I'm satisfied," I answered giving her a quick peck on her lips.

She handed me her cell, curious of what I was going to do. I dialed Daphne's number. 

"Hello?" I heard Daphne's voice.

"Hey, Daphne! It's me. I just wanted to call you so you don't worry about me. I'll spend the night out."

"Oh! You've met someone?" she asked with a mix of curiosity and concern.

"Yeah. An old friend," I said smiling and winking at Shelby.
