 Here's the third installment. Please let me know what you think in the comment section. The 4th chapter is on its way. Enjoy!

***************

KINKY MORNING

I felt a wet warmness on my underbelly. The sensation was strange. This whole dream was strange. My eyes finally fluttered open but the wetness was still there. Still in a daze, I managed to distinguish 8:04am on the clock. I overall felt OK but this wet, warm sensation wouldn't go away. Suddenly, it moved towards my center. Oooh. Damn! Daphne. Bad. Girl. I quickly lifted the sheet to confirm I wasn't dreaming. She had her head buried between my legs, her eyes closed. My surprise wasn't small. I was glad she was to take initiatives in our relationship but I wasn't expecting that from her so soon.

I remained still, letting her do her thing for a while. Daphne had succeeded spreading my legs in my sleep and was now feasting on my juices. I moaned and spread my legs wider. All I could say was she's a natural. When I got close, I plunged my fingers in her curly hair and pressed her head against me.

"Oh yeah... babygirl... that's it..." I moaned. 

She was good at it. With a little practice, she could be exceptional. I started to feel the heat crawling up my legs and couldn't help but grind my pussy in her face. She was probably surprised by my aggressivity but she held on to my hips and carried on with her task.

"Aaaaah... Babe, I'm gonna come..."

She focused on my pink bead, sending me into orbit. I contained my orgasm as much as I could. I didn't want to wake up Matt. As I started to relax again, she kissed her way up my body until she was on top of me.

"Good morning," she said, emerging from under the sheet with a big smile on her sticky juice covered face.

"Morning, babe," I chuckled. "What a sight!" I said caressing her wet cheek.

"I wanted to taste you. I couldn't wait. I'm sorry," she said kissing me.

"That's REALLY OK," I said in a moan. "How did you find the taste?"

"It's... different. It took me aback at first. It's peculiar, surprising but the more I licked and the tastier it got," she answered as she kissed me.

"Tell me one thing. I probably already know the answer but... Have you done this before?"

"Nope, it was the first time but after the incredible things you did to me last night, I wanted to reciprocate. I was too tired last night," she said kissing me some more.

"Oh sweetie, you really didn't have to. I told you, last night, it wasn't about me," and looking in her eyes, "but... thank you!" I laughed kissing her.

"Was it good for you?" she asked, concerned.

I kissed her forehead. "Babe, for a first timer, it was more than good!"

I held her tight and rolled over her. Now in control, I started to kiss and lick her all over. She was laughing whole heartedly out of surprise.

"Shhhh..." I said, "Matt could hear us."

"Matt's gone. That's why I'm here."

"Hmmm... Wanna get kinky?" I asked raising an eyebrow.

"Uh-huh," she bit her bottom lip.

"You know you're sexy when you look at me like this. 'I wanna fuck you but you already know I wanna fuck you'," I sang Akon's lyrics.

"You already did," she laughed.

"Nope. I fucked you the ol' fashion way. Do you wanna try fucking 2.0?"

Now she was intrigued. I squeezed her butt and got out of bed. I went and picked up my travelling bag. I took out the harness and one of my favorite dildos out, a sky blue eight inch dildo with a large girth, and held them out for Daphne to see.

"Oh my god!" said Daphne in shock. "I've only seen this on the internet."

"Well, now you're gonna try it first hand. Let me go to the bathroom first and I'll be all yours.

I went to pee and, while at it, I brushed my teeth and freshened up. I came back to the room and took the harness and dildo from Daphne's hands who was playing with it. She blushed instantly which made me smile. It took me a minute to set it up then I presented myself in front of her. 

"Do you like my dick?" shaking the light blue phallus.

"It suits you perfectly. You're kinda hot, actually. I never thought I'd say that one day!" she laughed.

She was now kneeling on the bed. I stepped right in front her. 

"Suck it, babygirl. Show me how you suck Matt's dick."

"What? You want me to suck on this? But it's plastic!" she said, surprised.

"You don't want to please Mommy?" I asked very seriously. 

"Yes, Mommy," she answered,suddenly intimidated. 

Until now, I hadn't shown much of my dominant side. In that moment, I wanted her to feel it now. I wanted her to understand that I could take her whenever, wherever and however I wanted. When we were together, she was mine. 

"Suck it, babygirl," I said putting my hand on my hips, waiting and smiling devilishly. 

Daphne took my blue hard glory in her hands and caressed it a few times. She then looked at me in the eyes. I was worried of her reaction but was relieved when all I saw was pure lust. She put it in her mouth and slowly sucked it. 

"Matt is a lucky man," I said. Daphne was fully focused on her task. "I'm sorry for him, babygirl. You know why?" She shook her head without stopping the sucking. "I'm gonna fuck you hard and long, better than Matt has ever fucked you and after that, everytime he'll be in you, you'll think of me." She looked up at me. "Lay down, babygirl." She complied and opened her legs wide, full of anticipation. "Good girl."

She was already super wet so I didn't add any lube. I placed myself between her legs and rubbed my shaft against her luscious meaty lips. She started moaning. 

"I'm gonna make you scream, babygirl," I said with a sly smile.

I pressed the head of the dildo against the entrance and penetrated her folds. Daphne pushed me back with her hand a little.

"Babe, it's so big. I don't think I can handle it."

"It's ok, babygirl. All the girls say that at first but then they can't get enough. The human body can adapt to a lot of things if you let it," I said withdrawing and penetrating her again.

Daphne moaned. I pressed another inch in then withdrawn. She groaned. I reinserted the dildo and started to pump it, just the head of it. Daphne groaned again. I pressed myself further in until half of the phallus was in and resumed fucking her. When I thought her body was ready, I just slammed her pussy. She screamed. I bent over her in a plank position and looked at her face. She was grimacing from the uneasiness felt with this foreign object inside her. I was still, giving her body time to adjust. 

"Are you ok, babygirl?" I asked as I kissed her.

"It's so big. I'm feeling like I'm a virgin." 

"Mommy's proud of you. It's all in. Do you feel it? Look!" 

Daphne looked down and gasped as she realized the huge dildo had completely disappeared inside her body. I moved my hips from side to side to make it easier for her, withdrawn halfway to plunge it back gently and stood still again. 

"Oh my god," she gasped. 

"Babygirl, nothing's better than Mommy's dick," I chuckled. 

Daphne's laughter was cut short when I removed and plunged it again. 

"Mmmmh... oh my god..." 

"You like it?" 

"Yeah, now that my body is getting used to it." 

"Ok. Get ready for the ride of your life."

I put myself in a half plank position and held her shoulders. I kissed her as she put her arms around my back and caressed me. 

"Mmmmh... I love your body... It's so tight..." 

"Thanks, babygirl. Your body feels good too."

I started to move my hips and fuck her slowly as I kissed her. I looked up and checked the clock. It was 08:37am. My competitive nature took over. I wanted to fuck her at least for a full hour and maybe make her cum a couple of times. I promised her she wouldn't regret laying in bed with me and I was keen to stick to my words. Watching her face getting distorted out of pleasure was such a satisfying vision. I rose on my knees and grabbed her legs. I continued to fuck her in a steady slow rhythm for long minutes. Seeing her so open and exposed to me was a real turn on but I wanted to make it last as long as possible. She was looking at me or should I say my boobs.

"You love them, don't you?"

"Mmmmh... yeah... mmmmh... they're... gorgeous..."

Her pleasure made it hard for her to talk. I loved it.

"You know what part of your body I prefer?" she shook her head. "I love your fat, meaty, juicy, sexy pussy. I'm gonna miss it when I'm gone."

"Really?... I wish... It wasn't... that big..."

"Nonsense! It's so pretty! When I see your fat lips I just wanna lick them, babygirl, you have no idea!" I said smiling to her.

She was looking at me. She smiled back and held my waist as I continued fucking her.

"Is that... true?"

"Oh yeah... and your big clit... Do you know it was one of my fantasy? How could you hide this from me?" I asked laughing.

She laughed and started caressing my boobs.

"They're beautiful. You don't know... how many times I dreamt about... holding these in my hands... and suck on them... they're just marvelous..."

"Girl, you have a boob fetish," I declared.

"What? You think so?"

"You're obsessed with them, I can tell that much."

I grabbed her hips and pound her hard for a good minute then went back to slow strokes. I was sweating now. She was moaning nonstop now. I took one leg and put it on my shoulder to change the angle.

"Ohhh... that feels so good..."

"It's just the beginning, babygirl."

After a while, I put her leg back down, pressed her legs wide open on the bed and sped up the fucking. At every thrust, the base of the dildo was hitting my clit. I was feeling good but I knew it would be long before I cum again. It was just perfect. I wanted Daphne to experiment THE dick. I fucked her good and freed one hand to stroke her shaft. Now with all the arousal she felt, it was elongated and easy to manipulate. Daphne jumped when she felt my hand and went crazy. She started to buck up. Without stopping my thrusts, I slightly shifted position. I took her by the hips to bring her closer to me and put a hand on her belly to secure her and resume the stroking of her shaft with some of my saliva. It was time for her first cum of the day this morning.

"Ay dios mio," she screamed, shaking her head side to side.

Hearing her swear in Spanish was a good sign for me. It was one more motivation to continue the sweet torture. She was trying to arch up but I held her still, making it impossible for her to escape my experts fingers. Suddenly her breath stopped and a long groan came out of her throat, almost like a wild animal. It became louder and louder until convulsions took over her body.

"Fuck... fuck... oh... ohhh... ahhh..."

She couldn't stop screaming. I kept stroking her clit until she pushed my hand away. I held her legs to the bed and kept giving her steady long strokes for long minutes though. I then let her legs go and bend over to kiss her not stopping the fucking.

"Oh... Mommy... It's fantastic..." she said. 

"It's not over," I smiled, kissing her.

I withdrawn then helped her to turn around. She was now laying on her stomach. I glanced quickly at the clock. It was 9:05. I straddled her and massaged her soft body. I kissed and licked every bit of her skin. 

"Oh babygirl, you're gorgeous." 

I grabbed a handful of her hair, forcing her head to turn and gently kissed her. I was now on top of her and slid my hands between her stomach and the sheets to reach her lovely clit and caress it while I kissed and licked her neck. Daphne was in a bliss, moaning at my every move, squirming under my every touch. As my arm went numb, I switched and this time slid my right hand between us to access her meaty lips from behind. 

"I love your pussy so much, babygirl, you have no idea," I whispered in her ear. 

She moaned and shivered.I went on my knees to look at this beauty. I took her by the hips and lifted her so that her ass was up in the air. I caressed her cheeks, kneaded them, kissed them, spread them to access the generous lips.

"So beautiful," I said spreading her pussy open. 

I put two fingers in her vagina, pumped it a few times and licked her juices off my fingers. She tasted so good. Her pussy was so inviting, I couldn't help but lick it a few times. I adjusted my position and penetrated her doggy style. She was so wet her juices were dripping down her legs. I pumped my dick in her vagina steadily, gradually increasing the pace and intensity of my thrusts. I wanted her to feel it and she did. She started to shake and I went full force on her. I was focused. The room was silent except for the light banging of the bed against the wall, the slapping of my body against her ass and her continuous moans. I was like a machine and soon Daphne reached her point of no return. 

"Ay dios mio!" she moaned.

"That's it, babygirl... Come on! Make Mommy proud!" I told her, fucking her even harder. "Come on... Come on... Give it to me!"

That's when she screamed. I didn't stop. I fucked her through her orgasm and some more. Now I could allow myself to come. I withdrawn and stopped a minute to caress and kiss her ass cheeks. I turned her over, spread her legs and inserted just the tip of the dildo. I fucked her like that for a couple of minutes while caressing her body. It's then I noticed tears rolling down her cheeks. I stopped.

"What's wrong, babygirl?" I asked worried. 

"I didn't know it could be like that," she said crying. "I'm sorry. It's just that it's unbelievable."

I bent over, caressed her face tenderly and kissed her. She was getting to me real deep. What will I do when the time will come to leave?

"Shhh... It's ok, babygirl. You can cry all you want as long as they're tears of happiness."

I just held her while she settled down. I was just enjoying having her in my arms but I also wanted her to have a great experience. "Do you want me to stop?" I asked looking deep into her eyes. I was giving her a out but I knew she wanted more. I was guessing it had to do with her latina ancestry. She had a strong sex drive. I could feel it.

"I don't want this to stop but I don't think I can cum again, Gabby."

"Babe, your body can take much more. Plus, I'm not quite finished with you," I said reaching for her clit and gently stroking it while resuming my fucking. 

"Oh God," she said surprised. 

"You've prayed god a lot lately. I didn't know you were that religious," I said laughing. 

She grabbed my boobs and sucked on my nipples. Her pink lips on my ebony skin were so sexy. I got wetter and more excited than ever. I sped up and she laid back down. I focused on the fucking, her sensations and mine, I wanted to make her scream again.

"Ay dios mío... no pares... mamacita... don't... stop... oh... oh... oh..."

The more I fucked her, the louder she got and the more Spanish she used. She was holding my rolling hips then slid her hands to my butt. I was ecstatic. I knew she would come quickly and my climax was coming too. I accelerated. Each time I plunged in, I moaned out of clit stimulation.

"Hmmm... Babygirl, I feel so good. I want you to cum with me."

"It's coming, Mommy..." She held me tight in her arms and added "I'm gonna cum for you, Mommy."

"That's a good girl," I said starting to seriously pound her fat pussy.

Penetrating her was like possessing her, acquiring a piece of her soul and I was so grateful to her for sharing this intimacy with me. I felt her body get stiff under me and she plunged her nails in my back. It hurt but I didn't stop and she started shaking and screaming. She was super loud but I couldn't care less.

"Mommy... Mommy... aaaah..." she screamed.

Her words and the vibrations of her hot body against my skin sent me over. I groaned in her neck. 

"Oh... fuckfuckfuckfuckfuck..."

I kept pounding her for as long as I could until my body gave up and collapsed on top of her still filling her pussy with my hard cock.

"Hmm... Hmmm..." I kept groaning with each aftershock. "It's so good."

Herself was just laying on her back. I thought she had passed out but, after a moment, she regained composure and resumed caressing my body. I checked the clock, it was 9:43. I was still overwhelmed by the climax I received from her, when I felt her thrusting her hips again, literally fucking herself on the phallus.

"You're insatiable," I chuckled.

"You make me wanna."

I was still laughing when she suddenly stopped moving. She took my face in her hands.

"Gabrielle, I have to tell you something," she said biting her lip.

"What is it? What's wrong?" I said withdrawing from her and rolling on my side.

When she used my full name, I knew it was a serious matter. I removed my harness to be more comfortable and focused on her. I was looking at her, searching for any kind of negative signs or regrets on her face but there were none. She was just happiness and contentment embodied.

"Gabrielle," she readjusted herself to face me, "To tell you the truth, I've dreamed of the night we had for years, now..."

"Really?"

"Yes, really. Before I left Toronto, three years ago, we met and you were so gorgeous I couldn't take my eyes off of you but you didn't seem to care so I didn't insist. I thought I had forgotten all about it but when I saw you at the airport, my heart made a jump and all my suppressed emotions resurfaced."

I was in shock. I was just looking at her in disbelief. I wasn't expecting this at all. She kept going.

"That's why when you were relaxing by the pool I put on my sexiest bikini and joined you. I wanted you to notice me. I thought you'd try and kiss me. I didn't expect you to get off in front of me. It totally took me off guard and I got scared. The physical attraction I felt for you then was so strong I couldn't acknowledge it. I've never felt anything like this before. To be honest, I always thought I was straight but your mere presence in the room makes me melt. It's driving me crazy sometimes." She was shaking a bit. 

"Shhh, baby. It's ok," I said caressing her cheek. "Three years ago, I DID notice you were looking at me but I didn't think you were attracted to me, at least, not as a serious physical attraction... Until I tested you that day by the pool. You were so sexy, I wanted to jump on you. I was convinced you wore that bikini for me and decided to test your limits. I could have kissed you then but, for me, a kiss is too intimate to be wasted on someone who doesn't want you and, at that point, I wasn't sure you wanted me as much as I wanted you."

"I understand what you mean," said Daphne.

"Then, when you denied what I thought was obvious, I went crazy. I was so sure you wanted me but you kept saying the contrary. I got really mad. I wanted to be sure because you were sending me too many signals. I'm sorry for being so aggressive that night," thinking about our little "discussion" at the Cuckoo Clock.

"That's ok, I totally understand your position and all the frustration I inflicted you," after a pause she added "What is it between you and Shelby?"

"Are you jealous?" I asked, playing with her curls, wanting to know how she felt about the lovely blonde.

"A little bit," she admitted, "but I'm also genuinely curious. She was so cool and in control that night at the bar. I was jealous that I couldn't be so direct and open with you. It would have facilitated this whole process."

I remained silent a while choosing my words carefully. 

"Shelby is a lovely girl, a free spirit. I don't think she wants to settle down with anyone at the moment but when she's with you, when she chooses you, she's all about you. She just makes you see the world a whole new way. She's amazing, sexy, intriguing, scary sometimes and she's cool and she's beautiful and she's addicting. She's worth knowing."

Daphne was frowning now. I was curious of what she had in mind.

"A penny for your thoughts," I said caressing her cheek. She just smiled. "What's in that little head of yours at this very moment, babe?" I asked, a bit worried.
