 Hello, dear readers!

Sorry for the delay but these last weeks were hectic. This last chapter is a little bit longer. I hope you'll like it. Let me know what you think in PMs or in the comment section. I'm always open to feedback as long it's constructive. I reply to all messages requiring an answer when the email provided is functional. Check your spams for replies. This was my first erotica story ever but in the process of writing this one, I got a lot of different ideas. If you like it, this will only be the beginning. I hope I'll get better along the way. My wish is to take you where those characters take me. I really hope you enjoyed Gabrielle's story! Thanks again for reading this. Here's the 4th and last chapter of Gabrielle and Daphne's story.

Enjoy! xo

******************

UNWELCOMED

Waking up with her was one of the things I really enjoyed. In the middle of the night, I was awaken by a series of soft kisses on my face and neck.

"Mmmmh... I would pay to be awakened every day like this..." I said half-asleep.

"Hey, baby!" she smiled. 

"Hey, you!"

She kissed me passionately as her soft skin brushed mine which definitely finished to wake me up.

"What's got into you?" I chuckled.

"I want you."

"I'm all yours. What do you need?" I asked her.

"I need to make you feel good again."

"OK but I was thinking more of pleasing you."

"Mmh-mmh, it's still your turn," she said with a mysterious smile.

She disappeared and came back with a blindfold.

"Oh OK, you wanna play that game. It's fine by me. Go ahead."

She placed the blindfold on my eyes and caressed and kissed me. The sensation was fantastic. My body became alert of the minute move she made as she explored my body with her fingers, tongue and lips.

"Oh... don't stop..." I moaned.

My body was willingly accepting all her treatments. She was gentle and my senses all awakened. She was taking the upper hand here and I didn't mind. I was pleased to see her taking initiatives. That meant she was into this relationship as much as I was. 

"Don't move, I'll be right back."

She came back a few seconds later and attached my wrists to my ankles with soft clothes, some sort of scarves, so that my arms were stuck along my body and my knees up. She then spread my legs again and kissed my pussy. She licked me for long minutes then withdrew. I waited a few seconds and then her tongue attacked me again more insistent. It was skillful but somehow felt different; I couldn't pinpoint it. It was feeling good nonetheless. A couple of minutes later, I was cumming all over her face.

I was bathing in the euphoric aftermath of my orgasm when suddenly Daphne kissed me.

"What? What's going on?" I asked, out of breath, still feeling my pussy being licked.

"Shhh... It's OK, Gabby," whispered Daphne. "It's OK."

What??? Matt was licking me? I tried to protest but Daphne kept kissing me and licking my body all over. Matt wasn't stopping whatever he was doing with my pussy. It felt good but the fact that I didn't personally agreed to it really upset me. I was still weak from my orgasm and Daphne had no trouble pinning me down. I was still trying to fight back but Matt and her teaming up on me was too much.

Matt had stopped licking my pussy and was now rubbing my clit with his dick and it felt heavenly. Daphne was still holding my shoulders down onto the mattress, licking and kissing my neck while kneading my boobs. It felt good too. 

"Let me goooo," I begged her.

I think she heard in my voice the urgency of my demand because she untied me. I tried to stand but Daphne pinned me down while Matt kept on rubbing his dick against me.

"This is not fair. You'll pay for this," I whispered.

"I know, I'm sorry. I'll make it up to you. Anything you want," she whispered back.

Matt suddenly penetrated me and fucked me silly. He was big. Not really long but large. I felt it. Completely. He grabbed my boobs and moaned "Gabby, you're so sexy. I never thought I'd be able to fuck you..."

I really felt set up but I couldn't escape the situation. Matt moved up onto the bed and placed himself behind me so that I was now laying sandwiched between my love interest and her boyfriend, two beautiful and sexy people. I should have been ecstatic but couldn't help thinking that somehow it was wrong. I couldn't stop my body reacting to their ministrations though.

Matt fucked me from behind, grabbing my boobs and focused on his own sensations while Daphne was kissing me and caressing my lovebud, trying to make me relax and feel good. I must admit I was feeling good despite the circumstances.

"Baby, please forgive me," she begged.

I didn't answer. My feelings were really mixed at the moment. Matt grunted, saying he was gonna come. He switched position, pushing me down on my belly and mounting me from behind.

"Gabby, you're so tight. I'm gonna cum deep in you."

He accelerated and a minute later ejaculated.

"Oh Gabby, thank you! Oh wow! That was... great!" he chuckled, kissing my neck.

I froze. It was all wrong to me. This, if it was bound to happened, shouldn't have been like this. He obviously didn't know I hadn't agree to anything. Suffice to say I wasn't happy about the situation. He left the room and I removed the blindfold. I sit up, still stunned by what just occurred. The room remained silent for a while.

"What just happened?" I asked in a breath. I couldn't even look at her.

"Babe, I'm sorry."

"What did you do, Daphne?"

She hesitated but then confessed "He told me he was attracted to you, he wanted you and I didn't have the courage to say 'no'. I knew you wouldn't accept it so I tricked you into it. Please, don't be mad at him."

I couldn't believe it. I looked at her not believing these words were coming out of her mouth. It wasn't her. It was so out of character. Why would she do such a thing?

"Really? You couldn't have told me beforehand? Because, I would have told him not to kiss me or even open his mouth. This... All this... It was... wrong!"

I was shaking out of anger. Daphne tried to hold me in her arms.

"Sorry, I can't. I need to shower, right now."

I went to the bathroom and locked the door. I needed time on my own to think. Daphne came knocking at the door but I didn't answer. I took a long, hot shower and tried to calm my nerves. My mind went into an overdrive state. I was reviewing all those past events and couldn't understand what happened and why. I trusted her and had no reason to foresee this type of betrayal. Yes, that was the word. She betrayed me in a sense and that was painful and disturbing. 

When I went back to my room, Daphne was still there, crying. She stood up when I entered the room.

"I should be the one crying, right now."

I laid down on the bed. Daphne didn't know what to say or do. 

"I need to sleep," I told Daphne looking at her.

She diverted her eyes and asked shyly "Can I stay the night?"

I didn't object. Daphne, obviously relieved, hopped into bed and I switched off the lamp. I didn't want to talk. I just wanted to finish this night off and forget all about it. I gave my back to her, my mind still reeling as I slowly but inevitably fell asleep. 

In the morning, when I woke up, I had switched position. I was now laying on my back and Daphne was holding me tight, even in her deep sleep. I looked at her face and could see she spent a part of the night crying. She was still adorable but I was still mad at her. 

Her eye lids fluttered and she soon opened her eyes. After a few seconds, I saw she could remember what went down the previous night. She parted from me hastily, avoiding my stare. I just looked at her as if I had the power to read her mind. 

"Morning," I said, with a voice void of emotions that I didn't recognized as my own.

"Good morning," she answered, still not looking at me.

She remained silent. I waited a couple of minutes for her to initiate the conversation which didn't come.

"So, aren't you gonna talk to me?" I asked, annoyed.

No answer.

"Daphne?"

Now I was getting pissed. She tried to get out of the bed. I held her down by her wrist.

"Daphne! Talk to me!"

"I'm sorry, babe," she said trying to caress my face.

"Don't 'babe' me," I retorted, avoiding her hand. "How could you possibly think that I would agree to that?"

"I knew you wouldn't. I thought that I would make it up to you afterwards."

"How? What in the world can you do that would make all this go away."

She turned her head toward my bag. I followed her stare.

"Oh, you wanna fuck me?"

"Yes, I will make you pass out again and then..."

"Then?"

"I'll let you fuck my rear end."

"Your rear end?" I chuckled. "You mean your ass? Really? I don't think you're the kind of girl who enjoys that."

"That's exactly my point. That would be my payment."

"And you think a hoopla session in bed will make it up for it?" I frowned.

"No, Gabrielle," she said, cupping my face in her hands, "I've done wrong by you. I'm deeply sorry and I will do anything for you to forgive me. Please..." 

She applied a series of kisses on my face and neck. Seeing my inertia, she kissed me once, tenderly, I didn't budge. The second time her lips brushed mine, her hand wandered on my hip, my anger waived and I started to melt. The third time, her tongue penetrated my last defenses and I moaned, taking her in my arms.

"Anything?" I asked.

"Anything."

She kissed me, caressing my hips, lifted up my shirt in the process and I let her take it off. She resumed kissing me. Despite my anger, my love for her was too strong. I gave in. I couldn't resist her assaults. She gave me all she got. She used the dildo on me. I let her fuck me. Deliciously. I didn't pass out this time but she made me come twice. Not bad for a beginner. Once I gathered my strength, I stood up. 

"My turn!" I said with eyes clouded again by anger, reminiscing all that happened.

I removed the harness from her, put it on me and set up a smaller dildo that I brought up to go with it. Daphne looked at me with a little scare in her eyes. I wasn't reassuring either. All I wanted was to pass the point of anger I was in. I wasn't caring about her feelings at that moment. Plus, she was the one who suggested it, not me. I picked up the lube and turned to her. 

"On all fours!" my order came out loud and cold. 

Daphne knew better than discuss with me at that point. I didn't wanna talk. I just wanted her to obey and she did. I approached her and slapped her ass cheeks a couple of times as hard as I could and she cried.

"Oh no, Daphne, this is the punishment you asked for," I said, spanking her again. 

I lavished her pussy and ass crack with the lube. I penetrated her fat pussy with two fingers. She was half-crying and half-moaning now. I stopped before she could cum. I picked up one of the scarf she used on me and attached her hands in her back solidly. 

"Gabrielle, what are you doing?"

"Sorry, but you don't get to talk," I coldly said.

I picked the other scarf and used it on her as a muffler. She could scream all she wanted now. She was at my mercy. I was gonna give her a taste of dominant Gabrielle. I spanked her again. Her ass cheeks were now red. I also spanked her pussy. I pressed her head down onto the mattress so that her ass was all up in the air and gave me full access. I spanked her over and over. 

"You've been a really bad girl. You deserve a good spanking."

Daphne was crying now. I was still holding her down. I resumed caressing her ass cheeks and moved behind her. I licked her red meaty lips until she moaned. I knew she was lost and confused by now, not understanding what was going on. I licked her cute shaft but didn't let her come, once more.

I moved up and focused on her rosebud. I rimmed her then penetrated her with my index finger, up to the second knuckle, and fucked her slowly. I played with it a bit then inserted forcefully a second finger. I added some lube and resumed fucking her. 

"Oh, you have a tight little ass!"

I withdrew and this time penetrated her with the dildo carefully. Although I wanted to punish her, I didn't want to hurt her. I slowly fucked her, penetrating her a little more on each thrust, until the dildo was completely in. I gave a big push so that she would feel it and she groaned. I pushed myself onto her, pressing her down onto the bed. I grabbed her hair and turned her head so that I could whisper in her ear.

"I know how to punish bad little girls," I coldly said to her.

Daphne shivered, tears still running down her face. I grabbed her shoulders and fucked her ass for a long time, mercilessly. All the while, I was trying to control my anger but couldn't. The images of last week were dancing in front of my eyes and I couldn't understand why Daphne betrayed me like that. Why disregard what happened between us? As much as I wanted to punish her, I still loved her deeply. I was lost in my emotions and started to cry.

"Why did you do this to me? I thought what we had was special."

I kept asking 'why', fucking her, crying, pounding her ass as hard as I could until I came. I came so hard I collapsed on top of her, still crying. After a while, I regained my senses. I wanted answers. I removed the bandana from her mouth and turned Daphne around.

"Do you love me?"

"Yes, I do, baby. Never doubt that," she answered, tears still falling down.

"Then why? I don't understand. Why did you share me with him?"

Daphne didn't answer.

"Why?" I insisted.

"Please untie me, baby."

I completely forgot I had attached her wrists earlier. I stood up, removed my harness. I then willingly untied her arms. She rolled around onto her back and I straddled her.

"Why?" I asked, full of expectation.

I was looking at her face, waiting for any sign. She was thinking, looking for the right words to say. She softly caressed my thighs then looked at me in the eye.

"Because... I love you more than him," she answered calmly.

"What? That's your reason? I don't understand."

"I felt I owed him that much. Fulfilling one of his fantasy. But I also knew you would never agree because of your love for me."

I couldn't forget the way I felt when Matt kissed me and said those words. The scene was running in my head over and over. I guess Daphne saw my confusion. She extended her arms and pulled me down to her.

"Baby, I'm sorry. I mean it. I'm so, so sorry. Everything's gonna be OK. Remember, I love you. I'd do anything for you."

I cried in her neck, letting go of all my emotions. She comforted me for long minutes. I think I needed that. To let go. I didn't like crying. She made me so weak. I was Achilles and she was my heel. I was superwoman and she was my kryptonite. I was powerless around her and yet I needed her. 

I finally relaxed in her arms and felt desire rising within me as she caressed my naked back. I kissed her neck again and again. I licked it. She groaned. I slowly rubbed my pussy on hers. I grabbed her hands and pinned them down above her head. I looked deep into her hazel eyes and seriously asked her, "Do you love me?"

"Yes, Gabrielle."

"Do you?" I insisted.

"Yes, I do."

For some reason, I needed to confirm that her feelings for me were real. I had a hard time assimilating all that happened. I still couldn't see the logic in all this. I could see in her eye she wanted to kiss me but I didn't let her. I kept humping her until I came, not letting her touch me. I crashed on the mattress by her side. I decided then I needed some me time. 

"Today is my last day here. I want to have fun. I NEED to have fun, not to dwell on something negative."

"Anything you need," she smiled sadly.

"What about a pool party with my new friends?"

"You mean Shelby?"

"Yes, Shelby and her friends. You'll see. They're hot."

"I don't want to do anything with them. It's you I want. Only you."

"You say that now but I know you'll be salivating."

Especially over Claire, I added mentally. The busty brunette was definitely her type. Daphne wasn't enthusiastic about my idea but she respected my wish. 

******************

POOL PARTY

Saturday was there, with a hot blue sky, and I really wanted to enjoy my last twenty four hours or so in Florida. I wanted to put all my worries behind, have fun and let go of all the anger and the frustration accumulated in the past few hours. This day was super sunny and I was in an angry festive mood, so to speak. After a copious breakfast, we proceeded in preparing the mini pool party. 

I first called Shelby who assured me they all would come. I didn't bring any swimsuit so Daphne put on my bed a bunch of them to choose from. There was the infamous neon pink one but I chose a bright blue bikini. I knew that color was really good on me. Then we went shopping and organized everything. The food, the drinks, the music, we thought of everything. Daphne asked Matt to arrange the sono so we could have music by the swimming pool. 

Things were almost back to normal with Daphne but, between Matt and I, the atmosphere had changed. I really didn't want to spend much time in his company. Not that he wasn't nice but hearing his voice was a constant reminder of that night and I didn't want to remember that night. You could say that I was avoiding him. He probably sensed it but said nothing about it to my relief.

Daphne and I went back to my room to change. I asked her to put back the pink bikini she had on on my first day. She smiled and complied. We changed together and mutually admired our bodies. The bikini I chose was barely covering my nipples but since we were between us girls, I didn't mind. We finally grabbed our stuff and went by the pool. Daphne told me to lay down and let her do the rest. I think she was feeling really sorry for what happened and wanted to make amend. She didn't need to do that. I didn't think it was the solution but since it made her feel better, I let her be. Actually, I didn't know myself what could be the solution to my ordeal. All I knew was that I needed to let go of the negative pent-up energy I still had inside. Despite the uneasy feelings remaining regarding the previous night events, my feelings for her hadn't change. They even grew stronger over night. How was that even possible? This was driving me crazy. Daphne went and fetched drinks and snacks for us. There were only two glasses. 

"Matt is not coming?" I asked with a little bit of apprehension.

Daphne sit on my chair facing me, looked at me and pecked my lips.

"I saw the way you are in his presence. I know you're not comfortable when he's around. At least, not like before. I don't blame you. It's all my fault, I didn't think things through. I asked him to stay away for the afternoon. He'll come around tonight."

"Thank you."

"No, don't thank me. I owe you that much," she declared with a sad smile.

I sit up and kissed her gently on her cheek. "Thank you," I repeated.

"What time your friends arrive at?" she changed subject. 

"I told them to arrive by 3pm. So we have a little hour until then."

"OK, good. I want to spend some time alone with you."

"To do what?" I asked with a seductive smile.

"You know what."

She bent over and kissed me. I pulled her down to me and we laid there under the sun enjoying each other's presence. After a while, I stood up and pulled her to the middle of the long chair to straddle her.

"What are you doing?" she asked.

"Nothing."

"You have a weird conception of nothing."

I took her hands and put them on my boobs which instantly made her shut up. She tried to sit up but I pushed her back down. I started rubbing my pussy against hers. I felt her clitoris under the bikini poking its head as she played with my nipples. I was looking at her, not willing to talk. I just needed to feel her, nothing more. This uneasy feeling was still there. I was still mad at her but highly turned on by her. It was like a tug war was raging between my heart and my head. I closed my eyes hard, trying to chase all the negative thoughts out of my head. Instead of an orgasm, frustration was building up. I rubbed harder and faster. We were engrossed in our sensations when a voice made me jumped.
