 Hello dear readers,

I'm back! It surely was quite a while but so many things happened since last time... Thank you for your continued support. I really appreciate your favorable look over my work so far. I hope to be able to continue deliver stories you will enjoy. 

As always, leave your comments, PMs (leave your email for reply) and 5 star ratings! :D

Without further delay, here's the next instalment of Daphne's story. Let me know in the comment box how you see it all ends! I do take your suggestions into account! ;) 

Enjoy! XO

*****

SEPTEMBER

Shelby and I kept in touch somehow. I initially wasn't confident about it considering the free spirit she was. It seemed the time we spent together was meaningful to her after all and I was glad. We would communicate about once a week.

One sunny day of September, I had the surprise to find her at my door when I got back from work. I didn't know what was going on but it was my first time receiving such visits on two consecutive months. I guess I was popular.

"Shelby, what are you doing here? Oh my God!! I can't believe it," I said hugging her.

She smelled good. Some flower scent. I couldn't pinpoint which one but it made me hold her much longer. 

"I figured why not take a few days off and come surprise you."

"That's a brilliant idea you had!"

"I really missed you," she said giving a last squeeze before parting.

I unlocked the door and ushered her in.

"Come put your luggage in my bedroom."

"You want me to sleep with you?" she asked, genuinely surprised.

"You don't want to?" I asked, intrigued.

"No, it's not that... It's just I reserved a room just in case I didn't find you."

I took her in my arms.

"You found me and I'm so glad..." I said kissing her.

I handed her my phone.

"What for?"

"Cancel it. You're staying."

Shelby smiled and made the call. I let her unpack and take a shower. When she joined me, I had poured us a glass of red wine.

"Let's toast to our friendship," I invited her.

"To our friendship."

We both took a sip, our eyes glued to each other. This blonde lady had me going but I needed to calm down. I had work tomorrow.

"What are your plans?"

"Spend all my days and nights with you," she said kissing me.

"Mmmmh I'd love to but I work tomorrow. But after five I'm all yours."

"Sounds good."

"What will you do all day?"

"Getting ready for you."

"I love your forwardness. That's a very attractive feature of yours."

"Thank you. When are you gonna feed me?"

"Oh I'm sorry! I'm such a bad hostess! Let's see... I think I have pepperoni pizza in the freezer. I also have roasted chicken from yesterday if you want."

"It's not that kind of food I was thinking of..." she said attacking my neck and putting her hand on my crotch.

"Oh. I see," she started rubbing my pants up and down. "You're very hungry."

"I'm starving," she said kissing me. "I want chocolate pussy as an entry, chocolate pussy as main and chocolate pussy as dessert. Do you think you can get me that?" she seductively asked as she undid my pants.

"Mmmmh... Yeah... I can work something out for you... Aaah... Shelby..."

Shelby had penetrated me and put her magic fingers to work.

"Oh baby..." I said spreading my legs.

I reached out and pulled her sweater up. She stopped to let me get rid of it. She had only her bra on. I discarded it fast to suck on her nipples. Shelby moaned and forced me to kiss her again she then stripped me completely naked.

"Let's go to your room."

I led her by the hand. As soon as we stepped in the bedroom, Shelby was all over me.

"Oh Shelby..."

She pushed me on the bed and directly dived in.

"Oh whoa... What's with you?"

Shelby only stopped a second to answer, "I want you."

"I can see that..."

Shelby could really be assertive in bed but this was... I could sense a hunger and some sense of urgency in the way she lapped my juices. It's like she needed it. No. It couldn't be. We're talking about Shelby here. I discarded the thought and enjoyed the pleasures of Sapphic love. We didn't even eat that night.

I woke up earlier than usual because I felt sick. I went to the bathroom and ended up throwing up. When I got back to bed, Shelby was awake. She spooned me and asked half asleep, "are you alright?"

"Yeah, I'm fine."

"Good. What time do you leave?"

I checked my cell and said, "In one hour and forty-seven minutes, to be exact."

"We got plenty of time then."

I felt her hand travel down my body under the sheets.

"Naughty girl," I said, when she reached my pussy.

"You know me."

I chuckled and lifted a knee up to give her better access.

"Oh yeah..." I moaned.

This girl could play me like a string. I loved that. I turned around to kiss her, touch her.

"Oh... don't stop..."

Shelby made love to me tenderly. I enjoyed her embrace. It was soothing and she always succeeded in making me forget my troubles.

"Cum for me, baby! Come on..."

Her words of endearment and her savoir-faire got me a few minutes later. My orgasm wasn't that strong but it was a good one. I took a moment to recover and checked my cell.

"Girl, I'm sorry but I don't have time to do you. I have to take a shower."

"Don't worry about it."

"I promise I'll make it up to you tonight," I said as I ran to the bathroom.

I expedited the shower and got ready. When I arrived in the living room, Shelby had a couple of toasts ready for me. I smooched her.

"Thanks, but my stomach feels weird this morning. I don't think I can have anything."

"Are you sure you're OK?" she asked checking my forehead.

"Yeah... I'm OK."

I headed to the drawer in my desk and returned with a set of keys.

"Here you are. You can go and explore the town while I'm gone. I generally come back around five."

"Oh thanks. Is there a market nearby?"

"Yep. It's just a couple of blocks away. You can walk there."

"OK, cool. I'll buy a couple of stuff."

"I really have to run now," I leaned in and gave her a last kiss. She grabbed my neck to make it last longer but I forced our lips apart.

"Sorry but I really need to go. Bye, babe."

"Bye, beautiful."

***

The day couldn't pass any slower. I was so anxious to get back to Shelby, I checked the time every ten minutes. When my shift ended I ran out the office glad to spend some time with the lovely blonde. I stopped on my way home to get some pizza and beer. When I arrived to my place, I thought Shelby wasn't there but then I heard noises coming from the kitchen.

"Hey, Gabby! Come and taste this!"

I followed the voice in the kitchen. I put the beer away and left the pizza on the counter. Shelby was handing me a spoon of tomato sauce. Surprised, I sampled it and it was pretty good, with a ton of garlic, just the way I like it.

"Mmmh... How did you know I like garlic?"

"I didn't. I love garlic."

"We're made to get along," I said taking her lovingly in my arms and kissing her. "I guess the pizza and beer I got will be for tomorrow."

"Yes, I hope you don't mind."

"I don't. Keep it up like that and I'll marry you!" I joked, smacking her lips. "I'm gonna go get changed. I'll be right back."

A few minutes later, I joined Shelby in the kitchen. She'd set the table and poured us a glass of wine.

"The pasta is almost ready," she said, stirring the pasta.

"OK, chef!"

"Don't mock me!"

"I'm not mocking you." I hugged her back lovingly and said, "I'm actually impressed."

"Good. Can you bring the plates?"

Shelby filled in the plates while I covered them with parmigiano and we sat face to face at the table.

"How's your stomach?"

"It's OK. I was able to eat lunch."

"OK, good. Tell me what you think of it."

The pasta was heavenly. I smiled and showed two thumbs up. She smiled back, a proud look on her face. It was so good, I literally stuffed myself, only stopping to sip some wine. The diner was silent, as we both appreciated the meal.

"Oh Shelby, that was sooo good! Where did you learn that?" I asked, putting down my fork for the last time.

"It's a recipe from my Italian grandmother."

"Well, thank her for me. This was a killer!"

I stood up and started to gather the dishes.

"No, no, no, let me do that..."

"Shelby, you did the cooking."

"That's OK. It won't take long."

"Yep, because I'm gonna help you, end of discussion."

Shelby washed while I dried and put the dishes away, chit-chatting all the while. When we were done, I took her in my arms.

"Thank you, thank you for this fantastic meal. You didn't have to, you know. You're my guest."

"I'm not gonna stay here for free without repaying you somehow."

"Your lovely presence is payment enough."

"You're sweet."

"Mmm-mmh... Sweet and spicy..."

"I concur..." Shelby purred as she leaned in to kiss me.

"You know, I thought of you all day?" I said.

"Is that true?"

"Mmm-mmmh..."

I pressed her against the sink and pulled her skirt to access her panties. I pulled them down enough to let me work her pussy. I caressed her lips while I nibbled her neck.

"Oh Shelby... You feel so good..."

I turned her around and caressed her curvy hips. Sam was hot and cute but Shelby had a woman's body, large hips and breasts, and an overflowing femininity. I caressed her buttocks and slid my hand between her cheeks. She moaned when I finally penetrated her already wet folds. I pumped slowly for a minute then stopped.

"What are you doing?"

"Let me thank you properly."

I took her by the hand and led her to my room. I took out my favorite strap-on from the top drawer.

"Oh, nice. I'll finally get a taste of it," she said as I suited up.

"Oh yeah..."

When I took the few steps separating me from her, she was already naked, her dress and lingerie savagely abandoned on the floor. I caressed her silky smooth skin when she took me in her arms. With her, it was different from what I lived with Daphne or Sam. When I was in her arms... It's really hard to explain this feeling with words. With her, I felt safe, in peace, but it was more than that.

I broke the kiss and made her lay down in the middle of my bed. Shelby was a beautiful blonde and I took a moment to let the picture sink in. The full pink lips, the generous breasts, the silky smooth thighs spread wide open for me, the already wet pink lips inviting me to feast on them.

"Babe? Stop dreaming and get to it! Please..."

"À vos ordres, Madame."

She chuckled as I approached her and smelled her fragrance then licked her. I was lucky with pussies. You know about these stories about nasty coochies? Well, it never happened to me. All my pussies were good, often on the sweet side. I made love to Shelby's pussy. I always made it a duty to make my lady partner cum before using the stick. She came twice then I inserted my shaft in her and pumped her gently while she recovered.

"Oh Gabby... You're gonna kill me..."

"No," I chuckled. "I'm just gonna fuck you properly to thank you for taking care of me the way you do."

I grabbed her boobs and sucked on her pink nipples as I put more strength in my thrusts. Shelby enjoyed it, I could tell. She was back with me, in the moment.

"Ohhh... Harder..."

"OK... But don't cry later on..."

"I won't..."

"I'm not so sure..." I chuckled.

I adjusted myself and rested my head in the crease of her neck as I held her shoulders for more leverage. "Oh shit! Oh shit!" was all Shelby could say as I started to pound her pussy mercilessly. She wasn't long to cum as I kept going for a good twenty minutes, only posing a few times to get my breath and keep my own orgasm at bay longer. When I couldn't hold it anymore I clung onto the lovely blonde harder and accelerated the pace of my beating.

"Oh... Oh... Babe... I'm gonna cum..." I whispered.

Shelby was moaning and enjoying my dick to the fullest, not caring what I had to say. She just grabbed my butt which pushed me over the edge.

"Oooh... Aaah... Fuck! Ohhh fuck!"

I came hard. I took a few seconds to let the spasms subside a little then fell over by her side, trying to catch my breath.

"Oh Shelby... That was..."

"Awesome!" she said, all smiles. "Now I understand the 'Daddy' stuff."

"Who have you been talking to?" I chuckled.

"Well, Claire and Sam are my friends. They can't stop talking about you. They actually made me kinda jealous."

"You definitely know too much," I chuckled.

"I wanna know even more," she said as she passed a leg over my body and kneaded my breasts. "I wanna know a lot more."

I received her kiss but before it became too hot, I broke it and asked, "do you want a drink?"

"I want your pussy juice."

"Shelby..."

"It's true!" she protested.

I smacked her butt cheek and getting out of bed I said "I'll be right back."

I went to the kitchen and gulped down half of the water bottle before opening one of the beers I had brought back earlier.

"There you go," I said, handing out the beer to the sexy lady laying in my bed.

"Thanks, love."

She drank half of it before handing it back to me. I took a sip and put it on my night table.

"Ready for more?"

"Always."

"Get on your stomach then."

I licked and kissed her body, getting my satisfaction out of the various sounds she emitted. I parted her cheeks with my hand which made her spread her legs for me.

"You want more?"

"Yesss," she moaned.

I caressed her pussy lips that were still wet from our first coitus. I used some of her juices to stimulate her puckered hole. She moaned louder and lifted her ass up in the air without even me asking for it.

"Mmmh you're a bad little girl..."

"Really bad... Please punish me..."

I spanked her cheeks a few times as hard as I could before kissing and licking her sweet pussy, her butthole, which enticed even more reactions from her and made her pussy wetter in return. Note to self: need to explore that further in the very near future.

I placed myself behind her and rubbed my shaft against her to make it wet then I slowly penetrated her pussy. That was one of my favorite positions. I fucked her on a steady rhythm, spanking her occasionally, her white skin turning red.

"Arch that back for me, baby... Do it for mommy... That's it... Good girl..."

To reward her I picked up the pace...

"Yeah... Give it to me... I wanna hear you, baby... Don't hold back... Bite that pillow if you want to but I wanna hear you scream..."

Shelby was a great fuck, I won't lie, one of the best I had. Last time we met was her show but this time around, I wanted to show her that I could deliver too. I fucked her harder, so much so her head was hitting the bed board.

"You like that, baby?"

"Oh yessss... Don't stop... I'm gonna cum soon..."

When I heard that, I steadied myself, grabbed her hips tightly and fucked her even harder.

"That's it! Give it to me! You're such a naughty girl. That's all you wanted... Coming all the way up here... To be fucked like a bitch in heat... Come on! I can't hear you! Cum for me, baby! Cum for mommy!"

When I felt her stiffen under me, I reached around and played with her clit. That got her. She bit the pillow as strong spasms ran through her body. She didn't control her body any more. I kept fucking her and played with her clit for a while...

"That ain't over."

I spread her legs and blocked them with mine. Her pussy probably needed a break but I didn't care. I needed to cum bad. I wrapped my arms around her and fucked her like a rabbit until I came.

"Oh baby... You feel so good," I said, kissing her back lovingly.

I removed the strap-on and laid beside her, catching my breath.

"You feel good too..."

Shelby turned around and pulled me to her. I didn't resist and snuggled in her arms. She caressed my back and repeated, "oh yeah... You feel real good... Daddy!"

We both laughed at that. When, we stopped, Shelby lifted up my chin forcing me to face her. She looked into my eyes and said, "You know what? You're a knock out! I definitely don't regret coming all the way up here to see you!"

I kissed her.

"Plus... I love it when you talk dirty to me!" she smiled.

"Noted." I paused then added, "I'm so glad you're here. I really missed you, you know."

"Maybe... not as much as a certain someone."

"Don't mention."

"So what's up with her? Is she coming to visit or what?"

"It doesn't look like it. She says she loves me but it's not like she's gonna leave him and come live with me... Plus she has a great job. It would be difficult for her to quit..."

Shelby caressed my hair the way I liked it and suddenly this idea started roaming at the back of my head again. 'No, no, no, no... Don't even go there! It's not possible.'

"Well, she's the one missing out. I'd leave everything for you. You're worth it."

"Don't say this kind of stuff..."

I nuzzled against her neck, kissed it and let sleep take me over.

*****

I woke up with a sense of déjà vu. I lifted the sheets and Shelby was feasting on my pussy.

"Shelby? You don't want to let me sleep?" I asked half asleep.

"Nope. I want my pussy juice."

I checked the clock. It was just past 5am.

"Girl, you cut my night really short. You know I have to go to the office?"

"But it's Saturday."

"I know but it's a last minute thing. I have to cover for someone."

Shelby suddenly stopped and crawled up my body to come face to face with me.

"Can't you call in sick?"

"I gave my word, babe," I said.

"Please... I got means to make you change your mind..."

"What kind of means?"

She smiled devilishly and kissed me. She then attacked my neck and my breasts. She loved my breasts. I was fully awake now. All my senses working at full regime. She then traveled down my belly leaving a trail of kisses until she reached my mound. She lovingly rubbed her cheeks on my public hair. I liked the fact she liked it. Most people like it bare nowadays. She moaned as she took her first licks. I was fully enjoying the moment, at first... It's only a couple of minutes later I started to feel weird. My stomach felt weird. I felt nauseous, just like the day before.

"Babe... babe, wait..."

Shelby protested as I pushed her back.

"What's wrong?"

"I don't know."

I sat on side of the bed and rubbed my stomach. Shelby touched my forehead and my cheek with the back of her hand.

"I don't know what's going on... I feel like..."

Suddenly, the need to barf forced me to run to the bathroom. I hated to vomit. I flushed the rest of the pasta we had the night before down the drain and brushed my teeth. When I came out, Shelby was sitting on the bed waiting for me. I could tell she was worried.

"I'm OK, babe," I said, sitting by her side.

"I'm glad," she said hugging me.

"I just wanna rest a little before heading out..."

"You sure you don't want to call in sick."

"No, I'll be OK. Worst case scenario, I'll come in for an hour or so but I really have to go. A little rest will do me good, I think."

"Sure thing. Come here."

She laid down and invited me between the sheets. I gladly accepted. I snuggled with her while she made sure our bodies were properly covered.

"How do you feel now?"

"Much better already..."

"Don't get mad but I thought about something."

"What?"

"Don't you think you're pregnant?"

I suddenly raised in the bed.

"Shelby, that's not funny!"

"I'm sorry but, with all that happened, that's a possibility."

"You're right..." I had to admit.

"Let's not panic, OK? Just buy a test today and we'll know..."

"OK..." I said, snuggling back into her arms.

"Just relax... I'm here for you, OK? I got you."

"Mmmh... Thank you..."

I bought a couple tests on my way to work and tried one in the toilets at the office. I held it desperately, sitting on the john. A second bar appeared pretty quickly. Shit.
