 I'm driving an open car. But it's now a boat. But the canal comes to an end, I can see the next section of it, but can't figure how to get there. Nobody's home, I don't know whose house it is but I go inside anyway. A bell is ringing. But it's not in my dream. It's the door bell. I open a gummy eye. The clock's red LED. 5:47. What? Who at this hour? I grunt out of bed and pull on my quilted satin dressing gown.

Looking through the peek hole I see Him. I take off the safety chain and unlock the deadbolt. I open the door and step aside.

"Good morning Sir." I keep my eyes pointed at the floor as he pushes past me.

He opens the front of his soft black leather trench coat. He's wearing a dark grey suit with light grey pinstripes, a white shirt and red tie. Shiny black shoes are on his feet. He lifts my chin with one finger and smiles. He releases the bow on my dressing gown's sash and spreads the gown off my shoulders and pushes it down to my elbows.

"What's this?"

"I'm sorry sir. It's cold. I didn't know you were coming." He doesn't like me to wear flannel pajamas. His strong hands grip my shoulders and push me down.

I unbuckle his belt and pull down his fly. I pull his hard cock out of his silk boxers and give it a kiss. I put his knob into my mouth and kiss as he strokes my hair. Swallow. In out, in out, in out.

Cum. It fills my mouth and dribbles down my chin. Sir pushes me back. I'm sitting sideways on the cold tile floor, propped up on one hand.

"We're going to the club tonight. Wear your red dress and gold heels. Be ready at seven."

"Yes, Sir."

He does himself up and leaves me crying on the cold tiles. Why am I always falling in love with these assholes?

"Good morning Doctor."

"Good morning Karen."

She's my receptionist nurse. She has a kind loving husband and three beautiful children. I smile at her as I go into my office, but inside I wonder why I can't have all that.

The work day goes long. I grab a burger at the drive through on the way home. 'Good choice for a heart surgeon' I chide myself.

Sir (Joe) didn't mention underwear so I better not. He likes my hair brushed straight down so I have to continually brush it out of my eyes. He'll want me to look slutty, so pink lips and nails, too much eye shadow and blush. Street whore style. As if this snug very short red dress with the spaghetti shoulder straps isn't a slut dress.

My gold spike heels are extreme. Joe went with me to make sure I bought the ones he wanted. They hurt. But I love them because Sir picked them.

Joe then bought me a second hand dyed pink fur jacket. It really is street slut fashion. I have to wear it when Sir takes me out. I'll have to wear it at the end of our date, when I'm down on my knees sucking him off. After that he'll decide whether it's worth his time to stay the night and love me.

The only jewelry I'm allowed to wear are big gold hoop earrings.

Sir arrives for me at eight fifteen. My heart drops. He's driven his vintage Ferrari. He won't stay the night because it isn't safe to leave on the street outside my townhouse. I begged him to stay once. My ass was too sore to sit comfortably for a week after his belt disciplined me. I won't beg again.

The Club is in an area of old factories. It looks like all the rest from the street. The armed guard looks at Sir's membership card and opens the roll up door. The ground floor is a parking garage. Up the lift to a modern reception area.

The receptionist, who looks like a high maintenance bitch, greets Sir but ignores me. She summons a sweet looking young thing then buzzes the door, admitting us into the club. The girl shows us to the banquette where Sir's friends wait.

I recognize Joan. Sir bends down and they kiss cheeks. We sit.

Joan is rather plump with red hair. Natural maybe? Tina, her pet, sits quietly beside her. Tina is a trim little thing with short brown hair in a pixie cut. She's wearing a pink fur collar and a tiny bikini with little pink fur triangles in all the right places. You can see by her looks that she adores Joan.

Sir orders a 'Highland Park' for himself and a glass of cheap white house wine for me. Joan holds her glass of white wine to Tina's lips. They always share their drink this way.

Before our drinks come their friend William arrives. His date is a young looking blond boy. ( Legal age of course.)They slide in and the boy snuggles under William's arm. He's wearing a white see through woman's blouse and tight red hot pants.

The three doms chat. We three subs sit quietly. Joan strokes and pats Tina as they talk. William fondles his date's crotch as they talk. Sir doesn't even look at me. I wonder what I've done wrong.

Then a tall, voluptuous raven haired Goddess is shown to our table. Sir jumps up.

"Letitia! So glad you came. No trouble getting in? Let me introduce you."

Of course we subs were not introduced. More drinks, but not for me. I have to learn to sip more slowly.

The stage lights up. A beautiful couple come onstage and stretch out on the bed. She's on top. They preform a long slow sixty nine routine. Next two men with sculpted hard bodies take turns sucking each other's cocks. Last act, two women come onstage and one sodomizes the other with a huge purple strapon.

The stage darkens and the small dance floor lights up. Soft canned music floats around the room. we all dance. I'm passed around and molested by several doms of both sexes as we dance. Sir doesn't dance with me.

Letitia does. Her touch is so gentle. She places a hand on the back of my head and gently pulls me to her breast. Her other hand strokes up and down my back. I actually purred.

Then it was time to go. We accompany Letitia. At her car Sir gives her a quick kiss. Then he turns to me.

"I don't want you any more. Letitia, will you take Darlene home? Thanks." He just walks away.

I'm too stunned to speak. My throat contracts. Tears start flowing. What? Why? I realize Letitia's arm is on my shoulder.

"Come Baby, sit here." Her Mercedes' passenger door is open. As I sink to the seat she reaches in and does up my seat belt. Before she starts the car she reaches across the consul and squeezes my hand. "It'll be OK. I'll look after you."

I don't see where we're going. My mind is in turmoil. What did I do wrong. I hardly notice. We go out onto the ring road, then off. Soon we enter a gated community. We stop in the circular drive in front of a white marble house. Letitia leads me by the hand.

A maid. Older, grey hair took our coats.

"Thank you Gwen, I won't be needing you any more tonight. See you in the morning."

"Thank you Mam."

I'm still in a daze. Letitia leads me into a den and mixes two gin and tonics. "Here, lets sit. This will help"

I take a sip and start crying all over again. Her hand is on my shoulder. She gently pulls me to her. "That's OK Baby. Go ahead. I know it hurts." Her hand rubs my back. I gradually cry myself out. She hands me my drink. How did it get to the coffee table?

"Oh, baby. I wish I could make it better. That was a terrible way to dump you. See, Joe's wife.."

"Wife!"

"Oh, you didn't know. He's married and now she's going to have a baby, so Joe is going to go straight."

"Married?" I really am a stupid cunt. Of course, why didn't I see. We met at a mixer charity fundraiser. He was alone. He asked me out. Always mid week. We never went to his place. He knew exactly what he wanted. Soon he was dressing me like a cheap slut and only taking me to The Club. So stupid.

A few more drinks. We sat together. Letitia cuddled me. It felt so good to be cuddled, even if by a woman. Joe was no cuddler.

"I've had too much to drink, you better stay the night."

She led me to a bedroom and rummaged in a dresser drawer. "Here, you can wear this. You can change in there." She pointed at an open door to an en suite.

When I returned wearing the purple satin mid thigh length nightie with the short sleeves, she was wearing a similar pastel yellow one.

"I just moved here a month ago and the guest room isn't finished, so we'll have to share. Get in and slide over.

The bed was big and soft, with lots of pillows and satin sheets, all in shades of pink and red. I hadn't been on a sleepover with another girl since I was twelve. I'm no lesbian.

"Roll on your side, baby." She spooned up to my back. "Just relax. You're safe with me." She didn't touch me like, you know, for sex. Just gentle and reassuring. I did relax. I half woke several times in the night. Her touch felt good. One time she muttered "It's OK. I've got you."

We didn't dress for breakfast. Gwen served toast coffee and yogurt. Letitia told me about herself.

"I was widowed two years ago. Finally decided to make a break from the memories

and moved here. My financial advisor recommended Joe. That's what he does,if you didn't know." I didn't, just that he was wealthy.

"Gwen, be a dear and have the big car ready in half an hour."

"Yes Mam."

As we got into the back seat of the white Navigator with the dark windows I gave her driver, George, my home address. He entered it into the nav. computer and rolled up the partition.

"Baby, I want to see more of you."

"I'd like that."

"Now, um, how shall I say this? You see, I don't go to places like The Club, and those places I do go to, um. Well, look, I'll buy you some more, um, appropriate clothes for my sort of club. Um?"

I laughed. It felt good to laugh. "Actually, this whore outfit was all Joe's doing. He wanted me to dress like a slut when he took me out. Believe me , I'd never buy myself a fucking whore pink street walker fur jacket."

"Oops, um, I'm so embarrassed. I thought, um."

"That I was some cheap slut Joe was bonking, a whore he used for fun?"

"NO, well, um, I guess so. I'm so sorry.."

"Don't worry, no offense taken, I mean, it was what I looked like."

"What do you do? Have you a job, or...?"

"I'm a doctor."

"For real?"

"For real. A heart surgeon, actually. And what about you?"

"Architect."

"Mm, hope you're not too disappointed I'm not a cheap slut? I'd like to be friends."

By the time we were at my place we'd made a dinner date for the following Friday.

I wanted to look my best of course. I bought a black lace bra and pantie set. My mid calf length pink and maroon printed linen skirt with the wide maroon belt was conservative but sexy. My cream angora, long sleeve, scoop collar pullover sweater was my top. I tied my hair back with a pink ribbon into a ponytail. Gold star earrings and a wide gold necklace were my jewelry. On my feet were my knee high soft tan leather boots with the two inch heels.

And to show her I had good taste when it comes to furs I wore my three quarter length grey wolf.

She arrived wearing a full length Russian sable. Red ankle boots with three inch spike heels peaked out. Her shiny black hair flowed over her shoulders.

George drove us to 'The Meadows By the Lake Country Club.'

Under her fur she wore a hunter green long sleeve, high collar, knee length dress with a full skirt.

We talked. "Do you mind me asking, if it's not too personal, what did your late husband do?"

"Wife. She was an airline pilot."

"Wife."

"Have I shocked you? This is twenty nineteen you know."

"No, no. I mean, one of the other doctors is gay and married to a cop, um."

Letitia patted my hand. "Don't be embarrassed dear."

By dessert we both knew what was going to happen tonight. The only question was her place or mine. Letitia answered that. "George, take us home, and don't spare the horses." They both laughed as the partition rolled up.

We went straight to her bedroom. Suddenly I was shy. Did I really want to cross this line? She understood without my speaking.

"Let's just sit."

The lights were dim. A love seat faced the big floor to ceiling picture window. The last quarter moon painted the garden silver and grey. Letitia's hand slid over my shoulder. I looked into her beautiful eyes. We both closed our eyes and leaned towards each other's lips. My hands held her cheeks. My mouth was open. Her hand gently held the back of my head. Her other hand slid up my side from my hip until it came to rest over my breast. So gentle. So right.

"That's a beautiful sweater."

"Mm." I nuzzled her neck.

Her hand moved down and reversed direction, pulling up the hem of my skirt then sliding up my bare thigh. We kissed some more.

"Just a moment baby."

She went to her dresser and returned with a pink plastic shopping bag tied with a pink ribbon. "I bought this for you." She handed it to me then slid around behind the love seat. "Go ahead, open it." Her hands slowly slid from my shoulders down to my breasts. I giggled as I unties the ribbon. She kissed my left ear and molests me.

It was a pink chiffon baby doll trimmed with pink faux fur. Something I'd never buy for myself.

She slid back around, took my hands and pulled me to my feet. "Let me undress you baby."

Her hands are rolling up my sweater as she asks. She pulls it over my head. "pretty lace bra."

"For you." 

"Ah, that's so sweet."

It's an underwired half cup bra. Letitia's lips answer the implied invitation. Her open mouth covers my right nipple and her tongue flicks it. I close my eyes and enjoy. She moves to my left nipple. My bra falls to the carpet. Her lips move back up to mine. The belt and zipper are nimbly undone as we kiss. My skirt falls to the carpet too. Letitia's hands grip my lace covered buns.

I felt so erotically, sexily aroused. Naked and being held, kissed and fondled by elegantly dressed Letitia.

She pushed me back to sit on the love seat. "Lift your bottom, dear." She pulled my lace panties off and with a flurry, tossed them aside.

This was different. I'm straight. I've never been eaten by a woman. I'm straight, I think.

With men it was always quick. A mean to an end. Eat a little pussy, then put the cock to her. With Letitia it was slow and sweet. Slow kisses and licks. Slow fingers. I've never been on the delicious edge for so long, even solo. She took me so close, then glided me back down. Then back to the edge of flight. Than down. Then back and, and, over the top! If I was the heroine in a bodice ripper I'd have swooned. Oh my fucking God!

Letitia rose to her feet and taking both my hands pulled me to my shaky legs. "put on your new nighty Baby. It's bed time."

She slipped out of her dress. She tossed her bra and panties towards the chair where her stockings were draped.

She pulled me into her bed. Tonight it was all Maroon and gold satin.

"I'm not, um I mean I never, um, it was good, um?

Letitia's right index finger went gently to my lips. "Shh Baby. Just relax. I won't ever hurt you. It'll be alright." Her lips replaced her finger. She gently lifted my hand to her ample breast. My mouth opened. Our tongues slipped together. Even that was different with a woman.

Letitia stroked my hair. her beautiful, deep, black eyes searched mine.

"See, Baby, that's nice, isn't it?" All I could do was nod. She guided my hand down.

"Rub me. Nice and gentle. Good girl. Mm, just right. Mm."

God what a beautiful smile. So warm and sweet. I gently stroked her pussy. We kissed. So gentle. I slipped a finger in. I knew what I liked. I'll do it to beautiful Letitia. I'll make her happy. I realized I was controlling her beautiful body. One hand played with the tits as the other played with her pussy. I found her 'G' spot and sent her flying.

She pulled me to a tender kiss then held ma and cuddled me.

"Letitia?"

"Mm?"

"Will you.."

"Look after you?"

"Please?"

"Shh. I'll explain it to you in the morning, Baby."