 Well I couldn't help myself, just to look at her body while crew was sleeping. It was so perfect to me. Nice size round melon shaped breast; nice small gum drop nipples that look so delishes right now. Soft and harden up as soon as I rubbed my hand across them.

Her flat stomach with them impeccable abs that glisten with a little sweat. Shit even her boxers were sexy. Then her strap was just perfect for me. 9 1/2 to 10in long and always hard for me to get fucked the right way. I couldn't help myself from not touching her cause I was getting horny and turned on by the way she was sleeping.

I had to peak at her woman hood while I could. Cree was sort of a hard sleeper, But I was going to take full advantage while I could. I slowly pulled her boxers down and pushed her strap to the side. Her nicely manicured pubic hairs turned me more on cause they were shaped into an arrow pointing downward.

I kissed the lips of her pussy and she didn't move, so I knew I had to penetrate it with my tongue. As I opened up her lips wider I began to lick and suck on Cree clit gently. i felt her move a little bit. But I was ready for her to come alive. 

I started sucking a little harder and felt her place her hand on the back of my head. Once she did that it was on and popping. I was picking up and down on her clit real slow and I heard her moan. Ohhh! Tinka!!

That shit turned me up! I went faster and she moan louder! Ohh!! Tinka!! This! Yours!

Mmhmm I know it is daddy! I said as I was eating my morning breakfast. Cree was so wet that she was dripping. I knew she was close to cumming cause she started stroking her strap shaft like she was beating off. Oh! 

Daddy! You know I love that shit! I moaned out loud to her. She rubbing the tip of her head like she ready to let it cum out. I stroked my tongue against her clit one hard time and she busted so hard in my face.

I licked her pussy clean. Yes! Tinka! Oh daddy I'm not quite done yet. You not? 

No daddy! I grabbed her strap and licked the top and then started deep thrusting the whole 9 1/2 to 10in completely without gagging while rubbing her clit. Cree was moaning so loud. Yes! Tinka! Yes! Tinka! She started to reach her climax once again but this time I was going to make her bust super hard.

As I kept sucking her strap and rubbing her clit, I did a quick move where I switched to licking her twice and then rubbed her penis. Yes! Tinka! I'm 'bout to nut! Please! Make me nut! 

As I kept with that rhythm I felt her tense up and squirt for the first time. Damn I wish I was sucking her pussy when that happened. (Cree was moaning loud as fuck.) yes! Yes! Cree was red all in the face and I knew she was sensitive to the touch but I couldn't stop.

I straddled her waist and slid down onto her dick and felt every inch of her in my wet pussy. Mmm is all I can say. I started rocking back and forth and Cree was pumping that dick into me like she felt every inch of my wet pussy. I leaned over and started sucking those hard gum drop nipples of hers while she held onto me tight sliding into me fast and hard.

Ohh daddy! Cree spreading my ass cheeks apart while fucking the nut out of my pussy. Damn she got her second wind. As I leaned up she was holding onto my breast saying fuck! Yes! 

Tinka! Take daddy dick! Yes daddy! I am! Cree got me to turn around and had me bent back towards her ridding the dick. While she was rubbing my clit had me nutting all over.

As I climbed off the dick my legs felt like noodles. Cree got up off the bed and pinned me against the wall and said "where you going" you woke up the monster! Now tame him. Yes daddy! She lift my leg and slide her dick back in me.

I felt my pussy tighten around it like a glove. Mmmhmm! I wrapped my legs around her waist and Cree started pumping in me more rapidly. I can tell she was ready to cum. Yes daddy! Cum for tinka! 

Cree had me pressed against the wall tight and making that dick go in circles while in my pussy. Mmmm daddy I'm cumming! Yes! Tinka! Me too!! 

We both came on that tip and sealed it with a kiss. After she let me down on the bed ,I got up and walked to the kitchen. I started cooking and preparing breakfast for my daddy. Bacon, eggs scrambled with cheese, grits with cheese, toast and sausage. 

Shit! She deserve it for this morning date we had...