 Daughters of the American Evolution -- Amanda

 This story is part of a series called "Daughters of the American Evolution." The stories are all based on the concept of an allegedly sinister (some say beneficent) organization called 'Families Interaction Therapists', or FIT, that has put into action a plan to subliminally convert every female on earth to lesbianism, and to non-violently reduce the number of men on earth by 98%.

Amanda's story is a sequel to Eve's story of how it began....

*

Amanda Meerpol was shopping at David Jones in Melbourne, when a slim young woman with long, blonde hair reached across her for a silk blouse hanging on the rack. It seemed a little bit of a stretch, as there were similar blouses closer to the woman - girl, really - but Amanda didn't really think that much of it. A Muzak version of Ace of Base's 'The Sign', composed for violin, was playing softly over the department store's PA system.

"That's a rather lovely shirt, do you think?" the girl commented. Her soft words belied her expression, rather much like a cat ready to pounce. 

"Yes, it is," Amanda said.

"It would look nice on you, with your eyes and complexion," the girl commented.

"Do you think so?" Amanda replied, surprised. She was used to not being noticed, in spite of the fact that her family was one of the wealthiest in Australia. She had been raised by her parents to be an independent thinker, a strong young woman, and to maintain the highest standards of conduct. In the early months of 1996, there was less of the appetite for personal notoriety that we experience today among the wealthy young. Amanda much preferred keeping a low profile, though her social life suffered for it.

In addition, Amanda was hardly a striking beauty. Handsome is the usual term, and it was expected that eventually, the twenty three year old would find a young man to marry, and continue the Meerpol line. Her parents, Alexander and Victoria would expect no less, being entirely staid and conventional, but devoted to each other and to their daughter Amanda, and a younger brother, Simon, aged sixteen.

Amanda was hardly ugly. But her 'thick' body - just not quite thin enough in the waist, with small breasts and hips too big, but ass too small, made her look awkward and cow-like when compared to the daughters of other wealthy folk. And although her nose, much too big for a debutante, could be fixed with plastic surgery, she was horrified by the idea of cutting into her body just to make herself superficially better. Her hair, at least, was quite presentable, a glossy and thick auburn, long and wavy, resting lightly on her shoulders like a lover's touch.

But those who were graced by Amanda's smile often described it as nearly beatific, and her green eyes were angelic. When she smiled, her eyes lighting up, superficial 'magazine' beauties couldn't hold a candle to her. Combined with her sweet, generous nature, she was sure to find a very worthy beau, when the time came.

Her parents supported her totally. They knew how important it was that she develop her inner beauty, rather than make exterior and superficial changes. They all agreed that her teeth did need some cosmetic straightening, though, and so all the Meerpols supported her getting braces. While they would result in a much nicer smile, eventually, the metal braces did cause her overall look temporarily to suffer a bit. It was a minor setback to her self confidence.

It was to the credit of Amanda and her parents, that in spite of these exterior issues, she had grown up to become a sweet and loving young woman, though, it must be conceded, one whose social calendar had some rather glaring vacancies. 

Amanda was in many ways, what many think that a woman should be - less interested in superficial things, and more interested in being a good person. Her charitable efforts alone were truly noteworthy, and her kindness to those with less than she possessed was inspiring.

Amanda had secured a position as a features reporter for the Melbourne Penny Saver, a local paper chock a block full of ads, and miscellaneous articles as filler. Although not yet a paying position, she felt that it might help her to get a full-time place at the paper eventually. It was charming that she chose that route to a career, in light of the fact that her father could have bought the paper several times over, and not missed the money.

Amanda had already experienced a few attempts by gold-digging men to get their hooks into her family's fortunes. She and her parents were ever on guard for the depredations of such men. 

Amanda smiled at the young woman, noticing that she was rather attractive, if a little rough-edged. 

"Thank you, that's very sweet," Amanda said.

"Oh, but it's true," the girl replied, smiling herself. "Would you be interested in a spot of tea? I have a coupon..."

Amanda was intrigued by a shopper at DJ's, as it was known by Australians, producing a coupon for tea, as inexpensive as it was already, and thought she might have an interesting story to tell. Perhaps one that she could adapt for the Penny Saver. Why...perhaps she had gotten her coupon from the Penny Saver!

"Surely," she responded. Holding out her hand, she said, "My name's Amanda."

"Pleased to meet you," the girl replied. "I'm Ellen."

* * * * 

The two hit it off immediately. Amanda had never met another woman who was so interested in hearing what SHE had to say. She went on and on about her life, her desires and her hopes for the future for so long, that she feared she might have bored poor Ellen to death.

"Oh dear, I don't think I've ever talked about myself so much!" Amanda sighed. "Please, enough about me...please tell me about yourself, Ellen."

Ellen protested that there really wasn't that much to tell, but that she'd recently left her job working with animal care, and was looking for employment elsewhere, and that in the meantime she was casting about for volunteer work she might do with animal rescues.

"Oh! Do you really mean it?" Amanda exclaimed.

"Yes, I'm quite fond of animals, particularly dogs," Ellen replied.

"What a wonderful coincidence," Amanda said, clasping her hands together. "I volunteer for a canine rescue shelter - we take in all sorts of pooches - oh, say that you'll come work with us, please!"

"Well...I suppose I could..." Ellen allowed. "But just until I find a real, paying job," she warned.

"Oh goodness, you needn't worry about that. I'm certain we can find you something you'll like." Amanda's eyes and smile really were quite lovely, and Ellen could see that in her as the wealthy young woman took Ellen's hands in hers.

"I just KNOW we'll be great friends!" Amanda gushed.

"I'm certain that you're correct," Ellen said, smiling herself.

* * * * 

It was no more than a week after their tea, that Ellen and Amanda met again, this time at the 'Heeler Sanctuary', the canine shelter to which Amanda introduced Ellen. It was after a few shared lunches that Amanda experienced a slight fever, and odd, jumbled dreams. Fortunately, Ellen volunteered to come over of an evening, and see that Amanda was put to bed and her apartment put right.

"You're such a dear," Amanda sighed, as Ellen sat by her bedside, a cool, moist flannel on Amanda's forehead. "I have no idea where I caught this flu, or cold, or whatever..."

"I believe there's something going around," Ellen said confidently. "I'm sure you'll be fine, and back on your feet anytime now."

"Well, thank you for troubling yourself over me," Amanda said, her eyes already beginning to close. Lassitude covered her like fog on the Scottish moors.

"Rest easy," Ellen whispered, picking up a book that she'd brought along. 

"What are you read-" Amanda began, her words trailing off into a snuffle as she sank into sleep.

"Why, it's 'Dark Angels, by Pam Keesey, dearest," Ellen said. She smiled. "But I see that you've fallen asleep, so I shan't describe it to you, dear girl. I'm certain that you'll discover it on your own."

After another fifteen minutes or so, Ellen set her book down, and looked at Amanda. The girl was sound asleep, already passing into the dream stage, her eyes moving slightly under her lids, and small sighs and moans escaping her lips.

Ellen lightly set herself down onto the bed next to Amanda, then began easing the coverlet back. Amanda was clad in a long, but thin cotton night gown, the very vision of purity. That made what Ellen was about to do, all the more exciting for its wickedness.

Ellen began lightly caressing the girl's exposed ankles and calves, her fingers skating over the girl's soft and smooth skin, her complexion exquisite and unmarred in any way. As she softly massaged and soothed the heated girl's flesh, Amanda would toss and turn distractedly, but not awaken. As she did so, the fabric would loosen, allowing Ellen to move it upwards a few inches.

After perhaps an hour, the gown was bunched up around Amanda's waist. An incredibly long time for a man to work on seduction, Ellen thought, but for a woman with goals such as hers, hardly any time at all, and certainly time well spent. 

Lying in bed next to Amanda, Ellen considered that the criticisms of Amanda's body, particularly those directed towards her nether regions, were quite overblown. From her perspective, particularly of Amanda's mons and her sweet little ass cheeks, all covered by plain, spotlessly white panties, the view was rather spectacular and mouth-watering, even if Ellen did not believe herself to be a lesbian, interested in such things.

She continued caressing Amanda, feeling the heat coming off the girl, most of it from the fever, but perhaps some small part from Ellen's attentions. Her hands roamed as far north as the girl's stomach and midriff, regions still blessed with girlish baby fat, something that many of the girl's future lovers would continue to find charming well into her thirties.

Amanda sighed, then came to rest on her back, her legs pulling up slightly, innocently directing the gusset of her panties to Ellen's interested view. Ellen brought her fingertips to a spot just over the faint ridge that Amanda's labia made in the thin cotton fabric, and then scraped the very tip of fingernail along, down one puffy ridge and up the adjacent one.

As Ellen caressed Amanda's sweet, plump pudenda, she used her other hand to massage her own swollen and heated clitoris, coming quickly, the first of many she would grant herself that night.

Amanda sighed, her legs falling further away from her sexual center, tempting Ellen to take more direct action. But, Ellen had a plan, and would follow it to her goal.

She continued caressing Amanda's swollen and hot labia with the sharp tip of her fingernail, moving ever closer to the small pearl that she knew was centered between them, building excitement inside the sleeping woman. Amanda's hips would begin rotating slightly as Ellen's teasing fingertip neared her increasingly anxious clitoris, until a small wet spot appeared in the white fabric at the bottom edge of her slit.

Amanda moaned, loudly, and Ellen was momentarily fearful that the fevered woman would awaken. She slowed her caresses, and Amanda sighed, then mumbled something under her breath. Very slowly and carefully, Ellen eased her index finger under the gusset of Amanda's panties, into the liquid silk of the wet spot, and coated her fingertip in the girl's hot, creamy and sweetly fragrant liquid. Lifting the stretched fabric with her other hand, Ellen eased her now-wet finger out from under, then brought it to Amanda's lips, softly and carefully coating the girl's lips and nose with the sweet, creamy fluid expression of a woman's desire.

Then she brought her lips to Amanda's, and as she pressed them lightly into the girl's soft red lips, also brought the heel of her hand to press down on Amanda's clitoris, which had been completely ignored until then. Ellen felt Amanda's hips quake and shake as she came suddenly, fully in her sleep, the girl moaning into Ellen's mouth, her tongue thrashing about like a fire hose escaping a firefighter's grasp.

Ellen resisted the temptation to kiss her more deeply, or even do anything beyond that, slowly withdrawing from contact with the sweet, young girl, then easing off her bed, and leaving the girl's apartment, but leaving her book behind.

* * * * 

"Hi, Ellen," Amanda said, as Ellen put the phone to her ear.

"Hi!" Ellen responded perkily. "How are you feeling?"

"I wanted to apologize....I must have fallen asleep...it was so rude of me," Amanda said.

"Oh no," Ellen responded. "I was happy to see that you got into bed safely. I let myself out. I guess you slept well....?"

"Well, sort of," Amanda responded. "I slept until nine - that's two hours more than I usually sleep." She hesitated. "But, I think I had some wild dreams..."

"Like what?" Ellen asked.

"I don't know for sure," Amanda said. "I just know they were...wild."

"Well...do you feel up to do anything today? Maybe getting out would do you some good. Would you like to come with me to Kay Craddock? There's a book on flower arranging I wanted to get, maybe you could find something you'd like?"

"That sounds nice," Amanda admitted. "It wouldn't be an imposition on you, would it?"

"Oh no, I'd love to see you again," Ellen said, warmly. "Besides, I HAVE to come over, I left my book there...silly me." 

"Yes, I'd like to see you, too," Amanda said. Ellen smiled to herself.

"Then it's a date," Ellen said. "Um, we'll take the bus?"

"Oh, no, let me drive. I have a car, I'll pick you up?"

"Oh, okay," Ellen replied. "Would in an hour be okay?"

"That'd be perfect," Amanda said, excited now. "It'll be SO nice to get out...and to see you again." Ellen's pussy tingled.

The two connected an hour later, and chatted as Amanda drove Ellen and herself to the bookstore. After browsing for about an hour, and after Ellen bought a book that she would later toss in the trash, the two had lunch at a small café a block away from the bookstore.

"I don't know where my fever came from, but I think I'm getting much better," Amanda said, looking across the table at Ellen. Ellen's hair seemed to almost sparkle, and her eyes were warm, her smile, and her lips seemed like a magnet for Amanda's eyes.

"I'm so glad," Ellen said. "I thought you'd be okay when I left, but you seemed to be dreaming almost as soon as you fell asleep.

"Yes..." Amanda said. "Um...have you ever had, um, sex dreams?" 

Ellen thought back to when she was converted. Her dreams had been overwhelming, as though she had been immersed in an all-girl orgy. And SO realistic! Waking up with wet sheets from the number and intensity of her dream-induced orgasms had become normal, and the orgasms were nearly as wonderful as those she experienced when having sex with another girl - but not with guys, not anymore....

"Yes...once in a while," she lied. "Did you have a sex dream last night?" she teased.

Amanda's face reddened. "Well...yes," she admitted.

"Well, I think that's perfectly normal, don't you?" Ellen asked. "I mean, girls can think about sex, and dream about sex, and have sex these days. Men can't stop that." Ellen tried to stop herself from finishing the sentence but failed. She hoped that Amanda wouldn't catch her slip. To her relief, Amanda not only missed her misstep, but interpreted it as a reference to her own dreams of the night before.

"It's funny," Amanda said. "I had a sexy dream...dreams...last night, and it didn't involve any men. Do you think that means anything?" She looked questioningly at her new friend.

"You mean it was about girls?" Ellen asked innocently.

"Yes," Amanda said. "I can't tell you the most embarrassing part." 

It was obvious to Ellen that Amanda was dying to tell her the most embarrassing part.

"Oh no, what?" Ellen said.

"I couldn't," Amanda said, blushing, but excited.

"Well, I don't think you can call me your friend if you're going to hint that it was embarrassing - and I think, exciting - and then not tell me!" Ellen said, in mock anger.

"Oh, I AM your friend!" Amanda affirmed. "Do you promise you'll never tell anyone...and also, not take it personally?" She looked nervously at her friend.

"I promise...all of that. So c'mon, spill it! You've got me dying of curiosity!" Ellen was feeling rather more excitement at the prospect of getting into Amanda's panties, of tasting Amanda's hot nectar, of hearing her sighs and moans of pleasure and feeling her squirm with desperate Sapphic need...but knew that the excitement on her face that she was unable to hide, would be interpreted by the heiress as excitement at her story. Besides, Ellen was more focused on the pleasure she was feeling at her clitoris, which was transmitting delightful tingles radiating through her lower body at the sensual dance the two women were performing.

"Um, okay," Amanda said. Her voice dropped to nearly a whisper, and she leaned forward across the table. Ellen did the same, her face approaching Amanda's. Ellen smiled when she saw Amanda's eyes attracted to her lips, and knew that Amanda was thinking of kissing Ellen, though that wouldn't happen with such a wide table in the way.

The thought was enough...for now, part of Amanda's progression to a new way of life.

Amanda hesitated, then her confession spilled promiscuously from the girl's luscious lips. "Oh Ellen, YOU were in the dream!"

"Me?" Ellen said, faking a look of surprise. "What was I doing?"

Amanda reddened. "I don't know where these ideas even came from. I swear I've never thought about...being with...another girl. Um, you and I, were kissing-"

"That doesn't sound so bad," Ellen said.

"Oh, that was just the start," Amanda said. "But...honestly.... it felt so heavenly," she said, a little wistfully. "I'm so bad," she said, barely able to look into Ellen's eyes.

"Um, maybe that would feel nice - in real life, I mean," Ellen said, then shrugged, as if to indicate that it wasn't important to her. 

"So, what else?" Ellen stared frankly into Amanda's green eyes

"Oh god," Amanda said. "Well..." her pause was so drawn out that Ellen felt the temptation to reach across the table and slap her. But she resisted the impulse, and Amanda resumed.

"First, you kissed my breasts and nipples - this is after we kissed for a really long time - oh, and we were naked. Then you kissed your way down my stomach, and kissed me...there."

"You mean on your...>i>vagina?" Ellen giggled. "How did you even think of such a thing?" Ellen asked.

"I don't know!" Adana exclaimed. "I swear I never..." She looked confused, as though she were having trouble remembering exactly what she 'never'.

"How did it feel?" Ellen asked.

"You've had sex, right?" Amanda asked confidentially.

"It's 1996, girl," Ellen said. "I'm pretty sure every girl who's been to college has had sex."

"Well, it felt like that - you know, when it's with the right guy, AND he knows what he's doing." The two giggled, though inside Ellen was seething.

"So....a dream 'me' went down on you, and you came...and you REALLY liked it?" Ellen said, matter-of-factly.

"That's about it," Amanda admitted. "Except..."

"Except?" Ellen asked, her eyebrows elevating slightly.

"Except that - it was with a lot of women, not just you, and they did things with their fingers, too...and I, I did it to them - and to you, too." Amanda's face was bright red.

"Well, I think that sounds nice," Ellen said.

"Really?" Amanda said, surprised. "I thought that you'd be shocked."

"Oh, it does sound unusual, I guess, but dreams can be a very pleasant way to relax and spend the night, and that's tons better than if you were being chased by a guy with an axe, right?" Amanda nodded.
