 My Husband is in the Military and he is gone a lot which makes it hard for both of us since we are extremely sexually active. When he isn't out at sea we can't keep our hands off of each other and we are always discovering new ways to keep our sex life spicy. 

My Husband had been gone at this point for 2 months and would soon be returning home. During this particular deployment I got some wild and crazy ideas in my head. Jay had always loved watching me play with my pussy weather it be with my fingers, toys or whatever else may arise. I decided that every time I was horny that I would video tape these sessions for my husband, little did I know the turn they were going to take. Since I have a high sex drive I knew my husband was going to have a lot to watch and I knew he wouldn't mind having the videos for future use. 

On this particular afternoon I set the video camera up on the tripod and aimed it towards my bed. I got some of my toys out of my bed side table and laid them on the bed so they were easily accessible, then I turned the camera on to record me pleasing myself. I laid down on my bed with my legs spread wide apart and began to slowly stick my finger inside my cunt which was already wet from thinking about what I was going to do to myself. I slowly began to rub my clit while playing with my tits. I keep my pussy and my ass crack neatly shaved since Jay likes it that way the best. I was really getting into the feeling of my finger slowly rubbing my clit and my pussy was in total approval. 

I reached over and grabbed a 7 inch dildo and slowly began to tease my cunt with it, just easing the head inside of me was causing me to moan with pleasure since I've always loved to be teased. I slipped my middle finger deeply into my cunt and slowly eased it within my asshole, it felt great! I was really getting into it. I grabbed the tube of KY jelly and lubed up my asshole and slowly began to insert my newly purchased anal beads. One by one my asshole slowly sucked them deep within. Once I got them all in my ass I took my dildo and began to fuck myself with it, I rolled my hips around and moaned then I slowly turned to my all time favorite doggy style position and fucked myself that way. The next thing I know I'm hearing my door bell ring. 

"Fuckin great" I think to myself. "Wonder who the hell that is and what they want." I removed my dildo, grabbed my robe and went to the door, not realizing that my anal beads were still in place and how great they felt snug inside my ass! I opened the door and my neighbor Kim was at the door, her husband was also in the Navy and she was a little upset, he just called and told her that his ship was heading over to the gulf for a peace keeping mission. I felt terrible for her but I really wanted to get back to my fuck session with myself I was so horny and I needed to cum. Kim and I talked for a few minutes and she felt a little better, I guess she needed to vent. She asked what I was up to and if she interrupted anything. 

"No, nothing that can't wait." I told her. She asked if I was sure and I told her that I was. She complimented my robe and I thanked her. I then told Kim that I should really go into my room and get dressed. I felt a little uncomfortable standing there in my robe. I excused myself and headed down the hall to my room still talking to Kim, little did I know she was coming down the hall once I got into my room. Most of my toys were on my bed and my video camera was still taping. She leaned against the door frame and said "Damn Dawn, I uh didn't mean to interrupt, what a collection you got there."

I told her not to worry that I was done and just hadn't gotten the chance to put everything away. She just gave me one of those yeah right looks. She walked towards me and said that she had always thought that I was a beautiful woman. What she did next really surprised me. She slipped her hand inside my robe and started touching my tits! I had always been a little on the curious side about being with another woman but never tried it and never really put much thought into it. She reached down with her other hand and untied my robe and slipped it off my shoulders, I looked down as it fell to the floor. She slowly went down to her knees and inserted a finger in my dripping slit. 

"Looks like you're still horny Dawn."

"Umm yeah, I really didn't get to finish what I had started." She buried her finger deep in my cunt and said "well why don't we finish it off together, I could really use an orgasm or two right now." Then she gave me a little push and I went down on the bed. I was still in disbelief at what was taking place. She took her clothes off and was standing before me completely nude and she was beautiful! She too, shaved her pussy and had nice perky tits. My cunt was feeling hotter by the second! She tapped my knees apart and then she noticed the string of my beads still hanging out of my ass. "Now, that's a sight...my god Dawn you are something else." She slowly started kissing my thighs and before I knew it she had her tongue at my slit licking me from top to bottom. I was in heaven. "Oh Kim, that feels great!"

"You taste great." I was playing with my tits and practically bucking my cunt in her face! "Lay down Kim, let me lick your cunt, I want to taste you." I told her. She came from in between my legs and laid herself on my bed spreading her legs and exposing her pussy to me. It was so pretty and her clit was swollen and her little pink lips were glistening. I went down on her and began licking her clit and she began to scream! I inserted my finger deep inside her pussy as far as it would go and she began to move her hips with my rhythm. I was so hot and turned on by this! She reached over and grabbed a vibrator and handed it to me, I took it and stuck it deep in my throat a few times and then teased the opening of her cunt with it. She begged me to fuck her with it. I began inserting it deeper and deeper each time and she was feeling all of it. She started breathing heavy and told me she was going to cum.

"Fuck my cunt with it Dawn! Bury it deep inside me, I'm going to cum!" Her creamy cum was running down the vibe and she was still breathing heavy. She sat up and pushed me back down on the bed, took the vibe from my hands and stuck in it her mouth tasting her cum, she licked it from top to bottom until her cum was gone. She asked me of I was ready and I nodded. She then looked down to my cunt to see my fingers playing with my clit and she told me that was her job so, I moved my hand and let her have at it. She spread my pussy lips apart and began licking on my clit which sent shivers up and down my spine, she ate pussy so well. She took the vibe and teased my cunt hole with it and I begged her to give it to me. She began pumping the cock into me as deep as it would go and before I knew it I was ready to cum! "I'm going to cum Kim." I told her. 

She took the cock from my cunt and started eating me again, I was in heaven. I could feel a little tension on the string of my anal beads and she began to slowly pull them out of my asshole one by one just as I had inserted them. "Oh my god! I'm cumming I'm cumming!"

She licked my cunt faster and faster and kept pulling the beads out of my ass until I came down from my ultimate high. "That was great." She said to me. I asked her if she was ready for another round and she said she was. I leaned over to my bed side table and pulled out a double headed cock. The look in her eyes was amazing. She said that this was going to be great. We both got on our knees with our asses facing each other and inserted the cock in our hot little cunts. We both moaned with pleasure and pain. We rocked our hips in sync with each other and we never missed a beat. Kim stopped and I asked her what was wrong and she said that she wanted to feel this cock in her asshole. I was game! 

We removed the cock from our cunts and we lubed up each others assholes playing and teasing each other. I licked her asshole and stuck my tongue in her ass. When we were nicely lubed up we were ready for the adventure that we were about to begin. We held the heads at our assholes and slowly worked them into our holes taking it slow. Kim moaned and said that she had never felt anything like this before. She then admitted that she'd never been fucked in the ass and didn't realize what she'd been missing all this time. When we had the cocks worked into our assholes we began rocking our asses back and forth both of us moaning with pleasure. We both must have had the same idea because we both reached for vibrators at the same time to fuck our cunts with while our asses got fucked as well. We began to rock faster and faster.

"This feels so fucking good." I said. "Oh god Dawn I'm going to cum!" Kim began to cum as did I, we rocked and rocked ourselves in unison cumming all over the vibes in our cunts and feeling the spasms in our assholes as we came. It was great. Kim was still screaming, she was still cumming! I pulled the cock out of my ass and turned around and began to pump her ass with the cock that was still filling her asshole. I told her to straddle me so I could eat her pussy while I worked this cock in and out of her ass. I began to lick her I paid special attention to her clit and fucked her harder with the cock that was filling her asshole. She was cumming and cumming, her whole body was shaking and I wasn't letting up. I continued to lick her clit and her cunt hole until she begged me to stop. Once she was finished I began to slowly remove the cock that had been lodged into her ass for about an hour at this point and when I did it made her cum again. This chic was hot as hell! I was thinking. 

Kim asked me if I'd ever had a golden shower and I told her that I didn't but always wanted one. Jay would never do it no matter how hard I tried. She told me that it was great and asked me if I would piss on her cunt. We got up to head into the bathroom when she noticed that the camera was recording. She said "Did we just record the fuck session that we had?" I told her that I didn't realize the camera was still on (actually I forgot all about it) And she asked if I would make her a copy of the tape. I told her that we could watch it together later on and that I had been recording myself and my fuck sessions for Jay. She told me to bring the camera into the bathroom for the next scene. I set the camera up and Kim laid in the tub with her legs spread wide and her fingers pulling her pussy lips apart awaiting the shower. I stood above her on the sides of the tub and squatted and began to piss all over her cunt. She began to cum again and again screaming with pure ecstasy! I was in total amazement. 

She leaned up a little to reach my cunt with her tongue and gave it a few licks and told me to lay down for my turn. I laid down and spread 'em wide with my fingers I exposed my bulging clit. Kim got into the same position I was in and started to piss a powerful stream of piss onto my clit, it was so hot running down my cunt lips and I was cumming, my orgasm was more powerful than the others that I had experienced just a bit earliler. I was feeling great and on a natural high. I leaned up and sucked her cunt dry of her urine. It was such a turn on! We got out of the tub, turned off the camera and began to get dressed. Kim asked me if I minded her coming over tomorrow so we could share our pussies with each other. I told her that I didn't mind at all and that I was looking forward to it.

She said "Great, I'm looking forward to it, this time I'll bring over some of my toy collection." I reached for my robe that was still where it fell, when I bent over Kim stuck a finger inside my asshole and began fucking me with it. I just put my hands on the bed with my ass high in the air and let her fuck me with her finger. I rocked my ass back and forth while playing with my pussy, I couldn't take it any longer and told her I was cumming. 

"That's what I want you to do Dawn, cum for me, let it all out." When I came down from my orgasm she put her head between my legs and sucked my cum from within my pussy. When she finished she lightly slapped my ass and said "That was great, you taste remarkable, I had to taste you one last time before I head back home." I just nodded my head I was still in disbelief at the orgasm I just had and how quickly she made me cum. Kim began to walk out of my room and said that she'd let herself out and that she'd see me later. I couldn't wait! I couldn't imagine what Jay was going think of this hot tape!

*** If you'd like to hear more about the session that Kim and I have shared with each other I will be more than happy to share them with you***