 ANNUAL ORGY SPAWNS NEW LOVERS

Author's note: Recommend reading LONG LIVE THE KINKY Parts 1 thru 8 to formularize youself with the characters in this series. 





Dawn and her lesbian partner Gwen put on a weekend long orgy every spring. They scheduled this year's orgy for the weekend before Spring break. Dawn lightened the load in her history class. Sandy did the same for her English Lit students. Gwen freed the girls from Cheerleader practice until the Monday after the holidays. All who attended felt free to enjoy a good time without worrying about class work pressures. 

The many guests included the hosts Gwen and Dawn, Jason and Nikki, Candy and Cindy, Laura and Sheri, Football Trainer Steve Johnson, Sandy and her mystery guest and Cassie and Jackie In addition, six girls Nikki and Jason recognized but did not know well attended. All are bi or lesbian and had heard rumors about Nikki and wanted to check her out for themselves. Sara, a 21 year old senior is a busty 38-24-36 5'8" with short back hair. Her date Rachel measures 38-24-37. The 21-year-old junior has olive skin and luxurious long black hair. Both are confirmed lesbians and enjoyed several sessions with Dawn and Gwen.

Clair, 5'5", 34-23-25 arrived with her sister Marley, 5'6." 38-23-36. They are African American sisters and bisexual lovers. Clair, 18 is a high school senior. Marley, 19 is a freshman. Both are sexually insatiable and fucked most of the football team and the coaches. On several occasions, they and Laura enjoyed a terrific three way. They both lusted after Jason and Nikki. 

The fifth new comer is a very beautiful but painfully shy 18-year-old freshman. Janet, a 5'6", 38-23-36 red head never dated. Her only sexual release came with masturbation usually with her selection of toys. Her roommate, Jennifer, 18, a 36-23-35 blond is a confirmed lesbian. She tried everything to bring Janet out of her shell. Only by hiding the true nature of today's party had she managed to talk Janet into joining her. By the end of the orgy, Jennifer and Janet became insatiable lesbian partners. 

Two incredibly beautiful exotic women entered. Dawn ran to them, embraced each followed by passionate kisses. "Oh my God, I am so happy you made it this year," Dawn gushed. "You have not changed a bit, still as beautiful and sexy as ever."

"Life is good sweetheart." Nicole said. "You remain your gorgeous self too."

"Thank you dear." Dawn replied. "Can you stay for spring break?"

"I wish we could." Michelle responded. We are due in San Francisco Tuesday to rehearse a weekend performance at an upscale gay and lesbian nightclub. I am sorry. Nothing would please us more than to spend some quality time with you and Gwen." 

"It is understandable, but I am holding you to a rain check. " Dawn insisted. 

"We will see you as soon as possible." Michele promised.

"We do have a bit of good news." Nicole related. "Matt and Brad are becoming quite successful businessmen. In addiction to their golf course, they now own a professionally accredited bowling alley and three sport bars. They hold a small share in Los Amigos and Loving Angels. They funded a mayor expansion of both clubs. They both now have upstairs and downstairs dance floors. They added two levels to both clubs, each with 20 playen rooms.

"We stopped to see them on the way down. They express regrets and wish they could be here. We truly regret their absence. They are by far the best male lovers in our lives," Michelle professed. 

"There is a gentleman here I want you to meet. I promise you will add him to your list of great male lovers."

The festivities started with an outdoor barbeque of a Cuban delicacy, Moho marinated chicken, potato salad, fresh tomatoes, a relish plate, a keg of draft beer and several wine selections. Some excellent weed passed around for anyone so inclined. In an irony not lost on any of the potheads, Sandy and her guest Michel from Jamaica entered. They apologized for being late. "My flight left on Jamaica time," Michael joked. "Everything on the island happens when it feels right and not according to any blasted clock!"

Everyone laughed at his joke and fell in love with his thick Jamaican accent.

They enjoyed a quick bite and joined the party well under way. Music from a hired DJ blasted away as everyone danced to their heart's content, alone or with partners. When the music turned slow and mellow it was time for everyone to find a partner. 

Candy and Cindy, the first to the floor, held each other tight and kissed madly. Sandy and Michael joined them with their crotches obviously grinding into each other.

Gwen grabbed Steve and mimicked Sandy and Michael. Laura and Sheri followed mimicking Candy and Cindy. Dawn cut in on Sheri and danced with Laura for a while. Sheri took Nikki by the hand and they danced tightly together. 

Rachel and Sara sat together on a sofa making out with a lot of heavy petting.

Dawn's two girl friend danced together for a short time. One seemed to be whispering into her friend's ear. Michelle made the inroducion. In a somewhat husky but sexy voice she said, "Hi I'm Michelle, My sistuer is Nicole." 

Jason introduced himself and asked how they knew Dawn. "We roomed with Dawn in college." Nicole began. "We are French and choose USC for its liberal reputation. At first, being transsexuals, we were not readily accepted. Dawn stepped up and made in clear she would start a student rebellion if anyone harassed or hurt us in any way. In out year at USC we enjoyed the company of many women and two very kind transvestites. We had only one bad experience which we want to forget. We met an escort and after a long discussion decided decided to leave school and become transexsual escorts. 

Jason knew something of transsexual lifestyle. One of his cousins decided to undergo treatment to become the women trapped in his male body. He preferres other men so Jason assumed all TSs did only men. He explained his cousin's situation and his preference for men.

"Oh, there are many lesbian transsexuals, who we know personally" Nicole corected Jason. "Tell Jason our story, Michelle."

Michelle began: "We are bisexual sisters and lovers born one year apart to loving, caring open-minded parents. At birth we looked like little baby girls, but with sex organs of a male. Our parents had a difficult decision to make. In each case they told the doctors they prefaced to take us home as we were and let nature decide if we were masculine or feminine." 

"When we developed shapely asses, our parents knew we are natural born transsexuals," Nicole added." We dressed in girls clothing. Mom and Dad committed us to a healthy low cal diet that kept our bodies lean and trim. We never required hormone treatments. This is why we have larger dicks than most transsexuals. Our tits did not develop fully so our parents paid for implants when we each turned 18." 

"We grew up deeply in love and trust one another completely." Michelle concluded. "We work as show girls and escorts. Many men and women clients happily pay our $1000.00 per hour fee. Gay and lesbian might clubs pay us $1000.00, plus a share of the receipts. We plan to retire soon with enough savings to marry and fulfill our dreams of world travel. We are here to pair up with anyone interested." 

ARTHUR'S NOTE: Read details of Michelle and Nicole's early years in "Transsexual Sisters"





"ALL RIGHT ALL came Dawn's voice. TIME TO GET NAKED!! There are boxes in the office for your clothing,"

Within in minutes every one stood naked. Except Janet. 

"NOW CHOOSE YOU PARTNER OR PARTNERS. Make it someone who wants to give us a show.



 ORGY BRINGS A NEW LIFE FOR JANET

Janet overcame her reluctance to remove her clothing when she saw Jennifer's beautiful body. She became aroused shaking like a leaf and asked her for help

Jennifer had longed for the moment and approached her roommate. "You need to calm down, my dear. This will help." She kissed Janet lightly. Janet responded, kissing her back. They locked in a passionate open mouth kiss. Jennifer removed her friends blouse and her skirt. She caressed her bra-covered breasts. Janet, thrilled at the new sensations, fondled Jennifer's abundant breasts and tweaked her hard nipples. Jennifer stuck her hand in Janet's panties and pressed her hairy mound. Janet responded immediately and started shaking out of control. She almost fainted as her orgasm rocked her body. Janet could not belief the ecstatic feeling lingering in her body. It was far beyond any self-induced orgasms in her life. 

"Oh Jennifer my love, I never thought sex could bring so much pleasure." Janet choking through tears told her lover. 

Jennifer hugged her softly wiping away her tears. "I hoped your first lesbian orgasm would be special. Your orgasm was far beyond my wildest expectations. You must have been frustrated for long time to cum just from my touch. It is obvious a sex-craving woman lurked whiten your shy exterior. 

"Join me Janet and I will open the most pleasurable world you can possible imagine. Come with me now and I will show you how to make love to a woman." 

They entered an empty bedroom. Jennifer removed the rest of Janet's clothing and sat her in a chair. "The first thing is to get rid of your muff." Jennifer told her lover. 

She retrieved scissors, a mirror, razor, shaving cream, lotion, a towel and a tub of warm water. "Watch this in the mirror so you will learn to do yourself and others." Jennifer ordered. First, she toweled the juices from Janet's pussy. She neatly trimmed her hair to stubble. She applied a generous amount of shaving cream to her pussy and ass. She shaved off her stubble, leaving Janet's pussy and ass completely bare. Jennifer applied soothing edible lotion. She told Janet to keep herself bare from now on. "No more hair for me she vowed."

Take the mirror and lay down on the bed with your calves hanging over the side." Jennifer ordered. "Hold the mirror so you can clearly see your pussy." She saw the reflection of Jennifer's lips just above her very wet pussy. 

"You smell wonderful." Jennifer told her. Licking Janet's pussy for the first time, she told her "You taste even better. "

"Put the mirror down." Jennifer told her. "Concentrate on feelings and remember what I do to you."

Janet shuddered as Jennifer kissed her pussy hard and opened her mouth completely encircling her mound. She curled her tongue and very slowly entered Janet's hot moist pussy. Janet's pussy throbbed in a mild orgasm, spraying a small amount of sweet nectar into Jennifer mouth. 

She removed her tongue, used her juices to lube her ass and plunged two left hand fingers deep into Janet's bung. She placed two fingers from her right hand in Janet's pussy, sucked her clit and fucked her ass with her left hand. Janet found herself overcome with joy and wondered why she waited so long to succumb to Jennifer's seduction. The scared little puppy turned into starved bulldog. She bravely intended to make up for lost time.

Pulling Jennifer to the bed, she returned Jennifer's actions with equal intensity. Soon they locked in a frenzied 69. Janet attacked Jennifer's pussy. She opened her lips and locked on, holding her outer lips open and jabbed her tongue into her vaginal opening. She searched for the tiny nub of her G-spot, found it quickly and gently lapped it with the tip of her tongue.

Jennifer's ejaculate built quickly. She arched her back pushing hard on Janet's face. Janet wrapped her lips on Jennifer's clit and sucked hard.

Jennifer screamed in the rapture of a massive ejaculation. She grunted and spurted long streams repeatedly. Each grunt brought a new spurt. Large puddles of her tangy juice covered the bedroom floor. 

Exhausted, Jennifer almost passed out. Her heaving chest managed only ragged breaths. 

Janet grew more and more concerned. "Talk to me Jen!" she cried. She held her hand and was thrilled when Jennifer's hand tightened. "Oh dear God I thought I had lost you darling."

"Please keep doing what you just did to me," Jennifer whispered. "You took me to places I never imagined."

"Are you telling me I did well?" a surprised Janet asked. 

"Baby you are a natural." Jennifer replied. "Come to me lover."

Janet moved beside her lover and placed Jennifer's head on her shoulders. Jennifer ran her fingers trough Janet's hair, held her chin and lovingly kissed her. 

After a short rest, Jennifer straddled her lover and kissed her fervently. Her sweet tongue moved slowly between Janet's lips. She slowly opened allowing Jennifer full penetration. She felt Jennifer's hot tongue swirl around her mouth. Janet's lips opened wide and she moved her tongue into Jennifer's is waiting mouth. 

As the kissing continued, a deep passion grew in their souls. Too tired for rough sex they touched softly, their motions measured and slow. Janet moved to Jennifer's breasts and perfect position for Jennifer to feast on her hanging orbs of joy. They caressed each other with palms rubbing their hardening nipples. They kissed and sucked one nipple and rolled the other in their palm. 

"This is so nice," Janet exclaimed.

"So good," Jennifer replied.

Jennifer licked a zigzag pattern down Janet's perfectly shaped belly to her freshly shaved pussy. She spread her outer lips and tongued the pink undersides. She teasingly ran her tongue up and down her slit. She entered Janet's vaginal opening and fucked her slowly gradually increasing the pace, not too slow or fast. Janet released a continual wave of sweet juices. Jennifer feasted with unquenchable thirst

She pushed two fingers into Janet's asshole and fucked her slowly. Janet jerked at the surprised penetration and relaxed relishing the invasion of her most privet area. Jennifer replaced her tongue with three fingers. 

"Oh Jen that is so nice, Do me good. Harder and faster, please!" Janet begged.

Jennifer increased the pace of her fingers and tongued her clit. As an incredible orgasm rocked her body, Janet shook and shrieked loudly. She pulled Jennifer's head to her pussy and rode a multi-orgasmic wave showering Jennifer with blast after blast of ejaculate.

Exhausted the lovers fell into each other's arms and fell soundly asleep. When they awoke, they found the orgy still going strong. 

Like a kid with a new toy, Janet had sex with Dawn, Gwen, Candy and Cindy,Cassie nd Jackie and Clair and Marley before the weekend was over. 

Jennifer's wild streak was contagious and the two became renowned Campus wide for marathon love sessions and willingness eat pussy or lick ass at a moments notice.