 Stephanie had lived on the vineyard her parents owned for most of her childhood years. As it was a large estate she didn't have anyone to interact with other than her younger sister, Sally. They were taught primary schooling from their Mother and took tests by mail. However, for a high school education at the time Stephanie was ready, the only option was to go to boarding school so her parents selected the best girls college in the city, about 400 kilometers from their house. She packed all her things and was taken to her new school feeling unsure about what to expect. When she arrived, she was greeted by a pretty young teacher who helped her to her room. For the first year, all the new girls shared a supervised dorm so the got to know each other. Stephanie felt strangely comfortable in her new surroundings, and she enjoyed her classes. The only thing that bugged her a bit were the uniforms. She was used to jeans and tee shirts at home, now she had to ware a pleated skirt knee-high stockings a satin blouse and jacket with a purple silk scarf. The school even had matching lingerie that the girls had to ware. They could choose between bra and panties with suspenders, french-knickers with camisoles or teddies, but they always had to be wearing them. Stephanie didn't think much of it at first, but in her second year at the school she was put in an unsupervised room with a girl two years ahead of her. This was when her real education began.

The older girl, Natalie, told Stephanie that she was a lesbian. She knew what that meant of-course, but she didn't know why Natalie told her, so she inquired. Natalie said that after three years at 'Queen Victoria Girls College' she couldn't be anything else.

"You see Steph, at this school, the only time we get to see the outside world is at Christmas, so for the other 11 months we only have each other."

She was right, Stephanie hadn't realised but she only left for one month over the holidays, that didn't mean they had school the whole time, just that the other breaks came in the school grounds. She didn't mind that Natalie was gay, actually she liked it. It seemed normal considering the situation.

"Stephanie, are you going to the dance tonight?"

"What dance?"

"The autumn dance don't you remember last year?"

Stephanie started late so unfortunately she missed the last one but she thought she'd like to go. "Yeah I'll go."

The two girls got ready to go and they went up to the auditorium, once there Stephanie noticed that there were only teachers and other girls from school there, but it didn't bother her. Natalie and Steph drank what was supposed to be non-alcoholic punch and danced together till late at night. Steph was feeling a little dizzy so she went to sit down. It turned out that another girl spiked the punch and she and Natalie were drunk. They decided to leave and went back to their dorm.

When Stephanie woke up the next morning she could hardly remember the previous night. She didn't even remember how she got in. As she became aware of her surroundings her heart almost skipped a beat. She wasn't in her bed!

She turned over to see Natalie still sleeping body next to her. Now she really wished she could remember. Oh God she thought, then she saw a pile of clothes strewn across the room. There was her dress, Natalies and two sets of knickers. She then realised she was naked, and it started to occur to her what had happened. The possibility that she might have had sex with her room-mate made her worried, but she also felt a little excited. She noticed how her breasts were sore and she slipped her hand down between her legs to discover a wet, tender pussy. She rubbed herself softly and gently so as not to wake Natalie, and she started to fantasize about what might have happened. Before she could bring herself off, Natalie woke up with a sigh.

"Hi sweetie ", she said and kissed her on she cheek. Stephanie's heart was pounding. Her hand was still on her pussy and she was so close to coming that the little kiss almost sent her over the edge.

"Did you have a nice sleep?" Natalie continued.

"Uh-huh." She was sweaty from her masturbating.

"I'll bet you did you naughty girl." Natalie rolled on her side to face Stephanie and as she spoke she touched the inside of her thighs. That was enough. Stephanie sighed girlishly and began to shake. She looked into her lovers eyes as she came into her hand.

"Oh my god, that felt so good!"

"Wow," Natalie cried, " I had no idea you were so turned on."

"How can I not be when I wake up next to you, tell me, what did we do last night?"

"You really can't remember?"

"No."

"After we got home I got undressed, helped you change and..."

"What, what did we do?"

"We fell asleep."

"What!" Stephanie couldn't believe what she said. "You mean you didn't fuck me?" Still not convinced that they just went to bed.

"No Honey, I didn't. I wanted to but I knew you wouldn't remember if I did or not, and that's a terrible way to have your first time."

Stephanie became embarrassed at how she'd been fingering herself. "Sorry about before."

"You don't need to be sorry, it's good. At least now I know you'll remember your first experience with another woman."

"But we haven't done anything."

"Not yet..."

Natalie grinned and moved her hand higher up Stephs' thigh. She slid it across her soft skin until she was just teasing the outside of her pussy. She moaned with delight as Natalie moved her hand onto her soaked crease. With her middle finger she traced up from her slippery entrance, along the centre of her womanhood, dragging girl cum onto Stephanies trembling clitoris. As she touched it Steph cried out and leaned over to kiss her girlfriend. It was a kiss she'd never forget. So soft and gentle, very feminine, like a dance. Their tongues caressed each others mouths and lips while Stephanie moved her hand between Natalies legs. The hand loved each other until Natalie was satisfied that Steph was ready to lose her lesbian virginity.

She broke the kiss and kissed her way down Stephanies neck and shoulders. She softly tongued her way down to the cleft between Stephs breasts. Taking one in her hand, Natalie expertly rubbed it whilst kissing and sucking the other. Stephanies nipples poked out like little cherries which Natalie sucked lovingly. After a few minutes, she switched to suck her other breast giving it the same pleasure as the first. Then she continued her kissing journey over Stephanies navel, under the sheets and between Stephanies legs. "You smell like a lesbian" she said as she inhaled the familiar scent of a girl in heat.

"Please suck me," Stephanie cried, "I want to be gay like you."

Natalie placed her lips on Stephs clit and started to lick it slowly. She moved her tongue down deep into her lovers pussy. Gathering all her lesbian juices and smearing them on her face and Stephs clit. Then she licked them off. Pushing her tongue hard against Stephanie she engulfed her bud with her lips and sucked it into her mouth. Stephanie felt the urge to come building in her. Natalie licked faster and harder with Steph moaning and crying out how much she liked it. She felt the centre of her stomach get hot, and all of a sudden, she went dizzy. "Oh baby Oh baby I like it so much" she cried out as her whole body turned tingly and she let her first gay climax drain out of her.

When Natalie poked her head out from under the sheet Stephanie looked at her with this big smile. "Come here you that was so good!" She opened her arms and pulled Natalie close. Their breasts molded into one-another perfectly and Stephanie kissed her lovers glistening mouth. She could taste her girl cum in Natalies mouth and she liked it a lot. "My turn, roll over" she instructed her girlfriend as she prepared to suck her in return. After they spent the morning loving each other every way they could think of they got up to take a shower. Stephanies first with another girl. They washed each other carefully spending extra time on their breasts. With a piece of soap each they stepped close together and began to soap up each-others pussies. They started kissing again, letting the hot drops of water fall between their faces. Soon they both shared another orgasm.

After that day Stephnies life changed at school. Natalie got her inducted to an exclusive club that only proven lesbians could join. That got her invited to all the great gay parties and she met heaps of other girlfriends, although Natalie was still the one she had the most sex with. After two great years of dyke heaven where Steph got to fuck more pussies than she could count including some of the young teachers, Natalie graduated. Stephanie cried when she helped her move her things out, but they promised to remain friends. Even so, Stephanie knew she wouldn't get to make love to her until she graduated, because during her month off she went back to visit her parents. So she decided to have a sort of going away party. She invited four other lesbian girls and her favourite gay teacher, telling them that they had to fuck her and Natalies brains out. Ofcourse they all agreed.

On her last night at school Natalie came into her room to find Katherine (the teacher), Jennifer, Belinda, Melissa and Joanne all kneeling on the floor kissing Stephanie all over. They all jumped up and stripped Natalie and told her to start fucking Stephanie. She lay down on Steph, who was grinning, and started to grind her pussy into hers. Joanne and Melissa started kissing each other on the couch while Katherine, Belinda and Jennifer rubbed Natalie and Stephanie all over. Soon Melissa was on her knees in front of Joanne sucking her off, while the other girls had laid Natalie and Stephanie on their backs. Belinda sucked Natalies breasts while Jennifer ate her pussy. Katherine straddled Stephanie and moved so they could 69 each other. The girls all moaned and sighed and by the time they had all come the room smelled of feminine sex. They sucked and fucked each other all night and they all slept in a sticky lesbian heap on the floor.

Natalie left the next morning and Stephanies first love was gone, at least for the next two years.

Stephanie moved in with Melissa Joanne and Jennifer and enjoyed the next two years. They all formed a four-way relationship with no jealousies, something that would never happen in hetero relationships. Soon she graduated, with high distinctions, like her four lovers, and she moved into a small apartment in the city. As soon as she was out she got a job as an executive officer with the same company that Natalie was now Vice President of. She dated a lot of girls and loved picking up strangers in gay clubs. Every few months she would reunite with her college friends for unforgettable evenings of lesbian lovemaking. She began to go steady with Natalie and they moved in together. She stopped seeing other women and was faithful for three years.

One day after a tough day at work, Stephanie came hoping for a warm bath and some gentle love making, what she found was Natalie lying on the floor with a red-haired girl straddling her face and a blonde girl sucking her pussy. They were all sighing with pleasure, but Stephanie felt hurt and cheated. When Natalie noticed her she craned her head around and mumbled "Your sister, oh , ahhh, called mmn" her face shiny with the other girls juice. Then she started sucking her again. Stephanie ran upstairs and cried herself to sleep to the sounds of the fucking going on down stairs. In the morning she went down and found the three girls asleep on the floor. She wished she could join them, but when she looked at Natalie her heart ached. She knew she was in love with Natalie but she also knew she would never be all hers, and she didn't want to share. After calling her sister Stephanie had no choice but to leave, her parents died in an accident, and Sally needed her back to help run the farm.

After moving all her things back home, Stephanie quit her job and went to live in the country. The funeral was tough but the pain of losing her parents passed soon, as did the pain of losing her girlfriend. After six months or so Stephanie still couldn't settle into the country environment. Where she lived was a very small town where everyone knew each other. There were no girls for her to meet. She ended up becoming very reclusive after she finished her chores. She would hideaway in her room fantasizing about a princess charming that would show up and fulfill her natural lesbian desires. She missed the soft touch of another woman, the smell of their perfume mixing with the scent of their sex. She missed having a girls long hair tickle her thighs while she was being licked. The only turn on for her was getting some girly magazines and bringing herself off while she looked at the pictures. She got pretty depressed. Her sister noticed and one Friday night said that they were going to see if they could get lucky at the local pub. She didn't want to tell Sally she was gay so she decided to play along. Seeing as how she wasn't going home with anyone she decided she'd dress sexy for her own pleasure. She wore a tight lycra dress that went mid-way down her thighs, with no underwear.

At the pub Stephanie sat at the bar by herself drinking cocktails and turning down advance after advance from the local males. After a couple of hours she was ready to go, when two gorgeous ladies walked in. They didn't look familiar to Stephanie so she decided to ask them where they were from. She felt as though she had nothing to lose anyway so she walked directly at them. "Hi, my names Stephanie and I live at the Fernwood Farm. Where are you girls from?"

"My names Kylie and this is Jasmine, we're visiting some friends for a week." The taller girl answered.

"Oh," said Stephanie, trying to hide the disappointment she felt, knowing that she only had a week with these two beautiful women, "so, what are you doing out tonight?"

"We're just really bored." Jasmine replied. She was very pretty thought Stephanie.

"I'm afraid you won't have much fun here, unless sucking down beer and passing-out is your idea of fun."

While this conversation was going on, Sally was watching from across the room. She noted that up until the time the two girls came in, Stephanie was moping around. Now she was smiling and being sociable.

Jasmine answered her, "Not really, actually we just wanted to take in the country, but the people were staying with are busy with their farm."

"I could show you around, I grew up here and know all the best spots."

"Even now?" Kylie queried.

"Especially now!" Stephanie turned to the bartender. "Give me two bottles of champagne to go, and three glasses." The supplies were handed over and Stephanie returned her attention to her friends. "Lets go."

Sally watched Stephanie leave with the two girls and immediately began to understand what was going on.

"It's not to far, just up the hill." Stephanie reassured them, her pussy growing wet as she imagined how she could seduce these beautiful ladies. They seemed totally comfortable with her, not worried about where she was taking them. Soon they reached a small cave that looked out over a darkened valley of trees and bushes. "My sister and I would come up here and have fires when we were young, help me gather some wood." Under a sky filled with stars the three girls went off to get some wood.

"It's so beautiful!" Jasmine said to kylie.

"You're the one who's beautiful." Stephanie was only a few metres away but out of sight.

"SH! She might hear." Jasmine said. Stephanie froze, she crouched down so as to go un-noticed, and she listened carefully.

"I don't care if she hears, you are gorgeous." Kylie grabbed Jasmine and wrestled her to the ground. They started kissing. "Besides, she's cute. How do you know she wouldn't join in." Stephanie's heart was pulsating, and her pussy was soaked. All she could do was smile.

The girls returned sometime later to meet Stephanie at the cave. They smelt wonderful as they handed her the wood, and she noticed that Kylies hand glistened in the moonlight. After the fire was going the girls sat and talked and drank the champagne. As Stephanie started to feel dizzy from the alcohol she asked the girls why they were here. She was fishing for an angle to use so she could get laid, but the girls didn't give her anything. Soon, being frustrated and a little drunk Stephanie decided that if she didn't do something soon they'd leave. She knew they were into women, so she thought what the hell. " You know what I hate about the country?" she asked no-one in particular, "the fact that there are no knew people to meet."

"Hey, what about us?" Kylie said.

"No I mean, well for sex."

"Oh. But there were heaps of guys at the pub, do you mean you've been with all of them?"

"No, none of them."

"What? But they can't all be married?"

"Actually, most of those guys are single."

"Well what's your problem then?"

"My problem is I'm a lesbian." It felt good saying out loud again. She could feel herself tingling, knowing that she was about to have sex for the first time in months.

"I can see your problem." Jasmine sympathized.

"So, should we help her?" Kylie asked.

"Absolutely!" Jasmine said.

They both moved over to Stephanie and sat either side of her. They placed their hands on her and rubbed her gently. Jasmine started kissing her mouth and Kylie stood up and got undressed. When she was naked she took over from Jasmine. She straddled Stephanie and ground her moist vagina into her crotch. She held her hand under Stephanies nose and said, "Know what that is?" Stephanie shook her head; "It's my girlfriends cum. Do you want it on you?"

"Oh yes, please, yes!" Kylie reached back and re-coated her hand with Jasmines girly juices, and then she rubbed it on Stephanies face. Stephanie stuck out her tongue and tasted her fingers, but Kylie pulled away. "Later sweetie, first we need to have a good look at you!" They stood her up and removed her sexy dress. When the found she had on lingerie on the y smiled. "Good girl, we like girls that are easy to undress don't we, Jazz?"

"We sure do." Jasmine said as she placed a hand on Stephanies thigh. "She is stunning isn't she honey?"

"Lie her down, spread her legs." Jasmine did so and Kylie laid herself down on top of Stephanie. She lined up her pussy so that as she thrust her hips they would both are stimulated.

"Watch me fuck this country bitch!" She said as she surged her vagina into Stephanie, who was in ecstasy, moaned loudly into Kylies ear. Jasmine sat to the side of them and spread her legs so she could finger herself and the girls could watch while they fucked.

It wasn't long before Stephanie felt herself start to climax. Kylie pushed against her harder and faster and as she started to shudder with a crippling orgasm Stephanie screamed out, "IT FEELS SOOOO GOOD!" When she stopped shaking Kylie slid down her and replaced her pussy with her tongue. Stephanie turned her head and looked at Jasmine rubbing her pussy. It turned her on and she was still ticklish from the first orgasm. When Kylie first licked her she giggled and squirmed but Kylie held her waist down. She started licking Stephanies girl-cum off her, then once it was all gone, began to suck her clit. Stephanie was still looking at Jasmine while her pussy was being eaten.

"I love watching my girlfriend suck another woman, it gets me so hot." Jasmine told Stephanie as she rubbed herself faster. Stephanies face started to crinkle as she felt another hot orgasm build inside her. Jasmine was crying and moaning as she fucked herself, and she started coming. Stephanie watched her closely, trying to hold her climax in, but Jasmine looked so sexy when she came that it sent Stephanie over the edge. "OH GOD! I'M COMING AGAIN BABY! OH, OH OOOHHHH!" She came on Kylies face.
