 May 5

Dear Diary,

There's this woman at work. She does things to me. I don't know where she works, but sometimes she comes down to our department and hangs out with one of the graphic designers. About a month ago, I was going out to lunch, and we were both waiting for the elevator together. We smiled at each other – like you do when you know someone works for the same company but you don't know them personally. And she looked me in the eyes, a piercing, green-eyed stare, and said, "I really like your glasses." I think I stammered my thankyou and actually blushed. Then the descending elevator arrived and I think I pretty much ran into it and kept my eyes down.

The thing is, I don't think she was talking about the glasses, really.

Since then, I've seen her around about once a week. She smiles and says hello as we pass in the corridor, and I swear she walks past my desk on purpose to get to my colleague who's on the other side of the partition, which she never did before. And I'm sure she's just being friendly. So why do I feel strange?

How do I feel strange? Well, I feel a little 'hot under the collar', I suppose. Or nervous – like before a big job interview. And I don't know why.

**********

May 7

Dear Diary,

Who am I kidding? Of course I know why. I feel like she's coming on to me. I don't know why. You don't think she could be, do you? I'm sure she's just being friendly. I mean, it's not as if she's cornered me against the copy machine or anything, is it? OMG! I just actually saw that in my head, and I feel strange again. What is it with these feelings?

I don't know where they could be coming from. I mean, I don't like other women. Do I? I went to an all-girls' school, for chrissake. If I had feelings for other women, surely I would have found that out in the 7 years I spent there! But I didn't even have a crush on another girl, and that's supposed to be a normal part of growing up. No, I'm pretty sure I'm as straight as a die. No, Linda doesn't count. That was just pubescent body discovery; the "I'll show you mine if you show me yours" thing, taken a step further. Yes, we touched each other's clitoris with our fingers, oh, and tongues, but we were 12 for pete's sake! And we're still friends now. And I didn't even remember it until she drunkenly brought it up at Karen's wedding a few years back. So what if she said it was some of the nicest sex she'd ever had. Doesn't say much for HER love life, does it?

**********

May 13

Dear Diary,

I was having lunch in the food court today, by myself, with a book. She came and said hello and asked if she could sit with me. She wasn't pushy. She said that if I wanted to read my book, she wouldn't bother me. Well, I couldn't really say no, could I? I mean, it would have been really rude.

She's actually very nice. She's Australian. She's got the most wonderful naturally-curly brown hair. It looked really soft to the touch. Those piercing green eyes were staring at me again. It was quite difficult to take in what she was saying. I don't even know what we talked about, to be honest. I don't think I said very much, which is not at all like me. She said we should do it again some time and I heard myself agreeing. Well, she IS nice, and very pleasant to talk to. I think.

The tables in the food court are a bit small for two. Her knees kept touching mine under the table, and when she bent to get her bag, she touched my ankle. She apologised, of course.

**********

May 19

Dear Diary,

Some of us went out for drinks at that trendy hotel bar after work. It's the first time I've been to one of these after-work things. But J. said he didn't mind picking the kids up from school and getting dinner, so I thought, "why not?"

I was sitting on a bar stool talking to the graphic designers and other copywriters and she came over. Well, she is good friends with C. She kissed me on both cheeks like we'd known each other for ages, and leaned up against the bar next to me, propping her elbows on it. She kept leaning into me when she laughed. I thought I was going to fall off the bar stool if she did it any harder. Then she went round the other side of me as she'd got in a two-way conversation with T. And she put her hand on my thigh and leaned over me to get her drink from where she'd been before. She apologised, but her tits were practically in my face!

The thing is, and I probably shouldn't be saying this – hell, feeling it! – but it was quite nice. I don't know what the guys thought. I'm sure C. was grinning.

They're going out again in a couple of weeks. I'm not sure I'll go with them.

**********

June 2

Dear Diary,

I went out for after-work drinks again this evening, and OMG! OMG! OMG! And OMG!

Maybe I should start at the beginning. We had a couple of drinks and then C. wanted to play pool and challenged Miss Australia to a game. We all wandered over to the pool tables and sat down nearby. C. broke, sank a few, and then it was Miss A's turn. She can certainly handle a cue. On her second ball, she had to squeeze between me and the table. I tried to give her some room, but she said she wasn't that fat, and leaned over the table. I could see right up her short skirt and she was wiggling her bottom at me! I had to take a long sip of my Long Island Iced Tea.

On her second tour of the table, she was at the other end, leaning over again with her boobs almost falling out of her top. It was quite disconcerting. She looked me straight in the eyes and winked!

Afterwards, we decided to move over to the lounge area, but I really needed to pee. I strolled over to the Ladies' and before I knew it, Miss A had bounded up beside me and grabbed my hand. I wasn't sure what to do. '"Why is it girls always go to the loo together?" she laughed. I laughed too, somewhat relieved. I think.

Of course, when we got in there, it was full. We waited a little while and I told her I had been impressed with her pool-playing. She rubbed my upper arm and told me it was sweet of me to say so. Then one of the cubicles became free. I offered to let her go first, but she grabbed me by the hand and pulled me in with her, laughing that we were all girls together.

It was a tight fit in there. I really needed to go, so she let me go first. But she was in front of me so we had to squeeze round each other. It was a bit difficult because we both have rather large breasts, and they were pressed quite closely together as her bum was pushed forward by the toilet-paper holder. I felt my nipples get hard when they touched, and I was feeling quite flustered.

I lifted my skirt up, pulled my panties down and sat on the loo. As I did so, she started to raise her skirt and inch her knickers (if you can call them that) over her hips. She's about 5' 11", and her muff was unnervingly close to my face. I was fascinated though, because it was completely shaved (!) and very pale compared to my own. You know, really pink, and her inner lips poked through the outer ones. I was beginning to feel quite warm and trying to hurry up peeing, but you know how it is when you've had a bit to drink and you've been holding on for a while. It always seems to take ages.

I finally finished and wiped myself. That took a long time too. I was a bit surprised. There seemed to be an awful lot of excess fluids down there. She was dancing around, with her mouth pressed together and her knees kept crossing and uncrossing, so I supposed she was also dying to go. I stood up and we pressed together again as we swapped places. My skirt was still up around my waist and my knickers round my calves. I started to bend down to pull them up, but bumped my ass on the door and sort of fell forward towards her. She put her hands up to stop me falling and her hands enveloped my boobs. "Oh, I'm terribly sorry," she said grinning, and I stammered that it was my fault.

"Here," she offered, "let me help you." Her arms came out but, instead of pulling up my panties, she grabbed me behind the thighs and pulled me towards her, and all of a sudden, she was nuzzling my pussy! My hands were on either wall of the cubicle and I was staring at the tiling behind the toilet. I don't know what I was thinking, really. And then she started to lick me! 

OMG! OMG! She could teach my husband a thing or two! She licked the outer lips first and sucked them and ran her tongue down the inside fold of each. I was still staring at the back-wall tiling and starting to feel quite thirsty. At least I think so. My mouth was quite dry and I kept swallowing. She was going round and round the outside, and I was starting to feel quite weak at the knees, not to mention very wet.

Then she started to lick around my clit and the outside of my inner lips and I had to push harder against the cubicle walls to keep myself upright. I wasn't staring at the tiling anymore. My eyes were closed, and I think my head was hanging. I was having difficulty breathing too.

And then I felt her tongue slip inside my inner lips and slowly run its way up to my clitoris. When she touched it there against my button, I really thought I was going to collapse on top of her. I was biting my bottom lip so hard, I was sure I was going to draw blood. She began running her tongue up and down between my inner lips and circling round my clit, and flicking it from side to side every now and then. I could hear myself breathing harder, and I could also hear people chatting on the other side of the door, the running of water, the noise of the hand-dryer and the flush in the next cubicle. I remember being vaguely worried that someone would know, but my body was tingling all over and it was all a bit of a blur.

My stomach muscles were contracting so much that my skirt fell on top of her head. I opened my eyes as I felt the movement and saw her calmly use one hand to push it back up again, and then pull my undies down to my ankles, lift my knee and extract my foot. She pulled me closer and lifted my leg over her shoulder, bending down further and turning her head slightly to get further under me. And then she slid her tongue just inside me, began rubbing at the spongy bit, and I was taking in lots of sharp breaths and staring at the tiling again and blinking hard. I could feel my insides contracting in and out and then I couldn't stop myself from gasping out loud as I came, pushing hard on the cubicle walls to keep from falling over.

I was panting and still blinking hard, and cum was sliding down my thigh, and she was still licking me and flicking me and sucking me and pushing her nose into me, and my hands just sort of reached up and gripped the tops of the cubicle walls just in time for me to arch my back with my second body-shuddering orgasm. I'm sure I must have moaned loudly, but I don't really remember.

The one knee I was standing on completely gave way, and it was only the fact that I was holding on to the cubicle walls that stopped me from tumbling on top of her. Her hands lifted my thighs and she gave a few last licks before gently taking my leg down and putting my foot back through my panties. She tore off some toilet paper and wiped my thighs and pussy before pulling my knickers up completely. Then she patted my mound, pulled down my skirt and put her hands on my hips to push me back far enough so she could stand up. I was staring at the tiling again, and probably my mouth was hanging open, when her head appeared in front of my eyes. I heard her tear off some more paper and she wiped her chin, nose and cheeks, threw the paper in the bowl, then took my face in her hands and kissed me. Her tongue rolled around mine and I tasted myself, mixed in with her own saliva. It tasted wonderful as she kissed me slowly and tenderly.

I was still gripping the cubicle walls and she pried my fingers off and turned me around so I could sit on the loo to recover. She squatted down in front of me and caressed my face. "That wasn't so bad now, was it?" she said, smiling. I shook my head because I couldn't talk. I leaned forward and kissed her on the lips. She smiled again and we kissed some more until I had regained sufficient feeling in my legs to be able to stand. "Actually, love, " she said as I stood, " I really do need the loo now," and we danced around again so she could go.

Needless to say, we got a few odd looks as we came out of the cubicle. I was blushing hard but she threw her head back and laughed, grabbing me round the shoulders and squeezing me to her.

Miss A led the way back to the lounge and moaned out loud to the guys that she hated places where there weren't enough toilets for the number of patrons and you always had to wait so long. Only C. acknowledged the comment, smiling at me. I smiled half-heartedly back but I could feel my cheeks reddening and I was glad it was quite dark in there. I didn't stay long after that, just finished my drink and hastily said goodbye to them all, mumbling some excuse about having to get back to the husband and kids. Miss A stood up and kissed me on both cheeks, whispering into my ear: "Thankyou. That was yummy. We must do it again some time."

But I can't. Can I?