 Dear Diary. I want to share with you the story of my first kiss. That is, the first time I was kissed by a woman. 

I was nervous about the party in the first place. I mean, after all, he said that these people were “VERY friendly” making it very clear that these people would grope me, and fondle me. Women and men.  He called them swingers. I had never really been in such a situation in public before. Never really been in such a situation at all. I had no idea what to expect, and he was no help, only smiling and nodding, telling me that I would be just fine. I was nervous, but also excited, getting wet by the prospect of what could happen. 

I walked into the bar, and was immediately shy. I have always been a bit nervous around groups of people I don’t know, though my natural personality is to be open and uninhibited, when I get around a group of people I freeze, waiting for some unnamed horror to happen.

Well it never did. I was introduced to a few people and started talking. At first it was no different than being among any other group of people I didn’t really know. I was beginning to wonder why the fuss. 

Then, one of the women pulled up her top and showed her beautiful breasts. I was stunned, and my face turned a slight shade of pink. I remember someone noticing that I was slightly blushing, and then I heard someone behind me (or was it me?) say “Hey, I didn’t get to see!!” so she turned around and flashed me. I tried to be polite, my first instinct was to turn away, to try to protect her from something, though I’m not sure what. But I was drawn to her, in a way much more powerful that I could have imagined. Finally I just gave in to my desires and really looked at her.

She was beautiful, long dark blond hair. Sexy, laughing eyes, and a carefree, easy smile that made you want to climb in. She had beautiful tits, with large, full, expressive nipples. Her body was real, it was sexy, SHE was sexy. She smiled at me, and with a wink, turned back to the bar, back to her drink.

I was left, standing, staring at her back, wondering about this woman who was so comfortable with herself. There’s something very sexy about a woman who is so comfortable with her own sexuality. Perhaps that’s why they are chased by so many single men and woman lol.

Anyways, before I knew it, everyone was doing it. Men were walking around with these Mardi-Gra beads, and when a woman would show their boobs, they would get a string of beads. I collected a string of my own from a man who shyly pulled up my top and smiled when he saw my 36 C tits.

Then it happened. I was standing somewhere near the bar, talking and laughing with someone. All of a sudden she was there again, her long hair in my hands, feeling like silk. She pulled up her top and I pulled up mine and we rubbed our nipples together, dancing. Then she stopped dancing, and all in one movement, tilted her face up to mine, closing her eyes. I didn’t think about what was about to happen. I reacted. I looked down at her lips, and felt her hand on the back of my head, grabbing my hair softly and pulling my face to hers. I wondered briefly if women’s lips would feel differently on mine than a man’s would. 

I was right. It did. She was soft, and inviting. Now I know the true meaning of those words. The feel of her lips on mine, her tongue intertwined with mine, almost stopped my heart. I was fascinated by the knowledge that I was actually kissing a woman, and it was nice. I knew it was taboo, and maybe that’s part of why I enjoyed it so much. I grabbed her hair, and deepened the kiss, demanding more. I could have kissed her all night. When she broke the kiss, she looked at me, a knowing look. She smiled and I reached for her again. I was vaguely aware of the fact that the entire room stood still. No sound, no movement. All eyes were on us, me being a total stranger and her being… well… her.  The room soon disappeared, leaving me alone with this wonderful, sensual creature. Passion became a physical entity, weaving caresses between the two of us as easily as if we belonged together. 

My skin tingled, my heart raced. I was sweating, my pussy ached with wetness. I had one of those silent orgasms. The kind that sneaks up on you silently, and gently rocks your body. The kind that always leave me wanting more. 

When we finally parted, there was no sound. My head was spinning, and it took me a while to realize that I was no longer kissing her. When I opened my eyes, all I could see was her. Her eyes, her smile, her lips. I looked around and everyone was staring at me, I realized that I was wearing every single emotion on my face. I realized that these strangers just shared an extremely intimate moment with me, and that I was a different person for it. I realized that these people, these strangers suddenly wanted to know me more, when all I wanted to do was curl up with this woman and explore each other.

We shared one more smile and then she was gone, back to her husband, back to the bar. But from time to time, she would look at me and we would share that special smile, and those feelings would come up all over again.

It was one of the single most powerful experiences I have ever had. I will never forget what it felt like to kiss her for the first time.