 "You have pretty feet." 

I looked up to see who was speaking. It was Deena, a freshman who lived on my floor. She had long black hair and beautiful olive-brown skin and dark exotic features that made her look as if she was from somewhere far away...Indian maybe, or Polynesian. Later, when we were friends, she told me that she was from New Jersey. Her mother was Jewish and her father was Cuban. The mix worked; she was a gorgeous girl, maybe 5'3", with a great little body and an infectious smile. I spent the first semester of that year avoiding her. I was her R.A., her Resident Assistant, after all, and I didn't want to get in trouble. But the breathtaking sight of her roaming the hallways in nothing more than a t-shirt and shorts, with her hair down and that mischievous smile, had provided me with a distraction that I couldn't deny. I wanted her.

It was the end of February, on an unusually warm day, and I was studying in the common room of our floor, a place I usually avoided, but I was feeling lonely. Since the last spring, when I'd broken up with Kate, my first real girlfriend, I hadn't been with anyone, except for the few times I had sex with this beautiful blonde girl in my theater class. But she had a Eurotrash boyfriend, and she wanted to have a threesome with him. She was a sex maniac; one of those teenage girl models all grown up who wants to tell you about all the girls she fucked while she was posing for catalogs in Japan. I didn't believe half the things she told me, but she was an expert at eating pussy, and I missed sleeping with her, especially when she broke out the strap-on...but anyway...

I was in the common room my bare feet leaning on a chair in front of me Deena sat down. I didn't notice her at first. I was trying to finish "All the Kings Men" for my Southern Literature class that night and I was barely making a dent. She sat down on the sofa opposite me and opened a notebook. I noticed her feet as well. Sandals. A pedicure. Creamy nail polish. Her bare legs, looked freshly shaved. I looked up at her and smiled. She smiled back. "Thank you," I said. "You have cute feet too."

She smiled again, and that, I thought, was that.

When I look back on our first few meetings, I guess I should have realized that she was just as attracted to me as I to her. Attracting women (and men), was never a problem for me. I'm about 5'7", 120 lbs, with short brown hair and green eyes. My boyfriends in high school always told me I was beautiful. Sometimes I wish I was less WASP-ish looking, but I guess it works for me. I began college in the theater department, but now I wasn't so sure it was the right thing for me. I dated only boys at the beginning, but I was always meeting women, mostly in my theater classes who were willing to experiment. As my Junior year began, I met Kate, a stunning graduate student from England. We spent about ten months together, before she homesickness became too much for her. It was obvious to our friends that I put more into the relationship than she did, but at the time I didn't care. I was in love. And the sex was fantastic. 

After we broke up I decided to move back into the dorms and become an R.A. The money was right (free room and board) and being away from the student ghetto made it easier to forget Kate. I didn't have to walk past all of our old haunts anymore. But it seemed a little wrong for me to be lusting after a girl on my floor, even though she was a consenting adult, and I wasn't her instructor. I was a senior and she was a freshman. But she seemed more mature than most freshman girls, and as I got to know her I learned that her father was a history professor at Princeton and her mother was a photographer. She'd traveled a lot growing up, and she had a couple of siblings that were much older than her. 

So there I was, sitting across from her in the common room and we were admiring each other's feet. Mine were unpedicured (and unpolished), but I took care of them, and I guess they were better than most. 

After that we were silent for awhile. I raced through a particularly boring chapter and then another, and then I watched her scribble in a notebook for a few minutes. I guess I was staring. Finally, she looked up.

"I was going to go to the cafe," I said. "The one next to the music building. Would you like to join me?"

"Okay," she said.

We walked the long way, avoiding the steep hill just outside of our dorm, and passed through the main campus. Deena said "hi" to several people, including a couple of professors, as we approached the cafe. Obviously, I wasn't the only one who was taken with her

We sat down in the cafe and ordered drinks. It was clear, after only a few minutes of talking, that she wasn't nearly as innocent as I had been lead to believe, but still she was young, and not nearly as jaded as most of the women I knew at school. She told me about the guys she'd met at school one of whom (the lucky bastard), she spent most of the previous semester with, although she dumped him after the Winter break.

"He was really into porn," she said. "He was always surfing the web for stuff."

"That's lame," I said. 

"All these guys I know do it," she said. "He wanted to do stuff with me that he saw in porno movies."

"Typical."

"And he was always asking me if I'd ever kissed a girl...he was obsessed with it. We went to this lame off-campus party once and these gross girls were making out on a couch in front of everybody. All the guys at the party were like, cheering them on. I watched him looking at me and then looking at them...it was such a turnoff. It was like he was leering, you know, like a dirty old man. That's when I decided to break up with him."

I told her about some of my relationships, but I was afraid to come right out and tell her that I was basically a lesbian. I wanted her, but I didn't want to put it out there, at least not yet. Her friendship was more important.

As the weeks passed we saw more of each other. We saw movies together and spent a lot of time in the common room. We went swimming together at the pool in the new athletic center that was right across the street from our dorm. She was good swimmer, and matched me lap for lap. Of course, my favorite part was when we'd dry off and sit at our lounge chairs and talk. We touched each other a lot; she didn't mind when I would grab one of her legs, or give her a playful punch. And she was flirty with me as well. Asking me about guys, telling me how pretty I was. After the pool, we'd sometime get a drink, before going our separate ways; she to the library, me to one of my night classes, until the night before the beginning of Spring Break. She'd told me that she was going to Florida with her family for the week. I was staying on campus to finish a paper. I was feeling nervous about our friendship. I felt like a week apart might change things. I wanted to say something to her, but I couldn't figure out how I was going to do it and what I might say.

It was a particularly cold night. We were both bundled up in coats and hats. My hands were bare, hers were in stylish leather gloves that her mother bought her on a trip to Italy. We were freezing and as we walked up the steep hill (to save time) she shivered and I put my arm around her and squeezed tight. Then she put her arm around me and I walked up the hill suddenly feeling very warm. When we got to the top of the hill we separated and she took one of my hands into hers and looked into my eyes. I made a joke about how chapped my hands were from the cold and she frowned and rubbed both of them with her gloved hands to warm them up.

"That feels good," I said.

"I'm glad," she said. "You looked really cold"

We began walking and she seemed distracted. I stopped. "Deena," I said.

"What?" she asked.

I looked at her and suddenly felt very scared. "Nothing," I said. "It's stupid..it's just that I'm going to miss you." 

"I'm going to miss you too."

We began walking again and she looked at me and smiled.

"What?" I asked.

"Nothing."

"Oh...now you're saying nothing."

She laughed. "I was just curious."

"About what?"

"You never asked me if I'd kissed a girl."

"Well, I wanted to ask you"

My heart began to pound. Was she asking what I thought she was asking?

"Have you?" she asked.

"Yes," I said. 

"That girl?"

"What girl?"

"That blonde girl. The really beautiful one. The one I saw you hanging out with last semester."

"Anya?"

"Is that her name?"

"Yes."

We walked in silence for a few seconds.

"Did you...?"

"What?"

She blushed. "You know..."

"Yes." 

"Oh..." 

"But it's over now."

"Okay."

I took her hand in mine and I purposely lead her to the path behind the library. We stopped and looked at each other and then I took her into my arms. She buried her face into my shoulder and I could feel her shaking a little. I kissed her head and she looked up. She seemed dazed. I kissed her on the lips. She kissed me back, and then we began making out. Then we sat on a bench on the path and held each other. "You didn't ask me if I'd kissed a girl," she said.

"Have you?" I asked.

"Yes."

We laughed and then kissed again. 

"You're a good kisser," she said.

"So are you," I said.

She smiled and then seemed sad.

"I'm leaving tomorrow," she said.

"I know."

"When I come back?"

"I'll be here."

"Okay."

We made out a little more and then she went to the library and I went to my class. I could hardly concentrate. When I came back to the dorm I wondered if she was waiting for me. She wasn't. I went right to sleep and woke up early. I dressed and went over to her room and knocked on her door. She answered. She was packing and seemed a little freaked out when she saw it was me.

"Hi," she said.

"Hi," I said.

"I just wanted to say good-bye."

"Okay."

"Is everything all right?."

She smiled, shyly. "Yeah," she said. "I'm just packing."

I looked past her and saw that her roommate was there, in bed, with the covers over her.

"Sorry," I whispered.

"That's okay," she said. "She sleeps through everything."

"So I'll see you when you get back."

"Okay."

"Okay, bye."

"Bye."

I wanted to kiss her good-bye, but I didn't want to mess things up. I left her at the door and waved. She smiled and waved back and I returned to my room.

By the middle of the week, I began to doubt that what had happened between us would happen again. I was feeling sad and alone, having spent every day in the near-empty library. But on Thursday, after having dinner in the dining hall, I went back to my room and found an email from her. She said that she was bored and thinking about coming back early, maybe Saturday. Would I be around? My heart raced as I composed a response. I said that I would be waiting for her. 

Finally, Saturday came and I waited and waited for her to return to the dorm. I walked by her door several times during the day and after dinner. Late that night, just when I was beginning to give up hope, and I was reading something trashy just to keep myself distracted, my cell phone rang. I ran over to my desk and picked it up. 

"Hi," she said.

"Hi," I said.

A few seconds passed.

"I'm back," she said.

"I was beginning to worry that you weren't going to make it."

"I've been back for a few hours, just hiding in my room. I guess I'm a little..."

"Scared?"

"A little.."

"Don't be."

"Okay."

"Come over."

"Now?"

"Yes..."

She fell silent for a few more seconds. "Okay," she said.

I hung up the phone and laid down on the bed and caught my breath. I could feel myself getting wet .

In a few seconds she was at the door. She opened it and closed the door behind her. She looked radiant. She leaned against the door for a second. I sat up on the bed and she walked toward me. I stood up and I could feel my body flush as I took her in. She was barefoot, and wearing a skimpy light blue t-shirt and striped boxer shorts. She pulled the band out of her pony-tail and her black hair fell down to her shoulders. I could see her belly peek out of her t-shirt as she came closer. The light from my desk lamp made her tanned skin glow. She came closer, putting her arms around my neck. I put my right hand on the small of her back and slid it down to her ass. She moaned and leaned into me. I leaned into her and our lips came together and she opened her mouth and our tongues met.

"What do you want to do?" I asked.

"Everything."

We laid down on the bed and I got on top of her, pinning her down and locking my fingers with hers. We kissed again, more passionately this time and I could feel her body become more excited. I grinded my pussy into hers and kissed her neck. She put her hands under my shirt and caressed my back.

"So nice," she whispered.

"Pull it off," I said.

She took my shirt off and I took off hers. Then she helped me take my pants off. We spent the next few seconds looking at each other. The excitement of the moment made us fall down on the bed again and we mashed our lips together even more violently. I took my hand and rubbed her warm pussy through her shorts. Then I moved down, taking her right breast into my mouth, swirling her nipple with my tongue. She put her hand on my mound, rubbing it gently. "Careful," I whispered. "You're going to make me come."

"I want to," she whispered.

I took her left breast into my mouth and sucked it. Her hand began to tremble as she rubbed me. "Feels so good," she said.

I kissed her again and then ran my tongue down her belly, stopping at her shorts. I moved down and kissed her pussy through them and then began to pull them down. She was breathing hard and I looked up and her brown eyes widened.

"You okay?" I asked.

She couldn't speak. She nodded and then breathed in as I pulled her shorts off and got my first look at her beautiful, trimmed pussy. She was naked in my bed. 

I kissed the inside of her thighs, going from one to the other as I came closer to her pussy. "It's beautiful," I whispered.

"Bikini wax," she replied. I looked up and we smiled at each other and then I went down on her, taking her wet pussy lips into my mouth and licking the folds around her clit. She breathed in again and I put my hands under her ass and began to lick her slowly. She moaned and bucked from under me, her legs wrapping around me as her breathing became more labored. She caressed my head with her hands, softly pulling my hair.

"I'm going to come," she whispered.

I licked faster and her hips bucked and she erupted into a violent orgasm. She writhed under me, moaning with pleasure. When it was over, she took me into her arms and we kissed again.

"Oh...my...God," she whispered.

"Feel good?" I asked.

"You don't even know."

We kissed again and then she pulled down my soaked panties and we writhed around on the bed, feeling each other's bodies pressed against our own. She felt hot and wet in my arms. We lay down on the bed facing each other, kissing and caressing. Her skin was so soft and moist. "I want to lick every inch of you," I said.

I licked the salty sweat off of her shoulders and I kissed her again, nibbling her neck and tonguing her ear. Then she began to rub my pussy, massaging my clit between two fingers. "That feels good," I said.

"I want to make you feel good," she whispered and then she put two fingers inside of my drenched pussy and I lay back and moaned. Her hair fell against my body as she went down and licked my clit for the for the first time. "That feels really good," I said.

"Okay," she said.

She looked up and I pushed back her hair. 

"I want to see you," I said. She smiled and began fucking me harder while taking my clit in her mouth and lightly sucking on it and flicking it with her tongue. 

"Ohhhh, that's good...just like that," I said, and a wave of pleasure came over me. I arched back and I exploded under her. When it was over, she came into my arms and we kissed. I wrapped my legs around her tight little body and squeezed. "You're mine now," I said.

"And you're mine," she said.

We rested and she told me about her vacation. How distracted she was the whole time, and how she kept stealing away to her room to masturbate, thinking of me, and what might happen when she returned. Then we drifted off to sleep. When we awoke it was the middle of the night. We began kissing. "I have an idea," I said.

I gave her my extra robe and we ran to the showers. We could barely make it to the stalls. She put her arms around me and I grabbed her ass, putting my finger down her crack and into her pussy. "Ooooh," she said. "I love that." She put her hands on my ass and pulled me toward her. "We're going to kill each other," she whispered.

I turned on the shower and we continued to make out under the water. Then she began to soap us up and we rubbed against each other. I put my fingers further up her pussy and fucked her with them. Her eyes opened wide. 

She leaned against the wall of the shower and fucked my fingers. She put her hand against my breast and squeezed. Her eyes rolled back and she shuddered. I could feel her body convulse as she held on to me. I took my fingers out of her pussy and licked them. "You taste good," I said. Deena caught her breath.

"Let me taste," she said. She grabbed my hand and pulled my fingers toward her mouth and sucked them. 

"Mmmm......" she said. I took my hand back and put two fingers in my pussy and then put them in her mouth. "You want that?" I whispered.

"Yes," she said. She sucked my fingers clean and then kissed me.

We dried each other off and ran back to the room. We had sex all night, drifting off to sleep and waking up and doing it all over again. We even kissed each other's feet.