 Having been best friends since the eighth grade, Tara and Destiny are inseparable. Over the past few months they have been attached at the hip, as is often the case when it comes to cheerleading season. Tara is tall and thin, athletic, and very pretty, just turned 18 in November. She has a rounded face with a button nose and bright, blonde, curly hair. She's about 5'6" with small but firm 32 B breasts, but her greatest asset is her firm, very round butt that has guys drooling every time she walks by. Destiny is shorter and a little curvier, about 5'3" with 34 C breasts and she too has a nice round ass, but hers is not quite as noticeable, she turned 18 in September, both were held back by their parents, another thing they shared in common.

Neither of them has spent much time focusing on boys, though both have had their share of boyfriends and have even went the distance on occasion. They spend most of their time playing sports, studying and hanging out with each other. 

Now it was Christmas break and over these breaks you could barely see one without the other. In these times they had taken to talking about boys, about how they dreamed of having a worthwhile boyfriend who actually cared about more then getting in their pants, how they wished they could meet a boy they could be with like they were with each other. Someone they could talk to and share their secrets with, sadly though most of the boys in the class were sorely lacking in this respect. Nevertheless that didn't stop them from talking about sex and especially sex with boys. They had both experienced it one time, neither boy was particularly good at it, but they imagined what it would be like with someone who was. They talked about how they had dreams of what good sex would be like, what they wanted done to them, how they would react when they finally felt that first orgasm. 

Finally, they admitted to each other that they that they were horny and that they had been masturbating at night on a regular basis. They both laughed and blushed, but they weren't ashamed, they talked like this all the time. Still, there was something different that night, after a long silence that seemed like 4 hours, Tara broke the silence with a strange, yet exciting, proposal. "What if we practice kissing each other, then we won't seem as bad to the boys when we kiss them," she blushed but she didn't really think anything about it. She had kissed her girl cousin a couple of times, her cousin was older and had offered to teach her how to kiss, so they did. Tara always enjoyed it, but she just passed it off as being excited about kissing a boy. Tonight though, she was more excited than she had ever been when she was on a date with a boy, though she couldn't figure out why. Tara was beginning to become embarrassed when Destiny finally answered with an unsure, but enthusiastic "sure, I could use the practice."

Though they had been friends and as close as sisters for years, these brief moments seemed as though they were two strangers meeting for the first time. Destiny turned and looked deep into Tara's eyes and leaned in close to her, Tara likewise leaned in to Destiny and the two touched lips for the first time, an exquisite first touch, the two seemed locked together, like time had frozen in that moment. Slowly they began to go a little further with the kiss, each parting their lips, but neither daring to explore the other's mouth with her tongue. Destiny made the first move from here, reaching up slowly to gently caress Tara's cheek and pull her in tighter. Tara returned the touch by inserting her tongue into Destiny's mouth, while surprised at first, Destiny returned the invitation and the two continued for what seemed like hours, yet passed in a single instant.

When the two finally parted lips, they both sat dumbfounded at what had transpired. What frightened each of them most was how much they had enjoyed the encounter, though neither of them was ready to admit it. A little afraid to talk about the events of the evening, they both went to bed for the night, however sleep did not come easy to either of them, they were too excited to really sleep.

The next day went as any other normal day, as though nothing had really happened, both discussed the normal things, they went about doing what they normally would, finally Tara was getting ready to go home when they discussed their plans for Christmas. They were both going to family over the immediate holiday, but they agreed to spend the night at Tara's house on the 26th. They had also agreed on buying gag gifts for each other this year instead of trying to find something meaningful. It was better that way, made things easier and they didn't have to worry about whether their gift was special or not.

As the next couple of days went on, both of the girls found waiting on the 26th was like waiting for your 16th birthday, though neither of them wanted to truly admit the reasoning behind their anticipation. As the days dragged by, both went and picked up the gag gift they had in mind, both wondering how the gift would be received and both wondering what the reception would mean for their relationship.

After the holidays were over and it was Christmas night, Tara decided that she needed to do some things to get ready for Destiny's overnight stay. She picked out some music for them, grabbed a couple of candles and then found her mother's massage oil from her bedroom. They had given each other massages before, rubbed lotion on each other, but something had told Tara that the oil would be better tonight. As Tara made the final preparations, she looked over the wrapped package awaiting its recipient. Getting somewhat stimulated, Tara began to feel that oh so familiar warmth in between her legs. Unexplainably she was excited about the gift, and more importantly she was excited about the night to come. In an effort to clear her mind, she decided to take a shower and she went to the bathroom to do so. As she got in the shower, her mind wandered back to the kiss the two girls had shared just a few days before and she began to get really excited. She could feel her heart beginning to race and strangely enough she could feel herself becoming aroused. She decided that she could satisfy that arousal and she began to caress her tits and pinch her nipples; slowly she ran a hand down in between her legs and began to softly stroke her pussy lips. Quietly she let out a soft moan as she inserted one, then two fingers into her pussy, working them in and out slowly at first and then more rapidly as her orgasm began to build. She continued to rub her nipples as she pumped her fingers in and out, finally finding a rhythm that brought her to climax in a spectacular fashion, one unlike any she had felt from her hand before. As the orgasm overcame her, she could feel the juices come flowing out of her pussy and for the first time she knew that it was Destiny that had caused this orgasm. The rest of the night was like torture waiting to know whether or not Destiny would return the feeling.

Finally it was afternoon on the 26th and Destiny was on her way over. Tara's parents did not have the luxury of having the day after Christmas off and Tara knew they would have the house to their selves for most of the day. As Destiny walked in to the house, she immediately picked up on something different about Tara, she couldn't put her finger on it, so she just blew it off. Tara invited her into her room, put on some music and they sat on the bed and took off talking to each other like they had never left. Then, Tara inquired if Destiny was ready to exchange gifts, stating that she was curious to see whether Destiny liked hers or not. Destiny was also excited as she had dreamed about this moment since she picked it up. Both boxes bared an eerie resemblance to each other, but neither girl paid it much attention. The boxes were long and narrow and the contents inside rattled. Tara said that she wanted Destiny to open hers first, but Destiny suggested they open them together, so they did. The look on both girls face was priceless as each of them opened their present to find a brand new vibrator waiting for them on the inside. They both laughed and looked deeply into each other's eyes and finally Destiny broke the silence by saying, "well I guess we were both thinking about the same thing!" Tara laughed and agreed. 

"Have you ever used one of these?" asked Tara. "No, I've always used my fingers when I masturbated, but I have always wanted to try one," answered Destiny. "No time like the present, I suppose," responded Tara cautiously. Much to Tara's surprise Destiny didn't say a word; she just slipped off her tight jeans, with no panties underneath, and began to slide her fingers along her pussy. Tara was in shock at her friend's openness and sat motionless for a long time. Destiny, hoping that her move would prompt her friend to respond in kind, was soon lost to the outside world as she inserted her new vibrator deep into her pussy. Tara realized that this was the reaction she had hoped for from Destiny and finally she did respond as Destiny had hoped. Tara slid out of her windbreaker pants and her red thong panties, and she began much like Destiny had just minutes before, starting by rubbing her pussy lips, then working her clit, getting nice and wet before she slid the vibrator deep into her own pussy and began working it. The two girls laid back on the bed and watched each other bring themselves to climax, working harder as each of them cried out louder, moaning in the afternoon sunshine, each driven farther and harder by the moans of the other. 

They slid their bodies closer and Tara took the lead this time, kissing Destiny full on the lips, Destiny responded by bringing her tongue into Tara's mouth and fully accepting the kiss that was offered. Now it was Destiny's turn to take the lead and she slid the vibrator out of her own pussy and grabbed Tara's hand and did the same with her vibrator. Then Destiny took her soaking wet vibrator and shoved it deep into Tara's pussy, this move brought unbelievable delight and excitement to Tara as she cried out to Destiny, "oh shit, you're fucking me, keep fucking me, that feels so good!" Destiny replied to Tara simply and quietly, "if it feels so good, don't leave me out in the cold." Tara slid her own vibrator into Destiny's pussy and she screamed out her excitement. They spent the next few minutes in absolute bliss as they fucked each other with their own vibrators. Destiny was the first to reach a new level of orgasm, as her body went into wild spasms and her pussy soaked the covers on Tara's bed, screaming madly out loud. Her screams sent Tara into a similar display of uncontrollable satisfaction, likewise soaking her spot on the bed.

They lay there for a few minutes, completely shocked and satisfied at the same time. It was Tara who moved first, taking off her shirt and sliding herself on top of Destiny and kissing her again, this time on the neck, moving her hand under Destiny's shirt and bra and rubbing her tits, bringing her nipples to full erection. She continued to play with her tits and kissed Destiny again on the lips, this time with more passion, deeply kissing her and exploring the whole of her mouth with her tongue. Destiny then moved the feelings in a whole new direction, placing her hand down on top of Tara's soaking wet, swollen clit, and she began to work her hands in a manner that she would normally do to her own clit. She then slid two fingers inside Tara's pussy while Tara lifted up Destiny's shirt and bra to expose her tits. Tara shifted slightly to give her a better vantage point from which to explore Destiny's tits with her tongue, she did so and began to suck on Destiny's tits, which caused Destiny to move her hand much quicker in and out of Tara's pussy. Tara then returned her mouth's attention to Destiny's mouth, then moved her own hand over Destiny's pussy and began to move her hand in and out of Destiny's pussy in a similar manner as Destiny was currently working her own pussy. Then Tara did something unexpected, she slid her hand out of Destiny's pussy and began kissing her way down Destiny's stomach, stopping to suck on each of Destiny's tits, flicking her nipples with her tongue while she was sucking on her areola. She then began her journey down Destiny's body again until she came to her pussy. Taking a deep breath, she smelled the musk of Destiny's pussy, so close to her mouth and so wet, then she began to lick the folds of Destiny's pussy, causing Destiny to squirm beneath the feel of her best friend's tongue on her pussy. 

Then came absolute ecstasy as Tara started licking deep in Destiny's pussy, then moving her tongue to explore Destiny's asshole while inserting a finger into Destiny's pussy. Destiny frantically ripped off her shirt and bra so that she could fondle her own tits and twist her nipples fiercely between her fingers. Tara still working her tongue up and down Destiny's ass turned her body to where she and Destiny lay in 69 position and then she returned to her work, this time bringing her tongue back up into Destiny's pussy but inserting a finger into Destiny's asshole. Destiny felt as though she would explode with joy, but then took her cue and began to lick her friend's pussy with such delight that Tara began to orgasm almost immediately, but Destiny was not satisfied with her response and she too inserted a finger into Tara's asshole. This caused Tara's pussy to explode with juices, soaking Destiny's face as she lapped up every drop in an attempt to finish her friend's joy. Tara's orgasm did wonders for Destiny as it caused Tara to lick in a frenzied manner, bringing Destiny to climax almost simultaneously. Licking her friend until her pussy was empty of her own juices.

Once they were both beyond ecstasy, Tara slid back up beside Destiny and they embraced and found themselves back in a passionate kiss that allowed them both to taste their own pussy juices, mixed together. When they finally broke the kiss they took a shower together and spent the rest of the evening in bliss, making love two more times before Tara's parents returned home, and all night long. 

The rest of their time in high school, no one would suspect that they spent many weekend nights making love to one another multiple times.