 As I was getting dressed to go out I was feeling really horny. What with one thing and another that week I hadn't made myself cum at all. Unusual for me!

I slipped on my little top and my short, tight skirt. I was choosing my shoes (high heeled black or high heeled strappy) when it occurred to me that I could get even more horny if I went out without any underwear. The thought of being secretly naked in a public place sent shivers through my body, and down to my sex which was already starting to heat.

I slipped my bra and panties off, put on my shoes (I went for the strappy ones) and grabbed my bag and headed for the taxi which had now arrived.

"The Pink Palace please," I told the taxi driver.

"Isn't that a gay place, love?" he asked. "All blokes snogging and stuff?"

"Actually," I pointed out, "It's a girl's only place."

"Oh." He said, and then, realising what I meant, he said, "Phew! What a waste! A girl like you!!"

I didn't want to spoil his little fantasy by telling him I was straight, and that I just went there for the fun night out that it was, so I just laughed.

We were there, and I got out, paid, and told him that I'd kiss a blonde for him. He muttered something appreciative and drove off.

I entered the bar and was hit by the smell of cigarette smoke and alcohol. I aimed for the bar and ordered a drink. It was then I realised that there was a stripper busy doing her thing at the other side of the room. I got my drink and headed over to have a look.

She was quite petite, and had lovely small rounded breasts which jiggled lightly as she moved. She was completely naked already and had a lovely figure. I noticed she was blonde and laughed to myself. I was almost at the front when she noticed me. She started to look straight into my eyes as she danced, touching herself all over and gyrating gently to the music. My body was starting to heat with a combination of embarrassment ands arousal. When the music stopped I breathed a sigh of relief and headed back to the bar for a refill. 

I was watching the other women milling about when I felt a tap on my shoulder. It was the stripper.

"Hi, I'm Lisa," she said and kissed me on the cheek.

"I'm Holly," I replied.

"Can I buy you a drink?" she asked.

"Thanks, but I've just got one!"

"Never mind," she laughed, and stood closer to me to let someone get to the bar.

As our bodies brushed together I couldn't fail but notice the spark. I'd never expected anything like that from another woman, but there was no denying it. She glanced at me and we smiled at each other. I could see in her eyes what she was thinking, and I thought to myself, "Maybe I wasn't lying to the driver after all!"

We continued to look at each other, and the longer we looked the hotter I got, and the more aware of my naked sex I became.

After what seemed like forever Lisa leant forward and kissed me gently on the lips. I stood there stunned. I'd never done anything with a woman before, although I'd thought about it many times. She kissed me again, more firm this time, and I responded by parting my lips slightly to allow her tongue access. She explored my mouth with her tongue, and then I did the same. We moved in closer, our breasts pressed together, our hands working up and down each other's back.

Just as we were beginning to give in to it she pulled away. 

"I'm sorry," she whispered, "But I've got another gig to get to."

She kissed me again, and was gone. By now I was so turned on I thought I was going to have to go into the toilets and make myself cum. I could feel that my nipples were hard and excited, and my sex was plump and moist, needing to be satisfied.

I became aware of a woman standing very close to me. I turned and saw a tall, auburn-haired woman with an amazing figure, and perfect skin. I smiled, and she smiled back. 

She moved to stand in front of me, looking deep into my eyes in a way which made my whole body heat. I was glad it was dark so that no-one could see how flushed I was. She moved closer and started to kiss me, just as Lisa had done. I responded immediately this time and we were soon kissing passionately.

As we kissed I felt her hand slide up in between us to tease one of my hard nipples. I sighed into her mouth as she rolled it between her fingers. She slowly slid her hand down, over my belly and down to caress my inner thigh. My legs parted slightly to let her in. She slowly worked her hand up and up until she found my mound. We both gasped as she made contact with the naked flesh.

She slowly started to stroke the hair above my vee, and I moaned into her mouth. She gently moved her hand over my clit, barely touching it, and along until she was cupping my wet sex. She pressed her palm against my outer lips and began to rub very lightly. This was pure heavenly torture. I squirmed under her touch. She pressed harder, letting her middle finger drop into the space between my lips. As her hand moved back and forth her finger was also sliding back and forth between my lips, making my juices flow freely over her. As she started to rub faster and faster I moaned and sighed into her mouth. As I could feel an orgasm building up she took her hand away. I cried out suddenly in surprise, and had to turn it quickly into a cough. She grinned at me and walked away!

I couldn't believe how hot she'd made me. I started to make my way to the toilets. I couldn't wait until I got home – I would have to cum now. Unfortunately I bumped into someone who I saw quite often in there, and was forced to talk for some time, feeling really uncomfortable. I could feel my juices oozing down my leg, and my whole body ached with need.

Finally, I got away from her and continued towards the toilets. I noticed a woman beckoning me over.

"Shit!" I thought, "What now?!"

I walked over to her, and as I walked my lips rubbed together and I though I might cum just from walking! 

As I reached her she took me by the arm and turned so that I had my back to the wall, and she stood in front of me. She had brown hair, was about my height, with large, full breasts and a tiny waist. I didn't have long to look at her before she started

kissing me, just like the others had. 

By now I thought that any touch on my sex would make me cum. I was wrong!

She slid her hand between my thighs and stroked the hair there. It was so gentle I could hardly feel it. She slid her finger over my vee, just stroking the start of my clit. I started to breathe heavily as she slid her finger over my clit. She moved it on tiny circles all over – round the edge, at the tip, on the top. I thought I was going to burst, but her touch was so light that, although it was driving me crazy, it wasn't enough to give me the orgasm which I so needed. She continued to tease me until I thought I would collapse with the sensation of it. As suddenly as last time, she moved her hand away, smiled, and was gone.

This time I headed for the door. I needed to go home and cum over and over again. As I made my way though the crowd someone grabbed me and pulled me over to a quiet corner. Sitting there was Lisa, and the other two women.

The fourth woman, who had grabbed me, pushed me down onto Lisa's lap. She parted her legs so that mine were forced to part, and my sex was pulled open. The two women stood up and moved out of my view.

She leaned forward and started to kiss me again. One of the woman was now behind me and she started to caress my breasts, teasing the nipples back up to their full erectness. My hand, seemingly of its own free will, moved down between Lisa's legs. I gasped as I felt her naked sex, wet and ready. I slid a finger gently over her slit, feeling her juices flowing over my finger. I was rewarded with Lisa doing the same to me. My wet cunt gushed as she touched me softly. I moved my other hand down to flick her clit lightly. I gloried as I heard her sighs and moans. She moved her other hand and flicked my clit, moving in circles and strokes. I removed my hand from her slit but continued working her clit. I used my now spare hand to touch and tease her tits. Again, she mirrored my actions.

I was suddenly aware of movement underneath me. Lisa gasped and as I looked to see why I could see the fingers of the woman beneath us sliding in and out of Lisa's cunt, slowly filling her with another finger.

"Fuck!" I gasped, more shocked than pleading. Nevertheless I was in turn rewarded by the woman's tongue gently lapping, flicking and probing my cunt as the juices flowed into her mouth.

Me and Lisa were still working each other's clits and breasts. Our touches were becoming harder, more desperate.

I pressed harder on Lisa's clit, and she in turn pressed harder on mine, working back and forth, quicker and quicker. I too sped up. The woman beneath us sensed the urgency and used her tongue and fingers as quickly as she could. 

Finally, and together, me and Lisa both started to cum. Our groans and sighs mingled with each other, and as our fingers worked faster and harder still we both started to cry out with the release.

We were both vocal for some time, but when we did finally start to relax we looked at each other and smiled.

"Thank you!" I whispered.

"Likewise," she smiled.

We kissed again – a long, satisfied, gentle kiss.

Eventually, we parted and went our separate ways. 

In the taxi on the way home I thought to myself, "The driver would have been proud!" I laughed out loud.

"What's so funny?" asked the driver.

"Just something I remembered, that's all."

I got home and went straight to bed. I came over and over, remembering those women and how they touched me, and I hoped they did the same too.