 Dee's knowledge of Jack grows, but so does her dependence on drugs, as well as her appetite for exhibitionism. It helps to read Chapter 7. Please vote and send feedback! Thanks.

"Ah... Gaawwd... Jaaack!" I groaned, as he drove his cock deeply into me. It was 9:30 in the morning and we'd arrived a half-hour earlier at the hotel where he was to be the luncheon keynote speaker at an architectural show. He'd rented rooms, which would be his company's hospitality suite later that afternoon, and we'd stripped naked on arriving and fallen into one of the suite's king-size beds. It'd been almost a week since my lover, Jack, and I had been together, and our lust for one another at this moment knew no bounds.

I looked at our reflection in the floor-to-ceiling mirrors on the closet at the foot of the bed and the sight drove me into an animal frenzy. Jack had one knee on the bed with his back to the mirror, and had planted his other foot flat. He'd lifted my spread legs so that my right buttock was lying on his upraised thigh and had planted his steel-like cock deeply in my wet center. With my left leg angled out like an outrigger, he was moving my elevated cunt onto and off of his rod by grasping my hips. I could swear that his cock head was causing a large lump to rise and fall in my belly as we fucked. Only the back of my head and shoulders touched the bed. My hands and arms thrashed about, pulling my hair out of my face, frantically kneading my breasts and trying to grab him to pull him deeper or – alternately – trying to keep him from painfully ramming my cervix. I'd never seen a sexier, more erotic sight of a couple than the one in the mirror. His muscular shoulders and back rippled as we plunged at one another, and his firm buns flexed with singular purpose as our loins smacked together. 

Underlying my passion, so many confusing things had happened to me during the week that I felt emotionally distant from Jack. I had so much to discuss with him... and one thing was to find out about his shadowy past. That would come in a while though, I thought, as I succumbed to the hunger that possessed me. This was the first time we'd been together outside of amorous moments stolen at our respective homes and, with nearly 24 hours ahead of us, I thought talk could come later... much later. 

I was really pleased that he wanted me roughly like this, I flashed, as he repeatedly drove his cock into my depths. God! He feels like a horse! I fantasized, as he hammered away. If I don't die from this climax... yes... there... there it... there it comes... there... "Ahhh, Ja... Ja... oh, Jaaack... oh, you... fuck me... so good... baby! Ooooohh, Ja, I... I'm... Jaaack, I'm cu', Jack... I'm cum... baby... cummm... cummm-mmming... cuuuummmi... ". I stopped screaming and thrashed about on the bed, my body flopping like a rag doll, as my insides convulsed for what seemed like minutes. The entire time he held my hips in place in his strong grip as he screwed me. And finally he froze, growled a low, senseless epithet, and began splashing his white-hot semen into me, which triggered a series of violent, orgasmic aftershocks in my belly. 

Two hours later we were in a banquet room crowded with other people. Both of us were showered and fresh. "An' what are y'all doin' here today, li'l lady?" the slim, smooth-talking cowboy sitting next to me asked quietly, as I listened attentively to Jack's presentation to a large assemblage of his architectural colleagues.

I'd worn my new, black pin-stripe business suit. Well anyway, a miniskirt and curve clinging jacket that hugged my breasts and hips as if it'd been custom tailored. Just for spice – and to be naughty – I'd put on the new black, boy-cut, crotch-less panties that Jack had given me, the opening of which was now moist with droplets of my fresh juice, leaking there as I watched my handsome lover speak. 

"I'm one of Jack's remodel clients," I said proudly, wondering if the smell of my wet pussy might give me away. I ostentatiously placed my left hand on my knee to show my large, diamond engagement and wedding rings. This flirtatious guy in jeans, boots, a western-cut suede sport coat and ten-gallon hat, had been looking at my thighs anyway, which were caressed by the hem of my miniskirt. I wanted to show him I was married, and didn't want to let on that I was Jack's overnight date, much less his lover.

"That right?" he said, surprised. "Didn't know Jack did remodels anymore. Certainly doesn't have to."

"Special circumstances," I said quietly, trying not to disturb the listeners sitting around us.

The guy snorted knowingly, "I'll bet. Well, that's our Jack."

"You know him?" I whispered, wondering what he meant.

"Fer fifteen years!" he responded. "We worked on some guv'mint projects in Southeast Asia together... two bright young guys outta' grad school with fresh-minted Ph.D.s." 

Suddenly very interested, I turned toward him and whispered, "What did you do there?"

"Worked with PMCs, doin' dirty work for Uncle Sam," he said.

"Really!" I said, showing intense curiosity. "Listen, let's go back to the coffee urn and talk so we won't disturb these other people."

The guy took the invitation, mistakenly, as a sign of my interest in him, and got up immediately. We had aisle seats so our quick departure didn't cause much fuss. I heard Jack hesitate in his speech, and I looked back to see him watching us walk back to the rear of the large banquet room.

Pouring a cup of coffee to counteract my downer drug of the week, a Percodan pill I'd taken earlier, I said, "I'm Dee," and stretched out my hand.

He shook it and said, softly, "I'm Bo... from Laramie." His eyes went immediately to the ruffled white blouse under the black suit jacket that matched my mini. I'd not worn a bra today since the jacket was tight and emphasized my 34C breasts – and the rest of my curves – quite nicely.

"What are PMCs, Bo?" I asked, fluttering my eyelashes at him to get him talking. I'd dealt with the "country boy" type before and expected a flood of fascinating information. I got it.

"'Professional Military Corporations'," he said, importantly. "Paramilitary outfits – 'contractors' they call 'em – that implement foreign policy so the Cabinet Departments and other agencies don't soil their hands... and aren't held accountable."

I'd noticed that he'd lost much of his cowboy twang. He apparently used it only to break conversational ice. "But Jack seems so straight... so forthright... and... " I mumbled, as my voice trailed off.

"Mmm-hmm. That's my buddy, Jack," Bo said. "Actually, he hasn't lost much of his idealism. Had it severely undermined a coupla' times, what with his great love bein' raped and murdered over there. An' I guess the recent divorce tore him up, too." 

"Raped and murdered!" I gasped, astonished.

"Yup. Thai girl... Noianh, I think her name was," he said. "Buncha' right wing death squaders did her in, thinkin' she was a Commie. Or maybe 'cos she was spendin' too much time with a foreigner."

"My God! Poor Jack!" I muttered, suddenly understanding volumes of my lover's history as well as his deadly efficient revenge against the perpetrator of my rape the previous weekend.

"Ol' Jack went off the deep end for a while." Bo continued. "Set up his own little army an' wreaked havoc on everybody... 'til the Company brought him home. But he's back on his feet now... and charmin' everybody. Lookit those two hot numbers up there in the front row," he said, drawing my attention to two young women in their twenties who were absolutely captivated by Jack's words. 

My jealous nature leapt to the fore, and my pussy throbbed, wanting to spirit my lover away from the rapt, fawning gazes of the two.

"The Asian girl's a new intern he just hired," Bo stated. "The other one's a recent grad workin' out of the New York AIA office for three months. She's writin' a report on sustainable buildin' technology, sum'p'n Jack and I are pros at," he said. "But that's enough about us, what about you, Dee?" he asked, his eyes glued to the ruffled blouse that clung to my prominent breasts. "How 'bout a drink after?" he invited, as I noticed just a bit too much saliva lingering behind his lower lip.

"Mmmm, thanks," I declined. "Jack and I have to... uuh... visit some product booths and discuss the project. I don't get to see him much."

"I understand," he said. "Well, maybe I'll see ya' anyway. I'm stayin' here at the hotel."

I bristled, finding it disturbing that he'd think I cared where he stayed. But, recent experiences had made me very paranoid. My attention turned again to the two women in the front row. The Asian woman was breathtakingly beautiful. It was difficult to tell her age... or specific ethnic strain. She was tall, maybe 5'8", obvious even though she was sitting, and extremely shapely, with graceful curves defining her frame. Perhaps, 36C... or D, I estimated of her bosom, curving in to a very narrow waist, then out to about 36 inch hips. She wore a traditional, though sleeveless, Chinese dress of gold silk shantung. A bolero-like jacket of the same material hung on her chair behind her. Her legs were lissome, their curving shape clothed by black stockings as her ankles crossed modestly – in a most delightful way – near one leg of her chair. Her long, straight, raven hair was thick and stopped at her lower back, sometimes swishing back and forth as she moved her head. Her complexion was pure alabaster – so very un-Asian, I thought – and seemed almost translucent. Her upright posture was outstanding, though relaxed. She could easily have been the valedictorian at any fine woman's finishing school, I mused. 

The other woman – girl, really – was not so refined. She was Caucasian, also tall at about 5'7", had lovely peaches and cream skin, and seemed to be made of soft, round clay... all in the right places. She was dressed in a sleeveless shirt-dress that barely reached mid thigh, made of material splashed with every color in the rainbow... an expensive designer fashion, I guessed. It covered her outrageous, soft curves not tightly, but snugly enough that I could tell she was unburdened by underwear. She wore no nylons either. She kept moving nervously every few seconds – crossing and uncrossing her legs while trying to keep them together – her breasts bouncing with each of her quick, shifting jerks. One of her high heels kept falling off her extended toes, which caused her to lean forward to try to replace it, and which also opened her scooped neckline to show firm, round breasts. I was pleased to note that Jack appeared unfazed by her distracting contortions. I told myself, cattily, that she'd better watch her diet, or her fulsome body would soon balloon to fat if unattended. Her greatest distraction was her continuous clicking of a newly sharpened pencil against her lower teeth, since her pouting mouth was perpetually open. 

"Thanks so much for putting up with this long speech, folks. Please join us in the Taylor and Company hospitality suite – Room 450 – at five o'clock," Jack concluded. And with that there was resounding applause, as the podium became surrounded by audience members straining to ask questions.

"Sure ya' won't have a drink, Dee?" Bo asked, looking thirsty.

"I don't think so, Bo," I said. "Thanks. See you at the hospitality suite?" I asked.

"With bells on, darlin'," he said, grinning. "It's three o'clock. I got two hours to spend money at the bar, then I'll be happy ta' drink Jack's free booze!" as he waved and exited. 

I waited a discreet few moments for Bo to be gone then waved the suite's key card at Jack, who was being besieged by the fleshy young woman, who had her hand on his forearm to keep him from leaving. He saw me, understanding that we'd meet at the rooms, but then... I decided against leaving him alone to face all that temptation. I watched the fidgety girl's back as she talked animatedly with him, and it seemed as if her dress below the waist was filled with two wildcats, fighting with one another to burst through its thin confines. I'd never seen a woman act so blatantly forward with a man before, other than in movies portraying hookers. I walked to the front of the room and before I could interrupt, I was intercepted by Jack's Asian intern. 

"My name's Amber," she purred, in dulcet, unaccented tones, offering her hand, which I shook briefly. "I work with Mr. Taylor."

"Well, I'm Dee, one of his clients," I said, impressed by the woman's forthright manner... and height, since she exceeded me by five or six inches, easily. Unnoticed before, my eye caught the long slit in her skirt, revealing a luscious right thigh, invitingly covered by a black nylon. 

"Ah, yes, he's told me about you," she said, appraising me silently with eyes that missed nothing. "How is your remodel progressing?"

"Mmmm, okay. I do need to speak with Mr. Taylor, though," I said, anxiously. "Perhaps I could interrupt?" Amber turned and glanced at Jack, who immediately noticed my impatient look. The fidgeting young woman looked shyly over her shoulder at me, revealing an absolutely stunning, round, angelic face framed with short, wavy chestnut-colored hair. Her green eyes immediately assessed my business-like suit – including my miniskirt – and in a split second I saw her decide against reasserting her claim on Jack. 

Her hand dropped from his forearm and Jack said, "Amber, perhaps you and Claudia can have a drink and discuss some of the points she needs for her paper. In any case, I'll see both of you at five in Room 450," he said, joining me and walking me rapidly out of the room to the elevator and up to the suite. 

In the room I wasted little time. Housekeeping had restored order to the bed that we'd torn apart in the morning. I pushed Jack seat first onto it and dropped between his knees to unzip and pull down his dress slacks and boxers. "Just in case you were moved by that little floozy, I want to show you how much a real woman can appreciate a speech, Mr. Taylor!" I said, causing him to giggle as I plunged my mouth onto his half-hard cock. "That feel goood?" I asked, teasing his glans with my full lips and tongue. "Hmmm, baby? Ooooh, yeah! You like it... when I... slurp all... over you... huh!" I murmured, lasciviously. Holding his cock with one hand as I mouthed it, I unbuttoned my suit jacket with the other and wiggled out of it. My ruffled-front white blouse went next, then my back-zipped mini. Black thigh highs and wet crotchless panties were all that remained, since I'd left my shoes at the door. I decided to leave them on.

"Ohhhh, Dee... Dee!" Jack moaned, ecstatic at my sucking. "God! You're... so... gooood!" he gasped, "I can't believe... ".

"'Cos I love you, baby," I purred. I had guilty flashes as I heard Jack murmur his pleasure, since I would have died if he'd known of the lurid recent experiences I'd had that had improved my cock- sucking skill. "Now, let me pleasure you another way," I cooed, as I straightened up and placed his now-erect cock between my breasts. Drooling copiously on the head so that saliva covered his entire shaft, I pushed my breasts together around him and began a rising and falling movement: slow, easy, pillowing caresses that made his glans pulse red with new blood. I did this for a long time, just listening to the marvelous things he said, and the noises he made, as I worked his desire upward slowly. I wanted to taste his thick cum, swallow his fertile sperm, drink his seemingly endless supply of delicious spunk. Then, I thought, I might be ready for cocktails with his colleagues... after popping another pill. I'd also saved the two tabs of Ecstasy that Mandy had given me. And, for tonight, I'd brought along my two new dildos. I had great plans for Jack and myself later this evening! 

"Nngahh... Dee Dee... oooh-ahhh... Dee Dee... nnnggh, Jeezus!... Dee Dee!" Jack muttered, as I slowly lifted and lowered my soft tits up and down his rigid cock. The fleshy, olive-skinned envelope I provided him made my nipples seem as hard as large, blunt diamonds, stretching the skin over them until they turned bright red. Jack lifted his head to look at me, and reached down to hold my hands as they guided the two pleasuring spheres. His fingers tweaked and pinched my nipples lightly, sending flashes of sharp, piercing electricity into my vulva. I drooled more on him as he watched, dribbling an undammed stream of spit down over him, which caused him to groan some more at the sensuous sight. 

"Wantcha' to cum, sweetie," I purred. "Wantcha' to cum all over my tits!" Then I dropped my lips down over his cock and swirled my tongue around the tip, which caused him to grunt and stretch his tense legs out on either side of me. My mind wandered a bit as he moaned. I'd behaved horribly this week, I reflected. In retrospect, I'd rather enjoyed the whole gloryhole experience – for voyeuristic reasons – the night that my husband, Frank, had forced me into it. I'd also seduced our buff, 19-year-old neighbor, Billy, on another day in my drugged state... using as an excuse the fact that I was horny for Jack. I'd even sucked and fucked the French waiter at Mandy's women's strip club, also while high on Ecstasy, and enjoyed it because I'd done it in public. For the first time, I admitted that my sudden dependence on pills had perhaps stimulated a series of very sluttish entanglements. And yet, I only wanted to be a slut for Jack! I thought. I knew that he'd love me if I could just be his mistress... his "sexually extroverted" woman. I'd deal with the pills later, and the nagging guilt that their dirty, carnal impulses constantly stirred in me. After all, I was Dee! I'd overcome a mountain of difficulties, just in the past few weeks! 

So, I returned to my loving labors. I wanted to taste my man's cum, so on every fleshy down stroke I met his pulsing, red cock head with my full, pouting lips, drooling on him so that my saliva dribbled off my chin. "Aww, Dee Dee... I'm gonna' cum all over you, honey," Jack gasped, beginning to thrust his hips up and down faster than I could move my tits. 

"Do it, baby!" I cooed, "I wanna' swallow all your cum... mmmm... won't miss a drop! Just cum, darling... cum on Dee Dee!" I whispered, fancying myself a true professional whore. "Come on, sweetie... cum... cum... cum... " I whispered, with each word emphasized by a soft push to Jack's balls. And he was there suddenly. My heart nearly burst with delight as his first, long stream of semen splashed up to land on my nose and tongue. I then placed my lips around his corona softly, like two little pillows of soft satin, and drew the remainder of his load into my cheeks 'til they were full. Swallowing quickly, I continued jacking his prick with my tits and sucking, sucking, sucking, until his hips relaxed and he appeared to have passed out. After a few moments he looked down at me with squinted eyes and, before swallowing, I opened my mouth so that he could see the remnants of his load strung like little cables between my teeth and throat.

The cocktail party at five o'clock was very staid... very professional. Representatives from large New York architectural firms were there, as well as notables from those on the West Coast. I was ever watchful of women who might be paying untoward attention to Jack, but got over it after popping a Percodan. The young woman from New York, Claudia, had been collared by Amber, Jack's intern, and – though whenever he was around made a fool of herself by wiggling her body at my man – was effectively neutralized by the young Asian woman's thoroughly professional demeanor. Jack's friend, Bo, got more flirtatious as the party progressed, since he'd been drinking – I surmised – since just after Jack's speech had ended. But drunks are easy to handle, I thought, even though I shuddered at the memory of my husband's alcoholic boss, Bruce, who had raped me the previous weekend. Only a few guests were left in the front room with Jack at 7 p.m. when Amber left for home, and the young Claudia joined me in the bedroom portion of the suite, where I was now alone after having talked at length with some guests. We both nursed large glasses of red wine... and were more than a little tipsy by this time. 
