 Cathy Clark had recently dropped out of high-school and the pretty faced eighteen year old slender blonde girl was hanging out with some friends at the local park. One of the boys named Danny offered her a ride in his car and even let her drive. Cathy eagerly accepted and pulled over to a fast food store when instructed to do so. Danny told the girl, "Keep the motor running I'll be right out." Cathy didn't think anything of it and just waited for his return.

In a few minutes Danny was running to the car shouting, "Take off Cathy and drive fast back to the park." Cathy was puzzled but drove off in a hurry until there were flashing lights in the rear view mirror and a voice from a loud speaker urging her to pull over to the curb. Thinking they were being stopped for speeding Cathy pulled over to the curb in spite of Danny pleading with her to get away fast. They were cuffed and taken to the local police station. The skinny blonde was taken into a room and instructed to be seated and wait for the detective to question her. 

Cathy waited nervously until Detective Sandra Brown entered and told her to remain seated. It wasn't until she was questioned that she realized that Danny had robbed the store. Cathy explained exactly what happened and that she knew nothing about the robbery. Cathy pleaded, "Please let me go. I had nothing to do with the robbery." Cathy then told the whole story of what had transpired.

Sandra stated, "For what it's worth I do believe you but it is up to the judge not me. There will be a hearing in the morning but you must spent the night in jail." The 5'9" Black Detective hugged the 5'5" sobbing blonde girl to console her. Detective Brown walked with Cathy and a female guard to the jail cell. As they walked past the prison cells there were cat calls with all manner of lewd remarks and sexual offers. When they arrived at her cell the three residences made clear their intentions to molest the sweet young thing. Cathy was horrified. Sandra insisted, "Put this young girl in a cell of her own. I insist as her safety is in grave danger here." The guard explained that the only empty cell was in maximum security and they didn't have a guard available now as required. Sandra stated. "I will stay in the cell with her for the night and watch her." The guard agreed but made Sandra sign paperwork accepting responsibility for the prisoner.

They were locked in the cell together but were informed that there was only one bed. As the guard walked away she laughed and told them to have fun. Cathy offered Sandra the bed but the detective said. "That's nonsense girl. We can share the bed because you will need to be alert for the Judge in the morning. Let's get ready for bed." As Sandra stripped naked Cathy couldn't help but stare at the well built black woman. The shy white girl just stripped down to her pink panties and bra. When they cuddled in bed Cathy thanked her for getting her away from those awful woman. The sensual black woman kissed the girl passionately and stated. "Those women looked mean and I was afraid they would hurt you. I do believe your story but I'm afraid the Judge won't be so understanding. Prison would be a living hell for a sweet young thing such as yourself. They have a new program for girls and women. It's like a boot-camp for women and girls that were not convicted of a violent crime. They have school classes so you could finish high-school. They even have sports teams and all kinds of activities. A friend of mine works for the school and we could arrange for a representative of the school to speak to the Judge in the morning on your behalf. Would you like that honey?"

This time Cathy kissed her and exclaimed, "Oh that sounds wonderful. You've been so nice to me. How can I ever repay you for your kindness?"

Sandra answered, "Just keep doing what you are doing baby. You are only half my age but your kisses are really turning me on. Suck my tongue sweet thing." They embraced, kissed, and Cathy couldn't believe how this black woman was arousing her so much. In no time at all the seductive black woman had removed Cathy's bra and panties and was nibbling on her tiny tits. As she kissed her way down to the white girl's honey-pot Cathy was trembling in sublime bliss. First the thick lips kissing her sparse blonde bush,kissing her pussy lips, and then that fantastic tongue darted in and out of her inflamed pussy. Cathy shook and quaked to several breathtaking orgasms. 

Before Cathy regained her composure a black pussy was hovering over her pretty face. The smell, the sight of the puffy pussy lips, the honey drops dripping down on her face, and the bald beaver with a tattoo of a rose just above the leaking treat was intoxicating. As the soaked slit touched her lips Cathy stuck out her tongue and licked with fervor. Sandra screamed out, "Fuck yeahhh white girl eat my cunt. Just like that! Don't stop baby. I love your lips on my horny cunt. Suck, lick, yesssssss! Drink my cum baby, drink it all uuppppppp. Soooooo fuckingggg gooddddd, Yesssssss! They're going to love you at boot-camp baby girl. You will be a big hit. Can I visit you there?"

Cathy murmured, "I hope you do. I never imagined that sex between two females could be so electrifying. It was fucking mind-blowing. Does this mean that you will call your friend for me? At first I was ashamed because my breasts are so small but I soon forgot about that. Thank you so much."

The sensual black woman lifted her tits and offered, "My tits are only medium sized but wait until morning and you will see my friend's huge tits. Never be ashamed of your breasts. I think they are just perfect. When I tell my friend how great you taste and how eagerly you eat pussy she will be here for sure. Don't worry about a thing. I want to fuck you some more but you have a big day ahead of you tomorrow so we better get some sleep." They drifted off as they cuddled. 

Cathy was nervously standing before the judge when a stunning 6' black woman intervened on her behalf. All eyes were on the authoritative ebony bombshell as she stated, "This young lady is clearly not a threat to society. Therefore I respectfully urge your honor to sentence her to boot camp rather than jail or prison. She will be able to complete her high school education and be completely rehabilitated under our extensive program. She shall be returned to society as a productive citizen and we will all be the better for it. I humble appeal to your wisdom and compassion. I can assure you of my personal involvement with this girl. Thank you your honor."

The judge chuckled, "My dear Ms. Della Divine; there is absolutely nothing humble about you. Every one has stopped what they were doing to look and listen as you stand before me. I must admit that I myself am no different than the others. Your very presence commands attention. Your reputation as Chief Administrator is exemplary and I therefore agree to turn over Cathy Clark to your custody for two years. I've no doubt that she is in good hands and would like to add that it is a true pleasure seeing you again. Hope that you will grace us again with your captivating presence."

Della smiled and simply stated, "Thank you very much your honor."

Cathy walked with Della, Sandra, and a black female security guard from the boot camp. Sandra quipped, "You had that fucking judge in the palm of your hands Delicious Della. He would have given you anything you wanted to get in your horny panties. The judge was totally in lust for you."

Della replied, They all are Sandra. You know that very well don't you baby? Male or female it really doesn't matter at all. Perhaps one day I'll permit the judge, his wife, and their daughter to feast on my chocolate cunt. Sounds like fun and I will have to film it so I can relive it and show my friends." They approached a van and Sandra told them goodbye and promised to visit Della and Cathy. 

Cathy sat in back of the van with Della and the guard. She couldn't see who was driving. The young white girl exclaimed, "Ms. Divine thank you so much for coming to my rescue. God only knows what would have happened to me if you hadn't intervened on my behalf. How can I ever repay you?"

Della smiled as she stated, "Little girl you have been transfixed with my massive breasts. Come sit on my lap and then you can see the objects of your desire real close up. Undo the straps of my dress then kiss, lick, suck, and nibble on the huge motherfuckers. When we are with others you are to call me Ms. Divine but when we are alone just call me Delicious. You will soon find out why they call me that but for now get to work on my tits honey."

Cathy sat on the lap of the ebony sex goddess and untied the straps of her red dress. The young white girl let out a long sigh as the massive melons fell out of the dress. Cathy was in awe of the gigantic jugs and immediately began lovingly caressing them. She was fascinated by the saucer sized aureoles that were pitch black in contrast to Della's brown skin. Della urged, "Kiss, lick, and suck them baby. I know you want to so don't be shy. Oh yeah baby just like that. Bite my nipples. Suck hard, hell yeahhhh! Good girl. Now get on your knees, lift me dress, and you will soon find out why the call me Delicious Della. Oh baby, eat that fucking hairy hole. Suck the clit, chew on my puffy pussy lips, and tongue fuck my craving cunt. Oh my, oh my, soooooo fucking godddddd, yessssssss! Look up at me while you feast on my juicy cunt. I want to see those pretty blue eyes as I cum on your face. Eat, suck, drink all my sticky cum. Just like that. Yesssssssss!"

Della held the girl's face tight to her erupting volcano as the security woman couldn't resist that cute white ass sticking up in the air and ate Cathy's pussy and ass with vigor. Between Della's sizzling hot cunt and the talented tongue of the guard Cathy oozed one climax after another. As they straightened out their clothing Della declared, " Girl you are one fantastic cunt lapper! You are indeed a fast learner and your lust and zeal eating my cunt leaves absolutely no doubt that you are crazy about my savory cunt. You do love Delicious Della don't you girl?"

Cathy submissively cooed, "I never dreamed that a woman's private parts could taste so yummy. You know that I love it and will yearn for the time that you will let me worship your scrumptious body again. I am at your command whenever you so desire. The name Delicious Della is perfect for you. When did they start calling you that?"

Della smiles and offered, "The first girl that ever went down on me called me that. I liked the title and it stuck. As for you getting another chance to nurse on my giant globes and feast on my hairy cunt you have nothing to worry about at all. As a matter of fact I think that I'll take you under my wing and be your mentor. Trust me girl, you will be eating all the hot cunt you can handle and then some. My cunt and your face will be as one." Cathy squealed with delight and the security guard announced that whenever Della wanted she would be available to join in. She declared that Cathy's young cunt was a heavenly treat.

The van drove through the check point at the security gates and up to a large cold looking building that Cathy thought would be her new home. The slender blonde was ushered to a spacious office that belonged to Ms. Della Divine and the hand-cuffs were removed. .Della dismissed the guard and instructed Cathy to have a seat. Dela sat behind her massive desk and announced, "The normal procedure would be for me to assign you a room with another inmate but you are special so I will make you a trustee and you will work with me but you still will attend classes and get your diploma. You will be going home with me and you will stay at my home. You will be sleeping with me and keeping my horny black cunt satisfied. How does that sound to you girl?"

Cathy exclaimed, "Oh yes. It sounds great. I am truly in your debt and there is nothing that I won't do to repay you. Feasting on your delicious pussy is my desire and keeping you satisfied is my goal. Thank you so very much." The day flew by as Cathy was given a tour of the facilities by her mentor. In no time at all they were driving to Della's home in her Mercedes convertible. With the top down Della played with Cathy's baby cat and she insisted that the white girl nurse on her enormous ebony bosom,. A wicked grin crossed Della's face as folks on the street, people in cars, and truck drivers all gawked at the lewd sight of the white girl totally submitting to her ebony mistress. Della simply adored the attention and left little doubt that she wanted them to watch her in action. The stunned and aroused looks on their faces only made the horny black woman even hotter. She desired to continue putting her domination over the whit girl on display. Della acknowledged her exhibitionism and admitted to herself that showing off was just as titillating as having a white girl/woman go down on her hairy cunt. She pulled into a small bistro that was well known as a lesbian hangout. 

They walked into the place with Della's hand all over Cathy's buttocks. A busty blond in her early thirties appeared at their table and announced, "Hi my name is Penny. How can I help you?" Della ordered them both a Rubin sandwich and a rum and coke. 

When the waitress went to fetch the order Della once more began fingering the sweet young pussy of the adorable blonde sitting next to her. The bold and brassy black woman let her ample breasts fall free and hand feed them to her new fuck slut. Cathy was torn between her carnal desires and the fear of doing this in public but she couldn't say no to her mistress nor could she resist the marvelous melons offered to her hungry mouth. Soon the dominating black woman had the submissive white girl under the table eating out her hairy cunt. When penny returned with their order all she could utter was, "Oh my!"

With her huge breasts still hanging out Della offered, "Penny suck my tits while my slut dines on my delicious cunt. I know you want to so don't be shy."

Penny muttered, "I'd really love that but I'm afraid I can't do that while I'm still on duty."

Just then Della was reaching a fabulous orgasm and screamed out, "Oh hell yeah, suck it all up baby girl. Oh shit, oh shit, yessssss!" All eyes in the place were on them as they ate their lunch. When Della paid the bill she handed penny a note with her address and phone number saying, "My dear Penny why don't you stop by when you finish your shift and I'll give you what you crave? You know you want it badly so come over tonight and get some of this good shit."

With desire in her blue eyes Penny answered, "I'll be there, you can count on it." When they stood up they received a large round of applause. A sexy redhead kissed Cathy so she could taste Della's delicious cunt. The enticing black woman gave her the number as well and told her that she could taste her cunt firsthand. 

As they walked to the door a black woman and two younger ones beckoned Della to their table and the short but well built black woman told her, "Don't hog all of them white bitches for yourself. How about letting some sisters in on the action? My daughter, her friend, and I would love having them white women feasting on our horny black cunts. The girls here are only nineteen and have never had the pleasure of a white woman yet. I've told them how good it is and when we witnessed you and your submissive slut going at it we all climaxed just watching her gobble up your cunt. Please invite us over too. We can have one hell of a fucking party. So how about it?"

Della gave them the info and said, "Sure, you can come to the orgy. Hell, you even said please!" The drive home was a repeat of earlier. Once again Della enjoyed all the gawking but Cathy was oblivious to all the attention they were getting. Once they entered the spacious house Cathy was in awe. It was not only huge but it was the most beautiful home that she had ever seen. Della told her to take the tour and enjoy her new home and that she would fix them both a drink and meet her back in the parlor. When Cathy returned to the parlor Della was waiting for her on a huge sofa with their drinks. 

Delicious Della patted the sofa cushion and stated, "Come sit beside your big black momma baby. Our guest should be arriving pretty soon so let's get rid of these fucking clothes so we'll be ready for them."

Penny was the first one to show up then the stunning redhead closely followed by the black mother with her daughter and friend. They all followed the lead of the hostess and discarded their clothing. Della with her knockout body was the center of attention and right away Penny and the redhead were worshiping her big butt and hairy cunt with their mouths and tongues. The black woman and the two black girls had Cathy on her knees eating out all six holes. Not only was Della a dominating lesbian, an exhibitionists, but she was a voyeur too. The feel of the women's tongues exploring her hairy holes and the sight of her new lover willingly submitting to the three black females was driving her out of her mind with uncontrollable lust. Della screamed out, "Fuck yesssss, get your tongues as far up my cunt and ass as you can. Lick, suck, fuckkkk yessssss! Use and abuse my girlfriend. Cum in her mouth and all the fuck over her face. She loves that shitttt, yessssss! Fuck yes." Della sent Penny to her bedroom to get a box from her closet. When Penny returned with the box Della opened it and passed out three dildoes to the black women and strapped one on herself. They were big, purple, and black. The smell of sex filled the room as the white women had their brains fucked out. They were brutally fucked long and hard . Each pussy and ass was pounded, stretched, and left gaping wide open with one orgasm after another leaking out of their sore but satisfied cunts. The women left and agreed to do it again real soon. 

Della led Cathy to the bedroom and asked, "Well my love how did you enjoy your first orgy? It was your first wasn't it?"

Cathy answered, "It was wild and exciting and yes it was my first. As great as it was I'm glad that now I can be alone with you."They both drifted off to sleep with Cathy's face buried between Della's lewdly spread legs. 

The next day at the boot camp Della showed Cathy her responsibilities in the office. Then they made the rounds of the facility. Cathy was introduced to the teachers and the rest of the staff. Most were black but there were some white and Hispanic. All were informed of Cathy's special status and warned that there would be no sexual contact with the girl unless Della approved. The day passed swiftly and soon they were home again. Cathy was both surprised and impressed with the roast beef dinner that Della had prepared and served. The young white girl particularly enjoyed the chocolate cake they had for dessert. Cathy cooed, "Oh Della the whole meal was totally fantastic! I can't recall ever having a meal that I enjoyed more. Is there no end to your talents?"

Della told her, "Thank you darling, I made the dessert with your affinity for chocolate in mind. You do love chocolate don't you baby? When we go to bed I'll feed you all the chocolate you want. I Know that you enjoyed our little romp last night but from now on we will restrict such activities to weekends and special events at the boot camp. I have to tell you that you are indeed very special and that it is imperative that you study hard and get your diploma. There will be plenty of time for fun and games and every night we will have each other. I will gladly help you with your homework and when you finish high school you will be released from custody. The job market is tough right now but I will offer you a position at the boot camp if you like."

Cathy exclaimed, Wow! Della you're the Greatest! What kind of job?"
