 I am driving through town and decide to stop and have a drink. I had been going non-stop for quite a while on this new project, so I needed a break. As I am driving down the street, I spot a lingerie shop, and I decide to go in and check this place out for myself. The lingerie is great! This store has lots of things to wear to tease and to entice. There is a very seductive white teddy set that I decide to try on.

While I am looking, I see a beautiful black haired woman heading for the dressing room with a very sexy teddy in her hand. She enters the dressing room and I follow a few moments later. I notice that she leaves the curtains open a few inches. So I stand there and watch. How beautiful she looks and how brazen it is of me to watch her change. It is really dangerous of me to be doing this. She seductively removes her clothing. She is naked in a matter of moments. What a luscious body. 

In a matter of moments my pussy is dripping wet. She is so gorgeous. Long black hair almost to the top of her great round ass. A really cinched in waist, and perfectly rounded hips. Her breasts are perky and the auroras are a deep pink with large nipples. I could just reach out and stroke that beautiful skin. Her eyes are also great. Light in color with a touch of kohl at the corners and full pouty lips, with the greatest color of red lipstick. I reach down to stroke myself while I watch her change. It is really a turn on because I can see her from behind and then in the mirror I can see her front. I then notice that she is watching me in the mirror. Our eyes meet and I can tell by her expression, and the fact that she is running her tongue around her lips, that she is enjoying my gaze upon her.

I am trying to decide whether to enter the dressing room or keep on watching when from behind me I feel two hands slowly stroke me around my waist. I jump ever so slightly, but just enough so that the hands move a little bit lower. As I stand there, these hands start caressing my lower stomach. I had started to undress, so that I could try on the teddy, so it made it easy access for the wondering hands. Ever so slowly one hand went lower and the other hand soon found its way to my now erect nipples.

I look over at the black haired lady and she is entranced with what is going on in front of her. I notice that there is the beginning of a wet spot in the red satin teddy that she had tried on. As you are pinching and stroking my nipples, I slowly spread my legs apart and you very quickly insert a finger into my well-lubricated hole. I reach behind me and grab hold of a great ass and quickly pull you closer to me so that we are almost completely touching. I feel you playing with my clit. The sensations are fantastic. I then reach in front of you and realize that you are wearing only a little thong. I reach into the small wisp of material and find your slit and start massaging your clit.

I had my eyes closed and so I open them and see the beautiful black haired lady leaning up against the mirror slowly stroking herself as she watches us. Her clit is so large. She is so turned on. I break from your embrace and take your hand and lead you over and we enter the black haired lady's dressing room. She is wide-eyed not knowing what we are going to do. I kneel down in front of her and start nibbling at her crotch while grabbing hold of that perfect ass, as I pull her up closer. The crotch of the teddy is getting quite wet. You reach over and gently pull the spaghetti straps off her milky shoulders, and gently tug it down the rest of her. 

She steps out of it. As she is stepping out of the teddy, I take that opportunity to completely cup her pussy and clit in my mouth while her legs are farther apart. I start sucking hard. Pretty soon my mouth is full of her juices. I lick and taste her sweet juices as I suck all around her moist lips. She begins moaning and getting louder by the minute. I look around and realize that the other lady is watching us intently. I motion her over and to my surprise she nudges me away from the black haired lady and imbeds her tongue in her crotch. I am so excited in watching her do that that I just lean over and start nibbling the ass of the second lady. 

The black haired lady then reaches down and starts stroking my clit. Then the two of them are in a 69 position. I stop what I am doing to watch a little bit. It is so exciting to watch. Most guys would kill to be in my position at this moment. To watch 2 beautiful women go at it with each other. I realize that I have 4 breasts to massage and that I very skillfully start. While I was sucking on one of the black haired lady nipples, I was squeezing and pinching the other lady’s nipple. Oh she was also gorgeous.

Shorter and a little plumper than the black haired lady, she still was great. Curves in all the right places. Full hips and breasts. A little triangle of light brown hair above her slit. She was really getting into this. I could hear them both moan and feel them both tense when they got their release. 

I then spread the black lady's legs further apart so that she could enjoy both of us going down on her at the same time. She must have really enjoyed that because she started to tremble. I was nibbling up and down her one leg and the other lady was doing the other side. We would alternate between the ups and downs. When I would reach the top of the leg then I would suck on her swollen labia or just lightly run my tongue up and down her slit then go back to nibbling on her leg. The other lady would then copy what I did. 

This was really driving her crazy. She was moaning and moving with frenzy. Finally she grabbed my head with both hands and basically inserted her very large clit in my mouth and starting humping. I was glad to oblige, so I clamped down and started sucking with all my might. The slurping and sucking noises seemed extremely loud also.

As I was doing this, I felt a finger being inserted into my extremely wet pussy. It felt like when it was inserted, that my pussy walls grabbed hold of that finger and pulled it in. She started moving in and out then inserted another finger. I was getting hotter and hotter which was making me suck even harder. She then started running her well-lubricated finger along the crack of my ass and around my little puckered ass hole. 

"Oh put it in” I pleaded. I was about to explode and I could feel the tremors coming from the black haired lady so I knew she wasn’t far from it either. 

I started to swirl my tongue faster and faster as the other lady does, not too gently, rammed 2 fingers in my waiting ass hole. With that the black haired lady started bucking and arching her body off the ground and she let out the highest pitched scream that I ever have heard. "Oh God” I called out at the same time as we both came in unison. 

I then felt a mouth at my pussy sucking on the juices that were now flowing like a river out of me. I move out from between the legs of the black haired lady and watched as the other lady cleaned me off. I motioned the black haired lady over to the other lady and we both started playing with her. 

The black haired lady had a great rhythm going with 3 fingers going in and out of your extremely hot and wet hole. I was enjoying very deep kissing while squeezing and pinching your nipples. I take your breasts and squeeze them both together and start licking your nipples back and forth. We both feel your breath getting more and more shallow as you are getting closer to your release. The black haired lady then leans down and takes your perfect clit in her mouth and lightly flicks her tongue over it as she is still ramming 3 fingers inside of you. You start to moan and squirm and then your body just starts to quiver and shake until finally you cum.

We lay there for a few minutes, lightly holding each other. I then slowly remove myself from the group. I give each of you a light kiss, and then I go into the other dressing room and put on my clothes. I then go in and look down at you both, enjoying your perfect bodies. I then pick up the lingerie that we had all tried on and take it to the front counter. I paid for all of it and left. What a great afternoon and I left with the prize. Whenever I want to recreate the scene in my mind all I have to do is take the lingerie out of the bag and look, stroke and smell it to get the feel and smells of that wonderful afternoon.

It will be an afternoon that I won't soon forget.