 Demi saw April through the haze of candlelight, biting her hand as she clutched her chopsticks with shaking fingers, and smiled.

"Does that feel good, you dirty girl?"

April nodded briskly. "Y-yes... It's really good... but it's going to be hard to eat anything like this..."

Demi reached into her purse, felt for the remote, and turned the vibrations up higher. "Well, you'll just have to try harder, won't you," she crooned. April gasped, clutched the table edge with both hands, biting her lip. Demi turned the vibrations back down to low again. "But it's ok... we can get cartons for the leftovers. Just enjoy the ride for now, you kinky slut."

"Yes, baby..."

Demi turned the vibrations up a little, but not too high. At that moment, the waitress parted the cracked-open bead curtain of their booth and stuck her head inside. "Everything all right, ladies? Can I get you any refills?" Demi looked at April, saw how she was trembling, struggling to conceal her pleasure and suppress her climax, and turned up the vibrations another notch. She looked back over at the waitress, at her flowing hair, red lips, and luscious figure, and smiled wantonly.

"Everything is wonderful. The sushi is delicious, and you're such a delightful waitress. We're good for now, thank you."

The waitress (Caroline, her name tag said) blushed, smiled, nodded, and stepped out. Demi wondered if her blush was from the compliment (she knew how rare and appreciated they were in the service industry) or from desire. Perhaps both? Well, a girl could dream, at least...

She heard a small gasp and looked over at April. She was coming hard on the bench, with her eyes closed and her free hand in a fist. She watched her shaking, riding out her orgasm.

April leaned back and took a few breaths, coming down. "Oh god baby... that was intense."

Demi leaned forward on her hands. "I knew you were a naughty little slut. You liked that that hot waitress almost saw you cum, didn't you?"

April just bit her lip and looked at her lover breathlessly, with admiration and lust in her eyes.

Later that night, after they went back to Aprils apartment and they had finished putting Aprils leftovers in the fridge, Demi felt April come up behind her and press her naked breasts against her back seductively, licking her neck, and pressing her gently into the fridge.

April cupped Demis breasts, kneading them gently and then pinching her nipples. "All that excitement and I still want more of you... I guess I must be insatiable."

The feel of Aprils body and breath on her neck made Demis panties flood with moisture. "You bad girl... I'll just have to fuck you till you beg for mercy then, won't I?" She whirled around suddenly, grabbing April by the wrists and pinning her against the fridge. She kissed her quickly but passionately, then spun her around and collected her wrists in one hand. With the other she spanked her pert ass, delighting in the gasps that came out of her when her palm connected with the white flesh of her behind. After half a dozen slaps, she stopped, and April wriggled her butt wantonly, hoping for more.

Demi pressed her mouth to her ear. "Off to the bedroom with you, you little slut. You'll be getting more of that. I'm going to show you what happens to bad girls."

April sighed with lust, and once Demi released her wrists she obediently headed over to the bedroom. Demi followed close behind, admiring the view of her ass along the way.

Demi stood over the bed, wearing only her favorite strap-on dildo. April was on all fours on the bed, clutching the bars of the headboard, waiting. Demi strode over closer to Aprils head. "Little slut. Now lick my pussy, baby. You know you want to." April buried her face in Demis pussy, licking with wild abandon. She ate her eagerly, vigorously, and within only a few minutes Demi was coming hard, clutching her head to her, closing her eyes and arching her back. Her juices flooded Aprils mouth, and

she reached for the headboard and rested as April licked her lips and smiled with satisfaction. Demi grabbed her by the hair and gave her a few wet kisses. "You naughty girl. You're really going to get it now." She pulled her hair a little harder and licked her way down her neck, then sat her up and sucked each of her nipples in turn while she massaged her breasts. She kissed her again, more forcefully, and slipped her hand down to her smooth pussy without breaking the kiss. She dipped her finger into her wetness and then rubbed her juices over and around her clit. April gasped and moaned into her mouth, writhing with delight.

Without warning, Demi pushed her down on all fours and climbed onto the bed behind her. She pulled a pair of silk rope cuffs out of their bedside toy box and draped them over April's back softly. "Feel that, baby? You know what I'm gonna do with you, don't you?"

April moaned and nodded her head eagerly, biting into her lip.

"That's right, slut. Now hold out your wrists. Good girl." Demi bound April's wrists behind her back and grabbed the center of the cuffs with one hand, pushing her down a little at the same time. With the other she picked up a bottle of lube and poured a small amount on the dildo. With how wet April was already, she didn't need much. Once she set the lube back down, she grabbed onto Aprils hip and thrust into her hard.

She fucked her vigorously, relentlessly, reveling in every moan of pleasure, every burst of wetness on her thighs. She knew how much April loved to be fucked like this, and that made her want to fuck her all the harder. She thrusted into her, over and over, telling her she was a bad girl, telling her how she was going to fuck her till she was raw, telling her to take it. She made her cum one, two, three times, and then she pulled back on her hair with one hand and rubbed her sensitized clit with the other while she whispered in her ear. "You wanted to cum in front of that waitress, didn't you? Bet you would have liked her to see you naked and writhing, with your juices gushing out of your little cunt spraying onto her. If only we could have brought her back here... I'd be pushing your face into her sweet little pussy while I fucked you rotten." April screamed then, throwing her head back and spraying her ejaculate everywhere. Demi pushed the strap-on all the way up her cunt, and left it there as April rode out her orgasm. The bed was drenched. Their bodies were dripping. April collapsed back onto the bed. They shared a sweet, passionate kiss. April smiled and giggled happily. "I think now would be a good time for a shower..."

Demi couldn't have agreed more.