 Written by request

Dena lay in her bed, pondering the day. Today was 'her' day. Her responsibilities taken care of, her calendar clear. The satin sheets might have seemed a little extravagant but she liked how they made her naked body feel when she slept. She arched her back in a morning stretch and her nipples grazed the fine fabric immediately bringing them to attention. She had wonderful breasts – and she knew it. They were not oversized or undersized or anything like that, they were a large C, maybe a D, but were the text book perfect shape with silver dollar sized areolas and long delectable nipples. They suited her frame very well.

Dena glanced down to her nipples as she stretched. She smiled to herself as the fingertip sized buds easily made their presence known through the flimsy bed covering. She knew there were lots of people – both men and women – that would be happy to sample her offerings if she was to appease. But that wasn't her way. She mostly stayed to herself, was happy to be single, and except for a temporary diversion or two, Dena was happy not having a permanent relationship in her life.

But there were days when she needed something other than her battery powered companion. Days when the touch or feel of a real person was something that called to her. Something that consumed her thoughts. Today was one of those days.

But today was different in some ways from the other days that she sought companionship. She could have a man over in a second. In fact she wouldn't even need to get out of bed. Her cell phone was in easy reach – speed dial numbers of her favourite fellows easily accessible. No, today she wanted something different.

Her morning stretch completed, her gaze remained on her erect nipples. She brought her hands up her side and playfully flicked then pinched both nipples and fondled her breasts. She loved the way the felt beneath her hands. 

Her thoughts drifted back to specific sexual moment in her life. She fast-forwarded over the "normal" encounters and preferred to linger her daydreams on the more exotic daring episodes she had experienced. She thought of the time she had two men at once. Both of them experienced lovers. Filling her mouth and her vagina at the same time. She thought back to the largest penis she ever had in her mouth, and then to the fucking she took from that immense cock until she was so sore that she walked bowlegged the next day. 

A smile crept to her face. She thought back to the only time in her life that she had a lesbian encounter. The other woman was a tall blonde. Leggy with a small tight ass. A great hourglass figure and a perfect set of enhanced breasts. That girl had been very shy, but the alcohol of the evening and the risqué environment had presented them both an opportunity. One that they both did not deny. She remembered the hot tub where they were left when everyone else went inside because it had started to rain. She remembered the sounds from the ongoing party, everyone seemingly had forgotten about the two girls in the hot tub. How the blonde had sat up from deep in the steaming water, one breast protruding from her forlorn bikini top. She had casually pointed it out – after a long stare. The blonde seemed nonchalant about it. She had asked the blonde if her breasts were augmented and was surprised when the blonde removed her top and offered Dena a look at the doctors flawless efforts. She was more surprised when the blonde offered Dena to feel them. 

She was unsure for a moment, perhaps an instant of time would be a better description of how long it took Dena to reach out and touch those fabulous breasts. She fondled them. She squeezed and rolled the blondes breasts. Then the blonde said that she didn't remember what a "real" set felt like. It was to obvious of an offer to turn down, so Dena removed her top. Each girl's eyes were glued to the other girls breasts. Each of their hands exploring another woman's body. She was almost as hot now as she was that day when the blonde whispered "suck them". Even now Dena was unsure whether or not her head had already been in motion when that magic phrase was whispered to her, but nonetheless, her tongue touched another woman's nipple for the first time that night.

There were more memories of that night that Dena's mind replayed. She remembered the feel of the blonde's mouth on her nipple- as if it were happening right now. She also remembered in vivid detail the first touch. When the blonde's hand caressed her bikini bottoms, and then pulled the tiny material to the side. She could still smell the scent of her hair when she leaned in close to feel Dena's pussy. 

She shuddered involuntarily while she relived her experience. Dena's hands then slipped between her legs. The heat emanating from her vagina nearly brought her out of her trace, but instead she simply cupped her warm pussy in the same way the blonde did that night and returned to her memory.

They had stopped then, that night in the hot tub, as some drunken guest had stumbled his way out to the hot tub and made some crude remark or other. But this only fuelled her fantasy. She thought of how things might have been if that jerk had not interrupted them. She could still feel – longed to feel again – the touch of the blonde's hand on her cunt. If only she'd had a few more minutes, if only the blonde had been a little faster...

She penetrated herself with two fingers. On the bed she arched once more. It was not her fingers that were inside her – it was not even the blonde's. It was a woman – any woman. Today, she needed to feel what only a woman could give her. Her nameless faceless lover continued to finger fuck Dena while she lay there writhing on the bed. 

In an instant she came. It was more a prelude of things to come then a full blown earth shattering orgasm. But any orgasm on a woman's hands, even if they were really her own, was enough to confirm to Dena what she needed today.

As she rode down the back side of her orgasm she fondled her clit. It was engorged now. The size of the tip of her little finger. Oh how she wished that a woman would enter her bedroom right now and suck her clit. She wished she could reach her own clit to suck it. She wanted to taste a woman.

As her plateau levelled out, Dena begrudgingly removed her fingers from her now sopping wet pussy. And in a moment of pure deviance, brought them to her mouth to taste them. Still with her eyes closed she imagined that is was another woman she was tasting. Her mind spun with the fantasy. She sucked her fingers deep into her mouth, tasting the sweet nectar that was her imaginary lover. She licked her fingers clean.

Dena slept through most of the day. 

After a time, Dena reluctantly committed to leaving the bedroom, all the while planning how she would make her fantasy a reality. She thought of going to a strip club. Why not? It's not for men only! Then she came to the reluctant conclusion that the men there would simply try to pick her up and she'd spend the night frustrated, fighting off pricks when she really wanted a cunt.

She thought of cruising the bars, but she didn't want some butch lesbian and most likely the other women that she would find desirable, would be accompanied.

She showered. She resisted the urge to touch herself again, but trimmed herself neatly and made certain that all was in order because one way or another her dripping pussy would be on display tonight.

After her shower she spent extra time on herself. I seldom enjoyed past time of plucking this and pruning that, that ended with her looking extravagant. She selected a tight black lycra bodysuit with nothing on underneath. No panty lines would spoil this evening. And she wanted to advertise what she had. She wore her best set of black fuckme boots, that rode clear past her knees and much like a neon sign, point directly and her puffy crotch. The body suit had a zipper down the front, and as she carefully rolled it up past her pussy, she looked in the mirror and decided to leave the suit open to navel level. Her perfect breasts were only accented by the tight outfit and virtually spilled out the front of the suit. 

"Perfect" she thought.

Then she laughed at herself in the mirror – "All dressed up with no place to go, eh Dena?" But she felt hot. She WAS hot. She donned a set of evening gloves that matched her boots and lit a cigarette. Then she sat down at her computer to see what the town had to offer for tonight's entertainment.

Offered was the typical big city entertainment for a weekend evening. This band playing at that bar, this movie showing at that theatre... She briefly thought about a blue move, or perhaps even an adult bookstore! But she didn't want to get arrested for prostitution and she reluctantly admitted to herself that if she was to enter either of those establishments dressed like this, the outcome would most likely not be pleasant.

She could feel the lycra rubbing her pussy while she surfed on her computer. Looking down at her crotch she realized there would be nothing to hide. Every fold, every crease, in fact even the total lack of pussy hair was blatantly obvious. There was a part of her that liked that. A lot. It was like being naked without actually doing it.

She rubbed her crotch through her jumpsuit with one hand while she surfed with the other. She could feel the heat from her pussy. She was on fire. She could come right now, but she would not be denied her future.

Then, almost closing the popup before she read it, was an ad for an escort service. It wasn't the ad that had caught her eye, it was the woman in the picture.

A goddess. She had fire-red hair. She was leggy and tall. She had had a full body red leather suit on that clung to her like a second skin. She was ripped. This woman obviously worked out – a LOT. And she had a whip in her right hand that was coiled around her right leg, accenting her muscular physique. 

The ad said her name was Caprice.

Dena subconsciously pressed her hand against her cunt so hard that she almost came. " I fucking want THAT", Dena almost said aloud.

She studied the picture. Caprice's muscle tone was visible through the leather she wore. Her pussy lips filled the crotch of her dominatrix attire. Her breasts – bigger then Dena's own – were firm and perfect. "Suckable", Dena thought. So into this picture was Dena that she wished she had a cock to pound this woman with. " A big fucking thick throbbing cock", thought Dena.

There was a phone number on the add. Dena recognized the prefix and realized that it was only one suburb from where she was. She thought to herself, "I can't phone an escort agency!" She argued with herself that she was a woman and these places catered to only men – so unfair!! She read and re-read the add, she stared at Caprice. She masturbated herself through her clothes into a near frenzy. 

Then she picked up the phone.

She dialled the number and hung up immediately. "WHAT THE FUCK AM I DOING!" she chastised herself.

She picked the phone up out of its cradle and dialled again.

The voice that answered was female. A sultry, low raspy voice. "Who do you want today" was all she said.

Dena was silent. Her eyes wide with adrenaline. The woman on the end of the phone had seen this before.

"Your first time calling baby?", she asked . "Yes" Dena whispered.

The woman on the phone instantly identified that she was talking to a female and switched gears.

"Hello honey. Don't be scared. We have what you are looking for too.", Dena was gently coaxed.

"Caprice." Was all Dean could muster. A chuckle from the other end of the phone. "Oh, it's like that." Dena was told. Dena was silent. Still unsure of the path she had chosen.

"Say it!" the voice demanded. "Say that you want Caprice to fuck your cunt!".

Dena was in shock. She almost hung up the phone. But to hang up the phone would be the end of her fantasy. The end of the picture on the screen that her eyes were glued too. The end of the huge breasts, the chains accenting her red leather – then end of her fantasy. Oh so close to being reality, all she had to do was talk.

"Tell me you want Caprice to lick you", the voice said. Dena's ears rang from the rush in her body to the point where she had to concentrate to make sense of the words. "I, uhHem," Dena coughed," I want Caprice to lick me".

There was a moment's silence on the end of the phone. Dena thought for a moment they had been disconnected. Then the voice spoke softly, "30 minutes...Where do you live...."

As Dena hung up the phone alarm bells were going off in her head. "WHAT THE FUCK HAVE I DONE??" she thought over and over.

It took her a stiff drink and a cigarette to calm down, but when she did, that familiar feeling emanating from her groin intruded once more into her conscious.

She returned her glance to the ad on her computer. "That woman is coming over to fuck ME!", She thought. Just allowing her brain to conceive the thought turned Dena on more. She could feel the wetness inside her suit. She wanted to cum so bad. She wanted to rip her clothes off and run naked through the streets. She wanted to lick a cunt so bad she could taste it....

As Dena worked herself into a frenzy, the doorbell rang. That shocked the fuck right out of Dena. Panic set in.

"FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK!!!!", ran through her head over and over. The doorbell rang again.

A world of emotions went through Dena's head in point two seconds. Total mental overload. A million thoughts –"I've gone to far – what the fuck am I doing – fuck I need this woman – I want to lick her cunt!" All emotions at once, fear-desire-self consciousness – lust. There was no denying what was on the other side of the door....

Dena went to the door and grasped the handle. She couldn't bring herself to twist the doorknob. Her head thumped against the door in resignation.

"Dena?" It was from the other side of the Door!! "Dena, its Caprice. Will you let me in?" The voice was soft. Caring. Everything the blonde in the hot tub had been. The voice was persuading...

Dena unlatched the deadbolt.

"I know you've never done this before. I know you have a need." From the other side of the door.

Dena unlocked the door.

The doorknob turned from the other side. Dena's head was still on the door as it slowly opened, forcing her to step back and rotate out of the way. Dena stepped back into her entrance way and for the first time lifted her head to behold Caprice.

Her flaming red hair was put up in a way that made it look like a flaming halo around her beautiful face. Her chiselled facial features gave away the fact that this woman spent a great deal of time at the gym.

She had on a fox fur coat that she was already opening to reveal a silver leather bikini top with two of the most massive breasts Dena had ever seen virtually spilling over the skin tight top. Already Caprice's nipples were hard. Pointing at Dena. Begging to be touched. Caprice eyed Dena from the tip of her 6" heeled boots to her mostly exposed breasts. Caprice's audit stopped there.

"Oh my." Caprice noted.

Caprice dropped her fur coat behind her, exposing herself completely to Dena's transfixed stare. Her midriff bare, matching silver leather panties tied to her skimpy top with silver chain, Caprice stood there in front of Dena in all her glory. Her boots – skin tight – wrapped up a perfect set of long legs nearly up to her crotch. That perfect V of desire that Dena had been thinking about for most of the day. 

As Dena followed her lust up Caprice's legs to her scantily clad vagina, Caprice closed the gap between them.

Dena's glance walked up Caprice's body. Past her 6 pack abdomen, lingering on her massive breasts. Drowning in her pointed nipples, up her muscular neck, past the moist lips to her deep blue eyes.

Caprice held her stare.

Their eyes locked. Caprice stood inches from her. Dena could smell her perfume. She could almost taste the scent of Caprice.

"Will you do as you are told?" Was all that Caprice whispered. "Yes" Was Dena's immediate reply.

From out of nowhere Caprice produced a twelve foot whip. As the whip unfolded Caprice grasped a length of the instrument and wrapped it around Dena's neck.

Caprice announced, "You are incredibly beautiful, but tonight you are mine to do with as I please." Not waiting for an answer, Caprice walked Dena backwards into her home, now converted to the call girl's lair.

Dena's mind was on fire! She knew Caprice had control over her. Almost a magical power enabled through the most fascinating body Dena had ever seen. Dena stepped back as she was guided to the couch. Caprice never broke the eye contact that she knew kept Dena under her spell. The back of Dena's legs contacted the soft leather of her Italian couch and she robotically sat down. Caprice pushed forward until Dena's legs were forced to spread to accommodate the vision of her fantasy.

Caprice stood then, in between Dena's outstretched legs, and looked down upon her servant. Dena was on autopilot. Simply, anamalistically, responding to the stimuli that was present to her. That Stimuli was about 5'10 and built like a playboy model on steroids. 

"Touch me now." Caprice simply stated. Dena's hands went o Caprice's legs as if on remote control. "No. TOUCH me now." Caprice corrected. Dena moved her hands to Caprice's crotch.

Dena was in another world. A total out of body experience. What she would remember for the rest of her life was the feel of Caprice's leather clad pussy and the hat emanating from it. She began to rub the perfect cunt inches from her face.

Caprice released the whip from her servant's neck and allowed herself a moment of pleasure. Dena's hands on her thighs and rubbing her cunt through her panties got her flowing madly. Unconsciously her head fell back. This wasn't just another job, this was the hottest woman she'd ever seen feeling her up and making her NEED to come. Caprice hadn't felt this way in a long time.

Regaining her composure, Caprice pushed Dena's hands away and reached in between Dena's bursting breasts and pushed the material on each side away freeing Dena's perfect globes. Dena's nipples were harder than they had ever been. Standing erect in anticipation of the first touch. She was not to be denied as Caprice, pausing only momentarily, firmly grasped both of Dena's breasts.

Dena sighed audibly. She fought to control an orgasm that she couldn't believe could be caused by only desire. Caprice paid no mind and continued to fondle Dena's breasts. Breasts that Caprice knew were there only for her pleasure. She began at the bottom of Dena's curves and roughly massaged those wonderful breasts until her hands unwittingly found themselves logged firmly on Dena's blood reddened nipples. Caprice pulled those nipples to the point where Dena almost complained about the pain. But she looked in Caprice's eyes and knew that it was not for her to speak. She knew that Caprice could hurt her if she wanted to, but she instinctively knew that would not happen. She trusted this total stranger with her body and her mind.

Caprice let go then. And backed away a step. She turned around and sat down on her knees, her back to Dena, and said, "Undo my top".

Dena was almost giddy with excitement as she struggle with the clasp. The top fell away from Caprice's back, but Caprice held it over her breasts as she stood back up and turned around.

"Do you want to see me." It was more of a statement then a question. "Yes". Dena answered. "No Dena. Do you WANT to see me?" Caprice repeated.

More the anything in the entire world Dena wanted to see her breasts. She wanted to feel them, suck them, rub her entire body against them. Dena was so wet she could feel her moisture run down the inside of her leg.

"Please show me. Please let me see your breasts. Please let me lick them." Dena pleaded. Caprice dropped her top then. Not a word was spoken. To Dena, Caprice's breasts were incredible! They were huge. Twice what Dena herself possessed. Perfectly formed. Large nipples standing at attention begging to be sucked. There, at that moment, in front of her, stood her fantasy.
