 Chantell was eagerly awaiting the arrival of her friend Jalessa from Michigan. They had been planning this get together for months now. The two of them were going to take a trip to Corpus Christi for the weekend to just kick back and relax. This was going to be a great weekend for both of them. Jalessa and Chantell had been best friends since junior high school, high school and went to the same college too. They were like sisters sharing their lives together along with their life experiences.

It was no surprise to Chantell that Jalessa took her coming out as a lesbian well. Chantell never did enjoy the dates she went on with guys much. Secretly, she had these sexual fantasies of being with Jalessa, but never did express them to her. In the back of her mind she always wanted her as a lover as much as her best friend. So, she decided that this would be the best opportunity to let her feelings for Jalessa come out.

Finally, she could see the people arriving from the plane and anxiously waited for her best friend to come through the tunnel. At first, she didn't notice Jalessa coming towards her. Then, as she looked closer she made out the face of her friend. Her mouth opened in surprise and when she realized she was staring she quickly closed it. It was a startling surprise; Jalessa was dressed as a stud. This was not possible, she said on the phone that she had something new to show her, but she never would have thought of this.

"Jalessa," she called, "it's me, Chantell, over here."

The smile that spread across her lips made her so happy, that she ran towards her to give her a hug. They embraced lovingly for a few minutes and then made their way to baggage claim. Chantell couldn't take her eyes off of Jalessa's new change.

"So how was our flight?" she asked nervously.

"Oh it was cool, but the flight attendants kept calling me sir the whole time," she laughed.

"So, what's been going on with you? It sure looks like you've been doing well. The last time we talked you had just gotten out of a bad relationship with Terri right?"

"Yeah, it just didn't work out with us. Right now I don't want to talk about that, I'm still not over the hell she put me through" she explained while trying to hide a stray tear.

"Good, because I have better and more pleasant things I want us to get into this weekend" and she smiled and took Chantell's hand in hers.

Chantell couldn't help but smile at what she thought that implied. It was going to be one interesting weekend indeed. They had found Jalessa's things and headed for the rental car to leave. Chantell found it hard to keep from staring at Jalessa. She really did look amazing dressed as she was. On the drive to the hotel Chantell was nervous about sharing rooms with Jalessa now, she wanted to come out and ask if the new look was permanent. So, she just came out and asked her.

"Jalessa why are you dressed like that and the hair, I mean it looks great, but is there something you need to tell me?" she blurted out.

"I was wondering when you were going to ask me that question. Yes, Chantell it's permanent. I'm out of the closet. I just didn't feel good trying to hide who I was inside anymore. I always knew that I was into women, but when you told me your secret I felt that I could do the same. So, I wanted to let you know first."

Chantell's face lit up and she began blushing. Her heart felt full and she was really overwhelmed by the compliment Jalessa had given her.

Finally, they arrived at the hotel and stopped at valet parking in front to allow the bellmen to help them with their bags. Then went in and walked up to the desk and immediately Jalessa took charge. Chantell was stunned into silence.

"Hi, do you have a reservation for Chantell Donald and Jalessa Darton?" she asked.

"Yes ma'am here you are. That was two suites correct?" he said.

"Yes, but we would like to change it to one suite please." she replied.

"No problem, that can be arranged ladies."

After he changed the reservation, he handed them two keys and sent a bellman to help them to their room. Chantell was nervous in the elevator ride, but Jalessa, noticed her demeanor and took her hand and squeezed it for comfort. She felt heat rising inside her body unexpectedly.

"Here you are ladies, the Goddess Suite. If you need anything please don't hesitate to call my name is Jeff, have a pleasant stay with us." He said.

Jalessa gave the young bellman a tip and he left with a thank you. Then she turned and said, "Damn girl, you really look good. Come here Chantell." Excitedly she went into the embrace.

"I've been thinking about you a lot lately. When you told me about what happened with Terri, I just wanted to rush right to you and take care of you. I never want you to feel that way again. I know it's too soon, but give me some time." Jalessa explained with sincerity.

"I've always wanted you Jalessa, but it seemed like we were just suppose to be friends and nothing more. Now you want to be with me and I don't know how to react to that." Chantell replied softly.

"Then don't think about it now, just wait until this weekend is over. Here let me show you how much I want to be with you." Jalessa leaned in and began kissing Chantell on the lips. Moving her mouth slowly over her face lovingly, caressing her neck, while holding her firmly in her arms.

Chantell's body began melting into Jalessa's, as if she was sinking down into the carpet. Jalessa began walking backwards towards the bedroom, Chantell couldn't believe it. She was nervous, so, she paused before they reached the bed a moment.

"Jalessa, is this what you really want?" she said almost on a breathless whisper.

"Yea Chantell, I've been wanting you for as long as I've known you."

"Ok, then I want it too."

Jalessa began sliding off her blouse slowly over her head then bent down to unzip her skirt. Chantell was so nervous, of course they had seen each other without clothes on before, but they were much younger then. This was so completely new to her. Chantell wasn't sure what would happen, she only realized that once they took this step nothing would ever be the same again.

"Are you ok Chan?" Jalessa wondered and Chantell nodded yes and smiled in answer to her question.

"Lie down and just let me take you to ecstasy baby," and she did just that.

Jalessa slowly freed her breasts from the bra and held them in her hands feeling their weight. She brought her mouth down to her right nipple and began sucking. Chantell moaned with pleasure as she did this, it felt like heaven to have her giving such wonderful sensations. While she sucked on one nipple she began rubbing the other nipple between her fingers, Chantell let out another moan. Her moaning was turning Jalessa on in so many ways. Before things got too heavy with passion she stood and began taking off her clothes as well. Her jacket came first, next was her wife-beater, then came her pants but she left on her sports-bra and boxer-briefs. 

Jalessa took a moment to rummage through her bag for something, moments later she came back with a harness, strap-on dildo and lubrication. Chantell's eyes went wide; she couldn't believe what she was seeing, Jalessa really had changed.

She stripped out of the sports-bra and briefs and put on her harness and strap-on and came back onto the bed lying next to Chantell with a big smile.

"You ready for me baby? I've been way past waiting for you," she said.

"I have to admit I'm a little nervous, but I'm ready for anything with you," Chantell pulled Jalessa's face to her for a long passionate kiss to prove it.

Warm hands were all over her body and it was like torture. They were massaging and kneading and everywhere she touched left a hot trail. Jalessa went down her body kissing and licking from her head to her toes. Chantell was in heaven and there was only one way to go, up. So, she just soared with the feelings and the ride. She felt Jalessa nibble and bite on her thighs it was bringing her close to the edge and she wasn't going to be able to take it for much longer. 

When she felt a finger sliding into her pussy her back arched off the bed instinctively while she let out a gasp. With her eyes closed, her hands grabbing the blanket on the bed she continued to moan in pleasure. Jalessa started sliding her finger inside her with powerful strokes, increasing the tension. Suddenly, the heat felt around Chantell's clitoris made her moan even louder, letting out small cries.

Pressure was building up, and she didn't know if she could take it for long. Jalessa obviously knew what she was doing and well if she had to tell the truth. Every minute was longer than the last, beads of sweat formed on her brow as her body writhed, twisted and turned all over the bed. Her tongue was working overtime on Chantell's pussy and clit. The more Jalessa put pressure on her the louder her screams got.

"Is that how you like it Chan? Is that how you want it baby? Or do you want me to stop?" she asked while pausing to look at Chantell's body losing control in front of her.

Damn, she was beautiful like this, she thought. Jalessa felt her slickness growing between her own thighs and went back to the task at hand.

"Oh God, Jalessa, don't stop. Don't stop! I'm cumming!" she screamed.

"Hold on baby, not yet. Just hold on," she said while positioning herself above Chantell.

Jalessa took the lubricant and rubbed some on the head of the dildo and placed it at Chantell's slick pussy opening. She took a moment to watch her face as she did this. Her eyes said it all, trust, and that's all she needed to proceed. She let it continue on inside of her listening to her intake of breath as each inch went farther and farther into her hole. When she could feel Chantell's shaved pussy up against her own trimmed one she knew that twelve inches was enough. She became rough and pushed back her legs spread eagle against the bed wanting to go deeper.

Chantell's body was becoming one with the bed, with each thrust Jalessa made. She was pumping harder and faster inside of her pussy like it would run away. Jalessa began talking to her softly.

"I'm not hurting you, am I baby?"

"No," she managed to get out.

"Good, I want you to lie flat on your stomach for me," she said.

"Ok Jalessa," she said between breaths.

Chantell turned over and laid flat down on the bed for her she knew that this was going to make her sore in the morning. She didn't care, she loved Jalessa so much.

"Now, arch your ass in the air for me baby?" she instructed.

Chantell could only nod while bracing herself for the pleasure. Jalessa pushed the dildo into her pussy doggy-style. A scream tore from her mouth and she knew she'd be cumming again.

Jalessa continued to make love to Chantell on into the night until they both fell asleep in each others arms. In the morning, when Chantell awoke, Jalessa wasn't in the bed, she got worried. She wondered where she had gone, feeling the soreness in between her thighs she decided not to move too soon, and just lay back down.

"Good morning baby, did you sleep well? I know I did," she heard from the door.

"Yes, I did Jalessa," she answered back, "but I am a little sore."

"Sorry about that baby, I guess I got a little carried away with you. Can you blame me? I've been holding that in for a long time. Now that I've got you, I won't be letting you go so we have some things to talk about, don't we?" she stated calmly.

"Yea, I guess we do baby," she smiled as a blush came across her entire body.

"First, I want to see what you taste like in the morning," she laughed.

After their morning romp they talked and decided that Chantell would move to Michigan with Jalessa and together they would start a new life full of desired fantasies that included both of them. The rest of the weekend went by smoothly and they had thoroughly enjoyed each other like never before...