 I had turned into somewhat of a zombie over the last few months , working constantly and moving more product than I had in years , not that I needed the money or the rush of a constant danger of rivals or being caught by the feds.

I had done it for the distraction, to keep myself busy and from being alone with my gorgeous, brunette banker.

It was a pathetic attempt I knew that, just like I knew that Rachael would not abide by my decision to end our affair so abruptly.

We had easily slipped back into business mode of strictly laundering money, which consisted of late night money counts and seeing one another at occasional social functions. 

But underneath the inane conversation and false put ons , I knew she was waiting patiently for just the right moment to try and explain why she had married the district attorney , the only person in town I didn't have in my pocket , that I couldn't control by either money or fear .

So I had worked and avoided being completely alone with her , someone was always with me lately whether it was , my best friend and business partner Becca , or my ever present bodyguard Buzz or another bodyguard , none of them knowing they were just a buffer for the thick , still growing sexual tension between myself and the banker .

Tonight would be a different story, Becca my faithful best friend had blown me off for dinner with a new beau, Buzz had the night off, because he had been working security for me five days straight and needed the rest, and any of the other bikers that I hired as security would have stood out at the Chatham Country Club like a hooker in church.

Seasoned felons mingling among Savannah's social elite was laughable but also to me it seemed hypocritical , because over half the well dressed, wealthy people in the exclusive members only club were just a few acts shy of that same felony status, including me .

So there I sat nursing my third vodka tonic and praying for a catastrophe so I could blow off the mandatory monthly family dinner. 

I sat listening as my mother and my new sister in law droned on and on about a shopping spree in Atlanta they had just recently took.

My father and brother were deep into their own conversation about major league baseball as I signaled the server for another drink; my mother grabbed my forearm as if she had some sixth sense.

"Really dear, another ...you haven't even eaten dinner yet?" she pointed out in her best loving, yet condescending motherly voice.

"Glass houses mother." I simply said, as I waved my now empty glass at the server walking my way.

"I'll be right back." I mumbled as I stood to go to the restroom.

As I walked toward the bathroom, I noticed Rachael Harris as she sat down with her father the Senator, who was all smiles and handshakes and her new husband, the district attorney.

"Wonderful." I groaned to myself as I walked into the ladies' lounge, past the antique chaise lounges and vanities to the black marble sink just on the other side of the wall.

I stood, staring in the mirror at the dysfunction my family could create and wondered why we even attempted to be a normal family.

I didn't hear Rachael come into the room and I closed my eyes as she appeared in the mirror behind me I had drank too much , too fast and my mind was beginning to spin.

"Are you ok, Jordan?" she asked, her tone soft and genuinely concerned.

"I'm fine I just needed a break from them." I mumbled.

My eyes locked on hers; she looked stunning in the white pantsuit she wore. 

Her shoulder length brunette hair was loose and wild and I could tell by how she was looking at me that I was about to be knee deep in a situation with her.

"I miss you." ... it has been months and I am trying to respect your choice. "She said softly as she stepped toward me.

I could feel my pulse immediately quicken, and I suddenly could not concentrate.



I turned around , which I quickly realized was a mistake , it put us face to face giving her a full view of the little black dress I was wearing.

"I miss fucking you." she whispered her eyes roaming my body, as she slipped both of her hands slowly up my arms, her fingers teasing my skin.

"We can't do this ...not anymore." I said quietly looking away from those hypnotic green eyes.

" Your avoiding being alone with me.......... , so don't tell me you don't miss this ." she said leaning fully into me , pushing me back against the marble counter top , making our bodies mold together perfectly , like we were meant to be doing this . 

Familiar hands drifted lazily from my hips up my sides to cup my breasts through the thin , soft material of the barely there dress I had chosen, her soft lips pulled me into a slow lingering kiss , her body pushed into mine deliciously and I was lost .

Lost in the feel of her perfect lips and teasing tongue, lost in the feel of her thigh between my legs, my hands moved instinctually, sliding the dress up as we began to move against one another.

I didn't hear the entrance door to the lounge open because I was so lost in the moment , when she suddenly pulled back from me with a lecherous grin I was angry , not at her but at myself for being so weak and letting her prove her point.

Whoever had come in had gone directly into one of the stalls, and we stood there side by side in the mirror trying to compose ourselves.

Our skin flush, our breathing was labored; it would not be hard for anyone to figure out what we had just been doing. 

The Chatham country club was a gossip mill and as I saw Marjorie Brown the Mayor's wife and current president of the gossiping hens committee, come around the corner smiling I figured we were busted.

I stood quietly washing my hands until she spoke, then I faked my way through polite conversation and moved away from her and Rachael.

I was so angry; I basically toned them out as I checked my look in the mirror waiting for the nosy woman to leave.

When she finally did, I turned on Rachael quickly only to find that lecherous grin again and playful eyes.

"We will not be doing this anymore!" I growled, furious at how she could affect me.

"Why not?" she asked, not backing down.

"I chose to stop our affair because it was the smart thing to do." I said firmly. .

"You mean safe thing to do, because I got married!" she snapped back, closing the distance between us.

"Both!" I said flatly.

"We had just gotten started Jordan, and I liked where we were headed, and I miss the intensity you bring out in me, I miss touching you and tasting you." her voice softening along with her body language " and you do too ." she said .

"I'd be lying if I said I didn't, but we just can't." I moved toward the exit door only to be stopped by her hand on my forearm.

"You hiding behind work and that posse of people you try to put between us won't make me back off, neither will me being married." she grinned before she kissed me softly on the lips.

When she pulled back from me, I did not speak.

I just stood there taking in the threat, knowing I would not be able to resist the tempting woman, she left me standing there, still angry, and completely turned on.

There would be no family dinner tonight, I needed to get out of this place, out of this dress and into a better frame of mind.

I left the ladies lounge and made my way to the bar, and asked the bartender for the house phone.





As I dialed my brothers cell phone and waited as it rang, the smile I got from the redhead standing next to me only pushed that little monster inside me, that had been awoken by Rachael ,

I gave her a soft smile back and turned away from her as my brother answered.

As I hung up and waited for my loyal big brother to make an excuse for me to suddenly, have to leave, and to bring me my cell phone the redhead smiled at me again.

"I was going to ask to buy you a drink, but it sounds like you're leaving "she said, with just the right amount of disappointment in her voice.

My little monster was salivating , thick , short auburn hair , gorgeous fair skin , piercing blue eyes and luscious kissable lips , she would be a perfect momentary distraction from my beautiful tempting banker .

"Take her up on the drink, then take her home!" my little monster yelled at me.

"Some other time maybe." I drawled as I saw Jason walking toward us.

"Looking forward to it." she winked.

That made me pause slightly but not enough to make me pursue her.

I took my cell phone and gave Jason a kiss on the cheek and thanked him for covering for me and

I was out of the country club in a flash and waiting for the valet to bring my car around. 

As the handsome barely out of high school boy pulled my Porsche up, I heard someone walking up behind me and turned to come face to face again with the intriguing redhead from the bar.

"Now that's a sexy car, very fitting for its driver." she teased, her eyes scanning the car, then me.

Despite my little monster shouting at me to take her for a ride, I took a minute to take in the tempting redhead. 

I stepped back from her and from head to toe I took her in , very full ,kissable lips behind a playful smile, and a gorgeous body, but it was the classic black suit hiding that gorgeous body and the slight bulge of a gun at her hip that quickly shut my little monster up.

I had gotten a good look at her, and just my luck this gorgeous possible distraction was a fucking cop.

I frowned just a bit and moved away from her toward the driver side of my car.

"I'd ask to take you for a ride but, it's probably against some stuffy federal protocol." I half joked as I opened the car door and climbed inside.

The redhead leaned down into the window as I closed the door, her demeanor suddenly quite different.

"Agent Emilee Welsh ...FBI and yes it would be against protocol." she said quite bluntly, her tone authoritative and firm.

Gone was the flirty, friendly redhead and she had been quickly replaced by a cop with an agenda. I started the car, revved the engine and ignored the shiny gold badge she was flashing at me, she was not the first federal agent I had dealt with, and most likely not the last.

"Emilee... your name means rival, how interesting." I said grinning at her.

This only seemed to infuriate her; she stepped back and opened her jacket to reveal her service weapon.

"Miss Keller, I have some questions for you so please if you would turn off you car, secure your vehicle and accompany me to the sheriffs office we will be done in no time." she demanded, a harsher tone of authority in her voice this time.

"Am I under arrest?" I asked, as I slipped the car into first gear.

" No I just have a few questions ." she said still waiting for me to get out of the car and clearly becoming more agitated at me by the minute, obviously she was not used to being ignored .

"I'll make this simple for you Emilee, no warrant, no questions." I offered honestly.

The redhead agent just smiled at me as she pondered her options.

"Well then it looks like you and I are going to do this the old fashioned way, I do love a good challenge." she said confidently as she pulled out her cell.

"Good luck with that warrant." I teased.

"I'll see you soon." she threatened as I pulled away from her leaving her standing in the parking lot.

My mind instantly went into cover mode , I didn't even know what she wanted to question me about but it didn't matter , anything I did would put me in prison for quite a long time .

My first call was to Bryce Williams, the Chatham County Sheriff, my longtime friend and occasional lover. 

I had been caught off guard and was curious as to why he had not told me there was a fed looking for me. I had paid quite a lot of money to put him in public office and planned to keep him there, and watching my back had been part of the deal.

Bryce was unavailable but I knew he would call as soon as he could; my second call was to Becca, interrupting her after dinner romp with her latest conquest, which probably pissed her off more than a federal agent sniffing around us.

I canceled my meeting, which put my latest shipment of stolen cars headed to the Caribbean on hold, and went straight to my dance club in the warehouse district.

It was just after nine and the club was just coming to life, the dance floor was filled, and the private strip club upstairs would be packed I was sure.

I went straight to my office, straight to my desk, pulling out my silver cigarette case I lit a joint and took a much-needed long drag. 

Within minutes, my prepaid cell phone rang and I knew it would be Bryce, and like usual he would apologize about having to do his civic duty.

A double murder would kept him busy most of the night so I told him about Emilee Welsh , he'd had no clue because she had not checked in with him as per protocol.

Bryce could always calm me, just by simply listening and reassuring me, by morning I would have every bit of information on the intriguing federal agent and would know exactly who I was dealing with.

After the call I settled back in my comfortable desk chair and pondered my evening , I would get shit from my mother for bailing on dinner , shit from Becca about agent Welsh , Rachael would still be a looming dangerous distraction , and somewhere in between I would have to reroute shipments of drugs and stolen cars.

By the time, I finished the joint, any worries I had drifted away and my mind focused on the brunette banker and the aching need I had for her.

Suddenly bouncing out of town seemed like a good idea, but that would not solve anything and I had never run before when things began to crumble a bit, this time would be no different.

As I climbed into my Porsche around two am, I was well aware of the black Chrysler 300 that pulled out behind me and followed me out of downtown Savannah to my house on Tybee Island, the seemingly diligent agent was on the job and, I dared the next day to come as I crawled into bed, my thoughts a mix of my brunette banker and the redhead agent.

Morning brought with it a five mile run on the beach as the sun came up over the Atlantic, a clear head, and a sheriff's deputy delivering a rather thick package from Bryce.

With a bottle of water in hand, I sat upon the island in the middle of my kitchen and pulled the papers out, on top was a hand written note from Bryce.

"Anything you need, just say so.....B" 

Bryce could always make me smile even In the worst situations as I began to flip through the pages that would reveal agent Welsh to me , the more I read and absorbed the fuller picture I got of my new challenge .

From elementary school to this very moment Emilee Welsh was the epitome of a good girl, a character trait that definitely peaked my curiosity.

Accommodations after awards after accommodations painted a clear picture of a very by the rules woman intent on achievement.

Agent Welsh's career with the FBI had been stellar to be so young in it, she had only been a special agent for five years, before that she had been a decorated officer for the Miami police department, at thirty-five she was well on her way to a legendary career in law enforcement.



I believed that everyone had a price or a weakness and getting to the root of the beautiful agent's would be quite a feat, and by the time this was over, we would be either friends or mortal enemies and either way I was ready for the ride.

A plan was forming despite my not knowing what the intriguing agent wanted to question me about, but I did know that we could possibly help one another, getting her to consider my offer would be the hard part.

I had a problem I needed taken care of and agent Welsh had the means to give me that , but would she cross that line , make that choice to help one criminal to take down another?

I already had a plan in order for a rival drug dealer, but agent Welsh seemed like a better avenue to take in the matter.

I slid off the island in my kitchen , still reading about the gorgeous redhead and headed upstairs to my office , I needed to make a few phone calls and decide the best strategy for getting what I needed out of this current situation .

Juan Carlos Vega was a problem for me and many of my business associates and if I could make him disappear, by way of the federal government with the help of special agent Welsh I would not have to plan the alibis and eventual hit on a true rival and keep my hands clean in the process.

"Will she play ball? " I asked myself about the stoic redhead, would she come over to my side of the fence?

I spent the rest of my day holed up in my home office, rerouting deliveries and pick ups, and studying my new interest and her seemingly untarnished law enforcement career, you didn't get such high profile drug busts without making a few deals along the way, and her career on paper didn't show it but her weakness began to peek through.

Advancement and achievement were the things that seemed to drive her, they seemed to be the only thing that stood out as a possible weakness for Emilee Welsh and I planned to take advantage of just those traits.



Agent Welsh had been within eyesight the minute I pulled out of my driveway in the late afternoon and headed to the port, she was also there in the ominous black Chrysler as I sat on a bench in Forsythe Park with Becca discussing how to deal with the coming days and looming problem of the intriguing fed, while having a very late lunch of barbeque pulled pork sandwiches and sweet tea.

I had no intention of telling becca my plan; the less she knew the better and I wanted to keep it that way. It was not how becca and I operated but in some cases, her not knowing anything would keep her safe and sound.

When I'd eventually had a sandwich and sweet tea delivered to her in her car, she promptly got out and threw the lunch in the trash with a cocky grin before climbing back into her car.

When I went to my accountants office later in the evening , she was there waiting the entire two hours it took me to finish the meeting , when I went back to the port, she was there watching, waiting for just the right moment.

And she was there waiting patiently again when I walked out of my lawyers office as the sun began to set and evening was creeping in on us , standing right on main street next to my car looking fierce in her classic dark suit.

"You should have tried the sandwich; it's the best barbeque pork in the world." I said stepping to her smiling.

"Maybe, on my way out of town after you answer some questions." she said sarcastically, her eyes searching mine, gauging me.

"Did you get that warrant yet?" I asked, really more like taunted.

"Working on it, I just thought I'd give you another opportunity to do your civic duty." she grinned. .

"I've never really been civic minded." I shot back, enjoying our banter.

"I'm beginning to see that." she deadpanned, her eyes never left mine, she was clearly enjoying the challenge I offered her.



"I'm on my way home, and then I'm having dinner at my brothers restaurant, are you going to follow me all night?" I asked stepping back from her.

"Yes, until you answer my questions or I get that warrant whichever comes first." she said pausing ..." I haven't had to work a case this hard in a long time, you're quite a challenge." She added.

I smirked at her and turned toward my car but not before turning back around, facing her and smiling.

"Before you know it, I'll be under your skin and all you can think about." I teased as I climbed into my car.

I waved at her as I sped by headed home, happy with our latest round.

Curious as to how far the agent would go to get what she wanted, because I knew how far I would go to get what I needed.

The agent didn't disappoint , she was there following me ever so diligently and watching again , while I went home to shower , probably watching as I walked around my beach house in the nude through the large paned glass windows that covered the front and rear of the house.
