 After my first session with Ron, it was time to meet with his wife, Ellen.

Ellen was a few years older than Ron but you wouldn't have known it. She took great care of herself. Even after two children, she was in good physical condition (though she thought of herself as unattractive). She was blonde like her husband, with soulful, dark eyes.

She came from a religious upbringing where sex was thought of as dirty or purely for procreation. While Ellen had other lovers before Ron, she'd never completely given into her desires and was now frustrated to the point of sexual dysfunction.

As she spoke about her marriage, those large, dark eyes welled up with tears. I handed her my tissues as she told me her fear of losing her husband. She didn't appear to know about what was happening with Tina and Ron, but she knew something was wrong. She wanted to blame Ron but after her last child, her sex drive dropped so low that she just couldn't muster the energy or enthusiasm to make love to the father of her children. Every day that they argued about sex was another day of resentment and isolation. She'd become sexually and emotionally distant from her husband.

"Ellen, were you sexually satisfied with Ron before the children?"

"Yes Doctor....I mean Alanna..." wiping her sniffles as she spoke. "It's just that with the kids and our jobs, I just can't ever relax enough to enjoy myself or my husband."

"Talk to me about enjoying yourself." I wasn't sure if she was alluding to more than some Haagen Das and Sex And the City Reruns.

"Well, I'm embarrassed. I don't even masturbate anymore. I have lost my desire completely. I don't know what to do. I don't want to lose my husband."

I moved from my chair, over to the couch where her husband sat on his previous visit. I placed my hand gently on her knee and looked directly into her eyes.

"I think I can help you. This will take some time and you'll have to be open minded. You'll have to perform some exercises with me, and later, with your husband and myself. Do you think you can handle that emotionally?"

She smiled for the first time during our session. "Yes, yes. I'll do whatever it takes to keep my marriage."

Obviously, I couldn't break my confidentiality agreement with Ron so I had to teach her to make love to him the way Tina had...the way I did it every week when I saw him.

I also had to teach Ellen what it was like to be a woman; to fully explore the pleasures and titillate our every nerve ending until orgasm was imminent. My first plan of attack was to get Ellen to masturbate. I would assign it as homework and when she visits me, we can do it together so that I can see her progress as well as give her tips on technique and relaxation.

The next step would be to have Ron come in with Ellen for couples therapy. I would have them make love and provide instruction, as needed. While sex is a primitive instinct, it serves little purpose but for procreation. This couple didn't need to learn to fuck; they needed to learn how to pleasure each other to the utmost...to make love.

I discussed my plan with Ellen and assigned her the homework. I explained about the roleplay, the guidance I would give during their couples therapy, and then the step that usually concerns most wives: during their lovemaking, if either one is not fully stimulated or cannot perform an act the way his/her spouse craves, I would step in and join them. I would lead the exercise as an observer unless needed for hands-on (or mouth-on) assistance.

To my surprise, Ellen not only agreed but confided to me that while in college, she had a bi-sexual encounter. She'd never even told Ron about this affair because it only lasted a few months and she considered it a fling...something wild yet something shameful (her repressed upbringing was bleeding over into her life from early on).

"Look Ellen, if you want to create and maintain intimacy with your husband, you're going to have to be open and communicate with him completely." Squeezing her knee, I told her "Your husband is a good man and he loves you. He will understand and maybe, he will even learn something about your needs once you tell him. This isn't shameful..." I paused to tip her chin upward, to look directly into her weepy eyes..."Ellen, it was a time of discovery for you. It made you who you are today; the woman Ron loves."

She smiled at me and put her hand over mine. She squeezed my hand and mouthed softly, "thank you." We agreed that she'd confide in Ron before the next visit. For today, we still had 30 minutes left to our session and I thought we should 'jump right in.'

"Ellen, do you masturbate?"

"No."

"Why not?"

"I just never feel like it. I'm tired from work, I've put on weight after the kids, I just don't feel sexy anymore. I haven't had a sexual urge in my bones in ages."

"I'd like to help you," I said as I slid my hand along her thigh, edging my hand up the hem of her skirt, caressing her stocking clad thigh as I inched my hand upward. "Is this okay Ellen? If you want me to stop, I will. I need you to trust me and feel completely comfortable with me and with your therapy."

"Yes, Alanna, it feels quite nice actually. Your touch is much less aggressive than my husband's. I wish he would just be gentle and slow" purring as her voice trailed off and her body slid down the cushion. Her head tilted back into the sofa back, she sighed. Her body slumped in such a way that I could tell she was relaxing and fully trusted me.

"Ok Ellen. Lets try this" I said as I deliberately pushed her skirt up, both hands massaging up her thighs now, moving over her so as to straddle her. I placed my lips to her ear and whispered so she could feel my breath on her ear, "Ellen, pretend I am Ron. Tell me what would please you. Teach me to touch you, kiss you, love you. I am Ron, your loving husband...help me love the woman I married."

"Alanna, I can't. This is a little strange for me. You're not Ron, you're my therapist."

I got Ellen's permission to blindfold her to help us with this roleplay. Once blindfolded, I resumed caressing her, straddling her, breathing heavily on her flesh and grazing her lips and cheeks with my face.

Her hands grasped mine as she moaned and turned her cheek toward my lips. She held my hands to her legs as her ass wiggled into the sofa seat. "Oh Ron...I want you to be patient, to love me not just fuck me. You come at me like an animal at times. Keep doing what you're doing now....slowly, gently."

I trailed my lips along her face and down her throat. Her arched neck gave me ample space to plant light kisses, trailing them down to her clavicle. Her blouse blocked my access to her breasts so I moved my hands from her thighs, up to her breasts, and gently cupped her breasts from outside the blouse. Her smallish breasts filled my hands and I groaned (as manly as I could) as I kissed her neck, thumbing over her hard nipples, feeling her melt under my hands and my lips.

The clock on my desk kept time far too well...and stopped us there. The soft beep interrupted my kisses and my touch. I made my apologies as I pulled away from her but she grabbed my hands, holding them to her tits.

"Doctor....please....don't stop yet. If there's no one after my appointment, I will pay you to continue. I haven't felt like this in so long. Don't stop yet."

I checked my appointment book and found that I had 30 minutes more between clients. I agreed to pro-rate her session and continue. I asked if she wanted to keep the blindfold on but she declined. Secretly, I think she was enjoying a womanly touch more than she wanted to admit.

I sat next to her and slipped the blindfold over her head, removing it. Her hair mussed a little but she didn't seem phased. She looked directly into my eyes. I stood and undid my skirt. I let it drop to the floor as she watched. I stepped out. My practically bare lower half before her. She licked her lips at me as I knelt before her - perhaps from lust, perhaps from sexual parchment taking its toll.

I reached under her skirt, pushing it up to her waist, and pulled her stockings and panties down. I laid them on the sofa beside her. Then I went over to the seat I use when I'm listening to my patients...my "doctor" chair. I slung my one leg up and over the arm of the chair, pulled my panties aside, and told Ellen to do what I do.

While Ellen was comfortable with me touching her, she was not as comfortable touching herself. She slid lower on the sofa so her legs could open widely. I urged her to explore and caress her body; to follow my lead. Together, we both caressed our outter lips, the length of our slits, the area where our thighs meet the body (the lovely hollow whose name escapes me), and finally, our clits.

I watched as her face deepened in a sex flush, while I began to perspire lightly. Together, we rubbed and caressed, watching from a distance, mirroring each other's touch. I varied my pace and speed according to Ellen's. I observed how close she would get, then stop. I had to step in. She would get close to experiencing her orgasm, her womanly right, and then stop. Whatever her motivation to deny herself pleasure, my goal was to focus on moving past the reason and to help her learn to enjoy herself.

I asked Ellen to lie back on the sofa. Her flushed face and sleepy eyes looked up at me as she did as told. I sat on the edge of the sofa, next to her, and as she rubbed her clit, I undid her blouse, removed it and her bra, only her skirt remained, wrinkled around her waist.

I reached for a quill pen on my desk. The long, white plume was full and soft. As Ellen touched her loins, I trailed the feather over her breasts. Her nipples stiffened and seemed to ache for the touch. I kept the feathery touch constant but equally gentle, trailing it up and down her breasts, nipples, down her stomach, over her mound, around her fingers that were now frantically fumbling with her clit.

I had Ellen raise her legs so her knees were to her chest, her pussy and ass open to me. I ran the feather in her nethermost regions, teasing and titillating her. All around her entrances, circling her tight anus with the feather, then tickling her with the tip of the feather at her vagina. Ellen's sensativity was being heightened for the first time in years.

I paused and excused myself for a moment. I put the quill back and went to my mini-refrigerator. I pulled an ice cube from the ice tray and joined Ellen on the sofa again.

She'd stopped touching herself and was sucking her fingers when I sat next to her again. Her lips looked incredible as she savored her juices from her fingers. A woman who barely touched herself, who was hesitant, was now sucking her fingers clean...ah, Progress!

I held the ice cube in the pads of my fingertips and ran it along her breasts. A cool trail of water appeared on her warm, lightly perspiring flesh. I drew a wet line down the flat of her stomach to her trimmed pubic hair. I had her pull her knees up again, and while she masturbated, I ran the cube in her folds, fucking her with the sensation of hot cunt and cold ice.

The ice was melting away rapidly. With so little left of the cube, I began to touch her pussy. I explored her with my fingers, kissing her face, whispering kind words into her ear. I slid a finger into her chilly vagina...then a second one. I felt her bearing down on my fingers and whispered to her "Don't stop....let it go darling."

Her face contorted and my fingers felt locked into a vice grip as she came for me. Her moans were so loud that I worried my next patient (who was in the waiting room) might hear her. Her cum gushed down over my fingers, down to my knuckles. Her breathing was deep but slowed...the color in her face, neck, and chest evened out. I withdrew my fingers from her but before I could reach for a tissue, she grabbed my hand, sucked them into her mouth and cleaned her juices from my fingers.

"God Alanna....thank you!"

I smiled at her and began to dress. "I didn't do anything special Ellen. You were yourself. You just needed to let yourself go, relax. Tonight, when you go home to Ron, I'd like you to think about today and discuss it with him. Get his feelings on our session, see if you can repeat it with him."

Ellen slid her panties and stockings back on and redid her bra and blouse. "I will try. I'm more comfortable talking with you than I am with him."

"Don't worry Ellen. We'll have joint sessions too."

The buzzer went off on the alarm. Our session was up. We scheduled the next visit as a couples session for Ellen and Ron....more to follow.