 September 16th

Dear Diary,

Sorry I didn't write for a couple of days. I didn't come home Friday night because I went out with a co-worker, the one I've been fantasizing about. We ate and had some drinks. I guess I drank too much because I don't remember what happened. I woke up in her bed a bit disoriented and she says I kissed her! Did I really kiss her or did she say that just to screw with me? 

How am I going to work with her now? Every time I look at her, I'm going to wonder if I did it or not. Is she going to say something to other co-workers? Do I look for another job or pretend nothing happened between us.

She always teases me about wanting her. I have never fantasized about a woman before until her and I find myself doing it more and more every day. Does she fantasize about me too? I know she's married but still...

-----

When I woke up on Sunday morning, I heard my alarm on my phone singing 'Happy Birthday'. At first I didn't know why it was doing that, then it hit me like a ton of bricks. I forgot about my niece's birthday party. I was supposed to go shopping for her present but instead I lied down on the couch trying to figure out what I was going to do about work and Savannah.

I turned the alarm off and jumped in the shower. Thankfully my thoughts didn't stray to Savannah this time. I didn't have time to think about her as I rushed around my room trying to get ready. I only had a couple of hours to get ready, go shopping, get the present wrapped and drive about an hour to my sister's house. 

I got everything I wanted at the stores and drove to my sister's house. I grabbed the presents out of the trunk and the one in the front seat. With my hands full, I went around back where I could hear the kid's screaming in delight as they ran around the yard. Nikki screamed "Auntie KiKi" when she saw me. 

She called me KiKi because she couldn't pronounce 'Vs' or long words when she was younger. Since then I've been 'Auntie KiKi'. 

She wrapped her arms around my legs. I laughed and bent down, setting the presents on the ground. I picked her up and spun her around in my arms "I missed you too Sweetie!" I think I lost my hearing for a couple of moments as she screamed in my ears.

She made me sit at the front of the table with her and blow the five candles out. After opening presents and eating cake, I helped my sister, Rose, clean up afterwards while Nikki could showed off her new presents. When we were somewhat alone, she asked "You alright? You don't seem like your usual self."

How could she have noticed something was wrong? I wasn't even thinking about the other night all day until she asked me that. I had to think of something quickly or she would needle me until I told her something she actually believed. "Oh no, I'm fine, just a busy weekend."

She stopped and looked at me "Who was it?"

I froze instantly. How could she have known I was with someone? And that I was attracted to her secretly. I had to think if she was over to my house lately and somehow found my diary. She was but she only stayed in the living room, so there was no way she could have found it. 

"Why are you lying to me?" She put her hands on her hips as if she could smell the lie. 

I sighed heavily. How was I going to tell my sister, I kissed a co-worker and it was a woman. 

"Victoria, do you have a thing for Dave?" She asked. 

That caught me so off guard that it took me a moment to remember Dave was my brother-in-law's best friend. I laughed hoping she would take the bait "Is it really that obvious?"

She did, because she said "Oh Vic, why don't you come over on Tuesday? I'll make dinner and invite him over."

I nodded "Yeah that would be great." Dave was attractive enough even though I didn't think he would be interested in me, who would be? I didn't have this to die for body, big boobs or anything that men usually sought first in a woman. I had the brains which was usually the last thing a man was interested in unless he was a nerd or geek. 

As Rose and I finished cleaning up, she kept jabbering about Nicki's gifts, dinner this week and how she was so excited. I finally had to tune her out until I hugged her goodbye. I was so glad to get out of there and listening to Rose talk about how excited she was and Dave would be. 

As I drove home, I tried to remember what happened Friday night. I remembered eating, drinking and that's when it starts to get blurry. I remember a man, it must have been Steve, picking me up and setting me down. Then something hit me so hard I almost hit an oncoming car. I realized the shirt I slept in wasn't mine and I wasn't wearing a bra either. Someone changed me out of my clothes but who?!

I was suddenly worried. Yet part of me was hopeful it was Savannah who undressed me. I kept my attention on the road as I drove the last half hour home. When I walked in the door, I quickly ran to my room to write in my diary as I thought about it. 

September 16th

Dear Diary, 

I usually don't write this much in one day but I realized something as I drove home tonight. I was so excited I had to share! I remembered Steve coming to Jasper's and picking me up and putting me in the car. Here's where it gets a bit fuzzy but I remember someone jerked my legs and pulled me down on the bed. It was Savannah. 

She was pulling my pants off and smiled when she saw my black lacy underwear. She said something to me but I can't remember what it was. She helped me sit up in the bed to remove my shirt and bra. I remember pulling the sheet up to my chest to cover them. And then everything went black as she pulled a shirt over my head. When she was done, she put her arm around my shoulders and helped me lie back in the bed against the pillow.

She leaned down with me and when my head hit the pillow, she continued leaning down into me. I remember closing my eyes and feeling her delicate fingers moving a strand of hair behind my ear. I could feel her breath on my face, so close to mine. Then the moment I was dying to remember. She kissed my forehead softly and whispered "Good night." 

I opened my eyes slightly and her neck was right there, it was so close. My head felt like it was encased in cement as I tried to lift it but couldn't. I saw her eyes looking in mine and then her lips brushed mine so softly, it was like a feather touching them. 

I never kissed her. She kissed me! It was a disappointment and yet a relief. I was relieved that I didn't kiss her but disappointed that she didn't slip me the tongue. 

Now I am not sure what I should do. Do I say something to her? Was she trying to tell me she was interested in me? If she is, what is her husband going to say? 

Did I just imagine the kiss in my drunken state because I wanted and fantasized about it for so long? But I am almost sure I didn't imagine it. 

I have never gone out on a date nor do anything with a married man but she's married. I never believed in cheating on someone you loved. If you loved that person, why do you need or want to be with someone else. And I didn't want to think about some enraged woman coming at me with a gun or anything. But now am I just going to forget my own morals to be with her? 

-----

I woke up Monday morning with horrible pains in my neck, barely able turn my head. I called work and told my boss I wouldn't be in today. I rarely call in sick so I figured I wouldn't get in trouble if I didn't go in. As much as I wanted to go to work just to see Savannah, I couldn't. I took some Advils, got an ice pack and lied on the couch until the chiropractor opened. 

At eight in the morning, I called and got an appointment in a half hour. I took a quick shower and drove over to my appointment. After cracking my neck and setting up another appointment for tomorrow, I started driving home. 

I drove by the sex store I don't know how many times but never went inside. I was always too worried and embarrassed someone would see me coming out of there and wonder what I was doing in there and bought. 

When I got home, I thought about it and started the laptop. I have never masturbated or thought about buying or using any sex toys. But every time I thought about Savannah's kiss, I felt myself turned on. I wasn't dating anyone and I was getting frustrated sexually. I started the laptop and started searching for toys. 

Good Lord, I never knew there were so many different vibrators! I mean does a woman really need this many sizes, shapes and speeds?! And oh my goodness, the other things too! Anal penetration, lubes, whips, cuffs and the list goes on and on. 

I felt giddy all of a sudden. I was giggling as I looked at the different vibrators. I put one in my cart and browsed around for other items I thought I would try. I mean no one would know about them but me and whoever it was packing them. 

I ordered some vibrator that I could use in the shower and a butterfly thing that I could wear under my clothes. I don't know what possessed me to do it but I ordered express delivery so I would get it this Wednesday. 

I spent the rest of the day looking at websites and actually felt guilty that I called in sick. When I went to bed that night, I couldn't sleep. I was so excited about my package arriving but even more so because I was going to see Savannah tomorrow.