 September 20th 

Dear Diary,

Oh my God! Savannah came over after work and we kissed! But we got interrupted by a phone call before it went any further. So now I have to play the waiting game with her. When she left, I stood watching her go and felt a piece of me leave with her. Why is it so agonizing to have her close to me? Is it just because I long for her touch? 

Do I love her? I've never been in love before or at least I don't think I have. The longest relationship I've been in was over a year and we never said I loved you to each other. 

Maybe that's why it didn't work out between us. We knew it was going nowhere. We didn't love each other or grow to love each other in that time. I am so confused right now. 

I wish I could ask someone for advice or just talk to someone about being in love.

-----

September 21st

Dear Diary,

It's been another boring day at home alone. I am getting anxious to get back to work and actually do something, anything. Savannah hasn't called or came by at all today. I am starting to worry that something is actually wrong. 

-----

I took my pain pills and went to bed. Was it the pounding in my head that woke me? Was it storming outside? I looked around trying to make sense of the noise because I didn't see any rain tapping the window or lightning flashing in the sky. 

I heard the noise again coming from downstairs. I got out of bed and tiptoed to my door, listening. It was someone knocking on my door. I looked at the clock. It was like three in the morning. Who was knocking at the door this late?

The knock was louder this time, more insistent. I didn't realize I was wearing shirt that went down to my midriff and underwear until it was too late. I opened the door and felt the cold air. 

The officer tried to hide his smile as I opened the door but faded when he saw the cut on my forehead. "Evening Miss. We got a call from dispatch that someone was breaking in your house."

"What?! Are they in my house? Do you need to come in and look around?" I was suddenly alarmed. I didn't have a security system and I lived alone. If anyone did come in, I wouldn't know until it was too late. 

"No, luckily for you we were only a block away when we got the call from dispatch. We believe we caught the person. The perp was walking around the house, checking the windows and trying to get in." 

I looked around him to the car and there was Savannah sitting in the back seat. My mouth dropped "Officer, there's been a misunderstanding. I know that woman. I work with her."

The officer looked at me and then back at the car. He went to the car and spoke to the officer in the driver's side door. He opened the back door and I could hear Savannah saying in a sassy voice as he took the cuffs off "See...I told you I knew her. I'm not a damn peeping Tom." 

She moved her hands under her breasts and lifted them up. "Do I look like a Tom to you? I think you just enjoy using your handcuffs."

I couldn't help but smile as she walked towards me with the officer. "You sure you know her?" The officer asked. 

I smiled "Yes, I'm sure."

He said to me "You have a good evening." Then turned to Savannah and sighed "Ma'am, the next time you want to make a booty call at three in the morning, call first, would you? A neighbor thought you were an intruder and called 9-1-1." 

He looked back at me "Or just give her a key to the place." Then he walked away, shaking his head. 

I think my face was redder than a ripe tomato. Savannah took my hand and pulled me inside the house so she could shut the door. I looked at her and I didn't know if I should be angry or excited to see her. 

She looked at me and laughed "Can you believe that?! Saying I only came over for a booty call." She shook her head "The nerve of that man!"

"Why are you here?" I asked but I was honestly hoping that's what it was. Why else would she be here this late?

"I can leave if you want." She took a step towards the door. 

I reached out to stop her "No, I don't want you to leave."

She smiled at me "I didn't think you did." She was suddenly standing right in front of me. Her hands moved up to my face, cupping my cheeks as she kissed me teasingly. She pulled away from me and smiled "Do you always wear stuff like that to bed?"

I looked down at myself. She took my hand in hers and I looked in her eyes "Savannah, why did you have to leave like that yesterday?"

She smiled "Oh Steve's mom called and said she was having chest pains and needed to go to the hospital. Turns out it was nothing but heart burn." She swung my hand in hers "You never gave me a tour of the house, how about one now?"

I looked at her in disbelief. "Is that why you came over here? For a tour?" 

She laughed "No silly. I thought we could continue where we left off."

I could feel my nipples harden and my underwear getting wet as I thought about what she was going to do to me next. "Yes" I whispered. She smiled at me and my heartbeat quickened. It was amazing how that one little smile could do that to me. I needed a drink of water. Something to wake me up because I thought I was dreaming. 

"I need a glass of water. I'll be right back. You can sit on the couch and wait for me if you want." I said as I went in the kitchen. I turned the cold water on and waited for it to get cold. I chugged the water and put the glass in the sink. I turned around to find Savannah looking at the package I received the other day. "Uhh...Don't look at that." 

I ran over to the table but she pulled it away from me just as I reached for it. How could I have been so stupid to open and leave it on the kitchen table?! She looked at me "What's in here? What don't you want me to see?" She shook the box a bit and smiled wickedly. She peered in the box slowly "Oh, what do we have here?"

She pulled the vibrator out and acted like she was just shocked that I could have something like this. She saw the butterfly one and pulled that out. "Still in the package? Not even used yet? We have to fix that." She got up and used the scissors to open both packages. I just stood there mortified but anxious for her to use them on me. 

Once they were out, she held them in her hands "I think we are going to need your bed for this." I was still waiting to wake from the dream as I led her upstairs to my bedroom. When I opened the door I looked at the bed I stopped about halfway to turn around and look at Savannah. 

She whispered "Lie on the bed for me."

I walked slowly towards the bed and when I felt the bed hit my legs, I turned around and crawled on the bed, turning to lie on my back. She crawled on the bed next to me, lying on her side. She moved her fingernails across my skin and the band of my underwear. 

She kissed my lips. And the moment I've been dying for...The tip of her tongue slid between her lips and mine, moving from side to side slowly. I let mine slide out to touch hers as her hand moved on top of my underwear. 

Her hand slid up and down slowly as our kiss grew more passionate and our tongues explored each other's mouths. I moaned in her mouth as her hand stopped. She hooked her fingers in my wet underwear, massaging me slowly in circles. 

My hips ground into the bed as she massaged and kissed me. She finally broke the kiss and looked down at me. Her fingers moved to the side of my underwear and then underneath. 

I cried out as I felt her fingers massaging me again but this time without something between us. She teased my hole with her finger, circling around it but not moving it in. "You are so nice and wet."

I swallowed as I moved my hand up to her breast. I put my hand over her right breast, cupping it in my hand before I squeezed it gently. She closed her eyes and moaned softly, her fingertip sliding inside me. I cried out and she slid it out, circling it again. "No, don't stop...Please..." I said breathlessly. 

She moved her head down and whispered in my ear "When you please me, you can have more." 

I asked "What can I" She pulled her hand out of my underwear and touched my lips. "Shh...You figure it out." She ran it across my lips slowly and slid it in my mouth. 

When her finger slid in my mouth, I could taste myself as I sucked on her finger. I hoped this would please her and she would move her finger down there again but she didn't. 

I looked at her trying to figure out what she wanted. My hand moved to the top button on her shirt. I had a hard time undoing it at first but then as I moved down each button they came undone faster. 

As I undid her buttons, her fingertip moved down my neck, body and stomach so slowly. I pushed her shirt to the side exposing her ample breasts. She was wearing a white lace bra and I could see her erect nipples barely poking out of the lace. I moved my hand to it, cupping it again and rubbed my thumb across it. I could feel it growing harder and see it poking out more. 

She moaned softly but her finger still didn't move down between my legs. It was stuck on my belly button, circling it. I moved my hand inside her bra and pushed it to the side, exposing her breast. So many times I wondered what her nipples would look like and now, I knew. My thumb rubbed it over and over but still no sign of her finger moving further down my body.

I moved my mouth up to her nipple, rubbing my lips across it. Her finger slid from my belly button, further down my body. I kissed it softly before putting it in my mouth and sucking gently. Her fingertip pressed against my clit hard and I cried moaned on her nipple. "You like that?"

I moaned yes. I sucked harder and her fingertips massaged my clit. I moaned louder this time and bit her nipple gently. This time it was Savannah that moaned "You are so wet Vic." I couldn't take any more anticipation. I pushed her gently onto her back and pulled the shirt off her body. She looked up at me and smiled as I looked down at her breasts, one exposed and one covered by her bra. 

I sat up and removed my shirt, exposing mine to her. "Take your shirt and bra off for me." I whispered. She moved one shoulder up to take that side off and then the other. She pulled her bra straps off slowly before finally pulling her bra off and dropping it over the side of the bed.

She looked up at me waiting me to suck on them again but I didn't. I was in just my underwear, wasn't it only fair she was too? I moved down the bed undoing her pants button and zipper. I moved down to the foot of the bed and looked at her "Did you enjoy removing my pants last Friday?"

She laughed "Yeah, I did. I loved the underwear too. I wanted to run my fingers over them and pull them down to taste you. But you were so drunk that you wouldn't remember it. I wanted you to remember me tasting you, my tongue licking your clit and your juices being sucked and licked in my mouth."

I pulled her pants off and looked at her lying there in just her underwear. She was so beautiful, lying there exposed to me. 

I crawled on the bed between her legs and pulled her underwear down slowly. When they were down to her knees, I moved to the side and pulled them off. I moved up next to her, lying on my side next to hers. My fingernails moved between her breasts "I seem to recall someone teasing me only moments ago."

She laughed "Yeah...What are you going to do about it?" 

I ran my fingernail down her body and thigh, barely touching her skin. I smiled when I noticed chicken skin (goose bumps) all over her body. I moved my fingernail back up her inner thigh and my fingertips across her pubic hair. She said "You are a tease." 

I kissed her lips letting the kiss grow more passionate as my hand rubbed her up and down between her legs. She was so hot and wet down there that I couldn't help but slide a finger inside her. She moaned in mouth as my finger slid inside her. I found myself moaning from the heat and wetness around my finger as I explored inside her body. 

She rolled me on my back and kissed her way down the center of my body. She prodded my legs open with her shoulders as she snuggled down between my legs. I could feel her breath blowing on me teasingly before I felt her tongue moving up between my lips. I jerked from the surprise and cried out in pleasure. She wrapped her arms around my legs to hold me in place. 

Her hands moved across the top of my body, pulling my lips apart as the tip of her tongue pressed into my clit hard. Every muscle in my body tightened and tensed, my back arched off the bed for a moment. I could feel her smile as she moved it down further, flickering it from side to side. 

My head moved from side to side as she continued to pleasure me with her tongue. The pain in my head was so intense that I had to try and say 'Stop' several times before it finally came out. She did and my body relaxed finally. She moved her hand to the side of my face to look at her "Vic, what's wrong?"

I swallowed "My head. It hurts. I am getting a bad headache."

"Where's your pills?" She asked concerned.

"Over there on my dresser." My eyes moved to the dresser as the pain in my head seemed to get worse. I was practically crying and I didn't know if it was from the pain or because she stopped. 

She grabbed the pills and disappeared from my room a moment. She came back holding a glass of water and sat on the bed beside me. She helped me sit up and gave me a pill to take. I took the pill and drank some water to wash it down. 

"I'm so sorry Vic. I didn't know you'd be in this much pain or I would have stopped sooner." 

I tried to smile through the pain "No, I enjoyed it." 

She smiled "Lie back down and go to sleep."

I nodded. I looked up at her and begged with my eyes "Will you stay with me?" 

"Of course I will." She helped me lie back down and snuggled close to me, wrapping her arm around my waist. "We'll finish tomorrow when you feel better."

I smiled at the thought as the pain lessened in my head. Before I knew it, I was asleep and wondering if this was just a dream. If it was, I didn't want anyone to wake me.