 This is the continuation of my special diary that I opened for the cruise I took with my friend Sheena. We took the cruise to the Caribbean Sea to earn some extra money, using our sexy, young bodies. Just in case you did not read the introduction about myself and the events of the first two days on board that I told in "Diary of an Indian cruiseship whore" and "Diary of an Indian whore – Day 2" here a short description of my person:

My name is Nikhi, I have Indian origins and I'm 19. Due to my Indian origin my skin always has an exotic looking, slightly brownish tan. My hair is completely dark-black and wildly curled with small curls. I wear my hair quite long, going down till the mid of my back. I have been told that I have a young looking, very pretty girlish face with kind of exotic, typically Indian features. My eyes are very dark and often are told to look kind of mysterious. My body is quite slim and well trained and has some nice curves too. So my B-cupped breasts are more than a man's handful and very nicely shaped and very firm, with nice nipples, that grow hard and stiff very easily.

Day 3:

Dear Diary,

Cuddled against Sheena I awoke late morning of the next day. I was in a very good mood. That had three reasons. I was always in a good mood when I awoke near Sheena's naked body, I had earned 4.200 Dollars with my sexy body and I loved all the experiences I had made these two days. I even was very sure that I would do the foursome with the three old men again. But one event I had enjoyed especially. I really had been fascinated by my job for the mature, cool lady of 66 and I was looking forward to serving Elisabeth this night again.

Also Sheena was in a great mood and so we ordered some breakfast to our cabin, took a shower and later enjoyed our breakfast being still naked. Sheena teased my pussy with one of her toes, making me very moist.

While we were still sitting at breakfast we got a call from our Steward. 

Two men were playing a game of pool billard and they wanted a special prize. Sheena should be the winners prize. He also had a job for me. An afro-american Lady wanted to have lunch with me – or better she wanted to have me for lunch.

So we could not finish our breakfast (on each other), but got dressed and went to our customers.

Tawney – as was the ladies name – was a rich, black widow of about fifty. She had a very voluptuous, chubby body with a lot of curves. Her skin was really deep black and she had very big tits, that were sagging quite a bit and a big, round ass and quite a big belly too. Somehow I liked her looks. I had never been with such a woman before, so dark and so big. 

We agreed on 1.000 Dollars for spending the afternoon with her in her cabin. She was a very warm lady, quite in spite to Elisabeth. Exactly that difference of my two customers of the day was making me hot. 

Tawney did care a lot about me. She asked me to undress slowly in front of her and made the nicest compliments about my sexy, young, Indian body. I liked that. I tried to give her a hot striptease and we then went to her bed. She was very aroused and very nice, soft and tender. We did a lot of kissing and kind of shy fumbling. I slowly started undressing her, piece by piece, while we were french kissing passionately like teenagers.

She loved it when I massaged her real big, sagging, black breasts. I paid a lot of attention to her voluptuous tits and I too loved that a lot. I kissed them in exchanges, I sucked her nipples, that became very hard and long, I licked them and massaged them. I played with her tits for almost an hour and made her moan, brought her very near to an orgasm by tit-play alone. 

Tawney was stroking my hair softly and continuously telling me the nicest compliments. She was far from treating my like her whore. She treated me like an adored lover. I tried to return all her compliments and was very nice about her wonderful tits, her erotic black skin and her soft big belly. She was feeling very comfortable by that. 

I kissed down her soft, big belly, letting my lips and tongue take their time. I kissed her dark black, curled pubes for minutes and massaged her mount of venus softly with my tender fingers. 

Finally I teased her already soaking wet pussy with soft butterfly kisses before I started licking her slit up and down slowly. She got very loud as her orgasm came closer and closer. I pressed my lips, my mouth fully onto her wet pussy and sucked her clit, circling it with my tongue and thus made her cum hard and very loud. I loved it to hear her scream with lust and pleasure. I softly licked her till her orgasm subsided. 

Later Tawney wanted me to kneel over her head and lower my pussy to her mouth. I really enjoyed being licked by that tender, big, black lady and while I enjoyed her loving treatment to my pussy I used my hands on her big tits fumbling them gently. Tawney really made me cum. 

We spent the rest of the afternoon cuddled together and gently stroking each other, feeling each other out and kissing playfully.

When I told her about Sheena, Tawney booked both of us for coming to her next morning and spend the day with her. I happily agreed to her offer and was looking forward to please that nice black, BBW lady together with my hot friend Sheena.

It was already late when I returned to our cabin. I quickly made ready for my date with my next customer the cool Elisabeth.

Just in time I arrived at the dinning room. The grey, slim lady with her flat breast and her distanced kind, was just the perfect opposite to black Tawney. The difference got me horny immediately again. 

Elisabeth handed me 1.500 Dollars without mentioning what they could be for. She told me to call her Lady Elisabeth, when directly talking to her. 

During the fantastic meal she made the typical very cool, intellectual small talk. Again not one word of sex. She really took her time for talking about arts, meals, good wine, foreign countries and politics before she rose and wanted me to bring her to her cabin.

As we were in her cabin she told me in a cold tone that I was a rude girl with no good education. She listed my mistakes during the meal and clearly said that I needed some punishment again to learn from my mistakes. 

She sentenced me to a spanking again. I was ordered to take of my dress and strip completely naked. 

She watched me strip and I tried to look good when I striped naked. She watched me but tried to show no lust. 

Lady Elisabeth ordered me to bend over her table and spread my legs. She had a very good view of my ass, my butt hole and my soaking wet, aroused pussy now. Her hands fumbled my ass cheeks for a short while before she started spanking me. Her fingers always came very, very close to my waiting, wet pussy. But she never touched me. I was trembling with excitement. She teased me, she loved it to tease me and not touch me. 

Finally she started spanking me. It was a long and hard spanking. She clearly enjoyed my punishment. And I have to admit that I too enjoyed it. Even though I had to bite my lips not to cry and my ass cheeks must have been very red, when she was finished, her spanking definitely was very arousing too, as she never forgot to tease me in between.

After she was finished with my arousing spanking she told me to kneel behind her, to crawl beneath her skirt, to strip her off her panties and to lick her butt. She said it without showing any emotion but I knew how aroused she was and I could smell her pussy juices, could feel the wetness her panties when I rolled them down her slender legs. 

It was quite dark beneath her skirt, so that I again could not see her nakedness. Her ass was smelling really good. She was freshly showered and had even used some perfume. She was a perfect lady. She spread her legs a bit and leaned forward to give me good access. 

Lady Elisabeth started telling me about how to behave around upper class people, about how to behave at a fine meal. She was talking like a teacher, not showing any lustful emotion, while I eagerly licked her ass. I kissed her cheeks, licked up and down between her cheeks and circled her butt hole with my tongue. I licked her as good as I could, did everything to serve, to please her ass. 

I heard no moan of her. She just kept talking but I felt her cum. I was proud of myself to have made the fine Lady cum. And I kept licking. Three times I brought her to an orgasm by licking her ass this night.

She tried to show no emotion when I was ordered to crawl out of her skirt again, but I could see that she was exhausted from cumming. 

Before she ordered me to leave she opened her blouse for a very short moment, lifted her bra at one side. Her nipple was thin but very long and rock hard. It was a wonderful contrast to her flat, mature breast. She pressed me face against her breast and let me suck her nipple for half a minute. Then she pushed my head away again and closed her blouse again.

When I left she told me that I should bring my friend Sheena tomorrow and introduce her to her. She gave me 3.000 Dollars in advance for both of us. 

I was burning hot and aroused when I arrived in my cabin. I had my fingers in my pussy, pleasuring myself before I even reached my bed.

For the rest of this weekly cruise Sheena and I had two fixed customers. We spent the days with the BBW black, soft and loving Tawney and spent the nights being taught lessons by the cold, slim, grey-haired Lady Elisabeth in the nights. We earned a lot of money being whores in this week – and we had a lot of lustful fun too. 

Feedback, Votings and Comments are very, very welcome!!