 After looking around in the remaining rooms on the ground floor (the downstairs bathroom, dining room, and home office) she'd gone up a flight of stairs to the first floor. Beth had been worried that crawling around would begin to hurt her knees after a while, but she needn't have even thought about it, she realized. The entire floor was swathed in a thick and cushiony, light brown carpeting. Some doors were closed and to open them she would have sit up on her knees. She didn't know if she was allowed to do that so she didn't. Better safe than sorry. The first open door she came across was a library. Curiosity almost consuming her, Beth entered the room, on hands and knees, of course. She crawled through stack after stack, shelves of books, categorized by subject, genre, and author name. It must have taken Olivia a long time to build up a library this impressive, she thought, pleased that Olivia seemed to be everything she had made herself out to be online. After all, the last thing Beth had wanted was another wash up "date" with someone who didn't even have real interest in her besides having someone to boss around. That was why she was even still a virgin. 

Beth had long ago come to the conclusion that virginity was not a big deal and losing it shouldn't be some long sought relief, but that didn't mean that she was just going to give it up. Old habits die hard, after all. She glanced at the small pasted labels on the shelves, searching for a specific genre. When she found it, she gasped. It was much larger than she'd thought it would be, if Olivia was even the type to have something like an erotic selection in her personal library. But she did seem the type to Beth. She seemed to be the type of woman who was free with her sexuality, free with her thoughts and feelings. Someone who was strong, strong enough to take someone else under her wing. Strong enough to be everything Beth had wished and prayed for. 

Olivia's selection of erotic literature was absolutely delectable and Beth had an overbearing inclination to just sit and read until her eyes were sore. She was already tingly from her earlier episode with Olivia and, shy as she was, Beth had a soft spot for well written erotica. Soft spot may be too mild a phrase; she adored it and spotted many familiar titles that she knew could have her bubbling over very soon. Alas, it was her sense of politeness that got the best of her and after another few moments contemplating the titles, Beth felt it was time to move on to another room. With a sigh, she crawled out of the room, giving it one last look over her shoulder before she moved on down the hallway. 

The next room sported a closed door and so Beth avoided it and crawled on further to the next open door. As the crack was not wide enough for her to crawl through, she pressed her face in to the gap and pushed forward so that the door swung open and she could enter. This room was a room unlike any she had seen before. She must normally keep it locked when she has guests, Beth thought as she stared at the multiple paintings and full sized photographs littering the room and mounted upon the walls. It was some kind of artists work room, maybe a show room, even. 

Beth was amazed at the amount of detail and even more struck by the emotion in every one of the pieces. There were a couple that were almost like regular women, beautiful women, but regular portraits. Those were the minority. The remainder of the pieces all centered around two women: one who was the dominant and one who was the submissive. However these were not pornographic pieces and in fact there was very little nudity in them. It was the poses the women held themselves that told the story. Beth could see passion in the eyes of one woman who was kneeling with her counterpart's foot cradled in her soft hands, her lips only about an inch from her toes and she could see the love in the eyes of another woman who gripped a painful looking hand full of her submissive's hair while her other hand grasped a pale nipple. She doubted that she had ever been affected by any other work of art as soundly as these photos and paintings struck a cord in heart. 

Though she felt almost frozen to the very spot of carpet on which she knelt, Beth remembered two more open doors in the hallway and desperately wanted to see what else Olivia could be hiding in her wonderful home. Unfortunately it seemed that the wonders of Olivia's home were done and all Beth found in the remaining two rooms was an empty spare room and another bathroom. Thus she'd determined that the bedroom had to be one of the two doors that had their doors closed. A nosiness she'd not known before burning within her, Beth crawled over to the door nearest to her and furthest from the stairs. She knelt up and grasped the knob in her hand. It felt a little strange to be using her hands when she'd not even thought about it for so long. The door was locked.  

"Find anything interesting?" Beth squeaked and jumped. She whirled around to find Olivia, seemingly taller than before, standing only a couple of feet behind her. "You weren't, by any chance, trying to get into my bedroom... were you?" Though there was a partially amused smile lighting her face, Beth could hear the hard tone of her voice and felt a quick jolt of fear run through her. Fear and arousal, for sure, but fear was at the top. She had no idea if she was supposed to answer or not and just shook her head. Silently Olivia strode forward. She grasped a hand full of Beth's closely cut hair and wrenched her head back, exposing her neck and forcing her to meet Olivia's eyes. Beth's breathing was coming in short pants now and she didn't know what to do or how to respond. Olivia leaned down and pressed her mouth to her pet's ear and whispered. "I think you were. You disobeyed, didn't you?" And then she bit down on Beth's ear and tugged at it. Then, in an even lower whisper, "You want to be punished, don't you?"

Beth was whimpering now. She couldn't form the words to defend herself or to beg clemency. She couldn't think at all, actually. The only thing she could do was try and hold back the moan that was working it's way up her throat. Beth could feel Olivia's smile against her ear, her hot breath down the back of her neck and she could feel her sex clench. Olivia took pity on her nervous new puppy and let her go. Beth, on her hands and knees still, could make no move forward or backward. She could not utter a sound except for the now loud gulps of air she was taking in, an effort to calm her racing heart which she thought might burst from her chest at any moment. Meanwhile Olivia was the epitome of calm, cool, and collected. Feeling as if she'd given her pet substantial activity for now, she announced, in a perfectly normal voice, "Well, dinner's ready. That's why I came looking for you. Come along, pup." With that, she turned and walked away, disappearing down the stairs without another word. Beth just watched her go, wondering what she'd really gotten herself in to with this woman. 

It took her another couple minutes, long enough for Olivia to get fed up and shout up the stairs for her. She sounded annoyed and Beth realized that she probably didn't want an annoyed Olivia on her hands... or anywhere else on her body, for that matter, and hurried down. She took Olivia's comment of 'pup' to mean that she was still to be on hand and knee, which made it slightly more difficult to get back down the stairs, but she was down in a matter of minutes and very excited to see what would happen next. She crawled along into the dining room where there were two eating places set up. One was at the table, where Olivia was already sitting, though she'd not yet started eating, and the other was right next to her, but on the floor, which is where Beth crawled to. 

Her place setting was almost identical to Olivia's with the exception that she had no eating utensils and that her food, while the same meal as Olivia's, was in a dog's bowl and chopped into manageable pieces so that she would be able to eat well. Also, instead of a glass of water she noticed the bowl she would be required to drink from. And then she noticed that the dog bowl was actually inscribed with her name. While some might have been appalled at all that had occurred, it made Beth incredibly, unreasonably happy. She looked up at Olivia, who was studying her reaction with interest. "I thought it might be something you'd like. Now eat." Olivia smiled. Beth barked her thanks and Olivia's smile widened. And then they both dug in. 

Olivia had cooked up a delicious meal of steak, potatoes, and broccoli with all the toppings and Beth loved it. She ate everything in her bowl, even going so far as to lick it clean, much to Olivia's delight. In the end, Olivia found herself unable to eat the last delectable bite of her steak and, not one to waste food, whistled to Beth, whose eyes shot up. Olivia laughed at her eagerness and gestured for Beth to eat the piece of steak from her open hand. Beth happily devoured the meat and licked Olivia's hand clean for good measure before she began nibbling on her fingers. Olivia laughed again and then groaned, her other hand on her stomach. She stood and picked up Beth's bowls and set them on the counter in the kitchen and then tidied up a bit. All the while, Beth lazily crawled in to the living room and lay down on the carpet. She felt so incredibly full. She didn't realize that she'd fallen asleep until she felt Olivia shake her awake. 

"Darling, wake up." Olivia gently shook her again and then began to poke and prod her, searching for ticklish spots. Beth yawned and as her mouth began to close, Olivia kissed her. It started out a soft, delightful little wake up kiss and it did it's job, maybe too well, because then Beth was up and kissing Olivia back. Their mouths moved together, lips and tongue pressing, touching, and stroking the opposite mouth. As Olivia exhaled, Beth inhaled. She moved her hands up to put them through Olivia's hair, but she was having none of it. "Uh uh," she hummed into Beth's mouth as she grabbed Beth's wrists and used the advantage to swing a leg over Beth's body. Olivia was straddling her waist now and pinning her wrists to the soft carpet beneath them. 

Olivia broke the kiss first. She stared down at Beth, lust and dominance and ownership in her eyes. Beth shivered at the thought. There was nothing she wanted more in that moment that to be owned completely by Olivia. Olivia smirked. "As much as I love my home, I think the bedroom might be a more appropriate place for this, unless you'd rather go back to sleep?" She winked and Beth smiled back up at her and barked three or four times before whining a little. She sat up and, on all fours again, nuzzled up to Olivia, who grinned and petted Beth. "I'll take that as a yes."