 We found each other on an adult website, both looking for the same thing. I've always been curious about being with another girl and I finally got the courage to start looking for someone. Your profile really appealed to me so after chatting a few times we decide to meet.

It's humid out and I'm nervous as I walk across the street to the restaurant we meet at. I hope that I haven't over dressed in my white halter top that shows off my 38C tanned breasts and the hugging skirt enhancing my curves. I'm so curious to see what you look like. I've already seen some pictures – sexy ones of you flashing your titties to the camera. You're so petite with your tiny waist. Your skin looks so creamy and your small titties make my mouth water. You're eyes have such a fiery look in them, enticing me. I love your Latina coloring, your long brown hair, your cute little features, your pouty lips like Penelope Cruz.

I open the door into the darkness of the restaurant. You're waiting for me and we give each other a little hug when we meet. You press your little titties against mine and immediately I'm hot, feeling your hard nipples on mine. You pull away from me still holding my hand, and look me up and down, taking in my curvy tanned body, my luscious chest and my tight round bottom. You look back up into my eyes and I see that same fiery look from your picture as I watch you lip your lips so sexy. We stare into each others' eyes so excited to find each other. Our trance is interrupted by the cute hostess who shows us to our table.

We talk all throughout dinner and really enjoy each others' company. We laugh about the unending offers we both get from guys online, and relate to how hard it is to find a fun girl that just wants to have some fun. I kept noticing your cute face and pert titties, and your beautiful smile. A breeze brushes my bare shoulders and my nipples hardening against the clingy white material of my halter top in the air conditioned dining room. You notice and the fire flashes in your eyes again, as you suggest we finish up dinner and take a walk. 

After dinner we decide to go to the mall nearby and walk around a bit. We stroll into La Senza and start looking around together. The store is very busy and all the staff are at the tills finalizing purchases. We walk around the store, finding cute little thongs and teddies. I find a really sexy bra and thong set and I show it to you. I give you a sexy look and I tell you how much I'd love to see it on you. You smile and grab my hand as we walk over to the change rooms. A cute clerk sees us run in to the fitting room area together and gives us a curious look, but gets distracted by another paying customer.

We get to the change room doors and you quickly turn around and give me a sweet little kiss that makes me tingle, before ducking into the largest room to change while I wait outside the door. The clerk keeps glancing at me as I stand there waiting for you. You tell me you're in it and I hear the door unlock. I glance at the clerk as I slip into the change room and my breath stops. You look so incredibly hot in the set as I look you up and down. You see the look on my face and show me that sexy smile. 

I step closer to you and place my hands on your waist, pulling you to me as we kiss, gently and sweetly. You taste so soft and we begin exploring each others' mouths with our tongues. My hands slide up and down your side and to your back, down to your tight little ass. As I squeeze your smooth ass cheeks, my right hand reaches up to your left breast. I slide my hand under the bra and squeeze your breast, feeling the smooth skin under my hand.

I break our kiss and looking deeply into your half-shut eyes as I bend down to lick your nipple. I lick it again as you gasp. I suck it into my mouth and enjoy the feeling of your sweet nub as my other hand reaches up and tweaks the other. I move my mouth to the other titty as you reach back and undo the bra and drop it on the floor.

I sit down on the stool behind me and you straddle one of my knees. I suck your titties back and forth deeper into my mouth making you press them into my face, as you start sliding your pussy on my thigh. I grab your ass and grind your hips into my leg feeling your juices soak through the thong. I slide my hand down the back of the thong, between your ass cheeks to your pussy lips as you tilt your hips back towards my hand. I reach up to kiss you as I slide my fingers into your pussy from behind, silencing the gasps from your mouth. I stroke your juicy pussy and you start grinding your clit on my thigh as I kiss down your neck, back down to your delicious titties. I love sucking them as I finger your tight pussy. I bring my wet hand up to my mouth and rub your sweet pussy juices on your titties. I suck them back and forth as you suck the rest of your juices off my fingers. 

I get you to stand back up and I kneel down in front of you. I look up at your dripping pussy and see the drenched thong caught between your juicy pussy lips. I reach up and lick your pussy lips puffing out on each side of the material as my hands reach up to your sides. I pull down the thong as you step out of it. You stand there naked in front of me and all I can see your pussy juice glistening on your thighs as you spread your legs apart for me.

I lick upwards from the bottom of your pussy lips to your clit and back down making you moan quietly. I lift your leg up so your foot rests on the stool as I slide under you, never taking my tongue off your pussy. I slide my fingers into your pussy while I lick your clit over and over. I watch you as your breaths become deeper and you tilt your head back, your hands reaching up to play with your titties.

I lick your clit gently and I feel you shiver, watching you twist and pull at your titties. You begin grinding your hips, pressing your clit against my tongue. You reach one hand into my hair, stroking my head as you lift your leg from the stool onto my shoulder. I slide a second finger into your pussy finding your spot and rubbing in and out as I wrap my lips around your clit and suck it into my mouth. My fingers work your pussy wetter and wetter as your chest heaves deeper and deeper. You press your pussy harder into my face, faintly whimpering as I suck harder and longer. 

I finger your pussy faster as you start grinding against my face, leaning all your weight on me. I steady your grinding body against me with my other hand on your ass, squeezing it, as I begin to flick the end of your clit with my tongue as I trap you in my mouth. Finally you throw your head back grabbing my head with both hands and grinding your pussy into my mouth. Your pussy muscles clench my fingers over and over as you open your mouth to scream, but not a sound comes out. You come all over my fingers and collapse against me.

I sit you onto the stool and crawl between your legs, kissing your thighs as I start licking up your juices. You grab my wet hand and weakly bring it up to your mouth to suck your juices off my fingers. I look up at you, your pouty lips wrapped around my fingers, suckling. You look so sexy, watching me through half-open eyes. I bend up and kiss your titties gently and slip out my tongue to lick them softly. I move my hands down behind under your ass and pull you to me, reaching up to kiss you softly, and you purr into my mouth.

You reach your hands up and hold my head, kissing me deeper, tasting your pussy juices on my tongue. We break apart and stare into each others' eyes. We both know exactly what the other is thinking. We jump up and I help you dress, sneaking kisses every chance we get.

We grab the bra and panty set and step up to the clerk who saw us earlier and she gives us a curious look. She picks up the bra and panty and feels it's wetness, smelling your pussy juice in the air. Her mouth falls open as she stares at the wet panty, realizing why we were in there so long. She begins to fold them up and put them into a bag, biting her lower lip as her eyes brighten up. She begins to ring through our payment as she looks up at us shyly smiling, and says we should come back some time and she would personally help us find some other cute stuff. She bites her lower lip again as I lean into you whispering into your ear, "What do you think of her?" You tell her we'll definitely be back and she beams. She writes her name and number on the back of our receipt and we leave together for a night of fun.