 Gina sat there, alone on the couch, watching TV. It was lazy day; she just stayed home like she normally did when she was off from work. Still warm from a long bath, she flipped through the various channels. It was getting late and she wondered where "she" could be. Suddenly, there was a knock on the door. She quickly got up and ran to the door. After unlocking the deadbolt, she opened to door. To her relief, her girlfriend, Kimberly was standing outside.

"Overtime today?" Gina asked as she walked in, "You normally come earlier." 

"No," Kimberly grinned excitedly. 

"What are you all excited about?" Gina asked. 

"Dinner," Kimberly replied as she hauled in two bags. Gina didn't remember anything about "dinner" and she quickly changed the subject. 

"What's that?" she asked as she gestured toward the bags. 

Kimberly merely winked at her as she walked to the room. Gina dismissed the gesture, knowing that Kimberly was full of surprises. Flipping through several more channels on the TV, she saw an ad for a local restaurant. Then everything clicked, she had a date with Kimberly tonight. It wasn't one of their "friendly" dates either; Kimberly had planned it for weeks. She even managed to get a day off from work to prepare. "That's why Kim's so excited," she thought as she shut the TV off and quickly ran to the room to get ready.

As she walked in, she heard the shower turn on. "Ah well, I'm clean anyways," she thought as she perused through her closet. She pulled out a pair of jeans and a jacket. She hastily undressed the tank top and shorts she was wearing and put on the jeans and a tight white shirt she also took out. Her breasts pressed tightly against the shirt, which was slightly undersized. She slipped a belt through the loops in the jeans and tightened it. She then tossed the jacket over her shoulder and looked in the mirror, pulling her brunette, almost black, hair back. She gave herself a nod of approval and walked back out to the living room. 

In the shower, Kimberly unusually felt aroused. The hot water dripping down her nipples and clit stimulated her. Thoughts about Gina raced through her head, erotic dreams of her and Gina. She turned the water to its hottest and leaned back on the shower tile, away from the spray of water. Uncontrollably, her hand reached for her pussy. Her hand ran over her bald mound, giving her extreme pleasure. She began to feel the juices in her build up. Her breathing increased, faster and faster. She carefully stroked her lips, feeling the soft skin of her pussy. Carefully, she stroked her lips, getting intense pleasure as she thought of Gina going down on her. She moaned lightly at the thought as her pussy dripped with excitement. Her fingers lightly touched her clit, sending her pelvic area into a strong wave of convulsions. Her other hand instinctively went for her small breasts, gently massaging them. She rubbed and pinched at her nipples, giving her an extra level of arousal. She moaned as her fingers worked her deeper into an orgasm. She rubbed her sensitive clit harder, her thoughts like a porn movie, alternating between them and her lips. She tried to hold back the shouts of pleasure to keep Gina from hearing. Suddenly, her pussy went into a wave of frantic tremors. Uncontrollably, she moaned loudly, her breathing turned into quick gasps of air. Her legs shook and buckled under the intense orgasm. She set herself onto the floor slowly, still shaking from her unbelievable orgasm. Her legs were weak and she was frozen on the floor. Leaning back, she stroked the lips of her pussy to find it coated with her juices. She rubbed a little bit more, shuddering at the sensitivity, and brought the fingers to her mouth, tasting the delicious sweetness of her juice. She relaxed on the floor, under the warm mist of the shower, calming herself down.

After a pretty long time calming down, Kimberly got up to finish the shower. She quickly dried herself and sneaked into the room. She opened one of the bags, pulling out a semi-formal, midnight-blue dress with some black accents. She slipped into it, checking herself in the mirror. It fitted well on her perfect petite frame. She twisted around to have a look at the back. She was clearly satisfied at her choice of dress and proceeded to get a pair of heels to go with it. The heels were pretty high as she was 5'5" and she wanted to at least be near Gina's height of 5'10". With it on, she almost reached 5'8". "Tall enough," she thought.

Another couple of minutes went by and Gina heard the door open and shut. She listened to the faint tick-tack of Kimberly's heels as she strutted toward her. Gina knew this was something. Kimberly appeared in her midnight blue dress, heels, and her hair and face done. Gina was literally speechless. She stared at Kimberly's 5'5", petite body, wrapped tight in a sexy blue dress. Gina took in her luscious features; her beautiful, high cheekbones, her cute A-cup breasts, her toned legs, emphasized by the tall heels. She tried to utter something but nothing came out. Kimberly chuckled at this. 

"Aw, look at you," she giggled, "stunned." She approached Gina and twirled in front of her. "You like?" she asked. Gina managed to get some words out. 

"That's, that's, one beautiful, uh, dress," she stuttered. 

"Aw, thanks," Kimberly happily said, "I was hoping you would like it." She pulled Gina up next to her. "And now I could finally be as tall as you," she said happily. Kimberly came close to Gina and gave her a light, friendly kiss without having to tip-toe. "You see?" she said. Gina smiled and blushed. 

"So what time are we going?" Gina asked. 

"As soon as you're done," Kimberly said. 

"Ok, then, let's go," Gina said as she got up and put her jacket on, straightening the collar. 

"Wait, wait," Kimberly immediately intervened, her facial expression turned to disappointment, "You're going like that? I thought you saw it." 

"This is what I normally wear, don't I look good?" Gina responded, "And saw what?"

"The dress," Kimberly anxiously said, "I bought you a dress just for tonight!" 

"Oh damn," Gina thought. "Aw, don't get upset, Kim," Gina told Kimberly comfortingly. She went to Kimberly and hugged her. She looked directly into Kimberly's eyes and quietly said, "I'll go change into it now." Gina quickly went to the room as Kimberly sat down, restless. In the room, Gina found the shopping bag and pulled out a black, strapless dress. It was sufficiently long enough that it didn't pose a problem with her height but she was uncertain about it being strapless. She undressed and slipped into the dress. She was not a very feminine girl, and thus, she wasn't used to wearing things like this; she always preferred a shirt and jeans for going out. "But today is special," she thought. She looked in the mirror with uncertainty and twirled about to check it. The dress exposed some of her cleavage and it pulled tightly against her toned body. She then had an idea; she pulled her black jacket over the dress and looked again. Now she wasn't worrying about the revealing nature of the dress. She took a pair of low heels and walked out of the room, confident.

Kimberly got excited when she heard Gina's footsteps. She then saw Gina in the dress, and with her jacket on. 

"Gina!" she cried out. 

"What's wrong?" Gina asked. 

"I never knew you had such a sense of fashion," Kimberly said in an amazed voice. True enough, Gina did look quite good in a sexy dress with a leather jacket over it. Gina then took off the jacket to show the dress and Kimberly immediately fell into a burst of laughter. 

"What now?" Gina asked. Kimberly approached Gina and tugged on her bra strap. 

"There's a reason, why they make some dresses, strapless!" she blurted out between spasms of laughter. Gina blushed, clearly embarrassed at her fashion faux pas. Without saying a word, she left the laughing Kimberly and returned to the bedroom. There, she took off her bra and straightened the dress. She didn't even bother to put on a strapless bra. This time, she stormed out of the room, hoping that finally everything would be alright.

Kimberly had finally calmed down from her laughing spell by then and she got anxious when she again heard Gina's footsteps. Gina revealed herself and Kimberly gazed at Gina's tall, toned, 5' 10" body. She looked at her beautifully long legs, her large C-cup breasts, and her pretty face. 

"Gina!" Kimberly shouted in mock disappointment. 

"What's up this time?" Gina asked furiously. Kimberly immediately smiled. 

"You look beautiful," Kimberly said sweetly and gave Gina another light kiss. Gina locked on for a little bit longer than a "friendly" kiss. 

"Thanks, but I think it still exposes too much," Gina said uncomfortably and poked at her cleavage. 

"That's why it's sexy," Kimberly said seductively, "Let's go!" She pulled Gina by the wrist and ran toward the door. 

Kimberly eagerly ran to the car as Gina locked the door. 

"Hey, wait up!" Gina shouted to her and started chasing after her. When she reached the car, she saw Kimberly standing impatiently by the passenger door. Gina caught up and gave Kimberly a long kiss. Kimberly smiled when Gina pulled away. After getting in, Gina started the car and folded down the convertible top. The radio turned on and the heavy beat of rock music pumped though the speakers. Both girls nodded their head to it, smiling excitedly.

Stopped at an intersection, another sports car pulled up to their left. Its engine revved heavily, showing off its sporty sound. The window rolled down and there sat two guys looking at the girls. 

"You girls looking for a date?" the passenger asked as the driver revved the engine again. 

"Sorry, we're not interested," Gina turned to them and said calmly. 

"Not interested, why not?" the man snapped. Kimberly leaned toward Gina who instinctively turned to her. They shared a short but passionate kiss, careful to show as much of it to the men. 

"That's why!" Kimberly yelled over the engine sounds. Gina turned to the men and nodded. She drove off, leaving behind the other sports car. The men were left stunned and the two girls laughed as they watched the men's car get smaller in the mirror.

Sometime later, they pulled up in front of a fancy restaurant. They entered the restaurant and walked up to one of the waiters. 

"Welcome! Uh, dinner for four?" he asked them, assuming they each had a boyfriend or husband. 

"Nope, just for two," Gina responded, much to the waiter's confusion. He quickly realized it and directed them inside. "Ah, right this way," he guided, hoping the girls weren't offended. He sat them down at a table and gave them each a menu. "And what will be your beverage tonight?" he asked. 

"We would like a bottle of your finest Cabernet Sauvignon, preferably French, not the Californian variety," Gina requested. Kimberly smiled with delight. 

"Certainly," the waiter said, "I'll be back with it." 

"Someone has an expensive taste," Kimberly said. 

"Well, today is a special day, you got me to wear a dress," Gina replied as she pointed to her dress. Kimberly chuckled at the thought. Both girls perused through the menu carefully as they waited. 

"Are you both ready to order?" the waiter asked as he set the bottle down. The girls proceeded to give their order and the waiter went back to the kitchen.

Over some soft, live jazz and the hushed noise of people talking, Gina raised her glass and proudly declared, "A toast, to my wonderful, beautiful, can't live without her, girlfriend." Kimberly blushed and smiled. 

"Aw thanks," she said as their glasses clinked. "Oh wow," she exclaimed after a sip, "this is great wine!" After a round of talking, their meals arrived. The girls ate slowly, talking to each other half the time. Once finished, the waiter brought the dessert menu. Kimberly's face brightened with delight. She was up for a little indulgence after the meal. She ordered a slice of chocolate cake while Gina opted for the cheesecake. When their dessert arrived, Gina got up and moved her chair next to Kimberly's so that they were sitting side by side. She pressed closer so that their arms were touching. They both sunk into the delicious dessert, enjoying the guilty indulgence before them. After satisfying slices of cake, Kimberly took Gina's hand and spoke softly to her. "Thanks for coming here with me," she said. Gina caressed her face and gave her a long kiss. 

"I definitely enjoyed it," Gina responded.

Back home again, Gina went ahead to take a shower. Once done, Kimberly followed suit. Gina dressed herself in her usual sleeping attire, a sports bra and some boy shorts. She lay on the bed face down and pulled out a magazine. After her quick shower, Kimberly sneaked into the room and pulled out a shopping bag from under the bed. She swiftly put on a set of sexy, lace lingerie without Gina noticing, another surprise for her. She climbed into the bed and lay on top of Gina placing her head on Gina's shoulders. The warmth of Gina's body immediately got her wet. 

"What are you reading?" Kimberly asked. 

"Just a review of a paintball gun, I'm thinking of getting a new one," Gina responded. 

"Oh, you've got to take me paintballing some time!" Kimberly said excitedly. 

"Seriously, you want to go?" Gina asked, amazed. "I thought you never liked those kinds of things. But, I'll be happy to bring you, although we still need to get you some gear." 

"That'll be awesome!" Kimberly said eagerly. She continued reading whatever page Gina was on hoping to gain some knowledge. However, she soon wanted a little action.

Kimberly started caressing Gina, gently massaging her shoulders. She moved down her back and up again, occasionally touching the sides of her breasts. Gina didn't mind, she actually enjoyed it. Kimberly knew this and she carefully reached for them, moving her hands slowly. She cupped Gina's breasts, slowly massaging them. Gina wanted to turn over but Kimberly stayed on top, lying down on Gina. Kimberly kissed Gina's neck softly as she squeezed harder. Gina sighed with pleasure. Kimberly reached under the sports bra, feeling the bare skin of the C-cup breasts. Gina imparted a soft moan. Gina kept trying to turn over, wanting to touch Kimberly. Kimberly finally realized this and she pulled away, giving Gina room to move. As soon as she did, however, Gina was left stunned. Before her was her beautiful girlfriend, scantily dressed in sexy lingerie. Kimberly gave a seductive smile and pressed her lips on Gina's. Gina's lips immediately parted and soon their tongues were twisted in passion. Kimberly put her hands behind Gina and pulled her into a tight embrace. Gina did the same and she pulled her tighter, pressing their breasts against each other. Gina felt Kimberly's hard nipples, protruding from the lace bra, pressing against her.

Kimberly moved down to Gina's neck, giving light kisses and swift tongue flicks. She started moving downward, dotting her body with tiny kisses. As she drew closer to the breasts, Gina arched her back, pushing out her breasts for her to play with. Kimberly began licking Gina's nipples through the bra. 

"Oh, yes!" Gina whimpered. Kimberly was charged by her reaction, she licked faster and faster on the two hard nipples. Gina grabbed Kimberly's head and pulled it onto her breast as Kimberly sucked. Gina moaned with excitement. Kimberly suddenly pulled back and grasped the bra, taking it off Gina in one swoop. Stood before her were two marvelous breasts, perfectly firm, with hard nipples sticking up from them. Kimberly started kissing and licking all over them as Gina groaned with pleasure. 

"Please bite them," Gina whispered. Kimberly shuddered when she heard her. Her pussy began dripping with her juices as she kissed Gina's hard nipples. She began sucking them, pulling them between her lips, playing with Gina before she bit the nipples. "Please bite them, Kimberly," Gina moaned. Kimberly just kept sucking. "Oh, please, Kimberly," Gina said between her whimpers. Kimberly looked up at Gina's eyes and bit down on the nipple she was sucking. Gina snapped into an intense shivering as she felt the strong pleasure. She moaned harder and harder and felt the inside of her pussy get wet. Her back arched further as Kimberly pulled on the nipple, still held between her teeth and let it go. She swiftly moved to the other breast and did the same. 

Gina hastily grabbed Kimberly and started kissing her. She still quivered from the intense shock and kept their lips tightly locked in a passionate kiss. She reached behind Kimberly and undid her bra, pulling it away from Kimberly's body. She broke the kiss and shifted Kimberly onto the bed. She straddled Kimberly and began licking at her neck. Kimberly tilted her head back as Gina kissed and licked down to her chest. She started kissing Kimberly's nipples through the bra. 

"Oh, Gina," Kimberly whispered. Gina slipped her hands over her breasts and felt the warm, bare skin. She massaged her way to the nipples, which she pinched between her fingers. She rolled the long, hard nipples between her fingers as Kimberly gasped. As she held them, Gina swiftly flicked her tongue over them, getting Kimberly to moan even more. Kimberly reached for Gina's ass, partly exposed beneath the skimpy boy shorts. She rubbed them hard, squeezing them to Gina's delight. Gina sat up and looked seductively at Kimberly, their eyes locked in a deep embrace.

Gina pressed her hips down on Kimberly, their pussies pressed onto each other. Gina felt the smooth cotton of her boy shorts while Kimberly felt the lace of her panty. Gina moved her hips, rubbing their pussies together. Both girls started trembling and moaning with excitement. Gina bent over and kissed Kimberly as she continued the furious rocking. Suddenly, both girls erupted into orgasm, their bodies sent into violent convulsions. They screamed with excitement, their juices flowing out of their pussies. Gina dropped onto Kimberly, her arms buckling from the intense pleasure. They both breathed heavily and Gina rolled to the side to give Kimberly some room. She turned her head to Kimberly, whose eyes were closed but her mouth in a small smile. Kimberly then turned to Gina and looked deeply into her eyes. 

"One more," she mouthed.

Kimberly moved her hand down to her pussy to find her panty soaked in her juices. She rubbed at it and tasted herself. Gina had already rested enough and moved down to fulfill her girlfriend's request. She pulled Kimberly's soaked panty down and tasted it, then putting it beside her. She spread Kimberly's legs and rubbed her thighs, gradually nearing her pussy. She moved her face closer and kissed the sides of Kimberly's legs. Before her were Kimberly's beautiful lips, swollen with arousal. The lips glistened in the warm lamplight. She spread her girlfriend's legs further, allowing her to move closer. She ran a finger around the lips, not directly touching it. Kimberly cringed. Gina moved back up to Kimberly's breasts and started sucking on them. She massaged the cute little breasts and licked and sucked at the nipple. She then moved back down gently placed a kiss right above Kimberly's clit, imparting a gasp from her. She tasted a little bit of Kimberly's juices. Her appetite for it increased and she licked Kimberly's lips slowly, tasting all the juices from her orgasm. She licked in between the thick outer lips, gently pushing aside the inner ones, revealing the deep pink of her girlfriend's pussy. Then she spotted the wet panty she had taken off earlier, she looked up at Kimberly and licked her lips with excitement.

Gina picked up the panty and rubbed it against Kimberly's pussy. She spread the lips and pressed the panty against it. Her finger pushed on it slightly, pressing it a little deeper beneath the folds of the pussy. Gina continued pressing against it, slowly inching the panty deeper and deeper into Kimberly. Kimberly moaned with intense pleasure, her pussy even more sensitive after her orgasm. Slowly, the panty was pushed into her. At last, Gina stopped, a little piece of fabric stuck out of Kimberly's pussy. Gina pressed it down to expose Kimberly's throbbing clit. She flicked her tongue against it. Kimberly groaned at the action. Gina flicked a second time, and then another. Kimberly ached with pleasure. She reached down and started rubbing her clit. Gina quickly intervened and took both her hands, slowly teasing the throbbing clit. 
