 Althea Markos remained awestruck as she sat in the living room of the gorgeous Beverly Hills home. She was sitting across from a potential client who was a famous novelist looking to host a small dinner party.

While they spoke, she did her best to hide the fact that she was intimidated by this woman. Althea was still fresh from culinary school, and although she had spent much of her youth working in her family's Greek restaurant, directly handling the business side of things was outside of her lane.

Catherine, on the other hand, was a real shark of a woman. Tall, razor sharp wit, and an air of elegance fit for a Queen.

"Have you ever hosted a dinner party before?" Catherine asked in a business-like manner. "If I decide to hire you, I'd want you to formally introduce yourself to my guests before you serve your dishes."

Althea snapped out of her trance. Their brief pleasantries and small talk came to an abrupt halt and now it was time for business.

"I've never actually hosted a dinner party before. But I have plenty of experience entertaining guests when I worked at parents' restaurant. My culinary training has also given me the ability to do fine presentations when it comes to plating."

Catherine looked amused. "We're not snobs. Besides, I'll have a maid who'll help you with serving and plating."

"That would be much appreciated," Althea politely replied.

"How would you describe your food?"

Althea beamed. "It's my pride and joy. I'd describe it as a fusion between traditional Greek cuisine with a modern flare of Southern California style."

"I like the sound of that."

"Do you have a taste for Greek cuisine?"

"My publishing team and I enjoy culinary tastes from around the world," Catherine said. "We also believe in supporting young entrepreneurs who have big dreams. I hear you fit that bill." 

Althea smiled, "I'd say so. I've always wanted my own business, ever since I was young. So I'm excited at the prospect of working with you."

"Ambitious, good for you. I like that. You're very pretty as well."

There was a pause as Catherine looked her over. It was a long, hard, unrepentant gaze as the famous author brought her eyes up and down, examining the body of the young caterer.

"I aim to please," Althea said, slightly tensing. 

Catherine turned serious. "Now, may I taste the sweets? Everyone in my group has a sweet tooth, as you may find out. Getting the sweets right is essential."

"Of course. This comes from a family recipe."

Althea opened a small box on the table, which she had brought with her. Inside was an assortment of different sweets and desserts. It was presented the way Catherine had asked over the phone a few days earlier; one bite for each item, perfectly cut cube-like shapes, served on paper doilies.

There was a strong poker face from Catherine as she ate a melomakarona, savored it in her mouth, then took a sip of water. She went for the loukoumades next, eating it without saying a word or revealing her thoughts. 

"This is delicious," Catherine said, licking her lips. "Come back tomorrow evening and serve me dinner. Five small courses. Once again, I will compensate you for your efforts. If I like what I taste, I'll hire you."

Those words sent a pleasant sensation down Althea's spine. Could this be her 'big break' in the industry? She hoped so.

When they stood to say bye for the day, the power difference between them was once again clear. While Althea was petite, with a rounded Greek bottom, Catherine was tall and commanding.

***

Having one day only wasn't much time to prepare five of her gourmet dishes, but she did it. Her finances took a hit buying all the organic quality ingredients she'd need, but she considered it a great investment for her future.

When the time came, Althea was in Catherine's kitchen, putting the final touches on plating each dish. She was dressed fancier today, in a dress she bought from Greece on a family vacation a few years ago. She wanted to act like a hostess today and had even prepared a small speech for each of the dishes she'd present to her prospective rich client.

The plating was done and she brought everything to the dining room, where Catherine waited looking as gorgeous as ever, in a silk buttoned up shirt and slacks.

Catherine seemed to be in a more serious mood today. She hadn't talked much all evening, but Althea was still a bundle of smiles presenting the plates.

"Have a seat, Ms. Markos," Catherine said, with her fork and knife in hand as she cut into a slice of lamb.

Althea hadn't exactly expected this, but she was glad to sit across the table while Catherine ate these meals.

"Do you know what my dinner party is for?" Catherine asked after taking the first bite.

Althea had a sparkle in her eye. "Your new book hits shelves soon; the second week of July. Then after that, you embark on a month-long promotional tour. The obvious answer is that the party is for a small celebration regarding your book release."

"You're very well-researched."

Catherine ate another slice of meat.

"I have to be," Althea said playfully. "I'm sure competition is fierce."

"Would you be surprised if you're the only person I'm considering?"

"Yes, I would."

Catherine took a graceful bite of another dish. "Well, you are. I haven't bothered looking at any other catering businesses. Hopefully I won't have to."

Trying not to look like an over-excited geek, Althea kept her composure in check and simply nodded.

"Thank you. I'm sure you'll be pleased with my services. How do you like the food so far?" 

"It's excellent."

"I'm glad," Althea smiled brightly, unable to control her expressions any further.

Catherine didn't bother to smile back. She focused on eating small bites and taking sips of wine.

"So far, you're on the right track."

"What other criterias are you looking for?"

"Adaptability," Catherine answered in a more serious mood. "Someone who can handle any situation. You'll find that I pay generously, and as a result, I expect the best of everything."

"I get the sense that you mean more than just my cooking."

Catherine gave an affirmative nod. "You see, the dinner party is for my team. I call them my team, but really they're publicists, agents, editors, that sort of thing. We've become very tightly knit over the years and we often like to celebrate together. Sometimes, our celebrations can become less of a dining experience, and, shall we say, more of a private little event."

"So you want me to play hostess?" Althea asked with perkiness. "I can definitely do that. I've already come up with different speeches for how I'd present each dish. It'll be like a fun history lesson as I serve each course."

"No, Althea, I want you naked."

A few seconds had gone by as Althea sat there dumbfounded, wondering whether she had heard that correctly, of if this was a weird joke.

"Did you say..."

"You heard me correctly," Catherine clarified. "If it makes you feel any better, all of my guests that evening are women. You'll be in good company and we can all keep a secret."

Althea gulped. "Why would you want me... you know... like that?"

"Ms. Markos, you're very young and sweet. I can tell you don't have much sexual experience. That's fine, and that's also what I like about you."

Althea gulped again, this time harder. "And what do you like?"

"You're a smart girl. Use your brain."

There was a smile on Catherine's face and she made zero attempt to hide her wandering eyes, gazing all over Althea's lips and chest.

"Okay, I get it, you're kidding me," Althea said with a forced smile. "Very funny. I guess this is my introduction to the world of doing business alone, eh?"

"To prepare you in case you're sexually harassed by someone?"

Catherine played along, acting as if this was all part of some made-up test while keeping that sly expression on her face.

Althea smiled. "Yep. So, did I pass? I'll admit that you really caught me off guard. Next time, if this ever happens to me in real life, I promise I'll be less shocked."

"Oh? And what exactly would you do? Get up and walk out?"

"For sure. Maybe even kick him in the balls if he tried to come after me."

There was a playful look on Althea's face.

Catherine softly chuckled. "Ms. Markos, my dear, I'm being absolutely serious with you. I'm always serious."

It was a slap back to reality.

"What do you mean?" Althea asked, shocked.

"First, I want you to believe me. Then we'll talk business, okay? Does that sound fair to you, Ms. Markos?"

Althea slowly nodded. "Yes."

With their eyes locked, Catherine put her fork and knife down. Then she proceeded to casually and gracefully undo the top buttons of her shirt to reveal the center of her chest and the middle of her bra.

"Are you watching closely?" Catherine asked.

The famous author softly pulled the left side of her shirt to the side, exposing her bra. Then she pulled her bra down to reveal her breast with a hard pink nipple.

"Oh gosh," Althea gasped.

Catherine put her hand down, but left the state of her clothes the same, with her left tit hanging out freely.

"Now you know that I'm serious. Do you want to stay and talk? Or do you want to leave? The choice is yours, my dear Ms. Markos."

It was, without a doubt, the most uncomfortable situation in Althea's life. Yet despite these emotions, her eyes were glued to the breast. If nothing else, she was curious to what this prim and proper woman might offer.

"I still want to talk," Althea said, unable to peel her eyes away from the boob.

"Very good. You're becoming quite the capable career woman. Strong and flexible, the way I like."

Althea finally managed to look her in the eyes. "What's your offer?"

"You. Naked. Serving. It's a very straightforward proposition. I'll triple the price of your original catering fee. Possibly more, depending on how everything goes."

"Can I do it with my clothes on?" Althea asked in a tiny voice. "For the price we had previously discussed?"

"If that were the offer I wanted, why would I be showing you my breast at this very moment?"

"Then will the rest of the group be... you know..."

Catherine shook her head. "It's a semi-formal dinner party. We'll be dressed. Please understand, you'll be well taken care of. And you'll be treated with the utmost respect. I promise, you'll be treated like the princess you are."

Still in a state of utter confusion, Althea relaxed into the seat and her eyes wandered back to Catherine's exposed tit. She also couldn't help but think that the food she had worked so hard to prepare was now getting cold.

Her mind was as curious as ever. What on earth was a famous author doing in a state like this? 

"Can you at least tell me why?" Althea asked, almost pleading.

"Does any of this offend you?"

"No. Well, I'm surprised. I don't know how to feel, to be honest."

"Do you mind if I approach you?" Catherine asked sincerely.

"I'm fine with anything. It's your house. If I'm uncomfortable, then I'll leave."

"Are you uncomfortable now?"

Althea shook her head. "No."

With the air much clearer between them, Catherine gracefully stood and walked to the other side of the table. By standing, her shirt had pulled itself down, covering her chest. When she sat right next to Althea, she inexplicably opened her shirt again to expose her breast once more. 

The author did the same with her other breast. She opened her shirt wide and pulled her bra down equally so that both of her hard pink nipples could breathe.

"Do you like what you see?" Catherine asked. "Tell me the truth."

Althea blatantly stared at them up close. "They're nice. Nicer than mine, I think. A lot nicer."

"Doubtful."

"You've never seen mine," Althea said. "Why are you willing to pay for them? I don't get it."

"I find you beautiful, smart, and highly talented. That makes you perfect in my book, pardon the publishing pun. I'm also very attracted to your youthful energy. You're an angel."

Althea blushed. "Thank you."

"You're welcome. That's why I'm making you this offer."

"Your friends might think you're crazy."

Catherine laughed. "No. They'll think I have great taste in food and women."

Althea's jaw slightly dropped as Catherine sported a small grin. At this point, Althea was peeling back the layers getting ever closer to the truth.

"You mean..."

"We've done this before," Catherine answered. "I've told you, we enjoy coming together and exploring different flavors, whether it be culinary, or anything else which involves wonderful flavors."

Catherine put a hand on Althea's thigh, causing her to freeze.

"How far does it go?" Althea asked with a shaky voice.

"It all depends. And I refuse to tell you."

"Why?"

"Because it will affect your judgment. Each situation is different and I want your situation, if you chose to participate, to be something unique. I always strive to create something new."

Althea felt her heart beating faster. "You know that I come from a traditional background, don't you? I lost my virginity only a few years ago."

"Even better. Your innocence makes you so desirable. Why don't you realize that yet?"

Catherine's hand kept rubbing up and down Althea's thigh.

"I know what you want," Althea said.

"Do you?"

"I think so."

"Then tell me," Catherine said. "What do I want?"

"My body for all of your entertainment."

Catherine smiled, "Is that a service you can provide? There are plenty of chances to earn bonuses and my colleagues may want to hire you for later events."

Althea hesitated. Her 'big break' was at a temporary crossroads. 

This was completely new territory. All her life, Althea had learned to shrug off sexual advances, but never from another woman. Could she really compromise herself like this?

She remembered the words of her dear mother: "A strong woman should be able to take care of herself. No excuses. Find what you like and try to make a living out of it. Be independent. Be strong."

Those were the words her mother had told her after graduating from culinary school. Althea started her own small business a few months after that.

Although her mother would certainly flip out knowing this situation, Althea was determined to be her own woman. To make her own tough decisions in life. 

She weighed her options carefully, and there were only two real options: 1) Present her food in the nude to Catherine and her sophisticate colleagues or 2) throw away the opportunity to make new contacts and admirers within the city's cultural elite. 

Those contacts could be invaluable to a recent culinary grad like her. The reputation she'd earn and the circles she'd cater to could propel her small business to new heights. Surely being naked amongst other women for the space of a couple hours was far better than sitting at home doing nothing.

"No one will ever know?" Althea asked shyly.

"Ms. Markos, we're all extremely discreet. It would be deeply embarrassing for all of us if word of this ever got out. I can assure you, no one will ever know."

"Call me Althea. We're way passed formalities by now."

Catherine smiled and rubbed the caterer's legs harder. "I know this is a lot to ask, Althea, but I'm a demanding woman. If I've crossed the line, I'll take my hand away, pay you for tonight's meal, and that will be the end of our relationship."

"What if I want to stay?" Althea asked with a hoarse voice.

"Then this interview will continue and you'll have to get naked now. I always inspect merchandise before I buy. It's smart practice."

For reasons she'd never know, being referred to as 'merchandise' was deeply arousing. The thought of being naked for this sophisticated woman and her friends would be the peak of Althea's sex-starved young adulthood.

It would be her secret adventure if she had the courage and tenacity to actually do it.

Catherine said, "You're being very quiet. How do you feel about being naked in front of others?"

"I've never done anything close to that. Nothing beyond one-on-one, with a doctor or someone I've dated."

"But how do you feel about it?"

"I don't know," Althea replied. "Honestly, it sounds interesting. But knowing myself, my hands would be trembling and my knees would be weak. That would ruin your dinner, wouldn't it? I don't want to drop any plates on the floor while serving."

Catherine looked amused. "I'll have maids handle the serving. And your nerves will be cute. I mean it."

"You have weird taste," Althea joked.

"Trust me, you don't know the half of it," Catherine smiled. "Here, I'll help you make your decision. I'll go first. Then you follow my lead."

"You mean..."

Before Althea could finish that sentence, she watched as Catherine unbuttoned her shirt fully. The shirt was removed and placed neatly on the table, next to Althea's dishes. Even as Catherine removed her bra and placed it neatly on the same table, Althea was strangely thankful that none of the garments had ruined her food. 

Althea had a perfect look at Catherine's bare chest, and as Catherine stood up to remove her bottom to expose her legs and neatly trimmed bush, neither of them said a word.

In a matter of moments, Catherine was standing naked in front of Althea without the slightest hint of shame. It was the most natural thing in the world.

"It's that easy," Catherine said, tossing her hair back. "You try it. Stand up and remove your dress. It's okay, you're in safe hands, my dear Althea."

It was now or never. And with Catherine already naked, there was nothing to be afraid of. It was just them two; caterer and client.

"I apologize in advance for how clunky this might look."

Althea stood and immediately looked like a schoolgirl ready to be disciplined by a nun, the way her hands were clasped in front of her, and her head was held down.

"Keep your chin up," Catherine said. "I want to see your face. Here, I'll do it for you. You're so nervous. Don't worry, it's just me."

Althea stood like a statue and let Catherine undo her dress. It quickly fell to the floor. Althea was wearing an ordinary looking white bra and panties, the kind you'd see at any department store. She kept the same schoolgirl pose, even as Catherine rubbed her arms and shoulders.

"Now for the rest," Catherine said. "I'm excited to see all of you."

Still standing like a statue, Althea let her bra fall to the floor, revealing her small breasts and slightly puffy light brown nipples. Her panties were the next to go, revealing a vagina with trimmed pubic hair growth surrounding it, and a rear end which was rather plump.

Althea looked ever the schoolgirl, hands clasped, head down, and Catherine seemed like a strict nun (only naked and admiring the younger woman's bare figure).

"You'll look cute with a ponytail," Catherine said, pulling Althea's hair back and playing with it. "You're exactly what I thought. Wholesome, lovely, delicious. If you want the job, it's yours. Althea, are you interested in serving my dining party?"

Althea gulped so loud, it sounded like the plumbing was clogged somewhere in the house. There were sensations in her heart which she never knew existed. And her pussy... How she wanted to rush home to relieve herself.

"I'm interested," she said in a low voice.

"Good girl. That's what I expected."

***

Althea was so nervous she could cry. It was the evening of the dinner party and outside was already turning dark, just like her emotions.

She was cooking marinated lamb and chicken which she had brought over, wearing another nice dress from Greece, with dinner service was an hour away. The kitchen was filled with aluminum trays she brought with her culinary delights inside. There was a maid in the kitchen too, who was tasked with plating and service for the dinner party.
