 During Semela's week off, I keep myself entertained at the shop by playing the handheld poker machine and engaging in light conversation with customers. A half a hour before the shop was due to close, the phone rings. I quickly make my way to the back to answer it. For the first time, I wasn't scheduled to work with another. I was completely alone in the shop. I grab the receiver and not truly understanding why, remain silent. The person on the line also stays quiet, probably expecting me to say the required greeting. After a few seconds I whispered, "I miss you." I hear soft laughter and knew it was Semela. 

"It's only been five days dear, but I miss you too."

"How is your week off?" I ask suddenly giddy.

"About to get a lot more stimulating."

A customer walks into the shop and begins rudely shouting, "Do you carry..."

"No!" I respond immediately.

Again I am blessed with her laughter.

"You know the safe in the back?"

"Yes," I reply. 

We have two safes in the back of the shop, one that only managers and I know the code to and then one that only Semela knows the numbers too. Nobody else knows what is in there although we speculate. More than likely, just business reports and other important documents concerning the business that Semela wishes to keep safe. Although I have always imagined a giant vibrator in there that she uses after hours, but that might just be me.

"Once the shop closes, go into the back and open the safe. Since the first day you started working, I have had to use it often. Here's the code...See you soon dear."

The line disconnects and I am left standing behind the counter wondering if my speculation was indeed true. I stare at the clock and with only ten minutes left, I go ahead and close the security gate. I spin the appropriate combination and throw the safe door open. Sure enough, a pearl white vibrator was on top of a pile of brown folders. 

"Ohhh god," I moan as I pick up the thick vibrator. It was at least eight inches long and so thick I was already doubting I could take it in. With her final words reverberating through my mind, I slide my black pants off and tear the damp thong from my body. I push the papers and notebooks aside and sit on top of the brown desk top. "Since the first day you started working, I have had to use it often." 

I turned the vibe onto medium and slowly inserted it into my pussy, my walls stretching to accommodate the thick monster. My mouth opens wide, yet no sound escapes. Once my pussy was wet enough, I began working the vibe. Within no time, I was fucking my pussy hard. 

"Fuck me baby, oh please let me cum?"

I envisioned Semela squatting between my legs bringing me to the edge and stopping for seconds at a time, my juices pooling out between my swollen lips. I looked directly between my legs and nearly screamed, "Please?" After sucking the vibe clean of my juices, I started walking to the bathroom to wash it, but upon reconsideration, I put the warm vibe back into the safe and locked it. While placing the papers back neatly on the table, I glimpsed next week's schedule. I quickly grabbed it and my breathing stopped when I realized Semela and I were alone on Tuesday night. My mind wandered as it tends to do. "Mistress?" I asked into the silent room.

Late Monday night, I received another call from Semela. This time the number was her cell phone number.

"How did you get along in the back by yourself the other night dear?"

My mind instantly returns to that evening. How it felt to have that huge monster inside of me.

"It was wonderful, thank you."

I wanted you to know exactly how you make me feel."

"You felt amazing inside of me.

"You don't know the half of it dear, but I guarantee you soon will."

I was surprised to hear her hang up. She knew what she was doing to me. Keeping in contact, yet only briefly at a time. Just enough to get me stirred up. I couldn't help but wonder what she held in store for me. 

I walked confidently into the shop the following evening, my hair bouncing in a high ponytail. I had carefully chosen my outfit. My tan pants that fit snuggly and accentuate my ass. My simple black shirt went perfectly with my pants, but this time I only buttoned two buttons. I figured if there was any night I could get away with showing off my gorgeous breasts, this was it! I stopped cold as Semela stepped out from the backroom. Another black business suit, but this time the jacket also consisted of pink stripes. The stripes helped draw attention to her breasts as well as making her appear slimmer. My eyes moved slowly over every inch, every delicious curve of her body. Without taking my eyes away from Semela to see if any customers were nearby I say, "You're beautiful."

The pen that Semela had been holding fell to the floor beside her and I immediately bent down to pick it up. Her hand firmly smacked my ass as she said, "Get to work." I licked my lips and softly moaned at the unexpected contact. The first hour of the shift was nearly like all others. I had to greet the customers and sell, but unlike other shifts, Semela wasn't her usual fun, easygoing self. She remained close by, almost always behind me only a few feet, constantly watching me. After relaying the benefits of our newest product, I went to the register to ring up my sale. As the woman was busy writing her check, Semela came up beside me with more sacks to place under the counter. As she bent over, I couldn't help but look at her. My gaze was interrupted by the woman clearing her throat and I quickly snapped back to reality and grabbed her check blushing, to process it. As Semela bent over to restock our smaller bags, I kept my eyes on the woman trying to keep myself from another embarrassing encounter. Suddenly, I felt Semela's elbow push against my pussy. I groaned loudly. Semela had raised her arm while replacing the bags, her elbow therefore in perfect position. The customer raised her eyes astonished, not aware of the intrusive elbow at my pussy. I practically threw her receipt at her and she hastily left the shop. 

"What was that?" Semela demanded. 

"I, I..."

"Go to the back now." 

Her tone, full of authority turned me on so much. I immediately followed her order and she was right behind me. Before the door had even shut behind us, her hands were all over me. 

"How dare you startle one of our customers, that is bad for business do you understand me?"

"Ohhhh yes," I moan. 

"And your attire, do you really think this is appropriate for work young lady?"

"No Mistress," her hands trailing under my shirt, cupping my breasts, fingers gently flicking my hard nubs.

"Do you always leave home without a bra or do you only do it for me?"

"Always for you Mistress. I want to look sexy for you."

Her full lips inching closer to my own. Her perfume intoxicating me, preparing me to submit to her every desire. 

"Get back to work," she breathes heavily into my ear, the gentle breeze causing shivers. 

"Right away Mistress."

It takes everything I have to pull myself away from Semela, from my Mistress. I walk back out into the shop in a daze. Semela remains in the backroom much to my dismay. Our shop filtered out and soon I was alone. I was deep in my own fantasy that I wasn't aware of the back door opening. A hard slap on my ass gets my attention. I quickly turn to Semela who is grinning a wide grin. She is fully aware that she has me right where she wants me. Unfortunately, a man walks into the shop just then. Semela smiles brightly at him and asks if she can be of service. He informs her he just wishes to browse. She returns her attention on me. 

"Oh dear, you have something on the corner of your mouth." 

Her fingers run along the corner of my mouth and then quickly across my lips. With that, she turns and walks away swaying her hips confidently. I lick my lips savoring her touch and surprisingly, her taste. I smile when I realize she had been fingering her delicious pussy in the back this whole time. Just before closing, Semela disappears into the back. I rush the last few customers and close the security gate a minute early. Semela returns and closes up. I stand and watch her every move. 

"Count the money young lady." 

Her fingers run across my cheek as I try to concentrate on the money. 

"Despite your inappropriate clothing and embarrassing a customer, you did quite well."

"Thank you Mistress. I am glad I pleased you."

"Now it is time to please your Mistress even more."

She pulls me to her and kisses me roughly. My body melts at her contact. She grabs my hand and forces it into her pants. I stiffen at the contact. Mistress was wearing a strap on! 

"I told you, you would soon know how wonderful I felt inside of you."

My eyes grow wide with excitement.

"Really?" I say not knowing at that moment what else to say.

"No I'm kidding," she teases.

She slowly removes my pants and matching thong. Her finger runs over my pussy. 

She sits me up on the countertop and steps in between my legs. She takes my hand once again and directs it to the button on her pants. I quickly unbutton her pants and with a deep breath, pull them down her lovely legs. I stare at the strap on, my pussy abuzz with excitement. 

"I love it," I exclaim.

Semela steps even closer in, the tip pushing against my pussy. She slowly slides it into me. 

"I knew the other evening would help prepare you for this," Semela reveals.

Realization hits me. So that was what the other evening was all about, in preparation for this. Once it is all the way inside, she slowly pulls it out and then back in causing me to moan. She slowly builds up speed and my arms wrap around her and pull her even closer. Her left hand pulls my hair tie from my ponytail, setting my long hair free. As Semela picks up rhythm, my hands move down her back and grip her ass. My body began moving in time with her strokes. Her eyes were shut tightly, the base of the strap on rubbing her erect clit. 

"You are amazing," I moaned.

Semela's hands gripped the countertop and she moaned as her orgasm engulfed her. I held onto her tightly and I was shaking only seconds behind her. She began stepping back, but I quickly grabbed her. 

"Stay inside."

Her fingers run down my cheek, "I'm not going anywhere dear," she whispers.