 From Part One...

After what seemed an eternity of soft wet lips against her inside thigh, she felt Gill lift her mouth off her skin, then after a slight pause a tongue flicked her lips...OHHHHHH that felt good. Her hands found Gill's hair and she ran her fingers through it, pulling her in close. Gill's tongue flicked over her clitoris, her lips were sucked on and all too quickly she felt her orgasm on the rise...she wrapped her fingers in Gill's hair tightly now, holding her in place....ohhhhhh....she was going to cummm....mmmmmmmm.....and then her orgasm exploded inside her...she had never had another like it -- she let out a deep throated moan of pleasure as she climaxed, still holding Gill tightly to make sure she made the most of this indescribable pleasure...[to be continued]

* * * * *

Gill started to kiss her way up Theresa's body as Theresa's orgasm subsided...lips on her tummy,her nipples, her neck, then finding her mouth. She could taste herself on Gill's lips, and it was one of the most erotic sensations she'd ever experienced.

Fraught with passion, bodies still touching each other, Theresa lost herself in the kiss. She was never sure afterwards how long their lips were dancing with each other, but she cherished every second. Gill pulled away and looked her in the eye...

"You don't need to do anything for me if you don't want to my angel," she said...Theresa kissed her again; "You don't get off that easy," she said with a sensuous smile. Theresa directed Gill onto her back then began kissing her neck, hands following the gentle curves of Gill's body. Gill gently caressed Theresa's back and her neck as she began to kiss her way down her lovers' body. 

Theresa's lips made their way up the soft rise of Gill's breasts then she began to lick and suck her lover's nipples. Her hands were caressing Gill's body as her tongue caressed her, and Gill's hands were running gently over Theresa's hair. Theresa got up on her knees, and began to play with Gill's breasts, at times gently squeezing them, others running her fingertips over the skin and all the while watching Gill's eyes, which held pleasure and great affection...

Theresa moved down the bed a little and shifted her legs to kneel between Gill's, gently moving her knees apart and lifting them. She kissed Gill's knee, then began to slowly work her way down towards paradise a kiss at a time.

She was getting closer to Gill's lips...and as she did she ran the tip of her tongue just around the edges, exciting a moan from her. Unable to wait any longer, she ran her tongue along her wetness, then started to flick across Gill's clitoris -- just the sort of thing she liked herself...Gill's hands reached down and held her head in place firmly...it was amazing...sucking lips, clit, running her tongue over Gill and tasting her..Theresa had never experienced anything like it and she loved it...

Gill's breath was coming in gasps now, and she was pressing her hips upwards, rubbing her pussy over Theresa's mouth...Theresa was enjoying this and knew what was coming...Gill took a couple of deep breaths, then pushed up with her hips, grasping Theresa's head tight and holding her in place...she let out a groan of pleasure, gasping loudly at the end of it. As her orgasm subsided, she gently eased back down onto the bed, then lifted Theresa's head so that she could see her face...

"That was amazing," she whispered... "Now come here and let me kiss you..."

The two women lay down beside each other and embraced, bodies pressed together, breasts touching, and hands gently caressing. In the darkness of the room they dozed off for a while...it must have been an hour before Theresa awoke next to Gill's sleeping form.

She began to kiss Gill gently on her lips and cheeks...Gill stirred in her sleep and then slowly began to wake, a soft smile forming on her lips as she did so even before her eyes began to open. As she gradually woke, she began to kiss Theresa, then rolled her new lover onto her back and lay gently on top of her. The kisses were more passionate this time, more..forceful...seemed like the right word. 

Theresa was wrapped in a cascade of sensation; Gill's breasts against her own, their tongues entwined, Gill's hand exploring her body again -- sometimes caressing her skin, sometimes busy inside her...

Gill moved with more urgency...she began to get up, pausing only to hold Theresa's face to her breasts to suck on her nipples, then she got up on her knees and moved to straddle Theresa, kneeling over the top of her chest. She got up on her knees, reached down to grasp Theresa's head in her hands, then slowly, firmly, lifted Theresa's face towards her waiting pussy.

She was wet...turned on so quickly this evening...

Theresa started to lick, but it was different this time. Gill was almost grinding her pussy into Theresa's face, and with surprise, Theresa realised that she loved it -- this lady, her lover, taking charge as she was...

Gill's hips were moving back and forth and she was gasping with each movement... "Mmmmmm..." she moaned... "Ohhhhh...I'm going to cummm...." True to her word she began to cry out with her orgasm, but she kept moving over Theresa's face until her legs began to feel weaker with the pleasure....she moved away from Theresa, then kissed her and began to lick her own taste off her lovers' lips.

"We must do this again sometime" said Theresa with a wink as they settled into each others' arms to sleep the night away...