 As it's festival season I can't help but be jealous of all the people off having fun right now. I used to go to Download festival, I was lucky though and the times when I went it was lovely weather, not like the monsoon it seems to usually be nowadays. Festivals are brilliant for my unwashed fetish, as it's days on end of no washing, getting hot and sweaty in crowds, and just generally letting yourself go. I thought I'd share with you all one of my favourite festival experiences:

It was 2006 and I'd gone with my friends to Download festival. There were 5 of us, 3 guys and 2 girls (the other girl was dating one of the guys, and the other two guys really weren't my type, so there wasn't much going to happen for me within my group). We got there on the Wednesday, because although the band's don't start until Friday one of the best parts of festivals is the camping, so we wanted to make the most of it. We got our tents set up, and started the way we meant to carry on, with plenty of drink and drugs (just a bit of weed, I wasn't into anything harder)

Festivals have such an amazing atmosphere, everyone is so happy and friendly, the sun was shining and we were just hanging out, having fun and getting to know the people around us. We got chatting to a small group of 3 who had come together, there was a couple whose names I can't remember, and their friend Vicki.

Vicki was a typical metaller with a bit of goth thrown in. Big clunky boots, denim skirt and fishnets, and a band t-shirt (Halestorm, which was cool as they're one of my favourite bands) She was quite a chubby girl, and she had an amazing pair of boobs, definitely at least an E-cup (I'm a major boob girl, I'm so jealous as I'd love a huge pair myself, lol) We immediately clicked, and for the next few days we all hung out together. 

I remember one evening in particular, we were discussing the lack of hygiene at festivals. They do provide showers, but I imagine they're very basic rubbish ones, as you'd expect I've never used them so I wouldn't know. Vicki then said something that really piqued my interest, "Maybe that's the reason everyone's always fucking at festivals, the natural pheromones bringing out people's animal sides." Everyone laughed at that, and it may be my imagination but I swear she shot me a bit of a knowing look. 

That night in my tent I was so horny. I lay in my sleeping bag completely nude, as it was still really warm. I bought my panties up to my face and inhaled deeply, I'd been wearing the same pair since a couple of days before I even got there so they were nice and fragrant. Most people when they go to a festival will have a thorough bath of shower before going, as they know there won't be any proper facilities there. I however love the natural filth, so I'll go a few days before without washing, to get a headstart on everyone else, lol.￼ 

As I breathed in my pussy aroma, I ran my hand down over my natural pubic hair, and ran my fingers over my pussy lips. My dirty little cunt was already soaking wet as I dipped my fingers inside, pulling them out they were slick with my creamy pussy grool. I bought them to my mouth and sucked the juices off, savouring the flavour as I continued to breathe through my filthy panties. I slid three fingers easily inside my soaking wet cunt, and began to fuck myself with them. My pussy was so wet I could hear the squelching noise as I flexed my fingers inside, and I'm sure anyone outside of my tent would have been able to hear it too, but I didn't care. As I breathed heavily into my nasty panties and licked the soaked through crotch, the heat of my breath intensified the stink they were giving off. It didn't take long before I came hard all over my fingers, I scooped up my juices and greedily licked them up. I gathered up more of my warm creamy juices, and rubbed them into my lips, then stated to smear them all around my mouth. Once I had coated my face in my smelly cunt juices I put my panties back on, and settled down to sleep, all the while thinking about Vicki.

The next day we were all hanging out as usual. It was the Friday so the bands had started, but there weren't a lot playing that day I was interested in. Vicki and her friends had bought camping chairs with them so they were sat on them, while I was sitting on a crate of beers on the floor Infront of Vicki. I had her legs either side of me, with my arms draped over her thighs, using her like an armchair. I was absentmindedly stroking her legs (she was still wearing the boots/skirt/fishnets combo) and she started to play with my hair. I was in absolute heaven, I love when someone plays with my hair, it's a major turn on for me. I looked up at her and smiled, as I bent my head back it pressed into her boobs, and she smiled back at me. I tried to act natural, chatting with our friends but I was so distracted. She ran her fingers slowly through my hair, then her fingertips lightly brushed over the back of my neck and shoulders, which was turning me on so fucking much. When she stroked my neck I involuntarily gave her legs a squeeze, and I felt her laugh a little under her breath, then carry on stroking me. She knew how much she was teasing me, and judging by her breathing she was enjoying it too, I could feel her breasts rising and falling against the back of my head.

"Sorry hun, can I just get up for a sec, I need to get something from my tent," she said. As she got up and climbed into her tent I watched her go, admiring her chubby arse as she bent to get in. She emerged a few seconds later with her phone, and sat back down on her chair behind me. I started stroking her legs again, and immediately noticed she'd removed her fishnets. I looked back at her and she flashed me a sexy smile, then she leaned forwards saying she wanted to show me something on her phone. Her boobs pressed softly against the back of my head, and as she shuffled forwards her pussy pressed against my back. Even through my t-shirt I could feel the heat it was giving off, especially as she was gently grinding it against me. I looked at her phone and she had the text message window open, she'd written a short message on it: 

"Stay with me if you fancy some fun."

I squeezed her legs again to signal I was interested, and pushed back against the warmth on my back. 

Shortly afterwards, our friends announced they were planning on heading into the arena as the bands would be starting soon. Vicki said she couldn't be bothered just yet though as there weren't any she was interested in until later, and trying not to sound too keen I agreed with her, and offered to stay and keep her company. We agreed to come find them later on, and they headed off leaving us alone. Vicki smiled at me again, and said, "Do you fancy getting out of the sun and hanging out in my tent?" 

I smiled back at her. "That sounds like a good idea, lead on." We went to her tiny one man tent, and as she bent to climb in she hiked her skirt up a little, revealing what I suspected. She hadn't just taken off her fishnets when she went in earlier, and I got a beautiful eyeful of her cunt and arsehole right Infront of my face. I gave her a quick playful bite on the bum, and she giggled as we entered her tent. 

As hot as it was outside in the direct sun, it was like an oven inside the tent. 

"Excuse the mess," she said, she had a sleeping bag in the middle of her tent and her belongings either side. In the far corner was a pile of clothes that were obviously her dirty laundry, and ontop of the pile were her fishnets and a lacy black pair of panties. We lay down ontop of the sleeping bag, the tight confines of the tent forcing us close together. We wrapped our arms around each other and without hesitation we began to kiss tenderly, we had been teasing this moment all day and were both so turned on by this point. She reached for the buttons on my jeans and undid it, I wriggled out of them leaving my dirty panties on. I ran my hand slowly over her bare legs, stroking my fingers up and down her chunky thighs, slipping my hand under her skirt and squeezing her arse, pulling her closer. Our legs tangled together as we kissed more passionately, each of us with a thigh between the other's legs, rubbing up against it. I could feel she was dripping wet already, her slick juices leaking out from her hot bare pussy and coating my thigh. I could feel myself soaking through my panties as well, pressing down hard against her thigh as I rubbed my dirty panty clad pussy against it. 

I broke the kiss and pushed her away slightly so she rolled onto her back. I sat up over her (as much as was possible anyway in the small confines of the tent) and moved my hand between her legs. I ran my fingers over her dripping wet cunt, rubbing her pussy lips as two of my fingers slipped inside her with no resistance at all. She moaned deeply as my fingers entered her, and pushed back against them. I curled my fingers inside her, pushing against her g-spot and she moaned even louder, then hushed herself. "I'm too loud, I'm going to need something to gag me," she said with a naughty smile, hooking her fingers inside the waistband of my filthy panties. 

I raised myself off of her so she could pull them down, but I said to her "I really don't know if you want to do that, I haven't changed them since I got here" She grinned even more and bought them up to her face, breathing them in deeply as a response 

"They smell pretty fucking good to me," she said. 

I was so turned on by this and as I carried on playing with her soaking wet cunt I added a third finger, flexing them inside her. She stuffed my panties into her mouth (I noticed she made sure to put the crotch in first, so the filthy material would be against her tounge, getting the full flavour of my stinking cunt) and she grabbed my wrist, pulling me even deeper, fucking my fingers hard. I could tell she wouldn't last long at all as she was bucking against my hand, crying out in muffled moans, her dripping wet cunt squelching around my fingers. I added my fourth finger (she was certainly no virgin) and she pulled me in even deeper, I wriggled my fingers as much as I could, feeling her hot fleshy pussy walls squeeze around them as she started to cum. I felt her hot juices flowing out around my hand, soaking the back of her skirt and her sleeping bag. 

As her orgasm subsided I slowly slid out of her pussy, her juices covered my hand down past my wrist and were dripping from my fingertips. I gave her a naughty smile this time, and bought my soaking wet hand up to my face. I licked my fingers greedily, deliberately being messy so her juices smeared over my face. I then pulled my panties out of her mouth and leant down to kiss her deeply. She kissed me back passionately, licking around my lips to get her own juices. I could smell my own dirty cunt on her breath where she had been sucking on my filthy panties, unlike her fresh squirt it smelt stale and nasty. 

As we kissed I felt her hand moving between my thighs, I knew my cunt was a soaking wet creamy mess by now. She ran her fingers over my soaking wet pussy lips, gathering some of my juices, then popped them into her mouth, sucking them clean. "I'm sorry, my pussy is really dirty," I whispered as a halfhearted apology, she certainly didn't seem to mind though. 

Then came the perfect response: "It's fucking filthy, but I love it."

I was blown away, I was so lucky to find someone else who truly enjoyed a dirty unwashed pussy. I decided to test just how much she liked it, and said to her, "go on then, eat my nasty smelly cunt." 

I lay down and spread my legs, by this time we were both covered in sweat and the hot stuffy tent absolutely stank of body odour and pussy juices. She eagerly mounted me in a 69 position, and without hesitation she started to greedily lick my filthy pussy. I moaned loudly as I felt her warm wet tounge sliding up and down over my messy sticky lips. I knew I wouldn't last long, I was so fucking turned on by everything that had happened so far. I looked up between her thick chubby thighs, and got my first chance to look at her pussy in detail.

It was nice and hairy which I love, I always think a hairy cunt looks much sexier than a shaven one. She had a big meaty labia, her lips were parted from her arousal and from where I had just fingered her, and I could see into her soaking wet cunt. I grabbed her fat arse cheeks and pulled her down to me, as her spread cunt drew closer I could smell her arousal. I was a little disappointed as when I had made her squirt it had cleaned out her cunt and I prefer it stale and stinking, but her fresh hot pussy juices were still a lovely smell. I was engulfed by her meaty cunt, as it smothered my face I poked my tounge out and started to lick. I struggled to gasp breaths as she ground her dripping wet cunt against my face, moaning deeply into my own filthy smelly cunt. 

As her pussy rubbed up and down my face, coating me in her hot sticky juices, my nose kept brushing against her arsehole. I could smell the sweaty unwashed funk of her arse, and as she rubbed down my face again I grabbed her fleshy cheeks, pulling them apart and pushing her down further until my mouth was on her puckered arsehole. I flicked out my wet tounge and started to lick around her tight brown hole. I felt her gasp in shock, she clearly wasn't expecting that, and I tensed my tounge as hard as I could and pushed against her wrinkled puckered arsehole. She moaned loudly and buried her face deeper in my creamy unwashed cunt, licking even more greedily. My tounge began to slowly enter her, the tight ring of her arsehole slipping around my tounge as I could taste traces of the shit deeper inside. I reached underneath my chin to where her dripping wet cunt was, and I slid all 4 of my fingers inside her, the hot slick pussy walls offering virtually no resistance. I grabbed the back of her head with my other hand and pulled her hard against me, smothering her with my filthy stinking cunt, grinding my creamy pussy over her whole face. I wriggled my fingers inside her, feeling her fleshy walls squeeze around them I knew she was about to cum again, this time I was too. 

I cried out, muffled by her fat arse engulfing my face, pulling her head roughly against my dirty cunt as I came hard, not caring if she could breathe. I could feel her hot juices flooding out around my hand, my fingers wriggling so deep inside her cunt and my tounge forced into her dirty arsehole. As we came simultaneously we were both moaning so loud I'm sure anyone around our tent would have heard us. As our orgasms subsided I released her head and I heard her gasp for breath, then she laid on top of me gently licking my pussy like a kitten drinking milk. I slid my tounge out of her arse and my fingers from her cunt, it was gaping now and I could see her juices dripping out of her, they had absolutely soaked me where she had squirted all over me. 

We both sat up and smiled at each other, we were an absolute fucking mess. The tent was a complete oven by now, and the stink of our passion hung strongly on the humid air. We were both drenched in sweat and a mix of both of our juices, we lay down together and kissed slowly and tenderly, running our hands all over each other's slippery wet bodies. Eventually we had to go meet our friends, so we got dressed (wearing each other's panties of course, hehe) and went out together. We spent the rest of the weekend together, sneaking off for some fun whenever we got a chance. We kept in contact for awhile afterwards, and we did meet up again another time, but that's a story for another day.