 I saw her standing across the room. I couldn't understand why she was standing alone. She was by far one of the most beautiful women in the club. I had just a few weeks earlier discovered my bi "curious" side and had come to a lesbian bar not too far from where I lived. I started to make my way slowly across the room, dancing around and stopping at the bar for a drink. As I sat on the stool and slowly sipped my drink I looked to my right and saw her sitting next to me. As I looked at her she said hi and I said hi back. She asked me what my name was and I told her Amber. Then she told me that her name was Jessica. She went on to ask me if I was new in town and I told her that I didn't live too far away but that I had never been to this club before. 

We sat there talking for a while and then she asked if I was a lesbian. I told her that a few weeks ago I had kissed my first woman. I told her the story of how a friend and me had downed a few drinks one night and ended up kissing and fondling each other and I liked it but that I had never really been with a woman. She told me that she was a lesbian and had come out about 3 years ago. 

We talked some more and then she asked me to dance. We got on the dance floor and whirled around to a fast song. Then the music changed to a slow song. She pulled me close, her hands moving, sliding over my back before she rested them on my ass. It felt good and I felt a familiar tingle down in my pussy. I told her that I thought that she looked hot in her dress, which was a tight black dress that came a few inches above her knees. She thanked me and repaid the compliment. I was wearing my favorite club outfit, which consisted of my purple sparkly low riders and my black midriff shirt that said princess on it in purple glitter. She told me that I was making her horny and asked if I wanted to go somewhere a little more private. I said sure and she grabbed my hand and we headed towards the door. She told me that she only lived 2 blocks away and that she had walked so we got in my car and drove to her house. We got out of the car and went in and she took me to her bedroom. 

She told me that since I had never been with a woman that she would let me explore her body. I walked over to her and started kissing her. It was a deep passionate kiss that seemed to last forever. I broke the kiss and slowly started kissing down her neck to her cleavage. I brought my fingers to the thin straps of her dress and slowly pulled them down and over her shoulders and off her arms. It hung off her waist and I stared at her beautiful breasts. There were about a 34C with pink quarter sized nipples. I reached out and started playing with her right nipple, gently rolling it between my thumb and forefinger. 

After it got hard I did the same to the other one and then leaned down and took her nipple into my mouth. I savored the taste of her soft, smooth skin and flicked my tongue at it and then did the same to the other one. I pushed her dress down the rest of the way and she stepped out of it. I took off her panties and told her to sit on the bed. As I held her panties in my hand I could feel the wet spot. I knelt down in front of her and looked at her pussy. She kept her pussy neatly trimmed with a little tuft of hair above her slit. Her lips were slightly swollen and pink. 

I moved my hand up her creamy, white thigh slowly till I reached her cunt. I slid my finger over it and felt her juices on my finger. I put my hand up to my mouth and tasted her juices, sweet like honey. I brought my hand back to her pussy and gently spread her lips apart. I brought my face closer and smelled her wonderful scent. I noticed that while I was doing this, her pussy was getting wetter. 

I brought my tongue to her slit and licked the length of it. A small moan escaped her lips. I rubbed my finger over her hardening clit and she shook. I continued to lick her pussy, running my tongue all around it and over her clit. She began to buck her pussy towards my face covering my face with her honey. I thrust my finger into her tight hole causing her to moan again. I knew that I was doing something right and continued licking her pussy and sliding my finger in and out of her wet cunt. I took my other hand and ran it through her pussy to get it wet and started playing with her pink, puckered asshole. This caused her to moan some more, so I started to slowly work my finger into her asshole. 

She screamed out that she was going to come, so I started working my fingers in and out of her holes faster and sucking directly on her clit. I felt her whole body tense up and tasted a flow of juices coming from her pussy. It seemed to last forever as I kept on licking and thrusting. As she finished her orgasm I continued to lick her cunt clean. When I looked up I saw a smile on her face and I asked her if I had done well. She told me that for having never been with a woman I was wonderful. She pulled me up to her face and kissed me with her pussy juices still on my lips and she lick some off my face. Then she told me that she was going to make me feel great. She quickly removed all my clothes and started playing with my breasts, flicking the nipples with her tongue and gently biting down. Instantly I felt my pussy start to get wet. While she was playing with my tits she reached a hand down to my pussy and put a finger between my lips. She told me to lie down on the bed and I did. She kneeled between my legs and spread them wider apart. She parted my pussy lips and started licking up and down my wet slit. I moaned and told her that it felt great. She told me that she was just getting started. 

She flicked her tongue over my clit and I nearly came then, but she moved her tongue down and started to tongue fuck me. After a few minutes she replaced her tongue with a finger, while still licking all around my wet pussy. I was moaning in ecstasy when I felt something bigger then a finger at the entrance to my hole. I looked down and saw that she had a dildo in her hand. She slowly began to work it in my tight hole. Once she had all 7 inches in me she started to pump it in and out while gently licking my now hard clit. I screamed that I was going to cum and she clamped her lips tight around my clit and began to suck. When she gently began to nibble on it, it sent me over the edge. I started to buck and writhe in orgasm. I couldn't keep myself from screaming out her name. 

After a few minutes I calmed down and found her next to me. We began to kiss again and she was caressing my breasts. I told her that it was wonderful and that it was the first orgasm that I had experienced with another woman. She told me that it was only one of many she wanted to share with me. We lay in each others arms, resting, knowing that soon we would share another. Content for now to just rest.