 With both my lovers away fighting those bloody wars, and with the change in weather I decided that perhaps I should see more of life and get away from the house. On the off-chance I phoned an old school friend who I discovered was about to start a holiday at her parent's villa in southern Spain and would I be interested in joining her.

Well, who could resist an offer such as that, so having left a message for my father saying where I was going I hurriedly pack a suitcase and was soon on my way to Isabel's. After a couple of days at her place we soon boarded the plane bound for Alicante. To be honest by now I was so randy I would have screwed anything; my aroused state only being made worse by the constant vibrations from the aircraft. Seeking some form of relief, I made my excuses and headed for the toilets; there I wrenched my thong aside, and began to pleasure myself. Having thoroughly washed my hands and splashed my face with cold water I returned to my seat. Isabel gave me a funny look and asked if I was ok, what could I tell her!

~~~~

We had been out in the garden sunbathing for quite a lot of the day and this had turned me on. Isabel had a lovely body and I couldn't help but think how very sexy she looked in her thin, little bikini. Now it was evening and we were sitting out in summer dresses drinking cool wine and talking, as girls often do, about sex. Did you know that girls actually talk about sex more than men? Well, we do anyway. Suddenly Isabel asked a question.

"Do you like porn?"

Unsure how Isabel would react to my true feelings, for at school she always seemed so prim and proper I answered; "I've never seen any."

"Haven't you?' She paused then said softly, "Would you like to?"

"That sounds like fun," I replied. Quite honestly I was that horny, I could have fucked the wine bottle.

"Let's see what I can find. Mummy and Daddies got some, they don't know I've found them though; make yourself comfortable on the settee and I'll see what I can find."

She scurried upstairs and was back after a few moments. We were soon watching a very sweet brunette sucking a shaved cock whilst she rubbed her pretty pussy. I drifted off thinking about my two lovers, causing my juices to really flow; the sweet scent of feminine arousal began to fill the air. I was aware that Isabel was writhing slightly next to me on the settee as she watched the horny scene. She was also watching me to see how I reacted.

"What do you think?" Isabel asked.

"She's a lucky girl!" I replied, "Having such a lovely cock to suck." Thoughts of my lovers and I doing similar things rushed through my head. What would Isabel think if she only knew?

At that moment the fellow dropped on his knees and began licking the girl. She was almost hairless, just a little heart showed on her pubis and we saw, in glorious close up, how his tongue worked on her, licking her up and down then concentrating on her clit. He pulled away for a moment and revealed how wet she was and how swollen her labia was. Then he tongued and licked her again; surely Isabel must have noticed my aroma by now as my juices flowed freely.

I looked at Isabel, who seemed unable to keep still. "It's no good," she cried out, as she pulled her dress up, tugged her little thong aside, and began to pleasure herself. I couldn't hold back either, I pulled up my dress, lowered my panties and openly frigged myself - if Isabel was enjoying herself then I wasn't going to restrain myself; oh! how I had longed for this moment.

"Isn't it sexy," she said huskily, and at the same moment I felt her hand on my thigh and I was in no mood to resist. Her hand strayed up to my dripping cunt and she began to rub me and explore my most intimate places. I loved it! I pushed myself on to her hand then began to rub my hand up her thighs and on to my goal. God! She was even wetter than me and she was hairless too.

On the screen the guy was thrusting deep into the pretty brunette, then he pulled out for a moment and there was a lingering shot of her cunt dripping with juice and we also saw his hard, gleaming cock. Drips of love juice actually fell from her! Then he thrust into her again, fucked her hard and pulled out, she opened her mouth and he shot at least six powerful squirts of cum straight at her. She licked it sexily from around her mouth then opened her lips to show the hot spunk in her mouth. She smiled at the guy then gave him a final luscious suck! I don't think she was putting on an act, I had no doubt she had really enjoyed herself!

"That was good," I panted, "really good."

"You didn't mind me touching you?"

"No ..... " I replied dreamily, "No.... - it was lovely."

The porn was still running and had moved on to another scene.

"This scene's so lovely, simply sublime," whispered Isabel.

Two pretty girls in skimpy bras and tiny g-strings were laughing and giggling, and then they kissed. Fingers wandered and soon the g-stings were pulled aside. Both were perfectly free of any pubic hair, it looked so sexy and so inviting. Isabel and I were rubbing each other again and then as one girl fingered the other Isabel slid one, then two fingers into me. 'Ahhhhhhh!' I moaned.'Ahh!' The sensations were heavenly as more pent up sexual frustration was released.

One of the sexy girls we were watching began to lick the other; lingeringly her tongue pleasured her friend and we could watch everything in larger than life detail. It looked gorgeous and I wanted to join in. There was a very sexy and pretty girl right beside me so I slid to my knees and gently pushed my head between her legs.

"Just a moment," Isabel panted as she slipped off her thong, pulled off her dress and stretched out on the settee with her legs invitingly apart. I dived in; pulling her pussy lips apart and for the first time delicately used my tongue on another girl. Oh, the juice! I can see why men crave about it. She was sopping! It was so sexy I just devoured her and gained a great deal of pleasure as well. I licked and nibbled her clit before gently sliding my fingers in to her cunt. Isabel moaned and groaned in appreciation. I pulled back for a moment to draw breath.

"Don't stop," she moaned, "please don't stop!" Immediately I began to lick and finger her again until suddenly she writhed excitedly and orgasmed, even more juices seeping from her as she did so.

"Ohhhhhhhhhhh!" she gasped, that was wonderful. "Now I must do the same for you."

I quickly undressed, grateful to be without clothes, laid down and stretched out on the settee, Isabel knelt beside me and began to gently kiss and caress my whole body. She delicately licked and kissed my erect nipples then worked her way down me. I opened my legs and she softly kissed my thighs and then licked closer and closer to my sopping slit. I pushed myself closer and she began the most intimate and delicate licking I have ever enjoyed. No man had ever licked me like this. Isabel was simply sublime! She used her tongue to tease and stimulate me and I enjoyed pushing my dripping cunt hard on to her as she used her tongue on me. Then she pushed her tongue right into me so that she was tongue fucking me. I could not control my self any longer and happily gave way to a powerful orgasm that left me quivering in delight.

Isabel had stopped pleasuring me; instead she was staring at me with a cheeky smile on her face.

"That was absolutely wonderful," I cried as I reached for her and embraced her; her taut nipples pushing into me, mine into her as we gently kissed.

"It was lovely for me too,' she said.

It was on that evening I had my first girl - girl sex. It was delightful. I also discovered that although I am not lesbian I could enjoy sex with the right girl and find it extremely satisfying. Isabel is no lesbian either. She demonstrated that very clearly two nights later when I saw her happily take on two horny fellows! During that holiday, I developed a strange affinity with Isabel. Could it be that I had found a soul mate?