 Here I am debating whether or not I should do it. Do I invade my 18-year-old daughter's privacy and read her diary or do I ignore it? I slowly open knowing that once I read it I can't take it back.

March 1st

Dear Diary. 

This is my first entry so let me introduce myself. I am your new owner Nikki. I just turned 18 years old yesterday. I'm 5'5" and 106 lbs. My boobs are a small 32 B-cups. I have red hair and green eyes. I guess you could say that I'm really hot; at least that's what everyone tells me.

Yes diary I'm still a virgin but I hope to change that real soon. Well its almost 2 in the morning and I need to get some sleep because tomorrow I'm finally having my big birthday party.

March 3rd

Dear Diary.

I'm sorry I didn't write to you yesterday but I was busy getting ready for me big party. The party OMG diary it was amazing. I had over my best friends Jill, Morgan, and Ashley. The four of us have been friends since we were little kids. All four us are planning to get an apartment together for college but that is still a good ways away. After they got here we went upstairs and settled in. We did all the normal party stuff with the family but as it grew later my parents and brother finally went to bed. The four of us went up to my room and we all decide to get dressed for bed.

Off came our clothes and into our pajamas we went. While changing I could help but noticed the other girls bodies. First off is Jill. Jill is 5'4" with long blonde hair, blue eyes, and a cute button nose. Her body is very slim with curves in the right places. Her boobs are 32 C's and she has large half-dollar sized nipples. Next up is Morgan. Morgan is my best friend she to has blonde hair but hers is shorter then Jill's. She has blue eyes you could lose yourself in. She's got a great little ass and 32 B cup boobies. Her tits have quarter-sized nipples on the end. Finally is Ashley. She's a real nut but I love her. She is the tallest of us at 5'9". Her boobs are just huge at 36 DD with a skinny waste and good butt. She has a real hourglass figure. Her hair is light brown and her eyes are chestnut brown. She's got the cutest dimples on her checks you get to see whenever she smiles. Well diary these are my friends.

While we were getting dressed for bed I could help but stare at their terrific bodies. I became so embarrassed because I became so fucking wet just by looking at my best friends. Well the night progressed and we talked about the usual things girls talk about, that being boys. Soon we were talking about sex. All my friends are older then me diary and have had more experiences then I have, I haven't even given my boyfriend a handjob, so I just set back and listened.

The best story of the night came from Ashley. Turns out that she really is a slut. You see diary Ashley was failing her history class. So a week ago she went to see Mr. Riley about improving her grades he told her there was only one thing that she could do to get some extra credit. Despite she promised to do anything. Mr. Riley then got up and locked his office door and told her to take off her shirt. Ashley did as she was told and removed her top and her bra. Mr. Riley then came over to her and began pinching and sucking on her big round nipples. She said that she had never been so turned on as in that moment. Mr. Riley then pulls off his pants and underwear exposing his 7-inch cock to Ashley that she immediately began to suck. Ash just loves cock and has become quite the blowjob queen of the school. After about five minutes he blew his load all down her throat and she said she swallowed every drop. Satisfied he told her to get dressed that she had just earned her self an A.

We were all so horny from Ashley's story that we started masturbating right there in front of each other. As I was nearing my orgasm I felt all three girls hands on my body. Ashley moved down to my soaked pussy and began to eat and finger me while Morgan and Jill began sucking on each of my big nipples. With in minutes I was cumming all over my floor. I was screaming so loudly that Morgan placed her balled pussy over my mouth to keep me from waking the rest of the house up. Here was my first sexual act with my three best friends who were all girls and now I was eating one of my best friends pussy. To my surprise I was in love with the taste of her pussy juices and couldn't wait to make her cum as well. While I sucked my best friend Jill and Ashley moved into a sixty-nine position and were quickly bringing each other to an orgasm as well. After my three friends came they had one more surprise for me. Ashley went to her stuff and pulled out a strap on dildo. Knowing I was the only virgin left in the group the girls agreed that it would be one of them that took my virginity. Ashley fucked me for the first time breaking my cherry. When she was through with me she then moved on to my other friends and fucked each one of them till we were all fucked. Finally I got to return the favor and I put the toy on and fucked the hell out of Ashley causing her to cum three times.

Well its late diary and now I'm all horny again. Well time for me to go to bed.

With that I close my daughters diary stunned to learn that my little girl lost her virginity to her best friends while her father and I slept a few rooms down. I was so turned on by this that I went straight to my room locked the door and pulled out my big vibrator and fucked myself silly. Later that day when I saw my daughter and her friends all I could do was smile and wish that I was apart of the fun. 

To be continued…