 This story is not exact to any actual characters or place in any time in history nor is it based on any persons living or dead. It is modeled after ancient Japan.

"What do you think you are doing you impudent whore? How dare you talk back to me, Yuriko! I ought to kill you now and send you to the depths of hell!" He smacked her again, drawing a line of blood from her lip to match her bloodied nose and bruised cheeks and eyes, which were downcast and deeply afraid. He grabbed her chin and forced her to look into his smoldering eyes. "But that would be too good for a whore like you. Not even hell would keep you!" He pushed her to the ground, pointing and laughing at her as she fell in a large mud puddle, sobbing. "Now you look as dirty as you are, whore!" He continued laughing as she sobbed in the mud, feeling completely helpless. How had she survived three years as this man's wife? Images of her lifeless body floating upon the pond behind their home became more comforting...yes she would drown hers- - her thought process was interrupted as she heard a strange wet noise, and felt something splatter on her. She looked up, and saw a large samurai sword sticking out from the gut of her husband. She glanced at his shocked face before he was pushed off the sword and aside. A hand reached out to her, and she took it, pulling herself up out of the mud. His other hand, holding the sword, expertly flicked off the blood and slid it back into its case.

The samurai was dressed plainly, in what appeared to be a simple black kimono, accented with brilliant jade. But looking closer, one could see the imperial symbol and dragon elegantly printed into the fabric. She immediately fell to the mud again, bowing and touching her head to the ground before the royal samurai. A gruff laugh escaped his lips before he yanked her up again. "I desire no formalities. You are to come with me, for you have business with the Empress." The girls mouth dropped and the samurai let another gruff laugh escape before he turned on the heel of his sandals. "Follow me." It didn't take much encouragement as she quickly followed after his retreating form.

Neither one spoke as they made their way towards the towering Imperial Palace in the distance. 

Business with the Empress? Whatever kind of business could she have with the Empress? She couldn't even remember ever having SEEN the Empress, let alone have had any contact that would warrant business. She had led a quiet life with her horrible beast of a husband - which reminded her that she should eventually have to thank the samurai for taking care of him for her - helping him run their small tea shop in the middle of town. She hadn't broken any laws, or done anything of merit. Really she was just an ordinary girl who had lived an extraordinarily unhappy life of 23 years. Perhaps this event was the Fortunes finally smiling upon her? She smiled to herself at this thought, and picked up her speed to catch up with the fast paced samurai.

Her mouth dropped open again as they came to the gate of the looming, huge, magnificent palace. Covered in gold, jade, and the finest materials known to man it was the most amazing structure in all of the land. Home to the son of the Sun God, as her people believed that each Emperor was the voice of the Sun God on Earth - the supreme ruler of the land. The funny thing was, he was never there - at least this Emperor never was. He was always off leading his troops into different lands, invading and protecting, protecting and invading. It was rumored that the Empress herself did most of the ruling within the main city and surrounding lands. She was a strong, powerful woman who was admired by many and hated by just as many.

Her mouth continued to gape as she passed what seemed to be hundreds of rooms filled with courtesans, warriors, art work, geisha, swords, dragons, phoenix - everywhere she looked she saw more and more beautiful things than she had ever seen before. Suddenly the samurai came to a stop and she almost fell over herself to keep from running into him. He pulled open one of the few solid wooden doors she had seen, and large wafts of steam came out. He led her inside what appeared to be a bathing room. He turned to her and motioned to the steaming pool of water sunken into the intricate marble and jade floor. "Here you can bathe and dress before seeing the Empress. I will wait outside the door for you until you are finished." He promptly bowed, backed out of the room, and shut the door before she could thank him. 

Yuriko paced around the small but beautiful room, and her eyes landed on the kimono hanging at the back of the room. She gently traced her fingers along its edges - it was made of the finest fabric she had ever felt. It was a deep blue edged with gold, and was patterned with small lilies. She smiled, and couldn't wait to bathe to then try it on. She slipped out of her muddy kimono and gently folded it and placed it on the small ledge that surrounded the room. She stepped down into the bath, instantly gasping at its pleasant warmth.

It had been so long since she had taken a nice hot bath - in fact she couldn't even remember the last time she had taken one. She washed her slender but firm body - she was very fit from being on her feet constantly in their tea house and having to carry things everywhere she went. While her husband called her too manly for being muscular, she appreciated her well muscled form - from her square shoulders, medium sized breasts, smooth stomach, and shapely rear. She was not the usual thin waif that most of the girls her age were running around as. 

After cleaning away the dirt and grim it was apparent that her skin was very slightly tan where her kimono did not touch and the sun could kiss her skin which was also slightly roughed from hard labor - but immaculate and without overt blemish. She carefully washed the mud and dirt out of her long ebony hair which reached down to the bottom of her shoulder blades, a cascade of ebony silk down her back. She took her time braiding it into a single braid that hung down her back, and would sway with each movement of her body. Feeling refreshed, she stepped out of the bath and slipped into the kimono. It was short - cut just at her knees to reveal her well toned legs. The blue was a perfect compliment to her skin, and the soft material clung to her body, and although she was completely covered, she felt slightly exposed - but sensual in a way she had not known before.

She smoothed the kimono one more time, self consciously, and opened the door. As he said, the samurai was waiting outside for her. He smiled and bowed to her, and motioned for her to follow him. After traversing a few more hallways, and receiving many strange almost knowing looks, they came to two huge mahogany doors. Upon the doors were numerous phoenix (the symbol of the Empress), carved masterfully into the beautiful rich wood. With a soft grunt and a shove, the samurai opened the doors and motioned for her to enter the Empress' chambers. In the middle of the room, against the back wall was a large bed. Yuriko had only heard descriptions of such things from travelers, as sofas and mats were the more common sleeping apparatuses in their lands. 

The frame of the bed was made out of some sort of dark wood she did not recognize, and was intricately carved with more phoenixes. Beautiful silk fabric was entwined about the frame, a deep purple color. On the headboard a stunning golden phoenix reared back its head in what seemed to be defiance. So entranced, and confused, was she by the bed that she did not notice the rest of the room. The samurai came to her side. "The Empress requests you kneel here at the foot of the bed. She will be with you in a moment." She turned to him and smiled, bowing deeply 

"Domo Arigato, Samurai. I owe you so much." Another gruff laugh, a nod, and the samurai left her.

Yuriko lowered herself into the seiza position at the foot of the beautiful bed. She was inclined to reach out and run her fingers along the beautiful wood, but she dare not touch anything belonging to the Empress. She simply waited patiently, her eyes taking in the rest of the simple room - elegant chairs, tables, a small game of Go stopped in mid play, etc. She heard the doors creak behind her, and her back stiffened, her heart immediately beating faster. She felt the presence of someone behind her - "Do not turn around." The voice was a woman's and it was soft and quiet but also firm and strong. She felt the person come up behind her, almost a breath away from her back. The woman, whom she assumed was the Empress Narika, leaned down so her cheek was right next to hers. A slender hand reached down and untied her obi. The hand was perfect - porcelain in color, and not roughed by any sort of labor - smooth and soft as milk. "Remove your kimono." She said in that same firm voice and she straightened herself.

Without saying a word, Yuriko shrugged herself out of her kimono, letting it pool at her feet. She was trembling slightly, having no idea what was going on...but something in the voice was trustworthy and kind...yet also eerily familiar. "Stand up, but don't turn around," the voice told her, and rising she did so. The same perfect porcelain hands traced over her shoulders, and she fought not to shudder - what was this woman doing to her? No one had ever touched her in such a...a...sensual manner. Whenever her husband made love to her, he was rough and cared little for her end result. He usually only lasted a few moments before finishing and rolling off to the side to pass out.

The hands traced over her shoulders, down her arms, and then back up again to caress her back. They paused at her lower back where her spine curved in, gently running over every muscle. Soon they slid down to cup her rear and gave a gentle squeeze. She gasped quietly, blushing a deep red and bowing her head. Never had she felt this way. It felt as if something was boiling inside of her - in fact boiling over and it's only escape was in a molten hot form between her legs. The hands left her rear and slid along the sides of her hips to caress the point where her hips met her pelvis, achingly close to her hot- before she could even yearn properly, the hands disappeared. 

"Now, beautiful Yuriko, turn around." Slowly, shyly, Yuriko turned to face the owner of the perfect hands. Her eyes met another woman's, eyes that were striking and could never be forgotten. One was a rich golden color and the other was a beautiful clear jade. Yuriko gasped in recognition, suddenly realizing where she had heard the voice before. Immediately falling to her knees, and letting her forehead touch the cold floor she tumbled forth with apologies.

"Oh my Empress, forgive me! I did not know it was you when you came to our humble tea house. Please forgive me for my-" 

"Yuriko, I did not want you to know it was me." Yuriko silenced her pleas of forgiveness, but remained frozen in the position of humility. "Stand up." Yuriko did so, but was unable to control her fearful trembling - she desperately wanted to pull her kimono back on and hide from any possible punishment. The Empress sat on the edge of the bed, and motioned for Yuriko to sit beside her - in fact she opened her arms to her, like a mother would to a child who has just fallen and scraped his knee. "Sometimes an Empress likes to forget who she is, and become simple for a day." Yuriko sat down on the bed tentatively and then slowly edged closer to the Empress until the powerful woman wrapped her arms around her and pulled her to her chest. Yuriko, oddly enough, felt comforted immensely by being held by this woman. 

It wasn't until then that Yuriko began to register how beautiful the Empress was. Her hair was cut short, an unusual thing as most women wore their hair long. Beautiful high cheek bones and full red lips, she had a tall slender firm body, perfect skin and those entrancing curious eyes. She was also wearing a short kimono, the same beautiful purple as that which wrapped around the bed, and was printed with golden phoenixes. 

"As I'm sure you know, our great Emperor - may the Sun God smile upon him evermore - is often away in distant lands defending and expanding our majestic empire," these words seemed scripted, and full of a certain weariness - perhaps the weariness of always being left alone to tend to a kingdom that wasn't really hers? "So, to lighten our Emperor's great burden I take it upon myself to occasionally visit our lands to make sure all is well." What she didn't mention was that she took on the guise of a man when doing so. "After visiting your tea house on numerous occasions, and seeing how that oni of a husband treated you - well, I could not allow such....injustice to reign in our lands. So you see Yuriko...I brought you here for the good of our country." She pulled Yuriko away and flashed her a playful smile, one meaning she was really brought here with more intention than that of the good of their country.

"But there is more that comes along with our great Emperor being away. He leaves his Empress completely alone - and one can only live so many nights in such a manner." She ran her fingertips down Yuriko's cheek. "Tell me, did your husband...please you?" at the words 'please you' the Empress' hand slid dangerously up the inside of Yuriko's creamy thigh - reignighting the molten fire within her. She shook her head softly, her eyes cast downward. "Ah. I thought not. Yuriko, have you ever been with a woman as you have been with your husband?" Yuriko's eyes flashed up unbidden, wide with surprise. 

She shook her head again, "No my Empress. I have not." 

A smile touched the Empress' lips as she slowly whispered, "Would you like to be?" Yuriko's eyes flickered downward again, full of uncertainty as she bit her lip. She glanced back up at the Empress and nodded softly.

Again with that playful smile playing on her full lips, the Empress leaned forward towards Yuriko. Yuriko's head was spinning - within a few hours her husband had been murdered in front of her, she was brought to the Imperial Palace, she had stripped naked in front of the most powerful woman in all of the land who had just offered to make love to her! She had never even been with a woman before, and here she was agreeing to make love to the Empress! Then again, when the Empress made a request, you didn't dare deny it. But it was something more than just going along with custom; she felt herself strangely attracted to the beautiful woman. She couldn't quite explain it, but she had even felt a pull towards her when she had come to the tea house dressed as a man. They had carried on quite a few pleasant conversations, and the disguised royalty always tipped her well. Her husband had even beaten her once, accusing her of lusting after the mysterious "man". 

Her thoughts were quickly silenced when she felt those full rouge lips press against hers. She couldn't quite exactly describe the feeling that came next. It was something akin to a dormant volcano suddenly erupting, or a geyser that explodes in wondrous torrent of water and rainbows. Her insides seemed to melt, as did the rest of the world. Everything disappeared except for the fireworks exploding around them and the soft caress of their lips. Yuriko figured that was what shocked her most - the intense softness of the other woman's lips. In a life that had been rough and hard for her, this was like an oasis in the desert. She thought nothing could compare to it - until she felt the other woman's tongue gently part her lips. Their tongues slowly danced, sliding past one another, exploring each other's mouths. The pace soon picked up though and the dance became a sparring match as they jousted in passion. Without her notice the Empress laid Yuriko back on the bed, her hands readily exploring the youthful firm body. Yuriko broke their kiss and gasped as her hands grazed Yuriko's breasts. 

"Oh Empress," she breathed heavily. The Empress smiled and leaned down toward her breast. 

"Call me Narika," she whispered as her lips began kissing Yuriko's well formed breasts. Yuriko moaned and squirmed under Narika's tongue's ministrations on her nipples, alternating between slowly lapping and quickly flicking with the tip of her tongue. Her hand worked her other breast, twisting the nipple gently or massaging her entire breast.

Unable to contain herself, Yuriko began working on the obi that held Narika's kimono together. Untying it, the garment fell open and the Empress shrugged it off and threw it aside. Yuriko gaped at the beautiful pale body --lithe and flawless, Yuriko was in awe. Even more wonderful was the feeling of their bodies pressed together; the combination of their body heat, their slight sheen of passionate sweat, the softness of their skin. Yuriko was more aroused now than she had ever been in her entire life. The wet flower between her legs was pulsating rapidly, begging for attention. She moaned pleadingly, and Narika seemed to take the hint. She slowly kissed down Yuriko's stomach, down one of her hips, stopping right at the juncture where her now spread legs met. Yuriko held her breath, unsure of what to expect.

If she thought their first kiss was intense, the soft touch of Narika's tongue shattered her entire mind. She gasped and moaned, her back arching at the sensation. Narika's tongue slid up and down her dripping slit, taking her time as if tasting fine sake. As good as it felt, Yuriko yearned for more and wiggled and squirmed her hips. Without warning, Narika dove into her, sliding her tongue deep inside of her wet hole. Yuriko let out a loud moan as Narika writhed her tongue inside of her, licking and plunging in and out of her - basically driving Yuriko wild with her tongue's torments.

Then it happened. Light exploded behind her eyes. The world spun away beneath her and she was speechless as her body arched so high it seemed she would snap. Narika had found her clit. Never had another person touched her clit, except her husband on accident - and that contained little to no feeling. This was like lightning had struck her, and her whole body was enflamed with pleasure. Narika paused a moment, letting her feel her full amazement before attacking her clit with full force. Licking and sucking she lavished her tongue's total attention upon that hot button. Yuriko thrashed about, gasping and moaning, every muscle in her body trembling until finally she could take no more. With a scream her orgasm was released from its flood gates. Contracting muscles, torrents of juices, screams of abject pleasure all combined as Yuriko clutched at the bed for dear life. Narika did not stop her tongue's attentions until Yuriko slowly descended the mountain of her climax. Panting, Yuriko collapsed onto the bed unable to move. Narika climbed up beside her, wrapping her arms about her and stroking her hair. "That...was...amazing..." Yuriko mumbled. 

Narika laughed softly, a gentle musical noise. "Oh my beautiful lily...your pleasure has only just begun...."

END PART I