 Note from author: This is my second submission, and my first lesbian story. All participants are of legal age, and are consenting. This story contains explicit sexual descriptions, if you get offended by this, please do not read.

///////////////////////// /////////////////////////

It had been a hard day; working from 6am until 7pm took its toll. I couldn't wait to get home and see Luce. We had been together almost a year now, and I still felt the same way when I looked at her, as I had done when I had first met her. My mouth went dry, I got nervous and I felt like I was floating with a million stars around me, forgetting all my troubles. 

Pulling up to the house, I checked my hair in the rear view mirror. I always wanted to look my best for her. I turned off the engine, picked up my bag and walked to the front door. Before I had a chance to put the key in the lock and open the door, it opened. There was Luce; low-cut tee, sweat-pant cut offs, and a small apron around her waist. She looked gorgeous as always. She wore her long, blond, curly hair down, and her eyes were blue, the most amazing shade of blue you could ever imagine. It was like looking into a deep, warm pool of water. Her eyes glistened when she moved, and her lips were just as beautiful, plump, soft and red. Her small, round bosoms were clearly visible through her shirt. 

"Hey babe. How was work?" she asked, wrapping her arms around my neck and kissing me. I felt the butterflies in my stomach swirl around like crazy. 

"Yeah it was okay. Boss was being a pain, but the thought of you kept me going" I said with a smile. "What are you cooking tonight?"

"I thought I would try something new; a spicy, chicken salad, with freshly baked bread."

"Mmm. sounds yummy!" 

She ushered me over to the table, and sat down beside me with her hand on my knee. She leaned forward and placed a trail of kisses from my cheek, all down to the bottom of my neck. I threw my head back and sighed. I loved it when she did that. She smiled. She knew that always got me. 

"I'll go check on that bread, shall I? It should be done by now," and she got up and gracefully walked into the kitchen. She was so alluring that I followed her. 

Placing my hands around her slender waist, I kissed the back of her neck. She lifted her hand, putting it on my cheek, and pulling me around so my lips met hers. Her lips parted and I felt her tongue become entwined with mine. Her hands started to move through my hair making my knees quiver. As she broke the kiss, she spoke. 

"How about I switch off the oven, and we can eat later?"

"Sure" I said, still breathless from the kiss. 

She took my hand and led me upstairs. I watched her butt wiggle as she walked, almost hypnotic. I sat on the bed and watched her crawl beside me; her back arched, her shoulders high, taking each movement as slow as she could. She looked like a tiger, getting ready to pounce. And pounced she did. She straddled me and ran her hands down my side, as she kissed me again. My hands slid over her back, and undid the tie to the apron. I had to get her out of those clothes. She was driving me wild. I felt her smile through the kiss. 

"What's up?" I asked.

"Nothing. I just still cant believe that you are with me. I mean, I'm so in love with you", and I flipped her on her back, and kissed her. 

My hands caressed her body, fingers finding the waistband of her shorts and pulling them down, past her knees and letting them fall beside the bed. I felt her tremble. She pushed me up, slowly undoing the buttons of my shirt, freeing my uncovered breasts from their confines. She sat up, as I sat between her legs, and she enclosed her soft lips around a nipple, suckling it. I let out a soft moan. She sucked harder, swapping between both my nipples, running her slim fingers across my back, and into the waistband of my trousers. She finally released me, and I stood off the bed, taking my clothes off, watching her now naked body moving around on the sheets. 

I lay beside her, a hand smoothly running down her curvaceous thighs and over her shaved mound. I had finally reached what I was looking for - . I had found her clit. She was already so wet. I ran a finger smoothly across her hard clit, making her hips buckle and push up against me, wanting more. I listened the her pleads, and positioned myself between her legs, tracing the outlines of her body with kisses; her face, her neck, her waist and hips, all across her navel, and finally to her sweet, wet lips. 

I flicked my tongue across her clit, hungry for more. Her legs wrapped around my head, her soft moans now growing louder, more seductive. With one hand I fondled her breasts, with the other; I parted her vagina, allowing my tongue to plunge in deeper. After a while, I gently slid one, then two fingers into her. I could feel her pussy tighten around my fingers. She was now getting more vocal. I bet that you could hear her from miles away. Her hands reached down and held my face, slowly moving me up so that I was looking into her come-hither eyes. 

"I love you. More than anything in the world" she purred breathlessly. 

She made me feel like I was on fire; her touch gave me goose bumps. 

She lay me down, and placed her cunt over my mouth. I grabbed onto her legs, and started to eat her out. She tasted so sweet. She began to move her hips, back and forward, riding my mouth. Her hand reached out behind her, and she started playing with my clit. I spread my legs a little more to allow her more space. Her experienced fingers began to move faster to match the speed of my tongue. I thrust my hips up, wanting more. Our moans joined together. She stopped moving, and turned around so her back faced me. Then, she leaned forward, placing her mouth on my clit and sucking it. A sign escaped from my lips, before I pulled her ass closer to me. 

It seemed like eternity had passed when I felt her pussy pulsing above me. I knew she was close. Just then, she moved off of me. 

"I don't want this to end yet. I want to lay here with you until time runs out" she whispered into my ear. She lay beside me, letting her hand wander to my slit. She rubbed me out, occasionally putting a finger in me. I was about to cum. I began to tighten around her finger. She felt it. She began to move closer to me as my hand went for her slit. We moved together, our moans matching the rhythm of our movements. I was really close now; I could feel the pressure building up below. My breathing quickened, I began to feel light. Then I exploded. It was the most amazing sensation ever. In that very moment, I heard Luce's sounds, virtually like a scream, a moan and a sigh, all wrapped into one. 

We lay there for a moment, listening to each others breathing, holding Luce in a close embrace. She moved the hair from my face, gently, and stroked my arms. She kissed me; a deep, passionate kiss that made my heart skip many beats. I looked over every inch of her. My mouth went dry, I got nervous and I felt like I was floating with a million stars around me, forgetting all my troubles. She made me feel amazing. 

"You're my one and only" I said to her. I stroked down her back, her skin now warm and clammy. 

"Love you Kath" she said as she bit her lip. 

"So, should we try that dinner then?" I asked. 

She laughed. We got up, dressed, and went down. 

Eating the salad, she had her hand on my thigh. I couldn't concentrate. She made me feel like I could do anything. 

"Luce, if you keep your hand there, I can't concentrate on the meal. If you keep your hand there, I will have to take you upstairs again" I told her with a sly smile. 

"Oh no (!) Wouldn't that be bad?" she laughed, as she got up and started moving towards the stairs. I chased after her. This was going to be a long night; I hoped that I'd never forget. She was my all, and nothing would ever change that.

I had caught up with her half-way up the stairs and got straight to the point. My hands found the edges of her shirt and pulled it off her once more. She literally ripped my shirt off me as I fumbled to take my trousers off. Luce started walking up the stairs again, her breasts bouncing in front of her, her round ass swaying from side to side in her tight panties. I ran up behind her, laughing, leaving a trail of clothes behind me. When I finally stopped climbing the stairs, I found her in the bedroom sitting on the chair. I sat on her lap, facing her. My hands moved up to her chest and started to circle over her already hard nipples with my thumbs. She breathed in hard, cupping my small, round ass with her slender hands. I could feel her blushing as I moved a hand closer to her neck, tilting her head to the side to steal a kiss. Her skin was burning; like fire. She picked me up, and held me close as she carried me over to the bed again. For a small woman, she was pretty strong. 

She began to lick my neck, nibbling at me. Her hand played with herself as she kissed me. I could feel the back of that same hand on my mound, making me so wet. 

"God Luce. You make me so hot" I told her. 

She smiled bringing her fingers up out from underneath her and licked them. She knew how to drive me insane and she toyed on it. She kissed me. The taste of her on her lips was mouth-watering. 

"Like that do you?" she asked as walked over to the dresser. 

I watched her as she opened a drawer. She peered over her shoulder, her long blond hair swishing around her shoulders. She fumbled with something that I couldn't see. I tried to move my head to see. 

"Uh-uh" she said shaking her head. 

I sighed watching her work at something from behind. Then finally she turned around. In her hands, she held a strap-on. 

"I have a present for you, if you want it" she whispered, as she was lowering her body close to mine, straddling one of my legs. I could feel her hot breath on my neck. I could feel myself creaming without her doing anything to me. I helped her slip the strap-on onto her toned body, pausing to lick her hips before I buckled it.

I stroked her shoulders and let my hands wander down her back, around to her front and started to jerk off this inorganic object. For some reason, it was turning me on. I spun her around, and started to lick it. A sigh escaped from her lips as she thrust deeper into my mouth. It was now super wet. With one swift movement, she had me laying on my back.

"Lets get you even wetter shall we?" she asked as she buried her face in my pussy, making me moan like crazy. After a while, she looked up at me, and lay between my legs so that the cock was teasing my cunt, as she kissed me. Her hand moved over and pushed it in. I had never been done with a strap before, but I have to say, it was amazing. 

She started to push into me slow but deep. She get faster at every push. In and out, in and out, her breathing became rather quick, I could feel her heart beating hard. I couldn't handle it anymore. Every time she pounded into me, I became a little more vocal, a little more louder. 

"...oh, fuck..." I whimpered. 

"You like that? You like that cock in your pussy?" she asked. 

"Oh yeah....." I moaned. 

She began pushing deeper into my sex. Her hands clasping my boobs, lips pressed against mine. I rocked my hips against her. I felt the pressure build up. My stomach felt like it was doing summersaults. I was going to orgasm. 

"....oh fuck. Oh yeah, fuck me like that. Ohhhhhh........................" and that was it. I had came. It felt different to when she was using her tongue, but it was fantastic all the same. I felt her withdraw the fake penis, and lay beside me. After I had gotten by breath back, I managed to voice what I wanted. 

"Luce, I want to do you. I want to fuck you so much." 

She knew what I meant, she removed the strap-on, and helped me put it on instead. I lay back on the pillows, as she positioned herself above me. I held the cock still as she lined up her sweet pussy hole with it, and let herself slide down onto it. She groaned. I spread her cute little ass and started thrusting my hips upwards, making the cock plunge deeper inside her. I watched her as her eyes closed, her hands running all over her body, and her boobs bouncing up and down. She began to moan. I could feel her shake tremble from the pleasure. I began to massage her breasts. She exploded. She threw her head back. A loud purr echoed through the room. She felt so good. 

She collapsed on top of me. Again, breathlessly, she kissed me, her hands running over my skin, exciting every inch of me. Our bodies pressed closer, her kisses becoming smaller but yet more ravenous. Our legs were entwined, our breathing became one. We were one force. I could stay here until the world ended. She was my all, my everything. She was my stars, my sun my mood. She was my life. She was my love. My one true love.