 Anne, I am ready for Mrs. Abbott now if you please."

I really love my job for the most part. I am responsible for the selection committee for graduate studies at a large Mid-western public university.

Admissions is highly competitive, but this was a first for me.

We have the phenomenon of "helicopter parents." But that usually ends in the second year of college when the student asserts some individuality.

We will just see how this turns out.

"Oh, hello, Mrs. Abbott, do have a seat please."

"Now just to what do I owe the honor of your visit?"

She is an early 40's "first wife" trying to hold on to her youth and family, over eager and impressed with her familial wealth.

Not overly dressed for the occasion, but perhaps just a bit too much showy jewelry.

I have a similar diamond bracelet I acquired in Italy.

A day dress by Balenciaga, and purse and shoes by Gucci.

She paused only for a scant millisecond to look me over when I rose to offer her a seat at the small round table I prefer for these meetings.

I am certain she was disappointed to see I was at least at a work a day level equal in clothing. 

My one vanity was Quai D'Orsay leather pumps, which she recognized immediately.

I am paid well, and wealth does not impress me.

She was here to apply pressure to have her daughter admitted to the Mathematics program.

We have an exceptional program and admission is highly competitive.

Naturally, I had the admission package, endorsements, etc and had read them over carefully before admitting Mrs. Abbott.

The usual blather about how her daughter, yadda yadda yadda, etc, and so forth.

Finally I lifted my hand to stop her from hyperventilating after she said the five words I most dislike to hear.

"I will do anything."

"I will do anything to see Gretchen is admitted. Anything. A small endowment? Perhaps something more...personal?"

"A new automobile? Or perhaps some home furnishings. I see you have an eye for jewelry." She said in a measured tone as someone accustomed to having her way.

"Thank you, but I have a very nice Mercedes-Benz SL-550," I said icily.

"I do have a question for you, Mrs. Abbott." I said

"Whose idea was it for you to intercede in your daughter's behalf? Your's, or her's?"

"Mine, of course. Gretchen has her head filled with numbers and formulae in such a way that nothing practical seems to affect her. She wants to play with mathematics instead of finding a husband, and I want what she wants. At least for now.

"She has no idea I came to see you or her advisor who sent me to you," Mrs. Abbott said quite calmly.

"And...you 'will do anything' to give her that?" I asked in a cold voice.

"Anything," was her reply.

I surprised her with my next statement.

"Spend the weekend with me.

"I have a quiet cabin about two hours from town and think some company of a woman willing to 'do anything' would make for a perfect respite," that spoken with just a hint of threat.

"Bribery is a crime, Mrs. Abbott. Or hadn't you known that?"

"So is extortion," she quietly replied.

I shrugged.

"Regardless, I am willing to nearly guarantee Gretchen's acceptance to the Mathematics program on my condition."

I wrote the address of my cabin on a sheet of note paper and told her to be there promptly at 6:00PM Friday next.

"Oh, and pack something sexy for dinner on Saturday."

I then rose and ushered her out of my office.

She was speechless, but I knew she would be on time.

Friday I took half day off and had my hair done.

I enjoy a close scissor trim, almost a buzz cut, but feminine.

I have given in to time as well and prefer a platinum blonde dye to the start of gray hairs.

I also spent time shopping for groceries as I never keep much at the cabin.

And a stop at a specialty shop for some things I would need.

Not unexpectedly she was prompt though I could take issue with her appearance.

For outerwear she had on a car coat, and had a scarf tied around her head with round dark glasses. In a way it reminded me of photos of Jackie Kennedy and women of that distant time. She also wore jeans and boots. I supposed that cabin meant "rustic" to her.

She did have a bag with her, as well as a garment bag. I am certain she had thought long and hard, well as hard as such shallow women can, and realized she should at least make the motions.

I greeted her at the door wearing a caftan and slippers.

I also gave her a welcoming open mouthed kiss, just to set reality in place.

She froze momentarily, but I simply turned, appearing not to notice and lead her to my spacious bedroom and showed her where to place her clothing.

"When you have finished come to the living room." I said with a commanding tone.

I sat back in a large club chair, I love the way they enfold one, but also the regal appearance of a sturdy leather enclave.

My legs crossed under the loose material of the caftan I waited for Mrs. Abbott to make her move.

To all appearances I had read her correctly. She was insecure, and most likely submissive.

Oh, not in a craven whimpering nothing way, but she had a real need to be taken care of, in any manner whatever.

"Whatever you have in mind," she started from the bedroom doorway.

When I told her to be quiet she immediately bristled, but stopped talking.

"Now, what shall I call you? Any suggestions?"

"You may continue to call me Mrs. Abbott, and I shall call you a terrible bitch," she retorted.

"No, that will never do. Not at all." I replied.

"I had thought to call you 'pet', but I think that is overdone.

"No, not a pet.

"Well we shall just have to wait to name you."

She was visibly shaken.

I had hit a nerve....ummm, perhaps she had been someone's pet in the past I thought to myself.

"As it is, take you clothes off and don't rush." I told her quietly.

She wanted to resist, she really did, but she only crossed her arms and drew the woolen sweater over her head.

A rather refined bra held her trophy tits, the swell was superb, and seemed natural rather than plastic.

She looked around and found a straight backed chair to sit and remove her boots after unsnapping and unbuttoning her jeans.

She slid from the jeans while seated and stood in panties and bra.

I nodded and she unhooked the front hook of her bra to reveal, yes...very nice large C cup breasts, and still natural. How did that vanity escape her?

She stood and bent forward to remove her panties to reveal a trimmed brunette bush which complimented the color of her hair.

"You know why you are here.

"Now I want you to repeat your words." I said in a still quiet voice.

"I told you I would do anything to see my daughter admitted to her graduate program." was her answer.

"Oh, you are aware this is a three day weekend, aren't you, my dear?" The treacle nearly dripped from my lips with those words.

"No. I can't. I mean, what can I tell my husband?" she was shaken.

"I don't care." was my reply.

Oh yes. She was committed to the weekend.

I shook my head slowly and my dangling large loop earrings swung easily.

"You know why you are here. Now come to me." I said as I rose from the chair and removed my loose garment.

I stand 5'10", and my weight is proportional.

My waist is shapely and though gravity is winning, my breasts are still only slightly less perked than when I was 20.

I sat back in the leather chair and lifted my legs to the padded arms.

She looked intently at my crotch. I have a professional wax when needed.

"I've never done anything like this before," she said in a whisper.

"Which, dear? Had sex outside your marriage, or been with a woman?" I asked.

"I've never been with a woman." Was her soft reply.

As she spoke I held out my arms and she moved cautiously closer.

She knelt with one knee on the cushion of the chair and I took her face in my hands, softly stroking her cheeks as I drew her to my lips.

She exhaled and yielded her mouth to me for long lingering kisses.

Soft murmurs and whimpers as our tongues danced and fluttered.

My hands moved from her cheeks to her shoulders as I once more drew my legs higher on the arms of the chair and scooted to the edge of the cushion.

She hesitated.

Her mouth went dry as she moved at my urging to kneel on the floor.

One hand now stroking her cheek and the other at the back of her head as she breathed shallowly with her face approaching my smooth vulva.

"You know what you enjoy. Just act naturally. This is the easy part, dear." I quietly voiced my need now.

Her dry tongue darted out tentatively.

Nothing that made her recoil, she ran her tongue tip back into her mouth and swallowed then extended it once more and licked.

She drew her tongue along my outer labia and slid crosswise across my distended inner lips.

I remained silent until she finally made steady journeys with her tongue and lips along my outer labia and lapped the inner lips open.

My hand at the back of her head pushed and guided her to my clit which she again tentatively lapped until she felt the bundle of nerve endings engorge and then she almost flailed with steady rapid licks.

I removed my hands from her head and tweaked my nipples now.

My eyes were closed as she fluttered her tongue and nibbled with her lips on my smooth skin and lapped at the sensitive tissues.

She was lapping the stream of juices welling from my pussy and coughed, or gagged at first at the musky and unfamiliar tasting fluid.

I wanted to tell her to push two fingers into my pussy, but I recalled that she had manicured long nails almost knife like if I had been so foolish.

I was gyrating in the wet leather seat now.

I moaned loudly and pinched and twisted my nipples to hurry the orgasm she was inefficiently evoking from me.

Her mouth only skimmed the surface of my vulva. It may not have occurred to her to slide between the inner labia and taste the full volume of my nectar. She never thought to slide the tip of her tongue from just below my clit to worry the distended opening at the bottom.

Still, I began to feel my muscles tighten in the familiar spasms of an orgasm.  I straightened my legs and my teeth gritted. 

My head lolled side to side as I experienced a weak rippling and a jerky body small orgasm.

She continued until I pushed her back and lowered my legs.

"There. Not so bad was it?" I smiled for the first time since her arrival.

"Now, still no name, time for some fun."

She looked at me with a quizzical eye, but wasn't particularly defiant or frightened.

I rose from the chair and looked her over. I hadn't noticed she had kept her diamond ear studs and thin gold neck chain on. Such a delicious look against her winter tanned skin.

I waved an open palm in the direction of a rectangular mission style table I had draped with a blanket earlier.

"Go kneel on hands and knees there, still no name." I ordered.

She most likely thought I planned to eat her to show her proper method, but my plans did not get there until a bit later.

She moved, not quickly, not slowly, perhaps it was an attempt at stateliness, but nudity tends to take some of the haughtiness out of a woman, doesn't it?

Stepping from a chair to the table, she found the center she knelt and looked at me as I placed some tubes and jars just at her side.

, "Good girl, you do know how to prepare."

I turned back to her from a sideboard and let her see two small clamps in my hand.

"Bitch, no!" she nearly moved off the table.

I slapped her ass cheek hard, and simply asked, "What were you words?"

Her head dropped and she mumbled, "I will do anything."

Instead of easing the clamps with vinyl pads onto her nipples I snapped alligator tips and screwed the jaws three full turns instead of the two I normally would have done.

Another surprise, she seemed to smile when the final turn tightened the second clamp.

I now turned my attention to her ass, smoothing my palm over both firm cheeks and down her inner thighs.

My hand lifted and I touched her muffin which caused her to shiver.

I fingered her now, teasing her labia, slipping up and pressing my middle finger against her rosebud.

My fingers slid along her slit and tapped her still hidden clitoris three times before I squirted a large glob from one of the tubes and spread it over my fingers.

She squirmed when I placed my fingers, bladelike to her slit and started a slow finger fuck.

Deeper as I twisted my hand and wrist until three fingers were buried to the second knuckles.

I curled my fingers and uncurled them as I pressed even deeper.

My thumb now rested on her asshole.

The lube easily coated her star and I bent my thumb and drove into the first knuckle with three fingers dancing in her pussy.

Easily, in and out as she wriggled and her clamped boobs swayed under her.

I was fucking her now.

My hand was busy.

Even my pinky was now rubbing her clit which had poked from her hood.

"You enjoy this, don't you, still no name?" I whispered.

"I suppose you are accustomed to giving it up, aren't you. I am sure you enjoy being told how to respond, how to react."

I was now pumping deeper and harder. Teasing her pussy, asshole and clit.

For her part, she was rocking back and forth, arching her back catlike and whimpering.

Her inner muscles were clamping on my fingers, her asshole winking around my thumb and her clit throbbing under the covering of the lubricated pinky.

"You also know that I want you to cum, still no name. You need that release. I can only imagine the angst you put yourself through but your words live on to haunt you. 'I will do anything, anything, anything...' and you surely will," I spoke softly to drum the words into her soul.

Just at the point of endurance, largely because of the limit of the clamps on her titties I released them and her pussy spasmed around my buried fingers.

She lie face down and rolled side to side as she orgasmed to both our delights with my still pumping and probing fingers in her now internally wet pussy.

I stepped back and offered my fingers to her lips.

At first she refused silently, then flicked her tongue out and licked.

All her moves have been tentative initially, but she was becoming more comfortable with each new stimulation.

I let her lie on the table to rest.

"Parker...please call me Parker," she said with deference.

I thought for a second and decided to give her that little victory.

"Very well, parker it shall be."

As I said that I knelt on the table and straddled her chest with my knees.

The sharp intake of her breath struck home the sure knowledge she knew what was coming.

"Now, parker, time for some instruction in proper oral pleasure." As I said that I hooked my elbows around her knees and drew her legs back to splay her open to me gaze.

I also wiggled my bum and could nearly feel her eyes boring directly on my shaven vulva.

I cooed softly as I brought my face to her pussy, gathered an amount of saliva and let it drip onto her pink and red lips. She reacted as if acid had been poured onto her naked flesh, but her mouth emitted a long slow moan.

I lowered my pussy to her face to feel the rapid breathing, to feel the humid warmth of her open mouth.

"parker, follow closely, dear. Do exactly as I do."

With that I followed the stream of my saliva to her pulsing labia and lapped from clit to her vagina then back to just below that pink pretty pearl.

She did her best to emulate me I will give her that. Still tentative, but at least paying close attention...for now.

I captured her clit between my lips and sucked, drawing it tight then tapping over and over with the tip of my tongue.

Below my nose she oozed a fresh pool of her lubricating nectar.

She seemed at ease with sucking and lapping my clit, but she did cough again when she inhaled some of my own juices. She returned to sucking my clit though.

I felt her ass grind in the air though raised nearly doubled under my assault.

Now, like mirrored images we both stroked naked and trimmed pussies with lapping tongues.

When I rolled my tongue and stabbed into her hole she did not miss a beat and tasted me fully.

I was bubbling with juices as was parker.

We licked and lapped. We sucked and tapped naked pulsing nerves and soft inner membranes to draw that sweet sweet nectar from deep within our now enflamed bodies.

The classic 69 position was her introduction to uninhibited female to female sex, raw needy sex. Lustful Sapphic give and take.

She shuddered through two orgasms which released what felt like a gallon of nectar before I gave in to my own need and gushed over her upturned face with a squirting flow of my own.

I continued to lap and taste her. I kissed her swollen lips and licked the quivering inner walls of her pussy as she tried to keep up, no longer tentative, but only slightly more eager.

I moved down from the table and let parker savor her afterglow.

While she rested, reflected and kept her thoughts to herself I moved about the kitchen to create a platter of food from various salads, hummus, olives, flat breads, etc which I had bought before opening my cabin.

Again wearing my caftan when she stirred I told her to move around freely, and directed her to a short tunic for her to wear.

The platter was heaped with food and two glasses were on the breakfast nook with a cool bottle of white wine.

parker looked at me with something of surprise and I told her, "I asked you to spend the weekend with me, not become a slave, darling. We will eat, make love of course, talk together and simply enjoy our time together. However, I am in charge, and you will still..." my look prompted her to quietly respond.

"Do anything," was her soft reply.

"Have a seat, parker, and tell me more about yourself." I asked.

She blathered on about her education at a public institution, her fortunate marriage as she put it. She went on about her children, Gretchen the middle of three girls. Her involvement in charity and social activities, typical moderately wealthy life.

We ate to restore energy and simply to enjoy each other's company, I am certain parker was surprised at the turn of events. 

Especially surprised when I suggested sleep.

"It has been a long day, parker, full of anxiety for you no doubt." I said as I drew the tunic off her body and slipped from my garment.

She slid into the large bed under covers and I moved to spoon with her my arm over her waist and my body fully pressed against her back.

I moved my hand slowly along her body from upper thighs to below her breasts then lightly tweaking one firm nipple then the other.

My hand trailed down her torso to her closely held legs and simply stroked the little hairs of her crotch.

Moving slowly so slowly I felt her tense body relax.

I know her thoughts were jumbled and had she been aware when sleep overtook her would have been in disbelief.

But sleep she did, and peacefully until well after sunrise while a new blanket of snow fell outside.

When she woke I had decided to have her prepare our breakfast.

She was quite competent at it too. 

She even preferred the French coffee press to the automatic maker.

However she was less than happy that I preferred she remain nude after quick ablutions driving home her status.

I asked if she skied to which she replied that she loved it but hadn't packed any clothing for outdoor activities.

I laughed and said I had a few things she could wear and we both dressed in ski wear.

We left through the garage, avoiding cleaning the snow from my SUV and shortly arrived at a local ski hill for an enjoyable day outdoors. The lodge was crowded as were the runs. Drinks were hot and well received, but when I saw several men eyeing us I casually took parker's arm, placed it around me and kissed her in what could be considered a salacious manner.
