 Kristina giggled as I pulled her into the tiny room I'd rented. Our night had been a blur of tequila shots and bars. I was living in France for a few months while I sorted my life out and I couldn't pass up a night of heavy drinking when my best friend came all the way from England to visit.

Several years ago we had had a secret relationship, doing nothing but spending nights together and stealing kisses, nothing serious, but when we went off to uni, we grew apart. It was hard to keep up a relationship when so many miles kept us apart and when Kris continued to swear that she was definitely straight. Kris had always wanted to visit France though, so it was the perfect opportunity for our reunion. I didn't want to get my hopes up that something would happen, but I knew I couldn't let Kris leave without making a move.

Yes, it was a bit low, but people are always up to more when they've had a bit to drink and what better way to loosen up than with a bottle of Mexico's finest? I usually wasn't much of a pre-gamer before going to the local bars, but I still had the bottle of tequila some friends had given me for her birthday, so I offered it up and we both had about ten shots before even getting on the bus. Ten shots of tequila was nothing for me since I was anything but a lightweight when it came to alcohol. Kris, on the other hand, wasn't used to going out often and was already pretty unsteady on her feet. We stayed out until the bar closed and ended up having to get a cab home, but I didn't mind, Kris was already more susceptible to my touches as I had been teasing her all night.

So, when we stumbled to my tiny room, as soon as I got the door open, I pulled Kris in, and pressed her up against the door I had just shut, turning the lock so we couldn't be disturbed. Kris eagerly pressed her lips against mine, used to this even if it had been years. I had somehow managed to keep my hands in check so as not to frighten Kris away just yet, but all I really wanted to do was rip off her clothes right then and there.

After several minutes of intense making out, I picked Kris up, wrapped her legs around my waist and carried her to the bed. Letting my hands become more daring, I swept them under my friend's shirt, exploring her tight stomach and sliding up her back as I kissed down Kris's jawline and neck, making her moan in pleasure. When I got to her bra, I deftly unhooked the three hooks, freeing my friend's large breasts. Kris always hated her boobs, they were so large for her petite frame, but I loved them, couldn't get enough of them. Ever since the first time we started fooling around the night of my 17th birthday, I had wanted them. Now four years later, I was finally getting my chance.

It took Kris several moments to realise I had removed her bra and was now kneading the soft flesh. She started to protest, but I briefly pressed my lips against Kris' before pulling away and asking, "Do you trust me?" Eyes still a bit unfocused, Kris nodded. I smiled, crushing my lips against my friend's once again as I completely removed Kris' shirt and bra, throwing them to the floor. I began playing with Kris's nipples making Kris groan into my mouth which only made me start to kiss down her neck, teasing all around the hardening nipples with my tongue before sucking one into her mouth. Kris unconsciously twisted her hands in my hair, moaning loud enough that the neighbor's had to have heard. Not caring what people might think, I moved onto the other nipple, giving it the same treatment before moving my lips back up for another kiss.

As we kissed, I slowly slid my hand away from Kris's breasts and down to her shorts. Gently rubbing her pussy through the denim, I felt Kris subconsciously press herself up against my hand. Even though her body was saying yes, I could see the hesitation in Kris's eyes. "Do you trust me?" I asked again. This time, Kris looked at me clearly, the alcohol wearing off. After a few moments, she nodded and I continued the gentle strokes before unbuttoning her shorts and pushing them down Kris' toned legs. All the while, watching her eyes for any sign of complaint.

I was beyond thrilled. Kris had just given me the permission I had always wanted. It was all I could do to continue my slow progression and not rip off the rest of her clothes, taking everything I had ever wanted from my friend's sweet body. I moved my hand slowly under Kris's underwear, stroking her pussy and circling her clit, feeling her wetness. Kris arched her back, moaning even louder as I started working my lips down her neck once again. I stopped briefly at her breasts, laving the soft undersides before taking them into my mouth and flicking my tongue over the stiff nipples before continuing down. Kissing her flat stomach and then down to her inner thighs, letting my tongue trail all around, but not actually touching my friend's pussy.

A few more moments of this teasing and Kris groaned in frustration. "Please," she whispered.

"What was that?" I chuckled, running my fingertips lightly down Kris' legs as I kissed the skin all around her most sensitive area.

"Please, Natalie," Kris moaned. "I need you."

With that I ripped off my friend's panties, throwing the pieces to the floor and dove into the sweet smelling wetness. She tasted even better than she smelled and I had to control myself, slowing down my onslaught to allow my friend the maximum enjoyment. Kris' fingers tangled themselves in my hair as her moans increased. I couldn't help but smile. Circling Kris' clit with my tongue, I slowly inserted a finger and then a second, curling them to stroke her g-spot, making Kris gasp in pleasure. I slowly increased my pace, intentionally keeping my tongue circling, but not touching Kris' clit, and soon she was panting. Sensing Kris was close to orgasm, I removed my fingers, hearing her small whimper from the loss, before sucking her clit between my lips. Kris exploded beneath me, crying out my name, while I continued my onslaught, reinserting my fingers to keep the orgasm going. Before I knew it, Kris was pulling me back up to those beautifully sensual lips.

Kris' kiss was fierce and desperate. She may have just cum, but she was still horny as hell. It probably didn't help that I had strategically placed my thigh so that it was rubbing against her still throbbing pussy as we kissed. Before Kris could recover, I flipped her over so that she was straddling me, her beautiful breasts hanging down. My hands went up to cup them, massaging them as Kris groaned into my mouth.

It took all my will to break the kiss, but I got to suck an amazing nipple into my mouth again, so the trade was worth it. I could play with her breasts all day and never get tired, exploring the entire surface with my tongue. I especially loved how Kris gasped as I nipped at the soft flesh underneath before trailing my tongue over the small hurt. Pressing her breasts together, I took both nipples in my mouth at once making her cry out. Finally, I let one hand trail down to her pussy and I spread her lips easily, feeling how wet she was. "So wet," I whispered. "So incredibly wet, for me."

"Natalie," Kris gasped. She was trembling as I let my fingers slide up and down her slick flesh.

"I have wanted this for so long," I told her.

Kris' closed eyes flew open. "Me too," she whispered, clearly surprised despite herself.

I grinned before bringing my lips up to hers and impaling her with two fingers. Kris rode my fingers, begging for more, so I obliged, slipping a third finger easily into her heat. Still she begged for more, so I managed to get a fourth finger in as she bucked her hips hard on my fingers. Knowing she was close, I let my thumb begin circling her clit as my mouth took one of her nipples and the effect was instantaneous. Kris' back arched, driving my fingers even deeper inside her as she practically screamed my name. Her body had frozen as she had begun to climax, but I didn't let her off so easily as I continued to finger fuck her, loving the feel of her muscles rippling around my fingers, milking them.

Kris finally came down from her explosive orgasm and I removed my fingers, drawing back from her slightly. Her eyes opened in confusion as I stared right back at her before bringing my glistening fingers up to my mouth. I sucked two of them clean before offering her the other two. Without hesitation, Kris took my fingers into her mouth, tasting herself. I couldn't hold back a groan as I felt her tongue wrap around my fingers. Drawing my fingers from her mouth I brought her lips back to mine, needing them. We continued like this for a while before letting exhaustion take over, my arms wrapped around her naked body.