 Summary: MILF is blackmailed into licking pussy for the first time. 

Note: This is dedicated to the real Johnathan and Elizabeth who inspired the story. The entire back story is based on real events...the plotlines are real fantasies of the lovely couple. 

Note 2: This is part three of a multi-chaptered story: 

In part one, Dominican Slut: Ass Fucked, Elizabeth, a proud Dominican teenager determined to overcome stereotypes, gets seduced by a white college man and becomes his personal cocksucker and ass slut. 

In part two, Dominican Slut: Blackmailed, the story flashes ahead twelve years, where Elizabeth, now married, with two kids and working as a very successful accountant has indeed broken the generations of family members working in menial jobs. Yet, one mistake from college comes back to haunt her and she is drawn back into the world of white dominance as she is blackmailed into submission. 

Note 3: Thanks to goamz86, Robert, and Wayne for editing. 

Warning: Like my novella 'Deconstructing the Professor', this story will use racially inappropriate words to create the vivid, authentic race based story that has been requested. If words like 'nigger', 'spic', 'puta', 'gringa', 'culo', 'tetas', and 'coño', offend you, please don't read further. 

Glossary: 

I am a Canadian writing a story about a Dominican using a variety of Spanish terms. So, although I think I do a good job of explaining the Spanish words I use during the heat of the moment, here is a brief advance glossary: 

Puta: whore 

Gringa: whore - a term used by Dominicans for Americanized Dominicans 

Culo: ass 

Chula: cute or sexy 

Tetas: tits 

Coño: fuck 

PS: If any of these are used incorrectly, I apologize in advance urban dictionary and google translate were my main sources. 

***** 

CUNT MUNCHER 

I had known it was only a matter of time before Ms. Goldstein learned of my past discretions including apparently fucking her fiancé, and, of course, she did. 

She called me into her office, just before lunch on the day after Bryce reamed my ass, a day Bryce hadn't forced me to get him off yet. 

I went in full of trepidation, expecting the worst. When I walked in she was at her desk, her feet oddly on top of her desk, her stocking-clad feet in clear view. Immediately, I sensed that this was on purpose, it was symbolic of something, I just had no idea of what. 

She began, her tone implying anger, "So Mr. Hamilton came in here last week and discussed his concerns about comments you made." 

"I just answered his questions, ma'am," I replied, suddenly relieved that maybe she didn't know about Bryce and me, or her fiancé. I noticed also that with her skirt riding so high in her awkward unprofessional position, I could see the top of her lace stockings...just another example of her own sluttiness behind her so-called professional appearance. 

"You told him that I had decided to change who led his account," she said, looking at me firmly. 

"Yes, ma'am," I nodded, "isn't that the truth?" 

"You attempted to shift blame from your own incompetence onto me," she responded. 

"I'm sorry ma'am," I said, annoyed at her accusations of my actual work, "but I don't feel I have any incompetencies." 

She scoffed. "Being a cock sucking ass slut I think is a pretty big incompetency." 

My faces burned at her words...she knew. I tried to defend myself, "He blackmailed me." 

"You're saying my fiancé blackmailed you that night?" She asked, raising an eyebrow at me with a tone that was clearly challenging. 

"Oh, um, no," I said, realizing she wasn't talking about Bryce. "That was just one wild, drunken night." 

"I'm sure," she again scoffed. "Only real depraved sluts allow strangers to fuck their ass." 

Shame burned through me as the reality was I had no clear defence or rationale for my actions. Sometimes...I was a slut...and I liked it. Yet, I couldn't tell her that. Instead, I tried to explain it. "Ma'am, I was young and stupid." 

"And when you sucked Bryce's cock, or bent over and took it up your ass in his office you were what then?" She asked. 

My eyes went wide, as she obviously knew about everything, maybe even my blow job with the janitor. I now defended myself, "He blackmailed me." 

"Did he?" She asked. "On the video it looks like you're rather willing. Especially when he begins pounding that fat ass of yours." 

I burned with humiliation. I stammered, "I-I-I don't know why, but once I see a big cock I..." 

"Turn in to a raving cum slut?" She finished. 

"I suppose," I whispered, already trying to figure out how I was going to get a new job if the truth of my sexual depravity came out. 

"You suppose? Either you turn into a raving cum slut or you don't, which is it?" She questioned. 

My head down, I answered in a whisper, "Raving cum slut." 

"Louder," she ordered, "I can't hear you. And look at me when you speak." 

I raised my head, looked her in her eyes and admitted, "Raving cum slut." 

"And if I'm correct, you also really love white cock," she continued. 

"Yes," I nodded, knowing there was nothing left to do but admit the truth. 

"Even more than your husband's nigger cock?" She continued. 

"Yes," I again admitted, the reality of it was Jonathan's cock and a white cock side by side, I would drop in front of the white one every time. It shamed me, but it was who I was and Jonathan deep down knows that; just like I know that if he was here right now he would eagerly kiss and lick this white bitch's stocking-clad feet. 

"Well, obviously we can't have you being one of our lead accountants meeting with big name clients and be a spic anal white cock cum slut, can we?" She asked. 

"I guess not," I replied, deflated, accepting my weakness was now getting me fired. 

"But I do think you can still play a critical role in our firm," she said, surprising me. 

"R-r-really?" I stammered, suddenly seeing a glimmer of a light at the end of the very dark tunnel. 

"Oh, yes," she nodded. "We just need to change your job title and duties." 

I wasn't sure where she was going with this. I sensed it was going to be sexual, it just seemed the logical conclusion to this situation, yet even I wasn't ready for the words out of her mouth. 

"You will be the firm's cum bucket and when I say cum bucket I mean for both cock and cunt," she informed me. 

As usual, my emotions were mixed. The idea of constant white cock, every other accountant was white, except for a junior accountant who was Asian. Actually, every secretary was also white: white, young and beautiful. 

It was only me and the janitorial staff that was of colour. It wasn't until then that I also realized there wasn't one black employee in the entire firm...that couldn't be a coincidence. 

That said, I had never even remotely been interested in the idea of lesbian sex...that, it seemed, was about to change if I wanted to keep my job. 

Of course, this was going to be degrading. I loved my job; I was excellent at it; and I had come a long way overcoming racial barriers to get here...it would be a devastating shame to end up like my cousins...just another Latina slut. 

Yet...sadly...undeniably...frustratingly...my cunt was on fire. 

I didn't say anything...really what was there to say? I was completely at her mercy and I was pretty sure I wasn't going to get any. 

"Now before we get ahead of ourselves, I need to make sure you are worthy of this position," she said. 

"I'll do anything," I said, understanding the word 'anything' was pretty wide in scope, especially for a pretentious bitch like Michelle. 

"Good word choice," she nodded, "as your new duties will include a wide range of tasks." 

I could only imagine the breadth of her 'wide range of duties'. I nodded, "Of course, ma'am." 

"Let's start your training," she said. 

"Okay, ma'am," I nodded, oddly curious what the training would include, my pussy excited for whatever lay ahead. 

"Lick the bottom of my feet," she ordered, as she pulled her cell phone out and began texting. 

There it was, the first humiliating task of submission. I couldn't help but smirk at the thought that Jonathan would be in heaven at the task. 

I stood up, bent over and began licking the souls of her feet. I really had no idea what I expected but the taste was mostly bland with a bit of salty sweat. It wasn't appealing or unappealing, it was just a task of obedience which, of course, made my pussy tingle. 

"Massage them too," she ordered, without looking up from her cell. 

I obeyed that task too. I was surprised by how silky soft her hosiery was, completely sheer unlike my apparently cheap pantyhose. Although I had never been a nylon woman, I could see how such sheer silky hosiery would feel sexy. 

As I multitasked, licking her foot while simultaneously massaging it, I wondered what else she envisioned me doing in my new role. Although part of me was mortified to be just a cum slut for my fellow employees, particularly since I not only had worked with many of them, but I had seniority over almost all of them...and was undoubtedly seen as a leader in this firm...or at least I had been. 

I also wondered, now that the door had been open to a thought I had never seriously considered, what it would be like to please a woman sexually. I have tasted myself many times on Jonathan's cock or my fingers, as well as tasting my asshole too many times to begin to fathom after a dick slammed into my shit hole (I don't know why, but calling it a shit hole always turns me on more...the taboo of it I suppose...classy business women are not supposed to love and crave a cock in their ass). Yet, another woman's pussy, well that would be new...and now I was curious. 

I massaged and licked her feet for a good twenty minutes when there was a knock at the door. 

I froze. 

"Keep massaging, maid Lizzy," she ordered, looking at me for the first time since originally giving me this submissive task. 

"But," I began to protest, but was quickly shut down. 

"Never," she roared, "question me. Fucking never. Is that fucking clear you border jumping, ass taking, cum swallowing, spic bimbo bitch?" 

The litany of degrading names made me tremble as a gush of wetness leaked into my panties. 

She roared, now with laughter, clearly amused and surprised by my reaction. "That degradation turned you on didn't it?" 

"Yes," I whispered, again embarrassed, not wanting to give her any more ammunition than she already seemed to have. 

"Fucking priceless," she said, shaking her head at me. "Come in," she called out. 

The door opened and her secretary, a ridiculous pretty redhead from Ireland, walked in and said, "Your car is ready, Ms. Goldstein." 

"Thank you, Alannah," Ms. Goldstein responded, "please show our cum bucket her new working area." 

I winced at the flippancy of her attitude and the obvious reality that this nineteen year old secretary was witnessing me licking her boss's feet. 

"Of course," Alannah agreed, her tone sounding both amused and eager. 

"Feel free to use her for a quickie if you wish during your break," Ms. Goldstein offered, as if I was her property, which it seemed I was. 

"Why, thank you, that is very generous," the pretty redhead replied, as Ms. Goldstein moved her feet away. 

"Let me make this clear," Ms. Goldstein said, "You will obey any order given by any member of our firm, regardless of their job in the firm. You are lowest of the low on the chain here, is that clear?" 

"Yes, ma'am," I nodded, humiliation compounding humiliation. 

"The good news is, when you aren't satisfying the needs of your many Masters and Mistresses, you will continue to work on the many clients you are assigned," she added. 

"Oh," was all I could muster as I processed two very different messages from her last sentence. That every employee here was my Master or Mistress and that I still was expected to do my regular job in between pleasuring staff members. 

"Have fun and you're not to leave for home until I give you permission," she added as she walked to the door. 

"Okay," I whispered, my head still spinning with the expectations. 

"Okay, what?" She asked, now at the door. 

I didn't need to ponder what she was expecting, I turned to her and corrected myself, "Okay, Mistress." 

"You may take an early break, Alannah," Ms. Goldstein offered, "just transfer the phones to Cameron and then, if she wants a break, you can return the favour." 

"Of course," Alannah nodded, with a big smile on her face. 

Ms. Goldstein walked out and as one Mistress left, a new one took control. 

"Knees," the young redhead ordered. 

I obeyed. Although Michelle was definitely attractive in the prima donna stereotypical blonde diva way, Alannah was drop dead gorgeous and dripping with sex appeal. 

As Alannah sat on one of two couches in the ridiculously big office and said, "Crawl to me." 

Oddly intrigued at what she may make me do, and also because I am a submissive and was trying to keep my job, I crawled to her. 

Reaching her, she asked, "Have you ever munched on cunt before?" 

I looked up at her, now understanding her intentions (as if there was any doubt) and answered, "No, Mistress," showing my complete submissive side. 

"But you want to, don't you?" She questioned, looking down at me, her beautiful smile drawing me in even more. 

"Yes, Mistress," I nodded, the truth being at the moment I did want to lick her. It was fascinating psychologically how quickly I could transfer from prim and proper no nonsense Dominican business woman to submissive, completely obedient, eager, horny cum craving Latina whore. 

She stood up, pulled down her skirt, revealing she too was wearing lace top stockings, tugged down her panties and sat back down. I stared between her white legs and at her pink inviting pussy. 

She ordered, "Don't just stare, get to work...this is one of your new job duties...munching cunt." 

"Yes, Mistress," I nodded, realizing I was staring. I crawled between her legs, extended my tongue and began my new job duty...licking. Although I had found my own pussy taste rather bland with just a subtle taste of something unique, the immediate rush to the taste buds as I lapped between her pussy lips was exotic and appetizing. I immediately was addicted and knew it was just one more sexual task, regardless of the humiliation of it, which I would now enjoy. 

"That's it," she moaned, "get my cunt nice and wet with that fat tongue of yours." 

I had never considered myself to have a fat tongue, but I did continue licking, which created more wetness...a continuous teasing of a taste, a delightful appetizer that just made me hungrier for the full meal. 

"Are you enjoying yourself?" she asked. 

I looked up, continuing to lick, "Yes, Mistress." 

"Do you like the taste?" she questioned next. 

"God, yes," I admitted, sounding way more eager than I meant to. 

"Good, because this will be one of your food groups for now on," she quipped. 

Oddly, that sentence only excited me. I wondered if all pussies had a similar taste. I couldn't help but wonder what Michelle would taste like. I pondered what Bryce's secretary would taste like, assuming she was likely next to be pleased. 

"Flick my clit," she demanded. 

I obeyed, willing to do whatever it took to get the full gush of her pussy juice. I flicked her clit and her legs twitched. 

She moaned, "That's it, don't stop." 

It was weird pleasing someone who didn't call me names, oddly I missed it. The name-calling, the demeaning racial terms and the aggressiveness got me off and, although I was enjoying licking her pussy and dying to get her off, my own pussy was rather dormant. 

'Do I only get off from being used and degraded?' I pondered, just as she grabbed the back of my head and pulled me deep into her wetness. 

She ground her pussy up and down my face and I just extended my tongue and tried to breathe in the tight space. 

Having her fuck my face did make my pussy tingle and soon she let out a load moan, and a second later coated my face with her pussy juice. The first gush hit me on the nose and I immediately raised my head slightly so my mouth and tongue received the glory of her cum. 

I hungrily lapped, the taste as heavenly and addicting as I imagined it would be...knowing that I was now indeed a cum slut for men and women...also knowing my night time fantasies would also be more complex from now on. 

When she let go, she pushed my head away and laughed, "You're making me need to pee." 

I could feel her cum on my face and instinctively licked my lips as I looked up at her. 

As she stood up, she said, "You may go to your new office." 

"Where is it?" I asked, disappointed as my office was one of the biggest in the firm, although not even a quarter of the size of Michelle's, 

"It's the old Langston room," she informed me. 

I winced. The Langston room was our old break room at the back of the building. A place I immediately realized was secluded enough that none of our clients would ever stumble into it. 

"It is the perfect location for your new job duties," she explained, as she stood up. "Michelle has moved your computer and desk there, and added a few very helpful items." 

Even though the answer was clear, I asked, "What exactly is my new job title?" 

"I'm not sure," she shrugged, "but your duties are very clear: continue working on files given to you when you are not relieving employees of their sexual stress." 

I chuckled softly, "That is a very politically correct way of putting it." 

She moved to the door. "I'm sure your Mistress will have a clearer job title and duty expectations." 

"Okay," I nodded, humiliated and excited, the usual contradicting emotions that always left me a mental mess. 

"You may walk to your new office," she said, as she opened the door and left. 

I stood up, my knees cracking, and stretched. 'What had I got myself in to? How could I get myself out of it? Did I want to get out of it? What about Johnathan? 

I sighed and headed to the staff room, which apparently was my new office. Oddly, I was quite curious what the 'helpful items' were. 

I had to walk past all six offices to get there and it was obvious that EVERYONE knew of my situation. I got looks of disgust or amusement and no one said a word to me. In the past, every secretary for sure would greet me warmly, but now the only heat I was getting was the burning in my cheeks. 

I had officially become the exact thing I had fought my whole life...a complete slut. 

Reaching my new office, I walked in and gasped. 

The room had been completely refurnished since I had last been in there over a year ago. It had been used for storage, I believe, for the past year ever since we got a new, much nicer, staff lounge. 

This room had a computer desk and chair (it seemed my desk and chair had been moved here already), a couch, with my Dominican Republic flag on it (I had it hanging in my office to show my Dominican pride), an antique chest, a dildo stuck to the wall, and a Sybian. 

My cunt immediately tingled at the many things I imagined I was going to have to do. 

I barely had time to really even think about what all this implied when I was startled by Cameron Abbey, Bryce's secretary. 

"Well, its time I see if you are as good at munching cunt as you are at sucking cock," the secretary bluntly said. 
