 Summary: Submissive slut is literally trained to be a good loyal pet. 

Note: This is dedicated to the real Johnathan and Elizabeth who inspired the story. The entire back story is based on real events...the plotlines are real fantasies of the lovely couple. 

Note 2: This is part four of a multi-chaptered story: 

In part one, Dominican Slut: Ass Slut, Elizabeth, a proud Dominican teenager determined to overcome stereotypes, gets seduced by a white college man and becomes his personal cocksucker and ass slut. 

In part two, Dominican Slut: Blackmailed, the story flashes ahead twelve years, where Elizabeth, now married, with two kids and working as a very successful accountant has indeed broken the cycle of generations of family members working in menial jobs. Yet, one mistake from college comes back to haunt her and she is drawn back into the world of white dominance as she is blackmailed into submission. 

In part three, Dominican Slut: Cunt Muncher, Elizabeth's Jewish bitch boss learns of her submissive slut past and present and reassigns her new job duties as the firm's CUM BUCKET...where she proceeds to taste pussy for the first, second and third time. 

Note 3: Thanks to goamz86, Robert, and Wayne for editing. 

Warning: Like my novella 'Deconstructing the Professor', this story will use racially inappropriate words to create the vivid, authentic race based story that has been requested. If words like 'nigger', 'spic', 'puta', 'gringa', 'culo', 'tetas', and 'coño', offend you, please don't read further. 

Glossary: 

I am a Canadian writing a story about a Dominican using a variety of Spanish terms. So, although I think I do a good job of explaining the Spanish words I use during the heat of the moment, here is a brief advance glossary: 

Puta: whore 

Gringa: whore - a term used by Dominicans for Americanized Dominicans 

Culo: ass 

Chula: cute or sexy 

Tetas: tits 

Coño: fuck 

PS: If any of these are used incorrectly, I apologize in advance. Urban Dictionary and Google Translate were my main sources. 

HUMILIATED PET 

To remind you of exactly where we left off: 

I got an e-mail from Ms. Goldstein: 

Cum Bucket, 

You will be in my office at eleven-thirty. You will be on your knees and waiting for me. Apparently, according to the video, you used the Sybian without permission. 

Of course, cum buckets only get to come when given permission by their superiors. A submissive spic like you should know that already. 

You are NOT to come again! 

You will be punished when I return. 

Now get to work, the Plasterton account needs to be done before you leave today. 

PS: Your new job title is CUM BUCKET and other duties as ASSigned. 

I read the e-mail a few times, stared at my new job title and sighed...just two words and that pretty much answered who I was, what I was and what the hell was going to happen next. 

Eventually.... 

I worked for the next hour and a half without interruption, although I constantly looked towards the door, expecting someone to come in and use me. I was both relieved and disappointed each time there was no one at the door, as I couldn't help but look forward to a cock or cunt to serve. 

I tried to work and yet it was tough because I was an emotional mess, my two personas (proud Dominican and submissive cum bucket) each battling inside for control. 

I wanted to just get up and leave. I wanted to just walk out the door. I wanted to just quit my job and start over. I wanted to reclaim my proud feminist past, one that had overcome so much to get to the position of power I had held just a couple of weeks ago. 

I also wanted to go back on the Sybian. I wanted to fuck myself with that wall cock. I wanted to taste another pussy, I wanted to be degraded and used. I wanted big white cock: in my mouth, my ass, my cunt. 

I...WAS...A...MESS. 

I eventually did, somehow, get some work done. Although nowhere near as much as I usually would in the same time frame. Anxiety, sexual hunger and a dildo deep in one's cunt can really be counter-productive. 

At 11:25, not wanting to be late, I made my way back to Ms. Goldstein's office. 

I kept my head down the whole way there, not making eye contact with the few people I passed. I didn't know if everyone knew, or just a few, but I was too ashamed to look any of my fellow co-workers or our secretaries in the eyes. 

Reaching Ms. Goldstein's office, Alannah nodded, "Just go in," as she typed on her computer. 

She gave me no hint of what I had done to her just a couple hours ago. I walked in expecting to find Ms. Goldstein at her desk, but the office was empty. 

Recalling the instructions, I lowered myself onto my knees and waited...and waited...and waited. 

It was after 12:30, my knees aching and yet somehow not wanting to disobey, assuming there was a camera in here if there was one in my new office, when the door finally opened. 

Unfortunately, it was actually Candace, my secretary, carrying a small paper bag. Oddly, my first feeling was one of disappointment. I knew whatever Ms. Goldstein had in store for me was going to be humiliating and yet I couldn't help but look forward to it. My second feeling was shame compounding shame as my sweet secretary saw me in this humiliating position. 

She asked, "Are you hungry?" 

My stomach was rumbling as I realized that other than pussy, I hadn't eaten a single thing. "Yes, I'm famished." 

"I brought you your favorite sandwich from Walker's," she said, handing it to me. 

"Thank you, you're a life saver." I replied, quickly opening up the bag and taking a bite. 

"Can I ask you something?" she asked, looking down at me. 

"Of course," I nodded. 

"Why do you let this happen?" she asked. 

"It's a long, twisted story," I replied. 

"You are a strong-willed woman, Mrs. Phillips," she pointed out. 

"I thought so too," I replied, feeling even greater shame at the fact that my secretary still saw me only as a strong-willed, hardworking feminist. 

I could see the complete shock in her eyes. 

"Why don't you just leave?" she asked. 

"It's not that simple," I answered, even though it could be. Just stand up and leave; just stand up and regain my dignity; just stand up and reclaim my Dominican pride. 

Yet... 

I didn't stand up. 

I remained on my knees. 

Shame compounding shame. 

When suddenly the door opened and Ms. Goldstein asked, "What are you doing in my office, Ms. Jones?" 

Candace stammered, "I-I-I was just making sure Mrs. Phillips had lunch." 

"Oh, I plan to make sure she is well fed," my boss quipped, her play on words obvious. 

I didn't say anything, just remained kneeling like the submissive I was. 

"Actually, I imagine our pet cum bucket would love to eat your pussy right now, wouldn't you, Mrs. Phillips?" she asked me, her tone as she spoke my married name a clear statement - a reminder of who I really was - a cheating wife. 

I didn't look up at my sweet twenty-two year old secretary as I answered, embarrassed to be admitting it, "Yes, I'd love that." 

"What would you love?" Ms. Goldstein asked, "Be clear." 

Shame compounding shame compounding shame, I answered, "I'd love to eat Candace's cunt." 

A gasp came from my shy southern secretary. 

Ms. Goldstein asked, looking at Candace, "Do you want our spic cum bucket to lick your cunt?" 

"N-n-no," she stammered, looking completely uncomfortable. 

"Let me reword this," Ms. Goldstein said, "Candace, let our cum bucket lick your white cunt or I will spank her in front of you." 

Candace looked down at me, clearly uncomfortable with what was happening. 

After a silent pause, Ms. Goldstein ordered, "Spic whore, crawl to my desk, stand up and bend over." 

"Yes, Mistress," I nodded, immediately crawling to her desk, standing up and bending over her desk. 

"Candace, take a seat on the couch," my Mistress ordered. 

"Please, ma'am, this is making me very uncomfortable," Candace replied. 

"Now!" Mrs. Goldstein ordered. 

Candace obeyed, clearly not used to such depravity coming from the far south and yet just as clearly scared of her dominant bitch boss. 

Mrs. Goldstein walked over to me, pulled down my skirt, and without warning spanked my ass hard. 

"Aaaaaaah," I screamed, surprised by both the sudden slap and the searing pain. 

"With each slap you will tell me what you are and what you want," Ms. Goldstein ordered, enjoying humiliating me in front of the one person left in the building who respected me. 

"Yes, Mistress," I agreed, although I wasn't looking forward to another spank. 

SLAP! 

"I'm a dirty spic cunt craving whore," I declared. 

SLAP! 

"I'm a cock craving cum slut who wants to suck every employee here," I declared, which once I said it, was suddenly an appealing idea. 

SLAP! 

As the pain burned through me, my cunt leaked slightly from the humiliation, "I'm a Dominican cum bucket for white cunt and cock." 

SLAP! 

"I'm a three-hole puta who especially loves a big white cock filling my asshole with his dominant seed," I declared, my ass immediately feeling empty and indeed craving big white cock. 

"Please stop," Candace finally whispered. 

"Then let our cum bucket taste your cum," Ms. Goldstein said. 

"But I'm not gay," Candace answered. 

"Neither am I," Ms. Goldstein replied, "but you're not the one munching cunt, you're just getting your cunt munched." 

I begged, my ass burning and tears streaming down my face, "Please Candace, let me eat your sweet white cunt." 

Candace stood up and scurried out of the office and my heart sank. My weakness, my submission had had a negative impact on someone I liked. 

"Well, that didn't go as expected," Ms. Goldstein shrugged, as she sat down at her desk. 

I remained bent over, as she ignored me and typed on her computer. I couldn't see the screen from my position, so I had no idea what she was doing. 

After fifteen minutes of excruciating silence, she asked, "Do you want to eat my cunt?" 

"Yes, Mistress," I admitted, actually very curious what she tasted like. 

"And my ass?" she continued. 

"Yes, Mistress," I nodded, although that was something I had never done. 

She ordered, "Crawl under my desk, slut." 

"Yes, Mistress," I nodded, undeniably excited to taste her. 

Once under her desk, she ordered, "Kneel on all fours." 

I did, expecting to eat her cunt. 

Instead, she put her stocking-clad feet on my shoulders and remained working. 

Shame burned through me as I had suddenly become her foot stool which was somehow way more humiliating than eating her cunt or even her ass. She saw me as no more significant than furniture. Anger and shame burned through me at her complete contempt of who I was as a person. Yet, in many ways I knew I brought this on myself by being so weak back in high school to Vaughn, again in college in my one wild moment, and in not standing up to Bryce when he first blackmailed me. 

I don't know how long I was a foot rest, over an hour, before she ordered, "Massage my feet, spic." 

"Yes, Mistress," I replied, my cunt immediately getting wet at the name calling yet again. I spent the next lengthy amount of time massaging each of her feet, focusing on each nylon-clad toe, each ankle and calf. 

My knees were sore, my hands cramping, when she finally opened her legs and ordered, "Get licking." 

The opportunity to change positions, even if still on my knees, was a breath of fresh air. I moved between her legs, to her shaved pussy and began licking. As much as I hated to admit it, her pussy tasted amazing. It may have been because I was completely famished, but I eagerly lapped her cunt. 

"That's it, Elizabeth, I think I finally found something you are actually good at," she moaned. 

I hated her view of my lack of worth towards the company, yet I didn't say anything to defend myself, instead I continued my submissive duties. 

She rolled her chair back, looked down at me and smiled as she asked, "Are you happy with your new job duties?" 

"Yes, Mistress," I nodded, shame at admitting this coursing through me. 

"And you want to eat my white cunt right now?" she asked, her phone now pointing directly at me. 

I was staring at the phone knowing I was already way too deep in this submissive blackmail to stand up for myself. "Yes," I whispered. 

"Say it with pride," she ordered. 

"Yes, I want to eat your beautiful white cunt," I admitted, looking down at it and meaning the words I was saying. 

"Beg, bitch," she demanded, still holding the camera at me. 

Wanting to bury my face back in her cunt, I begged, "Please Mistress, let your lesbiana puta lick your beautiful, superior, white pussy perfection." 

"What's puta?" she asked. 

"It means whore in Spanish," I answered. 

"Eat away, puta," she nodded. 

The offer given, I dove into her wetness, craving pussy juice. I lapped with insatiable lust wanting to get her off and taste the full flood of her nectar. 

"You really love munching white cunt, don't you?" she asked. 

"So much," I admitted, while continuing to lick. 

"What about your husband?" she asked, lifting my head back up, her juice on my lips. 

"He knows of my weakness," I admitted. 

"What weakness is that?" she asked. 

"I'm submissive and unable to resist white cock," I answered. 

"What about white pussy?" she questioned. 

"That is new," I admitted. 

"Are you unable to resist white cunt too?" she asked, a wide smirk on her face. 

"So it seems," I nodded, licking her wetness on my lips. 

"Would your husband be okay with this?" she questioned. 

"He'd understand," I answered, believing he would, although I had never cheated on him... we had avoided our weaknesses by living our sexual, submissive, racial fantasies through each other... until this past two weeks. 

"Would he?" she asked, raising her eyebrow. 

"I hope so," I said, not as confident as I would like to be in my answer. 

"Well, that is a conversation for another time," she shrugged. "Get back to work, puma." 

I corrected her, "It's puta." 

"Never correct me," she glared. 

"Sorry, Mistress," I apologized, her ability to turn to angry in a heartbeat scary as hell. 

"Now get back to work, you dumb spic," she ordered, grabbing my hair and roughly shoving my face in her cunt. 

I resumed licking, my head spinning with how Johnathan would react if he learned of my submission. Would he understand? Would he be furious? Would he be supportive? Realizing I could not only lose my career, but my marriage as well (which should have been obvious the moment Bryce first blackmailed me), my heart sank. 

"We really have found your area of expertise at the firm," she moaned, holding the back of my head. "Cock sucking and cunt munching." 

I winced at the simplicity of how she saw me, yet based on her treatment of me, right from when she first met me, it shouldn't have come as any surprise. 

I kept licking, wanting to get her off and try to figure a way out of my current predicament. 

She began grinding her cunt on my face and moments later my face was again coated with pussy wetness. My mind immediately shut off again as I hungrily lapped up the intoxicating, addicting pussy juice. 

I continued lapping until she pushed my head away and ordered, "Go lick and sniff my pumps, puppy slut." 

Being referred to as a puppy was just another layer of humiliation adding onto the plethora of layers that had already been thrown at me. Like all the others, being called a dog, being treated like a pet, only added to my desire to obey. 

I craved humiliation in the same way a smoker craves nicotine or a drug addict craves the high... putting it in such simplistic terms sent a shudder up my spine as I moved to the black pumps. Even as I buried my nose in her high heel, even as I extended my tongue to lick, I pondered my addiction. In my simile, comparing my addiction to smokers or drug addicts, they were unhealthy cravings and bad for you... even though each made the body and mind feel better when taken. 

I knew I needed to stop. 

I knew I needed to save myself from the downward spiral I was currently in. 

I knew I needed to protect my marriage... to protect my husband from entering into a similar freefall. 

Yet, I didn't know how. 

I sniffed and licked her other pump, my head contemplating the full spectrum of my submissive plight. I could have faked licking her shoe, yet I didn't. I felt compelled to obey, regardless of how menial, how humiliating the task. 

"Are you horny, puppy slut?" she asked. 

"Yes, Mistress," I nodded, the thought of my plight fading immediately as the idea I may be allowed to come was suggested. 

"Crawl to the middle of my office and get yourself off," she ordered. 

"Thank you, Mistress," I nodded, quickly crawling from out of my submissive desk cave and to the open room. 

I moved onto my ass and back, very thankful to be off my aching knees, and put my hand to my fevered cunt. 

"Take off your blouse so I can see those fat udders, Lizzy cow," she ordered. 

Another insulting animal reference sent another chill through me. 

"Yes, Mistress," I replied, unbuttoning my blouse and tossing it aside. 

"The bra too," she ordered, before adding, "Cows don't wear bras, they let their udders droop free." 

"Yes, Mistress," I nodded, my 38DD breasts being quite large and, without a bra, a major distraction. 

I took off the bra and she said, "Holy shit, those are some big udders." 

"Thank you, Mistress," I replied. 

"Back on all fours," she ordered. 

I obeyed. 

"Shit, those udders almost hit the floor," she said, walking over to me. She bent down and slapped my tits, which jiggled and swayed. "Fuck, I can only imagine what these udders looked like when you were breast feeding." 

"I was a double E, Mistress," I answered, remembering how much my back ached for the whole year I breast fed both times. 

"Between your huge cow udders, your rhinoceros ass and your dog like loyalty you really are an animal hybrid," she accused, slapping my ass again. 

I didn't respond this time, being compared to a cow, rhinoceros and dog being the most humiliating moment of my life and yet wetness leaked out of my cunt. 

"Moo like a cow for me," she ordered, as she reached down and pulled my nipple. 

I yelped when she roughly yanked my nipple, but I obeyed, my face burning again with shame and lust, "Mooooooooooo." 

"Shit, I don't know what a rhino sounds like, now trumpet like an elephant, your ass is as wide as one anyway," she ordered, adding another insulting animal comparison to me. 

I'm not sure why, but as I obeyed, making a strange elephant sound, I even lifted my right arm up in the air as if it was a trunk. The sound is impossible to replicate in print, but I sounded absurd. 

"On your knees and beg like a puppy," she demanded. 

I moved onto my knees, lifted my arms up and bent over my wrists and pouted like a newborn puppy. 

"Fucking hilarious," she roared, looking down at me. 

I just remained stoic in my submissive pet position. 

"Bark for me," she ordered. 

"Woof," I barked, shame continuing to course through me. 

"Now whine like a puppy," she ordered. 
