 I sat at my desk, staring blankly at my math homework. I had been looking at the same page for what seemed like hours, and still nothing was making sense. I hoped my roommate, Sarah, would come home soon so she could help me. Sarah always knew her math.	

As soon as I thought of Sarah, the familiar warm feeling came over me again. I didn’t understand why I had these funny feelings in my stomach when I thought of Sarah lately, but it wasn’t unpleasant or anything, just strange. So I usually shrugged them off and went about my business.

When I heard Sarah turn the knob in their small two-bedroom apartment, I ran into the front room to ask Sarah to come and help me when she had a chance. When I saw tears streaming down Sarah’s face, I stopped short.

“Sarah! What’s wrong? Are you okay?” 

Sarah collapsed on the sofa in front of the TV and sobbed, “No, I’m not okay! I just went over to Ryan’s house to surprise him because it’s our 6-month anniversary, and some skanky whore was blowing him! Right in front of me!” She sobbed some more, and I ran to get her some tissues. 	

I knew Ryan was an asshole, but Sarah seemed to like him a lot, so I never told her what I thought. I figured Sarah was old enough to figure that out on her own. 

“Oh, Sarah. I’m so sorry! Ryan isn’t good enough for you, you know that,” I cooed, trying to say anything to make her feel better. She just kept sobbing.

“Why don’t you go take a shower and get in your pajamas,” I said, rubbing Sarah’s back. “I’ll come in your room in a few minutes and we can talk more, okay? It’ll make you feel better.”

She nodded and obediently left the room. A few minutes later, I heard the reassuring sounds of the shower.

When I knew Sarah was out and ready for me to come in, I softly knocked on her door.

“Come in, Jillian,” Sarah said miserably.

I came in and sat next to Sarah on the bed. I put my arm around her and said, “Talk. I’ll listen. Just let it all out.”

She sobbed and talked in broken sentences. I nodded, tried my best to say reassuring things, gave her some wisdom, and just provided her a shoulder to cry on. My math homework was forgotten.	

“Thank you, Jillian.. thank you for being here for me,” she said, blowing her nose.

I gave her a kiss on the forehead and said, “Don’t worry, Sarah. That’s what I’m here for.” 

My stomach got that weird familiar feeling in it when she looked up at me with her dark green eyes, looking like she needed me more than ever. I just wanted to hold her all night, and I didn’t want anyone to ever hurt her again. 

For the first time that night, I took a long look at her. Fresh from her shower, she was wearing her trademark bedtime outfit: tight fitting t-shirt and bikini underwear. She was curvy, not model thin, and not for the first time I noticed how achingly beautiful she was. Her long curly black hair settled on her shoulders, framing her round, lovely face. She was so gorgeous, and as I gazed upon her long legs, curvy round stomach, and large tender breasts, I knew what that feeling inside me was: lust. Pure, unadulterated lust.

She looked up at me, and I knew she was watching me check her out. I looked away, embarrassed.

When I looked back, she was smiling. I leaned in to kiss her cheek, but she turned her head and my lips met hers. 

I could feel the shocking electricity flow through me as she kissed my lips; a soft gentle kiss unlike any I have ever felt before. It was amazing, and I wanted more, but I didn’t want to scare her. 

We looked at each other for what seemed like minutes, but it was only a few seconds. Finally, she said, 

“That was nice.” I didn’t know what to say, so I just nodded. 

I stroked her hair, and she started running her fingers lightly over my bare legs. I could feel myself getting wet, and although I had never been with a female before, there was nothing more I wanted right now than to feel her lips on mine again.

“You don’t need Ryan,” I whispered in her ear. I licked her earlobe softly, and I heard her moan. I looked in her eyes again, and then we kissed again. I could feel her soft tears and I knew she was crying again, and I resolved to make her feel better.

Our tongues danced in each other’s mouths as we explored a lust that was unknown to both of us. We both lay down on the bed and faced each other, and got as close to each other as our bodies would allow. We put our arms around each other and just kissed, just taking each other in, being with each other and loving every second that our lips met.

We didn’t let our hands wander at first, because we wanted to feel each other’s lips. I felt like I was taking advantage of her, and that’s why I didn’t let my hands explore.

I sat up and said, “I don’t know if this is right, Sarah. You just got out of a relationship.. I just don’t want to take advantage of you.” 

She brought me back down and kissed me hard, biting my lip a little. “Don’t worry about that, Jillian. I think I’ve wanted this for a long time.”

After that, we were more comfortable with each other. I started rubbing her breast through the thin fabric of her shirt, and she kept stroking my inner thighs, kissing my lips and my neck.

The only sound in the tiny apartment was the sounds of our moans. I was in absolute ecstasy, and I never wanted it to end. 

I took her shirt off and quickly attached my lips to her hard red nipple. She let out a loud moan and I could feel her shiver with lust. I sucked her nipple and bit it slightly, consuming it like it was the only food I would ever eat again.

She writhed with pleasure as her fingers continued their dance on my inner thigh. She brushed the soft fabric of my underwear, and I tried to control myself. I almost had an orgasm with her soft touch, and I wanted to save it until I could feel the hot touch of her fingertips on my clitoris.

I didn’t have to wait long. As I was playing with her nipples, sucking one and rolling the other with my fingertips, she stuck her fingers inside my underwear and felt the wet hot flesh that was waiting for her. I gasped, unprepared for such total pleasure. I saw her smile.

She whispered, “Lay on your belly. I want to make you feel good.” I obeyed, wondering what she had in store for me. 

She got behind me and played with my clit with one hand while playing with my nipple with the other. I couldn’t help it.. I came. Hot fluid dripped down my thigh, and I sighed with relief.

“If you think that was good..” she whispered. She took her hand off my breast and stuck her fingers inside of me. She tweaked my clit while she pumped away at my g-spot, in and out, in and out. I screamed in pleasure, biting the pillow and arching my back in total and complete orgasmic bliss. 

After I had come again, I got up and pushed her back on the bed. I ripped her panties off and looked lustfully at her shaved pussy. It was dripping wet, and very inviting.

I ran one finger up and down her slick clit, watching the expression on her face. I knew Ryan was a distant thought as she felt the electric pulses flow through her body from my touch.

I stuck two fingers inside her and I bent down and licked her thigh. I slowly worked my way up until I got to her wet, pink awaiting pussy.

I licked it slowly, not sure what to do since it was my first time. I knew I was doing it right when she grabbed the sheets and moaned achingly.

I flicked my tongue as fast as possible, licking her up and down, making long strides and making sure she got as much pleasure as possible. I pumped her with my fingers, and I knew her impending orgasm would come soon.

I was right. She came all over my face, and after I wiped it off, I lay next to her on the bed and gave her a long, lingering kiss while I played with her nipples.

“I don’t know why it took me so long to understand,” I whispered to her. “But don’t worry. You’re mine now. Ryan can’t ever hurt you again."