 The thickening darkness outside seemed to emphasise the emptiness of the seats around her, and under different circumstances Sally may have found this a little creepy, she had never really liked being alone but somehow the gentle reassuring rock of the carriage made everything ok. It had been a long stressful day and the comforting pum pumming of the train pulling her ever closer to home was becoming hypnotic. As she tilted her head back to watch the rain trickle down the window, she was filled with anticipation at the thought of seeing all her old mates again; she loved uni but she missed home so badly and couldn't wait to be back in her old familiar haunts with old familiar company. She was filled with a warm, drowsy, yearning for the weeks ahead and contentedly she allowed herself to drift dangerously close to sleep.

She was hovering in and out of dreamland when she was disturbed by a loud banging and shuffling. Wondering what had happened she jumped to her feet with a shriek. She couldn't believe what she saw... 

"Hi, don't mind if I sit here, do you?" Said the pretty, glowing faced girl who was trying to force her rucksack behind the seat.

"Erm...." Said Sally, blushing.

"I'm Julia by the way, nice to meet you, you a student? You got that look about you."

"Yes, I am, I'm Sally." 

She slowly sat back down, nervously swiping a loose strand of red tinged blonde hair behind her ear.

"Well, Sally... mind if I squeeze in next to you? I can't stand moving backwards."

"Huh?" Said Sally, looking slightly nervous as she glanced across the empty train.

In spite of feeling a little unnerved Sally was compelled to watch as blonde Julia took the liberty of slithering her hot, attractive body into the seat next to her. Sally supposed she wasn't much older than herself, perhaps twenty six at the most. She was wearing a purple leather jacket and tight fitting dark blue jeans, her short hair was slightly wet giving it a streaky appearance and her face seemed a little flushed. Sally imagined it was through her excitement at their meeting and her heart began to pound hard and there was a soft tingling between her legs as she caught the smell of Julia's perfume. She breathed deeply and suddenly, she wanted Julia. Sally wanted most girls, even if she never did manage to get her hands on any of them but at this precise moment she had never wanted any girl more and she now convinced herself that Julia must feel the same, judging by her seat choice. 

They were both headed to the same place, the last stop on the journey. They talked for what seemed like hours, until Julia turned and spoke.

"Do you realize we've been completely alone on this train?"

Sally looked around but she already knew this was true and she began to get excited at the thought of being alone with Julia, again she could feel herself getting wet. She brushed back long strands of hair which had fallen from her ponytail, she felt like a bit of a scruff bag next to smart classy Julia and she began adjusting her tatty black skirt. As she did so she felt Julia place a warm sweaty hand on her knee. She looked into Julia's green eyes; she wanted to kiss her but didn't know if she should, instead she turned to face the window feeling guilty and silly. 

Julia moved closer and Sally let out a sigh as Julia reached up and delicately turned her head to face her again.

"Don't worry" Julia told her "I want to be here, with you".

Sally's heart was thumping as she felt Julia gently stroke her leg; she couldn't believe someone like Julia was touching her. She wondered for a second if she were actually asleep but quickly left the idea behind when she felt Julia slide her hand between her thighs and gradually begin to make her way up. Sally leaned her head back and completely gave up caring where she was or who may be watching, she just hoped Julia wouldn't stop. She could feel her panties getting wetter and wetter as she felt herself throbbing, she turned to Julia and leaned towards her. The two women began kissing very gently, the feel of Julia's thick soft lips and the taste of her saliva was enough to make Sally ache, she didn't think she could bear this intense teasing for much longer. Sally pulled away from Julia.

"Please," she whispered. 

Julia smiled and brought her hand further up Sally's legs and slipped it inside of Sally's wet panties. Sally groaned as she opened her legs wide for Julia, who let out a quiet gasp at how wet she had got Sally. Slowly Julia began to stroke Sally with the softest touch she had ever known. Julia then pushed her fingers inside Sally and looked into her blue eyes.

"I don't ever want you to forget me." Julia said. 

She then got down on her knees and squeezed under the table, she lifted Sally's skirt and pushed her panties to one side and slid her tongue into Sally's pussy and began licking and licking. Sally groaned as Julia's soft mouth soothed her. Sally rocked her wet cunt back and forth on Julia's tongue, and with one last thrust she came in Julia's mouth. It was the most amazing thing she had ever felt. 

Just then, before Sally could even catch her breath they heard someone coming through, they realized it was the end of the line. Sally and Julia moved quickly without being noticed and the guard waited patiently for them to get off the train. Sally had so wanted to return the favour for Julia, and now she thought she may never get the chance. They swapped numbers in the station, but both wondered whether they would ever see each other again... 

One thing was for sure, Sally would never ever forget Julia.