 We did this less than a week ago and loved it.

I loved it all over again, writing about it.

We stepped out of the shower and Blue was drying my hair for me. It's really long and she was just using a towel, carefully, so that it might look okay without being brushed a whole lot. It goes to my ass so, at worst, it will look "wild and untamed."

She was standing behind me...very close. I could feel the heat from her body and that was getting to me...I could feel my pussy getting wet, but that doesn't take much. Blue is more than enough to get me wet without even trying.

I leaned forward just enough to waggle my ass against her and she pressed against me. I reached back with both hands and held her hips, rubbing her more with my ass. She tossed the towel and said, "I think we're done here, you shaggy animal."

I smiled at her. "Oh, I think we're just getting started, here." Still with my ass against her, I gently pushed her to the wall, then pinned her there and rubbed her more with my ass. She slid her arms around me, using one hand to rub my already-soaked pussy. Leaning back against her, I tilted my head back and spoke hotly to her,

"That ass that's pressed against you? That belongs to you. That pussy you're playing with? That's your possession, baby."

Her arms gripped me tighter and her open mouth slid on my neck...her finger slid in my pussy, and she whimpered, now with her teeth firmly on my neck, "Sunny, if you don't suck my pussy, I'm going to bite you!"

"Bite me in the right place and in the right way, and I'll be just fine with that."

Her breath was hot on my neck, and she spoke with urgency. "I might go crazy and jump on you..."

I giggled, wiggled my ass at her and replied, "Again, sounds good to me, baby!"

I shoved my ass at her...she responded by holding onto me and bucking her hips at me...she drove her fingers deeper into my pussy and pounced her teeth on my shoulder in this one spot only she is aware of that makes me cum...I shook hard with her arms holding me from behind, cried out and came like a wildwoman, grinding my ass against her.

I turned around in her arms, facing her and pinned her against the wall. She roughly grabbed my ass and held it tightly, saying, "Now. My turn. I get my pussy fucked!"

I suddenly got the urge to be a slutty pussytease. I slid my hand down to her pussy and she melted against the wall. I touched my lips to hers so she could feel my hot breath and said, "Oooooooo...how hard would baby like to be fucked?"

Damn, her body was already shuddering from my hand on her pussy...she sucked my bottom lip and pulled on it.

"As hard as you can...fuck...please." She tried to rub my hand with her pussy, but I patted it...driving her crazy.

I slid my finger through her pussy, then, very close to her face and watching her eyes, I brought my finger to my mouth and noisily sucked on it.

"Dammit...Sunny." She grabbed my hair close to my face and pounced on my mouth with hers, growling deeply at me and driving her tongue in my mouth...I just let her, growling back at her and nearly cumming again from her tonguefucking my mouth.

She slid from between me and the wall, yelling, "FUCK!" She grabbed my hand and ran toward the bedroom...I ran behind her just to stay on my feet, my long hair flying behind me. Still pulling on me, she jumped on the bed, making me land on top of her...she wrapped her legs around my waist, dug her nails in my back and yelled right at me, "FUCK MEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!"

I held onto her and roughly kissed her, then licked her lips and slid off her.

"SUNNY, FUCK ME, DAMMIT!"

I just smiled at her. "Spread your legs for me, baby." She eagerly spread her legs and tried to pull me on top of her. I didn't let her. Instead, and putting my long hair to good use, I got a handful of it and started swatting her pussy with it. That doesn't hurt, of course. It can only feel good, and her body jumped each time my hair landed on her horny pussy and enraged clit. I was loving this!

Only a few more times pushed her to orgasm, her body rocking hard in spasms while she squealed loudly!

I got our double toy and plopped my ass between her thighs. "HELL YEAH, SUNNYBUNS! FUCK MY PUSSY!"

I smiled and leaned back on one hand, my knees up and spread apart...I made her watch my end of the toy disappear inside me...I breathed deeper and tossed my hair back, letting my pussy seem to swallow the toy while she watched and got more impatient...I made it worse by fucking the toy in and out of my pussy, making her exhale in hot little squeals at me.

Teasing her, I said, "Oooooooohhhhhhh...this feels sooooooooo fucking good..."

"SUNNY! FUCK!"

"Ooooooooohhhhhh...I could just fuck myself like this all night..."

Her pussy was so fucking wet! "FUCK NO, YOU'RE NOT! IT'S ME YOU'RE GONNA FUCK! NOT YOURSELF!"

I giggled and scooched closer to her, sliding my thighs over hers...she took her end of the long toy and rammed it in her pussy real fucking hard, making herself scream! I propped myself up with both hands behind me and raised my ass...I held the toy with my strong pussy muscles and FUCKED HER HARD!

My first hard stroke into her nailed the back of her pussy and drove her onto her back...she squealed with pleasure and I kept fucking her...she tried to sit back up again with my fucks shaking her gorgeous breasts and her hair...

she came like an earthquake and fell back down.

She reached past her head and put her hands against the headboard to keep her body in place. "DON'T...FUCKING...STOP! FUCK ME MORE!"

I hadn't even slowed down...I kept at her, giving her everything she wanted...relentlessly fucking her hot pussy...my orgasm hit me hard, making my body shake like hell and causing the toy to torment her g-spot...she cried out and came again for her hot slut, her ass uncontrollably slapping the mattress as her body went crazy...

I am SUCH a hot pussywhore for her...she really does that to me!

I slid the toy from my pussy and, oh-so-gently, slid her end from hers...I patted her quivering outer lips, making her squirm while still holding onto the headboard. She whimpered for me while I buried my face in her pussy, licking and kissing her, and loving hot it felt against my face.

I crawled up and she let go of the headboard. I wrapped myself around her and kissed and kissed her, then tucked her in my tummy, cuddling her with my breasts...her breath felt so sweet against them while she held me tightly, the same way I held her.

"I love you, Sunny."

"And I love YOU, my precious Blue."

The End

Thank-you for reading.

My love to all of you,

Sunny