 "8 o'clock shoot I am so late" Kitty said as she sprung out of bed in a hurry. She ran to the bathroom and washed some of the sleep out of her eyes. She looked in the mirror and sighed at what she looked at. Her beautiful shoulder length brown hair was in tangles, her soft brown eyes red with the lack of sleep she has been having. she winced in the mirror, "same dream again huh Kitty girl" she shook her head and laughed as she knew she was talking to herself and felt a bit silly doing it. She looked down at her nude body, in between her round 36c breast was a hint of sweat from the dreams that plagued her, she reached down between her legs feeling the wetness of her shaved flower. She chuckled at the wetness and looked at herself in the mirror again, "yep same dream kitty, same dream" 

She snapped out of her apparent daze and hopped in the shower, she gently yet hurriedly washed her beautiful body, she felt the tingle of arousal between her legs but no time to masturbate now she was already going to be late. 

She hopped out of the shower and dressed, it was casual work day thank goodness, she slipped into her cotton panties, and jeans, she put on her usual lazy blue sports bra then nice satin blue pull over blouse. She slipped on her tennis shoes and ran out the door to her car. 

She turned the key..... then nothing. She slammed her head against the steering wheel rather hard with 'thud' she tried the ignition once again, again nothing, "this is just fucking wonderful!" She wanted to cry but she didn't have the time. She ran to the bus stop full speed just catching the 9:30 bus to down town. 

The bus was very crowded, people were almost nose to nose. Kitty was pushed and shoved as she boarded the mode of public transportation. Kitty was indeed in a personal hell, she hated small spaces enough, but small spaces stocked with strangers.... now this was a nightmare. She felt another shove then bumped into someone almost pushing them to the floor. She reached out and grabbed the persons arm just before they fell. She helped the person up and her jaw dropped at what she saw. 

Kitty had to blink a few times to figure out if she was dreaming, but she wasn't, first of all she had clothes on, second of all she was aware that she was awake just by the motion of the bus. Kitty shook her head again, closed her eyes gently then opened them one more time. she couldn't believe it. The beautiful blonde hair.... the gorgeous body, her beautiful eyes, her kissable lips. She was the image of perfection. Kitty's heart skipped a beat. then it even skipped harder when she heard her speak.... "you ok?" the voice said.... Kitty couldn't breath, the voice, it was hers, the one in her dreams. the soft tone of perfection, the sweet breath she inhaled as the one who was speaking spoke to her. "hello... yoohoo" the voice said again. 

Kitty was dumbfounded, but found the energy and the will to speak, "oh.... im sorry yes I am fine" she said with a soft blush. Kitty didn't blush because of the incident of almost pushing this beautiful creature down, but she blushed at her body's reaction to her, she felt the dampness between her legs start to grow, she felt her chest heaving with excitement, Kitty had met her angel, the one of her dreams. 

Though the 30 minute bus ride Kitty tried her best to make a small conversation with the Angel, she told her where she was heading and that they she hoped that the Angel would let her buy her lunch sometime. Just then the bus driver slammed on the breaks, Kitty slammed into the woman, she felt her breast against hers, Kitty's nipples reacted immediately, her wetness increased in her soft flower. 

Kitty pulled away as fast as she could, her body didn't want her to, but her mind said a different thing. Kitty's nipples showed through the silk of the blouse she hoped that the Angel wouldn't notice. 

The beautiful blonde didn't say a word, she just smiled sweetly and made polite conversation until they reached down town. They left the bus at the same stop, the angel turned to Kitty and reached out a beautiful hand, "my name is Felicia by the way" Kitty took the soft hand into hers, she trembled as she felt its touch, "K... Kitty, it has been a pleasure" she said with a slight stutter. "Pleasure has been all mine Kitty" the angel turned and walked away.

Kitty ran to her office 2 blocks from the bus stop, up the stone steps to the office entrance. She had prayed no one saw her come in late but her prayers would not be answered. 

She smelt him, the rank cigar smoke that fumed off of his clothes, the harsh low voice he admitted sounded more like a monsters growl than a human voice, "Ninetails.... your late again.... second time this week and sixth time this month. One more time Ninetails.... one more time and your fired." he then turned and stormed away. 

Kitty was relieved she was given one more chance. She had to focus and get her mind on her work. 

Kitty just couldn't stop thinking about her. She closed her eyes and she saw the smile she felt her breast on hers as the two touched on accident, she smelt her wonderful perfume still on her clothes, Kitty became very excited. She just couldn't work. Kitty had to do something and soon before she spent the day thinking about Felicia. Kitty slumped back in her chair, and rested her hands on her lap gently. She didn't mean to but she brushed her hand against her woman hood. Her body shook a bit, it felt so good, and kitty was losing control. 

Kitty slowly got up and walked to the restroom, she had hoped no one would follow her, she went into the stall way on the end and gently lowered her jeans, she glanced at her soaked cotton panties and let a small gasp escape from her lips. She lowered herself on the toilet spreading her legs ever so slightly. She reached her left hand to her clit and moved it in small soft circles. Gently at first just out of curiosity, yes kitty has masturbated before, a lot of times, she enjoyed her own soft touch but she never had at work. 

A bit faster she moved her hand on her soft wet flower. Stroking her clit with her index finger from side to side... slowly at first, then a bit faster. She closed her eyes, and saw Felicia. She imagined her lips to hers, kissing gently. Moving their soft tongues together in unison. She moved her clit faster then removed her right leg from her jeans. She spread her legs in the stall and laid back the best she could on the toilet. She took her middle finger and gently inserted it into her awaiting womanhood, faster she moved it in and out. She moaned loudly, she didn't care who heard she was lost in the lust of what she was doing. She inserted two fingers into herself, louder she moaned, she closed her eyes and imagined it was the angels fingers in her, she took her right hand and began pulling at her nipples, louder and louder she moaned faster and faster she fingered her wet flower, she let out a whimper as she orgasmed. Her body shook , her knees weak with pleasure she continued until the sensations inside her flower began to subside, she removed the now nectar covered fingers from her flower. She stuck them in her mouth, she sucked and cleaned them tasting her juices imagining them to be the beautiful angels she had met today and has haunted her dreams for some time. 

With her face flushed, she dressed herself, she didn't know how long she was in the bathroom but when she came out she could hardly walk from the earth shattering orgasm she had just had. she walked to her cubical, in the sea of cubical's and went to work. Occasionally smelling her scent on her fingers throughout the day. 

Kitty sat alone in her office long after everyone had left for the day. Kitty was behind on her work and unfortunately had to stay late to try and catch up. She was thinking about what she did earlier, how it felt, how much she enjoyed it. She thought of her angel again and her thighs began to quiver ever so slightly.

Kitty shook her head then rubbed her eyes, trying to snap out of her lustful daze. She glanced up at the clock on the wall it said 6:45 and kitty sighed. "It's a good thing I have a Ca... Oh no I don't have a car, oh goodness" Kitty turned off her office computer locked her desk drawer and ran as fast as she could to catch the 7:10 bus back home. The bus was there and began to pull away just as Kitty made it to the stop. "DAMNIT! She shouted, now she had to wait an hour, down town as it turned dark for another bus. Kitty slumped on the bus stop bench utterly defeated; she let out the softest of sighs and smelled the perfume of her Angel. 

Kitty looked to her left and saw her there, Felicia looked so beautiful kitty's jaw dropped to the floor. The beautiful one turned to her and smiled, "well hello there remember me?" Kitty smiled a bright smile, "of course how could I forget, I haven't stopped thinking about you" right after she realized what she said Kitty's eyes grew wide. She couldn't believe she said that, she didn't mean to but its out there now, Kitty hoped that Felicia didn't notice the slip up. A slight blush covered the beautiful Angels face, "I couldn't stop thinking about you either, to tell the truth, you have been on my mind all day" she said as she leaned in closer to Kitty. Kitty was very shy by nature but leaned into Felicia gently placing her lips against the Angels, she slowly and softly kissed beautiful Felicia deeply and passionately. Their tongues touched as they each opened their mouths. The tongues began to dance together like two lost lovers dancing in the moonlight. Kitty pulled her in a bit tighter deepening the soft kiss. The angel began to suck gently on Kitty's tongue this drove Kitty wild with passion. 

Kitty began to move her hands up and down the beauties body forgetting that she was at the bus stop. She snapped back to reality and broke the kiss, her body tingling, her mouth dry and her thighs quivering. Felicia looked into her eyes and let out the most beautiful giggle Kitty has ever heard. The angel leaned in and whispered in Kitty's ear, "come home with me" Kitty kissed her gently then nodded yes.

The bus ride to Felicia's apartment was uneventful, due to the incredible nerves and anticipation that kitty was feeling she found it hard to stop quivering. The two held hands lightly sitting next to one another, and made polite conversation Kitty was indeed taken. 

The bus pulled up to Felicia's stop. The two lovers exited the bus and walked to her rather large apartment building. Felicia smiled and slowly opened the door for Kitty then the two entered. Felicia looked to Kitty and laughed, "I hope you don't mind elevators but these heels are killing my feet" Kitty smiled back and took her hand, "no not at all" she said with a slight anticipation in her voice. 

The two entered the elevator and the door closed behind them. Felicia gently placed her lips to Kitty's, kissing her deeply moving her tongue gently into her awaiting mouth. Kitty pulled her lover close and returned the kiss with passion from deep within her soul. During the deep passionate kiss Felicia reached her hand to kitty's ass and gave it a squeeze and whispered in between kisses, "I cant wait to see this later" Kitty let out a moan from deep in her throat from the squeeze and began to gently suckle on her lovers tongue. The two kissed all the way to Felicia's door. 

Felicia opened the door and the two stumbled in, Kissing deeply moving their tongues against each others with a fiery passion, the two moved into the bed room. kissing and fondling each others bodies like two desperate lovers preparing to make love as they have never before. 

Felicia sat on the bed, her beautiful eyes upon kitty as she slowly opened her satin lips to speak, "undress for me Kitty, I have thought about your beautiful body since the moment we met this morning, I want to see it" Kitty giggled, as she slowly removed her top, her beautiful breasts held back by her blue sports bra showed her already hard nipples. 

Kitty unbuttoned her jeans, and slowly slid them down to her ankles then turned around and bet over seductively to remove them. she felt a small swat on her ass as the angel giggled. Kitty turned to her and gently lifted her sports bra over her head exposing her beautiful breasts. Kitty gently ran her fingertips around her white cotton panty's waist band, she gently yet shyly removed them showing her nicely shaved and already wet flower. 

Kitty was completely nude, her chest heaved, her thighs quivered. she sat gently on the bed next to the angel. Felicia gently moved closer to Kitty again placing her soft lips against hers. Kissing her gently as she stood to undress. Felicia slowly and seductively began unbuttoned her blouse, one button at a time, Kitty was over whelmed with the feelings of pleasure she was experiencing. "Touch for me Kitty" Felicia said with a soft seductive smile. 

Kitty shivered at her words, and hesitated a bit. Felicia smiled her sweet smile, "Please Kitty touch that beautiful pussy for me, rub it, I want to see how you touch yourself, do it please" 

Kitty blushed and gently began to touch her soft pouty pussy lips. she moaned slightly and began to rub herself gently. Felicia gently began to remove her blouse as she watched Kitty masturbate for her.

"lean back on the bed for me, do it Kitty, spread your soft lips for me so I can see inside you." Felicia said in a soft seductive tone. Kitty began to shake at her naughty words, she leaned back and gently opened her flowers peddles showing her wet opening to her lover, Felicia removed her top and knelt in between kitty's legs. she slowly put her mouth over kitty's gaping opening and entered her with her tongue. Felicia moved her lips closed over Kitty's wet hole and began to suckle lightly moving her tongue in and out of her. 

Kitty let out a soft moan of pleasure and continued stroking her clit for her lover. Kitty arched her back and gasped as her thighs began to quiver and shake, "Im cumming for you ohhhhhh" that was all kitty could say in between the loud moans of pleasure. Kitty's body shook uncontrollable as she released for her angel, Felicia lapped hungrily at her, drinking her sweet nectar as it poured from her body. 

Felicia stood for her lover, her face covered in Kitty's juices, her nipples hard with excitement. She slowly unzipped her dress and let it fall to the floor. Felicia inched her panties off exposing her neatly shaven pussy for Kitty, she then laid next to her and kissed her gently.

Kitty tasted herself on her angels lips and let out a soft, soft moan. Kitty moved her hands to her angels breasts gently, she softly began to caress them with a soft gentle touch. Felicia let out as soft moan as she was touched, she kissed Kitty deeply again then broke the kiss. 

"Lay down Kitty... Lay down on your back for me." Kitty did what her angel asked. Felicia gently moved on the bed over Kitty's face and slowly lowered her womanhood onto it. Kitty gasped as the beautiful flower of her angel gently lowered onto her lips. Kitty wrapped her hands around her lovers waist and began moving her tongue deep into the soft flesh of the beautiful flower. Kitty's mouth found her angels clit and began to suck it gently moving her tongue over it in circles. Felicia moaned loudly with pleasure her body shook more with each lap of Kitty's tongue. Kitty mover her tongue faster and Felicia became more and more excited by her lovers gentle tongue. 

Felicia began to grind her pussy into Kitty's face and let out a loud moan, "my Kitty I am cumming for you lover.... drink from me take your prize" Felicia released for her lover moving her hips and moaning loudly, screaming in passion almost at the top of her lungs. Felicia's body shook intensely as her nectar spilt form her. Kitty drank the nectar with a hungry passion, one that she has never felt before. 

Felicia moved off of kitty's now cum covered face, and kissed her passionately gently sucking on her tongue. The taste was over whelming to the both of them , there juices mixed in each others mouths as they kissed for what seemed like minutes but was about a half hour. 

"Kitty I want to try something that I have fantasized about for a very long time, I want to rub my pussy against yours." Kitty let a slight gasp drift from her mouth, her dream... in her dream they two grinded to the fiercest orgasm that Kitty has ever had in her life, Kitty just smiled and nodded, speechless at the events of the evening. 

Felicia gently lowered herself in between Kitty's legs in a scissor position, Kitty moved her hips closer into Felicia's wet flower and the two pussy's touched. Kitty let out a moan of pleasure as the two began to move in unison grinding their clit's together. Kitty felt the pelvic bone of her lover against hers, she moved her hips faster, the two moaned gently together, Felicia placed her mouth over kitty's breast and began to suck it gently, this pushed Kitty over the edge and she moved with intensity and even faster than before. The slippery flowers moving in unison even more intense than before, the slapping of the skin on skin, the lusty scent of sweet nectar hung in the air as they both yelled in passion at the same time. Their bodies began to shiver and shake as they came together, Kitty's orgasmic juices mixed with Felicia's as they shared the first of many earth moving orgasms. 

Kitty fell limp on her side, sweating, sweat dripped down the center of her breast. She closed her eyes and opened them again, looking around, and saw Felicia laying next to her still in between her legs. The two pussy's touching gently as they slept. Kitty's dream had come true. The two began a beautiful relationship and lived happily ever after.