 Okay I am supposed to be studying right now but I am just not feeling it. It is too late for me to really get in the zone. I have always wanted to write a story because some of the stories I read are missing something. They just don't get me hot. So this is my first story. I would love some feedback.



I couldn't stop laughing. My friend continued her little anecdote about her horrible trigonometry teacher. She always makes me laugh. We were sitting in my living room on the couch just talking while some of our favorite movies played in the background. We would stop our chatter for a while when the good scenes came on but for the most part we were just catching up. Finals were last week and we were both utter she- beasts during that week, barely acknowledging each other's existence. I was great to have my friend back. I was even better to be able to relax again. My phone buzzed and it was my mother telling us to quiet down. We giggled a little. I hadn't realized that it was already one o'clock in the morning.

We relocated to my bed room and sat on the bed and just stared at each other in a kind of calm silence.

"I am going to take a shower" I announced. "Want to keep my company?" I suggested. I went to my dresser to pull out my night gown while I waited for your response.

"You mean take a shower with you?" She asked with a confused look on her face.

"Um... you can, it saves water!" I answered in a joking way, but I wasn't joking "But I meant sit there and talk to me." She looked away from me to think. 

Without looking back she responded. "I might as well that way you won't have to wait for me to take a shower." 

She got up to get her sleeping clothes as my heart started to race. After all the months of my gentle flirting with her, this is what it took to finally see her naked. I was in shock. I went into the bath room and started the shower. I all of a sudden became really nervous. We closed to door behind us and locked it. We undressed in silence as I tried in vain not to steal glances at her beautiful body. Her long pale legs, full breast, the swell of her hips and then finally between her legs. She was breathe taking head to toe. I became really self-conscious about my not so perfect body. 

I jumped in the shower first hoping she wouldn't notice the wetness that was already starting to seep from within me. I couldn't think straight. She got in and we traded places so that she was under the stream of water. I admired her backside as she began cleaning herself. We traded places several times not saying a word then she asked me to wash her back. I was trembling as I did it.

"Thanks, turn around let me do you too." She said in a low voice, almost a whisper. I only nodded and obeyed as I wasn't able to form any words. I completely melted as she touched me, barely able to stand. Before I knew it I had let out a moan. We both froze, I thought I was going to die of embarrassment. Then I felt her against me and her lips on the back of my shoulder. One of her hands had wrapped around to fondle my breast and the other was holding me around my waist. She turned me around quickly as kissed me on the lips. I returned her kiss with passion. She pressed me against the wall and I moaned into her mouth. 

Her hands were all over my chest and waist. She broke away from our kiss, giving us both a chance to breather. She looked into my eyes and I saw something there I had never seen before. She kissed my chin and then her lips made contact me my neck. My knees went weak and she pressed harder against me. I couldn't stand any longer.

She pulled away from me long enough for us to get out of the shower. As we dried each other off I couldn't help but wonder what had just happened. We couldn't bring ourselves to stop touching each other though. Once back in my room we both sat down on my bed.

"I'm sorry" she started "do you want me to leav-"

"No please don't, you have no idea how much I have been wanting to kiss you." She looked up at me with unsure eyes. I leaned in and kisses her. "Please don't go Lily." Her hands wrapped around my waist pulling me closer to her and she kissed me again. This time harder than before. I couldn't believe that my dream was finally coming true. Everywhere she touched me I felt on fire.