 Okay here is the ending. Not feeling too confident about this one but thought I should at least finish the story. Going to really try to improve my writing. Hope You enjoy it.

*

We laid down on our sides facing each other, kissing and exploring each other mouths. I felt her hand on my thigh slowly sneaking up my gown. My hand were in her long hair. I kissed her chin and neck. As if impatient she push her hand up my gown and pulled me closer to her. She began to message little circles into the small of my back while I barely manage to breathe.

I pushed her onto her back and straddled her. I nibble my way down her neck and then I kissed her nipples through her shirt and she got my gown off. I felt the goose bumps raise of my skin. And she cupped my breast in her large hands. She rolled my nipple between her long fingers and then trailed her hands down my waist, stopping and my panties.

"May I?" she asked in a husky voice.

I nodded for her to proceed and she slide her hand into my panties. I trembled as her warm hand made contact with me. She explored before finally touching my slit. I heard her suck in a breathe as she felt my soaking wet slit. She massage my slit, not touching my clit but not penetrating me neither. I began gyrating against her finger. I leaned down and kissed her neck and she teased me. She stroked my faster then finally slipped her long finger deep inside me. I shudder and let out a moan. The wet sound of her fingering my pussy filled my ears. I could her panting as I rode her finger. Rocking back and forth. When I started going faster she slipped another finger inside. I could feel m release coming. When she curled her fingers, pressing, against my sweet spot, I couldn't hold it in any longer. I felt as if my whole body had exploded as I shook on top of her, riding out my orgasm. I kissed her as I let to waves of pleasure course through me. She slowly pulled out of me and brought them to her lips. She drew them into her mouth and sucked them clean with a look of ecstasy on her face.

That was the last thing I could remember. The next morning I woke up with her arm around me and we were both cuddled up in my bed under the covers. I felt so warm and safe in her arms. I threaded my fingers back into her and started to drift back to sleep when I heard her whisper into my ear.

"Why didn't we start doing that sooner?" I could feel her smiling and I giggles and I turned around to kiss her.

"I guess we were both afraid."

"I still am." She admitted. A part of my felt the same way. I didn't want to lose her as friend and I dint want this to be something that happened once that we never talked about again. Everything felt so right being with her. I don't know what I would do if I lost my best friend.

I kissed her softly on the lips and then her neck. I glance over at the clock before I continued. Luckily we still had a couple hours before anyone would be up. My hands made their way up her shirt to knead her full breast. She helped me get her shirt off and then laid back down on her back. She blushed as I admired her chest. I kissed and nibbled her tummy and slowly made my way up to her breast. Her large pink nipples would hard with anticipation. I licked and kissed one of her nipples before I sucked it into my mouth. After repeated to the other I kissed her neck again. She moaned softly when my lips made contact with her skin. I began to play with the waist band of her pants before slipping my hand under them and caressing her through her panties. I could already feel how moist she was but I continued to tease her. She began to push her hips up into my hand.

I could tell she was getting impatient with me. I turned my attention back to her breasts as she continued to grind into my hand. She started to moan for me more then I pushed my hand into her panties and started to slide my fingers up and down her slit. Her back arched as I buried two fingers deep inside her. I could feel her pussy sucking at my fingers. I fingered her and slowly brought her to her climax as I continued to rain kisses all over her neck and chest. She would gasp every time I curled my fingers. When I started to feel her muscles contracting, I played with her clit with my thumb. She shuddered under my touch, letting out a long satisfied moan. She caressed my face and gently pulled me toward her for a soft tender kiss. We both fell back asleep a different person than we were the day before.