 Episode Six: Porn Producer Kimmy

DISCLAIMER: The following story is a work of fiction. It features a public person as a character, but strictly in a fictional setting that in no way implies the private interests or personal behavior of the public person in fact parallels the scenes depicted below. This article has not been approved by or presented to the public person for endorsement or comment. Any similarity between the actual acquaintances and actions of the public person portrayed here, and the content of this story, is strictly coincidental.

* * * * *

ABOUT KIMMY:

Kimmy doesn't remember her dreams. Sometimes she wakes up in the night, skin damp and clammy, her body flushed, and for a moment there's a ghost of recall but it doesn't last as long as it takes to press long slender fingers to her groin. The moist memory of something is still fresh, there, although the sleep images which made her so are gone.

Despite great beauty, Kimmy rarely sleeps with anyone. Her usual bedtime companion is a tattered, battered teddy bear who attended her every girlhood every tea party. So her night visitations can't be clutched at when she wakes from a tossing rest, told to another before the ghost in her brain vanishes. To know what dances among the neurons when Kimmy sleeps, we must steal into her ear, make our way finally along the nerves and set exploring to find that region where her mind lives as her conscious body rests.

And yes, there is a party tonight in Kimmy's brain.

Perhaps we should dress for the occasion first, with a little more knowledge of the woman whose very secret self we will invade. Kimmy is young, just a little older than the law requires to serve her a drink she would only sip from politeness. She was raised well, uses good table manners and doesn't care to see feelings hurt, is kind to animals, watches her small budget and yearns to do something important in her life. Most families would be very proud indeed to welcome as a son's bride this petite, slender blonde with the swan's neck, defined jaw line and straight nose.

Perhaps. There's another side to Kimmy that proves the old adage, "You gotta watch the quiet ones."

She is a bisexual woman with an unquenchable sex drive. Her closet is filled with slutty clothes and rows of very high-heeled shoes. At the private strip club where she is the only dancer, she sometimes fucks the customers ... on stage, on a table, or in the parking lot - and sometimes in groups of 20 to 40 at a time. Often she goes to work dripping cum, stoppered in her ass with a butt plug, gathered in a noonday cruise for cock among the businessmen's bars in town. And when she's not working, Kimmy's at home with a huge assortment of toys she uses while chatting about sex on the Internet - or for fucking with one of her several bisexual girlfriends. Sometimes she has them tie her up and dominate the tiny girl with the very full, silicon-enhanced bosom.

Kimmy's appetites are not the norm, perhaps, but she shares a habit with many people. She sees someone attractive, perhaps someone interesting in personal manners or even spiritual ways more than physically, and develops a crush on that stranger. And she's shy about it, even as many of us are. But where the average young woman with a harmless crush on a handsome stranger might contrive ways to peek from the sides of her eyes at her new attraction, Kimmy wonders how she could ask him to fuck her senseless. Or how to get that foxy woman, rather than a hot guy, in bed. Kimmy is an equal opportunity lay.

Also, like many others, Kimmy is a bit star-struck. She has an open heart as well as open legs, so for her a crush on a famous actor, beautiful model, or popular singer is a brief imaginary love affair of great intensity. In fact, her response is a flood of fluids down her thighs. She often daydreams about being a star-fucker. She doesn't remember them, but her night dreams are often filled with celebrity sex. And we, the dream invaders, are going to join her.

When we are wandering around Kimmy's dreams, it might be best if we wear stainproof raincoats with hoods.

* * * * *

Ordinarily Kimmy is a tidy young woman. She keeps up with simple messes all the time, puts her dirty clothing in the hamper, diligently uses part of every weekend for a more thorough housecleaning (she hates doing the bathroom so always gets it over with first). Tonight the remains of dinner congeal in a bowl on a tray beside her bed, clothes are obviously tossed carelessly about, and our beautiful dreamer sprawls naked atop her covers while the television presents a late night program of "snow."

Once again we are about to sneak into her dear brain to see what dreams she will create, stealing from her our own nightly fantasies. We can tell from the cassette case lying tentlike on the floor Kimmy has been indulging her delight in pornographic films. She probably fell asleep during this one, and that's why there is such a mess around. Maybe we are in for a serious treat tonight. Who from the world of porn would Kimmy decide to embrace in her star-fucking dreams?

Oh, how nice - she's well into this dream! We are in a very confusing place - look, walls but they are fakes, held up by braces in their rear, a beautiful bedroom within the walls' painted enclosure, but no ceiling - just lots of bars swaying above, hung with odd kinds of lamps. People swarm all over, most of them sort of hazy shapes, more quick cartoons of people than real ones.

Hey, there's Kimmy! She's dressed funny - wearing pants like riding breeches, the kind with balloon thighs but tight on the belly and lower leg, high black leather boots to just below her knees, a loose blouse, a scarf around her neck, and a beret. She has a riding-crop held between her arm and chest, and is shouting through a megaphone. Of course, here in Kimmy's dreams we never hear anything, but it's clear she is the boss-lady of what must be a movie set.

Kimmy is not just putting herself in a porn flick, she is producing and directing one. Making movies is not in her life's experience, so how does she know the details of a movie set? Well, no matter, it's her dream, we are watching and this is good. Kimmy waves forward a couple of hot-looking babes - one is wearing nothing but a thong bikini bottom, the other is in a robe but naked underneath - and they run over to a couple of very good-looking guys to kneel before them and start blow jobs. Those are called "fluff girls," generally wanna-be porn actresses whose job is to keep the actors ramrod-ready for action.

More movement distracts our attention. Kimmy's dream movie is pretty good quality, the crew is using film rather than video cameras. A cameraman rolls a dolly-mounted camera over by this very nice bed in the middle of the set, lining up for the next scene. Some other hazy figures are changing light angles and putting colored gels across their fronts to turn the mood into a soft scene. Oops - one of the fluff girls has done her job too well - the actor she's sucking is obviously going to come. She pinches his long prick with both hands while the poor guy's face turns red. Bet stopping that ejaculation made his balls swell up. But he's a professional, his wad is reserved for the film.

Now Kimmy seems to be consulting her script. A very cute girl, probably the continuity manager, is pointing to things and shaking her head. She's a brunette with stupendous tits, wearing very tall heels and a skirt that just wraps around a small but nice ass. Kimmy is staring at the girl's tits instead of listening. Oh, something has gotten through to our blonde dreamer, she raises her thin light brown eyebrows and nods and points to where the fluff girls are doing their job.

The continuity manager rolls her ass deliciously above those great legs and heels and her tits sway like trees in a hurricane as she strolls over. Apparently the guys aren't needed in this scene. One immediately pulls his cock out of the girl's mouth and walks away in evident irritation. The guy who was going to come grins, looks down at the girl working on his rod, pulls her to her feet, turns her around, kicks her legs wider apart, and begins fucking her doggy style. He'll get to shoot a double load in this one. The continuity manager looks on, pulling one beautiful large sloping breast from her blouse, holding it out to the guy to suck while he fucks.

Kimmy's dreams are at least as good as porn flicks.

And speaking of porn flicks, actresses are gathered on the set. A beautiful woman, a blonde vision, lies on the bed. Good grief, it is another Kimmy - she is directing herself in a fuck film. This ought to be interesting. She's dressed in a gauzy pink robe that is sexier than if she were naked. Overhead, two actresses on nearly invisible slings are flying around dropping flower petals all over. Another actress stands at the foot of the bed tossing flowers onto Kimmy, and a splendid big blonde dressed like a fairy is about to mount the bed. At last - here is our star - Jenna Jameson.

Producer Kimmy stands tall in her tight black boots and gives a signal. Flower petals spill in a shower from an overhead bin onto the set. Jenna plants a strong leg on either side of actress Kimmy and presents her pud to our dreamer. Actress Kimmy sticks out her tongue to begin licking the shining slit when a petal drops on the tiny pink tip of the tongue. Our dream actress is able to take advantage of the chance happening, and slowly tucks the flower up into Jenna's body. The blonde puts both her hands under her breasts, closes her eyes in evident ecstasy and sinks down onto the soft probe in her pussy.

As this action proceeds, the other female "fairies" gather around the bed and begin massaging both women with handfuls of the flower petals. One batch smears in a colorful stripe down the side of actress Kimmy's leg. With their hands, these women worship the bodies of the two stars before them, Jenna and star-fucking dream porn queen Kimmy.

Jenna takes a bottle of massage oil from one of the fairies and pours it over Kimmy's torso. She pours more over her own incredible body, her strong shoulders, elegant neck and large breasts. The oil runs down to the valley between her thighs and drips onto Kimmy's chin and neck. Then Jenna begins smoothing the oil all over Kimmy's full bosom and slender trunk. Jenna's strong hands work the oil into the fair skin of our dreamer. The fairies cluster at the head of the bed and begin massaging Jenna front and back at the same time, sometimes sliding sly little hands down the crack of her ass and tickling her anus.

Jenna arches her back, points her proud chest up toward the lights above, and allows her attendants to pleasure her firm body. Kimmy begins licking even more fervently at the woman's organs above her mouth and is rewarded when Jenna appears to enjoys a small orgasm that dumps cum to mingle with the oil on actress Kimmy's face.

We sneak a look across the set a producer Kimmy. She's using one hand to tell a cameraman to slowly move his shot in closer, and her other hand is busy rubbing her crotch through the tight pants. The tan fabric looks a little dark there, maybe she's getting wet. On the far side of producer Kimmy the now-useless male actor is pumping a heavy stream of cum into the mouth and on the face of his erstwhile fluff girl. She seems to be very happy about that. The actor, is, too. The continuity manager, who should be watching everything happening on the set, is neglecting her job. Both of her mountainous breasts lay out on top of her opened blouse, her skirt is pulled up and she's finger-fucking herself watching the actor achieve his pleasure. Our Kimmy is dreaming a very nasty dirty movie shoot.

Back on the set, the arrangement of people has changed. Jenna sits on a little stool to one side of the bed, two of the fairies caressing and massaging her, sucking her nipples, licking her from head to toe. She is enjoying the attention, several fingers of one hand sliding in and out her cunt. Actress Kimmy has been turned over on the bed, her legs spread wide and the filmy pink robe lifted above the lovely half-moons of her ass cheeks. Two more fairies are oiling her bottom, thighs, calves and feet, and also running their hands over the slit peeking out between those lovely legs. Intermittently some fingers seem to find their way into the girl's bodily openings.

Actress Kimmy raises her head to speak, but as she does so one of the fairies slips a pink silk cloth around her face, covering her mouth. Her straight nose pokes up against the cloth, she can breathe but she stops trying to speak. Is this scripted? It works, in any event.

She follows the two fairies with her big brown eyes while they pull the pink robe entirely off, then oil her back and arms. Jenna has pulled one of the fairies into her lap so they can gently slide their shaved mounds and feminine parts against each other. While those two make pleasure, the other fairies finish with actress Kimmy and turn her back over on the bed. They pull her legs wider apart and begin to gently finger her anus and vagina. As they do so, they also tug on her legs to slide her toward the edge of the bed's end.

Producer Kimmy, now well beyond her level of experience as a film director, is letting the camera operators do whatever they want. The cameramen move their equipment around in a voyeur's dance, and director Kimmy has her riding pants open, the continuity manager kneeling before the chair eagerly lapping up cum from our dream director's glistening crotch. Kimmy in the chair is lightly slapping the quim chomper's back with the riding crop. Director Kimmy is hors de combat. We look back at the porno set.

Jenna has had one of the dream-fast costume changes. Now she's in a pair of extreme spike-heeled stiletto shoes, a black latex harness around her chest, both breasts showing through holes for them, wearing a large black strap-on penis. Her labial lips show through a gap below the balls of the phony fuck tool.

With a deliberate manner , flanked by an "honor guard" of the four fairies, Jenna steps to access Kimmy's prominently-displayed pussy at the edge of the bed. Jenna leans over, arms placed to either side of Kimmy's body, points the big hard rubber cock at our dreamer's little hole, and pushes it into Kimmy to its full length. Actress Kimmy likes this very much and begins to thrust forward onto the pole piercing her nether region.

The other women grab Kimmy's hips and push down, not allowing her to move as the cock slowly enters her. Jenna slowly withdraws the dildo from Kimmy, and lies back on the floor by the bed, two cameras moving in from either side for a clear shot. One of the fairies moves to her and licks and sucks on the strap-on dildo poking up in the air above Jenna. Meanwhile, the other fairies pick actress Kimmy up in a sitting position between their interlocked arms, carry her to the spot where Jenna lies, and gently lower Kimmy back down onto the false erection, the girl that was sucking on the dildo guiding the plastic poker into her cunny. Jenna slowly fucks Kimmy from below.

Actress Kimmy then feels something pushing at her asshole. When she looks back, it is another girl working a dildo into her ass. We can tell that she moans into the gag as she enjoys the feel of both rubber cocks inside her, filling up her holes. She look around and sees a lesbian orgy, the other three women playing with each other in a triangle, using dildos and tongues on each other.

Trying to thrust and quicken the pace of the dildos inside her pleasantly tortured passage, actress Kimmy realizes Jenna and the woman assfucking her are both holding our dreamer in place. Kimmy tosses her head and hair wildly but her urgent need is ignored. A moment later, the film fairy using a dildo in Kimmy's ass pulls the tool out and moves over to the other girls. Magically, one of the other girls is suddenly behind Kimmy, also equipped with a strapon and teases her asshole but does not enter. Kimmy then feels the second strapon pressing hard into her love tunnel next to the first substitute cock, working in very slowly. She is going to have a double dildo penetration in her pussy.

Soon she is filled with both dildos in the same hole. Both move in and out at the same time. We can tell by her movements and the rippling of the gag about her face she is moaning louder and louder, probably urging the female fuckers to drive them deeper. She again tries to speed their motions in her needy belly, but is unable to do so. Jenna sits up, facing Kimmy, to kiss her cheeks and untie the gag. Before Kimmy has the chance to beg - she is not shy at all about asking for sexual attention -Jenna pushes her lips to Kimmy's and kisses the girl deeply. While both women fuck Kimmy's pleasure channel from front and rear with the strapons, Jenna sustains the kiss. This is the trigger for actress Kimmy; she begins to shake as she orgasms on the double dildo penetration.

Her body breaks the enchantment of climax, and she thrashes around, stirring the dildos in her stretched sex hole, while kissing Jenna back hard. The fairy fucking from the rear pulls out of Kimmy's cunny, allowing Jenna to push Kimmy over onto her back. Arched over the quivering pink star-fucker, Jenna thrusts the dildo in deep one last time, then pulls free and moves the dripping rod to Kimmy's wide-open mouth.

Eyes closed, actress Kimmy feels the dildo enter her mouth. She slowly sucks it clean while also rubbing her clitoris with one hand. When the dildo is all clean it is removed from her mouth and Kimmy open her eyes to look around. The dream has begun to disintegrate - everyone but Jenna has vanished. She leans down and gives Kimmy one last, deep kiss as she fades away. We dream invaders similarly fade to black as Kimmy's fantasy film shoot ends.

* * * * *

(c)Copyright, 2000 by Wil E. Harden, Bryn Mawr, CA 92318 • All Rights Reserved • Published by permission of the author on Literotica for non-commercial, individual private entertainment - not to be reproduced or copied in any fashion without written permission of the author