 It had been fun hanging out awhile. The afternoon had passed quickly. The sun had been very nice. 

"Well, I've got to get going. My parents have some big thing planned," Helen told Rita as they lounged on the balcony of Rita's hotel room in bathing suits while smoking and drinking Diet Coke. The two gals were on vacation with their families. Their fathers were partners of the same company and the two families had decided to spend together 2 weeks in Rhodes, a lovely well-known Greek island in southeastern Aegean Sea. 

Helen got up and walked through the sliding glass door into the living area where -after taking a long drag- she set her cigarette in an ashtray and slid into a pair of cut-offs and a T-shirt. Rita walked in a moment later. 

"I wish I could hang here longer, sis," Helen told her after retrieving the cigarette, "but my mom said it's something big; they won't tell me what." 

"That's cool, Helen," Rita replied. "Call me later and let me know." 

Rita, puffing on her own cigarette, was wearing the bottom of a yellow bikini. She had taken the top off when they had gotten back from the hotel's indoor pool because it was tight and was hurting her tits. It was no big deal; 19-year-old Rita and 18-year-old Helen had seen each other nude numerous times. Earlier, they had been trying on several swimsuits and Rita literally pulled a one-piece off of Helen because she wanted her to wear a two-piece. In the end, she refused and dressed in the orange one-piece because she was insecure about her developing body. 

When they got to the front door, Rita and Helen leaned in to kiss good-bye like they always did. When their lips met this time, though, Rita parted hers and pushed her tongue into her friend's mouth. Helen was stunned and excited at the same time. She returned the tongue action and was becoming more aroused as she felt Rita' tits -twice as big as her own- pushing against the fabric of her T-shirt. With her free hand (her cigarette was in one), Rita rubbed Helen's back. It seemed like the kiss would last forever, but eventually it had to end. 

"Ummm," Rita managed, "so that's what that's like. Not really much difference, I guess" and put the cigarette back between her lips. 

"Oh, yeah!" Helen, the taller of the two, said. "I've got to, like, um, go now. Bye, sis." 

"Bye, sis," Rita returned as Helen walked out the door. 

When Helen got home, she found out the "big thing" was just dinner at some restaurant. It wasn't even a very nice restaurant; she wore her shorts and T-shirt there. Upon arriving home from the restaurant, Helen found herself very tired and decided to take a nap. She went up to her bedroom, stripped off her clothes and peeled the orange bathing suit that was still underneath from her skin, put on some cotton panties -no bra- and got into bed where she drifted into the land of dreams, all the while thinking about the kiss that her and her best girlfriend had shared earlier. 

Next time Helen opened her eyes, it seemed as though they were playing tricks on her. She thought she saw Rita sitting on her bedroom couch wearing a black and red teddy, but that wasn't possible. Or was it? Helen closed her eyes and rubbed them vigorously. When she opened them again, Rita was still there! 

"Good morning, mademoiselle!" Rita said between puffs on a cigarette. "Did you sleep well?" 

"What are you doing here, Rita?" Helen was thoroughly confused. 

Rita laughed as she exhaled smoke into the air. "I'm here because you want me here and we both know it", she winked. 

"I don't know what you're talking about!" Helen claimed. 

"Sure you do," Rita said as she delicately uncrossed her legs and stood up.

"Hey, Rita, YOU kissed me, if that's what you're talking about!"

"Yeah, but only because you begged me to with your eyes, sis!" 

The sexy brunette slowly walked towards the bed that Helen still lay on. As she reached it, she took hold of the sheets that covered her speechless friend and pulled them off. 

"Look at me," she said as the topless teen turned her head away. "Look at me!" 

Slowly, Helen turned her head back and looked into Rita' piercing eyes. 

"Now, stand up!" 

Helen did as she was told and found she was unexpectedly looking straight into her short friend's eyes. She broke the eye contact to look down and see that Rita was, in fact, wearing black high heels. Before Helen -who's left shoulder was brushing against a wall- looked back up, Rita lifted her left leg up onto the bed that was behind the younger woman, effectively boxing her in. 

With a wicked smile on her face, Rita took Helen's right hand in her left and placed it on her exposed left thigh. Then, after giving the cigarette that she held in her right hand to Helen to hold, she took her friend's face in both hands, brought their lips together, and kissed Helen for the second time. 

After the kiss ended, Helen turned away again, closed her eyes, and took a long drag on Rita's cigarette. While blowing smoke out of her nostrils, she opened her eyes, turned her head back towards her friend and smiled. She also began massaging the meaty thigh that her hand had been resting on. 

"You know, Rita," she said, "you 're right! I think I do want this." 

"I knew you did, honey," Rita responded as she leaned in to kiss Helen once more. 

Breaking that kiss a moment later, Rita set her high heel-clad left foot back on the ground, put her hands on Helen's thin waist, and attempted to engulf one of her tits in her mouth. Helen was soon moaning from pleasure, so Rita, eager to provide even more, removed her lips from the small breast and daintily got down on her knees. 

"What are you going to do?" Helen asked in a voice sounding not quite nervous. 

Rita looked up and smiled. "This!" she said as she yanked Helen's panties down her slender legs to her ankles, then grabbed one ass cheek in each hand and pulled Helen towards her, drilling her tongue into her best friend's moist pussy. As Rita was lapping away, Helen continued to take drags on the cigarette. Eventually, though, the pleasure became so great that she couldn't even concentrate enough to remember to inhale and exhale. Just before she reached orgasm, she managed to lean over and set the cigarette down on a nearby windowsill. 

As the climax hit her, Helen began to spasm, pulling away from Rita' face and driving her ass cheeks into Rita' fingernails. She screamed in what was a mixture of both pain and pleasure and then collapsed on the bed. Rita licked her gooey lips, then stood up and took the cigarette from the windowsill. She took a couple of puffs, then set it down in an ashtray before returning her attention to Helen. 

"Well?" Rita asked. 

"Well, what?" Helen replied, looking up at Rita. 

"Well, how was I?" Rita said with a big grin. 

"Unbelievable! You were absolutely unbelievable, Rita!"

"That's what I figured!" 

Rita climbed on top of Helen and started sucking on her neck. While Helen again moaned in pleasure, she had time to think. 

"Wait, Rita! Stop!" she said after a few moments. Rita didn't respond for about a minute, but Helen continued to tell her to stop, and so she did, leaving the slightest trace of a hickey on Helen's neck. She looked into her lover's eyes and kissed her lower lip.

"What is it, baby?" she asked. 

"It's your turn now. I want to give you some pleasure!" 

"I was hoping you'd say that!" Rita replied and kissed again Helen on the lips, then on each breast, and finally on her flat stomach before standing up. She made sure that Helen was watching; then she slowly removed the teddy. Now she was, like Helen, completely nude (except for the heels and a couple of rings). Her body, however, was much different than her friend's. Rita was shorter and slightly thicker. She had perky tits that were -while not extremely big- much larger than Helen's small boobs. Her butt was wider and her pubic region was densely covered with dark hairs; Helen's had recently been shaven. 

Helen stood up and embraced Rita. They kissed passionately once more, then Helen began nibbling on one of Rita' ears. As she continued this, Rita took one of Helen's hands and started sucking on her fingers one at a time. After all five fingers were good and wet, Rita started to stick one in her own neglected pussy, but one of her little feet somehow slipped out of it's heel, making her lose her balance and fall backwards on her butt. 

"Shit!" she shouted as she landed hard. Helen had almost gone down with her, but had managed to remain standing. Now, she got onto her knees and started rubbing Rita's legs. 

"Are you okay?" she asked. 

"Yeah, I'm okay!" Rita said with a smile. "I'll have a sore ass tomorrow, but I'm okay." 

"Roll over, honey, and I'll see if I can't do something about that sore butt!" Helen winked.

Smiling, Rita rolled over on the ground and closed her eyes. She moaned softly as Helen sat on her back and started to rub her butt. 

"Stick a finger in!" Rita said after a couple of minutes, so Helen did. After a few more minutes, Helen squeezed a second one in but pulled them both out a moment later. 

"What are you doing, sweetness?" Rita asked with her eyes closed. 

"This!" Helen responded (imitating Rita from earlier) as she brought her open hand down hard against Rita's fleshy ass, causing her to open her eyes and squeal in mild pain. 

"Helen! What the..." 

SLAP! Helen's hand hit Rita's bottom again and -SLAP!- again. 

"Oh, Helen!" she cried as her lover slapped her again. "I can't take it anymore! I can't..." 

SLAP! The pain from the continuous slaps caused Rita to well up and start crying, but, at the same time, the pain also somehow felt good, and so she slid her hand underneath her body and squeezed three fingers into her cunt. She began pumping them in and out as hard as she could, all the while sobbing as her girlfriend continued to spank her, causing an immeasurable mixture of pain and pleasure. 

Just as Rita was about to come, Helen stopped punishing her butt cheeks and stood up. She looked down at Rita, who continued to furiously work her digits in and out, harder and harder. After thirty seconds, Rita began screaming in orgasmic joy, her juices flooding onto the hardwood floor. 

The pleasure subsided and Rita, still weeping, rolled onto her –aching- ass, opened her eyes and looked up at Helen, who smiled at her. Reaching down, Helen grabbed Rita's arm and helped her to stand. As Rita reached her feet, the young women embraced each other and kissed the other's lips. 

"Oh God, Helen," Rita panted, looking up into Helen's eyes and wiping her own, "that was so, so, so like, oh God! I have to lay down." 

Rita retrieved a fresh cigarette and lit it. As she walked back towards the bed, she grabbed Helen by her waist, pulled her close, and kissed her bottom lip. Releasing Helen, Rita took a long drag and got onto the bed. Helen climbed onto the bed next to Rita and set her hand on Rita's thigh. 

"Come on, honey," she said. "I'm just getting started!" 

Rita puffed on her cigarette, kissed Helen again, and replied: "Stop pouting, baby. I am too tired, but if you just turn around..." 

Helen turned towards the door just in time to see it open. Standing in the doorway, wearing only pink panties, a pink bra, and pink heels, was Rita and her cousin Marina, a 19-year-old student. She looked good: her body was hard, her boobs were big, and her ass was firm. After Marina got a good look, she held up her right hand, which was holding a large dildo! But suddenly...

"It's time for breakfast!"

"What?" Helen exclaimed. 

"It's time for breakfast!" Helen's mother said as she shook her awake. "Get up, honey, it's time for breakfast." 

Helen opened her eyes and immediately realized that it had all been a dream. "Okay, Mom," she said as her mother was stepping out of the room, "I'll be right down." 

As Helen remained again alone, she drove her hand on her dripping wet pussy and slipped in two fingers, one by one. She moaned heavily and started to finger herself furiously. Before getting up she had to enjoy a good masturbation while picturing Rita and Marina.