 I would like to thank LittleLilith for giving up her time to edit this story.

I felt a bit disoriented as I woke up. I was lying naked in a bed, with a sheet over me, but I couldn't see much further than the end of the mattress. I tried to gather my thoughts and remember how I'd gotten here, but I couldn't seem to concentrate. I thought I could see movement in the shadows around me, but I couldn't make out any shapes. Then a figure walked out of the shadows by the foot of the bed. She was stunning; a tall, somewhat fair-skinned woman with long black hair down to her hips, completely nude. Her eyes caught mine; I could hardly look away from them, even as she slowly pulled the sheet off of me.

Before I could react, she leaned down and started kissing my ankle. I was frozen with terror, not knowing what to do. She started kissing up my thigh, moving further and further up my leg. I wanted to scream, to run away, to do something, but I just lied there. Her kisses were getting closer to ... there, and I was horrified of what I was letting her do. I didn't want this, did I? Her ascent slowed as she traversed my upper thigh, never quite making it to the peak. I could feel her warmth, she was so close. Just a little bit closer, a little higher.... "No!" I tried to shout out but no words came. I tried to scoot down a little, anticipating her breath, but her kisses stayed just a little too far away. Her eyes were staring into mine, waiting for something.

We stayed at an impasse, her lips tantalizingly close, and my lips refusing to speak. "No, stop, please stop!" I wanted to yell but I couldn't. Eventually I managed to whisper, "Please..." She nodded slightly and, still keeping her eyes locked on mine, continued upwards, finally reaching...

"No!!"

I woke with a start, sitting up and bashing my head into the bunk above me. "Oww!" My vision swam as I lied back down. I tried to sort out what had just happened. "It was a dream, just a dream. It didn't mean anything." Images of looking down at the girl's head between my legs drifted through my mind.

"You okay down there?" Sarah called from the upper bunk.

"Yeah, just a ... bad dream, followed by braining myself on your bunk."

"Want to talk about it?"

"No, it was nothing, nothing important." 

"Fuck!" I tried to remind myself that it was just a dream, but to be honest, this wasn't really the first one like it. My dreams had started in this direction over summer break, and had become more and more intense. Also, to make things worse, the crotch of my panties was rather damp. I tried to stop thinking about it and get to sleep, but my mind kept coming back to images from the dream, her body as she climbed up towards me. Why was I obsessing about this? My eyes started to water a little. I didn't want this, didn't know how to deal with it. She would hate me if she found out about this. It couldn't be true. Sniff

I heard Sarah moving above me. Without warning, she leaped down to the floor. By the meagre light coming through the window I could see her dark hair float after her as she landed gracefully. It gently fell along her back, stopping just above her petite bottom, which was too smooth and perfect for me to be able to think of it as an 'ass'. 'Derrière' was more fitting, but that still didn't do it justice. I realized that I'd been lying there staring at it and quickly looked away, a blush creeping onto my cheeks. She came and sat on the side of my bed, hopefully ignorant of my staring.

"Jenny? What's wrong? You know you can talk to me about anything, right?" She caringly stroked my arm as I sat up.

"It's stupid; I shouldn't bother you with it. You have class in the morning and I don't want to keep you up about things that don't matter. It was really nothing important. You..." I was floundering somewhat, not wanting to ignore her concern, but not able to tell her what I was actually thinking.

"This matters more than my stupid world civ class. Look, everyone has sex dreams, it's no..."

"What?! Why do you think ... I didn't ... I mean what makes you think that's what it was?" My blush deepened. I was glad the lights were off.

"Before you woke up you were, well, kind of moaning and whispering 'please' over and over." My blush got even worse, if possible. I hid my face in my hands, sure she would be able to see it, even in the dark. My eyes started to fill with tears again. She slid closer to me and started caressing my arm. "It's really okay, it doesn't necessarily mean anything. It's obviously bothering you, but just remember, I'm here for you no matter what." Tears were streaming down my face by this point. "You can tell me."

"It was . . ." I took a deep breath and tried to force the words out. I've always been bad at keeping secrets from Sarah, and this one made me feel like I would explode. I eventually managed to blurt out, "Itwasaboutyou." I mentally braced for whatever was coming next.

Her hand continued to slide up and down my arm comfortingly. Honestly, that was the only thing that kept me from bolting, finding somewhere to hide from the embarrassment. Eventually she broke the silence, "Well, um ... so, what do you want to do? About us?"

"I can move out if you want, I mean, I don't want to make you uncomfortable, I think Melanie could probably move in with you so you don't have to worry about rent, and I could find some other off-campus hou-," I was interrupted by her finger on my lips.

"I think you misunderstood me. I was thinking more along the lines of this:" She leant in closer and pressed her lips against mine. In romantic movies, kissing scenes were always slowed down, with gentle music playing in the background. I had always thought that was a huge exaggeration, but the way her lips felt, the way they tasted, how I could feel her hot breath, made dramatic lighting and music seem like a gross understatement.

I found my hands on her waist as she held my head in her hands, pulling me into the kiss. I could taste the strawberry lip balm she always used, and without thinking I licked her lips slightly, making the taste stronger. Her tongue parted her lips and met mine. Panicking slightly, I broke the kiss and sat back, catching my breath.

A dozen different thoughts ran through my head, but only one managed to get out. "Wow."

"Was that okay?" Her voice sounded a little worried.

"It was amazing!" That had come out a bit too loudly. More quietly I added, "Could ... could I kiss you again?" I had no idea what to do in this situation, but somehow my voice ignored me over-thinking things.

"As you wish." She leaned in closer. Before I could chide her for her habit of quoting The Princess Bride, we were kissing. I soon found myself on my back with Sarah on top of me, straddling my right leg. My hands snaked their way under her shirt, rubbing her bare back and pulling her against me. Her breasts were pressed against mine through our shirts as her tongue timidly met mine. I gradually moved my hands up her back, pulling her shirt up with them. My thumbs tenderly rubbed the sides of her breasts, causing her to moan slightly into my mouth. She gasped when my thumb grazed her left nipple.

She sat up, and for a moment I was worried I had gone too far. Then she pulled off her t-shirt and tossed it to the floor. I looked up at her, transfixed by her breasts. They were a bit on the small side, I guess, but they looked so round and smooth, I couldn't see how they could possibly be improved upon. She leaned down to kiss me again, but I pulled her against me and rolled her onto her back. She moaned slightly as I kissed my way down her neck. I couldn't help myself; her skin tasted so good. I kissed my way over her collarbone, then slowly curved around the side of her breast. Her hands were on my hips, pulling them against hers. By this time I could feel a wet spot on her panties as they were pressed against my leg, my panties were completely soaked.

When my trail of kisses met her nipple, she let out a moan that was, for lack of a better term, dead sexy. "Ohhh, Jen!" She arched her back, simultaneously pressing her breast to my mouth and her thigh to my puss. Needless to say; it felt incredible. I danced the tip of my tongue against her firm nipple, which was noticeably hardened from the attention. Her hands slid up from my waist and pulled my shirt up, exposing my breasts. Her fingers ran over them, brushing my nipples, which stiffened in response. She lightly pinched one, causing me to gasp. She guided my head back up to hers, kissing me passionately again as her bare breasts pressed against mine.

Eventually I broke off the kiss, panting, trying to catch my breath. She lied beneath me, breathing heavily. I could feel her heart beating against my chest as I looked down into her eyes. A pleasant silence hung between us.

"So, what were we doing in your dream?" I could hear her smirk in her voice.

I began to get flustered again. "Umm, well I was lying on my back, umm, naked I guess, and you came and started, umm, kissing your way up my leg..."

She rolled me over onto my back and, after another quick kiss on the lips, asked, "And what were the 'pleases' for?"

"Well, umm, you weren't really reaching the, uhh, 'top'" I was blushing again, but this time it might have been partially due to her rubbing her hand up and down my thigh. Thankfully she didn't ask about my scream at the end. Instead she slowly scooted down my body, stopping momentarily at my chest, until she was sitting at the foot of the bed.

"Like this?" She kissed the tip of my big toe, then up the top of my foot, then my ankle. I could only manage a contented groan as a reply. By the time she reached my knee I was moaning and fondling my breasts. She eventually reached my upper thigh and moved up to place a short, almost chaste kiss on the top of my panties, not touching (but maddeningly close to) certain things. She paused and looked up at me while her fingers ran over the sides of my panties. "You're sure about this?"

I nodded and said, "I am if you are." She kissed the centre of the wet spot, then pulled my sodden panties down, revealing my puss. I have never really liked the sight of hair down there, so I tend to keep it fairly well trimmed. She reached down and helped me get my panties past my feet, then tossed them off to the side to join her shirt on the floor. She stared down at my puss. She was so close I could feel her breath, hot air tickling my sensitive skin. Slowly, almost apprehensively, she licked up my slit. Hearing my moan gave her confidence; she started licking faster and harder. Soon she had her tongue inside me, flexing it as her mouth sucked at the juices that had started flowing out.

I was in heaven; nerve impulses ran up my body, setting it afire with pleasure. "Oh God, Sarah!" I couldn't keep myself from crying her name as my hands went down, stroking her hair as I pulled her into me. She moved her mouth up to my clit, probing it with her tongue. My hips were gyrating beneath her, rubbing against her mouth and chin. One of her fingers ran up and down my slit before easing its way inside me. One of my hands came up to my nipple while the other stayed where it was, caressing her head, her neck, her cheek... She added another finger probing inside me while her tongue continued to attack my clit. I could feel my orgasm growing and, unable to keep it in, I came with a loud, guttural moan. My puss clenched around her fingers as my back arched, raising my hips into the air.

After what seemed like hours I calmed back down. She continued to suck at my puss, seemingly determined to get every last drop out of it, until I gestured for her to come up for another kiss. I could taste myself in her mouth; it was a strange taste, but good. "God, that was incredible!"

She grinned at me before saying, "I'm glad you liked it."

I kissed her again and rolled her over onto her back. "I love you, Sarah." It wasn't the first time I'd said I loved her, but it was the first time I'd meant it this much, in this way.

She seemed a bit surprised, but soon replied, "I love you too, Jen." I reached between us and rubbed my fingers over the front of her panties, which were now wetter than mine had been. I smiled and leaned down to whisper directly into her ear, "I think you've gotten a bit wet."

She whispered back into my ear, "I wonder why," then lightly nipped at my earlobe. I let out a light moan before leaning down for another intense kiss, all the while my fingers continued to rub the cloth of her panties against her slit. When my fingers brushed her clit she bit my lower lip, which caused me to grunt in pain, but it felt damn good as well. She grabbed my hand and ground it against her for a while, then pulled it up to her mouth and slowly sucked each of my fingers clean. She then guided my hand back down and, getting no arguments from me, slid it into her panties. She was completely shaven and my fingers easily slid up and down her slit. She started playing with my breasts as I slid my middle finger into her, pinching my nipples every time my thumb rubbed against her clit.

"Fuck!" she growled as I worked a second and third finger into her. It felt incredible having her squirm beneath me as she pressed herself against my hand. I started kissing down the side of her neck as her hands started squeezing my butt. My fingers quickened their tempo as her breathing became heavier. "Ohh, Jennifer. Fuck me. Oh, shit, God, fuck me," she moaned as I sucked on her neck. Sarah didn't usually swear much, which made it incredibly sexy to hear her driven to profanity by my fingers. She squeezed my cheeks harder, pressing her puss hard against my hand through her soaked panties. My fingers continued pumping in and out of her as my thumb assaulted her clit. I ground myself against my hand and was almost as close to the brink as Sarah was.

With a final exclamation Sarah came, my fingers deep inside her and my mouth sucking on her wonderful neck. I followed a few seconds later as she pulled me against her. Panting heavily as I recovered, I slipped my fingers out of her and brought them to my mouth, sucking them clean one by one. Sarah let out a contented sigh as she stroked my hair.

"That was amazing," she said softly, then pulled me into a tender kiss. She reached up past us, shutting off the alarm clock. "I'm thinking of taking tomorrow off as a 'personal day'."

"That sounds wonderful." 

She rolled me off of her and cuddled up behind me, then pulled the sheet over us. Her arm draped over me and, almost absent-mindedly, started softly stroking my breast under my ridden-up t-shirt. I could feel her warm body pressed against the entire length of mine. I sleepily whispered, "I love you Sarah."

"I love you too," she responded, and with that we drifted off to sleep.