 When we finally arrived at the resort, it was getting late already. The hotel I had booked stood a little apart from the rest and didn't have its own beach connected to it, but it looked really nice and was affordable. Plus, not being in an area with lots of drunken tourists was a definite advantage in my book. 

The lady at the reception looked a little tired when we walked in, pulling our suitcases behind us, sweating from the heat and the walk. My friend and sub Martina was looking around excited while I checked us in. I gave the receptionist our names and she looked them up. "Okay, that's... a suite, correct?" she looked at me over the rim of her glasses. 

I smiled my sweetest smile and nodded. "Unless you've got a dungeon with racks and whips for us, then by all means we'd take that," I said cheekily.

Martina slapped my butt and looked embarrassed at the clerk. She was very beautiful in that moment, her long dark hair framing her tanned, delicate face, a blush giving her a rosy complexion. Her skin was still shiny from sweat, which made her green dress cling to her body tightly, showing her enormous breasts nicely. The receptionist cleared her throat and turned her attention to the computer again. "Room 221A," she said finally, handing us our key cards. "Would you like me to show you?" 

I smiled again. "Well, that depends on what you'd like to show us." 

Without a word, she motioned us to follow her and led us towards the elevator. From behind, I got a nice view of her figure. She was dressed stylish, in a nice pants suit that was cut just tight enough to show her curves, and just loose enough not to be too sexy. I figured her to be about Martina's age, around 40, and she had bottle blonde hair which she wore in short curls. Her walk still had some sway in it that showed she liked to be sexy.

When we reached the elevator, she had already called it for us, and we all went inside. Martina took my hand as we went up, kissing me softly on the lips while the woman tried her best to ignore us and stared intensely at the buttons on the wall. I moaned a little from my girlfriend's touch and leaned back against the wall, grabbing her butt. "Mmmmh, not yet," I whispered, but loud enough that the woman could still hear us. "You'll get your taste of pussy soon enough."

When we arrived at the second floor, she led us down a corridor, all the way down towards the end. 221A was the last room at the right. With a keycard that was hanging from her neck, she unlocked the door for us and swung it open, letting us walk inside. "Is there anything I can do..." she started, clearing her throat again. "...Anything else you need from me?" 

We looked around the room. It was spacious, clean, light and smelled nice, with a large, comfortable looking bed on the window side and a nice, large bathroom. "Well," I said, turning towards her. "That depends on if you want to join us or not."

She looked at me hesitantly, not sure what to say. "I... I really don't know... what do you mean?" she stuttered. 

I let myself fall on the bed, exhausted from the trip, pulling up a leg. From where she was standing, she might have been able to look up my skirt and see my pubes and sweltering pussy. I lifted my arms under the back of my head and looked at her. "Well, we've come here to have as much fun as two girls can possibly have. As soon as you close that door, we'll be exchanging body fluids left and right. So if you want to join us in that, this is your chance."

Martina stood by the side, looking at me, then her, holding her breath. She was excited, and embarrassed at the same time, and didn't quite know what to say. The woman looked at me for a moment, then slowly closed the door behind her, taking a deep breath. I smiled. "I'm Kathrin," I said, introducing myself again, even though she already knew our names. 

She nodded. "Giulia," she said, still standing with her back against the door. 

I motioned Martina to come closer. "Lick me clean, my little girlfriend," I told her. 

Martina smiled, getting into a role that was comfortable and familiar to her. She went to the floor on all fours, slowly crawling up to me. When she had reached the bed, she carefully pushed my skirt up all the way and began to lick up along my thighs. If she minded the woman watching us, she didn't show it. I moaned, squirming a little when she had reached my pussy, lapping up the sweat and wetness from the trip as her nose rubbed against my damp pubes. "MMmh, you smell soo good today, mistress," she moaned as she inhaled deeply.

I nodded, running my left hand through her hair, pulling it back. "I hope so," I said. "Because there's a lot of me for you to lick. " She nodded, then pulled herself up, one hand resting on my pelvis as she slowly rubbed my clit while her head wandered up my body, kissing and licking my skin wherever it was exposed. She ran her tongue from my cleavage to my throat, then across my shoulder out to my arm, paying special attention to my armpits, my hair wet and clinging from sweat. Feeling her lick me there turned me on to no end.

I looked up again and saw Giulia still standing by the door, but now with a hand down the front of her pants while the other was playing with her breast under her jacket. I smiled. "Come closer," I said. "You'll get a better look from here." 

Hesitantly, she stepped forward, slowly walking to the side of the bed while Martina began kissing me, her fingers probing my pulsing pussy. I turned my head sideways towards her. "Make yourself comfortable," I said. She smiled nervously, but sat down on a chair besides the bed. As I pulled my dress under my breasts, letting them fall out full and heavy, playing with my nipples as Martina went back to sucking my clit, she opened her pants and her hand went back inside.

Martina knew exactly how to play with me, and with three fingers up my twat she rubbed my insides just as I liked it. I bit my teeth, breathing heavily, watching Giulia play with herself. "Mmmh, you like how my slut eats me out?" I asked her through clenched teeth. "You're jerking your cunt off watching her eat my soppy pussy, huh?" I pinched my nipples, groaning, as Martina bit my clit. 

Giulia nodded, moaning softly. I groaned again, pulling at Martina's hair. "You want her to eat you out too?" I asked the receptionist. She nodded again, too shy to speak.

Martina looked up at me, her lips and chin shiny from my pussy liquid. I nodded my head towards Giulia. "Go ahead," I said. Martina nodded and crawled, again on all fours, towards the chair. Her breasts hung saggy down and swung as she moved. When she arrived between Giulia's legs, she helped her pull her pants down, which the woman reluctantly let her do. Martina purred as she caught her first glimpse of Giulia's underwear. I was right about her, she liked being sexy after all. She wore a sheer, see-through black thong and dark stockings with a black smooth garter belt. Through the fabric, a small patch of dark pubic hair was visible, but she had shaved most of it along the sides. 

My slave pulled the thong aside with her teeth and began licking the receptionist's labia just as intensely as my own. Her tongue flicked quickly across Giulia's little clit, which seemed to arouse her like nothing else. She squirmed and held Martina's head in place, moaning louder and louder. I stepped behind Martina, pulling up her skirt to reveal, once more, her big round butt and the sweet moist area between her legs. Just for good measure, I gave her buttocks a heavy smack, watching them jiggle. She moaned.

"You want it in your ass, slave?" I asked her harshly. 

She paused her licking for a moment and moaned: "Yes, goddess. I'm just an ass whore, my worthless cunt is not worthy of your touch." I smiled, remembering how much she liked anything that had to do with her arse and tits. I pulled out some lube from my suitcase and let it run between her asscrack, rubbing it all over her anus. She munched and moaned further on Giulia's pussy as I slipped my fingers, pressed tightly, into her big latina ass. "Oh YES!" she moaned, almost screaming. "YES, like that!!" I drilled my right hand harder into her asshole, feeling it stretch and widen, painfully, the closer it came to my knuckles. 

"And what do we say to our guest?" I asked her, teasingly, as I forced my hand inside her, moving it in and out as her asshole stretched. 

She gulped, looking up at Giulia, then gathered her courage and said sternly. "Please miss, piss on me." 

The receptionist looked stunned, not knowing what to say or do. "I... I don't know if..." 

I slapped Martina's ass again. "She likes it," I said to the woman. "Don't worry, just treat her like a whore and let her have it." 

Giulia's face grew bright red as she looked down, where Martina had opened her mouth wide right at the base of her pussy, waiting patiently. "Please, give me your piss, milady," Martina said again, meekly. I heard Giulia moan softly, and something began to trickle, then Martina started slurping quickly and greedily. I bit my teeth and forced the rest of my hand up her asshole, feeling her sphincter tighten around my wrist as it entered. Martina moaned loud and long, but kept her lips firmly around Giulia's pussy, swallowing her pee down.

After a few moments the receptionist grew bolder, and the trickle became a small stream, gushing into Martina's slave mouth while my hand was digging down her intestine, fucking her ass hard and deep as she deserved it. She came, hard and violently, inadvertently biting Giulia's clit, whose piss in turn squirted down on her throat and tits as she came herself. I left my hand lodged inside Martina for a minute, waiting for her to calm while Giulia caressed her face and kissed her gently. When I finally pulled out, she had gotten up and pulled her pants up again, getting back to being prim and proper for her job at the reception desk.

Martina crawled happily onto the bed and closed her eyes while I stood up, my hand greasy from lube. The receptionist smiled at me, then took my slimy fingers and began licking them. "If there is anything I can do for you, just give me a call," she said as she left, handing me her card. "Day and night."