 This is my first time posting a story so please bear with me and comments are welcome please :) 

I had an experience a while ago that I would like to share, and hopefully you will enjoy reading it as much as I enjoyed doing it. 

Michael and Caryn are two of our very good friends, and my husband and I enjoy their company very much. 

About 2 years ago, we went out one night, Caryn and I got pretty drunk at the club, with the help of our husbands making sure the drinks kept on coming. 

It was about 02:00am the morning, we decided to go to a 24hour diner, we sat in this big semi private booth. 

Caryn and I were laughing and giggling the whole time, when my husband suggested that we should pose for a picture while we kiss, and in true drunk fashion, we did. 

The boys were quite excited that we kissed, and begged us to give them a little more action.

As we were quite drunk, we were all game for some innocent fun.... 

We started off by making out, Caryn has this soft full lips, every time we kissed, she would give this sexy moan, she started fondling my breasts, pinching my nipples through my top, and biting my lower lip. I was so fucking wet, my pussy was so wet and throbbing and my nipples were so hard from this arousal. 

As we were fondling each other our waitron was giving us the stink eye from across the room. We decided to relax a bit, but our pussy's were so wet, it was quite difficult to do. 

Our husband's could not stop staring. They were so disappointed when we had to stop. 

As our food came, I moved closer to Caryn and made her spread her legs, I slowly moved my fingers towards her pussy, stimulating her clit with my index and middle finger, she was so wet and loving it. 

I noticed that she was about to come, and I stopped. She was so horny, and in her eyes I could see her begging for me to get her off. 

The boys were so amazed, and could not pay the bill fast enough, so that we can continue at home.

While we were driving to our house, Michael insisted that we sit in the back so that we could fondle each other. 

As we got home, Grant(my husband) lit a fire, and we all moved to the lounge area with some wine. Caryn and I sat on the furry blanket on the floor, stroking and pinching each others breasts. We stripped down to our underwear, and started making out, touching each other everywhere. 

I started by kissing her neck, slowly making my way down to her breasts, unclipping her bra, and leaving her succulent tits exposed. I licked, kissed and pinched her nipples with my teeth. 

I slid my hand in her panties as she did to me, she started rubbing my clit, and she slid two fingers inside me, and started fingering my pussy. Juices were rolling down my legs, and all I wanted to do is cum and cum so hard. 

I started fingering Caryn, and rubbing her clit, all of a sudden she grabbed my fingers and started sucking her cunt juices off from my long fingers. She pushed my hand down between her legs and made my insert 3 fingers, I started finger fucking her pussy and rubbing that clit so hard that she started to ride my hand, her teeth sunk into my shoulder and with a loud moan she came so hard, her whole body started shaking and I could feel her wetness all over my hand.

She was still shaking and she came up and gave me a big kiss, looking me in the eye and said "your turn".... 

She made me lay down on the blanket, she tugged with her teeth on my nipple. I felt her cunt juices dripping on my leg. Fuck, I still remember how hot that made me. 

She started rolling her tongue from one breast to the other and down to my navel. 

She moved all the way down to my pussy, practically hungry for it. 

She inserted two fingers and started sucking on my clit, nibbling, sucking and pinching, it drove me insane with pleasure, I glanced over my husband, and I could see his penis rock hard through his pants while he was watching me. 

My orgasm started building up, and I started fucking Caryn's face with my pussy, thrusting back and forth. 

As my cum started to build up, Caryn fingered me faster and faster.

My sex exploded in her mouth and every inch in my body started shaking. It felt amazing. 

She moved up to my lips and gave me a passionate kiss, we started giggling again and looked at our husbands, and they were so aroused. 

After our steamy sex adventure, we retired to our room and they went to the guestroom, and both of us got fucked like never before by our husbands. 

This experience I had with Caryn, truly spiced up my sex life with my husband, and so it did the same for Caryn and Michael.

Hope you enjoyed reading my experience!