 Nervously, Marty the manager moved and straightened, wanting to make sure that the small Dutch Bros Coffee shop was in tip top shape for tonight's more than abnormal circumstances. He, as he felt necessary, took his last few moments to prepare the store - his last opportunity to provide a clear runway, to his two new hires, who that night would be asked to run the store alone.

Marty: "Now look, girls, this wasn't how I wanted to train you two. I mean, I hired you both for the night shift, but normally there would be someone here to train you, and teach you the ropes. Well, that guy is sick, and so is the guy who was supposed to be on call. I'd stay, but I'm leaving town for a meeting with the franchisee tonight, and he wouldn't let me get out of the appointment. So, here's the deal. It should be a very slow night. Maybe 1-2 customers from now until mourning. So, I can't imagine it being too bad. Just clean. And try and learn the register app on your phone. If either of you have any problems, just call me, ok? My number is written on the board over there. Any questions?"

Amelia (blonde): "Nope, I think we got it."

Eris (brunette): "You're sure there is nobody you can call in?"

Marty: "Yeah, I'm sure. But it's only 8 hours. Travis will be here at around 7. But anyway, I have to hit the road. Call me!" With that, and no more, Marty left, leaving his two newest hires alone to work their first shift.

Amelia: "You're sure there isn't anybody?" The blonde imitated in the most nasally mocking voice she could muster. "That's right, bitch, you're stuck here all alone with me." In response to the blonde's cruel words and tone, the brunette merely averted her eyes, and said nothing, instead trying to at least appear like she was focusing on work. "I'm talking to you, Eris. You don't get to just ignore me. Don't make me hurt you like I did in the locker room."

Eris: "Look, Amelia ... let's just work... I said I was ... sorry for going after Travis... We settled this." Every word spoken by the brunette came out broken, and shaken, driven by a palpable fear of the blonde, one instilled in their last violent encounter.

Amelia: "Yeah, we DID settle THIS. And what we settled on, is that I kicked your ass. Which I'm pretty sure means you're my bitch. And now that we've graduated, and since I can't push you around at school anymore, I'll do it here."

Eris: "Please, Amelia. I need this job so bad. And ... and ... I just..." The brunette's words began to cut out, as she started to choke back tears, so distraught she was about having to work here, with a women who so brutalized her.

Amelia: "You just what? Huh? Speak!" The command was issued, as the blonde shoved Eris into the closed drive thru window of the small coffee shop.

Eris: "I don't want to ... fight you anymore..." Her words came out soft and pleading, as she tried her best not to cry, still looking anywhere else but in the eyes of her tormentor.

Amelia: "I wouldn't want to fight me either, if I were a weak bitch like you. But you know what!?" The question was a rhetorical one, asked just as the blonde pushed herself forward, pressing her body into the pathetic brunette's. Then, having closed the distance, Amelia reached up, and grabbed Eris' tear-stained face, forcing her to finally make eye contact.

Eris: "Please, Amelia..." She begs, knowing not what else to do, trying not to focus on the feeling of her tits rubbing up against Amelia's.

Amelia: "Please what? Hmm...?" The blonde asked, whilst still holding firm to her grasp of the brunette's face.

Eris: "Don't hurt me..."

The words of plea caused the blonde to laugh in a overtly sexual way, just as she leaned in, and pressed her tits even further into the brunette's, rubbing herself against her terrified coworker. Then in answer, Amelia brought her lips within only a eyelash's width from Eris' and whispered:

Amelia: "Fuck you..." Exactly at the same moment that the confident, and malicious rejection escaped the pretty blonde's lips, a heavy metal ice bucket slammed into the back of her head. The blow was vicious, and violent, knocking her not just to the ground, but unconscious. Darkness then took her, until slowly, her eyes began to blink open once more, only to set themselves on Eris, who stood above her, with a wicked grin on her face.

Eris: "Fuck me? No, bitch. I'm gonna fuck you." The words of challenge sent the floored blonde into a rage, but as she went to move and revenge, she found her hands tied firmly behind her back, and mind fogged with the obvious symptoms of a concussion.

Amelia: "You BITCH! LET ME GO!" The former tormentor screamed as she squirmed on the hard coffee house floor, trying desperately to free herself. But as she struggled, she watched Eris with a cold glare, a look which softened into panic, as she noticed the brunette slowly pull her panties down from under her skirt, and then off.

Eris: "I will. But not yet. First, I need to teach you a lesson for being so mean." With each word, the brunette took a step closer, until finally she stood, legs planted firmly on either side of her enemy's head.

Amelia: "What!? No! No, no, no, noooo..." Her repeated words found themselves cut off, as Eris lowered herself into a straddle, placing her pussy lips over those on the blonde which were speaking. The blonde's eyes, which remained visible, darted this way and that, as she dealt with not only the humiliation of the girl she considered to be her bitch smothering her, but also the fact that she can only barely able of breathing. That 'barely' coming from her nose, which remained free from the confines of flesh - a reality which Eris quickly ended, as she reached down, and pulled her clitoral hood over the nose of her former tormentor.

Eris: "See, this is what I meant. I knew we could find a way to make up and get along." As the brunette commented, she lowered herself into a straddle, making sure that the blonde's mouth was fully engulfed in her in most intimate of places, and that her rival's nose was pressed snugly against the clit before it. "Now, just because you were such a bad girl - such a naughty little bitch, I'm going to smother you. When you want air, just use your tongue." The explanation and instructions were delivered as Eris looked down into her foes' glaring and angry eyes, and as muffled threats and refusals were made and heard emanating from somewhere underneath Eris' tightly sealed womanhood. "Ohhh, girl, keep talking. It feels sooo gooood. Ughhh" As the pleasure began, the brunette began to roll her hips, and hump, not moving enough to allow for air, but just enough to increase her own enjoyment. "Come on! Tell me what you're going to do to me when you get free!" Eris shouted as she grabbed for the blonde's hair and pulled harshly. "TELL ME!" She yanked again, pulling upward, just as she ground her clit down on the blonde's nose.

Whilst Eris rode, Amelia began to understand that by trying to verbally respond to the brunette, she was accomplishing only two things. One, pleasing through vibrations her torturer. And two, using up her last remaining breaths. Given that realization, the blonde chose to stop talking, and instead to try and decide if she would be willing to trade further humiliation for breath. At first she refused, swearing to herself that she would never lick the bitch who now sat upon her face. But as every second passed, and she began to succumb to suffocation, she realized that she had no other option. No other chance at continuing to breathe than to apply her tongue to the clit of her rival. And so, out of sheer desperation, she did, softly and begrudgingly at first, but then fully and passionately, so that she knew that her submission had been felt, and that air would soon be allowed to her once again.

Eris: "Good girl!" The brunette said mockingly, as she lifted herself up just enough for the brunette to breathe again. "Now keep going, or I'll smother you again." So good is was to breathe again, that Amelia did not stop, or even question. Having come to accept her current role. "Oh god. Keep going, bitch! Be my good little girl" With each stroke of the blonde's tongue, Eris began to lose focus on her surroundings, so much so that she actually closed her eyes, intent on just enjoying the feeling of the woman who destroyed her in their catfight, now using her tongue as a slave.

At first, her lack of sight mattered not, as she continued to ride her rival's face, coming closer and closer to a fiery, and explosive orgasm. But, just as the mountain top came into view, and she felt the first tingles of a oncoming orgasm, a voice called out.

Travis: "Hello? Anybody in there?" It was the voice of Travis, the boy over which these two first fought over in the locker room of the high school. The sound was recognized by both girls, a fact revealed to Eris by the eyes of Amelia, which grew wide, and excited, in the hopes that he might free her from the torment in which she languished. That hope, was to the brunette a fear, one that she sought to avoid. In that endeavor, she reached down, and scooted back, placing her hands tightly over the blonde's makeup-smeared mouth. Then, as she stood up further, she replaced her hands, with her foot, one which was now shoeless, so that she could keep her rival from crying for help. Without the use of her hands, those being tied behind her back, Amelia struggled, trying to escape the sealing-flesh of her enemy's foot. As she so writhed, Eris stood all the way up, right in the view of Travis.

Travis: "Uh, hey?"

Eris: "Hey, sorry! I was cleaning the floor. Amelia has been spilling drinks all night. What's up?" The jab caused the blonde to begin her struggling anew, desperately trying to free her mouth, and thereby her voice.

Travis: "Uh, not much. Is Amelia here?"

Eris: "No, she actually left with some guy. Not sure what his name was. Looked hot though." The former football player's eyes widened, and shoulders sank, as the words sank in.

Travis: "Oh. Did ... uh ... she say when she'd be back? I keep texting her and she isn't responding."

Eris: "She said not to wait for her, so I'd guess she won't be back."

Travis: "Weird. Well, if she comes back, can you tell her I stopped by?"

Eris: "For sure." The comment came out short and sweet, as the brunette switched her focus to trying to keep her foot on the blonde's mouth.

Travis: "Thanks... Oh and hey, I'm really sorry for all the drama I caused between you two. I didn't mean..."

Eris: "Her and I are figuring it out. Don't worry."

Travis: "Great." He nodded, happy to know that he hadn't caused a permanent rift between two girls he cared about. "Anyway, I'm off to look for her. See ya at 7!" His 'ya' was only heard in the distance, as he drove off from the drive thru window.

Eris: "Would you stop! I'm not done with you yet!" Just as Eris turned her attention back to her bound and foot-gagged rival, the ropes tied around Amelia's wrists frayed and broke from all the struggle, allowing her to once again use her hands. Hands she did so use, grabbing at the now lowering Eris, who was once again trying to straddle the blonde's face. The grab turned into a push, and the push into a slam, as the brunette's head landed violently against the stainless steel cooler beneath the coffee bar. The effects of the blow were no less painful than the one Amelia suffered, but somehow, Eris remained conscious, though crumpled on the floor.

As the brunette recovered, so did the blonde, who tried to stand to take advantage of her enemy's state, but found herself immediately beset by dizziness, confusion, and a nauseating lack of balance. Again, and again she went to steady herself, but found that no amount of closing of eyes, or standing without falling could alleviate her state of imbalance. Eris, who herself tried to stand, found her circumstances no less dire, as a concussion had now affected her as well. And so there, in that tiny coffee shop, with both girls wobbling, and confused, they set their eyes on each other, visual focus coming in and out.

Eris: "Bitch!"

Amelia: "Cunt! Why the fuck did you tell my boyfriend that!"

Despite the question, and their words, Eris knew that no amount of talking would end this standoff, and that the blonde would not allow peace, after such a violent and sexually charged punishment. In that knowing, she decided to attack, despite her previous loss, diving wildy and off-balance, tackling the blonde who stood off-kilter and too slowed by her state to defend herself. The two women's intertwined bodies crashed into the rack of coffee, and ingredients behind them, knocking it over, and landing each of them on top of it. An armada of plastic bottles filled with syrups and liquids, and gallons of on-hand ready-to-use milk fell and broke open, on the floor. As such madness ensued, the two girls wrapped their fingers in each others hair and rolled, each jockeying for position - each trying to come out on top of their rival. Finally, they rolled themselves off of the painful metal rack, down to the wet floor below. There, as each found themselves covered in liquids, of various consistencies and scents, they continued their struggle. Finding no advantage in their hair pulling, the two released their holds on each other locks, and instead moved to tearing, and ripping at each other's now soaking clothing. First blouses, then skirts, then panties and bras were torn off, until finally in the muck and mayhem, they clung to each other in the nude.

Their struggle continued that way, rolling from one side of the open and wet floor to the other, with each pressing their bodies together with all the force they could muster. As they tumbled, they each used their hands to roam around their enemy's person, striking and pinching at any soft target they could find. Eventually, their battle took them to the very corner of the tiny coffee shop, pinned together, and unable to move or roll any further. There they sat up, interlaced fingers on both hands, and placed their left leg under right, and right under left, their bodies literally stuck together from the top of their foreheads to just underneath their stomachs, bound by whatever chemistry of liquids had formed there on that floor. To get a better angle, or perhaps to re-engage on better terms, they both tried to pull their bodies apart, but found themselves unable - even when both tried to do so through the pain of it.

Amelia: "You're such a fucking bitch!" As Amelia screamed, she shoved her body forward in frustration, in the process, though without intention, slamming her womanhood into that of her enemy.

Eris: "You're the bitch! I just wanted to work here in FUCKING PEACE!" Eris, no less frustrated by their state of stuck-ish-ness, likewise shoved herself forward, slamming her own womanhood into the blonde's.

In that way, and in that state, they stayed, sitting forehead glued against forehead, nose stuck to nose, glaring at one another, slamming their only free weapons, their pubic mounds together. At first they did so merely to continue their battle of body against body, but slowly, subconsciously, they began to do so for another reason. Lust. Passion. And the desire reassert their lost dominance. As the pleasure began to take hold of both of them, their lips, which were as of yet used only to insult, began to hover closer and closer, each tasting the hot breath of their enemy in their own mouth. The threat of a kiss between the two rivals grew, and grew, with each meeting of clit - each girl trying desperately to resist it, even as their tongues called out to each other.

When finally, they felt they were about to lose control, and give in, they each began to chant quietly to themselves.

Amelia: "Bitch, bitch, bitch"

Eris: "Cunt, cunt, cunt."

The repetitious whisper, meant to distract them from desire, only served to push their quivering lips closer, and then closer still, until finally their insults sealed their lips together in a glorious, passionate kiss. And though their tongues danced together, they continued their now slowed and sensual pelvic thrusts, each trying now not to wound, but instead to drive their enemy into orgasmic oblivion. Their battle was close, so very very close, neither ahead or behind - each finding the perfect angle from which to attack their rival's clit. That closeness - that equality, they hated, beyond words or measure, and yet, their frustration at the fact only served to push them deeper into their lust for the other, and nearer to orgasm.

Finally, their pleasure became too great to continue their tangling of tongues, and so each girl tried to pull away from their kiss, so that they could scream out, but found that like the rest of their bodies, their lips were now fully stuck together with the fluids in which they rolled. And though that thought troubled them, and caused their eyes to grow wide, they could do not but scream into each other's mouths as their tribbing finally brought them both to orgasm. Now, it might have appeared to an outsider that they did so together, without even a blink between their cumings, but they both knew, that it was Amelia who came first, it being her quivering release that pushed Eris over the edge.

Moments passed in silence, as the two baristas tried to recover and regain composure, each only able to breathe through their noses, their mouths still being sealed together. Eris had won, and forced her former tormentor to cum against her will. Amelia had lost to a girl she had planned on torturing from this their first day of work until finally she was driven to quit. And though there was plenty from that to digest for both of them, they each realized, now having purged their demons upon one another's bodies, that there was something far more important to worry about than who would play the dominant role when next they met. For together they sat, pussy actively and actually fusing to pussy, in a sea of destruction - on battlefield no less messy than those of any world war. They could clean it, if they were separated, but how could they possibly do that? Both concussed. Both unable to peel even an inch of skin away from the other's body. Worried and afraid they looked to one another, unsure how to escape the humiliation of being found like this by the morning crew, or the anger of their boss for destroying his store. How!? Their eyes asked of one another.

Travis: "Are you two done? Because we have so much work to do." Their savior called. "That was hot by the way. Can I join in next time?"