 Hey all. Sorry about the wait. I know this was long overdue, but with everything going on personally, I didn't have the chance to give the story my full attention so I put it on hold, but here it is. I'd suggest reading the first two parts to either refresh yourselves or if you're new to the series, get the background. The last of this series. I hope you all enjoy it. As always feel free to leave comments, send me feedback and vote. Good reading to you all.

S.J. 

~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~

"We can't just do this. You're girlfriend is at this party and so is my date. If you want to talk, then we can, but I can't just do this. I've finally started to deal with you being with someone else. This isn't fair to me, Victoria." I said as I tried to control my breathing.

"But ... It's you I want, Sammie. I'm with her, yes, but I told you. Once you came out I wanted to try and be with you. I never take this thing off because it was you who gave it to me." She answered as she pulled the necklace I'd given her six months ago.

"Wow." Was all I could say as I took a step closer to her. My hand wrapping around the Irish charm at the end of the chain.

"Jesse and I haven't been the same since you came here last time. I know why and she knows why. We just haven't ended what we have yet."

"Well, Victoria, when you do that we can talk about us, but we live in two different states now. I'm busier than ever and a long distance relationship isn't exactly something I've ever wanted to do."

"Sammie ... You have to give us a chance. Or ... Have your feelings for me changed, is that it?"

"What?! No! I feel the same about you. I just think that if two people want to be together, they should be together as much as they want. I get that your business is here now, but I just think we need to be absolutely clear before we discuss anything further."

Before Victoria could respond, Jesse walked into the bathroom. She looked from Victoria to me and back, then said, "I was wondering where you disappeared to. Now I guess I know. Causing more trouble, Samantha?"

"Me?! What?! I didn't do anything to cause trouble."

"Oh, yes you did. You came back here six months ago and changed my entire relationship. Well, I won't let her go just because you've decided that you aren't hiding anymore. Victoria belongs to me. I won't let you have her. Now or ever!" Jesse said as she stood directly in front of me.

I held my hands up in surrender. I didn't want any trouble with this woman. I'm a novelist, not a fighter.

"Well, I see you too have a lot to talk about. I don't think Victoria belongs to anyone and whichever one of us she wants to be with, is her decision." I said to Jesse. Turning to Victoria, I said, "You have my number, sweetie. It hasn't changed. Let me one way or the other. It's your choice."

With that, I walked out of the restroom and back over to my date.

"Everything okay?" Michelle asked. I just nodded my head.

The rest of the night went by uneventfully, for me anyway. I saw Jesse storming out of the restroom and out the entrance. Shortly after I saw Victoria leave as well.

Two days later, I got a text from Victoria telling her that she was single.

~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~

It had been a week since everything unfolded in Cincinnati and I was still unsure as to what that meant for my life. Victoria was single and still in her new city. I was back to work and about to go on another book tour to promote my latest novel. Everything had been left so unsaid and it was driving me crazy.

I'm 26 years old, my net worth alone should guarantee that I'm satisfied. Combine that with my inheritance and I should have women all over me like all the other debutantes or playboy in New York, but nothing. I can't even properly begin a relationship with the one woman I love with all of me and who I knows love me. I'm hopeless. And no real clue where to begin to get things resolved.

~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~

Victoria

I sat across from Carol because aside from the assistant who always planned Sammie's birthday, I knew no one I could turn to and openly talk with.

"Carol. Thank you so much for seeing me on such short notice." I said as I made me way through the large office towards the blonde woman sitting behind the huge next.

"It's fine. When the woman personally responsible for putting my best writer's life in complete upheaval asks to see me, I make the time."

I blushed at her works and she laughed before continuing, "It's fine with me, I enjoy Sammie being so off game because at least I know she's still trying to deal with things, but when are you going to put her out of her misery. One way or the other?"

"That's why I'm here, Carol. I've been trying to settle things back in Cincinnati so that I could come back and deal with all of this at least for right now. I just need some help because Sammie can have anyone and she's so inexperienced with all of this that I don't know what to push her on and what to leave alone."

"Just be honest with her. Sammie values honesty. If that's what you do, then everything will be fine with her."

I sat and thought about her words. I remember the night on the beach with her and she said almost the same thing. I smiled as I remembered how beautiful she looked that night.

"Thanks, Carol. Don't tell her I'm here, okay? I just need to figure out a few more things and then I'll get in touch with her."

"You got it, sweetie, just don't wait too long, okay? As strong as she is, this last week has felt like months to her all over again."

"I won't. Thank you."

All Carol did was nod her head as I got up to leave. I really wanted everything to be perfect before I got in touch with Sammie. I had to do this right. I wanted her in my life. Now and always. No more of the games or drama, but we'd only been on one date and I had to be realistic about the likelihood of me getting exactly what I wanted.

As I made it down to the ground floor, I already had my plan made. All that was left was the execution. I believed in fate and in love at first sight. Sammie had been both for me and I wouldn't lose her again. I got into a taxi and headed towards Tiffany's.

~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~

Sammie

I'd secluded myself into my writing. I was working on a book of poetry, which was something I hadn't put out since I was a free agent at university, but with all the changes going on with me on an emotional level, I decided that it was a good place to start letting go of it all.

I checked my phone twice a day. When I woke up and before I woke up. I hadn't had a conversation with anyone in days. I knew it couldn't last long because I was only vacation for another week and then I'd be back to work with full force. I was actually looking forward to it. The free time was good for my writing, but hell on my mental state.

Carol had called to invite me to dinner later that night, and hadn't really left room for me to say no, so I was going to have to go.

At around 4, I started to get ready. Unfortunately, it was one of those publicity things so I had to actually dress like I was alive and not just breathing with a pulse. I stood in front of my closet and decided to go with a safe outfit. I didn't know where I was going since Carol insisted on sending the car rather than have me drive.

I pulled out a pair of black slacks and a white Italian button up. I grabbed my black and white Jordans and light black sports coat. I was ready to go as soon as I finished showering. The ends of my hair had began their leisurely curl and rather than use the flat iron, I combed my hair back, and let the ends hang from my shoulders and down my back. I made a mental note to have my hair cut soon before it got too long. As soon as I'd finished getting dressed, there was a knock at the door.

I made my way downstairs ready to go and was shocked when I didn't find my car waiting, but Victoria. She smiled as she took me in. I couldn't help but do the same. I thought she'd just call me to tell me that she needed time to think or that I wasn't what she looking for right now. Never did I expect to see her so soon and just like before, it was like she could read my mind.

"You really didn't think I was going to leave things the way they were, did you, Sammie?"

"Um ... I wasn't sure. I clearly hoped not, but I didn't know what you were thinking and I just couldn't bring myself to call you."

"Or pick up I see. I called you a few days ago and received no answer."

"Oh. I'm sorry. I haven't really been in a talkative mood. I've been writing so ..."

"Ah!" She cut me off before I could continue and said, "I completely understand then. No further explanation."

She smiled at me and I realized we were still standing at my front door. "Um, do you want to come in? I'm waiting for my car to go this promotional thing, but we can talk until it gets here."

"It won't be."

"Excuse me?"

"Your car. It's not coming. Carol and I devised this little rouse in order to get you out. She told me that she hadn't seen you since you got back, so I figured I'd kill two birds with one stone."

"Want to explain what you get out of it then?"

"I will once you get in the car and we get to our first stop."

As I locked the door and turned towards the car, it registered that she said first stop.

"What do you mean first stop? How many are we going to make?"

"Oh, just two. The first for me and the second for Carol. Now get in the car, Sammie."

I got into the passenger seat and waited for her to get into the driver's seat. We took off and for awhile it was just silence. Finally I'd had enough and wanted some answers. So I said, "Where are we going, Victoria?"

"We're going to go somewhere special and talk about us. Then we're heading over to Mario's for dinner with Carol and her new girlfriend."

"Girlfriend? Who is Carol dating?"

"You'll find out."

I left it alone, kinda upset that I had missed out on something that big in Carol's life. She was a notorious bachelorette so the concept of her settling for one girl, and finding one worth her effort was a huge step. Another 20 minutes and we pulled up in front of a secluded park. It looked very extensive, but exclusive.

"Is this where we're having our talk?"

"Yes"

With that, Victoria got out of the car. I followed her over to a bench and sat next to her. She seemed to be thinking about something. I didn't want to disturb her, but the not knowing was starting to kill me. Just as I started to speak, so did she.

"I was told to be honest with you and that everything would work out, so that what I'm going to do. Here is it ... I love you, Samantha. I love that you have such a unique sense of style and the fact that no matter what you try to do what's right for those you love even if you'd like otherwise. I think of you when I first wake in the morning and yearn for you to be there.

Every part of my day is filled with you and how you'd probably laugh if you were with me and I did this or that. I can picture sitting with you at the dinner table going over things that happened in both of our days.

I can also see myself with you while you go on tour to promote one of your amazing books or to sign them or just to talk to your fans because it's what you love to do. I imagine you being in that secluded place and me cooking waiting until you can't see straight and decide to come out.

I love you. I love everything I know about you and I'm thrilled to learn everything I don't, but I want to be with you when I do. I want all of you. I wanted you yesterday. I want you today. I'm going to ant you tomorrow, next week, next month, next year and every year after that. 

We had a great start and I know the journey since hasn't been the easiest, but I'm going to make this very clear. I won't stop trying until I know you no longer love me. So right here, in the park my father designed, I'm asking you, Samantha Richards to marry me."

As she said the last part, she knelled down in front of me and pulled a little blue box out of her pocket. I was shocked. Out of every scenario that had played in my mind, this was not even on the list. She had this goofy smile on her face and I did what I wanted to do in that moment. With a hand on her cheek, I pulled her up until our lips touched.

I'd missed her so much. It seemed like every time I was getting around the idea that I wasn't going to have her, she showed up and let me know that a relationship with is exactly what she wanted. Now she was asking to make that relationship permanent and I still hadn't answered. I broke the kiss and she smiled before saying, "Please tell me I can take that as a yes."

I laughed and said, "Marriage to me is a lifetime thing. If we have problems we work them out between us, not jump to the divorce option. I love you and trust me, I'd love to have everything you said and more, but we've been through a lot. I don't doubt my love for you or yours for me, but are you absolutely sure you want to marry me? I can be very hectic and distant when I have too much on my mind."

"This is you giving me an out before you open yourself up to me again?"

"Precisely."

"Well, then like I told you almost a year ago. I'm right here. Until something happens were I'm not or you no longer want me to be. Which ever comes first or never."

"Then yes, I will marry you."

She gave me that goofy smile and kissed me. As we got more into it, I stood up bringing her with me. I don't know how long it lasted, but I know I was will to risk never breathing again to keep it going. All my doubting and the woman I love had proposed. I was more than ready to ensure that I would never be without her. The only thing that I could think of was that dealing with my mom and Carol trying to plan my wedding would be murderous.

~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~

Epilogue:

Almost two years and two books later, I was standing at the doorway with my arm looped through my father's about to walk down the aisle at my wedding. I laughed as I looked over at my dad because he still couldn't believe I had refused to wear the traditional dress instead of my tailor made suit. The band began to play the wedding march and we proceeded to the alter. As I took my place next to my "best man" Tash, I looked back towards the door as the woman I love began her walk towards me. The smile on her face told me that she was truly happy the day was here.

Her father placed her hand in one of mine and shook the other. He couldn't be more proud. We turned to face each other and I felt everything else fall away. The only things I remember from the ceremony was the priest saying, "Dearly beloved...", me saying reciting my vows and then Victoria and I saying "I do." When I kissed her for the first time as my wife, I felt the complete nervousness I'd felt the first time I ever saw her, but this time I didn't have to worry about speaking.

We got through the reception with as few issues as possible, my friends being hammered around both our parents was a little unnerving, but hilarious.

We honeymooned at my house in Ireland. It was beautiful and secluded which was great because we still couldn't get enough of each other.

As soon as I dropped the last bag in our bedroom, Victoria had my back pressed against the wall and her mouth crushed down on mine. I matched her all the passion every inch of the way. Her hands were almost automatically under my shirt and pushing it until I got the hint to take it off. I pushed her back enough to unbutton her pants and begin to push them off. As we moved towards the bed, they came completely off. Before we collapsed into bed, I stopped to take off my pants and she removed her blouse and bra. I had wanted to get my hands on her ever since she said I do and I was about to get all that energy out.

I kissed her before beginning my journey down her body. I used my fingertips to circle around her areola, never getting too close to her hardened nipples until she was panting and then I just lightly brushed over them. She groaned in frustration and then grabbed my hands and put them on her inflamed nipples. I pinched each one and she moaned. I knew she loved to have her breasts played with roughly and attacked her left with my mouth while I mercilessly tweaked the right nipple. Her breathing shallowed. I'd made her come from just simulating her nipples. Tonight I'd bring her close to that edge and then back away from it until she was begging for me to make her come. I moved over to her right orb and began the same treatment. When I could feel her muscles tightening, I stopped and began to move down her body again.

She groaned and said, "That was completely uncalled for, babe. If you weren't gonna let me have, you shouldn't tease me."

I laughed and said, "That's exactly why I did it. I'm going to bring to the brink and back off as many times as I can before you're begging to come."

"Is that a challenge, Mrs. Richards?"

"It sure is, Mrs. Richards. I can tell from the look in your eyes that it won't be long."

"We'll see."

"Oh, yes, we will."

I said the last sentence right before I latched my lips onto her clit.

"Mmmm.... Fuck! Not fair, Sam!"

I laughed as my tongue began to do circles around her pearl. The vibrations that shot through her only added to her pleasure. My fingers danced along her labia so that they could get coated in her juices. I slid them down to slowly rim her puckered hole. It was a personal favorite of hers and the pulsing I felt against my chin told me she was at the edge again. I moved my hands up to her breasts while I moved to kiss her inner thighs while she calmed down a bit.

"Fuck, baby! Come on! It's our honeymoon. Are you really going to torture me?"

I looked up at her and she had a pout on her face. I could tell by the way her eyes were so dazed that she was ready to explode.

"Yes. Yes, I am. The fact that it's our honeymoon is essentially why I'm doing it.'

"What? Baby... Mmmmm." She trailed off as I licked her cunt. With the tip of my tongue I moved from her puckered hole to her clit. It took several minutes for her to ask her question.

"Would like to explain why?"

I stopped as if thinking about her question, when I knew I wasn't going to answer. Not now, anyway, and I told her as much. "Once you come, I'll answer that."

I could see she was about to say something else, but before she could, I grabbed her clit between my teeth and began to apply pressure lightly while I pushed the two fingers coated in her juices deep into her pussy. Sawing them in and out at such a pace that had she have the strength to look down, they would've been blurred. I squeezed her g-spot in between the two finger every once in awhile.

"OH FUCK!!! BABY!! Please! Mmmm... Oh god!"

It was close, but not what I wanted her to say so instead I let go of her clit and slowed the pace of my fingers so that they were barely moving in and out, but rather massaging her ridged walls.

"Damn it, Sam! What do you want me to say? I'm begging you, okay? You win. Please, baby, let me come. I need to come, sweetheart, please."

She'd said what I wanted to hear. Victoria, over the last few years, hated to let me win when it came to our games. Tonight, I wanted her to know that I could make her give in.

"Alright, baby." I said to her. "You can come."

"Thank y..." was all she got out as I sucked her clit back into my mouth and pressed against her g-spot. I used my teeth the way I know she loved and pushed two of the coated fingers from my other hand into her ass. The scream that left her was long over due. As she screamed my name, her cunt gushed with all of the girl come that had been building. I'm sure she had more than one orgasm, but the intensity of them caused her to pass out. She had yet to do that and I was glad it happened tonight.

When she came to 10 minutes later, she was so silent that I didn't know what was in her head, but she finally said, "I'm going to get you back for that."
