 My girlfriend Laura is a beautiful young thing with hair the color of hay fields and eyes that resemble sapphires. Her breasts are designed as if they were meant for my hands alone, for they fit perfectly in my palms. Her waist is well defined and slim, with sloping hips and long, slim legs. For a lesbian, I have a weird desire to play with her ass. I fixate on it constantly, gripping it while plunging her body down on to a strap on. Slipping a finger inside while she’s not looking. I can’t help myself, not when she reacts the way she does. Giving short little moans of pleasures and gasps of shock. 

She asks my constantly why I have such a fixation there, it’s just not something I can help. If you could see it, you’d understand. It’s firm yet soft in my hands, cupping against my hips when I take her from behind. There’s a tattoo she designed herself resting on her left hip. It’s a cherry with the Egyptian word for beautiful on it.

Laura likes it a little rough. Some of her favorite kinds of sex play is when I dominate her for hours, making her pleasure me before I give her due. This was one of those nights. 

We had just gone out to buy new toys from the local Spencer’s, we bought a vibrating massager kit only to find out the nubbed tips were hard plastic, so she sent me back in to buy a second kit. We had just received a large dildo from our favorite web-page a day or so back, and decided to have some fun. 

She decided she was in the mood for my domination abilities, and I wasn’t about to disappoint. I ordered her to dress up in the form fitting red corset while I slipped on my black negligee. Part of domination is control, and trusting your partner to be controlling with being harmful. One of the best ways I do that ton Laura, is to tie her down. Seeing that cute little face, eyes staring up at me, wide and helpless as take her…

I took out a paisley silk scarf and wrapped up her wrist tight, throwing her arms up above her head. “Now listen slave.” I grit my teeth as I speak, adding to the ferocity of my need. “You’re my pet, and I’ve taken it upon myself to give you proper training.”

She tingles visibly and tries to “struggle” loose. “No. Please don’t!” 

I cover her mouth and push her down into the pillows. “Listen up slave. You’ll be luck if I don’t…” And at the next word I lean in close to her ear. “fuck…your tight body all night.” She giggles and I feel her muscles tighten in anticipation. Not wanting her to forget the truth, I whisper softly. “I love you.” 

She squeals and I cover her mouth, taking out the belt and slapping it against her ass. Her rump arches towards the sensation and I grin, bringing it down a bit harder. Her cheeks turn red as the barrage of smacks come down. Again, again. “You’ve been a very bad slave, resisting me like that. You’ll have to be taught to call me master.”

“Never!” she cries and this time really struggles hard. I have to force her back down pinning her body to the bed and bringing a hard smack against her rear. She whimpers pitifully, but I can see her smile poking through. 

“You bad bad girl.” I yell, punctuating each comment with a hard spank. She groans in time with them, body begging for more. “I’m going to have to punish you.” I take our weakest vibrator, the one that’s just enough to stimulate without inducing orgasm and press it to her clit for a moment, bringing her wetness forth. One I can see the glistening wetness on her pussy, I take out brand new dildo and push it deep inside.

She pulses against it, jiggling pleasantly. I grin, and slip a pair of underwear over her, forcing the toy to stay in place until I’m ready. She makes an disgruntled noise as she realizes her punishment won’t be a sudden and “brutal” taking. “There we go.” I murmur and continue my spanking. Every time she tries to push back against the penetrating object, the spankings get harder and harder. 

I’m soaking wet between my own thighs. My black silk panties are dripping with juice and clinging to my folds. Finally, I feel ready to make her obey and force her to sit up. The toy sinks deeper inside as she sits up on the bed and her eyes close in joy. I sit in front of her and grab her by the ponytail, forcing her to bow between my legs and whimper. 

“Lick my pussy slave.” I order and let her get a brief lick of my outer fold. “Lick it up, and swallow every last drop.” I should let you know now, I’m what they call a gusher. So when I say “Lick up every last drop.” I’m practically asking her to drink Niagara Falls. She whines and tries to pull away, but I grab on tightly and push her face deep into my honey box. 

She groans and starts licking slowly, first right around the rim of my entrance, her tongue deviling in and out quickly. I felt my thighs tighten around her head and I bite my lip, not wanting to moan till the right moment. My fingers bury themselves deeper into her scalp as the motion continues. Laura puts her tongue along my folds, sucking them into her mouth and nibbling the edges. I close my eyes and think of exactly what her lips are doing down there., I imagine every caress as it happens, seeing it as if on a movie screen, where all angles are visible. 

She plays her way up, all the while listening to my comments of ‘Good slave, lick that tight little pussy’, and of course, the whispered ‘I love you.’ Finally, she reaches my clit. At the first swipe of her tongue against that small circle of pleasure, I sink into the pillows and moan loudly. Her mouth plays with it again and again, sucking it into her teeth and grasping it with her slippery jaw. I spray her chin with wetness, a mini-gasm taking me. She breaks character and giggles as the juices roll down her neck and I grin excitedly.

“Did I say you could stop woman?” I question angrily and force her back down to my clit, pressing her in deeper, almost to where she can’t breath. 

“Forgive me mistress.” She gasps out and takes my clip into her mouth again. My juices have become sticky and white. She love it when I’m like that. She says they taste better. I can smell her scent from where I am and realize that as much as I’m supposed to be dominating her, I have to keep up her pleasure too, or she’ll lose the need to give me mine. 

“Put your fingers between your legs.’ I order. She obeys, her hands traveling down past her breasts, over her stomach and between her legs to finger the slippery wetness. “Good slave girl. Now…rub your clit good and hard.” 

She pushes her fingers close and jerks them up and down quickly, making her own thighs stick with goodness. “Oh god Kalynn!” she whines and stops her task between my legs for a moment. I allow her that moment, just because I enjoy watching her desperate. She groans and her fingers move faster and faster over her own tight pussy. I sit up, my orgasm unattained, but I’m patient, I have all night to get what I want from her. The role of master is a difficult one to play. I must make it seem as if my needs are the only ones in this game, all the while fulfilling hers.

She’s touching herself more and more, planning those slim digits deep in her honey pot and groaning. I take a small vibrator and turn it on playing with her ass for a while, collecting wetness on the toy. Just as I hear her voice arching for orgasm, I grab her hand and toss it away from her entry. She gasping in anger, threatening against me. 

Without an explanation, I grab her neck and push her into the pillows, pressing the vibrator into her tight sphincter. She gasps in shock, those blue eyes widening and her mouth open. “That’s it little slave.” I smile and press it in harder. “Take it, take it like you know you want to.” I force it in and out of her, turning up the vibration and watching her squirm. “Say you like it.”

Laura can’t speak for a moment, her body’s too into the need for the toy. I groan and take the belt, slapping it against her flesh again. She jolts and whispers “yes.”

“What did you say slave?” I ask and spank her harder and harder. “I couldn’t hear you.”

“I like it.” She cries out, holding the bed sheets with a death grip. “I like it!” she moans my name out and thrusts back against the vibrator inside her. 

I reach into my own pussy, pulling out the sweet nectar and drawing out words on her back. 

M-I-N-E.

She knows what it means and arches towards me, practically demanding more. But no. I’m ready for my pleasure. She won’t get hers till I’ve seen her scream for it. Not till I see her ready to attack me for it. I push the toy in one last time, then slip it out, pulling her around and back between my legs. 

Laura is desperate for it down. She dives in passionately, gripping my clitoris without hesitation and pulling it to her mouth. I gush the moment she touches me. The sheets are tainted with the liquid and I yell openly. “Oh yes Laura!” I can feel my orgasm only moments away. I scream and watch the next wave wash over her cheeks. “Fuck my pussy with your tongue.” I scream.

Laura laughs eagerly and does the motion with her tongue. She flicks my clit over and over again, catching it in her teeth and biting lightly, thrusting two fingers deep in my entrance. “Oh Kalynn.” She moans and works harder in harder for my pleasure. “Oh Kalynn I love you so much.”

“That’s it slave. That’s it.” I order, feeling my back arch and my hips tighten as the orgasm push outward. I let out the breath I’ve been holding, determined to stay off the orgasm and let her remain down for a few more minuets. I failed. Her tongue was too sweet against my body, too wet and perfect, slipping in exactly the right spots to drive me insane. I couldn’t hold back. I grabbed her hair and arched against her mouth. “Oh, yes, Laura! Take me!” I screamed. “Lick my clit! Oh gods baby I love you so much!”

I came all over her sweet face, my orgasm gushing out all over her face and dripping onto the bed sheets. I let her lick even past the orgasm, enjoy the way my now overly sensitive clitoris screamed against her attentions. When I finally became too much to handle, I tapped her forehead, our signal that it was too much. 

She lifted her head, my pussy cream all over her lips and her fingers dripping with white juice. I know I was playing the dominatrix mistress, but you’ve never seen the way she smiles at me when she’d made me cum. I pushed myself up off the bed and hugged her close, licking my own cream off her face. “Thank you.” I whispered. “I love you.” My knees were weak and my legs felt like spaghetti noodles. I pulled her onto the bed with me.

“Did you enjoy that?” Laura asked, her fingers gripping my back and we held one another. 

I laughed. As if she couldn’t tell by the small lake in the middle of the bed. “Oh gods baby.” I grinned and licked her cheek. She hates it when I do that, but all the same, I think she likes the affection. “Laura it was wonderful.”

She gives a satisfied little hum and cuddles me. Yes people, dykes cuddle after sex too. I can feel her wetness pressed against my thigh and suddenly, she moves up and down against me. “Oh, still not satisfied are we slave?” I grab her by the shoulders and flip her over onto the bed. I pull out the large dildo and poise over her like a knife ready to penetrate her breasts. “Get ready slave girl…because I’m not done with you yet.”