 If you haven't read my previous post (A Horny Woman: Beginnings), then shame on you! 

All kidding aside, let me rehash a little bit. My name's Paula Oort. I'm 34, single and very independent. The obligatory physical stuff - I'm relatively tall for a woman at five-eight, I am in great shape and keep the flab away with an hour or so of work every day, my boobs are very noticeable at 38DD and I have no problems making sure they are seen. I love sex. I love flirting and teasing. I can be an exhibitionist when I feel like it, which is usually when I'm on the prowl. And I've learned that boundaries are meant to be crossed. Multiple times, if needs be. I figured it was time to fill you in on some of what made me this way.

After I hit 18 in high school, barely a weekend went by where I was alone. I discovered a lot of ways to please myself and spent hours (sometimes) with my holes stuffed and my clit buzzed. Those weekends were relatively rare, since I made sure that it was known that I loved sex. On my terms, of course. If a guy wasn't up to making me come before he did, then he never got the chance. After the second guy I went out with played the "I'm the guy, just blow me" game and I refused, the word got out. From that time on, I was treated royally.

That's not to say that every guy was a marvel at eating my pussy. Many had to be talked through what they were doing - but given that their rewards ranged from deep throat blowjobs to fucking an ass for the first time to good old straight-ahead, bareback sex, they all found it to be worth it. And some of them became REALLY good. Clever and creative. Those were the guys I made sure to tell the other girls in school about. To this day, a couple of them are still in my phone - when we wind up in the same location, we always manage at least a night of great sex. 

And after High School ended and before college, I tried lots of things to see if I would like them. And I liked almost everything, as it turned out. Anal? Yup. Spit-roasting? Absolutely! Double Penetration? Of course! A non-stop parade of cock in all holes for hours? Yes, that was one amazing night and I love to take out the video of it every once in a while and get off while watching it again. I was a fucking animal! That was a going away party to live in history!

Then I started college at a relatively small school out of state. I intentionally went out of state because there was so much I wanted to see in the world. I spent my first month or so very laid back and covered up, just basically observing how things went. I shared a suite in the dorms with three other women, and we were quite a mix. Gwen Wong was from San Francisco, a second generation American and smart as a whip. At just five feet tall, she seemed like your stereotypical Asian-American woman - until she opened her mouth! I have yet to meet someone to this day who could curse as much as she did! Combine that with a penchant for cigars and cheap beer, and she sure went against type.

Mary Sue Green was - you guessed it - a five-foot, four inch, brown haired, blue-eyed, typical white American girl. I mean, she could have been the poster girl for the young women's version of Jane from "Dick and Jane." With her knee-length skirts, sweaters and button-down shirts she was a friggin stereotype if there was one! And, at the same time, she too was brilliant. Her IQ was over 150 - and as a freshman she was already enrolled in senior math and science classes. What you would normally think of as a bookworm, right? 

Finally, completing our suite, was Sheila Goldberg. From Brooklyn, no less! The stereotypical accent and all! Sheila was six-feet tall and on a basketball scholarship. Long arms and longer legs, and what a mouth she had! She could have been doing standup comedy! There wasn't a situation we ran into that she didn't somehow come up with a punch line; all of us at one time or another had needed to change clothing because we had something in our mouths that was expelled at velocity after one of her comments! 

And, of course, me. I tried to play it coy and quiet. I restrained myself and kept all the toys that I had brought with me in my underwear drawer. I mean, I just didn't know them well enough to be open about my love of sex. But that changed - thank goodness!

The suite was set up with two bedrooms, two bathrooms and a common living/dining area. We decided to draw straws to see who would bunk with whom. We wound up with Gwen and Sheila sharing one room, and Mary Sue and I had the other. We agreed that after midterms we'd switch again, so that eventually we'd all have roomed with each other. Made sense at the time. 

It was Saturday afternoon, and I'd spent the morning at the gym using the weights and then swimming laps. The pool got rid of the sweat, but I decided to shower at the room to get rid of the chlorine. When I got to the suite all three were out, so I went into the bathroom Mary Sue and I shared and stripped down. Treating the place like home, I left the door open and got in the shower. After shampooing and conditioning my hair, I washed and scrubbed everything else. Then I detached the shower head and dialed it to pulsating and directed it between my legs. I mean, it had been at least a week since I'd had any chance to play with myself (let alone actually have sex) and I was alone, relaxed, eyes closed, enjoying the feel of warm water on my clit...

"Ooh, girl, I can do better than that if you'll let me!"

My initial reaction was to freeze and get upset - but someone was talking about sex and making me feel good.

"Well if you're that good, I'd be happy to let you." I opened my eyes to Mary Sue busily unbutton her blouse, kicking off her shoes and rapidly getting naked. 

"Are you gay?" She asked.

"I'm pretty happy." I answered, ever the snarky one. "I'm simply into sex. And I'll try anything. Any time. Does that count?"

"Um, you don't have to..." She was now hesitating. 

"Mary Sue, I got it, you're gay. Not a problem. I promise that it won't be a problem living together if I decide I don't like it, although I can't see what there is to dislike. But if you don't get in here and live up to your big words, we're never gonna know, are we?"

That seemed to release her from her hesitancy and she continued stripping until she was naked. I turned off the shower as she reached for a towel, holding it open for me as I stepped out. 

"Close your eyes and just concentrate on what you feel, okay?"

"Sure."

Well, it was deliriously amazing. I don't know how else to describe it. Mary Sue used the towel and her hands to dry me and arouse me at the same time. Keeping my eyes closed made it even better. She would take a dry section of towel and lightly rub it on my skin in a circle that grew wider. She stared on my back, at the shoulders, and gently wiped away the water as the towel in her hands glided up and down my back. 

When my back was done, my skin was feeling incredibly alive. My nipples were as hard as they had ever been, and my juices were flowing. She wrapped that towel around my upper body, and took another to go lower. How can I say this? She used that towel to make love to my ass! Wiping, sliding, caressing, pressing. I felt my hips begin to move as she worked it into the crack between my cheeks, and then worked down the outside and back of one leg, rubbing and drying and arousing me. I was aching for her to work on my inner thighs but she stayed away from the. She finished that leg and my foot, then moved to my foot on the other leg and worked back up to my ass. By this time, I was whimpering with pleasure. She wrapped that towel around my waste and had me turn to face her.

I did. I opened my eyes and looked into hers and then I kissed her deeply. I drove my tongue deep in her mouth and dueled with hers. Her eyes widened in delight. Then she pulled back. 

"Close them again. There's still more of you to dry."

"Yeah, but I'm getting wetter and wetter!" I said with a grin. 

"I'll take care of that as well."

She unwrapped the towel around my upper body and proceeded to treat my boobs to the most heavenly touching ever! Not the "rub off the water so their dry" way I dry off, but the "I'm going to pull the water off your skin so smoothly you'll feel each drop disappear" movements of towel and hands. Each boob was taken as a whole and she wrapped them in the towel, one at a time, pressing, squeezing and stroking them. Pulling the water off and generating intense pleasure as she did. My nipples were more distended than ever when she began moving her hands lower on my body.

"If you don't start sucking my nipples soon, I may scream!" I said. 

"No, you won't. You'll just let the feelings build. Now hush!"

Her hands dried up under my arms and my boobs, and then my stomach. It felt like my cunt had turned into a faucet - I had never been wetter there. Finally, she was satisfied my upper body was dry and she unwrapped the towel around my hips. She got on her knees and once again dried everything except my inner thighs. Now I was moaning. And then she began working her way up inside my legs. With every inch, as she moved from my arches towards me knees and higher, I had to resist pulling her hands to my pussy and let her keep control. 

"I'm so glad you're shaved. Makes it much easier to dry there, don't you agree?" She was teasing me. 

"Then please do something about it. Anything. Please" I heard myself pleading. I didn't care. 

Then she spread my legs wider and dried off the remains of the shower. The moisture on my lips was something else. 

"These needs something else besides a towel." She murmured as she breathed out on my pussy lips. My hands when to her head and began to pull her in. 

"Lean back against the sink. Spread your legs and keep your eyes closed." I complied.

I then felt tiny tingles as she touched my outer lips with her tongue. Moving from place to place, darting from side to side, she was making me hotter and hotter. It was maddening and exquisite at the same time. Then her hands were on my ass cheeks and her mouth fastened to the outer lips of my pussy. Her tongue drove up between them and in, slipping into me as deeply as any one had. Two swipes and I began to come, holding her head up against my groin as my hips pumped and my body shook and spasmed. It was an orgasm unlike any other, one that I felt in every part of my body even though it was centered in my cunt. 

"Stop. Please stop. I'm going to fall down if you don't. And I am going to open my eyes."

I looked down at her, naked, on her knees and her mouth still fastened to my pussy. 

"Well, you were right! I'll take that over a shower head any day! Can I try now?"

"Really? You would try?"

"Why the fuck not? I want to see if I can get you off now. Turnabout and all that."

"Okay, well, we probably ought to go to a bed, right?" We left the towels for later and moved to my bed.

"Lie back, baby and spread 'em! I need to find out what pussy tastes like!"

We both giggled.

"I have a question." I said. "Are you strictly gay? Do you fuck? Oh, that's two questions. But I probably have more."

"I've had straight sex. No big deal - but maybe it's because all three guys I've ever tried with came quick and then it was over."

"That's about right. Sounds like you need to learn to train your men. I can help with that."

She was now lying there, hands behind her head, legs spread wide. Her boobs were smaller than mine but firm and round. Her nipples were small, surrounded by pale aureola. I got down on my knees beside her and resume kissing her. It was very different from the tongue battles I'd had before. She was content to receive and didn't 

"fight back" but instead, welcomed my tongue in her mouth. My hands moved to her boobs, and they were different than mine and somehow the same. I began to caress them as if they were mine and felt her respond. I moved from her mouth to her neck and her ears, treating everything my mouth touched with love and lust. As my head moved towards her tits, I moved a hand down her body, over her stomach. I stopped with a start with my hands encountered hair.

"Girl, you got a hairy pussy! What's that about?"

"I've just been too nervous to shave. I don't want to hurt myself." 

"We'll take care of that. Eventually. For now, I guess I'll deal with it."

"You better!"

And I went back to sucking her nipples, which had grown longer. I really began to work them, first one and then the other. I tried biting one. I heard her gasp and felt her react and knew I was on the right track. I liked it, so why wouldn't she, right? By now I had two fingers deep in her twat, exploring the sides, enjoying the feel of her juices on them. 

"Wait there. I'll be back." I said.

"Hurry!" She urged.

I walked over to my dresser and opened my underwear drawer. I took out my "Jeff Stryker" dildo and went back to the bed. I got between her legs and brought my face to her pussy. I was fascinated by it. The hair. The outer lips and the inner ones protruding through them. Even though I had my own, I'd never seen one up close and it was amazing. I touched it, tentatively, and loved her reactions as I did. I leaned closer and inhaled, smelling an aroma much like mine but different. That was all it took and I fastened my mouth to her pussy, closed my eyes and began to explore. 

It was like I had entered a new world. It wasn't anything like sucking a cock, and yet there were similarities in some of the sensations of smooth and loose skin. The taste was all its own, of course, and the sensation of her juices and her flesh was a complete rush. 

I brought the head of the dildo to the lips of her cunt and stroked them up and down, covering it with her juices. I drove my tongue deep in her hole and could feel how wet it was, so I moved the head of the dildo to it and pushed. It went in suddenly and I felt her react so I held it there. 

"What is it? What did you put in me?"

"The head of a large, very realistic dildo that I use all the time. I'll take it slow and I promise you'll love it! Okay?"

"Yes. I think. It's stretching me open."

"Good. That's the intention. Just close your eyes and enjoy the sensations. Gee, does that sound familiar?" Ever the snarky one, I. 

"Funny, but okay." 

I resumed the pressure to push it into her. Slowly I would move it in, hold it and the pull back. Then I would press forward and push it deeper, each time. 

"Oh. Shit! Oh. Damn! I love it! I've never had anything feel like this. It's amazing."

I kept up the pressure and moved my mouth to her clit, biting it gently between my lips, running my tongue over it, applying pressure to it. In another two minutes it was completely up inside her and mouth tongue was dancing on her clit. I was doing to it what I wanted to have done to me - it seemed to be working.

Without warning she grabbed my hair and pulled me into her, jamming my mouth on her clit - she was cumming. Hers felt different than mine, but it was an orgasm never the less. I felt her cunt spasming on the dildo in it and heard her deep moaning. I found myself really happy! Like I was proud of myself for making her come. I was even nervous, like somehow what I did or the way I did it might not be okay. I kept strumming her clit with my tongue to prolong the orgasm until she pulled my head back and fell back on the bed, the dildo still deep inside her. 

"FUCK!" She said. "And you've never been with a woman before? You sure?"

"I'm sure. Believe me, I'd know. Was that any good?" I asked, somewhat nervously.

"Wholly, completely, mind blowing, mother-fuckingly awesome! Did YOU enjoy it?" It was her turn to be nervous. 

"Hell yes! I may not switch completely, but I now know I can go both ways. And since I'm generally always horny, I've doubled my chances on getting lucky! What's not to like?"

"Ever the jokester. But it's kind of true, I guess. And where did you get this amazing dildo? I don't know if I ever want to take it out!"

"I got mine in the adult store, downtown. But Amazon, girl. Amazon always delivers!"

"It's a lot different when it's that big." 

"That's why I got it out. I figured you'd appreciate the difference. Ah, Mary Sue, what now?"

"What do you mean?" 

"Girl, relax. All that's happened is that you've discovered you go both ways. Nothing to do but enjoy it, as far as I'm concerned. If it comes up, it comes up. Can you handle that?"

"Yeah. Of course, I can. And now I think I need another shower - I smell like sex!"

"Well, we both do and we're out of dry towels. So, don't bother. Just be a slut like me."

At that point we broke up, laughing, and got dressed casual - t-shirts and sweat pants - and both of us took a nap. On the same bed. In each other's arms. 

We stayed in that Saturday night and just hung out. Watched TV. Read. Talked. She was right - nothing needed to be done. 

Nothing except discover the trials and joys of sixty-nine with another woman. That was wild! I liked being on the bottom a lot because she had full access to my cunt, and the pressure of her on my boobs added to the feelings. When we switched, I found I liked the top because I was in control of when I was eating her cunt. So it turned out that I could do either and be happy. That was the important part, anyway. Right?

When we saw the other girls, the subject never came up, so nothing was said. And we began our second week. One thing that started happening was that we'd sleep in our own beds, but which ever one of us woke up first would take on waking the other. And we started getting creative about how. I mean, if we were waking up guys, that would be easy - they usually start the day with hardons, and from personal experience I can tell you they LOVE waking up to a hot, wet mouth sucking their morning wood. 

Don't think so? Then why are there so many stories written about that happening? In our case, I started it. I was up first, and notice that Mary Sue's sheet was off and her boobs were exposed. Laid out, ready for sucking - so I fastened my mouth to one and suckled it. We both wound up late for class that day, but it was so worth it. She returned the favor later that week. 

[Continued in A Horny Woman: A Night Out]