 Um, this is the fourth chapter so far. If you need some context for this story, go back and read the previous chapters. I typed my fingers to the bone. Okay, that's a bit of an exaggeration - but I hate repeating myself. If you need to know more, it's there. 

***

After our group night out, we dropped all pretenses in the suite. It started when Mary Sue came home from classes on Monday and simply stripped naked and sat on the couch, legs splayed and her fingers busy with her pussy. It was as if it didn't matter who saw her - and actually, the only one pussy I hadn't seen in the group was Sheila's. But that was going to happen soon anyway. 

"Mary Sue," I asked. "What's gotten into you?"

"Technically, nothing so far! If you're asking how come I'm playing with myself and simply skirting the issue, it's because I've been so fucking horny for the past two hours, I thought I'd explode! It seems my American Studies professor has a habit of going commando, and sitting up front on her desk. I thought you had stones, the way you dressed this past weekend - well, she's got bigger ones. She basically tried to teach 20 students about the history of the Grand Canyon while showing off her own valley. I know I wasn't the only one who it got to - I saw at least three girls fingering themselves, and I'd swear a couple of the guys were jerking off. I held back - but now I'm home and letting loose."

"Dayam! That's amazing. I wonder how long she's been doing that?" I asked.

"From what I was told, since about mid-way through last year. It started as soon as enrollment for her class ended. I bet that if the word gets out her next semester will be standing room only! Now either let me alone so I can finish, or get over here and help!"

Ever the friendly one, I chose to assist. I got naked as well, moved between her legs, pulled her forwards so her pussy was at the edge and moved her fingers aside with my head. I took a deep breath and inhaled the smell of her musk, then bent to taste her. I used my tongue to try to reach every inch of her pussy before shifting to her clit.

"If you're going to suck my clit, then you better use your hands to fill my cunt!"

"Yes, ma'am." I purred. And with that I worked three fingers up inside her, searching for her g-spot. I heard the door open and started to turn, but her hand on my head prevented that. 

"Gwen, get over here and work on my nipples. They are dying to be squeezed and twisted. Hard! Oh, and take off your clothes as well!" The sound of clothing hitting the floor came next, and then I felt a body next to us. That had to be Gwen obeying. I still had one free hand, and used it to find her pussy. I heard a gasp, a giggle and then a moan as I got to work with it. 

Mary Sue, meanwhile, was beginning to sound like a cat in heat. She was breathing hard, making mewing sounds, and otherwise letting the world know she was getting close to coming. I sped up my tongue on her clit, and reached the letter T when she finally let loose. As she did her pussy grabbed my fingers and held them deep inside as she shuddered with her release. As soon as she relaxed enough to let me go, I shifted my attention to Gwen. I sat her down next to Mary Sue and spread her legs. My hand was already three fingers deep in her slit, so all I needed to do was reposition her so her clit was accessible and soon I was once again tonguing the alphabet where it mattered most. 

I can tell you definitively that all pussy does NOT taste the same! My side by side taste testing revealed some fascinating, subtle differences that I enjoyed. They were the same and yet different. It was cool! And, once again, as I was sucking a clit, I heard the door open. This time I didn't even try to turn - I just kept at it. 

"Sheila, get naked and get over here. You need to have Paula eat your pussy. She's got a magical tongue." Again, I heard clothes hit the floor. Mary Sue got up and Sheila took her place. Mary Sue's hands rested on my shoulders as if she was trying to guide my mouth. When that didn't work, she switched gears and reached around to play with my tits, stroking them. Lightly rubbing them. Teasing my nipples, which were beginning to ache with desire. I could hear the squishy sounds of fingers in a pussy and figured it was Sheila. I adjusted my hands so one was still in Gwen and reached for Sheila with the other. 

Not sure what actually triggered Gwen's orgasm - but all of a sudden, she was bucking and shrieking and twitching. It was awesome - I had now made two of my roommates come and I knew what kind of pleasure it was. I was feeling extremely powerful and so I very quickly moved to Sheila's pussy. What a surprise - I had never encountered so much hair in my life! Her mound was covered with tangled, black curls. It didn't turn me off, but it was so unusual. Beneath it all, she had the same equipment we all did, so I went back to what I knew to do. I was surprised, thought, by the size of her clit - it was a lot bigger than mine or the other girls. It was almost like a mini-penis. I treated it like one as my fingers moved inside her.

"Yes!" I heard her say. "Somebody squeeze my tits! Pull my nipples!" I could tell by the movement around me that both Gwen and Mary Sue responded, and seconds later Sheila was squirting in my face! 

"Some body get me a towel!" I said, laughing. "That was amazing. Did you know you each taste different?"

"Never thought about it before, but that makes sense." Laughed Gwen. "But what about you? Seems like we ought to find a way to return the favor."

"Oh, I have just the thing for Paula." Said Sheila. "I know she's going to like it. I can tell."

This left me curious, but I trusted them, right?

Sheila got up and went into her room, coming back out with a black bag. She took my hand and led me over to the ottoman in the room. "Lie on it, face down."

When I did the three of them suddenly had rope in their hands and I found myself being fastened to the ottoman. I was held securely at each arm and leg, my legs spread wide and my pussy and ass on full display. That wasn't really a problem, just different. As I began to wonder what they had in mind, my pussy, already wet from my subservience, now was almost gushing. Liquid was actually running down my leg. I heard a noise behind me - a buzzing sound. And then another. Oh boy!

Each of them took a minute to kiss me deeply. Then Mary Sue stood in front of me with my Jeff Stryker dildo on a belt - she had herself a cock! And she held it in her hand and brought it to my lips.

"Go on, slut. Here's a cock for you to suck!" With that I opened my mouth and she thrust her hips forwards. I had a good six inches in when she held still and began to pull back. 

She took her time moving in and out, and I decided to treat it like a real one. I was getting into it when I felt some cold liquid between my ass cheeks, and fingers working it into my ass hole. It took some work to relax my back door while dealing with a big cock in my mouth, but I managed. Now there were fingers in and out of my ass as I felt another set of them working on my pussy. Someone's thumb ran up and down the slit, slipped between the lips and began to work them. Another hand was at my clit, teasing and withdrawing, then pinching and squeezing. 

As Mary Sue began a steady in and out rhythm, the fingers in my butt withdrew and a larger object was pressed against the tiny opening. It didn't take much and I was soon filled with what was obviously another dildo, slowly working its way up inside my ass. As if that weren't enough, the fingers in my pussy were replaced by yet a third dildo, this one the biggest of them all (or so it felt). The interesting part was how easily that big boy slid all the way in. 

"Damn, she must sure like big cock."

"Yeah, she seems to fit it really easily."

I moaned an agreement, but it probably just came out as a moan. 

"One, two, three" said the voices at my back, and on three they turned on the vibrators they had impaled me with, shoving them as deep into me as they could. I started coming immediately. I saw stars. Galaxies. I felt torn apart and put back together again. I probably bit down on the cock in my mouth - good thing it wasn't real! And I passed out.

I woke a few minutes later (I found out afterwards), flat on my back on the couch with the three of them crowding around me, seemingly worried. 

"You passed out. Are you okay?" Asked Mary Sue. 

"We were going to call 911, but then we thought about how we could explain it and decided not to." Gwen started the laughter. 

I joined in. "Er, the patient blacked out due to multiple injections of penile substitute. There was electricity involved. Maybe that had something to do with it." I was hysterically laughing. 

"Dildo overdose!" Shrieked Gwen! 

"Sheila, what made you so sure I'd like that?" I asked. 

"Simple - all the stories you guys told us about your Saturday night adventure. I took a chance."

"Well, it isn't something I'd do all the time, but I now can highly recommend it if any of you are up for it." I responded. There were no immediate takers, but at least two "maybe laters".

"Okay, I need a shower - I've been bathed in pussy juices and sweat, so I'm going to get clean. But from now on, I'm letting y'all know that I consider clothing optional. And know that if you are bringing folks back here. If you don't want them to see that, warn me, okay?" I got up to head to the shower. 

"I like the idea too. Same goes for me." Said Mary Sue. 

"Same here."

"Me too."

And from then on, we hung out naked. Initially, it seemed to invite a lot of erotic behavior. For the first two weeks or so it seemed like someone was always coming, whether by themselves or with others. We established a group toy collection - dildos, butt plugs and more. If you think coming up with rules around house cleaning and doing the dishes was tough, coming up with them around sex toys was even weirder. Who cleans them? Who is responsible for batteries? Where do we keep them? It was actually funny. 

At some point, it just became about hanging out naked. We were even known in the rest of the dorm - going to visit Paula, Mary Sue, Gwen or Sheila? Then be prepared to either get naked and join them, or deal with them being naked. A bunch of girls got rid of their body hang ups by visiting us. Naked is naked. Flesh is flesh. Granted, Gwen and I had really good figures, Sheila's body was a temple of development as an athlete, and Mary Sue was really ordinary - we passed no judgements on our friends, fat, skinny, tall or short. 

We did see some amazing boobs - there were a couple of girls who'd gotten enhancements and we had a blast when they showed us how they'd done it - and one of the other women just simply had massive natural boobs. She was nervous to be seen naked at first, but we made it safe and comfortable for her, and she eventually revealed an enormous pair of boobs. We all just talked at that point - and discussed teasing, jealousy, annoyance at juvenile males, and we all learned that she was in constant pain carrying those melons around. She's still one of my dearest friends, and, I'm happy to report, she eventually got them reduced in size. I went to visit her two weeks after it was done, and I've never met a happier woman! Some of it was due to little things like being able to see her feet when standing up, to no longer suffering excruciating back aches. Two weeks later she let me know how much her sex life had improved as well. 

As you might imagine, we discovered (and encouraged) more than a few women who visited to participate in the joys of sapphic love. We were written up in at least one lesbian magazine for our openness on the subject. We all debated long and hard about whether we'd let ourselves be identified - only Mary Sue did. 

Once a month we played our Wicked game. We all kept lists, throughout the month, of wicked things we thought of. On game day, each of us would go through the lists, write a bunch of our ideas on slips of paper, and then put them in a bowl. While at first it was just the four of us, by the second month there were half a dozen new players. It was simple - you drew a card and had to let the other players know what it was by demonstrating. And yes, everything that just flashed through your mind as you read that and more was part of it. Add liquor (and occasionally pot) and it was where our dirty minds took flight. I was introduced to fisting. Among other things. If I could find a market beyond horny women, I'd consider marketing it. Might not make a lot of money, but the user testimonials would be killer!

In any case, none of the four of us was ever horny for any protracted length of time. And we grew as close as could be. Ever since, we get together for a weekend together at a private cabin. Now it's just three of us - we lost Mary Sue to breast cancer three years after we graduated. Her wife Neelam has taken her place so it's still a foursome. 

I highly recommend college!

[Continued in A Horny Woman:Ch05 - Subbing]