 I woke up to a tender kiss on the lips. My body, for a second, tensed at the unfamiliar situation until my mind cleared a little. Opening my eyes, I looked at the beautiful visage of Keisha smiling at me. "Sorry that I woke you Miss Smith." Keisha softly whispered as she snuggled closer to me. "You looked so kissable that I couldn't resist." I wrapped my arms around her, holding her tightly against me. Our naked breasts were rubbing against each other and I could feel the smooth skin of her leg as she moved it slowly up and down my leg.

"Mmmmm...I give you thirty minutes to stop that." I said, my voice husky from sleep. Keisha giggled at that and continued to rub her body against mine. I drifted in and out of consciousness, feeling so relaxed at that moment that it was difficult to even form a coherent thought. Keisha started rubbing her hand over my right breast, gently toying with the nipple. I sighed at that which emboldened her to raise her head and wrap her velvety lips onto my teat. She started sucking on it, teasing the tip with her tongue. She trailed her right hand, which had been rubbing my breast, down across my stomach to the crotch of my panties and started rubbing my pussy through the silken material. I felt like I was floating, laying there, slipping between wakefulness and the Land of Nod. 

Keisha then began to maneuver herself so that she was between my legs, leaving a trail of little kisses as she went. She started licking my pussy lips through the material of my panties which, by this point, were already moist from the juice leaking out of me. I felt the fabric being pushed aside as her tongue began to collect all of the dew from my vagina. My breathing quickened as Keisha pushed her tongue deep into my hole while her nose rubbed against my clit. My breath caught at the sensations she was giving me as my ass bucked in the air. She gripped onto my hips with her strong hands as she pushed her tongue in as far as it would go. I cried out as my orgasm started to crest. Just at that moment, Keisha stopped licking me only to bite lightly down on my clit. That little bit of pain kicked off my orgasm and I covered her face with my cum. My mind hazed again as I felt her licking my pussy clean. Another orgasm hit me when she began to tongue my clit my body collapsed on the bed. I lay there, gasping for air like a fish on the beach, trying to collect my thoughts when I felt Keisha's lips, sticky from my juices, kiss me hard on my mouth. Our tongues wrestled for a moment before she laid her body against mine, her head again resting on my shoulder. My chest was still heaving as I came down from the orgasmic high this beautiful woman had given me. I lay there on the bed, basking in the afterglow, feeling the warmth from Keisha's body.

It wasn't long however before the call of nature distracted us from our reverie. I let her use the restroom first while I put on a pot of coffee to start brewing. I sat down on the toilet to relieve myself while Keisha stood there, turning on the faucets to the shower. It felt weird but strangely erotic, peeing with Keisha not five feet away. I finished up and then hopped in the shower with her. The fit was a little tight with the two of us trying to shower but fun. She soaped me up, lathering my entire body with body wash before I returned the favor. The warm water cascaded over our bodies as we rubbed against each other. There was a moment when we both stopped moving and gazed into each other's eyes. I felt my emotions welling up as she leaned into a kiss. I returned her kiss with a desire that I hadn't felt in years. Emotions flooded my brains as we stood there, locked in an embrace as the hot water poured from the shower head. 

Finally, we pulled back from the kiss, still hugging each other tightly. I could sense that both of us didn't want this moment to end. But reality ensued as the water began to turn cool. Reluctantly, we broke our embrace and stepped out of the rapidly cooling water. I turned the water off, patted myself dry and finished my bathroom duties as Keisha, after drying herself, walked, still naked, to the kitchen to pour herself a cup of coffee and went to sit on the couch. I thought about dressing myself but decided against it. It felt, well, right to be naked with Keisha in the house. I grabbed myself a cup of coffee and joined her. We sat on opposite ends of the couch, both of us leaning back against the armrest, our legs entwined, just sipping on the coffee, enjoying the silence and the feeling of each other's company. 

After I had finished my first cup, I rose up to get another one. I asked Keisha if she wanted me to freshen her cup but she just shook her head no. I could feel her eyes on my body as I stood at the counter. "Damn Miss Smith. You have one hell of a nice backside." I giggled at the compliment and walked back to the couch to sit down.

"Why thank you Keisha." I said as I sat next to her. "I personally think your ass is just amazing." We both laughed at that as she snuggled next to me on the couch. "I have to ask you something though." I said as I wrapped my arm around her. "Why do you call me Miss Smith? Not that I mind, per se." 

She took another sip of her coffee before answering. "I don't know, really. It just feels right somehow. Like you are the teacher leading me along this path of discovery. I haven't felt this happy in a long time." She paused for a second, thinking of what words to say. "Even with Leon, it felt like I had to date him because it was expected of me, not because I wanted to. But when I'm with you, I feel no pressure on how I'm supposed to act. I can just enjoy myself, enjoy you." I sat in silence, listening to her pour her heart out. I knew how she felt. There was so much pressure in our lives with work, school, social norms that it felt good just being with someone with whom you could relax. I again briefly wondered how far this could go between us. It's not like we had known each other for a long time but it already felt so right holding her in my arms.

"I do have to leave for a while today, though." Keisha said after a long pause. "I have some stuff to do back at the school but I would love to come back, if that's okay." 

"Of course it's okay." I said, squeezing her shoulder. "I have to run some errands myself so just call me when you are ready to come back." With that, Keisha rose up off the couch and went to get dressed. I noticed, watching her as she retrieved her clothes from the front door where we had left them, that she had put the panties that I had leant her last night back on. Also, when she retrieved her bra from my purse, she left her panties in my bag. I smiled at her slightly disheveled appearance as she walked over and gave me a kiss goodbye and then walked out the door. I sat there for a while, just sipping on my coffee, thinking about how quiet and empty the house was now. I finally rose up, went to my purse and retrieved her panties. I wanted to feel close to her so I put them on, reveling in the thought that they had touched her body. I then put on my lounging clothes, retrieved my laptop and finished the briefing that was due by Monday. This took me a couple of hours and by the time I was finished, it was around noon.

I had been working so intently that when I was finished, I realized that I was famished. I went to the bedroom, threw on a pair of jeans, a pair of flats, and a nice button down. I had decided to cook a nice meal for Keisha and myself and prepared to run to the store. On a whim, I left the top three buttons on my top undone which showcased my cleavage nicely. I put on a little makeup, grabbed my purse and headed out the door.

On my way to the store, I passed an adult store. I had thought about going into it before but had always been a little self conscious about the whole thing. After buying the groceries and stopping to get a bite to eat, I started to drive home. Approaching the adult store again, I made up my mind and pulled in. There was a bored looking older woman at the counter who smiled at me as I entered and said to let her know if I needed help. She was pretty enough but somewhat butch with short brunette hair, several tattoos and her nose and ears pierced. I walked over to the dildos lined against the wall. I didn't even really know what I was looking for. I felt like a kid at the toy store, overwhelmed with choices. That's when I saw the strap on. I studied it for a minute and imagined myself fucking Keisha to orgasm. I had to get it. Then I started to really go a little crazy. Anal beads, a double dildo, scented oil, and finally, a pair of nipple clamps. Those choices and the strap on rounded out my purchases. The woman smiled at me again as she rang up the items and checking out my tits at the same time. I blushed a bit, feeling a little like a statue on display as I took the bag and went to my car. 

I finally made it home around three and then received a text from Keisha saying she would be back around four so it gave me sometime to freshen up before she returned. Stripping down to my panties, well her panties, I put away the groceries before pouring myself some wine, spreading my new toys on the coffee table, sitting down in my favorite chair and examining all of the purchases I made. I picked up the nipple clamps first. I wasn't that into the whole pain thing but I loved playing with my nipples and breasts. I took a sip of wine before putting the glass down. I knew I had to try them. I began to rub my tits, feeling the smooth, pliant skin of my breasts and the sensitive nubbins that capped them. An electrical jolt traveled down from my nipples and went right to my pussy as I sighed, leaning back in the chair. 

I played with my nipples until they became hard and then, after taking a deep breath, attached the clamp to my right nipple. Expecting pain, I was surprised that it wasn't that bad. Sure, there was a little pain but it combined with my excited state, turning me on more. I clamped down on the left nipple and a little orgasm twitched through me. I loved the way the chain swayed with every movement, subtly tugging on my nipples. Picking up the double headed dildo, I began rubbing it against the crotch of Keisha's panties. A damp spot formed on the fabric as I increased the pressure and speed of my hand. With my other hand, I started to pull on the chains, causing my breasts to form cones. I thought about Keisha and how I would be fucking her with this dildo, how our pussies would be grinding together. That thought pushed me over the edge and I coated the lacy white panties with my juices. 

After I calmed down, I put down the plastic prick and gingerly removed the clamps from my nipples, wincing a bit as the blood flowed back in. Gathering up the toys, I put them away in my special drawer, hoping that Keisha would like them. Glancing at the clock, I still had a half an hour or so before she was due back. The cum soaked panties felt great against my skin as I sat back down in my chair, picked up my glass and waited for Keisha to return. I started reflecting on the past couple of months since I had first seen her picture. I realized as I was sitting there that I had never orgasmed this much as I had in the past two months or so. It's like my libido was making up for lost time. Ever since I had broken up with Lisa, my sex drive had been on low gear. Sure, I would finger myself or use one of my toys every once in a while but that was nothing compared to recently. I also realized that I hadn't had a real vacation from work in what seemed like forever. It was if I was subconsciously working all of the time just to avoid any social life. Even social media had long since lost its appeal and I had shut everything and everyone out so that I wouldn't hurt again. A vacation was sounding really good right about now. Somewhere that had a beach, Mai Tais, and Keisha and myself in string bikinis. I began to fantasize about what would happen if this occurred when I heard a knock on the door.

It was Keisha, right on time. I opened the door to let her in and as soon as she crossed the threshold, she dropped the bag she was carrying, embraced me a kissed me hard on the lips. "God, I missed you!" she exclaimed after we broke the kiss. I smiled at that, telling her that I missed her too. Pulling back, I noticed that she was wearing workout clothes. A red sports bra and black spandex shorts with a pair of high tops completed her ensemble. 

"Wow! Ever think of modeling for one of those sports mags?" I asked her. I couldn't stop looking at her and the scent of her musky sweat mixed with perfume was driving me wild.

"Yeah. I had a couple of offers to do some modeling but it's not my bag." She said smiling. Giggling when she noticed that I was wearing her panties, she said "I love what you have on too."

"I couldn't help myself. They were there and I needed something of yours near me." I took her by the hand and led her to the bathroom. "You might want to wash them though. I'm afraid I got a little excited and well, orgasmed while wearing them. Sorry."

She laughed at that as I sat her down on the toilet. "Maybe I won't knowing that it's your cum next to my pussy." I shyly smiled at that before I knelt down in front of her and began taking off her shoes and socks. She leaned back against the tank and sighed. I finished with her right foot and, after bringing it to my face, inhaling the scent and kissing her toes, did the same with her left foot. I then got to my feet, helped her up, removed her top, lowered her shorts and thong and started the water for the tub. As it filled, we stood there, rubbing each others bodies, both of us just enjoying the sensual touch of the other. She grasped the panties I was wearing and lowered them down to my feet. I stepped out of them and then helped her into the tub. I am pretty sure the she was expecting me to join her as she looked at me expectantly. I shook my head no and told her that this was for her relaxation.

"Anyway, I have something to do for us. How do you like your steak?" Her eyes got really big and her mouth dropped open. I giggled at her expression and explained, "It's been a long while since I've cooked for anyone but myself. I really want to treat you special tonight." She smiled at me and nodded in understanding, then telling me she liked it medium rare. I reached down to grab the panties to put them back on but, on impulse, grabbed the thong instead. Pulling the panties on, I dimmed the bathroom lights on my way out. Grabbing and donning an old tee shirt from my bedroom so I wouldn't get hot grease on my bared breasts, I poured two glasses of wine. I brought one to Keisha who gratefully accepted the offered glass.

"God, Miss Smith. If this keeps up, I'm gonna have to marry you." I laughed at that, winked and blew her a kiss before going to start dinner. I really did go all out; steak, pasta primavera, and a fresh garden salad were on the menu along with baked apple pie and ice cream for dessert. I'd even picked up two red roses for the centerpiece on the table. I went and put on a pair of shorts before retrieving my date for the night who was, as I walked in, relaxing very comfortably in the tub. Keisha took hold of my offered hand and I helped her out of the tub. I dried her very gently before I let the water out. When I looked back to her, she had picked up the panties that I had orgasmed in earlier and, with a mischievous smile on her face, donned them. "Wow!" she exclaimed as she walked out of the bedroom over to the duffle bag lying next to the door. "It smells amazing in here."

"I hope you enjoy it." I said, preparing the table. She walked in to the dining area dressed as I was in a tee shirt and shorts and plucked a rose from the vase, inhaling its scent before replacing it back. I pulled the chair out for her and began to serve us dinner. Dinner was magnificent if I do say so. We kept the topics light, talking about the days events and the case that was due in two days. I think both of us were testing the other, whether there could really be something substantial between us or was the attraction purely uninhibited lust on my part and a experimentation into lesbian sex on hers. 

After dinner and dessert was through, Keisha and I sat on the couch, both of us nursing our wine. I turned on my favorite Pandora station of light jazz and was pleased to find that she approved of my music. We were sitting there, continuing the conversation that we had started during dessert about her schooling. The spring semester was coming to a close and Keisha had said that she had planned to go back home during summer but now wasn't so sure she wanted to. My heart had sunk when she had first said it but rose again when I heard her expressing doubts about her plans.

"Ever been to Hawaii?" I asked, bring the glass of wine to my lips, smiling inwardly at her stunned expression.

"You can't be serious!" she said, still with a stunned look on her face.

"Why not?" I replied, setting the glass on the coffee table. I took her hands in mine and faced her before I continued. "It's been a long time since I've had a vacation. There's not really been a reason to." Tears began to well up in my eyes. "Ever since Lisa, I've shut the world away, not wanting to be hurt again. But you...helped me open up again." Words were becoming harder to say as my voice cracked. "Ever since you walked in to my shut off little world, I've been, well, better." Keisha just sat there, listening to me open my heart to her. "I know this is sudden and I don't want to rush you or scare you or pressure you in anyway and if you say no, I'd understand." Tears were streaking down my face as I finished. Keisha just looked at me, an unreadable expression on her face. She let go of my hands and my heart sank again. Then she put her hands on my face and brought her lips to mine. We kissed, not urgently, not lustily, but tenderly, in love. I felt a tear drop touch my nose and realized that she was crying too. She pulled back and I could see the tear streaks on her cheeks.

"Miss Smith. Pamela. It would be my sole honor and pleasure to go with you no matter where it is." When she said that, I couldn't help it. Years of being alone, purposefully locking my heart away pored out of me as I leaned down resting my head on her lap and began to cry in earnest. I curled my feet up on the couch and gripped her leg as I sobbed on her lap. I could feel her hands caressing me, comforting me in my time of emotional need. Keisha leaned down and kissed my forehead. That act calmed me down somewhat and I sat back up, trying to wipe my tears away with my fingers. Keisha got up and ran to the bathroom to get me some tissue which I gratefully accepted. I dabbed my eyes dry and let out a small choking laugh as I apologized for breaking down like that. "No, Pamela. Never apologize to me for that." Keisha said in a firm voice. 

"I honestly don't know where this will lead between us but I want you to know that I am here for you. This is all happening so fast but nothing feels wrong about it. When I first started dating Leon, I had doubts. Was this what I wanted or was I doing it just because it was expected. I wasn't upset that I saw those pictures of him with Nicole. I felt free. Then God gave me the greatest gift. He led me to you Pamela. This is going to sound stupid but when I was gone today, all I wanted was to come back as soon as I could. Is this love between us? I don't know. But I do know that I love the feeling of being with you. That everyday for the past two months, I wanted to come to work because you were there. That the idea of going to Hawaii with you fills my heart with joy, not just because of Hawaii though that is cool, but because I get to be with you." I giggled at that last part and pulled her close to me again, feeling relief. I now knew she felt about me the way I felt for her.
