 I laughingly replied "Jesus girl! Are you trying to kill me?" I'd just had two tremendous cums and Keisha was still coming off the high of one of her own. Instead of replying though, she rolled me onto my back before mounting my body, sitting her gorgeous ass on my stomach, her freshly fucked pussy still glistening from the mixture of scented oil and our collective juices. I looked up at her, seeing the need and desire etched into her features. Reaching up, I cupped her ass cheeks and began to pull her towards my face. She scooted forward until her cunt was just inches from my mouth. Keisha grabbed my hair and pulled my face to her pussy. The aggressiveness really turned me on and I began to lick our juices off of her lips. Still holding my head to her body, Keisha began to move her hips, riding my face, her ass pressing down on my tits. I gripped her hips tightly and really went to work on her cunt. I could feel her body begin to tremble as I sucked her clitty into my mouth and lightly bit down. She threw her head back, screamed my name and covered my face with her cum. I lapped up her juices as fast as her cunny poured them out. She rode me to another orgasm before letting go of my hair and collapsing on the bed beside me.

We both laid there, panting. Keisha put her hand on my tit and scooted close, pressing her naked body against mine. "Sorry about that Pam." she said quietly. "I hope I didn't hurt you." She began to pet my hair with her other hand as she gently toyed with my nipple.

"It's okay baby. To tell the truth, I kinda liked it." Keisha giggled lightly at that.

"Mmmmm. I'll have to remember that for next time." she said, pinching my nipple. I winced but didn't push her hand away. We stayed like that for a while until I got up to go to the bathroom. Keisha got up also, walking to the kitchen to find a bite to eat. She retrieved the tub of vanilla ice cream from the freezer and two spoons. I joined her on the couch when I was finished and together, we scraped the container clean, feeding each other the frozen treat, licking off any droplets that dripped onto the other's body. 

Keisha and I talked about what I would prepare for the dinner that we were throwing for Aimie. It was decided that the same meal would be perfect. We spent the rest of the night just talking about the upcoming trip and what was happening at work. Keisha really wanted to continue the summer internship so I said I would recommend it for her with Miss Whitten. After a couple of glasses of wine each, we made our way to bed. This part, I adored. Keisha and I got between the sheets and she snuggled her body against mine so that I was spooning her. I held her tightly against me as I felt her drift off to sleep. I laid awake for a while more, thinking.

The next step for Keisha's and my relationship was a big one. On the day that I'd professed my love for her, we'd talked about moving in and decided to wait until after Hawaii so that she could finish school for the semester. Well, it was almost time for that to occur. In less than a month, I'd have a roommate/girlfriend. It would take some adjustment on both of our parts but I'm confident that our relationship would survive. 

Keisha murmured in her sleep and I pulled her closer, holding her tightly against me. Her ass fit nicely against my body and I cupped her right breast with my hand. Kissing her shoulder, I finally succumbed to sleep myself.

**************************

Finally, it was the start of my vacation. The last week of work had been tortuous but productive as I'd had to wrap up several cases. Even Keisha, the ever eternal optimist, was looking worn down by Friday. Miss Whitten was pleased by the way Keisha and I were handling ourselves at work and told me so. I was happy that she was happy because I knew that I'd been under scrutiny to see if there was any conflict. So, that was one major issue that I could stop obsessing over at least.

Saturday came and it was time for the big sendoff. The party was scheduled to start at six so I had the cleaners come early and make sure the house was spotless then Keisha and I went shopping together. It was fun going out with her, trying to think of new and naughty ways of using fresh produce. I was thinking of getting a bouquet for the centerpiece but instead went with Keisha's suggestion of four red roses. After picking up a couple of bottles of Duckhorn's wonderful Cabernet Sauvignon, we went back home to prepare. 

Six o'clock finally arrived and it was only a couple of minutes later when Aimie and her girlfriend arrived. Aimie and I kissed our hellos and then I was introduced to Kim. I could tell that the young woman was a bit shy as I complimented her on how beautiful she looked. Her long, straight jet black hair contrasted nicely with her delicate Asian features. She smiled and thanked me, saying that I was very pretty, too. I turned on my favorite jazz station and went to put the dinner on the table as Keisha gave the two women the five second tour. The squeal of delight from the bathroom when Aimie saw the tub made me giggle to myself as I popped open one of the bottles and poured the wine.

Dinner went very well as I got to hear how Aimie and Kim met. It turns out that they had several classes together and a mutual desire grew when they helped each other through the classes that they were struggling in. They had been a couple for over a year now and Kim was leaving to go to college in England so that she could still be with Aimie. It was so cute seeing the two together as I could tell that they were very much in love. I looked over at Keisha and gave her a wink when Aimie leaned over and kissed Kim on the lips. Keisha smiled and winked back, blowing me a kiss as well. 

When dinner was over, I grabbed the half empty bottle and we retired to the couch. The gathering kept getting a little more festive with each glass that was consumed and it didn't take long for one of us to suggest that we should be in the tub. What surprised me was that it was Kim that suggested it. Well, it took no convincing of Aimie and Keisha to start undressing right there in the living room. Kim stood up from where she'd been sitting on the floor and when Aimie lowered the zipper to her dress, she let it pool around her feet. As I looked at the three women in various stages of undress, I figured what the hell and began to unbutton my blouse, blushing as the three cheered. My eyes followed Keisha as she ran to start filling up the tub and when I turned around, I finally saw Kim in all her naked glory. Her skin was flawless except for an intricate red rose tattoo that started on her right hip and ended with the bloom of the flower right above the hair on her pussy. I looked up and saw that she was looking at me checking her out. I blushed and stammered out an apology. Kim smiled and took my hand in hers.

"It's okay, Pam. You should have seen the look on Aimie's face when she first saw it. Now, every time she wants sex, it's 'hey baby, I need to smell your flower.'" I giggled and then laughed when Aimie swatted her on the butt and kissed her cheek.

"Hey love, don't be giving away my best lines!" Kim and I both groaned at that and we three went to the bathroom. The tub was finally being used for the purpose that I'd intended it to be used for as we climbed in and joined Keisha who'd already started soaking. I activated the jets as we paired up with our respective partners. When we'd finished off the first bottle, I jumped out of the tub to retrieve the other on. On the way past, I dimmed the lights to the point where they were almost off. When I got back, Aimie and Kim were holding each other tight, Kim's hand on Aimie's cheek as the kissed each other deeply. Keisha pulled me close and kissed me hard when I climbed back in the tub. She started rubbing my breasts as my hand went low and began to caress her mons venus. I pulled back from the kiss and glanced over to see that Aimie had started sucking on Kim's nipple. Kim's head was leaning back and she was biting her lower lip, clearly enjoying the sensation. I looked back at Keisha who'd been watching the other two to see an expression of lust on her features. Leaning over, I whispered in her ear to scoot over and feel Aimie up. She looked at me, smiled and, after kissing me again, did just that.

I, in turn, maneuvered closer to Kim. I looked at Aimie and our eyes met. She nodded and gave me a wink of approval before returning to sucking on Kim's teat. I leaned down and began to suck on the other one, feeling it grow hard in my mouth. Kim gasped in surprised when I started but I then felt her hand on the back of my head, pulling me closer. I grazed her neck with my fingertips before I trailed my fingers down her body. She spread her legs, allowing me access to her most intimate area. I stopped sucking and looked up to see Kim's face smiling down at me. Aimie had also stopped her sucking on Kim to let Keisha pull her back into an embrace. Aimie's back was pressed against Keisha's body and had a smile on her face as Keisha was kneading both her tits and kissing and sucking on her neck. I moved up so that I was eye level with Kim, my hand still massaging her pussy. We both smiled as I leaned in and began kissing her, my tongue invading her mouth. She placed her hand on my tit and began to lightly pinch and pull on my nipple. I started rubbing Kim's clit and she moaned into my mouth as my fingering brought her off. Her body shuddered as the climax coursed through her pussy. The only problem was that the swirling water washed away all her juices before I'd had a chance to taste her. 

We broke the kiss and I put my arm around her shoulder, pulling her close to me. We both watched as Keisha, who had started rubbing Aimie's pussy, brought the beautiful Englishwoman to a climax of her own. Aimie cried out in pleasure as her body arched out of the water. Kim and I could see Keisha's two fingers buried deep in Aimie's cunt as another orgasm ripped through her. We both clapped and cheered when she finally collapsed back in the water.

It was getting a little too hot in the tub so, at my suggestion, we all got out and, after drying off, went to the bedroom. Again, I dimmed the lights to a soft, ethereal glow. I gently backed Keisha to the bed and lowered her down by her shoulders. I heard Aimie whispering into Kim's ear and then watched as the petite Asian climbed onto the bed between Keisha's splayed open legs and began to lick and tickle the pussy that was laid before her. 

I went over to my special drawer and was joined by Aimie, who let out a gasp at the sight of the toys so lovingly arranged inside. She ran her fingers down the length of the double headed dildo and then grasped it, withdrawing it from the drawer like Author and Excalibur. Aimie kissed me before walking over and standing behind her lover's body. Kim was still feasting on Keisha with her ass stuck in the air. As I watched, Aimie moistened her index and middle fingers in her mouth before reaching down and probing Kim's pussy. She then leaned down and started licking her lover's ass all over as she shoved the two fingers into Kim's pussy hole and began to piston her fingers in and out. I walked over to Keisha and ran my hand lightly over her breasts. Looking down, I saw that she had the most beatific smile on her face. She opened her eyes to see me watching her and reached out her hands, pulling me into an embrace. We shared a deep kiss as I felt her body start to tremble due to Kim's oral ministrations that were brining her closer to climax. She pulled me in tight and screamed into my mouth as she finally sprayed her juices all over Kim's face. Another orgasm coursed through her as hers and my tongue wrestled. 

Finally, we broke our embrace. I pulled back, smiling at the contented look on Keisha's face. Looking towards the foot of the bed, I saw that Aimie had started forcing the monster dildo into Kim's pussy. Kim, her face glistening in the dim light with Keisha's cum, was locked in an expression of uninhibited lust with her eyes tightly shut and her mouth opened into an "O". I was so worked up at this point, I knew I had to get release. Climbing on the bed, I settled my pussy over Keisha's face and knelt down, facing the two women so I could watch. Keisha gripped my thighs as her tongue started licking me clean of all the juices that had leaked out of me. I gasped at the sensation and started to squeeze my tits, pulling on my nipples. Aimie had started to pump the dildo in and out of Kim, pushing further each time. She had this look of enjoyment on her face as Kim cried out with each thrust. I was actually amazed at the fact that such a thick plastic prick would fit inside her but she didn't ask Aimie to stop and, in fact, began rocking her body back and forth in time with Aimie's thrusts. I closed my eyes as I felt an orgasm begin and squeezed my thighs tighter on Keisha's head. Her tongue never stopped licking me and when she clamped her lips on my clit and bit down, I screamed out her name and flooded her face. My pussy clenched down as another wave crested over me. I opened my eyes a little when I heard Kim cry out with an orgasm of her own. Aimie was practically slamming the dildo into her pussy at that point but stopped and just left it in as her lover coated the plastic cock with her juices. Kim collapsed forward, her head landing on Keisha's stomach just as I rolled off of Keisha's face and flopped down on the bed.

Aimie climbed onto the bed next to me so that I was sandwiched between the three women. She stated caressing my chest and stomach as I laid there, trying to catch my breath. I felt Keisha's hand on my thigh as she began to stroke my leg with her featherlike touches. We all laid there for several minutes before the wine caught up to me and I had to climb over Aimie and run to the bathroom. 

When I came back, Kim and Keisha were laying on either side of Aimie, rubbing their hands all over the woman. Her body was reacting purely on instinct. Moans were emanating from her throat and she was trembling from the sensations of the featherlike touches. I decided to forgo the large dildo that was lying on the bed and instead went to my drawer and retrieved the strap on, buckling the harness to my waist. Climbing on the bed at Aimie's feet, I started rubbing her legs, gently pushing them apart so that I could lean down and feast on her pussy. She was already moist so I just cleaned her off with little swipes of my tongue. I glanced up to see Kim and her in a passionate kiss and Keisha sucking on her right nipple while tweaking the other with her fingers. I could have stayed between Aimie's legs, eating her out for hours but I wanted to fuck her. Rising to my knees, I positioned the dildo at the entrance to her pussy and began to thrust my hips. Gripping her by the waist, I picked up speed. With each thrust, the full seven inches disappeared into her. Kim and Keisha moved out of the way so that I could lay on top of Aimie in the classic missionary. Looking into her eyes, I leaned down and kissed her hard. She wrapped her arms and legs around me, pulling me close as my hips continued to bounce up and down. The really nice thing about working your cardio is that you build up stamina. I never slowed down my movement, fucking the poor girl relentlessly. I pulled back from the kiss to watch her face. Aimie was biting her lip, her nostrils flaring as she threw her head back and let out a primal scream. I shoved my hips down, burying the strap on as deep as it would go into her as I felt her juices run down my legs.

After staying like that for about half a minute, I raised up and pulled out of Aimie's vagina. The dildo was coated with her cream. I was sitting with my legs spread out in front of me, leaning back on my hands when Kim crawled between my legs and began to clean off the strap on with her lips and tongue. We three just watched her giving head to the fake penis attached to my waist. I was definitely an erotic site with her tits hanging down and her ass sticking up in the air. When she was finished, I got up and unbuckled the harness, asking who wanted to be next. Keisha walked up to me and gave me a deep kiss as she took the dildo from my hand. She whispered "I'm gonna fuck you now Pam." into my ear which caused me to shudder in anticipation. After buckling the plastic prick to her waist, Keisha backed me up and basically guided me down onto the bed. She was a little aggressive about it with a hungry, predatory look in her eyes. She ordered Aimie to get me ready to which the pretty Brit got between my legs and started eating me out. Next, I heard Keisha tell Kim to start on my tits. Keisha knew how much I loved having my tits sucked on and played with and that, along with Aimie's masterful tongue work, was quickly getting me to the point of no return. I started breathing heavily and let out a long moan as the orgasm began to build. That's when Aimie stopped feasting on my pussy. My body reacted instinctively and my hips bucked, trying to find her mouth again. She instead joined Kim and started sucking on my other breast. Two mouths on my sensitive nipples was almost two much to bear in my heated state. I could feel the orgasm, which had not crested due to Aimie stop giving me oral pleasure, start building again just from these two women sucking and nibbling on my tits. That's when I felt Keisha grab my thighs, spreading my legs apart, and the tip of the dildo pressing against my pussy hole. Even in my haze, a thought occurred to me that this would be the first time in my life that I would be fucked. The closest I'd come before is when Lisa pounded my pussy with her dildo but that was using her hand, not a strap on. I opened my eyes to look up at Keisha's face. She had the same hungry look to her, her eyes glazed over in lust and biting her lower lip. 

Then, with one thrust, Keisha buried her cock into me, taking my breath away. My back arched and I let out a gasp as the stimulation almost was too much. Aimie and Kim pulled back off of me when Keisha laid down on top of me and began pumping her hips. My legs were spread wide in an effort to have her penetrate me as deeply as possible. She grabbed my arms, pinning them down onto the bed. I felt her body press into mine, mashing out tits together as she leaned down and kissed me hard. I felt powerless to stop her at that moment. My pussy clenched as she continued her thrusting and the orgasm started cresting finally. Keisha was thrusting hard and I was squealing with every slam. She broke the kiss and whispered "Cum for me baby." softly in my ear. My whole body tensed as I let out a scream. Cum flooded out of me as my stomach tightened and my legs shook with the force of the orgasm. Keisha had stopped for a second as my orgasm hit but then started fucking again causing another wave to flow through me. 

At last, Keisha stopped her relentless fucking and leaned back, pulling the dildo out of me. I laid there, my body quivering, my eyes closed, as I came down off the orgasmic high that I'd just experienced. I realized that someone was licking me clean but didn't even open my eyes to see who it was, just enjoying the sensation. Her tongue touched my oversensitive clit and my body spasmed. The next sensation was a pair of lips kissing me tenderly and automatically, my arms raised and I embraced Keisha, pulling her tight against me. She broke the kiss and touched her lips to my eyelids while her fingers gently grazed my cheek and neck. Not a word came from any of us for a while. I think that the sexual electricity that had been building all night finally culminated with Keisha fucking the shit out of me and, when we finished, a sense of calm enveloped us all.

But, inevitably, the march of time caught up with us and Kim and Aimie had to go. I was honestly a little sad at their leaving but I knew it was really hard on Keisha who, over the course of several semesters together, had formed a real bond with the two women. I hugged her tight as she cried into my shoulder at the loss of her friends and gently guided her to the bedroom where we laid down, our naked bodies pressed together, and fell into a deep and very well deserved slumber.
