 Letting go of her hand, I opened the ring box, showing Keisha and the assembled crowed the symbol of my love for her. There was dead silence as the crowd and I awaited her answer. Keisha covered her mouth with her hand. I saw the tears that were forming in her eyes glistening in the lights of the club. My heart stopped for a moment. Then, she nodded. "Yes, Pam!" she whispered. "Yes." She smiled her biggest smile as I removed the ring from its box, took her hand in mine again and slipped it on her finger. The crowd erupted in cheers as I stood up, pulled her into my arms and kissed her hard and passionately. Keisha wrapped her arms around my neck as I hugged her tightly against me. Time seemed to stop as the world fell away. I couldn't hear anything but the beating of my heart as my lover and I stood in the throng of people cheering and clapping our new engagement. 

Finally, we broke our kiss and pulled back, each still holding on to the other. The DJ started the music again and the party seemed to explode as the good vibes of what had just occurred coursed through the club goers. It seemed like everyone was coming up to us, hugging and congratulating Keisha and myself on our engagement. One woman showed me the video that she'd taken and forwarded it to me so that I could have the occasion for all time. The drinks were flowing pretty freely at that moment but I restrained myself, being the driver and all. That didn't stop Keisha, though. After her third Mai Tai, she practically dragged me onto the dance floor. We danced a couple of songs before I sat down at the table for a break while Keisha stayed out on the floor, dancing with a couple of girls that had been sitting with Lani. She glanced my way, silently asking if I was fine with her doing what she was doing. I smiled and gave her a wink, then sat back and enjoyed the erotic show that she put on for me. Keisha's body was gyrating in time to the music as both women touched and caressed her. I squirmed in my seat a little as the performance that she was giving along with all that had happened tonight combined to turn my libido up as high as it would go. That's when I noticed Lani walking my way, a big smile on my face. I stood up and touched cheeks with her before sitting back down and sipping on my drink.

"I guess I should say congratulations on your upcoming nuptials." She said as she sat down in Keisha's empty chair. I smiled sheepishly, knowing what she meant.

"Yeah, thanks. Um, honestly, we weren't trying to fool everybody." I replied. "It was said in the spur of the moment."

"You're cool." Lani said, sipping on her own drink. "It all worked out anyways. Hey, my friends and I are having a luau Saturday night. Wanna come?" 

"Wow! Thanks. Sure, we'd love to. Do we need to bring anything?" Lani giggled at my question.

"Yep, we demand that you bring yourselves and have a great time. Don't worry about a thing. You're our guests." I smiled at that, tipping my glass at her in a show of gratitude.

"Um...what should we wear?" 

"Well, I couldn't help but notice you two on the beach this afternoon. The bikinis you had on would be just fine. I don't want to freak you out too much so I'll just say two things. One, it's going to be on a private beach and two, there will be only us girls there." Lani glanced back out on the dance floor where her two friends were rubbing their bodies all over Keisha. I could tell that Keisha's eyes were glazed over with lust and she was running her hands down each of their backs. I looked back over at Lani and gave a huge smile as she tipped her drink back at me, giving me a wink along with it. "You want to join us over at our table?" she asked me as we both turned to watch the show. 

"Sure." I said, standing up. Picking up Keisha's drink for her, I followed Lani to where the rest of the group was seated, my eyes glued to the backside swaying to the beat of the music that was walking in front of me. She introduced me to the other three women sitting at the table They whooped and cheered as I sat down, bombarding me with drunken congratulations. I laughed as the one named Dee wrapped her arm around my shoulder, pulled me close and gave me a huge kiss on the cheek. When Lani stated to them that I'd agreed to come to the luau, I got another kiss from Dee as the other two cheered at then news.

When the song ended, everyone in the club clapped in appreciation of the performance that Keisha and the other two women had given them. All three walked over to the table with their arms around each others shoulders with Keisha sandwiched in the middle. I raised from my seat, allowing Keisha to sit down and scoot over before I sat back down. She was a little out of breath as she picked up her drink and took a long sip. Her nipples were tenting the fabric of her dress and little beads of sweat clinging to her breasts sparkled in the lights of the club. I laughed silently to myself at the other ladies who were trying to not obviously stare at my fiancé's magnificent tits and failing miserably at it. 

When Keisha was told about Saturday, she let out a loud "Oh yeah!" and threw her hands up, swaying her body to the music playing which, in turn, caused her barely restrained tits to jiggle. I caught Lani surreptitiously licking her lips at the sight and smiled, catching her eye. She blushed a little and looked back at her drink. I placed my hand on her shoulder and leaned in, getting close to her ear.

"No need to blush, dear. Maybe Saturday, you'll get to see a little more." I whispered. Pulling back, I gave Lani a wink. Her face broke out in a grin and she raised her glass in a toast.

"To Pam and Keisha!" Lani said. The other women raised their glasses and repeated the words. Keisha and I smiled at that in gratitude and I gave her a kiss on the lips. The other ladies seated at the table cheered again as we broke the kiss, staring into each others eyes. The eight of us ended up closing the place, drinking and dancing, before being ushered out. I had hardly drank at all, switching over to Coke after a couple of Mai Tai's. Keisha, on the other hand, had consumed several more than me. After helping her to the car, we drove back to the hotel were I basically had to carry her to the elevator and to the room. She none to gracefully flopped down onto the bed, a silly, drunken grin on her face. I began to gently undress her, removing her shoes, skirt and blouse before undoing her bra. She let out a loud moan as I freed her tits from their confines before promptly passing out on top of the blanket. I stayed up for a little while longer, sitting out on the balcony, watching the stars and listening to the wave crash against the sand in the distance, reflecting on how my life had changed so much in such a short period of time. 

I recalled what Miss Whitten had said when she and I discussed Keisha's and my relationship. How I was well on my way to burn out, pushing myself so hard that I was literally headed down a very dark path with no end in sight. As I looked out over the star filled sky, my mind wandered back to when I first opened the door to my office and saw the vision of pure loveliness that was now laying on the bed behind me. The crashing of the surf brought to mind the feelings that came flooding back in as I began to fall in love with Keisha. Now everyday at work seemed to be a way to want to learn how to feel again, not run away from it. I looked at my watch. It was 2:45 here in Hawaii. Back in Boston, I would be finishing up my gym routine. That world seemed so far away right now. A sense of calm came over me as tonight's events played out in my mind. I'd asked a woman, someone that I loved with all my heart and soul, to spend the rest of her life with me. And she said yes.

I sighed in contentment at that wonderful thought, then pushed myself out of the chair, shut the screen door so that the cool night air would fill the room, undressed down to my panties, turned out the light and crawled into bed. I didn't even pull down the covers, just snuggling up next to my love and holding her gently to me. I soon drifted off to sleep, the sounds of the waves crashing against the sand the only noise in the room.

I woke up, however, to the sounds of moans of pain. Keisha was laying next to me, holding her head in her hands. She let out another long groan as she tried sitting up. Failing at that, I could hear her starting to take deep breaths. That got my attention. Glancing at the bedside clock, I could see that I got about seven hours of sleep. I hopped out of bed before I walked over to where Keisha was laying and did my best to help her to the bathroom. She sat down on the toilet to relieve herself as I started the shower. "Please tell me that I didn't make a fool of myself last night? She said, her voice strained with pain.

"Well, I checked the video I posted on YouTube of you topless dancing with two other women and it already has five thousand hits." I replied, facing away from her. A loud expletive caused me to giggle as I turned around. "Just kidding. You were fine." Keisha gave me a sour look as I helped her off the toilet and into the shower. I tenderly washed her body, trying my best to not disturb her too much as I ran my soapy hands all over her. Even with her hangover though, Keisha reacted to my touches, spreading her legs wide and letting out a little moan as I knelt behind her, caressing first her right leg and then her left before I started on her most intimate areas. She let out a gasp when my fingers grazed her pussy, then a moan as I spread her outer lips wide and made sure to clean every inch. I was actually trying to behave myself but I then spread her ass cheeks wide. Her little, puckered hole looked so inviting that I couldn't help but bury my face in the cleft of her ass. I started to lick her clean, my tongue teasing her butt hole with little swipes. Keisha reached down and pulled her ass further apart for me, leaving my hands free. Continuing to lick her ass, I started probing her pussy again, pushing two of my fingers deep in her hole, tickling her inner wall. I heard her gasp over the pounding of the shower as I pistoned my fingers in and out, my nails scraping against her g spot. I pressed my tongue against her sphincter, entering her ass as I felt her pussy clamp down. Keisha threw her head back and let out a scream, cumming hard all over my hand. 

I relented after that, pulling my fingers from her hole and standing up. She turned around, grabbed my head and kissed me deep. I could still taste the alcohol on her breath as our tongues entwined. Pulling back, Keisha smiled then winced as she brought her hand to her head. "Thanks. I needed that." she said as I began to quickly wash up.

"Best cure for a hangover there is." I said, laughingly. Rinsing off, I turned off the water before stepping out of the shower. Grabbing a towel, I patted dry my love before helping her to the bed. Keisha flopped down and I returned to the bathroom, finishing up my morning routine. I returned to the bedroom to find her still laying there. She was looking at the ring on her finger, studying it intently, a huge smile on her face. Leaning against the wall, I watched her as she brought the ring to her lips and gave it a kiss. Laying down next to her, I rested my hand on her stomach and kissed her cheek. "Well, I guess I got my answer." I said, grazing her neck with my fingertips." Keisha let out a little giggle.

"Yeah, I am so glad you asked." A look of apprehension passed over her face. 

"But...?" I asked, even though I knew the answer.

"I just hope my family can accept it." Then, the apprehension changed to a look of determination. "Fuck it. This makes me happy. If they can't accept that, that's on them, not me and sure as fuck not on you." I chuckled quietly at her expression. God, I love this woman, I thought to myself.

"Oh baby, I love it when you talk dirty. How's your head?"

"Ugh. I haven't ever drank that much." Keisha replied, as she rubbed her eyes. "So, what do you want to do today?"

"Well, I think that we need to first see about getting some food in you. Then, I was thinking about parasailing..."

"Ha ha."

"...But how about we just drive around the island. I'm sure there's something to do here." Keisha agreed with the plan and, after giving her a quick peck on the lips, I helped her up. We got dressed in tee shirts and shorts and headed out, looking for something light to eat. 

Well, the little trip to look for something to do turned into a glorious day of shopping and sight seeing. We spent the day touring the different areas on the island with the most gorgeous views, buying a couple of matching pink hibiscuses from a little shop on a beach that we wore in our hair, buying sarongs to wear for the luau tomorrow. 

After many hours in Honolulu and the surrounding countryside, we started making our way back to the hotel. Keisha suggested that we walk out on the beach to watch the sunset and I thought that was a perfect idea. Stopping by a liquor store, I ran in to pick up a bottle of red and two glasses. Arriving back at the hotel, I stopped by the front desk to ask if it was alright to take the deck chairs out to the beach where I was assured that it was. We ran up to the room, changed out of our clothes and donned our bikinis, making sure to try out our new sarongs in the process. I snapped a couple of pictures of Keisha out on the balcony and she returned the favor, getting me to pose most seductively. I laughed when I looked at the pictures of myself but Keisha gasped at my reaction and promptly made the sexiest picture of me her new wallpaper. I giggled again at that and stashed the bottle of wine in my beach bag, doing the same to the glasses after I carefully wrapped them in towels. We took the chairs and headed downstairs. On the way out, we passed a hotel employee. Impulsively, I asked if she could take our picture in front of the large fountain that dominated the lobby. She readily agreed and took several wonderful pictures of us, including one where we were kissing with my hands on Keisha's waist and her arms wrapped around my neck. After retrieving my phone, we made our way out to the beach.

It was late in the day but still, it took a bit of walking to find the perfect secluded area. It seemed that we weren't the only ones with this wonderful idea. Several couples were also walking along the beach so we decided to go in the opposite direction. After about a half an hour's time, Keisha found what she considered "the best spot on the beach." I was just happy to stop walking but I actually had to agree with her. The view was magnificent and there wasn't anyone in sight. Just in time, too as the sun was on it's way down below the horizon. We set up the chairs, laid out a towel and I poured the wine. Handing Keisha her glass, she and I held hands as the sky lit up with a gorgeous red glow. We sat in silence for a long while, well after the sun had dipped below and the sky had gone from rose colored to a bluish black. 

All of the sudden, Keisha got up off of her chair and walked to the water's edge. The waves washed over her feet as she stretched her arms to the heavens. In my mind, her silhouette against the darkening sky was the most beautiful thing I'd seen all day. Then Keisha surprised me by removing her top and sarong and tossing them behind her onto the sand. I looked around but still couldn't see a soul. So, I decided to join her. Getting up, I undid my own top and sarong and walked down to where she was standing. Pressing my breasts against her back, I reached around her and pulled her tightly against my body. Leaning in, I nibbled on her ear before I moved my head down and kissed her on her neck. Keisha let out a gasp as I gently bit down on her skin. My hands moved up to her tits and I began to knead them, brushing my fingers against her nipples, feeling them harden under my fingers. I guess Keisha couldn't stand anymore of my teasing because she suddenly turned to face me and kissed me hard on my mouth. Our tongues entwined as our breasts rubbed together. 

Keisha caressed my back before cupping my ass cheeks and giving them a squeeze. I moaned into her mouth as I held her against me. Then I felt her undoing the straps to my bottoms. My eyes flew open but my lips never left hers as she tossed the last vestige of my clothing back onto the beach. We broke the kiss and I stared into her eyes as I felt her hand reach between my legs and cup my pussy. She pushed her middle finger into the folds of my cunt, brushing against my clit. I let out a little, mewling whimper as I felt her guide my body down onto the sand. The water flowed against my legs as Keisha crawled between them, spreading them apart. I gazed towards the starlit sky as my lover used her fingers to pry open my outer lips and began to feast on the juices that had leaked out of me. Pushing two of her fingers deep inside of my pussy hole, Keisha sucked my clit between her lips and whipped her tongue across the sensitive nubbin of flesh. My hips bucked against her as I closed my eyes and let out a long, soft moan. I dug my fingers into the sand, my orgasm quickly approaching as Keisha tickled my inner wall with her finger tips. Finally, I couldn't stand it anymore and screamed out her name as I flooded her face with my fluids. My muscles locked in rigor mortis as my body trembled from the force of my orgasm. I felt the water splash against my skin as my legs gave out. Keisha removed her fingers from me and licked me clean. Every time her tongue brushed against my sensitive clit, my body twitched in response. 

I just laid there on the beach, coming down from the orgasmic high when I felt my love's lips pressing against mine. We shared a deep kiss before she pushed the fingers that had been buried in my pussy past my lips. I cleaned my juices off of Keisha's fingers, loving the taste of myself but wanting more. Keisha must have read my mind because she stood up and undid the strings on her bottoms before kneeling down. My head was trapped between her muscular thighs. I felt the waves wash against my body as I grabbed a hold of her ass and began to lick and suck on her cunt. I could taste the saltiness of the ocean mixed with the flavor of her juices as I pressed my tongue against her clit and gave her one long swipe. Keisha must have been really worked up because in no time at all, I felt her legs tightening around my head before she shot her cum into my open mouth. I still wanted more though and didn't let her get up as I continued to lick and suck her beautiful pussy causing her to flood my face with her juices again.

Finally, I relented as she just fell off of my body and sprawled out on the beach. We both lay there on the water's edge, panting for what felt like an eternity before I started to rise. I knelt in the cool waters and washed my face and pussy clean of all the sticky cum. Keisha joined me, kneeling in the water as well and cleaning herself off. We both picked up our discarded clothes and put on our bottoms, leaving our tops off as we sat back down in the chairs and finished the bottle of wine as we held hands. 

It was so difficult to leave this area. I seriously suggested that we just fall asleep right here. But, the coming night also brought biting insects so Keisha and I reluctantly got dressed, gathered our belongings and walked hand in hand back to the hotel. We passed the same employee that took our pictures earlier and I stopped to thank her again.

"Oh, no problem. It was definitely my pleasure." she said, favoring both of us with a smile. "Did you enjoy the sunset?"

"Oh, it was magnificent!" I exclaimed as Keisha let out a little giggle. The employee's eyes grew big as she realized what I met before giggling herself.

"Well, it's said that the sunsets in Hawaii are truly inspiring." I nodded in agreement, returned her smile and Keisha and I made our way back to the room.