 Keisha and I spent the next day hanging out with Lani and Dee. We hopped in the rental car and the two native Hawaiians led us to all of the most beautiful sights, including those well off the beaten path. Dee even took us to a little known cave right by the waterfront where we had lunch of leftovers from yesterday's luau.

The cave itself was amazing. Light filtered from several holes in the ground overhead, illuminating the crystal blue waters of a pond located in the back. After we'd eaten and finished off a bottle of wine, everyone thought it would be a great time for a swim. Stripping off my clothes, I gingerly stepped into the cool water, my nipples instantly hardening from the temperature as well as the three gorgeous naked women who entered next. 

Keisha swam up to me and wrapped her arms around me, pressing her body against mine and giving me a long, sensuous kiss. After she pulled back, I opened my eyes just in time to see Lani and Dee sharing a kiss of their own. I smiled as Keisha turned around in my arms, her luscious ass fitting perfectly against my pelvis.

Lani then told us of a legend about the cave. She said that this was locally known as the Cave of Lovers. It seems that there were two women, a commoner of one tribe and a princess of another, who would meet at this cave since it was forbidden for them to be together. When the leader of one of the tribes learned of the romance, he punished his tribesman by sentencing her to death. When the princess learned of this, she flung herself into the ocean. But the bond the two shared was too strong and their spirits inhabited the cave, their love just as strong as when they were alive. Lani finished her story by saying that those who were truly in love with each other would be blessed by the spirits if they proclaimed their love in the cave.

Upon hearing that last part, I leaned down, my mouth almost touching Keisha's ear and whispered "I love you Keisha Renee Stuart." 

Keisha turned to face me. Looking me straight in the eyes, she smiled brightly. "And I love you Pamela Anne Smith. I cannot wait to change my name to Smith. You are my soul mate. You are my love." 

I felt tears running down my cheeks as we kissed again. This time, the kiss became a little more aggressive. The passion was rising inside of me as I held Keisha tightly against my body. She wrapped her arms around my neck, running her fingers through my hair as our tongues wrestled for dominance. I could smell her faded perfume from the night before lingering on her skin as I breathed in deep through my nose. 

We kissed for what felt like an eternity but eventually I pulled back. Keisha and I shared a smile while gazing into each other's eyes before I touched my lips to each of her eyelids. The four of us then spent the better part of an hour just swimming in the pool, laughing and enjoying each other's company. 

When we were finished at the cave, the girls and I spent the rest of the day exploring the island before I drove us back to Lani's house where we had a nice dinner of pizza and wine. 

"God, I can't believe that tomorrow is our last day," Keisha said with a sigh. We were sitting on the floor naked, as our bathing suits were in the dryer after being washed. My back was against the couch while Keisha was sitting between my knees, her back pressed against my breasts.

"Yeah, I know," I replied. "I want to thank both of you for an amazing time."

Lani smiled and took another sip of wine. She was lying on the floor as Dee sat cross legged next to her, running her fingers up and down Lani's spine. "Not a problem. Give us another week and you two would never leave." All of us laughed at that.

"So, have you ladies discussed a date yet?" Dee asked as she began to rub Lani's ass.

Keisha tilted her head back to look at me. "Actually, no, we haven't had the time to."

I leaned down and kissed her on the lips causing her to smile when I pulled back. "Hmmmmm...How about one year from today?" I asked her. "That way, you'd be finished school." 

"Ugh," Keisha replied. My eyebrows rose in surprise. "You mean I have to wait an entire year in order to be married to the woman I love?" 

"Patience is a virtue, my beloved." I said, hugging her tightly against my body. Keisha replied by sighing again and sticking her tongue out at me. I kissed her tongue. Lani and Dee giggled.

"Fine. One year from today, you and I had better be walking down the isle, both dressed in beautiful white gowns."

"Okay, deal. Now, where should we honeymoon?"

"HERE!" the three women shouted loudly at the same time.

Keisha and I spent the night at Lani's house again as I was a little too tipsy to drive back to the hotel. We both hugged and kissed Dee before we left since this would be the last we would see her for a long while as well as promising to friend her on Facebook. Keisha flopped down onto the bed as soon as we made it back to our room at the hotel. She just laid there, gazing at the ring on her finger as I undid the knot on her sarong, removing it along with her bikini bottom. Reaching under her, I unlaced her top, freeing her breasts then stripped down myself before laying down next to her. Keisha moved her body so that I was holding her against me.

We both laid there in silence for a long time before Keisha started to run her hand over my body. Starting at my throat, she lightly touched me, feeling my heartbeat with her fingers before moving her hand down. She cupped each of my breasts, bringing each nipple to turgid hardness, then lightly rubbed my stomach. I began to breath a little heavier with each passing second, my body reacting instinctively as I arched my back. 

"Keisha..." I began before she shushed me.

"Quiet, my love." Keisha said, touching my lips with her finger. She removed her finger, cupping my pussy and kissing me. I opened my mouth, inviting her tongue inside as she began to explore the folds of my vagina. She kept on kissing me as she removed her hand and climbed on top of me. Our tits mashed against each other as I wrapped my arms around Keisha's body. 

The kiss became more aggressive as our passions rose. Tears fell from my eyes as all the love I felt for Keisha whelmed inside of me. My heart was pounding in my chest as Keisha spread my legs wide with hers. She pressed her hairless mound against mine and our juices mingled as she began to rub my pussy with hers. Breaking the kiss, Keisha rose up onto her knees. For a moment our eyes met and again, my emotions threatened to break through. Still looking deep into my eyes, Keisha placed her index finger into her mouth. It glistened in the sunlit room as she slowly, sensuously withdrew it before reaching down between my legs. I could feel every inch of her digit enter me and let out a long, low moan. 

Then Keisha began to finger fuck me. Slowly at first, then picking up speed before adding her middle finger as well. Her manicured nails scraped against the sensitive lining of my inner wall. I laid there, writhing on the bed as the pleasure built up inside me. Just before I orgasmed though, Keisha stopped and removed her fingers. I gasped, my body raising off the bed, trying to recapture her hand. Instead, Keisha maneuvered herself so that she straddled my head, her vagina pressed against my mouth. I attacked her pussy like a woman starved as I felt her lean down and begin to collect all of my juices with her tongue.

We ate each other out, each racing to give the other the pleasure of release first. She won since I was already worked up. I screamed into her pussy as I convulsed in orgasmic bliss. She kept on licking me as I sucked her clit into my mouth. Clamping my lips down, I whipped my tongue back and forth and was rewarded for my efforts as she let out a long, muffled moan and coated my face with her cream. 

Keisha and I licked and sucked each other clean before she rolled off of me, enough strength left in her to turn around before collapsing back onto the bed in my arms. I held her against me, feeling the pounding beat of her heart against my chest. 

It was later when we woke up, each having drifted off to sleep. My stomach was growling as I glanced at the clock, telling me it was noon. Gently disentangling myself from her arms, I padded to the bathroom to relieve myself before hopping into the shower. The hot water reinvigorated me and as I was soaping my body, I heard Keisha enter the bathroom. A minute later, she entered the shower and took over the job of washing me, including my hair. As the water rinsed the soap from my body, I returned the favor, soaping her down completely. 

Stepping out of the shower to let Keisha finish, I quickly dried off and finished my daily preparations before heading back into the room to get dressed. I was slipping on my sandals as Keisha emerged from the bathroom, looking refreshed. We kissed as she passed me on her way to her clothes to get dressed.

"So what do you want to do today?" I asked her as she donned a fresh pair of panties.

"Hell, I have no idea," Keisha replied laughingly. "Let's grab a bite to eat and just hang out at the big beach."

"Sounds like a plan," I said. We grabbed our purses, stuffing our bikinis in them just in case, and headed out. 

The rest of the day was spent walking the touristy section of Hawaii, shopping for all the little chotskies and souvenirs to give to our families upon our return. I silently laughed as a couple of guys walked up to us and asked if we would like to party. If they only knew, I thought to myself. We politely declined before we headed back to the hotel to enjoy a final dinner at the restaurant. Lani was there but wasn't our waitress. Even still, she walked over as we were leaving and gave us each a big hug. There were tears in her eyes as we said our goodbyes to her, promising to return next year. 

The sun was starting to set as Keisha and I changed into our bikinis. Grabbing the chairs from the balcony and a bottle of wine, we walked down the beach to what I considered our spot, sitting there in silence, holding hands and watching the sun paint the sky reddish orange, then light blue and finally dark blue as it dipped below the horizon. The warm, salty breeze and rhythmic ebb and flow of the surf washed all of the cares from my being. One last time, Keisha and I walked together to the edge of the water, letting the waves cover our feet. 

We stood there, holding hands, eyes closed, in silence for a long while before making our way back to the hotel room. I opened the balcony door to let the air in and then settled in bed with Keisha to sleep the last night in paradise away.

Packing up didn't hold the same pleasure as unpacking but, in a way, I was anxious to return home. I jokingly asked Keisha if she needed reassurance before getting on a plane like she did when we'd left Boston. She responded by throwing her panties at me. I picked them up off of the floor, sexily swaying my hips, grabbed Keisha by the shoulders and lowered her onto the bed. Lifting and spreading her legs open, I planted feather light kisses on her inner thighs and outer lips. Finally, I couldn't take it any longer. Spreading her pussy open, I gazed at the delicate pink flesh. Her clit was starting to peek from its hood so I teased her a bit by poking it with the tip of my tongue before diving in and feasting on her cunt.

Keisha clamped her legs shut, trapping my head between her thighs. I smiled inwardly as her body began to produce all the yummy juices that my eager tongue could lap up. Soon, Keisha gripped my hair, threw her legs wide and flooded my face with her orgasmic fluids. Her whole body trembled as I licked her clean. 

I stood up, wiping my face clean with Keisha's panties before helping her up off the bed and into my arms. We shared a deep kiss and then Keisha finished getting dressed as I checked over the room. "Does this mean that I will have to eat you out before every time we fly somewhere?" I asked her as I zipped up my suitcase.

"It definitely helps. Hell, that's one tradition that I will support." We both laughed as we gathered our belongings and headed to the elevator. We toured the lobby one last time, getting our picture taken at the fountain again, then checked out of the hotel and drove to the airport. 

We arrived at our terminal a little early so there was plenty of time before boarding for Keisha and I to stop by a bar and have a cocktail. I chuckled as my future wife showed everybody who would look her engagement ring. I laughed even harder at the shocked looks on some of the people's faces when they found out that I was the one who'd given it to her. There was one women who stuck with her, excitedly listening to the stories that Keisha was telling. 

The woman was cute, probably in her thirties, dressed in business attire. She had short blonde hair and her makeup was tastefully done. I made some small talk with her, enough to learn her name was Jillian, but mostly let Keisha handle the conversation part. It turned out that Jillian was scouting locations for some movie being shot in Hawaii and was headed back to Los Angeles on the same flight that we were. I could tell that Jillian was definitely checking out my lady so I returned the favor. She had a slim body, athletic but not overdone. Her breasts were on the small side and she had really nice pantyhose encased legs sticking out of the navy blue skirt that she was wearing. And she had no ring on her finger.

Soon, it was time to board. Keisha and I walked hand in hand down the gangway and took our seats. I gazed out the window, trying to get one last glimpse of paradise before we left. Jillian was seated a couple of rows ahead of us and every time she squirmed in her seat, her skirt would rise up a little, showing more of her silk encased legs. Keisha was trying so hard not to stare. Glancing at her face, I could tell she was more than a little turned on by the show that Jillian was giving us. Taking hold of her hand, I began to gently rub Keisha's fingers with my thumb. She turned her head and smiled that dazzling smile of hers. 

Soon, the plane left the runway and after asking the stewardess for a pillow, I decided to take a nap. During my sleep, Jillian had switched seats so that she and Keisha could continue their conversation. It wasn't a deep sleep anyway and I kept waking up to glance at Jillian shamelessly flirting with my fiancé. 

Finally, after about two hours or so, I awoke to see that Jillian was still sitting next to us reading a magazine and Keisha had gotten a pillow of her own as well as a blanket and was sleeping now. She had decided to wear a black skirt and a pair of thong panties on the flight for which right then I was very happy in her choice of clothing. I slipped my hand underneath the blanket, my fingers grazing her skin right above her left knee. Rolling over onto my side, I switched hands and began to lightly caress Keisha's leg, each time pushing her skirt up a little higher. First class was practically empty with only us three sitting near the back and a couple of business men seated in the first row. 

My movement had caught Jillian's attention like I knew it would and she glanced over our way. I looked her in the eye, smiled a cheeky grin and gave her a wink as my fingers slowly inched ever closer to their destination. Jillian tried to look like she wasn't watching for a minute or two but then gave up all pretense just as my finger grazed the outer lips of Keisha's pussy. I slipped my hand underneath the thin fabric of her panties, rubbing my fingers through her wetness. Keisha let out a little mewling moan and bit her lip as I began to play with her vagina, pressing my finger into her hole and lightly flicking her clit with my nail. Jillian was watching us intently, her face flush and her breathing heavy as again Keisha quietly moaned.

"Oh God Pammy, don't stop," Keisha whispered.

I leaned over, whispering in her ear. "Can you cum quietly, baby girl?" Keisha nodded so I pushed my finger further into her, tickling the springy flesh of her inner wall. 

Just then, the stewardess entered the cabin, pushing her tray of drinks and snacks. Keisha feigned sleep as the stewardess stopped right in front of us. She faced me and quietly asked if I would like something to drink. I nodded and asked for a Coke. I almost laughed out loud at the shocked look on her face when I removed my hand from underneath the blanket and accepted the glass from her, my fingers coated with Keisha's sticky fluids. The stewardess then smiled, her tongue snaking out and licking her lips, winked at me and then turned to ask Jillian for her order. I had a nice view of the stewardess's ass as I took a sip of Coke. When she stood up and glanced back at me, I held her gaze and slowly and deliberately placed my hand back under Keisha's blanket. She closed her eyes and a small shudder ran through her body before pushing her cart up to where the gentlemen were sitting.

I caught Jillian's eye as my fingers went back to exploring my love's pussy. Keisha was soaking wet by this point and I knew if I continued, it wouldn't take much to push her over the edge. Grazing her clit with my fingernail caused her to let out a little gasp. She was sucking in air through her parted lips as I then plunged my finger as deep as I could into her pussy hole.

Jillian squirmed in her seat, this time adjusting her ass so that most of her thighs were exposed. I could see her little nipples pressing against her blouse as she rubbed one hand across her chest and the other dipped beneath her bunched up skirt. At that moment, the stewardess walked back down the isle, stopping right at our seats. I thought for a second that she was going to say something but then I realized she was blocking the view of the two guys for us. 

I was right about Keisha. She was so worked up that it wasn't only a minute or two of me fingering her that she let out a little squeak and coated my hand with her juices. She held her breath, her face screwed up in a grimace as she did her best not to cry out. When her breathing returned to normal, I carefully removed my hand, doing my best not to wipe any of the juices on the blanket. Sure enough, my fingers were thoroughly coated with Keisha's cum. I looked up at the stewardess, smiling as I held out my index finger. She glanced back at the guys up front before bending over and wrapping her painted lips around my finger. I could feel her tongue collecting all of Keisha's juices before she stood up, smiled and started walking back down the isle. 

I stood up, stretching, and walked over to where Jillian was seated. My middle finger was still covered with Keisha's cum. Sitting next to her, I held my finger out, my hand right on my lap. It looked just like I had a hard on. Jillian looked me right in the eyes, then leaned down and sucked my finger into her mouth. I let out a little chuckle as she bobbed her head up and down, giving my hand a blow job. 

When she was finished, I leaned over, pressing my lips next to her ear. "Spread your legs," I whispered. She nodded and I reached down, caressing her thigh. This time, there wasn't any pretense of teasing. Moving my hand up her leg to her crotch, I felt just how wet Jillian was. Looking up, I saw that Keisha was watching up intently and that the blanket was moving as she was rubbing herself. I did my best to get Jillian off but the pantyhose was getting in the way. Just then, she stood up, grabbed her purse and headed to the bathroom in the back. It wasn't long before she returned and I could tell right off that she was no longer wearing her hose. 

Jillian sat next to me, hiking up her skirt for easier access. Again, my hand went right to her pussy. It was covered with a light down of hair and I spread her vagina open, rubbing my finger up and down her moist slit. There was an added danger this time as there was no blanket to hide under. Plunging my two fingers into Jillian's pussy, I did my best to get her juices flowing. I asked her quietly if she could orgasm without making a noise to which she bit her lip and nodded. 
