 As Jessica Harris walked through the doors of the airport she felt the cool breeze whisk across her face. It blew through her long blonde hair, making it get into her eyes. As she put a few strands behind her ear she took a deep breath and smiled, she was finally home. Jess had spent the last 6 years in the Army and the last 9 months of that she spent overseas.

She walked towards the road looking for her ride home. When she didn't see it she felt a hint of rage. "Shit, I can't believe he didn't come pick me up!" she said. Brandon, her ex-boyfriend was supposed to pick her up. They broke up a year ago but he had been living in her home for the past nine months. The only reason she let him live there was because she wanted someone to take care of her house while she was gone and frankly she felt kind of sorry for him since he had nowhere to go.

"I only ask him to do one fucking thing for me and he's not even competent to do that." She said to herself as she quickly ran back inside the airport to use the pay phone. She put in her change and dialed the number. 

"Who the fuck is this?" answered a familiar voice on the other end.

"What the fuck Brandon, you were supposed to pick me up at the airport!" Jess yelled back.

"I got sidetracked". Brandon slurred with difficulty, which meant that he was completely and utterly drunk.

"You mean you decided to get wasted instead. I can't believe you, I haven't been home in 9 months, I haven't asked you for anything and you can't even do one thing for me, after all I've done for you!" she yelled back. Jess waited for a reply but all she heard was the dial tone; he hung up on her.

"Just fucking great. Fuck"! She yelled out loud, she was so exhausted and pissed. All she wanted to do was lie in her warm comfy bed and fall asleep, but no, now she had to walk the 11 miles to her house. She picked up her duffel bag and started down the road. 

She walked for about 3 miles when she looked at her watch, "Damn, it's 10:20 already" she said to the darkness. She looked up to the sky and noticed that here in small town Montana there is no smoke, no pollution. It was the complete opposite of the sky in the Middle East, where smoke and smog blocks out the sky so you can't see the stars. 

"God I forgot how beautiful the sky was here." She said to herself. 

Jess was distracted so she didn't notice the car that almost turned her into road kill. She heard the screeching of tires as a vehicle stopped just 2 feet away from her.

"Oh my god, are you okay?" a woman asked as she opened the door.

"You shouldn't be walking on this road at night, there's no street lights out here". She said exiting the car. Jess finally realized what almost happened. She looked over to the woman and noticed that the car was a police cruiser.

"I'm sorry... officer, I was day dreaming. The stars are so beautiful and it's been a long day. Hell it's been a long 9 months" Jess replied. The woman stepped closer and noticed that Jess was dressed in a military uniform.

"You're in the Army?" the woman asked.

"Yeah, for the past 6 years. I just returned from serving overseas." Jess replied. 

"Really? Wow you must be relieved to be home" The policewoman said as she stepped closer, but still not close enough for Jess to see her face.

"Oh, you have no idea" Jess said as she laughed.

"How come you're walking this late at night?" the woman asked. 

"My friend was supposed to pick me up at the airport, but he had better plans I guess." Jess said with a hint of anger. Jess and Brandon were together for 2 ½ years. She ended it with him because she didn't love him, she never did. But she did care about him and she naively thought he cared about her too, but she was wrong.

"I'm sorry to hear that, you deserve better. Why don't you let me give you a ride?" the policewoman offered.

"Oh no, no I don't want to burden you." Jess said.

"Nonsense. Trust me, it would be an honor." She said with a smile. Jess accepted the offer and put her duffel bag in the back seat and then took her place in the front. She watched the other woman get into the car; she could finally see her face, see her beautiful emerald green eyes, her chiseled jaw, pink lush lips. She was beautiful. She had long chestnut hair put up into a ponytail, she was athletically toned, about 5'9" and in her mid-twenties. 'Wow she looks damn sexy in that police uniform' Jess thought.

"My name is Kayla Taylor by the way" said the woman, extending her hand to shake Jess's. 

"Nice to meet you Kayla, I'm Jess. I really, really appreciate the ride" She replied shaking her hand. When their flesh made contact they both felt electricity; each woman instantly wanted the other. While Jess was in the Army she experimented with her sexuality, but she has never been so attracted to anyone in her entire life male or female.

"So where am I taking you?" Kayla asked after taking a deep breath to steady herself.

"216 Laurel Rd, it's the only house up there" Jess said staring out the window.

"Really, you live in that log cabin up on the ridge?" Kayla inquired.

"Yea, my parents left it to me. Why?" Jess asked curiously.

"I've gotten a few domestic violence calls from that address. People are drinking and doing drugs and end up beating the shit out of each other" Said the green eyed beauty. 

"You've got to be kidding me. This is the last fucking thing I need, Jesus Christ. I'm so sick of Brandon and his shit." Jess exclaimed.

"Wait a minute, your boyfriend is Brandon Frost?" Kayla asked with disgust in her voice.

"No, well I mean we dated for a while but we're not together anymore, he was just house sitting for me. That fucking bastard, he was the one that was supposed to pick me up. How do you know Brandon?" She asked Kayla. Surprisingly, Kayla knew Brandon well; they went to high school together. She knew him and his reputation. The second time that she got called out to the cabin was because he had beaten the shit out of a 19 year old girl who wouldn't have sex with him. Someone called the police and she showed up and arrested him, but he was out the next day due to his father being a lawyer. As Kayla told her story Jess got more pissed, as if that was even possible.

"I'm sorry, I didn't mean to upset you, I just thought you should know." Kayla turned to Jess and put her hand on hers. Jess smiled back and then turned to stare out of the window.

'Mmm, I want to feel her touch more than my hand.' Jess thought to herself.

"You didn't upset me, he did, too many times to even count." Jess sighed.

After a 20 minute ride up the mountain side, they finally arrived at a beautiful log cabin. It had a big wrap around porch with a hammock and a swing. Jess noticed that all of her gardens were dead and there was garbage all over the porch and the front lawn. It was all beer cans and liqueur bottles; it made her rage come back and her blood boil. She took a deep breath and opened the car door.

Kayla stopped her by grabbing her arm, once again feeling that electric charge between them. "Do you want me to stay? Just in case he tries to pull anything, he can get out of hand, especially if he's been drinking?" Kayla asked caringly. She only just met this woman, but she felt drawn to her, she's never felt this way before. 

When Kayla grabbed her arm it caught Jess by surprise. Jess looked into Kayla's green eyes and it felt like the whole world could melt away, like this woman could make all of her fears and insecurities disappear. 

She took a deep breath and said "Umm, no it's ok, I'll be fine. Thank you for the ride. Thank you so much." 

"You're welcome. If you need anything, anything at all, don't hesitate to call me. Here's my number." Kayla said with a wink and a seductive smile as she hands Jess her card.

"I won't." Jess returned with a smile. The two women said their goodbyes and Kayla drove away. 

"God she is the sexiest cop I have ever seen." Jess said to herself as she watched the cruiser drive down the driveway.

She then turned and walked towards her porch. Jess just stood there at the bottom of the stairs, staring at the front door, not wanting to go in. After 5 minutes of debating whether or not to confront Brandon she finally ascended the stairs and opened the front door. As she walked into the cabin the smell of stale alcohol hit her nose, she instantly gagged and started to regret sending Kayla away. As she walked through her foyer she could hear the television in the other room so she knew that Brandon was still up. Jess walked into her living room and there sitting in the recliner was Brandon in nothing but his boxers, surrounded by a pile of empty beer cans. He heard her walk into the room and all he did was stare at her. She stopped 10 feet away from him and stared back, trying to figure out how to deal with this situation.

After a long period of silence he slurred "Get over here bitch and fuck me."

Jess stared at him with disgust; if looks could kill he would definitely be dead. 

"Get out of my house." She said firmly. Brandon just looked at her and laughed. 

She stepped closer to him and crouched down to look at him straight in his blood shot eyes and said "How dare you disrespect me in my own home. After all the shit I do for you, you think that you can just do whatever the fuck you want. I've had enough; your free ride is over. Now, I'm not going to tell you again Brandon so listen very closely. Get The Fuck Out of My House." She said clearly.

Before she knew it, he flew up and back handed her right across the face. Jess stumbled backwards and he grabbed her by the throat and threw her to the floor.

"You think you can talk to me like that, huh you fucking bitch, you fucking whore." He yelled trying to rip her shirt off. She wouldn't let him; she would kill him before she let him touch her. Jess closed her fist and punched him right in the face and he let go of her. She quickly got up but he grabbed her by the ankle and pulled her back to the floor. She hit the floor with a thud, banging her head against the wood. He was trying to climb up her body but Jess blocked him with her legs and kicked him square in the nose. He fell back clutching his face, blood running down his chin. She got up and ran for the phone in the kitchen, but he was on her before she knew it and pinned her against the wall, with his hand around her throat.

"Your mine" he said as he flipped her around. Jess tried to fight him off and attempted to push him away but she was too exhausted. Brandon closed his fist and made contact with her cheek. Jess stumbled with her back hitting the wall and then felt another strike, this time sending her crashing to the floor. Brandon was so enraged that he started to kick her in the stomach breaking ribs, ignoring her screams of pain.

Meanwhile, as Kayla was driving back to town she noticed that Jess left a pair of sunglasses in her car. 'Hmm, I could call her in the morning or...I could just bring them to her now' she thought with a huge smile on her face. 'Besides it would give me an excuse to check and see how things are going between her and her douchebag ex-boyfriend'. With that thought she decided to turn around.

As she pulled up to the cabin she got a weird feeling that something wasn't right. Kayla got out of her car and walked to the door. She knocked. There was no answer. Kayla listened and she could clearly hear something was going on inside, so she opened the door and walked in. She heard what sounded like fighting and she quickly rushed into the living room. She saw Brandon standing over Jess kicking her in her side. She saw Jess's face covered in blood and she instantly withdrew her gun from its holster.

"Police! Get the fuck away from her and put your hands on your head." she yelled at him. 

Brandon turned around in shock. He then grabbed a knife off the counter and yelled "You need to mind your own fucking business you dyke pig".

"Put the knife down now or I will use force" she said back to him calmly. He smiled a toothy grin then rushed toward her, knife in hand. Kayla had little time to react; she pulled the trigger and shot him. He instantly fell to the floor screaming in pain.

When Jess heard the gunshot she opened her eyes to see Kayla standing over Brandon. She looked at her and their eyes met, emerald green met bright blue. Kayla rushed over to Jess's side and took her hands in hers.

"I shouldn't have left you, I'm so sorry. I knew what he was capable of, I should have stayed." Kayla said looking at Jess's bruised, bloody face.

Jess looked into those emerald green eyes and just smiled up at Kayla and then everything went black.



Chapter 2

Jess opened her eyes after being unconscious for 3 days. The first thing that she saw was Kayla sleeping in a chair in the corner. When the nurse came in to check her vital signs she noticed that Jess seemed preoccupied. She glanced over at what Jess was staring at, and sure enough it was Kayla.

The nurse turned to her and says "She's been here all day waiting for you to wake up. Actually, she's been here every day since you were admitted 3 days ago. Kayla must like you a lot if she's sitting here for 6 hours a day". The nurse laughed as she walked away.

The laugh had awoken Kayla to see a bruised and beating Jess staring at her. Their eyes met and Kayla was instantly drawn to those beautiful blue orbs. She got up out of the chair and walked over to her bedside.

"She's right. I have been here all day, but I hardly think it was 6 hours" Kayla said, laughing nervously.

Jess looked right into her eyes, soaking in the bright green. "Is she right about the other part?" She asked shyly.

Kayla looked into her turquoise blue eyes, she's never seen eyes this color; she just wanted to swim in them. "What? About me liking you a lot?" 

"Yeah" Jess replies looking through Kayla's eyes to her soul. Kayla felt those beautiful blue eyes pulling her into Jess. Kayla then leans in closer to her, their lips about to touch when the doctor walked in and interrupted the kiss that was about to happen.

"Sorry Sheriff, hope I'm not interrupting anything?" the doctor said as he walked into the room. 

Kayla quickly backed off and straightened her uniform, which made Jess giggle. "No, not at all" Kayla replied.

He then looked toward Jess and said "I'm Doctor Victor Manners. I'm here to check out your injuries, including the stitches that you had prior to this incident."

"You have stitches? What do you have stitches for?" Kayla interrupted.

"3 weeks ago when I was in Afghanistan there was a car bombing and a piece of shrapnel impaled my left shoulder from behind, that's actually why I was discharged." Jess said looking at Kayla. Just then Kayla's walkie talky went off.

"Sheriff this is dispatch, we have 240 at Maxine's Tavern" the voice said over the line.

"Roger that dispatch. I'm en route" Kayla replied.

Kayla turned towards Jess and said shyly "I'm sorry, I've got to go. Umm, I'll be back later, if that's ok with you?" Jess nodded yes and with that Kayla took off.

"So as I was saying, some of your injuries are severe. You have 3 broken ribs, 2 on your upper left side and one on your upper right side. You have bruises all over your body even your trachea is bruised, due to strangulation. Your left cheek bone is broken due to blunt force trauma. Since you were in a coma for 3 days, we need to keep you here for at least another 48 hours for observation. Also your stitches in your back were torn open so we had to re-clean and re-sew the wound." The doctor explained to Jess.

Jess looked at the doctor and asked "What about Brandon?"

The doctor looked at her and replied "Unfortunately, the bullet wound in Mr. Frost's side was fatal. I am sorry to tell you he didn't make it."

Jess thought "thank god" to herself, feeling slightly guilty for feeling that way, but Brandon made her life a living hell for the past year and a half and he would have beaten her to death if Kayla hadn't showed up. She saved her life and she couldn't think about anything else except her beautiful sexy hero. 

Meanwhile, Kayla was on her way to Maxine's Tavern on Main Street. When she arrived there, she saw three pickup trucks in the parking lot. As she stepped out of her vehicle a short woman walked over to her.

"Thank God you're here Kayla, Jeff Michaels is in there beating the shit out of Ray Donahue" the woman said to her. 

"Ok, are they the only ones in there? Is Jeff by himself or are his friends with him too?" Kayla asked.

"No, it's just Jeff and Ray." The woman replied

"Alright, I called for backup so just wait here till they arrive, I'm going inside". Kayla said back. With that she walked into the bar and scanned the scene. She saw a man with a broken beer bottle standing over another man. She drew her gun and took a step closer.

"Police! Drop the bottle now Jeff and put your hands on your head" Kayla shouted to the man.

Jeff Michaels looked at Kayla and yelled, "Or what, you'll shoot me like you did Brandon."

"If you give me reason, yes I will, to protect others and myself". She said looking right at him.

Jeff knew that she was being serious and knew that you don't fuck with the Sheriff, so he dropped the bottle and put his hands on his head.

"Good choice" She said to him as she lowered her firearm. She then walked up to him and put the handcuffs around his wrists. She then escorted him out to her car, securing him in the back seat. Kayla walked over to the victim, Ray Donahue, to make sure that he was alright. He had no injuries except a black eye so he said he would be fine. She then got into her cruiser and took off to the police station. She processed all of the paper work and put Jeff into the holding cell. When it was time for her to leave she decided that she would go to the hospital to check in on Jess. She's been thinking about her all night, she just couldn't get her out of her mind. When she got into the car she noticed that it was 11:38 pm. She drove to the hospital knowing that Jess would probably be sleeping but still she wanted to be near her.

When Kayla arrived at her room, she was right, Jess was asleep. Kayla walked in and took a seat in the recliner in the corner and let exhaustion take over, thinking about Jess's pink lips and the kiss that almost happened.

Jess woke up at 8:30 am and saw that Kayla was nowhere to be seen. The nurse came in 30 minutes later to administer medication and change the dressings on her injuries. The nurse noticed that Jess was sad and she knew why.

"Kayla was here." She said. "She came in at like 12:00 last night and fell asleep in the chair, but she got a call at around 6:00 this morning. There was a car accident that she had to respond to. It was really bad." The nurse said to her.

"You talk as if you know Kayla. Do you?" Jess asked the nurse.

"Yeah I know her. In fact I'm her older sister, Becky." She said shaking Jess's hand.

"You're her sister. Wow, I had no idea." Jess laughed, and then asked, "How do you know she likes me?"

Becky looked at the woman that her sister was falling for, "I can see it in her eyes. The way she looks at you, and smiles at you, I haven't seen her like that in a very long time".

"Really? Is she... not happy?" Jess asked curiously.

"Kayla has been through some rough times in her life. The way she looks at you I've only seen her look at one other person that way, and that bitch cheated on her in her own bed, but it's more complicated than that. She's had her heart ripped out and torn open so she's very hesitant, she doesn't open up easily. I'm telling you this because I love her and I don't want to see her get hurt again" Becky explained to Jess. Jess could tell that Becky loved Kayla very much. She couldn't believe that somebody would do something that horrible to her. 
