 Finally after spending 4 days in the hospital, Jess was able to go home. As she was relaxing on her back deck overlooking the beautiful valley below, her mind drifted towards Kayla and her enchanting green eyes. She felt sadness and became worried because she hasn't seen or heard from Kayla for 2 days. Jess knew that Kayla was a busy woman, being the sheriff and running a pub and all, but she couldn't help but think that she had done something to upset her, to make Kayla avoid her. After the 3rd day of not hearing from the sheriff, she decided that she would go and check out the pub, and see if Kayla was there.

Jess hopped into her Jeep and made her way into town. She drove down Main Street and pulled into the parking lot of the pub, parked her car and walked through the heavy wood door to get inside. As soon as she closed the door behind her she was stunned when she saw how beautiful the place was. The pub looked like it came out of the roaring 20's. It was classy with a dining room full of antique wooden tables and chairs and the bar was mahogany with gorgeous stained glass behind it. Under that stained glass was a shelf that held a vast array of alcohol along with steins and glasses. To the left against the wall stood a beautiful 1950's jukebox that played Chuck Berry through its speakers. Jess stepped closer to the bar and saw that Kayla was indeed working tonight.

She walked up to the huge wooden bar and stood there to wait for Kayla to notice her, but what she didn't know is that Kayla saw her when she first walked in.

After Kayla poured a drink for a young man she then turned towards Jess and emerald green met sky blue. Kayla was instantly drawn to her; she could feel those eyes pulling her in.

"Hi. Can I get you anything?" Kayla asked her with a smile.

"Yeah, umm, may I have a rum and coke please?" Jess said looking into Kayla's green eyes.

"I'm pretty sure you're not supposed to drink with your medication." Kayla said grinning at her.

"Oh, and what are you going to do, arrest me?" Jess said with a sly smile. Kayla laughed and turned to mix her drink. As Kayla passed Jess her drink, Jess gently grazed her fingers along her hand, sending a wave of electricity through their bodies; both women felt a tingle run down their spines. They looked into each other's eyes and they both saw lust, but Jess also saw pain in Kayla's soulful eyes.

"Hey. Can I get some service here?" an elderly gentleman said, interrupting their moment.

"Um, yeah, sorry. What can I get ya?" Kayla asked the man.

"Shot and beer." the elderly man replied. 

Kayla then turned away to get his drinks. Jess wanted to talk to Kayla, but the pub was crowded, Kayla had to keep on serving people. Jess sat there for about an hour just watching Kayla work. She watched every movement the sheriff made; she couldn't help but ogle her ass every time she bent over. 'Damn, I can't wait to get you all to myself.' she thought to herself. 

When Jess noticed that the pub was nearly empty she thought it would be a good time to get Kayla alone so she could talk to her.

"Hey, can we talk?" Jess asked Kayla shyly.

Kayla looked at Jess knowing very well what she wanted to talk about. She felt bad for not contacting her, but she needed time to figure things out. She was practically falling in love with a woman she barely knew and she didn't want to get her heart broken again, but she knew that ignoring her wouldn't help either.

"Yeah, we can go into the storage room so we can have some privacy." Kayla responded, asking the waitress to cover her for a few minutes.

Kayla led Jess around behind the bar and down a short hallway. They turned and walked through a doorway into a large storage room, closing the door behind them.

Once inside Jess turns to Kayla and says "I'm sorry if I did anything to upset you."

"What? No. No, you didn't upset me at all. Why would you think that?" Kayla responded looking surprised.

"I haven't heard from you in a few days and I just thought that I did something wrong or made you feel uncomfortable."

"No, you didn't do anything, I promise. I just thought that maybe a little time could help us figure things out. Well, help me figure things out." Kayla said looking down at the floor. Jess felt bad that Kayla was struggling within her soul. She stepped closer to her and took her hands into her own. Raising her right hand to caress her cheek, she lifted Kayla's chin up so that she could see into her eyes. She saw hurt in her eyes, and when she saw it, she wanted to be the one to make that pain go away. 

Kayla was lost in Jess's eyes as well, but what she saw was love. She was torn from those beautiful blue orbs when Jess leaned forward and kissed Kayla full on the lips. Kayla parted her lips, allowing Jess in to explore. Their tongues entangling themselves, their lips sucking on each other; then Kayla breaks away.

"But you're not gay." Kayla says taking a step back from Jess, looking into her eyes. 

Jess looks at her and closes the distance between them and says "I am. I just didn't truly know it until I met you." With their lips meeting again, Jess pushes Kayla up against the wall, crushing their bodies together. They both feel that electrical charge radiating between their bodies, making them crave more of each other. Kayla grabs Jess by the hips and flips them around so that Jess is pinned with her back against the wall. She couldn't hold back anymore, she needed to feel Jess, needed to feel her warm smooth skin beneath her fingertips. Kayla slowly started to move her hands up Jess's body, feeling every curve and every shudder that ran through her. She stroked the sides of her breasts making her nipples hard, straining against her thin V-neck t shirt, then caressing her way back down, gently brushing over her hips. She then slid her hands beneath her shirt and rubbed the soft skin on the small of her back. 

"Mmmm, Kayla." Jess moans into her mouth. Kayla slowly began to kiss Jess's jaw line and down her neck, gently sucking on her succulent flesh. As Kayla's hands were caressing Jess's wonderful body, the door swings open and in walks the waitress.

"Hey Kayla, there's nobody out there, can I...." the girl trailed off when she saw what was happening right before her eyes.

Kayla quickly turned around and blushed bright red. She looked at the girl not saying anything for a long moment. She then finally clears her throat and told the waitress she could leave since she was going to close early anyways. Once the girl left, both women burst out laughing.

Jess turned to Kayla and asked "So you're closing early huh?"

"Yeah, I'm way too tired to stay here for another two hours." Kayla replied.

"Oh. So I guess I should get going then." Jess said sadly, turning away from her. Kayla grabbed her by the arm and pulled her towards her and kissed her passionately, caressing her back while holding her body against hers.

Jess broke the kiss saying "I want you so bad. Come home with me. Please?"

Kayla looked into Jess's eyes and saw love. At that moment her heart melted and she knew she couldn't resist the offer of this beautiful woman she was holding in her arms.

"I'll do anything for you beautiful." Kayla says kissing her on the lips. "But, just to let you know my house is closer." She says grinning at Jess.

To help the time pass by faster Jess helped Kayla close up the pub, both women barely able keep their hands off of each other. Once they were finished they got into their cars and drove to Kayla's house. 

Kayla's mind was racing on her ride home. 'I haven't been with anybody for 2 years, what if I can't do this, what if I can't please her?.' she thought to herself looking at Jess's Jeep through her rearview mirror.

After Kayla parked her truck in her driveway she walked to her front door to wait for Jess to pull in and park behind her.

As Jess parked her car, she couldn't help but notice that Kayla looked nervous. She wondered if this might be a bad idea, she didn't want to rush Kayla into anything that she might not be ready for. Jess then exited her Jeep and made her way to where Kayla was and gently kissed her on the lips. They then both looked into each other's eyes and all of their nervousness and fears dissipated and was replaced with lust.

As soon as Kayla unlocked and opened her door Jess threw herself against her and they fell against the wall. Jess's hands began to roam over Kayla's body, sending little shocks of electricity through her skin. Jess hooked her thumbs under Kayla's shirt and pulled it off over her head and threw it to the floor. She stood there looking at Kayla's body. Her flat stomach and long legs made Jess practically drool; Jess couldn't help thinking 'damn she is sexy.' As her eyes traced their way to Kayla's wonderful chest that was covered by a white lace bra, which Jess wanted to tear off her body to reveal her magnificent breasts. She took a step towards Kayla, mashing their lips together not separating until both were out of breath. 

"We should move this upstairs" Kayla said panting. 

Jess answered her by drawing her body into hers and moaning into her mouth "Mmmm, lead the way."

Kayla took jess by the hand and led her upstairs to her bedroom. Jess couldn't help watching Kayla's perfectly shaped ass sway with every step she took. When they reached the bedroom they entangled their bodies together and fell to the bed. Jess climbed on top of Kayla straddling her waist, leaning forward to kiss her lips then slowly entered her mouth with her tongue. Both women moaned as the kiss became more heated. Kayla began to massage Jess's back but it wasn't enough, she needed to feel her warm skin. She grasped the bottom of her shirt and lifted it up her body and over her head, breaking their kiss.

Kayla stared at Jess's chest, her tits were perfectly round; she couldn't wait to feel her nipples in her mouth, against her tongue. She was getting wet just thinking about it. 

Jess noticed Kayla staring at her breasts so she reached behind herself and unclasped her bra, letting them fall right in front of Kayla's face.

"Mmhmm" Kayla moaned as she watched these magnificent breasts dangle in front of her. She then reached her mouth forward and sucked one nipple between her lips. Jess released a moan which drove Kayla crazy. She then wrapped a hand around Jess's waist and flipped them over.

"You are so beautiful." Kayla whispered into Jess's ear taking her ear lobe between her lips. She slowly kissed her way down her neck, making her way to her collar bone which she gently licked causing Jess to shiver. The response excited Kayla. She licked her way back up her neck causing Jess to tremble beneath her. She then kissed her way to her heaving chest, licking the top of each breast. Kayla blew on her nipples, which were already hard little pebbles causing the woman to moan. She then reached her tongue out and flicked it.

"Ohhh Kayla." Jess moaned. She was so turned on; she could feel her panties getting wet.

Jess watched this beautiful woman suck on her nipples and caress her flat stomach, she's never been so happy in her life. Kayla licked and kissed from one breast to the other. She pulled a nipple into her mouth and gently bit down with her teeth. Kayla was driving Jess crazy, she wanted more. Kayla sensed this and started to kiss her way down her stomach stopping at her belly button to dip her tongue in. When she reached the top of her pants she stopped and looked up into Jess's eyes.

"Are you sure you want to do this? If you don't, you need to let me know now or I might not be able to stop." Kayla says shakily, praying to God that Jess didn't want to stop.

"I never wanted anything more in my life." Jess said looking right into Kayla's soul. 

With that Kayla unbuckled Jess's belt and unbuttoned her pants. She slowly pulled them down her legs, kissing her along the way. Once her pants were off, Kayla stood back to get a full view of Jess's body. All she was wearing was a pair of black lace boy shorts. Kayla couldn't believe that she had this beautiful sexy woman in her bed. 

Jess felt as though those emerald green eyes were burning through her skin, she was getting so hot. Kayla then lied next to Jess and kissed her, tracing her bottom lip with her tongue. As they kissed, Kayla's hand found its way to Jess's breasts. She rubbed her soft skin; she loved how her nipples felt against the palm of her hand. She then caressed her way down her stomach until she reached her underwear. She began to rub her pussy through the material, she could feel how wet Jess was and it turned her on to no extent. Jess moaned loudly into Kayla's mouth.

"I want you so bad." She said against Kayla's lips. With that Kayla dipped her hand under the waistband of her boy shorts feeling the moisture on her fingers. She gently rubbed the outer lips of her pussy, making them slick with her juices. She continued by dipping a finger between her slick lips and gently grazes her clit, causing little moans to escape Jess's mouth. Kayla removed her hand and brought her fingers to her lips and licked them clean. 

"Mmm, you taste so good." Kayla moaned. Looking lustfully at Kayla, Jess wraps her arm around Kayla's neck, pulling her closer and deeply kisses her, tasting her juices on Kayla's tongue. She let her hands travel down Kayla's back to unclasp her bra. Her mouth followed Kayla's jaw line nipping and licking her way until she reached her neck. She continued to lick and nip at her soft flesh, causing Kayla to shudder. She traced Kayla's collar bone with her tongue, causing a loud moan to escape her lips.

"Ommm." Kayla moaned as Jess's mouth found a hard nipple. She sucked it between her lips, swirling her tongue around the tip. Kayla then pulled away.

"I want to make love to you." Kayla said looking straight into Jess's beautiful blue orbs.

"I want you to, more than anything in this world." Jess said as she leaned back on the bed, spreading her legs wide allowing Kayla full access to her body. 

Kayla swiftly moved between Jess's tan, toned legs and hooked her fingers inside of her panties and slowly pulled them down the length of her legs. 

"You're so wet." Kayla purred as she saw her glistening pussy lips. She then leans forward and licks the length of her dripping slit, causing Jess to raise her hips to Kayla's mouth. Kayla held back and just gently licked up and down her outer lips driving Jess insane.

"Mmm, I need to feel you inside of me." Jess said looking down at Kayla with half closed eyes. "Don't worry baby, be patient, we have all night." Kayla replied with a flick of her tongue to her sensitive clit. Jess tangled her fingers into Kayla's long chestnut colored hair, urging her on, trying to pull her closer to her sex. Feeling that she teased Jess enough she used her fingers to spread open her wet pussy lips and delved her tongue into her hot creamy center. 

"Oh Fuck." Jess exclaimed when she felt Kayla's tongue wiggling inside of her pussy. As Kayla was tongue fucking Jess her thumb found her swollen clit; she rubbed circles as she plunged her tongue in and out of her pussy. 

"Ohhhh, I'm gonna cum." Jess screamed. 

Kayla then stopped so that she could switch. Now her tongue was rapidly attacking her clit while two fingers were buried deep inside Jess's core. Kayla could feel Jess's pussy begin to contract, she then sucked Jess's clit into her mouth and sucked like there was no tomorrow, while fucking her with her hand. Kayla moaned into Jess's pussy, the vibrations pushing her over the edge.

"Ohhhh, Goddd. Kayla." Jess screamed as she came. 

Kayla licked up every last drop of cum from Jess's pussy, thighs and her own hand. When she was finished she sat up and looked at Jess, she looked completely sated with her eyes barely open and a sheen of sweat covering her entire body.

Jess looked down the length of her body and looked into Kayla's eyes. "Come here." She said to her in a husky voice.

Kayla crawled up Jess's body covering her stomach and breasts with butterfly kisses. Jess put her hands on both sides of Kayla's face and pulled her into her, mashing their lips together. They lied like that for a while, with Kayla's body pressed tightly against Jess's.

After a few minutes Jess broke the silence, "Wow. That was absolutely amazing. I have never felt anything like that. Nobody has made me cum so fast before."

"Well then, they obviously were doing it wrong." Kayla said smiling at her. 

"Or, maybe it's because none of them were you." Jess whispered licking the outside of Kayla's ear, causing a shiver to go straight to her pussy. 

Suddenly, Jess got a surge of energy and rolled them over so she was on top. She took her hand and caressed Kayla's cheek, rubbing her thumb across her red, lush lips. Kayla met the thumb with her tongue, sucking it into her mouth, making Jess moan. Jess then lazily dragged her hand down Kayla's throat until she reached the top of her breasts. Leaning forward she sucked a nipple into her mouth. 

"Ohhh" moaned Kayla as she arched her back in response. Jess bit down with her teeth causing a gasp to escape from Kayla's lips. 

"You like that don't you." Jess stated. Kayla responded with a loud moan as Jess bit down again. While she was sucking Kayla's hard nipples, she let her hands roam free over her body. She then licked her way down Kayla's stomach and lightly nibbled her hips. 

"I feel as though you're a little overdressed." Jess giggled as she realized Kayla still had her jeans on.

"Well, why don't you do something about it?" Kayla said with a sexy smile.

"Hmm, maybe I will." Jess said as she leaned down to kiss Kayla on the lips. Her tongue snaked between Kayla's lips, who then bit down on Jess's lower lip, causing the blonde to moan. Jess pulled away from her and slowly ran her hands over Kayla's breasts and stomach until she reached her belt. Jess repositioned herself between Kayla's legs. She unbuckled her buckle and leaned forward to once again nibble on her hips. Once Kayla's pants were unbuttoned they were hastily pulled off and thrown to the floor. 

"Mmmm, no panties. I love it." Jess said as she saw that Kayla's shaven pussy wasn't obstructed by any underwear. She slowly leaned forward and kissed the insides of Kayla's thighs and licked her way up to her dripping pussy. She covered her mound with kisses until she reached just above the top of her slit. Jess put her hand against Kayla's sex and gently applied pressure. She then rubbed up and down her outer lips, spreading her juices all over her pussy. 

"Mmm... please." Kayla begged.

"Please what? Tell me what you want baby." Jess asked as she gently rubbed her thumb on Kayla's clit.

"Ooo, please...fuck me." She moaned. With that Jess, inserted two fingers into Kayla's seeping vagina and sucked her clit between her lips. 

"Yes. Oh, mmmm." Kayla moaned.

Jess continued, picking up speed and fucking her harder. She lightly bit down on her clit, sending Kayla over the edge. Jess felt her inner walls contract and knew that Kayla was cumming. She replaced her fingers with her tongue and fucked her with it, while rubbing her clit between two of her fingers. 

"Ohhhhh, Jesss, FUCK!" Kayla screamed as her orgasm tore through her entire body. When Jess had finished cleaning all of Kayla's cum off her pussy she crawled up her body and pressed her lips against Kayla's.

"Mmm you taste delicious. " Jess moaned into Kayla's mouth.

After a few minutes of catching her breath Kayla says "I would love it if you spent the night."

"I would love to." Jess replies as she rests her head on Kayla's chest, listening to her heart beat. Before they knew it they fell asleep in each other's arms.