 Chapter 1: How It Started

It was a few years ago, my sophomore year at Olympia High School in the great state of Washington. I still remember it clearly: a sunny fall afternoon with the leaves turning into vibrantly beautiful colors before lazily falling to the ground. A little chilly, but I didn't need at coat, I was used to it.

I was outside during lunch practicing tennis with one of my friends. Tryouts were next week and I needed to practice my returns.

"How hard do you want me to serve it?" my friend asked.

"Hard as you can, I need to work on my returns."

Big mistake, the serve was perfect. With the ball coming straight at me, I panicked and swung my racket as hard as I could, hoping to nail it. I did, but in the completely wrong direction. The ball went in an upwards arc and right over the fence enclosing the tennis courts.

The ball hit her right on the head. That was my first interaction with Elise. She was also a sophomore, not particularly popular, hung around the smart crowd, and earned good grades. Her stature was similar to mine, 5-8, blue eyes, dark brown hair, and a C-cup. Now that I think about it, she was also very cute and somewhat shy since she didn't say much.

I myself am about 5-7, green eyes, dark brown hair, and a DD-cup. I'd consider myself pretty popular in high school, especially with the boys. It was normal for me to catch them staring at my, assets. During high school, I dated a few boys, but nothing serious.

After graduating high school, I did get serious with one person. I lost my virginity to him, but we had too many arguments. This resulted in a lot of drama and we eventually decided it was best to part ways, but let me get back to the story.

She was sitting down next to a tree near the tennis court reading a book. When the ball hit her head, her face had the most comical expression of pain and confusion. As she scanned the horizon trying to figure out what and who had hit her, I ran towards her to apologize.

"Are you ok? I'm so sorry! I was returning a serve and hit the ball way too hard."

I would later tease her about her reaction, but she glared at me for a bit and said, "please be more careful next time," and went back to reading her book.

"I know, I know, I should more careful. By the way, my name is Sarah, what's your name?"

She glared at me again and said, "Elise, nice to meet you."

"Nice to meet you too Elise, again, sorry for hitting you with the tennis ball, I'll see you around!"

I smiled at her and as I left, she of course, glared at me again.

A few weeks went by before I talked to Elise again, this time asking for help. I'm not the best math person and definitely needed help with the upcoming midterm, but who could I ask? Definitely, not my immediate friends, they were in the same boat as I was.

It was crazy, but how about Elise? I didn't know her, but it was worth a shot. The following day, I talked to her after class.

"Hi Elise, how are you doing?"

She stared at me for a bit, but after remembering the incident a few weeks ago, she looked confused. As if wondering why I was talking to her.

"Oh hi Sarah, I'm doing well, did you need something?"

"Yes, I'm having trouble with a few sections in the book. I asked the teacher for help, but I'm still a little confused. I was wondering if you had some time to go over a few problems with me?"

I expected an incoming glare, but instead, Elise paused for a bit to decide.

"Sure, when did you want to meet?"

"How about after school at my house? I live pretty close, we can walk there."

"Ok, I'll meet you in front of the school after classes."

She actually said yes, I was sure she would say no after "the incident."

After school got out, I met her out front; she was wearing sneakers, jeans, a t-shirt, jacket, and her backpack. During the walk to my house, I wanted to get to know her better, so I asked the usual questions about her hobbies, interests, and family.

Elise didn't give me much to work with. She liked to read, watched a few TV shows, and her mom was a nurse while her dad worked on cars. I don't know if it was her personally, quirks, or cute looks, but I felt unusually attracted to her.

That's how it started.

After that, we progressively spent more time together and eventually became best friends. We did just about everything together. However, my attraction to her became stronger and stronger. This is probably why I never got serious with any boys during high school.

At first, I thought it was just our close friendship. I really enjoyed talking to her and hanging out with her, but I wanted more. I denied my feelings for the longest time, but eventually came to terms and accepted them.

You could say I loved her very much and didn't want to do anything that would jeopardize our friendship. I don't think she ever knew I had feelings for her, but I certainly gave her unintentional clues. When she wasn't looking, I would stare at her while biting my lips and grabbing my aching heart. I can't tell her; I won't tell her.

On other occasions, I would stare at her without realizing it and her response would be, "what, is there something on my face?"

My reply: "No there isn't, sorry, was thinking about something else." I'm thinking about you, stupid.

It only got worse as junior and senior year came around. During that time, my hormones went into overdrive; I couldn't stop thinking about her. Even during class, my heart ached, but I somehow managed to keep my feelings bottled up.

And one day, she was gone.

After graduation, Elise moved to Seattle to attend college. I stayed in Olympia and attended community college. My mind was confused during this time; I wasn't sure what I wanted to do so I took general education classes. It was difficult, but I slowly buried my feelings for Elise and moved on.

That's when I met the only guy I was serious with. We had good times, but he suspected there was someone else I wasn't telling him about. He was right, but I never told him and we eventually parted ways because of it.

Chapter 2: Reunion

Over the years, Elise and I grew apart. Our communications progressively decreased until eventually, we stopped talking entirely.

Fast forward to today: I'm currently working the day shift as a cashier at the Olympia Target store. It's the best job I could find considering my limited work experience and the economic environment. At times, it's a bit boring constantly scanning items, but I get by, plus it pays for college.

Today was a bit slow, so I pulled out my phone to check the time and see if I have any messages. Seconds later, I heard someone walk up and put a few items on the counter. As I looked up to greet the customer, she was wearing small heels, a conservative skirt that went down to her knees and, a conservative blouse.

Then I saw her face and I just stared. She looked very familiar.

"Elise, Ohmygosh, I haven't seen you in ages!"

"Sarah? it's so nice to see you again!"

"Same here, we need to catch up, when do you get off?"

"My shift ends at 6, let's grab dinner or something. I think I still have your number, I'll call you."

"Ok, see you then, here's my number just in case."

"Great, but aren't you going to at least glare at me?" I teased.

"Oh shut up!" she responded with a smile.

I couldn't wait. As soon as I clocked out, I called her.

"Hello?"

"Hi, it's Sarah, just got off work. Can you meet me in 15 minutes at Juan's?"

"Yeah, I'll be there, can't wait."

"Ok, see you then, bye."

"Bye!"

I wanted to change out of my store uniform, but I didn't have time, I wanted to catch up with her.

Juan's wasn't very busy that night. I arrived first, got a table, and munched on the chips and salsa. After working an entire shift, my body needed food. I waved at Elise as she walked in wearing the same outfit from earlier.

"Sorry, I'm pretty hungry and started without you."

She laughed and said, "Oh that's ok, I'm just glad to see you."

We ordered some tacos and enchiladas. However, I was doing it again, staring at her. She has really matured into a beautiful woman.

"What, is there something on my face?"

"No, just thinking about all the good times we had here, it brings back memories."

"Yeah, I remember those fun nights."

Elise looked around, "although this place hasn't changed much."

I smiled at her, "The food is still the same though."

We discussed our lives after high school. Elise completed her degree; now lives in downtown Seattle working as an accountant. Been in a few relationships, but not seeing anyone currently.

I gave her my story: still attending community college and working towards an Art degree, almost complete. Haven't seen anyone since my most recent serious relationship. Working at Target and living with parents.

"Sarah, I feel kind of bad that we haven't talked in such a long time, but you know what? How about you visit me in Seattle this coming weekend and we can hang out like we used to?"

"I would love that, I have to work Saturday, but I'll be there in the evening."

"Great! I'm visiting my parents today, but I'll see you Saturday evening."

We continued chatting after we left Juan's and started walking to our cars. When we got to Elise's car, I looked at her, smiled, and said, "you know, I really missed you." Elise smiled back, as I hugged her. "I missed you too," Elise whispered into my ear. We stayed motionless for who knows how long, absorbing the moment. Finally, I let go and looked at Elise, all I could think about was kissing her, but she interrupted my train of thought, "okay, I have to go, see you this weekend."

Driving home, all my feelings for her were coming back. My legs squirmed at the thought of Elise eating my pussy. I gripped the steering wheel and focused on getting home. After swerving into the garage, I ran inside, hit the shower, and masturbated while fantasizing about Elise.

My workweek went by quickly; all I could think about was Elise and my feelings for her. How was I going to handle it now?

Chapter 3: Spending the Night

After getting off work, I drove home to pack a change of cloths, and hit the road at 5PM. Big mistake, the drive took about two hours due to rush hour traffic and the rain didn't help either. When I finally arrived, I ended up parking inside a large parking structure.

With my purse and backpack, I walked towards the address Elise gave me. It was a large high-rise apartment building.

"Hmm, the 15th floor" I mumbled.

I took the elevator up and knocked on her door. Elise opened with a big smile; she was wearing pajama pants and a shirt.

"Hi, come in! It's a bit wet outside isn't it?"

"You could say that."

She closed the door after I walked in. The apartment was very nice to say the least. All hardwood flooring with a big comfortable couch, loveseat, and chair situated around a 42" TV. The kitchen and dining area had a beautiful cherry wood table with four chairs.

"This place is really nice, I love the hardwood floors!"

"Thanks, let me show you around."

Elise toured me through the rest of the apartment. The bathroom looked normal. Her bedroom contained a king size bed, closet, and desk with her computer on it. The apartment looks deceivingly small, but is larger than it looks.

"Pizza is on the way, I hope half Pepperoni half Hawaiian is still your favorite."

She remembered my favorite pizza I thought, sigh, why do I have to be in love with you.

"Yep, it still is, I can't believe you remembered."

"You're my best friend, I would never forget something like that!" she said laughingly.

"You look pretty soaked; you'd better take a shower and change into warmer cloths before you freeze to death."

"Yeah, you're right."

I took my backpack, headed to the bathroom, and closed the door. Inside, I striped out of my wet cloths and stepped into the shower. The hot water felt great running down my skin. My eyes closed and I started thinking about Elise. She was more beautiful than I remembered; all I wanted to do was rip off her cloths and make love to her.

My hands moved towards my pussy while I imagined Elise in the shower with me; she looked at me with her piercing blue eyes. Saying nothing, she slowly got down to her knees while looking me in the eyes.

"Mmm, don't make me wait Elise, I need you to..."

Elise used her tongue and slowly licked my swollen lips while her hands massaged my buttocks.

"Ahh, ahh, ahh, that feels good."

My breathing and heartbeat increased as Elise licked and sucked my pussy lips.

"Ahhhh, ahhhh, ahhhh!"

By this time, my clit was the size of a pea. Elise saw it and went for it. Her mouth surrounded my clit as she used her tongue to massage and suck on it.

"EEEEElise, Uggghhhh, aaaahhhhhh, aaaaahhhhh, it feels soooo good!"

That only encouraged her as she used one of her hands to finger my soaking wet pussy. I could hear my juices slopping each time she thrust her fingers into my waiting hole.

"Yes, fuck me with your fingers! Yeeesssss, Ooohhhh, Ooohhhh, I'm going to cum!"

Elise didn't stop, she kept savagely fucking my pussy with her fingers.

"I'm cuuuuuuuming, ahhhhhhhh!"

She looked at me as she ate my clit. Waves of pleasure pulsed through my body as the orgasm hit. I rubbed my clit even harder and used my other hand to finger my pussy faster.

"Ooohhh, oooohhh, ooooh, oooh, ooh, yes, that felt so good!"

As the orgasm subsided, I took my fingers out and tasted myself.

"Elise, you were great," I whispered as I fantasized us kissing in my juices.

My legs felt wobbly, but I slowly regained my breath and composure. I finished showering, grabbed a towel, and stepped out. While drying off, I stared at the mirror. Did she hear me? What if she did, what would she think. Enough! Stop thinking about it and get out of the bathroom.

I quickly put on some pajama shorts and a shirt before walking into the living room.

"What movie did you get?"

"Mulholland Drive, I've wanted to see it for a while. It's about an amnesic woman trying to figure out who she is."

"Oh, that sounds interesting."

The doorbell rang.

"That must be the pizza, let me get it."

Elise paid the delivery person and put the pizza on the coffee table. We grabbed a few drinks and started the movie. It was somewhat difficult to follow, but interesting nonetheless. Everything seemed normal until the lesbian sex scene.

Uncomfortably, I looked at Elise. Oh my gosh, she definitely wasn't wearing a bra and obviously turned on! Her erect nipples poked through her shirt and her legs squirmed a little. I must've been staring because she caught me looking, but didn't say anything, only looked back at me.

We stared into each other's eyes in silence. Instinctively, I moved my body towards Elise until our thighs touched. Elise looked down at our thighs, then back into my eyes as if to tell me she knew what I was going to do. My right hand moved nervously until it touched the top of her hand. I squeezed her hand as I leaned towards her and closed my eyes. Lightning coursed through my body as our lips touched. The moment seemed to last forever, but I finally moved back and opened my eyes. Elise looked back at me in almost disbelief.

"I-I-I'm, um, exhausted from work; I'm going to bed early, sorry."

After Elise said that, neither of us moved. I finally broke the silence, "Um, ok, do you have an extra pillow and blanket?"

Elise laughed nervously, obviously uncomfortable with the situation, "Oh, you can sleep in my bed, you know, like old times."

We both got ready for bed in the bathroom. As I walked to her bed, I unconsciously took off my shirt as I normally would at home. She must've gotten a good look at my breasts before I noticed her staring at me.

"Is there a problem Elise?"

"Umm, you're not wearing a shi-shi-shirt, or a b-b-bra." She stuttered with a concerned face.

"Oh, I'm so sorry, I usually sleep topless, I'll put my shirt back on."

"You don't have to, I uh, am just not used to it."

"Are you sure? I don't want to make you uncomfortable."

"No, you're fine, don't worry about it. Sorry for the overreaction."

I noticed her nipples were still erect. We both got in her bed.

"Good night."

"Good night."

My eyes closed, but I couldn't go to sleep, all I could think about was Elise. Her erect nipples, her legs squirming, the kiss, it was so hot. I just laid there with my eyes closed, too many thoughts going through my mind to sleep. Half an hour flew by before I heard Elise turn her back towards me.

After a few minutes, I thought I heard moaning. She couldn't be I thought! My earned honed in; she WAS moaning, albeit very silently. My body froze, I couldn't believe it, she was masturbating!

The rhythm of her hands slowly increased while her legs moved in unison.

"Mmmm, Mmmm, Mmmm."

Her moaning became louder and louder as she neared orgasm.

"Mmmmmm, Ahhh, Ahhh, Ahh."

There was no mistake at this point; I could hear her juices as she fingered herself faster and faster. Her moans synchronized with her fingering.

"Ahhh, Ahhhh, Ahhh, Oooooohhh!"

I could feel her shaking as she orgasmed.

"Aaaaaahhh, ahhhh, ahhh, mmmm, mmm..."

Her rhythm slowed and eventually stopped as the orgasm subsided. A minute or two passed before her hands moved. All of a sudden, I heard her licking and sucking her fingers.

By this time, my panties were soaked and it took all my willpower not to masturbate myself. Elise pulled her pajamas back up and fell asleep. I waited and made sure she was sleeping before I snuck to the bathroom and pleasured myself.

Chapter 4: Shopping

The shower was running when I woke up; Elise must be in there. I got up, put on my shirt, and thought about what happened last night. Everyone masturbates, but Elise made me so horny. I wonder what would've happened if I "helped" her masturbate. What would she taste like?

The showered turned off and I could hear Elise getting of the shower and drying herself off. A few minutes later, she was walking into the bedroom.

"Did you sleep well last night?"

I smiled and responded, "Yes, I did, you have a really big bed."

"Good, I have plans for today, so you'd better get ready, shower is all yours."

Hmm, I wonder what she has planned. As I looked at her, I imagined what she looked like under her bathrobe. What if I walked up to her, tore it off, and started kissing her? Sigh, I really need to stop thinking about it.

I quickly took a shower and got dressed. I wore my usual sneakers, jeans, and shirt. Elise wore the same thing except she had a different shirt on. We spent the day exploring downtime Seattle with Elise as my guide.

Elise seemed to have conservative wardrobe so I teased her into buying a dress that showed off her legs and figure.

"You look so sexy Elise; you'll have guys lining up to talk to you!"

"Oh, shut up, you can stop making fun of my wardrobe now."

She glared at me for a good while. God, she is so cute when she does that.

We grabbed a late lunch at a local seafood restaurant. Elise ordered the "Seafood Plate," a giant steamed plate full of every imaginable sea creature. We were both hungry from walking all morning and started eating as if we had just stopped fasting.

Elise was always a bit of a messy eater. I actually had to take a napkin and wipe some seafood bits from the side of her face.

She looked at me embarrassingly and said, "thank you."

By the time we got home in the evening after having dinner, we were exhausted.

"Sarah, I'm sorry to ditch you like this, but I'm exhausted and I need to work tomorrow. But, I loved hanging out with you, how about we do it again next week?"

"Same here, I would love to, how about at my place next week?"

"Sounds good, I'll call you later in the week."
