 It was the summer of my eighteenth year. As everybody knows, summer in New York City is hot and sticky and miserable, and this summer was especially hot. My name is Andrea and I live with my family in a small apartment in a neighborhood called Morningside Heights. It's not too far from the Columbia University campus, but it might as well be a thousand miles. The people on my street drive cabs, work in food services or low-end retail. Or they're just plain dirtbags.

On a Saturday afternoon in July it was hotter than ever. We have a couple of window air conditioners in our apartment, but it's not enough. Still hot. That day, my cousin Melanie and her mom came over. Mel's 23 now and works as a waitress. Over a year ago, when I was 16, Melanie showed me a lot of stuff that two girls can do to give each other pleasure. I guess you could say she corrupted me, but I'm not complaining. She opened up a whole new world to me and I love playing with girls now, but I've only been with one girl besides her. It's not easy to find girls who want to play. And I need to be careful because I don't want my parents to find out.

Melanie is a very sexy girl. She has dark hair like me, but her eyes are dark brown and mine are light green. She's also a lot more filled out than I am. Where I'm pretty thin and have smallish breasts, she's a lot more rounded, womanly, and has big 36D boobs. Part of me still thinks that the things we've done together are wrong—she is my cousin, after all. It's supposed to be wrong because we're family, but it feels sooooo good I can never say no to her.

It was too hot in the apartment to cook dinner, so we decided to have a picnic in Central Park. The park is only six blocks away and everybody heads there in the summer to get away from the hot streets. We were done eating and Mel and I were sitting on a blanket a little ways from where our parents sat. They were drinking beer while we girls had ice cream we bought from a vendor in the park.

As usual, Melanie was wanting to get in my pants. I was wearing loose gym shorts and she kept sliding her foot up my leg and trying to get it all the way up inside my shorts. "Andy baby," she said, "you know they'll be going out later and we can be alone." Part of me wanted to tell her no, but another part knew that I wouldn't. I could feel my panties getting wet just thinking about it.

About that time I noticed a girl walk by on the path. She was blonde and very pretty and looked lost. I was wondering how I could meet her when she came over to where Mel and I were sitting. She explained that she had just got to the city that day. She was on vacation with her family but they had got separated during a street festival. The battery in her cell phone was dead and she didn't know which hotel they were staying in. The sun was going down and she was starting to get scared. Could we help her?

I was thinking, wow she's got beautiful blue eyes and such a kissable mouth when my mom came over and asked what was up. We found out her name was Elizabeth, Elli for short, and she was 19. Her family was visiting New York from their home in Ontario. We gave her some food and a cold drink. Elli was wearing shorts and a halter top and her body was fantastic—toned and fit, with curves in all the right places. I caught myself looking at her legs and I thought, you perv! This poor girl needs our help and all you can think about is sex!

It was all arranged in a few minutes. Elli would come back and stay with us until we could find her family. I told her to help herself to the shower and gave her one of my t-shirts to put on, and threw her clothes in the washer. Melanie was right—our parents said they were going out for a while and we should make Elli feel at home. I showered too and put on a white tank and a pair of pink string bikini panties.

We watched TV until Elli said she was really tired. All that time I must have been staring at her face, thinking how beautiful she was. Her lips were very full and reminded me of Scarlett Johansson. Melanie was winking at me and making rude gestures when Elli wasn't looking, but I tried to ignore her. I was feeling protective towards this girl, even though she was older than me, and I thought Mel was being a jerk. We decided that Elli would sleep with me in my bed and Melanie would take the couch. I told myself I would be a good girl and stay on my side of the bed.

When we got in bed Elli and I talked. I asked about her life and before long the whole story poured out of her. She'd had a boyfriend for over a year and just recently they'd had sex for the first time. But as soon as he got what he wanted the bastard had ditched her and told his friends she was a slut. Elli started to cry, and I automatically put my arms around her, letting her cry on my shoulder. I kissed her damp blonde hair and then kissed the tears from her cheeks.

I swear I didn't mean for it to happen but after many kisses my mouth found her lips. They were salty with tears but sweet at the same time. I felt her body stiffen. "Relax," I said. "I'm going to make you forget all about that creep."

She said, "I don't know...I've never..."

"Shhhh," I said, putting my finger to her lips. "We won't do anything you don't want to do. If something doesn't feel right just tell me to stop." I kissed the top of her head again. Her hair smelled wonderful and I pressed my nose against it. Then I kissed her ear and nibbled on it gently and licked all the way around it. When my tongue went in her ear I heard her gasp and felt her shiver. I figured I was doing something right.

I kissed her lips again and this time she responded. The tip of her tongue came out and I licked it. In seconds we were locked in a deep passionate kiss, our tongues swirling around together and probing each other's mouths. "Oh god, Andrea," she said. "I don't know what's come over me."

"Don't fight it," I said, and kissed her some more. We kissed like that for a while: it might have been an hour or it might have been five minutes. She kissed better than anyone has ever kissed me. I was on top of her, her leg between mine. My little kitty was craving attention and I very slowly started to rub it on her leg. She didn't tell me to stop. I was afraid to take it any further and drive her from my bed, but I wanted her so bad. Very cautiously I moved my hand up until I could feel her boob through the t-shirt. I thought, Please let her be okay with this.

I felt her nipple get stiff under my fingers. She kissed me even harder and the urgency of her kiss told me she was mine. I lifted the hem of her shirt and she helped me take it off. I realized then that I hadn't given her any clean panties to wear, and she was naked under that shirt. The only light in the room came from the neon signs and streetlights outside the window, and in that shifting light I gazed in wonder at her body. It was so beautiful I just had to touch her all over. My hands wandered across her stomach, her arms, shoulders, memorizing every curve. Finally I reached her perfect tits.

Elli sighed with pleasure as I sucked on one, then the other pink nipple. I was in heaven. This lovely girl was naked in my bed and she wasn't pushing me away. After a while I kissed my way down her tummy, and I felt her tighten up. I went on past the place I wanted most and kissed her thighs. When I reached the little hollow place at the top of her thighs I stopped and pushed her legs apart. Her mound had a small patch of sparse blonde hair and the lips of her sex were shaved. I could see her moisture seeping out, and I could just make out her delicate scent. It looked like a ripe juicy peach just waiting to be eaten.

I looked up into her face and she was looking down at me. I could see the mixed emotions in her eyes. She looked a little apprehensive and a lot excited. Mostly she just looked good. "God you're beautiful," I said as I lowered my face to her cunt. I kissed her puffy outer lips then ran my tongue all the way up her wet slit from bottom to top, circling her clit. She moaned her encouragement. I plunged my tongue into her fuckhole as deep as it would go, tasting the nectar that flowed from her. She was delicious.

I licked a finger and slid it inside her, feeling around for that special spot. When I found it she whimpered. I worked a second finger inside her and began to lick all around her clit without quite touching it. "Oh god Andrea, please...." she said. 

I pulled out my fingers and held them to her lips. "Taste," I said. "It's so good."

Elli only hesitated for a second, then took my slippery fingers in her mouth and licked them clean. "Please...my...my clit" she said hesitantly.

"Is this what you want?" I asked, licking her clit with the flat of my tongue as I finger fucked her.

"Oh yes," she cried. "Yes...yes...oh god yes...YES! YES! YES!" I had my hands under her ass, holding her pussy to my face as she came, hips bouncing, her head thrashing back and forth on the pillow. It was a beautiful sight, and made my cookie throb with need. Her orgasm went on for a good long time and I knew nobody had ever made her cum like that before. Her cream was flowing and I drank it up. As her tremors died down I continued to lap at her slit. My cheeks and chin were wet with Elli's sweet juice and I liked it.

Just then there was the sound of someone clearing her throat. I looked towards the door and there stood Melanie. "Well, well," she said. "Is this the kind of help our little waif needed then?"

End of Part One. To be continued in Part Two....

(Author's note: This is my only story written in first person. Any comments and suggestion are always appreciated.)