 Authors Note: I wanted to try practicing with something more hardcore and less fluffy and slow-burn. Let me know what you think, and what you think needs work! This one is set in the 1940's. (still lesbian though, because god damn if I don't have a type.)

***

The oven door opens, the sweet smell of red velvet cupcakes pouring out. I've perfected the extravagant dish over a couple years of marriage, searching through and adapting dozens of recipes from all around the neighborhood. My husband Andrew likes them fine. He prefers brownies over cupcakes but it doesn't matter much. They aren't for him.

Hands wrap around my waist, pulling me in closely while I take the pan out. I sink back into them, filling me with more warmth than the oven could. I set the cupcakes down on the trivet and fully embrace the presence wrapping around me. 

"We shouldn't do this right now sweetie." I say.

"Oh, it's fine, they're just cupcakes, they can wait."

"The cooking isn't the problem. Andrew's home, he could walk in at any time."

I spin around to look at the person holding me tight. The muscular brunette swoops her head down and sneaks a deep, strong kiss before I can even react to it. I make the most feeble attempt to stop it, but give in wholly. It takes me more than a few seconds for me to regain control.

"Alright, I'm serious, we're pushing our luck. Plus, I've just made a mess in this kitchen and we can't be having a dirty kitchen now can we Cassy?" I say, finally breaking free.

Cassy has been our live in maid for about six months, and my personal fucktoy for about five. My husband is fine, a bit milquetoast and shrimpy, but I really do love him. It just so happens that I also love when a six foot one, 170 pound, extremely fit and beautiful woman ravages me for hours on end. Why shouldn't I be allowed to have both?

"Listen," Cassy says as she wets her lips and gets to work cleaning the kitchen. "When Andrew goes out with his bowling group tonight, you're going to come out to the living room wearing the lingerie you bought, and nothing else."

I quickly start to sweat in my clothes, one particular area wetting much quicker than the rest. She stops cleaning and turns, towering over me.

"Then, I'm going to eat that cute pussy of yours until you beg and scream out my name. I won't let up until the whole neighborhood hears you beg. Then, and only then am I going to fuck you until you can't remember his name."

My mouth goes dry, my entire body tingles, and my heart flutters. Her gaze penetrates me, eyeing me like something to be had. It sends shivers through me. 

She pivots and starts wiping the counters in one incredibly quick and fluid movement while I'm still stuck in place. She must have heard the footsteps way before I did, because by the time I realized what was happening, another voice pierces the tension.

"Hey hon... Woah, more cupcakes huh? Wow, what a treat! They look delicious, can I grab one?" Andrew walks over to the counter, oblivious. It's enough for me to regain my senses as he grabs a warm cupcake from the tin and bites in, no frosting. 

"You look a little flushed sweetie, you feeling okay?" He asks between bites of red cake. 

I clear my throat before answering.

"Y... Yea, I'm fine Andrew, thank you. Just the heat from the oven is all." I grab the half of the dessert from his hands before he takes another bite. "And don't eat any more of these before I've frosted them! Try not to eat them all again dear."

"I swear last time I only had one or two of them." 

"I may have...eaten some of yours last time Mr. Davis. I just couldn't help myself, Mrs. Davis' treats are just so irresistible, aren't they?" Cassy chimes in, her words aimed directly at me, despite her addressing my husband.

"Cassandra, I expected more from you! Mrs. Davis truly does spoil you. Ahh well, you are such a help around here that maybe you deserve a bite or two." 

"More than a bite." Cassy says under her breath. 

"Okay Andrew, out out, I still have to make the frosting and start up dinner. Let us ladies run off at the mouth a bit." I give him a warm smile. 

"Alright, alright, I can tell when I'm intruding. I'll just be sitting at the table darling, holler if you need me." He walks out of the kitchen, letting the revolving door flap closed behind him.

I don't move from my spot for some time, a contemplative look frozen across my face I'm sure. Cassy slowly stops cleaning and spins around to me.

"I've just decided." She says, after eying me for a moment.

"Oh? And what have you decided?"

"That I'll be spoiling my dinner tonight." 

With that, she quickly wraps her strong arm around my waist and effortlessly pulls me in close. I expect a kiss coming, so I quickly close my eyes and slightly pucker my lips, but it never comes. 

"So expectant, Mrs. Davis. So presumptuous." 

I open my eyes, disappointed. 

"Then what, pray tell, do you think you're doing?" I say in a raspy whisper, "Andrew is JUST outside that door and could come in at any time, or he could hear you playing these silly games. You will wait until he's left, and that's final." My voice betrays my words. They quiver, my breath heavy with excitement. 

"Mmm. As you wish, Misses." She says with her up played servant voice. She releases her hands from my back, leaving me cold. Cassy pushes the door to the kitchen, and retires to the dining room, where my husband waits.

I heat up the stove and start prepping some mixed vegetables and some beef for meatloaf. I hear a brief muffled conversation, then I hear Andrews favorite record playing softly. Moments later, Cassy comes back through the swinging door.

"Off. Now." Cassy says, sternly. 

"Excuse me?" 

"You heard me. Drop it." She says it like she's asking a dog to drop a chew toy. 

I stand still for a moment. Unsure if I should indulge this or not. My body reacts without my knowledge. I wordlessly untie the bow done up behind me and my apron drops to the floor.

"All of it."

I swallow hard, each breath becoming longer and deeper than the last. I slowly undo the bow on the front of my dress, holding the top together. The fabric drapes open, exposing my bra and a considerable amount of cleavage. It embarrasses me to be so turned on just from her telling me to do this. I pull one side of the fabric off my shoulder, then the next.

As soon as I release the fabric, the whole dress falls to the ground in a pile, leaving me standing in front of Cassy in my bra, panties, and my garter belt and stockings.

"Mmm. Good girl." Cassy walks to me until she's so close that she has to look directly down at me. She takes my chin in her hand, putting her thumb on my lips. Her other hand resumes it's past position, this time resting just above my butt. 

I slowly spread my lips and draw her thumb in, sucking it gently. She licks and bites her lips. I look up at her, putting on my puppy dog eyes I know she loves. Her hand deftly unhooks the strap holding my bra together, letting it fall into the heap of clothes building on the floor. The sudden coolness on my bare nipples startles me and I gasp and shutter. 

Cassy withdraws the thumb from my mouth, brushing the wet digit over my nipple. The warmth of her hand with the wetness of her finger makes it stiffen quickly. While I'm distracted by the new sensation, she lowers the hand resting on my back. She angles it down to grab a strong handful of my ass. 

The pain from her powerful grip causes me to gasp slightly. She takes the opportunity of my mouth opening to press her mouth to mine, her tongue almost immediately darting in and dominating me. She's playing me like a fiddle and she knows all the right notes. I can't help but moan into her, whimpering at her touch. 

I feel my legs leave the ground. I instinctively wrap my hands around her for stability. She holds me in the air for a moment, her left arm acting as a seat while her right arm holds my back. My legs wrap around her waist, my wet panties rubbing against her dress. 

Cassy doesn't wear a standard maids uniform. She wears a black, flared button up shirtwaist dress with white rings around the skirt portion. It's mostly sleeveless, and shows off her toned, buff shoulders and arms all too well. 

I have no doubt that she could have held me there for hours and still thoroughly pleasure me, but she eventually sets me down on the cool kitchen counter. I expect her to kiss me more, maybe play with my breasts, but she instead reaches down to rip my panties off. I learned some months ago to wear my panties on the outside of my garter to avoid spending a fortune in new panties.

She kneels down, face inches from my dripping pussy. 

Then she stops.

"Beg."

"What?" I say, breathlessly, and trying in vain to keep my voice down.

"I said I was going to make you beg until the whole neighborhood heard, so beg." Cassy says, her words dripping with dominance. 

"But... but you said you'd to that AFTER, and I quote 'eating my cute little pussy'." I say, completely thrown off.

"Okay, fine." She says, standing up. "I guess you don't want it then."

"NO, please." The words shoot out of me, much louder than I intended. I freeze for a moment. From the dining room I hear Andrew call out.

"You okay hon? Need me to come help with something?" He shouts over the music.

"Answer him." Cassandra growls, getting back onto her knees.

"Uh... No, sweetie, all fine in here, just..." Before I can finish my sentence, I feel Cassy's breath on my mound before her tongue licks the full length of my lips. 

I moan and convulse from the unexpected pleasure that shoots through me. 

"Honey?" Andrew calls out.

"Sorry, busy sweetie, just read your paper. Dinners almost done." I manage to get out.

Cassy kisses and licks my cunt slowly. She exults in sucking my clit into her mouth and slowly revolving her tongue around it. I lose myself in the feeling, letting the soft sounds of her getting me off lull me into a comfortable fugue state. 

I use my hands to play with her head, scratching her scalp and gripping tufts of her soft brown hair. Seemingly minutes go by while she teases and prods me with her tongue, oh so slowly. While I could spend hours like this, I crave much, much more. 

"Cassy please."

"Please what?" She says, mouth still on my lips, the vibration of her voice tickling me.

"More... I need you to fuck me Cassy, please. Please. You wanted me to beg, this is it. I need you. Any part of you."

"You're so cute when you're helpless like this. I might just leave you here, exposed and needy." She gives me one last lingering kiss on my pussy before standing up and kissing me deeply. She leaves my own taste on my lips before pulling away.

"Don't. Move. No matter who comes through that door. You hear me?" Her words, clear and absolute, shoot through me.

"I.." She quickly shuts me up with another strong kiss.

"No. If you want to touch yourself, play with these, but don't move another muscle." She pinches my nipples in her fingers, tugging slightly as she says "these." The move sends pleasurable pain to my core. With that, she turns and walks out the door, making sure to catch the swinging door and ease it closed as to not let it swing.

I convince myself I can make it without moving, but the tension, the palpable excitement, it all becomes too much. I last about thirty seconds before my hands move to grope my tits. I knead and massage them, pulling and pinching at my own hard nipples. I resist the urge to move the action down to my mound, for fear of Cassy denying me if she were to catch me. 

My mind races with the possibility that Andrew could walk in looking for dinner to find me in this sorry state. I've been able to explain away some pretty risque things, but I don't think there would be any explanation for me sitting on the counter wearing nothing but a garter belt and stockings, dripping wet and playing with my own breasts. 

I've thought about just telling the man about my affair and taking my chances with Cassandra, but I haven't been able to bring myself to do it. A part of me thinks sneaking around and the thought of getting caught makes it more exciting. I'm reminded of the time Cassy snuck into our bedroom and took me right there, Andrew sleeping just next to me.

She had teased something interesting earlier that day but explained nothing else. I went to bed that night a bit disappointed that nothing had happened. Then, about an hour into laying down, Andrew snoring next to me, the door creaked open. It was hard to see in the dark of the night, but Cassy very clearly walked across the room wearing nothing. She quietly stepped over to my side of the bed and made a shushing motion. I knew immediately what she aimed to do, and was unable to voice my objections for fear of waking my husband.

She carefully peeled the covers from the side inwards, revealing me in my negligee. She kissed me slowly, and quietly, but was sure to do so fully. I later realized she did this more to prevent me from making any noise as she snaked her hand down my stomach and over my pussy. She slowly rubbed her hand back and forth, easing me into the situation, before curling her two middle fingers into me. She painstakingly pistoned her fingers in and out of me, rubbing against my walls. 

It took much longer to get me off than it normally does, due to her having to go slowly and quietly. She typically brings me off screaming and gasping for air, but this was a calm, encompassing orgasm. Like scratching a whole body itch, or sneezing for three minutes straight. When I was done, she withdrew her hand from me and sucked her fingers into her mouth. She finished the night off by french kissing me for another few minutes. I essentially fell asleep with her mouth around mine. It was the best sleep I had in quite some time. 

I'm pulled out of my flashback by the door swinging open.

I practically jump out of my skin and visibly lift off the counter some before realizing that it's just Cassy. That doesn't stop my heart from pounding, but the relief of it being her overshadows any worry I had. She again lets the door close softly before turning back to me.

"You weren't playing with yourself, were you?" She asks, walking in closer to me.

"No, I wa-"

"No, what?"

"No...Ma'am." I say, sheepishly. "I was doing as you asked, teasing my breasts and waiting for you. I was thinking of that night... The night... next to Andrew..." 

"Did you like when I did that? When I took what was mine next to your oblivious husband? When I did... this?" Cassy lowered her voice to a whisper leading up to the last word, when she repeated the motion she preformed that night. I collapse into her chest as she strokes inside me. She pulls her fingers out with one last firm drag. 

"That was then... I've got something even better planned for this time. " She brings her hands down to the hem of her dress. Cassy lifts the fabric up and lets a good sized mass spring out. A flesh colored dildo attached to a pair of black panties sits at her waist. At first she holds the dress just above the strap on before removing the dress entirely. Her breasts drop free, bouncing slightly.

"What on earth is that Cassy? I want *you* inside me, not some piece of plastic." I say to her, slightly disappointed. 

"Give it a chance, I think you'll be... pleasantly surprised how real I can make this feel. Just think of it as an extension of me. We'll be more connected than ever." She's dropped some of her dominating demeanor in favor for a more comforting tone. Cassandra moves in close, standing between my legs and resting her big, strong hands on my hips. Seeing her face to face, staring into her beautiful brown eyes like this... I can't help but feel safe...to trust her. 

"Okay, but... Is now really the time to be experimenting? I mean we've been in here for some time now, Andrew's going to start wondering."

"Before I threw on my friend here, I talked to the Mr. I asked him to run out to the supermarket to pick up a few things. He'll be gone for at least twenty minutes. That's plenty of time to get you taken care of. Now where were we?"

Cassy slowly leans in close, not breaking eye contact. Her forehead presses against mine, my mouth eagerly nipping at hers. She teases my lips apart with her teeth, biting just hard enough to cause a sensation, but not hard enough to hurt. She never hurts me. With every meeting of our lips, our tongues, a hundred tuning forks ring out in perfect harmony, buzzing the very air around us. 

With one final push back and a loud smack, she releases her tender grasp on my mouth. Cassy swallows hard, and in a rare moment, needs to catch her breath. I had hardly noticed that all the while we were making out, she was stroking her fake cock back and forth, putting pressure on her own wetness. 

I reach my hand down and place it on top of hers, slowly following her movement back and forth. Eventually, I pried her hand off the dildo and continued things on my own. It was soft in my hand, but plenty sturdy. It wasn't too far off from the real thing, just a slight bit colder, and the features less pliable. I could imagine it plunging into me and didn't hate the idea.

It's not often Cassy lets me pleasure her. She prefers to keep control of the situation. When I spoke to her about it before, she explained that seeing me go from hot and bothered to completely satisfied; the feeling of turning me into clay for her to do with what she pleases, was better than any orgasm. 

This was one of the rare times that Cassy let me show her any pleasure, even if it was through a proxy. I luxuriated in it. I wanted to repay all the times she had made me feel so mind numbingly good. I twist her strap on, push it in, twist it to the other side and pull back. I repeat this stroke over and over, watching as her eyes close. Cassy leans her head back, soft moans escaping from her contorting mouth. 

Her hands mindlessly knead at my hips, her fingers squeezing into the flesh of my butt. I look down to her mound and see in the small gap that forms when I pull; there seems to be a small black nub on the inside of the strap on that rests inside her. A smile creeps along my face as I have the tantalizing opportunity to truly make her moan. 

I grip the cock in my hand and bend it downward, forcing the small nub up and into her clit, the small smooth cylinder no doubt rubbing it in circles. Her hips involuntarily buck, rubbing the length of her cock on the inside of my thigh. The head of the fake dick stopping just inches from my entrance. 

Cassy snaps out of her stupor. She clasps her hands tighter around my waist and uses her athletic arms to lift me straight up and into a floating hug. I'm fairly used to this move, my muscles moving on their own to wrap my arms around her with my legs grabbing around her waist. I didn't stop to think that there was not a protrusion in-between us. The soft dildo glides up between my pussy lips and rests there, sending an odd, but nonetheless immensely pleasuring feeling radiating out from my core. 

Cassy bucks her hips up, lagging for a just a moment before dragging the dick back through my folds. I can hardly imagine this is her first time wearing this device, the way she moves it as if it were truly connected to her. Hell, not even Andrew could move his cock like this. 

Just as I'm starting to get used to the feeling of her between me, she thrusts just a bit lower than the previous times. The bell end pushes just a few centimeters deeper into me. It feels as if Cassy is going to fully enter me, then she readjusts out and through. The precision with which she can accurately stop just at my opening blows my socks off with every pump. 

Cassy keeps her mouth occupied with mine, somehow able to think about the motion of her hips and her tongue as effortlessly as walking and talking. She stops the head of her strap on where it's just kissing my pussy. 
