 Warning: This work contains scenes of women having sex together, without men. If this offends you, do not read it! People who complain to the authors here about the content of their stories are, IMNSHO, just like people who move next to the airport and then complain about the noise... Constructive criticism is always welcome, but closed-minded rants have no place here. 

x o x o x o x o x o x o 

This is an actual email exchange between myself and an online friend. I have changed her name to respect her privacy, but other than that, this is what we wrote to each other. It starts with my email to her after we had chatted about an all-girl swing party she had been to. I hope you like! 

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * 

Amy...

Chatting with you yesterday got my mind racing. The images were sooooo hot, it made me think about what might happen if I had been there with you. 

I meet you at your house, so we can go to this party together. I am wearing a short white sundress, with only the tiniest thong underneath. When you open the door, I step through it, then slip my arms around your neck and kiss you. You are wearing a knee-length velvet dress, but it is slit all the way up one side to your hip.

I press my body into yours, loving how your hands feel as they cup my ass and pull my hips tight to yours. Our mouths are pressed together, tongues dancing wildly. My hand moves to your breast and I can feel your nipple through your dress, already erect for me. I take it between my thumb and forefinger and roll it, twisting and pinching it. You moan into my mouth as our bodies move together.

I open my legs then step forward so I am straddling your bare thigh, as you are mine. I know that you must be able to feel how wet I already am for you. Your hands move under my dress to cup my ass, and I feel your finger slip inside my thong. I moan as your fingertip dips into my wetness, and arch my hips forward, then back against your hand. Your finger moves up to tease my clit, and I moan louder as we kiss hungrily.

You break the kiss and step back. I look at you, wondering why. You smile and say, "Just be patient, baby, we have plenty of time..."

I smile back, and say, "I have a surprise for you, Amy..."

You look at me. "Do tell..."

I reach into my pocket and pull out a thin white collar, and a matching leash. I put the collar around my neck, and hand you the leash. "This is for tonight, I want everyone to know I am yours and yours alone..."

You have called a cab, so neither of us needs to be concerned about driving. It arrives, and we climb in back. I put my legs across yours, and we begin to kiss again. The cab driver is a woman, but I can see she is watching us in the mirror, with a big smile on her face.

When we arrive at the party, the cabbie jumps out and opens the door for us. "You ladies enjoy the party, and thank you for riding in my cab. That was the nicest thing I have seen back there for a long, long time!" she says with a smile.

You take the leash and click it in place. We walk to the entrance, with you leading. We move to the locker room, and you remove my sundress. I am wearing just the tiniest of thongs, a little square of white lace with thin strings across my hips and down the crack of my ass. My nipples are very hard, sticking out proudly.

When we enter the main room, I can hear people talking and pointing at us. I don't care, I am proud and aroused to be next to you. You find a seat and I kneel between your legs. I rest my head on your bare thigh and you stroke my hair. Several women come up and talk to you, and compliment you on your "sub." You just smile and say over and over how lucky you feel to have found me.

But I can tell you are enjoying the attention. Your legs are slowly opening, and I can see a wet spot on your thong. I can also smell your arousal, and the aroma is driving me crazy with desire.

I begin to kiss your thighs, and you moan softly. Your hands are still playing with my hair, and as I kiss and lick my way up your thighs, you are guiding my face upward to where we both need it. Soon I am licking your thong, running my tongue along your slit through the fabric, teasing the sensitive areas underneath.

You moan audibly and spread your legs wide for me. I take your thong in my teeth and slowly pull it down your legs until it is on the floor. Then I lick my way back up your legs. Your arousal is very obvious, your pussy is red and swollen and I can see your juices beginning to leak out.

When my tongue flicks out and over your clit, you gasp. Your hips slide down in your chair, pressing your mound forward into my face. I dart my tongue out, slipping it inside you then out and over your clit. Your taste is intoxicating, and I stretch my tongue as deep inside you as I can, reaching with it, curling it, loving how you taste.

Your hands are still in my hair, but now they are clutching it tightly, pulling my face in to meet your hips as they arch upwards. I lick you with long, slow strokes, starting deep inside you, then out and up, pressing my tongue against your clit and humming. 

I reach my hand upward, and run a fingertip along your slit. You are so hot, so wet, that my finger slides deep inside you easily. You moan, "Yesssss..." and I add a second finger. You put one leg over my shoulder, opening yourself even further for me. My fingers are sliding in and out, and I am sucking your clit and fluttering my tongue across it.

I curl my fingers together, then twist them inside you. I am sliding them in and out, twisting them, rubbing that special spot deep inside you. I take your clit between my teeth and gently bite it, and flick my tongue across it, barely touching it with light fast strokes. 

You are panting and moaning loudly now, every woman in the room can hear you and is jealous. Your hands are clutching my hair, pulling my face tight against you. When I reach up and take your nipple between my fingers, your body tenses. As I pinch your nipple hard, I can feel you getting ready to explode. Your hips are bucking up against me, and you are moaning with each thrust.

"Ohhhh... Ohhhh... Ohhhh... Ohhhh... Oh, God, Jessi, yessssss..."

Your body stiffens, and you scream, "YESSSSSS!!!!" I can feel your pussy throbbing around my fingers. I pull your nipple out away from your chest and suck your clit hard now, and jam my fingers hard and fast, wanting to extend your orgasm as long as pssible. Your moans continue, and with every pulse I can feel your juices running out onto my tongue. I keep licking and sucking, trying to get every single drop of your sweet nectar.

Finally your body relaxes and you whisper, "No more, baby, stop..."

I look up at you and smile. You look down at me and in my eyes, you see only the love that I have for you. You gently pull my head upward so we can kiss. I know you can taste yourself on my tongue, and I share it with you willingly. Your hands are roaming my body, cupping my ass, teasing my breast, you are pressing your calf into my mound. I grind myself into your lower leg, and you can feel that I am soaking wet, incredibly excited by having given you so much pleasure where everyone else can see.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * 

Okay, darling, it's your turn. Tell me what happens next... And I should be home from a little after 5:00 until about 6:30 (Pacific) on Thursday. I will check to see if you are online then, I hope you know how much I REALLY need one of our special chats!

Love ya,

Jessi

x o x o x o x o x o x o x o x o x o x o x o x o x o x o x o x o x o x o x o x o x o x o x o x o x o x o x o x o My precious Jess,

Let me continue the fantasy for you.....

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * 

After your mouth meets mine, I can sense your need for attention. Eagerly, I begin to trace your body with my nails. But, alas, as my touches are tender, your needs are obviously more passioned. You begin to grind your body into my thigh, moaning. A crowd begins to draw around us.

You are so very wet. I can smell your sweetness, and the thought of tasting it drives me insane. With a gentle tug on the leash, I raise you off the floor. Guiding you gently to the table at which we are sitting. Slowly and erotically you sit atop the table, tugging at your thong with a finger, tracing your slit. All the while, looking seductively in my eyes, licking your lips. You bring your finger to your mouth and lick it. Then, just as quickly, you return your hand to your sensuous slickness and rub frantically.... Just then, you take your hand away from your body and bring it to my face, where I begin to immediately suck, lap and lick every drop of your juice from it. 

At that moment in time, all I can see is you, your beauty, your sensuality and your temptress body. I want it so badly.... to take you to the highest levels of esctacy. 

You remove your hand from my mouth. I look at you confused. You motion to me with your head to look around us. Peering away from you, I see our table surrounded by women, each of them touching themselves in some fashion or form. We begin to watch together. The scene unfolding making us even hotter. 

As you watch the crowd, I notice your eyes. Seeing if there is any one woman who intrigues you more than another. Your eyes keep coming back to this beautiful red head. You watch her as she has one hand on her big nipple, tugging, and the other hand hidden under her red satin thong. 

Leaning over to you I whisper "Do exactly what she is doing and lock eyes with her". You lock eyes with the redhead. It is like she is doubly pleased that you have chosen her to "play". She begins to tug on her breasts even harder. You then take your own breast into your hands and tug. She begins to moan with pleasure, as then do you. Then she begins to strip out of her thong so you can see her neatly trimmed bush, equally firey red. You look at me questioning, and I give you the sign that all is fine. You remove your thong, and at that moment your scent lingers in the air so intensely that I have to fight for composure. Wanting to taste you, feel you, love you, is the only thought running through my mind. 

The red head begins to separate her lips, and you do the same. I move up behind you so I can see both of you and your actions. My hand begins to cup your ass. You move into my hands, hoping for more. The red head starts to slip her fingers into her pussy and you follow suit. 

Your wetness is everywhere and I take advantage of the slickness. As you are moving in and out in copy cat action to the red head, I slip my fingers into your nectar and guide it back to your ass. I slip one finger very tenderly into position. You are moving in time with the red head, moaning, the heat building.... almost unaware of my intentions. Then, I plunge into you. You are surprised yet the feel of my fingers moving with you drives you wild. This wonderful, sexy body of yours grinds into my hand, pushing deeper and harder. Your hands working on your pussy, while my finger is deep into your ass. 

I take my other hand and take your breast, tugging, pulling. I kiss your neck, your ears, your shoulders. You are intently watching the red head as she comes closer and closer to her climax. She moves forward. You are too close to ecstacy to budge. She continues to walk towards you. Then just as quickly, she bends down and begins to lick your pussy. I am kissing you, ass fucking you, and she is licking the juices I so truly love. You begin to buck with the excitement building. You are so close that your rectum is tightening. 

I remove my finger, gently push the red head out of the way, and move around to your front. I hold you tightly. I place my other hand on your precious mound, and begin to push my fingers into that wanting place of yours. You are soaking wet. You want to cum so badly.... I then move down, kissing your stomach, your labia and finally, I begin to lick your juices up. I insert a second finger. Separating my fingers so I can insert my tongue... adding pressure to your clit, licking deep within you. You are trembling. The red head begins to suck your nipples and your trembles are deeper. I insert a third finger and tug at your clit with my teeth. You are so close. So very close. Then I reach around your ass and reinsert my finger. You are now full in front and back with my hands. You bear down on my face, wanting me to take it all in. 

Then all of a sudden you begin to scream in orgasm. "Amy, please, fuck me". The redhead begins to kiss you, to muffle the screams. You are intense.... "fuck meeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee". I push harder with my fingers, tongue going in deeper and deeper. You fuck my face and tell me you want it more. I continue to give it to you, the way you love it so. Trembling walls of your vagina surround my fingers. Your ass is so tight with your climax that it is almost painful. My tongue is deep in you, licking, sucking, loving you. Your moans are making me feel so wonderful. Knowing that you are reaching your peak of excitement. Your bucking begins to subside.... the panting easing. 

"OOOOOOhhhhhh" comes from under the red head's kiss. It is then that I see you are fingering her and she is climaxing with you. You have brought joy to two red heads tonight. 

I remove my fingers from your spent pussy, and begin to trace your body with your juices. Following up with long, sensuous kisses. I finally reach your face and join the red head in kissing you. You move away from her face and hungrily go for my mouth. Our lips interlock, our tongues begin to dance and you take away from the kiss your sweet nectar. I hold you sweetly. 

The red head comes up to you and whispers in your ear "You are so hot together. What wonderful lovers you are." I hear her words and tell her "Baby, it is is pure passion and Jessi brings it out in me. She makes me want to love her". At that, you put your arms around my neck and give me the sweetest, most gentle kiss I have ever received. 

With a tender tear in my eye I say to you, "Sweetheart, let's go home, I want to make tender love with you tonight, to let you know how very special you really are to me". You look at me with that "Jessi smile" and my heart just sinks. 

We return to the dressing room, gather our wares and go outside to hail a cab. Amazingly, the cab we acquired is driven by the same woman we had earlier. You decide to reveal more than a kiss to her this go round. As you place your leg over mine, you slip your finger into your thong, and begin to slide it to one side. You grab my hand and guide it that magical place. Never one to miss the opportunity of fingering you, I gently push my thumb into your still wet pussy. I take it out and begin to lick at it. Then, I insert it again... take it out, and offer it to you. We play this way in the cab all the way home. 

Arriving at my house, the cab driver gets out of the car, opens up our door and this time says "You make me so hot watching you two. I could only think of you two all night long, so I kept waiting around the club in hopes you would find me again." We winked at each other, and I squeezed your body tight to mine. 

*******************

My precious Jess, the rest is for you to finish. I miss you terribly and want so much to ravish your body soon. 

Always, Amy 

x o x o x o x o x o x o x o x o x o x o x o x o x o x o x o x o x o x o x o x o x o x o x o x o x o x o x o x o One comment I would make (after "WOW!!! That was SOOOOO hot!") is that when you asked me to "...do exactly what she is doing and lock eyes with her", I would have done it in an instant, to please you. I have been having submissive feelings for some time now, hence the general theme of the story. But the idea of you taking me home and ravishing me all night and all day is incredibly exciting, too!

And so, back to the fantasy...

**************************** Before we exit the cab, I remove my thong. It is so wet it is nearly dripping. My mound is glistening with my juices as I revel in your touch.

We step out and stand next to the cab. At the cabbie's words, I take her hand and press it between my legs. She slides her finger tenderly inside me, then withdraws it and raises it to her lips. 

"Mmmmmmm, most delicious... You are a lucky woman!" she says, the last remark aimed at you.

"We are both lucky women!" I chime in. "Amy is the most amazing lover I have ever had..." I hand the driver my panties, and she brings them to her nose and inhales deeply.

The cabbie smiles and hands you her card. "If you ever need a cab again, please call me. Day or night, my home number is on the back!"

"We will, I can assure you!" you say, as we turn and head into the house. I slip my arm around your waist and put my head on your shoulder. Your hand drapes across my shoulder, and down onto the front of my dress, absently pinching my erect nipple.

We enter the house, laughing. "Amy, I think that cabbie was interested in you riding more than her taxi!"

You laugh and say, "Well, yes, Jessi, but she wanted you. That much was obvious... And to me, it looked like you wouldn't say 'no' if she came on to you!"

"Then why did she give YOU her number?" I shoot back.

"Because YOU were wearing the leash, darling..."

"Ohhhhh... Okay! But you have to admit, she WAS cute!"

"Yes, Jessi, she was cute. But I haven't waited this long just to share you with anyone, now that I finally have you here and all to myself!"

When we enter the kitchen, there is a note from your daughter that she is spending the night at a friend's. You hadn't explicitly told her why you wanted her out of the house tonight, but she is smart enough to figure it out for herself. You and she have talked enough about how much each of you is interested in making love with another woman. She has left the note, telling you where she is, and wishing you "Good luck, Mom!"

We laugh as we read that part, because we both know that "luck" has nothing to do with what has happened, and is yet to happen, tonight. You left a bottle of champagne to chill in an ice bucket while we were gone, and you take it and grab two flutes and then take the leash in your free hand. 

"Come with me, Jessi..." You say as you step out of the kitchen, tugging gently on the leash. I follow behind as you make your way to the master suite. You sit on the counter and pull your dress over your head. I kneel at your feet and look up at you. Your nipples are still puffy and red, and I can smell your arousal clearly. There is a big wet spot on your thong, and I raise my head to lick at that spot, teasing you through the red silk. You open your legs wider, moaning softly, then point at the large tub.

"Jessi, please draw my bath... I want to be clean for you."

Still on my knees, I turn on the water, making sure it is warm enough without being so hot you get burned. When the water is flowing, I turn back toward you. My hands reach for your thong, and I look at you questioningly. You nod, and I hook my finger in the strap then slide it down your thighs until it lies puddled at your feet. I take it in one hand and lift your feet with the other, one at a time, until your thong is in my hand. I raise it to my nose and inhale deeply, sighing as I do so, then begin to dart my tongue out and across the wet spot.

I toss your thong aside and place my arms on your thighs. My hands stretch up, and I use my fingertips to gently spread you open. I can feel how wet you are, and your scent fills my nostrils, making my head spin. As I spread you open, I can see your clit is erect, standing up and begging for attention. I cannot resist, I lean my head forward and flick the tip of my tongue across it. You gasp, and your hips arch up, almost on their own. You are thrusting your hips up, gently moving in the rhythm of love. My tongue dances all around your most private places. I am in heaven, giving pleasure to my darling Amy... 
