 No matter how many years it has been, everyone remembers their days in high school. All of those times when we were permitted to be free. The final days before adulthood and responsibility. Never worrying about consequences. Living life for today and not regretting yesterday or dreading tomorrow. Each day in itself brings a new adventure. 

Emily believed fully in this philosophy. She was a beautiful, blonde haired blue eyed angel. Angel in the sense of how she looked. But inside, she was wild. She loved to go out with the boys and have passionate sex...but never the same boy twice, she bored easily. And she loved hanging out with her girlfriends, talking about the boys and sex. Particularly Amber, her best friend. Amber and Emily could pass for twins, although Amber had long, curly blonde hair, while Emily's was short and straight. They had similarly athletic builds, and why not, they both ran track. But unlike many other athletic girls, these two were blessed with curves. And it worked to their advantage. Either girl could have any guy she wanted. And that's what they did. They made it into a game...how many men they could conquer. 

In their senior year of high school, both girls now being eighteen and still not wanting to grow up, they decided to try something new and joined the cheerleading squad. All throughout high school, they had made fun of the cheerleaders, as many high school kids do, but now it was different. They had a game to play, and there was no better way to show off their bodies than in those little skirts and tight shirts. They had all the men at the game drooling over them. And they loved it. 

The time had to come however, when their senior year was coming to an end. Both girls were a little sad to be leaving, but they still knew they had a whole summer ahead of them. 

The night before their last big game, the girls decided to have a sleepover. Just the two of them. Emily's parents were away for the night, so they rented movies and bought a lot of junk food. They talked about boys and gossiped, compared sex stories. All that junk food must have given them a sugar rush though, because they were wound up and had nothing to do with their energy. Emily had a brilliant idea. They were going to practice their cheering. Both girls jumped up to go put on their uniforms.

Amber beat Emily upstairs and they practically jumped out of their pajamas. For the first time, Emily began to notice her best friends body, and she was astounded at the warmth which soon turned to wetness between her legs at the sight of her naked friend. Amber didn't notice Emily staring as she put on her uniform and Emily said nothing to her friend. However, as Emily put on her own uniform, she conveniently forgot to put her bloomers on, leaving herself to be exposed if she so chose to do so. 

The girls ran downstairs to burn off their energy. The two girls yelled and jumped and did splits until they were lying exhausted on the floor. Emily had had so much fun, that she had forgotten her sexual thoughts towards Amber. But Amber soon made up for that. She lay there next to Emily and just watched as her breasts heaved up and down. She could see Emily's nipples poking right through the sweater. She too began to feel that familiar warmth between her legs. Although, she too had never felt it due to another girl. She welcomed this warmth, but decided not to make a move. 

Pretty soon, the girls sugar rush had died and they decided to head off to bed. They knew that they had a big day ahead of them and should get their rest. Amber didn't think she would be getting much sleep, however. She had already planned on masturbating after Emily fell asleep.

Emily's parents had a huge waterbed that they decided to sleep in. The girls dressed for bed, both wearing skimpy nighties that were intended to turn their men on. But it worked on girls too. Emily climbed into the bed with Amber soon to follow. Emily quickly fell asleep. Amber gently eased the covers off of Emily's small form and quickly undid the tie on the front of her own nightie. She had conveniently forgotten to put her own underwear back on...and from the looks of it, so had Emily. 

Amber ran her hand lightly across her tits, feeling her nipples stand instantly at attention. She did this for a few minutes, feeling that warmth spreading once again between her legs. She pinched lightly at her nipples, moaning softly as she did. All this time, she was concentrating on the body of her friend. The way her tits moved up and down. Down to her flat stomach as it caved in a little near her hips. Her long smooth legs that Amber had always admired. Pretty soon she stuck her fingers right in her tight pussy. She couldn't take it anymore, looking at her beautiful friend. Her pussy needed to release. She slid two fingers deep inside her while her thumb rubbed over her clit. She continued pinching her nipples with her other hand. She didn't realize that she was rocking back and forth as she did so. Pretty soon Amber was so into it that she didn't see Emily wake up. Watching Amber play with herself turned Emily on more than she had ever been before. She kept her eyes slightly open as she watched Amber's beautiful naked body start to glisten with sweat from her building orgasm. Emily could tell that Amber was about to cum so she took advantage of the situation.

Amber was so wrapped up in her orgasm that she didn't see Emily until their lips met. Emily thrust her tongue into Amber's mouth and Amber returned the kiss. Amber's hand reached around Emily, pulling Emily on top of her. Emily straddled Amber and sat up to remove her nightie and Amber was right...no panties either. She couldn't help but smile at this. Emily leaned back into Amber kissing her again, but more deeply. They rubbed their bodies together, feeling the others tits and pussy. Emily reached down and pinched Amber's nipple. Amber moaned at her touch. She bent her head down and traced circles around Amber's tits with her tongue. Amber ran her hand through Emily's hair, pulling at it slightly. 

Emily turned herself around on Amber. She was still on top of her, but now on her hands and knees above her. Amber lifted herself to Emily's dripping pussy and shoved her fingers into Emily. Emily's back arched with the pleasure. She fucked Emily with her fingers and sucked on her clit. She had never tasted anything so erotic. Her tongue flicked all around Emily's pussy. Licking and sucking and not getting enough of that sweet taste. She reached her other hand around and ran it over Emily's tight little ass. She spanked it as she continued to fuck her friend. Emily moaned with this new pleasure. Amber decided to take it a little further. She licked her finger then worked it into Emily's ass. Emily had never felt this before, but it was obvious she loved it. She was now rocking on her knees, trying to get Amber deeper into her. Amber continued to lick and soon she felt Emily's pussy pulsing around her fingers. She fucked harder and licked faster as Emily's body began to shake. Emily screamed out in enjoyment, clawing at the bedcovers as she did. She came hard and fast, and Amber was only too happy to lick her friends pussy clean. 

No sooner had Emily cum before she buried her own head into her friends sweet little pussy. She wanted to return the favor. She did just like Amber had done to her. Amber had a light musky scent that turned Emily on. She was almost ravenous, not licking enough of Amber's juices up. Her fingers thrusting deep into her friend, wiggling her fingers around Amber's G-spot. Amber leaned back up and began to lick Emily's pussy while her own was also getting licked. After all, she had already orgasmed once...and if she was going to again, Emily deserved two also. They girls started licking hungrily, grabbing at each others asses as if to pull themselves deeper inside. When they came it was amazing. Both girls came at once. They each continued to fuck the other with their fingers as they had to let out their own screams of pleasure. Emily's orgasm lasted a little longer but then they licked a little more just to clean the other up. Both girls were exhausted.

Emily turned herself around again to face her friend. Amber pulled Emily's lips to her own and they kissed once more. Now getting to taste their own hot juices. They licked at their lips and laid on their sides to face each other. They slept that night wrapped in each others arms. Every once in a while they would rub at the other. But there was no more sex that night. 

They didn't speak of the incident for a while. But soon Emily couldn't keep the secret any longer and told her current boyfriend. She knew he would go tell his friends. But that's what she wanted. Not long after, Emily and Amber were even more popular than before. They were fucking everyone, including each other. But that's another story altogether.