 I had known Nancy for a couple of months now. She was still fairly new to campus but we somehow found each other and hit it off right away. We enjoyed similar music, laughed at the same dumb movies, and would even eat the same odd foods. Realizing how much we had in common, we immediately became good friends. 

Everyone knew that Nancy was a lesbian. Everyone also knew I wasn't. But we ended up spending so much time together that after awhile, rumors started to fly. Nancy felt a little embarrassed for me. She knew I didn't swing that way. But I just ignored the comments and laughed at the awkward questions, always replying that we were both just good friends. It didn't really surprise me, being a senior now, how people could be so idiotic. Despite the rumors that flew, we continued to hang out in our normal manner. Our friends knew the truth and that's all that mattered to us. 

After our parents had become acquainted at an event at school, Nancy had invited me to stay the weekend at her house. I was excited and wanted to see if we had similar rooms (which while funny, would be a little creepy). I felt a little awkward asking my mother for permission seeing that I was already 18. But since I was still in high school, I always felt it was appropriate. She saw no problem with this, liking both Nancy and her parents. But the following morning before I left the house, back pack and duffle in hand, concern had apparently washed over her at night.

"Emily, before you leave for school, may I ask you something?"

"Sure, Mom. But can we make it quick. I'm already running a little late."

"Well, I just wanted to know if there was something going on...between you....and Nancy?"

I gave her a puzzled look, allowing the question to sink in. 

"Not that I would object to that kind of lifestyle. You should do what you want with your life. I just want to make sure that you know you can tell me anything if you feel the need."

With that I busted into hysterics, laughing. It was one thing having to hear it from my fellow classmates. But from my mother being curious as to whether or not I had changed my sexual preference, it was hilarious. 

"No, no, Mom. Nancy and I are just friends. Yes, she is gay. But just because we hang out a lot doesn't mean there's something go on."

She obviously didn't like the fact that I was laughing, scowling at me. I quickly apologized.

"Sorry, but you're not the first to ask that. It was funny."

"Well, I was just curious Emily."

"I know, but I'm not. Nancy and I are just good friends. It was a little hard for her having to transfer to a different school her senior year. And we get along very well. That's all. I would tell you anyways if I changed my mind on who I liked. I wouldn't be afraid to hold that from you."

My mom just nodded and I gave her a hug and left for school. I continued the rest of the day with my normal Friday routine. When I found Nancy at lunch, I explained that I could only stay one night, having to be at a family dinner the next evening. I also told her of my mothers question that morning and she laughed loudly to where heads turned to stare at us. Obviously, the reaction I knew she would have. She said she was surprised her parents hadn't asked her. But then again, they knew better.

When the day ended, I followed Nancy to her house. Since I had never been there, it was just easier to wait and follow her after her practice then to go somewhere else and then try to find it myself. As soon as we got there, she showed me her room. It was as I imagined with a large king bed, a coffee table in the center, and a futon on the side of the room. She explained that we could share her bed since it was big enough or she would sleep on the futon if I felt more comfortable that way. I opted for the bed since it was big enough for the both of us. 

We hung out in her family room, snacking on popcorn and playing video games on her original Nintendo, reliving memories of when we first used to play these games. When it was time for dinner, her dad ordered us a pizza since her mom was out of town on business. We decided to pop in a movie while we ate, laughing at the funny moments and gawking when something happened that was obviously unrealistic. When 10pm strolled around, we decided to head upstairs to give her dad some privacy. He had been doing work from home in the office adjacent to us the entire time. 

I quickly showered and she took one after me. While Nancy was showering, I walked around her room, looking at the various photos and knick knacks from her previous life before Wallace High. She seemed to be just as interesting then as she was now. And then I felt stupid for comparing the two lives like there was a major lapse between them. As I continued to look around, I came across an interesting photo of her and a really good looking guy. It was tagged behind some other photos so I took the liberty of pulling it out. 

In the picture, she was different. Her hair was longer and clothes were simpler. The guy she was standing next to had his hand intertwined with hers. Was this a boyfriend? Knowing Nancy was gay, I never really thought of the idea of her having a straight relationship. It was interesting, seeing Nancy in such a different format than what I was use to. I continued to stare at the picture, so mesmerized that I never heard Nancy leave the bathroom and come up next to me. 

"That's Danny."

I jumped. "Crap Nancy, you scared me!"

"Ha, sorry." 

"Who's Danny?"

"My ex-boyfriend. We dated freshman year at my old school. We're good friends now of course."

"I know this is going to sound like a stupid question, but what happened?" I was hoping I wasn't offending her. 

"Well obvious reason, we broke up. He was my first. But it just didn't work out."

"You didn't like it?" I was hoping the questions wasn't too private. 

"Well, it wasn't bad. I did enjoyed it. Despite our young age, Danny had an idea of what to do. But it just felt like something was missing. And whatever it was, he didn't have it. So I broke up with him. It wasn't long before I met Ashley, my other first, and figured out what was missing. Danny didn't speak to me for awhile though. But when I announced that I was gay my junior year, he was more understanding. Now were good friends."

It was interesting to hear about Nancy's past. And a private part of it. I was happy that she felt comfortable enough around me to let me know about her only male experience. I handed the photo back to her and she placed it back on the dart board. I don't know what prompted me to asked her what I did next.

"What's it like being with a girl?" Normally, that type of question wouldn't have shocked Nancy, but it did. 

"Wow, Em. I never knew you were curious about it." 

"Well, I honestly never really thought about it until now."

She pondered for a bit before trying to answer my question. "It's a little hard to describe. It's just different. There's still things that are similar. But another girl tends to have a better idea of what to do." 

I paused and waited, wanting to ask my next question but too scared to. She was able to see something was bothering me.

"What is it, Em?"

I gulped and decided that since we were in private, now was the best time.

"Nancy, could you show me?"

"Show you what?"

"What it's like to be with another girl?"

"Emily, I'm a little confused. Are you asking me to sleep with you?"

"Well, ever since people started asking questions, the thought has crossed my mind as to what it would be like to be with another girl. I figured if I was ever going to try it, I would want it to be with someone I was comfortable with. I'm comfortable with you."

"Emily, I do find you very attractive. And I'm very comfortable with you too. But think about what your asking. If we do this, once we get to a certain point, there's no turning back. I don't want to jeopardize our friendship."

I could tell that she was resisting, either out of fear or because she wasn't for sure if I was sure. But she seemed as eager as I was. As we stood there, closer to each other than I think either of us had noticed, I realized that I did know what I was asking for. And I didn't think the outcome would ruin our friendship. I knew it wouldn't. Otherwise, I wouldn't of asked. I wanted to indicate that I was sure, and that she didn't need to worry. I place my hand on her arm and pulled myself closer. 

"Nancy, I've thought about it. I'm not asking for a relationship. I'm asking for the experience." With that, I slowly kissed her on the lips. A held it there for a couple of seconds and then pulled away to see if she would follow. 

Nancy did, no longer asking me any more questions. She put her hands to my face and place her lips on mine again, holding her kiss there. When I parted my lips, welcoming her, she let her tongue enter mine. Her lips were smoother than any guy I knew. She was gentle in her kissing, her tongue wavering over mine. Our tongues fought life playful devices. My first kiss with a girl. 

While kissing, she slowly took us to her bed, laying down first and bringing me on top of her. She pushed me to my side and place one of her legs in-between mine, intertwining them. We kissed for what seem liked hours. Then she took her arms to my waist and tugged on my shirt, maneuvering it off my body. I laid there, in only short gym shorts and nothing else, completely topless. She then pulled her shirt off of herself and pulled me in closer to her, meshing our breasts into each other. This was the point of no return. 

My body became a curious mind of it's own as one of my hands found it's way to her breast and groped her. A small moan released from her mouth into mine. Even though I was new to this, I figured it I did to her what I liked being done to me, it could work. And it did. Her arms were caressing my back, moving up and down carefully and drawing circles. She ran her fingers in spots that I should have found ticklish but didn't. 

The in one fluid motion, she grabbed my butt with both her hands and slid me upwards, breaking our kiss and bringing my breasts up to her face. She immediately took my left breast into her mouth, sucking on the nipple. Every once in awhile she would stop and flick her tongue over it, causing sensations I didn't even know existed. I instantly wrapped my arms around her head and pushed her face closer to me. She continued to keep her mouth on my breast, only stopping once to switch to the other. Soft moans continuously left my lips as I writhe against her face and body, motioning how much I was enjoying it. 

I was enjoying the flicker of her tongue so much on my breast that I never noticed her right arm move around from my back and to the front of my waist. Her fingers were clasped around my waist band. I felt her bring her palm upwards to my lower belly and slowly move her hand downwards underneath my shorts and underwear. She moved her fingers into the folds of my vagina and sought out my clit. When she found it, she immediately began to draw circles around it causing my body to jump. I must of scared her because she quickly pulled her hand out and away. 

"I'm sorry. I didn't mean to scare you."

"No. Please, don't stop." I never realized how heavy my breathing was until that moment when I had to speak. 

She put her hand back and continued to draw circles around my clit. My pelvis moved against her hand in rotating movements. She took this as a sign as a want for more and moved her hand further down, entering two fingers into my vagina. My body jumped again from the pleasure her hand was giving me. This time, she did not pull away. She just continued to move her fingers in and out of me, placing them far enough in to run her fingers across my g-spot right before she pulled back each time. 

"Oh, god, Nancy." The feeling was unimaginable. She knew where to touch and how. The speed she should use and when she should be strong and when she should be soft. She knew what to do to get me going at the pace I was now at - something my past two boyfriends could barely do. 

"Nancy, I'm going to come." Each word broke out inbetween moans.

"No, not yet." She pulled her hand out of my shorts and turned me on my back. She then got up off the bed and tugged at the sides of my shorts pulling them off my waist and down my legs, taking my underwear with them. When she placed them to the side, she pulled her shorts and underwear down as well so that we were both naked in the room. She slowly moved back towards my vagina. Except this time with her face instead of her hands. 

Before she completely lowered her head, she looked at up me. It was almost as if she was silently asking me once more if I was sure. For me, the point of no return had already past. For her, this was it. I nodded, answering her silent question and proceeded. She lowered her head into my vagina and flicked her tongue over my clit. I moaned again, louder than before. Her tongue was so soft and warm. 

She rotated between licking and sucking my clit and moving her tongue up and down and the inside folds of my vagina. The repeated motion started to drive me up the wall and I could feel the urge to cum began to wash over me again. My legs started to shake and I immediately grabbed the covers, gripping on to them. In a sudden instant, Nancy moved away and was on top of me, folding our legs in-between each other and placing her vagina right on top of mine. 

"Just gyrate against me. You're body will know what to do."

I listened and began to move against her body as she moved her body against mine. I could feel my clit rub up against her fluid motions and my orgasm began to peak as I continued to roughly force my vagina against hers. In one swift moment, my orgasm took over and my body shook more violently then I ever thought it would before. Nancy continued to gyrate against my body roughly and before I knew it, she was shaking too. By the time I came to, we were both just wrapped in each others arms trying to catch our breath. 

"Wow."

Nancy laughed. "I'm glad you liked it."

"Nancy, that was amazing. It was more than I imagined. I'm sorry I didn't get to do anything to you though."

"No Em, this was about you. I already know what it's like to be with another girl. This was your experience."

And with that, we both feel asleep. The next couple of days, Nancy was a little unsure on how to act around me. I assured her that she had nothing to worry about it and that I was okay with what had happened. I admitted that it didn't make me question my sexuality and that I was still straight. But I was happy to get to experience something so sensual and amazing with her. An experience that while I knew would be my only, I would never forget.