 It was getting late and I was tiring of my colleagues. The Manhattan bar was stuffy and I could tell the guys I worked with wanted nothing more than to ditch me and head out to a more "exciting" bar. I had no problem with that – I was tired from the long meetings that day and anxious to get back to my hotel room. I told them I would settle the tab since I was senior manager and off they went.

Being married with a demanding three year old son at home, I had little chance to get away. The thoughts of relaxing in a hotel room alone seemed the height of luxury and I wanted to take advantage of that before I got too sleepy to appreciate it. My overnight bag contained a trashy novel and my favorite vibrator.

It was a short walk from the bar to the hotel so I didn't mind being alone. It wasn't late and the air was warm and humid as I stepped out of the air conditioned bar. We were staying in mid-town and the lights of Times Square overwhelmed me as I pushed through crowds of tourists. I made my home in rural Connecticut and the hustle and bustle of New York City was a bit much for me. 

As I neared the entrance of my hotel I found myself blocked by a group of girls. They were college-age, maybe nineteen or early twenties. Something was obviously wrong as they were yelling at one particular girl. Most people ignored them but as I had to somehow navigate around the crowd, I couldn't help but become intrigued in the little drama.

There were four angry girls upset at one of their crowd. She was a slim girl with long, dark hair. She looked Asian but perhaps mixed with something else. I could tell she was clearly scared and I wondered if I should intervene. Before I could say anything, one of the girls hit the Asian girl and pushed her to the ground. She let out a cry and fell.

"Hey, leave her alone!" I yelled. 

"Fuck off," one of them said. That pissed me off.

"Don't tell me to fuck off, you little tramp. Get out of my way!"

I pushed by the girls, ignoring their looks of shock and stooped next to the one they pushed.

"Are you ok?" I asked. 

"I scraped my knee," she said, trying to hold back tears.

"Let me help you up."

I got her to her feet and looked at the knee. It was scraped pretty bad. She was wearing a short skirt so there was nothing to protect the skin. Being a mother, I had plenty experience with scraped knees. It would sting but wouldn't be too bad.

"Don't bother with her, she's a slut!" another one of them yelled.

"Why don't you all just run along," I said in a low voice.

I realized they all basically looked the same – tall, slim, long hair. They all wore the same clothes too – short skirts, tank tops and flip-flops. Typical, I thought.

"She's not coming with us," said one of the girls. "Fucking slut!"

Again they tried to hit the girl, but I got in the way.

"I said, run along." And I meant it. I was tired and annoyed by the whole incident. They were ruining my evening.

After some more name calling, the doorman came over and threatened to call the police if they didn't disperse. This did the trick and they finally left, but not without some parting shots. We helped the injured girl inside.

"Do you have a first aid kit?" I asked the doorman as we eased the girl down on a couch in the lobby.

"Yeah, hold on," he said. 

When he returned with the kit, I opened it and found just what I needed. I applied some antiseptic cream and she winced.

"That's exactly what my son does," I said smiling. "It'll feel better in a moment." I pressed a bandage to the scrape and sat next to her.

"What's your name?" I asked.

"Emily."

"My name is Jennifer...or Jen if you like."

"Thanks Jen," she said and smiled at me.

"Can you get home now?" I asked.

Emily looked down at the ground. "Well...I'm supposed to be staying with those girls tonight. My home is in Boston."

"Oh," I said and glanced at my watch. Too late for any trains going to Boston. "I'm sure they've gotten over it by now. Can I get you a cab?"

A soft sob escaped Emily. Shit, I thought, not that.

"What's wrong?"

"Dany is mad at me because I stole her boyfriend."

I rolled my eyes. "Did you?"

"Not exactly..."

I didn't want to know. Girls at this age were overly dramatic. Now I just wanted to sit in the hotel bar and have a drink but I didn't want to abandon her.

"Look, I need a drink. Are you old enough?"

"No, but I have a fake ID," she said through the sniffles.

"Oh...well, I guess that's ok. Come on, let's go inside."

We walked into the hotel bar and took a seat at a table with a nice view of Broadway. No one questioned Emily's age and soon we were both sipping martinis.

"So, um, do you go to school down here?" I asked trying to think of what I would say to a nineteen year old.

"I go to Yale up in New Haven," she said.

"Oh...nice." 

I looked at her more closely. She was definitely part Asian but her eyes had more of a Caucasian look. She was cute with her dark hair, perky breasts and long legs. It made me wish I was ten years younger.

We drank our martinis and got to know each other. Apparently the incident with the stolen boyfriend was really the guy's fault (it always is). As she grew more comfortable, she smiled more and said "like" a lot. 

After the second martini she excused herself to use the bathroom. As I watched her walk away I noticed those long legs again and was suddenly presented with an image I had buried in my mind years ago. When my husband Jeff and I were still in college – we weren't married at the time – he convinced me to have a threesome with another woman. As it turned out, she was a slim Asian girl, not unlike Emily. It was probably one of the most erotic nights of my life. Over the years of marriage, work and raising a child, I had forgotten it. But seeing Emily stirred up the feelings I had suppressed.

I took a large gulp of my drink and set it down just as she returned to our table. I needed to figure out how to get rid of her.

"So you think this little disagreement with your friends has blown over by now?" I said, feeling the affects of the alcohol.

She shrugged. "Maybe, but they're probably on their way back to Dany's mother's house."

"Where is that?"

"New Jersey."

"Oh." That was a bit far for a cab. 

I thought about the suite I got because they screwed up my reservation. It had two bedrooms. I looked at Emily. 

"You could stay with me," I said suddenly. "I've got a suite."

"Really?" she said, eyes lighting up.

"Yeah, why not? You can take the train home to Boston tomorrow."

"Thank you, Jen. That would be awesome."

I shrugged. "Whatever."

We both laughed.

An hour later I was getting sleepy and I didn't want to get drunk so I suggested we go up to the room. As I wobbled over to the elevator I couldn't help notice Emily's firm little ass and those long legs. I tried not to stare but it was hard. If Emily noticed at all, she didn't let on.

Once the doors closed on the elevator I turned to her. She looked at me and smiled an odd little smile as if she knew what I was thinking. Throwing caution to the wind, I took one step towards her and kissed her. She immediately opened herself up to me. There was no resistance. Our mouths opened and her tongue snaked out to touch mine. I broke the kiss and pulled away.

The elevator stopped and we got out.

"I'm not a lesbian," I said lamely. "I'm married..."

"I know, you told me," she said, still smiling that odd smile.

"Are you?"

"No."

"But you've been with other women?"

"Yes."

The silence closed over us and we walked to my room. I opened the door and we went in.

"Nice room!" she exclaimed.

It was indeed and I was glad for the second bedroom. I needed to go to sleep and sober up.

"You can have that bedroom over there," I said, pointing. "It even has its own TV."

I watched Emily check it out and was glad for the door that would separate us both that night. She thanked me again, used the bathroom and then settled into her room. The door shut and I heard the TV go on. I sighed with relief and sat at the desk where my laptop waited. Even though it was late and I was tired, tipsy and a bit horny, I needed to check email. At least it would take my mind off the thoughts that were running through my brain.

I sat there for an hour and immersed my mind in work. I hadn't bothered to undress yet and I began to feel uncomfortable in my skirt and blouse. Eventually I shut off the laptop and stared out the window for a while. 

"Jen?" said a soft voice.

I snapped out of it and turned around. Emily stood there in her tank top. I could tell she had taken off her bra as her breasts had a pointy look to them. My mouth went dry.

"What is it Emily?" I asked, fighting for composure.

"Are you ok?"

"Oh, sure...was just finishing up some work."

"Ok, I'm just going to use the bathroom again," she said.

And when she turned around, her top rode up and I saw that she was wearing a thong. Her firm ass was displayed to me for a few seconds before the bathroom door closed. Sweet Jesus, I muttered. I gulped some water from the bottle on the desk and stood there and waited for her to come out.

When she did I could now see the nipples poking the thin white material of her shirt. She said nothing and walked towards me until she was only inches away.

"Why don't you undress?" she whispered.

I looked at her slightly slanted eyes; they were so dark, just like her hair. I realized I could smell her shampoo. She smelled so clean, so fresh. Her mouth was wide and sensual. I didn't dare look down at those breasts. 

"I'll help you," she said, sensing my paralysis.

She brought her hands up to the buttons of my blouse and began to carefully undo them as if the simple action of unbuttoning would injure me. I stood stock still with my arms limply at my sides. Emily's head was bent as she set about unfastening each button. When she reached the waist of my skirt she pulled the blouse out and finished. At last she spread the blouse open and tugged it gently so that it fell away from me.

Emily's eyes gazed at my breasts which were encased by a white lacy bra, but she didn't touch them. I wanted her to touch them so very badly but I was unable to speak.

"Let me take off your skirt now. Turn around."

Somehow I was able to move. It was like I could only obey her commands but not my own. I felt her warm hands unhook the clasp and unzip the zipper. The skirt crumpled to the floor. I stood there in my bra, panties and thigh-high stockings.

"Turn around again."

I did.

"You're very beautiful," she said. "I love your blond hair and your white skin."

Her voice dripped like honey.

"May I touch you?" she asked - the very essence of politeness.

"Yes."

Emily brought her hands to my breasts and cupped them. I was probably two cup sizes larger than her and I could tell she was fascinated. I shut my eyes as she squeezed them. I moaned when her fingernails scraped over my hardening nipples. I wished I could shed the bra just then but she was enjoying teasing me. 

She lowered her head to kiss the tops of my breasts and her hands slid down my back to cup my ass. Again there was silky material between her hands and my skin but it still felt delicious. I knew I was dripping wet by then. Finally she moved her lips away and stood there gazing at me.

"Do you want to see me naked?" she asked.

"Do you even have to ask?" I gasped.

She laughed and pulled the tank top over her head and placed it on the bed. She was clad in only her thong. I gazed at her smallish breasts which were unaffected by gravity. The nipples were puffy and so soft looking.

"Oh my god," I said.

"Shall we go on the bed?"

I nodded and pulled away the covers so there would be nothing on us. I wanted nothing to obscure that hot sexy body that was about to lay with me. I couldn't believe what was happening after all this time.

We lay on the bed and I let her be in control again. Clearly she knew what she wanted and it was easier to let her lead. I was badly out of practice.

Gently she pushed me so that I was lying on my back and she tucked a few pillows under my head so that the top part of my body was propped up. Everything was done slowly, carefully and sensually. Satisfied I was in the correct position, she lowered her body down to cover mine. She was light and it wasn't uncomfortable. I wanted to kiss her, but she had other intentions.

Emily moved so that her mouth was level with my breasts. She really was interested in them, I thought. But I didn't have a problem with that. They were aching with a need to be touched.

"Do you want me to take off my bra?" I asked.

"No."

Instead, she pushed the material up and over my nipples. They were so hard they hurt. I closed my eyes and waited for her sweet mouth to envelope them. At first I felt her tongue as it lapped around the hard nub of flesh but it wouldn't actually touch the nipple itself. God, she was teasing me. She kept it up for what seemed like hours until I was moaning for more. At last she stopped and the next thing I felt was teeth as she gently nipped me. I cried out and thought I would cum right then and there.

"Emily...what the fuck are you doing to me?" I gasped.

"Enjoying you," she said and bit the other nipple.

Instantly a sensation of pleasure traveled like lightning down to my pussy and it pulsed once. 

"Keep that up and I'll cum," I warned.

She said nothing and began to lick my nipples instead. Her smooth soft tongue lapped my breasts from one nipple back to the other one. I began to relax a little and enjoy the sensations. How I missed the gentleness of a woman's tongue. Jeff was excellent in bed, but he didn't have the touch that was I enjoying now. No doubt Emily was experienced.

I opened my eyes to gaze at her. Her head was buried between my tits and her long hair was tickling my stomach and sides. She still wore her thong, I noticed, but I had a perfect view of her ass. I moaned as my eyes traveled over her long legs that were spread impossibly wide. My pussy throbbed uncontrollably and I could feel the juices soaking the material that still covered it. Emily sucked harder and my eyes shut again.

"Ohhhhh...fuck," I moaned. "Emily...please, you need to give me relief," I said, practically begging.

She lifted her head up to gaze at me. "Tell me what you want."

I thought about it. It seemed like ages since Jeff had gone down on me. To feel Emily's soft little tongue in my cunt would be heavenly. I told her.

Nodding at my request, she moved down so that her mouth was near my pussy. Her warm hands grasped the top of my panties and slid them down and over my thighs until they were off. She rose up on her knees and buried her nose into the material.

"You smell so good, Jen," she said. "I can't wait to taste you."

All I could do was moan helplessly. Emily lowered her mouth once again and pushed my legs as wide as they would go.

"I want to taste you deep inside," she breathed. "I want to make you cum."

Her words inflamed me and my body clenched with anticipation.

At first all I could feel was her hot breath then at last I felt her tongue touch my clit. I cried out, but she ignored me and began to lightly touch my clit with her tongue. Just quick light touches. I began to squirm a bit and she grasped my thighs tighter.

"Emily, please..."

She listened to me at last and thrust her tongue into my cunt and began to lap at the juices that were gushing out of me. In and out went her tongue – she was fucking me with it. She never used her hands other than to keep my legs open. I lay there rigid as her tongue lapped, licked and poked my pussy. 

At last I began to feel the first signs of orgasm approaching and I told her. She ceased all activity and left me panting for more.

"Noooooo," I moaned. "Don't stop."

"I'm not," was all she said. 

Then suddenly and without warning, she jammed three fingers brutally into my wide open cunt. One pump, another and then it was all over. I brought the pillow over my mouth and screamed into it. The orgasm ripped through me with such intensity that I fainted.

When I came to, Emily was looking down at me with a glass of water in her hand.

"Jen, are you ok?" she asked.

I looked at her. "Yeah, let me sit up." She helped me sit up and I drank the water. I noticed my bra was pushed back down and I was still had my stockings on.

"Where did you learn to please a woman like that?" I asked, once I regained my senses.

She shrugged. "In school. We get bored."

I laughed. "Apparently they don't give you enough homework."

I set the glass down on the nightstand. "Seriously, Emily, that was incredible. Thank you."

"Thank you for helping me," she said.

I gazed at her long hair as it partially covered her face. I realized that throughout the entire encounter I hadn't really touched her with my hands. I was so busy clenching the blankets around me. But I wasn't sure how to reciprocate. My one and only time with a woman was a hazy memory but I knew that I didn't pleasure her the way Emily pleasured me.

"Emily, I..."

"Shh, Jen, don't worry," she said in her small voice. "I'll go to bed now, it's late."

She went to stand up, but I grabbed her wrist.

"Don't go, Emily. Lay here beside me and we'll sleep together."

"Are you sure?"

"Yes. Please."

Emily climbed into the big bed and pulled the covers over her. I pulled off my bra and stockings and slid beneath the sheets. I was so exhausted from everything I fell instantly asleep.

I woke just before dawn to find Emily sound asleep next to me. Careful not to wake her I slipped out of bed and into the bathroom to relieve myself. But when I got back her eyes were open.

"Sorry, I didn't mean to wake you," I said softly and climbed back into the bed.

"It's ok."

I looked at her for a long moment. She was so pretty with her sleepy eyes and her hair covering the pillow. A surge of longing rose up in me and I gently pushed a strand of hair away from her face.

"How's your knee?" I asked.

"It feels much better."

I looked at her some more. I realized I wanted to see her breasts so I pulled the sheets down just enough. Emily said nothing and watched me. The early morning light made her breasts and nipples look even softer that before. Hesitantly I reached out and touched one. 

"So soft," I whispered. 

They were small enough so that my hand could cover them entirely. I rested my hand lightly and then squeezed gently. Emily let out a small gasp but didn't move. I moved closer to her and touched the other breast in the same fashion. So supple, I thought.

"Is it ok to do this?" I asked.

She nodded and I suddenly felt foolish asking. But I got bolder and rubbed my thumb over one puffy nipple. The skin was so soft there, it was like silk. She instantly responded to my touch and the nipple hardened slightly in the center but not like mine which were also becoming aroused. I decided I wanted to taste them.

I stretched out beside Emily and lowered my mouth to her breast. Instinct kicked in and I began to lick then suck the nipple. She moaned softly and I knew I was doing it correctly. I moved my hand to the other breast and pinched the flesh there.

"Oh yes, that feels good," she whispered. "Suck harder."

She was a girl who knew what she wanted, I thought as I increased the pressure on her nipple. I used my hand to squeeze her breast so that the nipple protruded more and my mouth opened even wider to take her in. She began to squirm in my grasp. My other hand began to flick the hardened nipple with my fingernail.

"Ahhhhh," she cried. 

I kept that up and then suckled the other breast until she was gasping. I stopped and sat up. Now was the moment, but I had an idea.

"Emily, I don't think I can...you know..." I said shyly.
