 Emma found the office and noted with some amusement and curiosity the sign on the door that said "Dr. Karen Bush and Associates, Gynecology and Sexology". As Emma entered she smiled inwardly at the idea of a gynecologist by the name of "Bush", and reflected that she didn't know there was such a thing as "sexology".

A little while later Emma sat in the reception area of the doctor's office, idly perusing a magazine. She had arrived early for her appointment because she knew she would have to fill out paperwork, since it was her first visit. It had been over a year since her last checkup—she had been putting it off because her last gynecologist had retired, and she didn't know who to go to. She finally had gotten a referral from a friend at work to Dr. Karen Bush, so here she was, with the paperwork now completed.

A nurse stepped into the reception area and called Emma's name. Emma got up and as she walked toward the nurse, the two sized each other up. The nurse saw a pretty young woman with blonde, shoulder length hair and a nice figure. Emma saw an attractive woman of about 40, with blue eyes and a welcoming smile. Emma extended her hand and said, "Hello, I'm Emma King." 

"Hi, I'm Nurse Amy. Just follow me, please." The back area of the office was surprisingly large. Amy led Emma down a long hallway, which intersected a couple of others. As they walked by what Emma assumed to be a number of examination rooms, Emma heard what sounded like moans coming from a couple of the rooms, and even a loud cry. She wasn't sure if they were sounds of pain or not, but the noises were a little disquieting.

Near the end of the hall the nurse led Emma into a room which contained an examination table covered with fresh paper and a typical gynecological examination chair with stirrups for the patient's feet. "Please remove all of your clothes—you can put them in the closet over there", the nurse said, pointing across the room. "I'll be back in a few minutes." She turned and went out, closing the door behind her.

Emma took off her clothes, placing them on the table as she did so, and then carried them to the closet to hang them up. She had expected to find a gown in the closet, but to her surprise, it was empty except for a few hangers. She hung up her pants and blouse, but was standing there naked, thinking of putting her bra and panties back on, when Nurse Amy suddenly came back into the room without knocking and leaving the door open.

Emma was startled, and then tried to cover her breasts and crotch with her hands. "Could I have a gown, please? There wasn't one in the closet."

The nurse just smiled and said, "Oh, we don't use gowns. They get in the way, and it's just us girls here in the office anyway." Emma was still digesting those statements when Nurse Amy stepped forward and placed a strap of leather about the width of a narrow belt over her head. One end of the strap had been tied into a loop with a slipknot, and it was this loop which now rested high on Emma's chest like a necklace. Then the nurse adjusted the slip knot so that the other end of the strap dropped down across Emma's stomach, ending at her crotch. Looking down, Emma saw that two small metal weights were attached to the end, one slightly higher than the other. The higher one was in the shape of a pyramid, the other was cylindrical in shape.

Emma had never seen anything like it, and couldn't imagine its purpose. "What's this for?" Emma asked. 

"Oh, it helps demonstrate to us your response to sexual stimulation", the nurse replied absently as she pulled the end of the strap away from Emma.

Already concerned about her nudity and the cavalier disregard for her privacy, Emma was a little indignant. "But that isn't why... oh!!" Emma exclaimed.

The nurse had let go of the strap, and when it swung back to Emma's body the lower weight had struck right between her labia, and the higher weight had tapped the hood over her clitoris. While Emma was trying to regain her thought, the nurse fastened a leather belt around her waist, and then started putting leather cuffs on her wrists. "Wait, what are you doing??" Emma asked, with alarm evident in her voice. She took a quick step back, but that caused the weights to swing away several inches and then back, so that they struck her labia and clitoral hood harder than before and sent what felt like an electrical shock to her pussy. Emma bent forward and let out a loud groan. As she did, the nurse attached a clip on each cuff to a corresponding loop on the belt, preventing Emma from raising her arms or using her hands.

As Emma tried to regain her breath, Nurse Amy explained in a friendly voice that her hands had to be restrained so that she didn't try to grab the weights at her crotch. She added "And trust me—you'll want to grab them." Just as Emma started to protest, a young heavyset woman with short, dark hair came into the room. She wasn't wearing a nurse's uniform, so Emma assumed she was a clerk, and was appalled that a clerk could just walk in on a patient. Whoever or whatever she was, she stared at Emma's naked body, making no effort to disguise her interest. Her eyes started at Emma's face, slid quickly to her full breasts, and then lingered on Emma's pubic area with its forest of curly blond hair until Emma turned away, moving slowly to avoid getting struck by the weights again.

"What is it you want, Kathy?" Nurse Amy asked, but then laughed. "Well, I know what you want, but I mean what did you come to tell me?" The woman named Kathy didn't laugh, and while still staring at Emma said, "Pam has a few questions about this patient's insurance." She then added, "I could take her to Pam's office for you" with what sounded to Emma like hope.

"No, I'll take her after I get her measurements." Out of the corner of her eye, Emma saw a look of disappointment cross the woman's face, and then she left without another word.

The nurse approached Emma and said, "Now we'll just get your measurements" as she put a tape measure around Emma's torso, just below her breasts. Holding the ends of the tape against Emma's back with one hand, the nurse used her other hand to push the tape up over Emma's breasts. As she did, she gently rubbed her fingers over Emma's right nipple, and then her left. 

Emma tried to ignore the pleasant sensations which were coming from her nipples, which had already been erect and sensitive due to the cool air in the office. "I really didn't come here to be sexually evaluated—please release my wrists."

"It will only be for a little while dear, and the evaluation is all part of the service—just try to relax." The nurse then said, "Your bust is 36—are you a C cup?" As she said this, she cupped Emma's breasts in her hands and hefted them, and then dragged a fingernail across each nipple as she released them.

"Ahhh...yes!", Emma gasped out. As she said this her body swayed a bit in response to the nurse's touch, causing the weights to brush against her clitoral hood and labia. Her body shuddered at the light stimulation.

The nurse measured Emma's waist, announcing it was 26 inches, and then put the tape around Emma's hips. Again, she held the ends of the tape against Emma's back with her left hand, and used her right to straighten the tape across the front of Emma's body. As she did so, she pushed the weights away and then let them swing back, causing Emma to gasp again. The nurse casually rubbed her finger up and down Emma's labia and then rubbed the hood over her clit, saying "Sensitive little thing, aren't you?"

Finished with the measurements, Nurse Amy said, "O.K., now let's go see what Pam wants." With that, she began to lead Emma out into the hall.

Emma panicked. "But I'm naked", she said, louder than she intended, as she tried to free her hands. "I can't go walking around like this! Please- can't you cover me with something?" 

"Oh, it's just down the hall a little ways, and like I said, it's just women here." The nurse put her hand on Emma's rear end and pushed a little, causing her to reluctantly start walking. As she did, the weights started swinging, sometimes from side to side and sometimes from front to back. As they brushed and tapped against two of the most sensitive spots on her body, Emma felt little bolts of electricity in her vagina, which got wetter and wetter, while her steps became more halting. She quickly realized the different shape of the weights was deliberate, and devilish. When a flat side of the pyramid struck her clitoral hood, it simply pressed against it, which was stimulating enough, but when a point hit her soft skin, it felt like a pinprick. The random nature of the strikes—by the flat side or point- kept the recipient of the blows on edge, never knowing what to expect. The lower weight's cylindrical shape was very purposeful. About the size of a pinky finger, if it hit the labia just right and with enough force, it could slide between the lips, creating a sensation similar to a finger fuck. If it didn't penetrate, it still pounded against the labia, which would quickly become sensitive.

At first Emma bit her lip to keep from making any noise, but then she couldn't help it—she began to grunt with each little blow. She grunted louder each time a point of the pyramid struck her hood, and she also grunted louder whenever the lower weight slid between her pussy lips, which it did more often as she got wetter. As they walked they passed offices in which women were working, each of whom looked up as Emma's grunts announced her presence. They saw a pretty, naked young blonde woman staggering along, large breasts swinging and bobbing as she grunted and kept bending forward. Most smiled at her with understanding, but a few smirked at her situation. At one point Emma saw the heavyset woman named Kathy in one of the offices, and felt her eyes on her until she had moved past. Emma was humiliated beyond words that all of these strangers were seeing her naked, and obviously aroused.

As they passed one office, Emma suddenly realized that there was a man in it, staring at her. He had apparently been talking to the woman seated behind a desk in the office, but now his attention was fully on Emma. She quickly turned her back to him, but that caused the weights to swing out and then crash back into her. She let out a loud groan and bent over, only belatedly realizing that after he got a full frontal view of her, she was now showing him her most private, intimate parts. She forced herself to move, lurching forward until she was out of his line of sight.

Rather nonchalantly, Nurse Amy said, "Sorry about that, dear—I didn't know he was here. He's a sales rep who usually comes in on Mondays."

They finally reached Pam's office, and Emma was very happy to sit down. Pam only had two questions, however, both of which were quickly answered, so Emma's respite was short lived.

As they started back to the examination room Emma tried to walk slowly, to minimize the movement of the weights. However, Nurse Amy said, "Let's move along, dear—we still have a lot to do." With that, the nurse put her hand on Emma's ass and pushed her along. The weights started swinging again, front to back and side to side, crashing into Emma's by now very sensitive crotch area. The continual stimulation caused Emma to produce a copious amount of vaginal fluids, and she felt them begin to trickle out and run down her thighs, to her great embarrassment. Even worse, she felt an orgasm starting to build, deep inside her. She really, really didn't want to cum in a public hallway, where strangers would hear her, if not see her, so she tried desperately to think of something other than the sexual sensations coursing through her body. 

A moment later Emma saw the clerk, Kathy, standing in the hallway just outside her office. She was watching Emma like a hawk staring at its prey. As Emma got within a few feet of her, Nurse Amy suddenly stuck a finger in the crack of Emma's ass. Emma cried out in surprise and jerked forward, launching the weights out away from her body. They swung back quickly and hit Emma hard. The cylinder smashed right between her very wet lips, penetrating her. At almost the same moment, the pyramid smacked into her very tender, firm nub. Emma cried out, knowing immediately that she had lost control of her body and wouldn't be able to stop the orgasm. 

As the orgasm boiled up through her body, Emma rose up on her tiptoes and cried out, "Oh God!!" She instinctively thrust her pelvis out and then rocked back down on her feet. As she did, the weights hit her again, and a vicious cycle started. With each hit, her body jerked forward and then back. The backward motion caused the weights to hit her again, and the cycle would start over. 

Nurse Amy and Kathy both stared at Emma, entranced by the lewd dance she was unintentionally doing in front of them. The orgasm had been building for a long time, and it was taking a long time to run its course, prolonged in no small part by the hammering of Emma's sexual organs by the little weights. Emma staggered about, her breasts with their engorged nipples bouncing up and down and sometimes audibly slamming into each other. She would bend over when the weights hit her, and then straighten up and throw her head back, and then bend over again. Her mouth was open in an "O" shape, but she wasn't making any sounds other than loud grunts—she couldn't get enough breath for anything more. She looked like a helpless boxer unable to defend herself, being pummeled by her opponent. Finally, her knees buckled and she would have sunk to the floor, but Nurse Amy reached out and grabbed her arm, holding her up. "O.K. dear, let's get you back to the room."

The first thing Emma saw when her eyes re-focused was Kathy with a shit-eating grin on her face. Then Kathy silently mouthed "thank you". Emma initially thought she was directing it sarcastically to her, but much later she decided Kathy had been thanking Nurse Amy for intentionally setting off Emma's orgasm right in front of Kathy.

As the nurse started to guide Emma back to the examination room, Emma saw a number of heads poking out from office doorways. She immediately turned beet-red, realizing how many strangers had witnessed her seemingly never-ending orgasm. Then, as they passed Kathy, she suffered an added indignity as Kathy boldly reached out and cupped Emma's right breast. Unable to raise her hands, the helpless Emma could only groan as the still-grinning Kathy squeezed the soft flesh and then poked the fat nipple with her fingernail. "That's enough—let's keep going", Nurse Amy said, pushing Emma in the ass again.

They finally got back to the room, where Nurse Amy had Emma sit in the chair with her legs bent at the knee and her feet in the stirrups. Emma was very glad to be sitting down and her heart rate had just about returned to normal when the nurse said, "Now it's time to shave you, dear." 

"But I don't want to be shaved! Is it really necessary??" a shocked Emma asked as the nurse pushed a stool between her legs and set some things on a nearby tray.

"I won't shave that whole glorious mass of pubic hair," Nurse Amy replied, "but the doctor likes to have the area around your vagina and anus clean, so she can get a good, unobstructed view. Now just sit back and relax, dear."

Emma was too worn out to argue. The nurse pushed the leg rests out until Emma's legs were spread wide open, and then locked them in place. She sat on the stool, moved it closer to Emma's crotch, and then dabbed shaving cream on the area around her labia. Emma tensed and gasped softly when she felt the cream next being spread on her perineum and around her anus. No one had ever touched those areas on her, and she was amazed at how sensitive they were. Emma began to breathe harder and faster as the nurse continued to rub those spots—longer than Emma thought necessary to apply the shaving cream, but she didn't know what to say. Finally the nurse stopped and picked up a safety razor. Emma felt a few short, quick strokes of the razor, and then Nurse Amy began to pull the labia, first in one direction and then in another, as she continued to use the razor.

A few moment later Emma realized she wasn't feeling the razor any longer, but her labia were still being pulled and pinched, and a finger penetrated her momentarily. She began to get wet again, and afraid of having another orgasm, gasped out "Aren't you through?" 

Just then a young woman in a white smock breezed into the room. "Hi, I'm Dr. Bush—and yes, I know that's a funny name for a gynecologist. Is she ready for me, Amy? How was her response to the weights test?"

"Yes, she's ready, Doctor, and she had a very strong reaction to the weights—in fact, she had a powerful orgasm."

"Well, that's excellent. So you've already had a good day, huh?", the Doctor said with a smile to Emma as she put her hands on Emma's breasts. Emma flushed with embarrassment and didn't know what to say. The Doctor moved her warm, soft hands over Emma's breasts, squeezing and probing gently. Emma knew it was just a medical exam, but in her current state the squeezing and gentle touches felt sensual, especially when the Doctor lightly pinched her nipples and rolled them between her thumb and forefinger. Emma gritted her teeth to keep from moaning. "Well, your breasts seem fine—let's see how things are below."

With that, the Doctor stepped between Emma's legs, sat down on the stool and studied Emma's pubic area. Her thighs were covered with her juices from her orgasm, and more was slowly trickling out as a result of the shaving experience and the Doctor's examination of her breasts. "Well, you certainly don't have any trouble with lubrication, do you?"

Flushed with embarrassment again, Emma didn't think the question really called for an answer, so she remained silent.

"Let's see what your tissues look like." With that, Emma felt her lips pulled apart and then what she knew was a scope was slowly pushed into her. After a few moments, it was withdrawn and the Doctor said, "Your tissues look good. Now let's check your elasticity." Emma didn't know what the Doctor meant, but she figured it out a moment later when she felt fingers slide into her and poke at her tunnel walls. Emma gasped. "You take three fingers very easily—let's try four".

Emma cried out "Oh!" as a fourth finger was pushed in and she felt the muscles of her walls struggling to accommodate it. Nurse Amy, standing to Emma's left, placed her hand on Emma's left breast and began to stroke it. Meanwhile, the Doctor moved her fingers back and forth, pulling them partially out and then pushing them back in. Emma gritted her teeth again but the third time the Doctor pushed her fingers in she pushed them as deep as they would go, and Emma couldn't help it—she let out a loud, humiliating moan.

Emma was breathing hard, and the trickle of fluids had become a stream. Then, to her horror, she felt a tingling deep in her belly and she knew another orgasm was brewing. She tried to tell herself again that this was just an examination, but that thought disappeared when she felt the Doctor rubbing what felt like a lubricant on her anus. As her body flinched at the extremely intimate touching, Emma raised her head and sputtered, "What...what are you doing??"

The Doctor casually replied "I'm going to check your rectum", and then she began to push her finger against Emma's little hole.

Emma hesitantly and quietly said "O.K..." and then let her head fall back, dreading what was about to happen. Then she felt a hand on her right breast. She turned her head and to her astonishment saw Kathy looking down at her with the same shit-eating grin she had earlier. Emma started to raise her arm to push Kathy's hand away and opened her mouth to complain about Kathy's presence, but just then the Doctor's finger punched past her sphincter and entered her rectum. "OHH..." was all Emma could say, and as the Doctor moved her finger around, Emma dropped her arm and grabbed the chair. As Kathy and Nurse Amy stroked and squeezed her breasts and the Doctor moved her finger back and forth, Emma began moaning over and over, "ahhh!...ohh!..." The tingling grew stronger, and Emma started saying, almost to herself, "no...no..." in a small voice, in between the moans.
