 To eliminate any possible confusion I suggest you read Part 1 first as this is a continuation of that story.

*****

She tasted so good I was reluctant to let her have her hand back. Eventually I brought my attention back inside the car and pulled out of the lay-by. I asked myself what I had started but was too excited by the promise of a wild adventure to doubt myself for long. I drove through familiar country lanes, much more slowly now that we were off the motorway but still there was the illusion of speed as the closeness of the hedges made a blur through the windows and the twisty lane held the promise of danger round every corner.

I kept silent and let the girl dwell in her own thoughts. Glancing at her I saw that she was still on display, her skirt up around her waist and her panties lost somewhere in the foot well. Her pussy was naked and unashamed. For the sake of discretion I thought it should be covered when we drove through my village. There would be few people around at this time of day but I had a reputation to maintain and it would be foolish to take chances.

"We are getting close to my home," I said quietly, "It might be a good idea to cover up."

She seemed flustered as she replied, "Oh sorry, I was day-dreaming."

She leant forward to scrabble on the floor for her underwear.

"They're not vital," I told her, "Just pull your skirt down a little way."

She wriggled her skirt back down until she was at least halfway decent before glancing at me and blushing. I ignored her and slowed the car as I drove through the village and turning into my driveway.

++++++++++

I went into a sort of daze when she started the car up again. The road was now totally different. Gone were the smooth open curves of the motorway to be replaced by the typical English country lanes, twisting and bending and slightly claustrophobic. I was glad when it opened out enough for me to catch glimpses of the countryside. A checkerboard of fields, mostly green but some a bright almost garish yellow which as a confirmed 'townie' puzzled me.

I was jolted back to reality when she suggested I cover myself before the next village. I'd completely forgotten about my skirt crumpled around my waist and my still wet pussy on display. My panties seemed to have become lost somewhere so I just pulled my skirt down to cover myself as best I could. We drove through a small village of extremely des.res. little stone cottages and then out the other side. It occurred to me that I had no idea where I was or how to get to anywhere even slightly civilised. I could ask her to drive me somewhere or let me out at a bus stop but something inside me didn't want the adventure to end.

She turned into a gravel drive and pulled up in front of a large house. There was a small silver-grey car already parked there. She got out and walked round the car and opened my door and helped me climb out. I turned to grab my bag and saw the edge of my panties poking out from under the seat. I bent to pick them up and went to put them in my pocket when she stopped me.

"I think I'll take those," she said in that same commanding voice she's used before, "And leave the bag you won't need that."

Meekly I handed over my crumpled panties and then followed her into the house. It vaguely crossed my mind to wonder who the other car belonged to. She opened the front door and ushered me inside. There was a large hallway with a rather grandiose staircase that went round three walls winding it way to the upper floor. She led me into what was obviously the living room with two deep and comfortable sofas and a matching armchair in deep red leather all in a semi-circle in front of an unlit open fire. She turned to me and fixed my gaze with hers.

"Take off your skirt." That same commanding tone, "It too creased to wear. I'll have it ironed before you leave."

It seemed as though all choice had be taken away from me so like a docile and obedient child I scrabbled for the zip and slid it down my legs. I was in the process of stepping out of it when another person appeared in the doorway. When she saw me bent over and naked from the waist down she gave a little gasp of surprise. My host and fellow-traveller turned, smiled and planted a kiss on the lips of the new girl. Meanwhile I stood, unsure what to do or what was going on, fully aware that the tail of my blouse was not long enough to cover my embarrassment.

++++++++++

"Hello, darling, what are you doing home?"

"I knew you'd be back early so I took some time off. But what have you brought with you?"

We both turned to look at 'Train Girl' as I had mentally named her realising we had never got around to the proper introductions. She blushed as we looked at her and tried in vain to cover herself.

"She's someone I found on the train on the way home. She's at a loose end so I thought I'd bring her home with me."

"Hoping to have fun while I was out?"

"Hoping to have fun, yes, but with you here we can have even more fun. Isn't she lovely?"

"Very pretty but why is she half naked?"

"She became a little soiled on the train and later in the car. Silly thing couldn't control her urges."

My girlfriend raised her eyebrows and grinned knowingly. She slipped her arm from mine and ambled over to Train Girl and slowly walked around her. She lifted the hem of the girl's blouse to get a better view of her bottom and the girl jumped in surprise. She was looking very nervously straight at me so I gave her a reassuring smile. My girlfriend looked at me and winked theatrically. 

"You're very naughty," she said with mock seriousness, "But I love you, and we haven't had anyone new to play with for ages. Does she have a name?"

"She's bound to have but I've no idea what it is. We never got that far." 

"Then I shall call her Slut! After all who else would be in a stranger's house half naked at lunchtime?"

++++++++++

I stood helplessly in the middle of the carpet as they stood side by side discussing me in the third person. I tried vainly to cover my nakedness but with little success. They talked about me as if I were a new plaything. I had half hoped and expected for the car journey to lead to some sort of fun and games but I hadn't anticipated a third party to become involved.

The new girl was quite a lot younger and very pretty. Blonde and almost deliberately girlish with a cropped top showing off her pierced navel, a short skirt and knee socks. Despite her youthful appearance she seemed as much in charge as her companion. When she walked towards me I became slightly nervous. What had I let myself in for? Suddenly it seemed too much to try and run away. My underwear was gone somewhere and my skirt was now kicked into a corner. Unbelievably my pussy was tingling with expectation.

The girl disappeared from view behind me and I jumped when I felt the hem of my blouse lifted and my bottom was displayed to her. I know I was blushing frantically and when she came out and said she was naming me 'Slut' my knees almost buckled. Her friend laughed out loud at this suggestion.

"What a lovely name and it suits her so well."

I felt a hand gently stroking my buttocks and a jolt of desire went through me. When a finger slid along the valley between my cheeks and slid over my arsehole and lightly touched the entrance to my pussy I had to readjust my position to stop myself falling over.

"Oh my, her cunt is so wet."

Then, close to my ear, a stage-whisper, "You really are well-named aren't you Slut? Tell us your name, say it out loud."

When I hesitated I felt a sharp smack on my bottom and a sting of pain went through me. I think I may have yelped, partly in surprise and partly in pain. I wanted to run but my pussy commanded that I stayed. She bent close to my ear again.

"Tell us your name," this time more demanding.

"S-s-s-s-lut," I managed to blurt out.

"And I am 'Miss' and she is 'Mistress'. Got that?"

"Y-y-y-es."

Another sharp smack followed my trembling reply. "Yes what?"

"Yes, Miss."

"And who is that?" she asked pointing across the room.

"Errr, Mistress."

"Well done, Slut," her voice now soft and almost affectionate. Her hand once more stroked my bottom softly easing away the sting from the smacks.

++++++++++

From across the room I viewed Slut's discomfort with amusement and delighted in her lack of response as the sound of the two smacks echoed round the room. I knew from the past that those were not light and playful taps. When she was made to name us I smiled. Her hesitancy and awkwardness were a delight. So, for today I was to be Mistress and she was to be Miss. Usually it was she that bore the brunt of any rough treatment but every so often one or other of us would bring home a willing toy and we could both share the domination duties. Being nominated 'Mistress' meant I could sit back and spend most of the time watching as she got on with the task in hand. I decided to do just that and took my seat in the armchair and folded my arms.

"I think it's time she showed us some more of her charms, don't you Miss?" I queried mischievously. 

"As Mistress commands. It will be my pleasure."

She reached round and unbuttoned Slut's jacket and slipped it off her shoulders and down her unprotesting arms. Then slowly she undid the buttons of her blouse. The blouse followed the jacket to lie in a crumpled heap in the corner. All that was left was her bra. Suddenly it reminded me of her panties still tucked into my pocket. I pulled them out and fluttered them loose. They were part of a matching set. It was almost as if Slut had intended to dress up for us. I lifted them to my nose and inhaled their scent deeply. It brought back memories of her taste from the car.

The tension of the bra suddenly relaxed as the back clip released and Slut's last protection disappeared. The bra sailed across the room to join the pile of discarded clothing in the corner. Her hands flew up to try and cover herself but Miss grabbed her wrists and forced them down to her sides. Now she was displayed in all her glory.

Chance, karma, destiny, call it what you will but I had struck lucky. She was gorgeous. Maybe her tits were a little small but they were pert and showed little sign of her age. Her waist was slim and made a lovely curve of her body. Her pubes were neatly trimmed down the smallest hint of their former glory. And then the ultimate prize ... her pussy, still showing signs of her recent orgasm, almost twinkling with moisture, much of which had leaked onto her thighs.

I watched as a hand curled round from behind her and felt her pussy, obscuring my view. I curbed my annoyance. I would let Miss have her fun but would extract my payment later.

"Is the Slut wet?" I asked, stating the obvious.

"Soaked," came the reply and I watched two fingers disappear inside Slut's cunt. She gave a moan and would have fallen had not Miss held her up.

++++++++++

It was almost as if I was hypnotised as I stood there and let the unknown woman undress me. The penetrating eyes of Mistress, as I had now come to know her, fixed me from a few feet away. I felt my jacket slip from my shoulders and sensed it being thrown into a corner. Slowly the buttons of by blouse were picked free and the blouse followed the jacket. Hands at my back, fighting with the clip of my bra and then that sudden feeling of freedom as my breasts were released. I felt slightly ashamed as I always thought of them as pathetically small. Almost automatically I tried to cover them with my hands but my wrists were grabbed and my arms forced down out of the way.

From across the room Mistress smiled and almost secret smile as a hand reached from behind me to stroke along the length of my pussy. I could tell by the way it slipped so easily that I would be unable to hide my arousal. When Mistress asked about it and also called me Slut I nearly fainted with pleasure but when two fingers insinuated themselves inside my legs gave way.

The girl behind me although quite small was also very strong as she caught me easily and guided me to one of the sofas and sat me down carefully. Things seemed to be happening at a distance and she easily manipulated me how she wanted. I was dragged to the edge of the sofa and my legs were spread wide. As reality slowly returned Miss was kneeling on the floor and Mistress was now standing beside me with a glass of something in her hand.

"Water?" she asked kindly.

I smiled and nodded weakly not trusting myself to speak. I expected her to place the glass at my lips to let me drink but instead she held it over me and slowly tilted it. Fuck, it was cold and I yelped in surprise as it poured over my head. There was a sudden sharp pain as my pussy was smacked hard.

"Stay still, Slut," Miss ordered from below me.

More of the freezing water was poured over my breasts and across my belly and then the last was directed at my pussy. Again I yelped and tried to close my legs but Miss was kneeling between them and I received another hard smack for my efforts.

"She's certainly wet now," giggled Miss.

Her fingers pulled apart my pussy lips opening me like an exotic fruit. A finger or thumb began to stroke my clit flicking it up and down and two fingers pushed deep inside me. Mistress took hold of my chin, tilting my head backwards, forcing me to look into her dark brown, almost black eyes.

"Having fun, Slut?" she asked mockingly.

A wave of pleasure started to spread over me and I closed my eyes. I was slapped sharply across my cheek.

"Did I say you could close your eyes? Look at me, Slut," she demanded.

Suddenly all the points of pain became mere pinpricks as my orgasm came close. The sting on my cheek, and the slaps to my pussy became insignificant. My nipples were almost painfully erect from the cold water and Mistress took the left one and squeezed gently. The fingers inside me curled forward and almost scraped against my spot as I exploded. My nipple was squeezed really hard and more smacks rained down on my pussy. I think I might have screamed. I remember my body convulsing and then little more.

++++++++++

I felt a little bit mean when I tricked her with the glass of water but it was such fun to see her reaction. Especially when Miss slapped her hard between her legs. That must have really hurt I thought to myself. If anything the second slap was even harder. I watched as Miss started to play with her cunt. I tipped Slut's head back and looked in her eyes. She seemed to be inhabiting a different world, some alternative reality. I could tell she was close to another orgasm and her eyes closed as a wave of pleasure swept over her. I wanted to watch her climax so I slapped her hard on the cheek. Her eyes flew open and re-engaged with mine.

I grabbed hold of one of her nipples and started to squeeze and pull at it. Miss was still busy probing deep inside her. Suddenly she went stiff and her eyes widened even further. The slaps on her cunt that Miss gave her only seemed to intensify the moment. She uttered a coarse low sound, half way between a groan and a scream, and her back arched violently and then went limp. Her eyes closed and she sank back into the sofa. I looked at Miss and grinned.

"Let her rest for a while," I said, "She has taken a lot."

"Aww, but we've only just started having fun," replied Miss, a note of disappointment in her voice.

"We have her all day and possibly all night as well. We can take our time. Now, fetch a blanket and cover her until she recovers."

Miss reluctantly slouched off and returned with a blanket that she draped gently over the almost lifeless naked body. She came and stood next to me and linked her arm in mine. I turned my head and kissed her on the lips.

"What shall we do with her next?" she asked me.

"Let's open a bottle of wine and make some plans," I suggested.

I checked the Slut over and realised that her faint had turned into a sleep. She would be quiet for a while so we went into the kitchen and sat at the table with a glass of wine each and planned our next piece of fun.