 To eliminate any possible confusion I suggest you read Parts 1 and 2 first as this is a continuation of that story. This chapter contains scenes of which some readers may disapprove in that the D/s element is a little more extreme. If this is not to your taste then I suggest you read no further.

*****

"She seems happy to let us do what we want to her," I commented, "why don't you nip upstairs and bring down the toy box while I retrieve her laptop from the car."

She went off grinning broadly and I went out to the car and grabbed her bag. I brought it back to the kitchen table and looked inside. Apart from the laptop there was the usual array of bits and pieces. I took out her purse and opened it. Her driver's licence told me her name and address. I closed it and put it back in her bag. I pulled out the laptop and to my delight found it still switched on and logged in. When I opened it the screen showed a page of what seemed to be an erotic story. This helped to explain her activity on the train. I read a little of the story as Miss returned lugging a large wooden box with her. Her eyes lit up when she saw the bag and the laptop.

"Any joy?" she asked.

"Our new slut has been reading dirty stories," I announced, "but before we get into that we should make sure our guest is safe and 'secure'."

I stood up and grabbed one end of the wooden toy box. Miss took the other and we went back to the living room. Slut was still as we had left her, sprawled on the sofa under a blanket although it had slipped enough to reveal one breast. Her breathing was slow and relaxed. We dumped the toy box at her feet and sat one on each side of her. I flipped open the lid of the box and rummaged around inside before I found the wrist and ankle cuffs I was looking for. I passed one of each to Miss and we slowly and gently moved her arms out from under the blanket and fastened a cuff to each wrist. On the top corners of the sofa were two finials to which were already fixed a length of cord with a loop on the end. They were left over from some fun and games I had had with Miss a few evenings ago. I nodded to Miss and together we lifted each arm and clipped it into the loop. I sat back and relaxed a little, now she was going nowhere.

The sudden movement had begun to rouse her from her sleep and she moved a little and let out a moan.

+++++++++++++++++++

It took me ages to work out where I was let alone what was happening. Slowly the memories returned. Being naked in front of two strangers, two women. Having a huge orgasm but then ... nothing until now. I opened my eyes and saw the woman from the train sitting next to me smiling and brushing the hair away from my face. Momentarily I felt comforted until I tried to move and found my arms were spread wide and held tight on either side of me. I tugged at them and started to panic. 

"Shhhh little slut you are quite safe. We just want to have a little fun. I'm sure you wouldn't deny us that."

I looked into her eyes and there seemed to be only kindness in them. I glanced either side at my arms and saw the black leather wrist cuffs fastened to the back of the sofa. I tried tugging on them but they were too well fixed. Then I felt something going on with my legs and looked down. The other one, the young pretty one, was fixing a second pair of cuffs to my ankles. I tried to kick her away but felt a sudden and stinging smack on my pussy.

"Stop struggling, slut, or there's more where that came from."

I lay back quietly, totally bewildered. One leg was pulled to one side and clipped in some way to the bottom of the sofa. The same process was repeated on the other leg. I was now lying spread-eagled and helpless sprawled across the sofa. I tried to struggle but found I could barely move.

"What the fuck! Let me go you crazy bitches."

+++++++++++++++++++

When she started yelling Miss gave her a hard slap on her pussy and then rooted through the toy box next to her. She took out our frequently used ball gag, bright red with black leather straps. She handed it to me with a grin.

"Stop yelling, slut," she hissed.

I leant across, dangling the ball gag in my hand and spoke quietly to the girl, "open wide for me and be a good slut."

She looked at me with a scared look and clamped her mouth firmly shut. I turned to Miss and nodded my head and she gave her exposed pussy another hard smack. The slut yelped loudly.

"Open wide and no more smacks I promise."

Slowly, nervously she relaxed her jaw and her mouth opened. I pushed the ball between her teeth and then pushed her head forward and fastened the straps tightly behind her head. I stroked her cheek and brushed the hair from her eyes and gave her a gentle kiss on the cheek. Then I looked back down to Miss who was searching once more in the toy box.

"Can I use the clamps on her please, Mistress?" she asked with a cheeky grin.

"I don't think she's going to complain any more do you?"

"She knows what will happen if she does," said Miss and gave her two very gentle taps on her pussy and then stroked her softly between her lips. "Oh wow! She's already wet again! What a slut she really is," and she laughed.

She pulled from the box a silver chain on each end of which was a shining butterfly clamp. Slut's eyes opened wide when she saw them and she tried to shrink away but without any luck. Miss held one of the clips up in front of her face and clicked it a couple of times before she grabbed one of her nipples with the other hand and tweaked it several times. Pulling the nipple towards her she let the clamp bite down. There was a muffled cry from slut which we both ignored. The other nipple followed and Miss let the chain that joined the clamps drape across her stomach. As a final touch she took out a black leather leash and attached it to the middle of the chain and let it dangle. The weight pulled her breasts slightly downward but they were too small and youthful to distort very much. Then Miss stood up and turned to sit on the other side of her and looked at me, smiling broadly.

"Doesn't she look lovely?" she asked me.

"I think she looks gorgeous and I think she's beginning to enjoy herself," I replied and gave slut another kiss on her cheek.

"I think she's getting quite excited as well," said Miss.

I looked down and Miss was probing between the lips of slut's pussy which was gleaming with moisture. She pulled her fingers away and they were sticky with slut's arousal.

"She tastes nice as well," I commented but Miss's fingers were already half way to her mouth.

"You've tasted her already?"

"Only briefly in the car on the way home."

Miss slid her fingers into her own mouth and gave the impression of a gourmet diner tasting some delightful morsel.

"'ease I 'eed 'er 'oo."

"Is she complaining again?" asked Miss and placed her hand as if ready to deliver another smack. Slut shook her head frantically and tried to speak through the ball gag again.

"'eed 'oo 'ee."

"Ah, I think she needs to pee," I said having often had to interpret Miss when she was in a similar situation. "Perhaps we should take her upstairs. We don't want her wetting the sofa."

"Not any more than she has done already," added Miss and giggled.

+++++++++++++++++++

I was very slowly coming to realise that far from being terrified I was actually almost enjoying being taken charge of by these two women. I won't say it didn't hurt when my pussy got smacked a couple of times but that seemed to add to the rising excitement from down there. Even the pain from the two clamps on my nipples made the feeling stronger. When she started to stroke my pussy and push her fingers inside me again I didn't want her to stop. Apart from a sudden and desperate urge to pee. I cursed my bladder. I tried to say so but all that came out through the ball in my mouth was scrambled gibberish. When Miss threatened to smack me again I shook my head vigorously and tried again. Luckily Mistress seemed to understand me. 

After a brief discussion my hands were released from the sofa. I briefly thought about trying to escape but my feet were still fixed in place and there were two of them so I lay quietly until I was pushed forward. My hands were then clipped together behind my back and I was pushed back again. Then my feet were released. Both women stood up and Mistress took hold of the leash and yanked it forward making the clamps bite harder. I struggled uncertainly to my feet and I was pulled forward. On wobbly legs I followed Mistress out of the room with Miss following behind. We went up the dark wood stairs and along a corridor and into a bathroom. I was led to the toilet which was against the wall opposite.

"Sit and pee, slut." I was ordered by Mistress. With my hands still cuffed behind me I sat down awkwardly. I was obviously to be allowed no privacy. Mistress stood slightly to one side and Miss was in the doorway leaning against the wall. They both watched me intently and I couldn't help but blush.

"Oh dear I think she's embarrassed," said Miss which didn't help the situation.

"We have plenty of time. We can wait," came back Mistress and she perched herself on the edge of the bath.

I tried to relax and finally I managed to pee. I tried to close my knees but Mistress tugged on the leash and a jolt of pain went to my already sore nipples. "Keep those knees wide, slut."

I opened them obediently and let the piss stream out and tinkle into the bowl. It seemed to go forever before it finally came to a stop. I briefly wondered how I was going to wipe myself but Miss stepped forward and grabbed a handful of paper which she thrust between my legs and roughly wiped me dry. There was a sudden pull from the leash and I quickly stood up.

"Come on, slut, time for bed," said Mistress and pulled me from the room. Behind me I heard the flush of the toilet as we went back down the corridor towards a door.

+++++++++++++++++++

I love my house. I had worked hard to afford it and needed to work hard to maintain it. Friends told me it was eating money and to some extent they were right. But it was quiet and secluded and remote from the neighbours. Yes, I love it but most of all I love the bedroom. It has a large window that looks over fields and hedges and a few trees. At this time of day the sun streams through the window lighting the whole room. I knew it always took the breath away from those very rare people that had the honour of visiting it. Opposite the window was the bed, an expensive antique four-poster, something else that had cost me an arm and a leg. 

I led slut to the side of the bed and told her to sit. She had a curious look of someone who is both nervous and excited, an expression seen most often in the queue for a roller-coaster. I smiled at her and bent down and kissed her on the forehead. I made her sit in the middle of the bed and face the window then I fastened her feet to the two posts at that end. Once they were secured I unclipped her hands and pushed her back until she was lying down. This time she showed no resistance but complied with my instructions. I clipped one arm to the nearest post and then walked round the bed and clipped the other arm. Once more she was secured and spread wide. I stood back to admire the sight of her and she looked back at me with a questioning but resigned look.

Miss placed the toy box on the floor at the foot of the bed and then went to stand opposite me. We both looked down at our helpless slut. I leant forward and unclipped the leash from the nipple chain and dropped it on the floor.

"I don't think slut is going anywhere for a while. She seems quite happy where she is for now. Are you going to be a good slut?" I asked her and she nodded in reply. I tilted her head to one side and unbuckled the ball gag and pulled it from her mouth. She looked gratefully up at me.

I felt between her legs and she was surprising wet. "Did you wipe her properly?" I asked Miss.

"Of course I did, Mistress," she replied.

"Then she seems to be even more of a slut than we thought."

I lifted my fingers to my nose and inhaled deeply. I could detect the faintest hint of piss but overall there was that musky scent still familiar from our car journey.

"Fuck," said Miss, "just looking at her all tied up is making me horny." Her short skirt was already lifted and her hand was rubbing her pussy through her panties.

"I'm sure our pretty toy here would be happy to help you out. She owes us something for being rescued from the train station."

"You think so?" queried Miss before turning to me. "Do you want to taste my pussy, slut?" There was no immediate reply so her face was slapped. "The answer is 'yes Miss I'd love to taste your pussy'. So, do you want to taste my pussy?" and she held her hand up ready for a second slap.

"Y-y-yes Miss, I'd love to taste your pussy," came the obedient reply and then she added, "Please Miss."

This last remark delighted Miss who dropped her threatening hand softly onto slut's cheek and stroked her before stepping back and lifting her top over her head. She unbuttoned and unzipped her skirt before wiggling herself out of it closely followed by her dainty thong. Then she face slut, threw her arms wide to display herself and beamed a smile at her.

"Ta-da!" she shouted triumphantly, then she reached both hands down and parted her pussy lips. She slipped two fingers of one hand between them and then held out her hand to slut who took them eagerly.

+++++++++++++++++++

I once more found myself helpless this time tied spread-eagled a huge bed. At last the gag was taken away and I could swallow properly once more. I could have objected again but I was so full of anticipation that I wanted the afternoon to continue. Yeah I hurt in various places and those damn clamps were still biting and I'd been humiliated in the bathroom but together I found them strangely exciting. I'd dabbled in D/s with various girlfriends in the past but these two seemed to know what they were doing. They also somehow knew that it was turning me on in a way I'd never known before. When I felt a hand playing with my pussy I almost came right then and there but the hand went as quickly as it came.

I was brought back by the sound of Miss's voice asking me a question. I wasn't sure what she'd asked so I looked at her blankly and received a slapped cheek for my inattention.

"Do you want to taste my pussy?" she asked me and right then I wanted nothing more than the sweet smell and taste of her pussy, or anyone's pussy, so I replied that yes please I'd love to taste it. She stood back and stripped off. She was very pretty in a young sort of way with breasts even smaller and more pert than mine. She displayed herself to me and gave a cry of triumph before climbing onto the bed and standing with a foot either side of my head. I gazed up longingly at the gleaming wet pussy above me and licked my lips.

"Yeah tongue. Show me you tongue, slut." I pushed my tongue out obediently and she smiled down at me. As she lowered herself her pussy opened like a fruit. She stopped just inches out of reach.

With one hand supporting her weight she leant forward and grabbed me between the legs. "And what is this, slut?" she asked.

"Its my pussy, Miss," I answered hoping that this was the expected answer. Quickly it was clear that I had said something wrong as I got another smack.

"Wrong, slut, it is not yours ... it belongs the me and Mistress and it is not a pussy," and she pointed between her legs, "that is a pussy but this," sliding her fingers back and forth, tantalizingly touching my clit, "this is a cunt. Sluts do not have pussies they have cunts. Now, who's is this?"

"It's yours, Miss. Yours and Mistress's."

"And what is it?"

"A cunt, Miss."

"Good girl you're a fast learner. Time to taste a pussy I think."

Finally she lowered herself onto my waiting tongue. My world went dark and I struggled to breathe but I didn't care as I was in heaven. She truly did taste amazing ... musky and slightly salty but curiously there was a hint of fruitiness. I lapped at her, the tip of my tongue finding her clit and then sliding back and pushing as deep as I could inside her. I was blind and could barely hear, all my senses and desires were focussed on just one thing, her pussy and how I could bring pleasure to it.

Somewhere in the distance I could feel my own pussy, sorry I meant to say cunt, being touched, whether by a hand or a mouth I couldn't say and then something hard was slowly pushed inside. I could feel the beginnings of an orgasm rising up inside me however I could also sense the same feeling coming from above me as Miss squirmed and pressed down harder. It was difficult to breathe and a couple of times I almost blacked out. Occasionally she would shift enough for me to gasp in a lungful of air before the outside world was blocked off once more.

+++++++++++++++++++

When Miss stripped off I remembered why I was with her. In my life, in my house but most of all in my bed. It was her exuberance and joy of life and not just her youthful innocence. Gone was her usual submissive persona as she relished her new-found freedom. I watched as she climbed onto the bed and lowered herself so frustratingly close. I laughed inwardly as I recognised the 'pussy/cunt' routine. She had stolen it from me but I loved hearing it from her. I watched her face as she eventually lowered herself onto the waiting slut and her expression told me everything. It seemed our new slut had now become a willing participant. I could only guess at what was going on in the darkness between Miss's thighs but whatever it was Miss was not complaining.

I looked through the toy box and found 'old faithful', our trusty 9" vibe. I turned to concentrate on the task before me. Before I applied the vibe I just needed one more taste of her delicious pussy or, as Miss would insist, of her delicious cunt. Oh god it was as good as it had tasted that first time. I licked and savoured it, loving every stroke of my tongue then I sat back and touched it with the tip of the vibe. It was yet to be switched on as I slowly pushed it into her. When it was all the way in I started to slowly slide it in and out and I saw her thigh muscles begin to tense. I glanced up at Miss and knew from experience that she was getting close. I switched on the vibe and speeded up slightly. I wanted to match their climaxes, to see them both cum at the same time. 

As she got closer Miss picked up the chain joining the clamps and held it with her teeth. She looked at me but her eyes weren't focussing properly. I started manipulating slut's clit with my thumb and increased the rhythm of my thrusts. Neither slut nor Miss were in control of themselves. Slut's legs were thrashing about and pulling on the cuffs that held them in place. Miss's head went back and the chain tightened, distorting slut's breasts to sharp peaks. As they both came Miss suddenly released both the clamps before shouting at the top of her voice. Muffled sounds came from beneath her and slut's legs gave a final jerky movement before subsiding into stillness. Very slowly I removed the vibe and sat back.

Miss had fallen forward and to one side, one leg still across slut's face. After a moment of panic I saw that slut was breathing deeply although apart from that was totally still. I guessed that she had fainted again. I stood up and walked round to the side of the bed. I lifted Miss's legs up and over and slut stirred slightly. She seemed to be fine but, for the second time that day, out for the count. As I moved her leg Miss's eyes opened and she smiled weakly up at me. I smiled back but said nothing as her eyes closed once more. I went to the closet and found a blanket which I carefully placed over both of them and then went back down the stairs to the kitchen. It seems it was down to me to cook this evening.
