 Her fingers slid the length of my pussy, caressing my skin and feeding the hunger that always accompanied her visits. She was fire and ice, cool on the surface but powered underneath by a heat so fierce it seemed to burn me from the inside out.

I craved her touch like I craved air. She was the force that kept me sane and her hands were working miracles on me with every slippery stroke.

"You like that, don't you?" she asked, her breath hot in my ear.

"Yes," I hissed. "Don't stop."

Her fingers slowed their delicious tease.

"You mean don't stop this?"

Her low chuckle sent chills up my spine. I knew this dance.

"Please," I begged. 

I was rewarded with a sigh as her fingers began to work on my clit.

She loved to hear me beg for pleasure. There were times I thought she enjoyed that more than what came next.

"Please what?" she asked. 

I knew that tone. She was going to make me work for every ounce of pleasure. My clit twitched involuntarily at the thought. It was always so much better when she was in this kind of mood.

"Please fuck me," I answered, my voice breaking.

She smiled.

On nights like this, she wanted vulgarity. She wanted me to beg her to fuck me and tell her each and every way I wanted it done.

The words seemed to feed her hunger as she fed mine.

"Mmm...," she murmured, her fingers sliding into me. 

"Like this?" she asked as I surged upward, pulling her digits into my cunt.

"Yesss...," I moaned. "Fill up my cunt, you dirty bitch."

Her eyes shot to my face and I saw something dark and primal there.

"What did you say?" she asked her voice low and dangerous. She stilled her probing fingers and I almost cried at the loss of motion.

"You heard me," I answered, meeting her gaze with one of my own. On these nights, I gave as good as I got. "I said 'Fuck me, you dirty-horny-slutty bitch'."

Silence filled the room as my words settled around us. She stared me down as she slowly pulled her fingers from my dripping cunt.

"What a filthy mouth you have," she said. Her voice dropped an octave. "I think we'll have to do something about that."

I shuddered. When her voice reached that pitch, the night was about to get very interesting for me.

"Stay still," she said.

I obeyed but said nothing as she stood and walked to the nightstand. Watching her pull the massive strap on from her bag and step into it was possibly one of the most erotic things I'd ever witnessed.

There was urgency to her movements, but it was accompanied by the same grace that filled every other task she undertook. The contrast between the vulgarity of her actions and the elegance with which she handled the giant phallus was like a work of art in progress.

As her mesmerizing display came to its conclusion, my arousal reached new heights. She turned to face me and I gasped as she began to stroke the dildo with slow even movements. She didn't approach me, however. She simply stood where she was, jerking off the huge phallus.

"You asked for this," she said. It was a question wrapped in a statement.

"It's so big," I whispered. 

She smiled. That was the answer she hoped I would provide.

"It's big enough," she responded as she started toward the bed. She stopped at the edge of the bed with the giant cock wobbling close to my face.

"Take it," she ordered, shoving the rubber phallus in my direction. "Suck it until I tell you to stop."

My clit twitched and my nipples hardened as I grasped the cock and parted my lips. I rose on my elbow and took the shaft in my mouth, surprised at how much I wanted to suck her off.

"Good girl," she hissed. "Suck it."

The shaft felt good in my hand as I stroked up and down, sucking the tip while looking up at her face. The look I saw there took my arousal to a whole new level. 

Her eyes were half-closed and her amazing tits were rising and falling rapidly as her arousal became more and more evident. I might be the submissive one but I had her fully under my control at the moment.

I pulled my lips from the tip of the cock and looked her in the eye.

"You like it when I suck your cock. Don't you?"

She grimaced and her eyes sharpened.

"I don't answer your questions, remember. Now, why did you stop? I didn't give you permission to do that."

"No. You didn't," I conceded. "I'm sorry."

She liked it when I showed a little humility. Ours wasn't an extreme dominant-submissive relationship, but we did toy with the lines.

I focused my attention on the fake cock once again and took it as deep into my throat as I could, treating it like a real dick.

I could hear her moan, but I didn't look up. I was focused on the task at hand. I wanted to see if I could make her cum just by sucking off the strap-on cock. If not, I wanted her to get so excited that she lost control. The sex was always better when I broke her restraint.

She withstood my assault on her cock for a full two minutes before she jerked my head off the shaft and panted, "Stop. Now lie on your back."

I did as she asked and felt the bed shift as she settled on her knees between my legs. I was dripping wet and aching for her to begin, but instead she stopped with just the head of the shaft resting at the entrance to my throbbing snatch.

I pushed forward, hoping to encourage her to slide the big cock deep inside me. Instead, she backed up a fraction of an inch and stopped. It was just enough to keep the cock head poised and rubbing the lips of my aching pussy.

"Wait," she said. 

I groaned. I was tired of waiting. I wanted her to fuck me with the giant cock. I was ready for her to claim my pussy and take me over the edge.

Sensing my frustration, she looked me in the eyes and said, "Patience. I will make it worth the wait. I promise."

As she spoke, she grabbed the shaft of the cock and began to rub the large rubber head over my clit. A small vein in her neck throbbed as she sped up her ministrations. My senses roared to life as the feel of the cock head rubbing back and forth against my swollen clit began to cause the first twitches of my impending orgasm to surface. 

I moaned with the sheer pleasure of it all and she stopped her motion completely. 

"No...," I begged. 

She paused for a second more before easing the giant cock into my slick pussy. 

"Yessssss....."

My voice broke and I mumbled incoherently as she filled me up. It was only when I felt the fake balls brush against my cunt lips that she stopped. I'd never felt so full.

"Fuck me," I demanded, barely recognizing my own voice.

I opened my eyes long enough to meet her gaze.

"Now!"

She laughed, but her body was as tense as mine. She was as close as I was and it would be a photo finish as to who came first.

Every nerve in my body caught fire as she began to move. At first, her strokes were torturously slow and long but it only took a few moments for me to start demanding more.

"Faster," I grunted, my voice deep and hoarse.

She grunted a reply and increased her speed.

The sensations were incredible. I could hear the sound of my slick cunt as it grabbed and released the huge rubber cock with each thrust. It wasn't long before coherent thought disappeared and instinct took over.

The monstrous orgasm that shook me to my core lifted me off the bed and buried her even deeper in my slippery cunt. I thrashed and writhed beneath her, incoherent words slipping from my mouth between moans.

When the world faded back into view, I became aware of the fact that she was still buried deep inside me. She had collapsed onto my chest and her glorious tits were pressed hard against mine.

I could feel her heart pounding with unbelievable speed as she fought to catch her breath. I suddenly had the overwhelming urge to taste her beautiful pussy and bring her to the same kind of mind blowing orgasm she had gifted to me.

I gently eased her slight frame off me and rolled her over onto her back. She didn't protest as I released the strap-on from her hips and lay in on the table beside the bed.

Her eyes were hooded as she lay back, watching my movements. She didn't speak. We had been here before. She knew what I wanted and she wanted the same thing.

As soon as I discarded the toy, I licked my lips. To me, this was the best part of our nights together. I loved the taste of her. She was exquisite.

With a feral smile, I kissed her on the lips and slowly began my descent. I paused at the soft spot between her luscious tits and licked my way to each nipple in turn. She loved to have my mouth on her nipples and I knew just what to do.

Each nipple rolled under my tongue and stood to attention. I heard myself moan into her skin as I softly sucked on the hard little pebbles. I loved her breasts. Teasing her to near orgasm just by sucking and licking her nipples was one of my favorite things when we spent these nights together.

I teased her that way for several moments, until she began to squirm and grasp at the back of my head, trying to push me south.

"Lower," she demanded.

With a smile, I obeyed. I could smell her arousal inviting me to bury my face in the folds of paradise as I slid lower on her body.

When I settled between her legs, I held my face inches from her slick folds and drank in the sight that greeted me. She was shaved with just a landing strip leading to the slick, wet cunt lips glistening below me.

She whimpered and squirmed beneath me as I used my fingers to spread the outer lips of her hot snatch. She was wide open and her clit was standing at full attention. I pursed my lips and blew softly on it, causing her to jump in anticipation.

I licked my lips and dove in, dragging my flattened tongue the full length of her snatch. Her clit twitched as I raked my tongue over it and she jerked upward. 

"So good," she moaned. "Faster!"

If she wanted speed, I could definitely oblige.

Curling my tongue, I drove it up and down her slippery cunt lips with all the speed I could muster. Each time I flicked it over her clit, she grunted her pleasure.

After a few moments, I focused my attention solely on that rock hard clit. Pursing my lips, I sucked the tip into my mouth and rolled it around my tongue. Her hips shot off the bed and she made a mewling noise unlike any I'd heard before.

"Now, fuck me," she ordered. I barely recognized her voice. She was close.

I hardened my tongue as much as possible and jabbed it quickly into her juicy cunt. With the thumb of my right hand, I began to massage her clit while fucking her cunt with everything I had. 

The combination of my tongue and thumb was too much. She cried out, her hips completely leaving the bed, as her orgasm washed over her.