 Jessie always loved the woods and the mountains. This was her favorite time of year, spring, and her favorite time of day just as the sun came up. She’d found this spot last spring and drove to it every chance she got. It was so secluded and quiet. The winding path through the woods was old and had been used by many but was now deserted.

As she walked along she listened to the soft breeze through the trees and felt it gently blow her soft cotton dress. The light mist in the air caressed her skin like a lover and made her think of soft hands. She took her shoes off so she could feel the leaves that had gathered over the winter. It was like a carpet that gently tickled the bottoms of her feet and gave her little shivers up her spine.

The birds were out this morning and singing their songs. The squirrels scampered along looking for treasures buried in the winter – treasures that would never be found. Wasn’t that true of life? She had seen so many treasures and dreams come and go and now all she wanted was a quiet, peaceful time in the woods.

Finally she came to the meadow she had been looking for. It was as if the trees opened up just for her to let in the sunshine. There were big boulders all around and the smell of fresh earth and newly blooming flowers. She found her favorite spot and the huge boulder on which she had sunbathed so many times.

The rock was cool as she lay on it and the sun warmed her like a blanket. She closed her eyes and just listened to the sounds of nature. Without even thinking she began to unbutton her dress – no one was around and no one would tell her she couldn’t be free. Her dress fell open softly and she lazily began to explore her body. Her breasts were small with very large nipples that were hard from the excitement that was beginning to stir. She let her hands flow over her breasts and down over her small waist and flat tummy. The sensations were overwhelming – her body moved ever so slightly back and forth against the rock. 

Her hands continued down her thighs and then up the soft skin on her inner thigh. She didn’t want to touch that most sensitive place just yet. She wanted to savor the feelings of nakedness – her oneness with nature. She continued to stroke her body, letting her hands go where they would and enjoying the feel of her smooth skin. She loved touching herself and the arousal was beginning to grow – as she knew it would.

Her hands grazed ever so lightly over her beautifully shaved mound – making large circles that included her thighs and her belly. More and more her hand went to that joyous place, rubbing easily, knowing no one could please her like she pleased herself. The tension of her body increased and she moved again with the rhythm of nature – her hips beginning to thrust upward. She was caught up in her own world – a world of pleasure and fantasy and of total release. She could hear the birds in the background but even they had become insignificant now. 

Her fingers moved into her own wetness and her body jerked slightly at the feeling. Gliding them slowly up over her swollen clit she moaned quietly. She used her other hand to spread her throbbing lips apart so that she had better access to that swollen bud. She put her fingers to her mouth and tasted her own juices – so bittersweet. Now back to that pleasure bud she allowed her fingers to flick it lightly – just enough to make her want to cum but not quite. She would prolong this as much as she could – enjoying the sensations that moved over her entire body. This was her world – it didn’t belong to anyone else and she was totally engulfed in it.

“Excuse me.” Jessie sat upright, pulling her dress around her. How dare anyone invade her private place? Who was this person? She felt her entire body flush with anger and embarrassment. As she looked around to see who would have the nerve to interrupt her she saw the most incredible creature. She was tall with broad shoulders, small breasts and rounded hips. Her chestnut hair hung in long waves down to her waist. She was dressed in jeans and a long shirt with sandals on her feet.

“Excuse me, I didn’t mean to interrupt something so beautiful but I had to know who you are.” The voice was so compelling, so sensual. Jessie had difficulty finding her own voice. She tried to explain that she didn’t think anyone ever came here and she was very embarrassed to be caught like this.

“My name is Elizabeth and I own this property. I’m surprised I haven’t seen you before.” The woman didn’t seem the least bit intimidated by what she’d come upon and she wasn’t at all embarrassed. Jessie finally found her voice and tried to explain how much she loved this meadow and how often she found solace here. The words sounded so empty and phony.

“Please continue what you were doing. It’s the most beautiful sight I’ve seen in a very long time,” said Elizabeth. Jessie was stunned…she didn’t know whether to run or scream or give in to the impulse she had to continue what she was doing. Elizabeth moved closer to her and Jessie drew her dress tighter around her. 

“Please – seeing you get so much pleasure out of your own body is so wonderful and I just want to enjoy watching you.” Jessie was speechless but she couldn’t deny the feeling she had of wanting to go on – to let someone see how much pleasure there was here. She had never wanted to share this before and certainly had never though of sharing it with a woman.

With a little fear and a lot of hesitation she leaned back on the rock and let her dress fall to the side again. She began moving her hands over her body and found that the pleasure was so much more than it had been before. Knowing that someone was watching her made the sensations almost unbearable. With trembling hands she moved to her clit again and found it so swollen and wanting. Her pussy was wet with juices she didn’t know she had. She began to pleasure herself again but this time with more intensity than ever.

She was so close to orgasm and yet she wanted to wait…. to make this last as long as possible. With her eyes closed she could feel every movement, every stroke, every touch so much more. Her body began to tremble even more as she held back the explosion. Then something new and strange happened – there were other hands on her, moving over her warm, glistening body. She didn’t care, didn’t wonder who it was, didn’t want it to stop. She touched the hands that were touching her and guided them to her wetness. Oh god, the feeling was unbelievable. Her hips thrust upward to reach those gentle hands. 

Elizabeth moved down so that her breath was covering that beautiful pussy. She couldn’t hold back any longer. Her tongue glided across Jessie’s clit so lightly and yet it sent shock waves through Jessie’s body. Now Elizabeth began to suck that bud she had seen so clearly as she watched from afar. Her own wetness was growing. She needed release as much as Jessie did.

Elizabeth paused only long enough to quickly remove her jeans then she was back to Jessie, sucking and licking and stroking her pussy. Jessie reached for Elizabeth and moved her hips over to her mouth. She had never done this before and didn’t know what to do but it all seemed so natural. Elizabeth straddled Jessie and slowly lowered her hips so that her pussy was just out of reach. Jessie could take no more – she put her arms around Elizabeth’s hips and pulled her down to her mouth. It was so easy, so wonderful. She sucked on Jessie’s clit like she had done this all her life. She licked her juices and pushed her tongue deep inside Elizabeth. She felt Elizabeth jerk and heard her moan with pleasure.

Both women were so needy but neither could stop the tasting of each other. Both of their bodies tensed as their orgasms came closer. Each wanted to prolong it but neither of them could. They both came in a rapturous flow of sweet pussy juices. They sucked and licked each other clean and then collapsed.

Without a word being said they lay in each other’s arms, kissing so lightly, tasting themselves on each other. They lay that way for a long time as the sun rose in the sky and warmed them. As with all good things, this must end, but not before they shared another time of lovemaking. There would be so many more trips to the woods for both of them. There was a new appreciation of nature and all She is.