 Tina and Alice had been lovers for almost six months now, after first meeting each other at a dyke bar off-campus one night. Two sleek and frisky Literature majors, they confessed to each other that even though both young and older men had been drooling over them for as long as they could remember, it was pussy, rather than cock, that got them steamy. Soon they managed to arrange things so that they could share a dorm room. That sure made things convenient. But, still, a dorm room could be rather limiting, and now they had a wonderful opportunity to spend some intimate time together away from campus and all its gossip. For Alice's aunt Nancy was off to Europe for a two week vacation and offered her niece the use of her secluded Cape Cod beach cottage in her absence.

Now the two of them entered the house, luggage in hand. They put the luggage down and looked around.

"Wow, what a great place," Tina marveled, checking it out.

"Yeah, I always liked coming here."

"It's so great that your aunt let us use it."

"Aunt Nancy is a very generous person."

Tina now squirmed up against her new girlfriend, a sassy smile on her face.

"And little does she know that her niece's roommate also happens to be her lover,

that we not only share a room back on campus, but share some hot, hot pussy!"

"That's not all we share!" Alice said, giving her lover a wet, luscious kiss.

Alice smiled, she loved how brazen Tina could be. Then Tina turned her attention again to the interior of the charming cottage.

"Show me around."

Alice gave Tina a tour which quickly ended in the guest room where they wasted no time tearing off their clothes and making a meal of each other. Many orgasms and a warm shower later, they were up again, continuing the tour of the house. Tina, curious and snoopy, opened a closet in Nancy's bedroom.

"You know, we really shouldn't--" Alice said half-heartedly.

"Oh c'mon, aren't you curious?" Tina said, going through Nancy's belongings.

Finally, on the floor in the very back of the closet Tina noticed a cardboard box, with some curious rubber tubing visible. She bent down to have a look.

"What's all this?" Tina asked.

"Let's have a look," Alice said, bending down with Tina, as curious as Tina now, all reservations about snooping through her aunt's personal things having vanished.

They pulled out the carton and opened it. Inside was an assortment of rubber bags, tubes and nozzles.

"Gee, look at all that. I haven't seen this in years," Alice said.

Tina, curious, started rummaging through the contents of the box.

"What's all this for?" she asked.

"It's for taking douches and enemas."

Tina was startled.

"How do you know? Have you used this kind of stuff before?"

"Once when I was visiting my aunt -- I must've been around fourteen -- she gave me an enema, and showed me how to douche myself."

Tina was savvy enough to know that some dykes liked to play enema games so her curiosity was definitely aroused.

"What was that like? The enema? Douches I've given myself."

"Fun, it felt sort of good actually," Alice confessed.

Suddenly that sassy look returned to Tina's face.

"If it's fun and feels sort of good maybe we should try out some of this stuff ourselves," she suggested. 

Alice hesitated a moment, knowing these were her aunt's personal possessions and were probably stashed in the back of a closet for a good reason. But the thought of getting into some new games with her hot new lover overcame any second thoughts she might have had.

"Sure," Alice said cheerfully, "let's take this box into the bathroom."

They carried the box into the master bathroom. Both were still wearing robes they'd put on after the shower they'd just taken. Now they tore off the robes, leaving them stark naked again. Tina was nearly panting with anticipation

"I'm new to all this, Alice, so you've got to show me the ropes."

"I think I still remember. Why don't you get in the tub and I'll start off by douching you."

Alice got inside the tub and spread her legs wide apart, revealing her pussy. Meanwhile Alice checked the temperature of the water and filled a rubber bag, hanging it on a shower hook. Then she brought the douche nozzle between Tina's legs and sprayed water all over her vulva.

"Oooooh, that feels good! Let's see what it feels like inside."

Alice slid the nozzle inside Tina and rinsed her with the douche, water abundantly flowing in and out of her cunt.

"Mmmmmmh, that feels real nice," Tina purred, spreading wide and showing off.

"You look so sexy with your pussy all wet like that," Alice whispered excitedly staring down, licking her lips.

Finally the bag was empty, the douche completed.

"Now how about giving me an enema?" Tina cooed, laying her sexiest smile on Alice, "It'll be my first, and I'm so curious to see what it's like."

"Are you sure you want to try it?" Alice teased. "You know it's not like a douche where you just get rinsed out. With an enema you get really filled up."

"Well, fill me up and let me feel what it's like," Tina said, frisky as an alley cat as she turned around and wiggled her cute trim bottom at her girlfriend. "I can't wait to have you slide that nozzle up my ass, in my shithole!"

Alice didn't doubt it; she knew what a glutton Tina could be for ass play.

"You want an enema, well I'm going to give you an en-e-ma!" Alice hissed.

Now Tina watched closely as her girlfriend put away the douche bag and lifted another bag from the carton, an enema, rather than a douche nozzle attached to the end of the hose.

"First let's fill up the bag,"Alice said, clamping the hose right above the nozzle. "That's so nothing spills out until we're ready."

Tina watched closely as Alice now filled the bag with water. Then she hung the full, heavy bag from a shower hook.

"Wow! That's a lot!"

"I know you can take it," Alice said, a wicked smile lighting up her face as she came close and gave a Tina a kiss. Recently they had gotten a really big strap-on dildo, more than nine inches long and thick. Alice had rammed every one of the nine inches of that dildo up Tina's ass, her lover loving every thick inch. So she knew that ass of Tina's had the capacity to take a lot!

Now Alice laid the terry cloth bath mat down on the floor.

"Okay, Tina. Why don't you get down there. On your elbows and knees."

Tina eagerly obeyed, scampering to assume the position, provocatively sticking it out for her girlfriend.

"Ooooooh yeah," she squealed. "I'm going to take an enema!"

"You sure are, lover!" Alice said, spreading apart her lover's cheeks, staring at the cute puckered asshole she loved so much. From the first night the two of them had made love they quickly came to realize how much both were addicted to ass play, how their anal clefts were as much of an erotic destination for them as their pussies. They loved licking each other down there, working stiff fingers inside, and burying vibrators and thick rubber dildos up each others' asses. So it was only fitting that they had chanced upon Aunt Nancy's enema equipment. Their anal repertory was about to expand! And get very wet!

"Mmmmh, let's start with a little tongue, shall we?" Alice purred as she brought her face between her lover's smooth cheeks, lapping away at her rubbery hole. Of course less than an hour ago they had been ravenously eating out each others' assholes , but this taste was a prelude to something else -- to Tina's first enema!

"I'll be right back," Alice said, returning to their bedroom to come back with a tube of lubricating jelly, Tina in position, waiting for the games to begin. With Tina keenly watching, Alice squeezed a big dab of the clear jelly onto her fingertips.

"Hold yourself open," Alice said as Tina reached back to spread 'em.

"Oh shit, I'm soooooo excited!" Tina groaned, nearly breathless.

Alice worked the jelly into Tina's crack and then slid a finger inside as Tina pushed back against the probing finger, panting audibly as she waited for the next step.

"Mmmmm, I love your ass so much," Alice whispered as she reached over to give Tina a big kiss.

"And my ass loves all the things you do to it."

"Now I'm gonna do something else, something new."

"I can't wait!" Tina moaned as Alice reached for the nozzle

"Are you ready, Tina? Are you ready for your first enema?"

"Ready as I'll ever be!

Tina held herself wide open again as Alice worked the nozzle into her anus.

"Oh yes! Stick it inside me! Stick it inside my shithole!"

Somehow it always excited Tina to call it her 'shithole.'

Tina's enthusiasm, as always, excited Alice so much.

"You're going to love this," Alice said as she released the clamp.

"Oh-- oh--oh God--"Tina groaned as she began to feel the enema enter her.

"You like it?

"It feels so strange! So strange, but so good!"

Tina, reliably expressive during sex play, squirmed and groaned as the enema emptied into her rectum.

"I'm starting to feel kind of full."

"That's how you're supposed to feel," Alice said, looking up at the bag and seeing that maybe half the enema had flowed inside her lover's bottom.

"I-- I-- I don't know if I can take much more," Tina groaned..

Alice squeezed the bag, seeing it was almost empty.

"You've just about taken the whole bag.

"I think I've got to go now," Tina said, wincing, gritting her teeth.

Hold it in a little longer."

"But I'm getting cramps."

"Here, this'll help," Alice said, reaching under to gently massage Tina's swollen belly.

"That's better."

"Good, hold it just a little longer, okay?"

"O-- O-- okay," Tina panted, beads of sweat breaking out on her forehead.

Finally Alice pulled out the nozzle as Tina got up and rushed to the toilet.

"Turn around. I want to see it coming out," Alice said, as Tina quickly reversed positions on the toilet, her back to Alice. She also made sure to lift her bottom a few inches off the toilet seat so her girlfriend could see it all. Alice knew that Tina was a show-off, a real exhibitionist who loved it lewd and nasty.

Now, as Alice reached down to hold Tina open, she watched the enema rush out of the spigot of Tina's anus.

"Wow, look at you go!" Tina hissed.

"I feel so full; I got so much inside me."

"Two quarts to be exact," Tina said. Using a quart pitcher, that's how much water she had poured into the bag.

"Two quarts, wow!" Tina said, looking lewdly over her shoulder at Alice as she expelled. 

Finally, after she had expelled every last drop, Alice crumpled up some toilet paper and reached in between her girlfriend's cheeks, lovingly wiping her off. 

"What service, an enema and a wipe," Tina giggled.

"All flushed out."

"Now how about I give you an enema?" Tina suggested, eager to reciprocate.

"Exactly what I'm in the mood for," Alice said, getting down on the mat on all fours, sticking out her perfect butt nice and high.

"Mmmmmh, I am going to seriously flush out that ass of yours!" Tina hissed.

"Haven't had it flushed out since my aunt flushed it out when I was fourteen."

They both gazed into Aunt Nancy's carton, at all the equipment.

"How about this one?" Alice said reaching into the carton and pulling out a bag shaped like a soft rubber pumpkin, a bag that looked like it could really expand. And attached to it was an especially large, evil-looking black nozzle.

"Yeah, that one looks nasty!" Tina hissed, taking it from Alice. Then, following Tina's cues, she made sure to clamp the hose. Then she filled it with two quarts, according to the measuring cup, the 'pumpkin' bag expanding obscenely, and hung it high

"I can't wait!" Alice gasped.

"I can't wait to give it to you," Tina whispered in Alice's ear, then slid her face down and buried her tongue into the crack of Alice's ass, licking her hole thoroughly before applying the lube and working it inside with a stiff finger.

"My ass loves your finger!"

"Your ass is going to love this nozzle," Tina said, pulling out her finger and taking hold of the nozzle, working it into Alice's lubed, expectant asshole.

"Oh God, slide it in!" Alice begged, showing her excitability.

"It's enema time!" Tina said, sticking it in deep, then releasing the clamp, letting it flow.

"Holy shit! That feels so fuckin' hot. Now I remember why I loved it so much when my aunt gave me one!"

They both stared up at the bag, watching its contents empty into Alice's rectum, filling up with warm water now, Tina working the nozzle in and out until the bag was empty.

"Okay, I'm going to pull it out now," Tina said.

"Wait," Alice said, reaching back to take hold of Tina's wrist. "I feel like having just a little more."

"Wow, you're really going to get filled up."

"I can take it."

So Tina added another cupful of water to the bag, resuming the enema. Tina stared down at the sight. It made her clit twitch. There was her lover's perfect ass, those smooth, firm buttocks she loved so much. And sitting obscenely between them, a menacing black nozzle. And rising from that nozzle a hose and then the bag. Something about giving Alice an enema was really getting to Tina.

"How about I spank you a little?"

"Good idea!"

They loved to spank each other as part of sex play. And usually it was Alice who was getting spanked and Tina who was spanking her. So now Tina began to spank Alice as the enema continued to flow inside her. 

"Oh yeah, slap my ass! Slap it an fill it!" Alice shrieked, aroused beyond belief by the delicious combo of an enema filling her bottom and the sharp sting of Tina's hand.

Finally the bag was empty.

"Pull it out! Pull it out! I've got to go right away!"

 Tina pulled out the nozzle as Alice rushed to the toilet, assuming the same position as Tina had. Tina dropped to her knees for a close-up view, holding Alice's cheeks open, staring at her asshole. And then it came, Niagara Falls, as the enema rushed out of Alice's bloated bottom.

"Yeah, do it! Blast it!" an overexcited Tina urged as her girlfriend emptied her bottom right before her eyes. She was so full it seemed like she'd be going forever and that was fine with Tina, who could've stared at the obscene sight all night long.

Then, finally, she wiped Alice's ass.

"You know what we should do now?" Tina said, a wicked smile on her face.

"What?"

"Strap on a couple of thick ones and screw each other up the ass. That seems like the perfect thing to do after a couple of big enemas."

"Sounds like a plan," Alice purred, reaching over to give her girlfriend a luscious, appreciative kiss. 

 

A week later, earlier than she expected, Alice's aunt Nancy returned to her Cape Cod cottage. She had meant to give her niece warning that she'd be returning earlier than planned, but the phones had been out of order at the airport in Europe. So she'd be surprising her niece with her earlier than expected arrival.

The cab let her off at the door, a svelte, ravishingly beautiful woman of thirty-four, a fashion consultant. She was Alice's mom's much younger sister, hardly what you'd think of as an 'aunt.' Consequently, she and her niece had always had unusually good rapport.

Nancy rang the buzzer but when there was no answer she reached for her keys and let herself in.

"Hello? Anybody home?"

There was no response, though she could hear loud music which made her think someone, in fact, was at home. Entering, she looked around. Passing the open door of her bathroom she was shocked to see her enema equipment strewn around. Shocked and somewhat annoyed.

She headed towards her bedroom, the music getting louder as she approached. She looked in on quite a sight. There, stark naked, were her niece and her niece's roommate dancing to some funky song, grinding against each other sexily as they moved to the bass-heavy beat, completely oblivious to the fact that Nancy was standing in the doorway, staring at them .

"My, my what have we here?" Nancy said, making herself known as the two girls turned to see her, startled, their mouths agape.

"Aunt Nancy? But-- uh-- you're home a week early..."

"That seems rather obvious, doesn't it?

Nancy looked over at Tina, taking in her lean, lovely, thoroughly exposed body.

"Would you care to introduce me to your friend?"

"Oh... yeah, sure... I'm sorry," Alice stuttered. "This is my roommate, Tina. I told you she'd be coming to stay with me here, didn't I?"

"Your 'roommate'? Hmmmmh? Do you and your roommate always dance naked like this? It's quite sight, you know?"

Alice seemed a little nervous, but Tina thrust forward her young, sexy body rather wantonly and proudly, showing off for the older woman. She and Alice had talked plenty about her aunt, concluding that Nancy was probably gay, if not bi. That's probably why, Tina teased Alice, Aunt Nancy had been so eager to stick an enema nozzle up her niece's pubescent ass years ago.

"Oh the two of us can we quite a sight," an unabashed, uninhibited Tina said, wiggling her body as she got behind Alice and reached around to cup her breasts.

"Tina! Stop!" Alice said, suddenly blushing. "Not in front of my aunt!"

"Oh, I don't mind," Nancy said. "I like to see sexy young girls having fun."

"See, I told you," Tina said to Alice.

"But there is something else I do mind," Nancy said, her voice turning more severe. "What is all that doing out in the bathroom?"

Alice knew her aunt was talking about the enema stuff, and she didn't know what to say. She felt numb.

"The items kept in that box you opened are very personal. And were certainly not meant to be used without my permission."

"Gee... uh... I'm sorry," Alice sputtered nervously. "It's just that... uh... Tina and me were just so curious... about... all that... uh... stuff..."

"Yeah, we just dying to try it out," Tina said calmly, looking straight at Nancy, sending her sexiest gaze in the older woman's direction.

"Really? Well now that you've tried it, did you enjoy it?"

Alice was still a little tongue-tied, but Tina felt brazen.

"Oh we enjoyed it alright. Our bottoms have been getting quite a workout."

Nancy was quickly becoming intensely excited by these two naked nineteen year olds, especially knowing now that they had used her enema equipment.

"Yeah, we've gotten pretty good at it," Alice said, relaxing now, getting right into the sexy groove with her lover and her aunt.

"Well, then. I may ask you to demonstrate your skills so I can judge for myself."

Then Nancy eyed her niece firmly.

"But first we must attend to another matter. Alice, you were not given permission to help yourselves to the use of my most intimate possessions."

Tina and Alice steal a glance now that Nancy has returned to chastising them for their transgression.

"I can't blame you, Tina, since you were invited here as my niece's guest," Nancy said, turning to Alice now. "But you, Alice, I do hold you responsible."

Nancy sits down on a chair in the spacious bathroom.

"Please get over my lap, Alice."

"Why, Aunt Nancy? What are you going to do?" Alice asked, a tad worriedly.

"Just do what I say," Nancy said sternly as Alice, blushing again, draped herself over her aunt's knees, trim, perky bottom facing up.

"A little punishment is now due for your transgression," Nancy said as she began to spank her niece's firm, springy buttocks.

"Oh wow! This is great! I get to watch your aunt spank your ass!" Tina squealed excitedly. She knew quite well how much her lover enjoyed being spanked, frequently spanking Alice herself. Alice though, blushing deeper than ever, found it a little embarrassing to watch herself, helpless now, being spanked like this.
