 Enlightened Descent, is a novelette that explores the relationship between two close friends. Neither was aware of the other's sexual attraction, and so it is a revelation when they discover their mutual desires. They soon learn that there are very distinct differences in the roles they wish to play however, and this leads to some very entertaining reading. 

This story deals with various aspects of the lesbian lifestyle, as well as BDSM, extreme autoeroticism, humiliation and fetish play. 

Enjoy! 

Saphhia 

*****  

Chapter Two 

"I've been watching you, you know." Penny admitted, still seeming to admire me in my birthday suit. "You really are completely over the top, sexually speaking." I wondered how she could know this, simply by catching me in my car, naked. 

"What do you mean you've been watching me?" I suddenly had a very uneasy feeling course through me, my eyes darting around as though there might be some hidden device or something. 

"Do you remember the first time we met?" She sat across from me, and somehow, my being naked was even more uncomfortable. "I had locked myself out of my apartment, do you remember?" I nodded. "Well, I noticed some very odd things about you that evening. You see, Allison, I'm a very observant person, and I see things most people would ordinarily overlook." I suddenly knew where this was going, and I found myself incredibly embarrassed. "What were you doing just before I knocked, that evening? Don't lie, because it will only go worse for you if you do." Penny looked at me, eye to eye, and I just knew I was going to tell her everything. 

 "I was watching porn, on the internet." It wasn't as painful as I thought it would be. 

"What was it and what were you doing while you were watching it?" She was going to drag this out of me. 

"I was masturbating, okay." I hung my head, looking at my hairless pussy, which was beginning to come alive, strangely enough. She raised her eyebrows. "It was a rape scene, and I was getting off on it." She stood and walked over to my notebook, placing her finger on the touchpad and bringing up the excruciatingly humiliating thread I had been following on Tumblr. 

"You really get off on this stuff?" She swiped downward, revealing more of the images, which depicted women being bound and whipped, their mouths gagged open and drooling. "Tsk, Tsk, you naughty little slut." She giggled. "Then again, I'm not all that surprised, considering what I've seen you do on your webcam, for all your kinky admirers." 

"What! How did you..." 

"Oh, you really ought to be more careful Allison. Hasn't anyone ever told about securing your wi-fi connection?" I had never even thought. "It was quite a simple thing to tap into your feed and record every little obscene and ludicrous thing you did, while you performed. Why, some of it was so shocking that I even felt embarrassed for you, vicariously." My juices were streaming out of me, and it was the most humiliating experience to know that she had seen, well, everything. 

"How long have you been...watching me?" She twisted a smile from the corner of her mouth, peering down at me in my obviously aroused state. 

"You know, your whole apartment smells like your cunt." Her words threw me into a spin and I had the most irresistible urge to spread my legs and masturbate right there, in front of her. "I suppose every piece of furniture in this place has your pussy tracks all over it, right?" Oh my god! This was torture. "Why, you probably want to play with yourself right now, don't you?" She spouted, stooping down in front of me so her face was only a foot from my streaming cunt. "What are you waiting for, slut?" She smiled again, and that was all the encouragement I needed. 

My legs splayed out as if on springs, revealing the sopping mess that my pussy had become under her humiliating attack. In an instant, my fingers were vigorously frigging, my hairless lips slopping and smacking, to Penny's absolute delight. "I think you should use this." She reached over to an end table and picked an award I had received from my company. "For outstanding service." She admired the small statuette for a moment and then handed it to me. The idea of using something that meant so much to me, to basically fuck myself, was horrifying. But as I held the base of it, the urge to satisfy whatever she needed me to do, overwhelmed me, and I slowly inserted the top portion inside me. 

"Oh, god, this is so humiliating." I whimpered, feeling the shoulders of the statue try to enter me. 

"I think you can do better than that, now fuck yourself with it, go on." She leaned in and pressed on the base and my offending left hand, forcing the award deep inside my cunt. "Much better, slut. Now fuck yourself with it." And I did. I thrust the thing in and out as the fingers on my right hand continued their assault on my clit. "I wonder how your boss would feel if he saw you abusing a company award in such a disrespectful manner?" She motioned over her shoulder and I realized with a start that the light on my webcam was on. She had recorded the entire thing. Instead of being shocked into reality, it only served to fuel my humiliation, driving me over the top, in a heart stopping orgasm, which ripped through me like a tidal wave. 

"Holy shit!" Shouting in a whispered rasp, I collapsed into a heap sliding off the sofa and onto the floor at her feet. 

"Oh, this is going to be so much fun, for me anyway." She stepped over me on her way to the door. "You'll be hearing from me soon, my little slut." I shuddered as the door clicked, and I wondered what on earth might happen from there. Surely, she didn't intend to blackmail me. 

The following morning, as I was readying myself for work, a text came in on my phone. I never got texts so early, nothing work related, so I assumed that it was Penny. 

Penny: I enjoyed our little conversation last night, Allison. I trust that you found it equally as satisfying. I slipped an envelope under your door, late, and I would like you to read through it at your earliest opportunity. During work today, would be ideal. 

 I looked over to the door, and sure enough, there was a manila legal envelope with its one corner still lodged under the door. I quickly picked it up, and even thought to open it right then, but there must have been a reason for her to suggest I read it at work. I refrained, and would do as she asked. Lord knows if she already had intentions of using any of the untold hours of video against me somehow. 

I would have to set a password for my wi-fi that evening when I got home, and this would hopefully prevent her from any further snooping into my personal life. I quickly downed a cup of coffee, and rifled through a bagel. I was already late however, so I was quickly out the door, Penny's envelope safely stashed in my briefcase. 

The drive to Philadelphia was tedious, the morning traffic heavier than it usually was. It was going to be a late day, but I could always blame it on this bumper to bumper jam. It was close to nine-thirty by the time I pulled into the ramp at our offices. I dreaded the look I would get from my boss as I strode in at this hour. Fortunately, he was in a meeting, so I was off the hook. I opened my case, and eyed the envelope as I took out my notebook and set it on my desk. 'Not now, maybe at lunch.' 

I was having trouble concentrating on my conversations, as I kept thinking about that damned thing. What was in there? I finally realized that I would get nothing constructive done until I had at least learned what it contained. I flipped up the closure tabs and found a single sheet of paper inside. It was obviously typewritten, so I did not feel self conscious about taking it out and reading it. 

Allison: 

First, I think it only fair to inform you that I have amassed a significant library of video, all garnered from your webcam over the last month or so. It amounts to nearly twenty hours of very explicit and humiliating scenes, which you were so good as to provide via your unprotected wi-fi. I do not intend to scare you with this knowledge, as I have no intention of blackmailing you. (without your permission.) Therein lies the crux of my desire. 

Judging from the content, most of your video depicts you performing acts that others have demanded that you perform for them, through one forum or the other. My aim is to take control of this aspect of your life. I think that you desire someone to do this, and would do almost anything to achieve your sexual gratification in this manner. This is my sincere hope. 

I have no intention of causing you harm, or putting you into a situation that would find too dangerous or too intimidating. I do however, want you to have a reason to perform for me as well as you can, and for this reason, I am proposing this: 

From this moment forward, you will do exactly as I ask, when I ask it, and without hesitation or question. You will document these 'tasks' if you will, on your cell phone when out, or your webcam when at home. Failure to complete a task will result in one demerit. If you reach ten demerits, then all your video files will be sent in their entirety to both your family and your employer. At this point, we can begin at the beginning, although I would assume your life would be in ruins at this point, and you may no longer wish to continue. An escape clause exists at this point, for that reason. 

All my assigned tasks will be of a sexual nature, designed to humiliate or embarrass you in some way. None will interfere with your job or your personal life in any manner. I think that you need some form of control, and I would like to be that force. I see you spiraling into a dangerous pattern of self exposure and risk, and I worry that actions such as the ones I witnessed yesterday, can only lead to your arrest or worse. 

If, for whatever reason, you do not wish to proceed with this agreement, you are free to walk away. I will destroy the video that I have, and not record anything further. If, however, you do wish to accept my proposal, then there are two things that I need you to do. 

1. You will set up a password for your wi-fi by typing 123.23.1.1 in the command line on your computer. It will ask you to set up a password. In the space provided you will type: 

slut4penny 

Click on the SAVE & EXIT tab in the lower right. You must enter this password the first time you log on, after that your notebook should remember it. That will also apply to your phone and any other devices that you might have. 

2. You will email me the password to your cloud account, so that I have access to the video that you take with your phone. 

Once you have done these two things, you have essentially given me access to your life, and I will begin controlling you. You have until midnight tonight to make a decision, any later and the deal will be off the table. 

Penelope 

 "Holy shit." I whispered under my breath. I immediately put the paper back into the envelope, and hid it under some papers in my case. I could sense the moisture between my thighs as I contemplated the ramifications of any such agreement. Looking around, I noticed that Mr. Brodin was back in his office. I wondered if he saw me reading. If he had, he would never know that the document I held could alter my life completely. 

Penny was right in some ways about my spiraling behavior. The risks that I was taking, were becoming more and more bold, and it would only be a mater of time before something happened that I would inevitably regret. But, would I regret this? In essence, I would be giving her complete control of my sexual life. The idea both aroused me and frightened me. 

My thoughts were clearer after that, and I was able to concentrate on the work at hand. They were so clear in fact that I wondered if I had already accepted her proposal in my mind. The ride back to Milford was every bit as trying as the ride in, but my thoughts were well occupied by my impending decision. Would I do this? Would my incessant sex drive allow me to do anything else? It was blackmail, however she wanted to wrap it. Was it really though? All I had to do was forget it, and everything would go away. Is it really blackmail if I enter into it of my own free will? Probably not. 

Committing to it, that was the issue. Once I had succumbed to her proposal, then it was very much a blackmail situation. It wasn't extortion; she did not want money or any gain for herself, other than whatever enjoyment she got out of controlling me. I began to look at it more as a contract than blackmail. Obviously, the consequences for not meeting her demands were dire, and this is part of what made me so aroused. The thought of all those videos, with all those demeaning and humiliating things I had done, being sent to my boss, and my family. Oh my god. My life would be ruined beyond repair. 

As I closed the door to my apartment, nothing was different. Everything was as I had left it that morning. I set my briefcase down next to my desk, and pulled out the notebook, sliding it carefully onto the glass surface of my desk. Plugging it in, I headed to the bedroom to undress. If I was going to do this, I was going to be naked. There was something so different in the way I felt. As I removed each piece of clothing, it was as though I would never be the same again. Perhaps I wouldn't be? I could smell myself as I stripped out of my panties. "These got a work out today." I motioned with my mouth, dropping them in the sink and running some hot water over the dampened satin. 

The kitchen floor was cold as I tiptoed over to the fridge to extract a bottle of Chardonnay I had opened two days before. The frosty cold bottle tickled against my belly as I struggled with the cork, which finally yielded. A small splash landed on my breasts as the wine sloshed about in the bottle, before I could pour a generous fill into the waiting globe. I glanced over at my desk and the small innocuous computer which would soon be the mechanism of such submission. Was there any doubt in my mind about this? I wanted there to be at least a small amount of resistance, but there was none. 

 Carefully setting the glass down on the smoky glass surface, I opened my computer and watched as the screen glowed to life. Some small part of me wanted to shut the thing and never look back until it was too late. The larger and less scrupulous side if me, would have nothing to do with any refusal. I reached down and removed the manila envelope, emptying its contents onto the desk. The thin white page slithered down and landed across the keyboard, face up. Wasting no time, I called up the address she had given me, and a framework of task buttons appeared on the screen. There, at the bottom of the screen, was the 'set password' tab she spoke of. Clicking on it, an empty field appeared, into which I typed her designated word for access to my wi-fi. 

 I hesitated only for a moment, and then clicked on the 'save' button. Immediately, my screen went black, and I wondered if I had done something wrong. After a few seconds, a small picture appeared on the screen, and I knew immediately it was of me, in a naked and ludicrous pose, my fingers buried deep inside my cunt, and my tits tied up tightly with some cord, so that they projected like points from my chest. They were tied so tightly in fact, that they had turned a shade of blueish purple. Suddenly the image came to life, and it showed me bouncing my ridiculous tits off each hand as they grew more and more dark. 

The scene was from a night several weeks before, when I had been asked to perform breast bondage on myself for a particular fan of mine. The video was in a loop now, and it was almost humorous in the way it repeated. 

"This was the very first video I saw when I broke into your system, slut. Can you imagine my surprise?" 

 The words were printed across the bottom of the screen below the video, and it made me feel completely humiliated to know that she had seen this particular scene. It had taken a full day for the rope marks to fade from my breasts, and I am quite certain that they had never been quite as perky since. 

"Now, email me the password to your cloud account, and your acceptance will be finalized." 

 I was unable to keep my fingers away from myself as I pulled up my email account, and sent her the password. With that, she could access nearly anything in my phone, my contacts, and of course my videos and pictures. A few minutes later, came a knock on my door. 

Not expecting her to visit me in person, I was caught off guard. I snuck up to the peep hole to be sure it was her. I was not disappointed. 

"Open the door, Allison." Was all she said, having probably seen my shadow in the tiny lens. I did as she asked, revealing myself in my naked and very much aroused state. "Give me your spare key." Was all she said as she strode past me in the small entry hall. I remembered her letter and the demand that all her requests be honored immediately and without question. Taking the spare key from the drawer in the desk, I handed it to her. 

"It is the only other key I have, and it is yours." She smiled with my admission, hooking the key onto her own ring. 

"Very good slut." She laughed. "You really are just the most incredible slut, aren't you Allison? She asked, in all seriousness. 

"Yes, Penny, I am an incredible slut." I stood before her, totally naked, my juices running uncontrolled down the inside of my thighs. 

"You did everything I asked you to do, so you know what this means?" She smirked. 

"That you are in control, and I have to obey you?" I mewled, my head dropping to my feet in humiliation. 

"Yes, and without hesitation. We don't want to start accumulating demerits now, do we?" I shook my head, in anticipation of some crazy, off the wall demand she was about to make. Instead she simply laughed, and told me how foolish I was. "Do you have any idea the power you have just given me? Why, you may as well be my slave, Allison." In fact, the idea of being her slave made me gush, and it was all I could do to keep a straight face as she admonished me. "Put on some clothes, we're going out." I quickly did as she asked, throwing on a pair of jeans and a blouse. 

She led the way through the complex, but insisted that we take my car. We drove and drove until we were in a part of the city I did not recognize. She told me to pull over into a parking lot, and a very seedy little corner it was. Getting out, she told me that this my first real test. "Go over to that shop over there, and tell him to do exactly what it says on this piece of paper. You will not look at the paper until he hands it back to you." She pushed me from behind, and I felt as though I would melt into the pavement. 

Holding the folded piece of paper in my hand, I walked across to the dimly lit shop. It wasn't until I was directly in front that I realized it was a tattoo shop. My mouth dropped open, and looking back at Penny, I could see her pointing to her watch. "No hesitation." I said under my breath. I walked into the place, and it smelled of cheap bourbon and cigarettes. A skinny little man, with severely cropped hair, came up from the back of the shop, pushing aside a grimy grey curtain. 

"You lookin' for somthin' girly?" I held out my hand and deposited the folded piece of paper into his ink stained fingers. He scowled, unfolded the paper, and I thought his eyes would bug out of his head. "Is this some kinda joke?" 

"No joke, I need you to do exactly what it says." I hung my head, as I had no idea what insidious thing was written on that note. 

"Well, if you're sure, come on in the back." He led me behind the curtain and told me to lower my jeans and panties, and lie on my back on his filthy leather bench. The leather was stained with god knows what, but it reeked of stale sweat. I wanted to run, I mean really wanted to, but I dared not fail Penny in my very first task. I did as he asked and exposed myself to this frightening little man. I saw him toss the wrinkled paper in the trash behind him, and so went my only clue as to what I could expect from this little visit. 
