 When Lily was finished with me, she stood behind the chair and lifted me back into an upright position. 

"You look bitchin' hot with no hair."

I must have smiled at her approval of my brand new look. I made a slight move to get out of the chair but Lily placed her hands on my shoulders and held me down.

"You are not going anywhere."

"I've got to show Gillian my bald head."

"That will come later."

She removed her hands from my shoulders and took my hand, helping me out of the chair. I stood there rather shakily as she undid the cape and then began to undo my blouse. 

I felt like there was nothing that I could do. She had shaved me bald and made love to me and now I felt completely in her control. I allowed myself to be undressed completely and my naked body whisked free of cut hair.

"Very good," she said as she noted my compliance. "You are going to be the perfect smooth slave that we have always wanted."

We?

Lily continued to control me. First she made me bend over with my forearms resting on the counter. Then as I watched in the mirror, she applied some cold cream to her hands and began to spread the cheeks of my buttocks. 

When she began to press one of her fingers against my sphincter, I tightened it reflexively and pleaded with her to stop.

"You will have to be gagged you hairless slut," was her response. Somewhere she found a red ball gag which she forced between my teeth and tied around my shaved nape so that I could not cry out. Then she slowly and firmly insinuated her slippery finger inside my behind. It felt painful at first until she started to slowly slide it in and out of me.

"You will be easy to train," she said as she watched my face in the mirror. 

After forcing her finger inside me, she took hold of my wrists and twisted them behind my back so she could use silvery tape to secure them together. Then she pulled me upright and turned me around so I was facing her. She made me spread my legs as wide as I could and then she showed me what she called her cat-o-nine-tails. It consisted of a number of flat leather thongs that were woven into hard leather handle. She used it to flick my bare abdomen. Then she began to swish it between my legs stinging me but not breaking the skin. I moaned helplessly around the ball gag as she punished me.

She flicked her little flogger across my depilated belly perhaps a dozen times and then set it aside, announcing that future sessions would be more severe. 

My nipples were erect giving evidence to the fact that what she had done to me had aroused me in some inexplicable way. Seeing them so rigid, Lily pinched each of them with her fingers causing me to wince once more. I had never felt so vulnerable but I was very excited by her rough play.

She turned me around and made sure the gag was secure then she showed me another one of her toys. It was a leather thong with two short plastic phalluses inside it. She called it her slave pants and explained that the two protuberances were designed to fill the slave's orifices. 

She bent me over the counter with my hands behind my back. Using the cold cream on the short thick butt plug part, she slowly forced it inside where her finger had recently deflowered me. The plug was very uncomfortable but she held it in place while she opened me up with the dildo portion of the device and then secured the whole thing.

She stood me up and turned me around. The slave pants raped me as she moved me to the chair once more. I sat on the edge of the seat while Lily took the time to undo my blouse, remove my bra and paint my nipples with bright red lipstick.

She left me sitting there, hairless, gagged and bound while she picked up her phone and dialed a number. I listened to her side of the conversation.

"She is ready.......yes completely. You will be pleased.......I will bring her there in about 20 minutes."

***

Lily covered my nude, hairless body with a loose linen gown which she belted at the waist. My shaved head was covered with a floppy hat that shaded my face and made the gag in my mouth look less obvious. Then she took my arm and led me carefully to the car which was parked behind her salon.

I sat beside her in the passenger seat as she drove to a part of town where the houses were very large and on big lots. She pulled up to a wrought iron gate and announced herself in a speaker at the side. The gate swung open and then closed behind us when she drove through. We parked in a shaded area on the right side of the stone house and I could see a ravine beyond a line of giant oak trees.

Lily had made me wear my heels and with my wrists taped behind my back I nearly fell twice on the cobbled driveway as we made our way to the house. She grabbed my arm and supported me until we entered the house through a side door.

There was a small hall where Lily held me and began to undress me. She removed the floppy hat that covered my head and smiled at her handiwork, running her hands over my shaved scalp. Then she undid the sash around my waist and slid the gown off me.

I stood there with my wrists behind my back and the slave pants penetrating me front and back. Lily slapped me hard across the face and grabbed my shoulder before I could fall. The ball gag muffled my cry and she held me until I was stable. 

From another room I could hear women talking and laughing.

"You will be the belle of the ball," said Lily as she pushed me towards the voices.

As we approached the main room, I realized that one of the voices was Gillian and that she would be witness to my humiliation. I paused at the large double door but Lily pushed me through and suddenly I was there for all to see.

Gillian looked at me and smiled at my helplessness. She set her glass of white wine on a table and approached me.

"You look fabulous," she said stroking my head and my bare breasts.

"She does," echoed the familiar voice of Nadine Whitman who was one of Gillian's main advertising clients. 

Nadine moved behind me and reached around to cup my breasts while Gillian undid the gag and began kissing me. Apparently I was to be everyone's toy!

Nadine began caressing me and kissing the back of my head while Gillian explored my front side.

"She has been plugged," explained Lily as she undid my slave pants and slowly withdrew the two intruding phalluses. Gillian's hand pressed on my smooth mound while Nadine began to explore between my cheeks. 

There were so many hands and mouths caressing me when Lily joined in that my senses were overloaded. My nipples were pinched; each of my orifices were gently probed and my mouth was filled with tongues and fingers.

I was helpless to resist but the sensations were too intense to even try as the three women drove me to the most exquisite pleasures.

I was pushed to my knees and forced to kneel between Nadine's silk stockings and pay homage to her smooth mound and nether lips. Her hands pulled my shaved head to her as my lips and tongue worked their magic. I had not expected to be turned into a pleasure slut but as Gillian watched and exhorted me, I stayed at my task until Nadine moaned loudly before releasing my head.

"She has a wonderful mouth," sighed the redhead as she lay back.

Lily took a seat on the sofa and pulled me into position to continue my oral servitude. Then it was Gillian's turn.

Gillian caressed my head gently as my mouth and tongue kissed her smooth cleft. Her familiar smell and taste made me forget my total subjugation. For long minutes it felt like we were alone with each other.

Gillian gasped with pleasure and stroked my scalp softly as she fell back against the cushions. No one spoke. The only sound in the room was breathing both heavy and quiet. I was bound and unable to get up from my knees so I waited to find out what was next for me.

It was Nadine who finally spoke. 

"Put her in the spare room. We will find something to do with her after we have had supper."