 Nikki walked in the front door and before she could turn to close it, she found herself backed against the entry way wall. Hands began to roam over her body and in the darkness she felt her lover's lips meet her own. 

God Jess knew how to kiss. Her lips teased Nikki with just the right amount of want and need. Her tongue knew just the right way to caress Nikki's lower lip. It wasn't long before both women were on the road to overheating. 

Nikki let her keys drop to the floor on one side of them and as her free hand found her woman's face, she felt the buttons on her blouse pop open. Jess didn't want to waste anytime when it came to getting Nikki naked and ready for her. 

Between the buttons hitting the floor, small sounds of sexual need could be heard coming from both of them. Nikki felt herself pulled away from the wall long enough for her blouse to be pulled completely off. All that was left on her now was her skirt and panties and she knew by the way Jess was going at it, they'd be gone shortly. 

Nikki's back hit the cold wall briefly before arching off it when one of her nipples was sucked into her lover's warm, wet mouth. She found her hands weaving thru Jess's hair to hold on and make sure she didn't abandon her nipple too soon.

With her mouth hard at work on a nipple, Jess kept Nikki pinned to the wall with one hand and slid the other down between them. She reached up under Nikki's skirt and wrapped her fingers around the thin fabric of her panties and with one hard tug, she ripped off and out of the way. 

Nikki couldn't help but gasp outloud when she felt her panties rip. She loved it when Jess got "tough" on her and took control. She was wet almost instantly. 

With the panties gone, Jess released the hard nipple from her mouth and slipped down to her knees. She pushed Nikki's skirt up over her hips and stroked her hands just lightly enough over her baby's thighs, to get them to part for her. 

Nikki knew what was coming but that didn't stop her from begging for it just a bit. 

"Eat my pussy," She whimpered "Please?"

Jess loved hearing Nikki ask for it and rewarded her by diving right in. Her tongue wasted no time teasing and went directly for the clit. Nikki moaned and bucked against Jess's mouth. When she felt the tongue probe deep into her pussy Nikki couldn't help herself. She grabbed on to Jess with both hands and met her tongue thrust for thrust. 

Jess knew it wouldn't be long before Nikki lost all control. She loved being cornered and just taken as much as anything. Jess had given her no real choice in this scenerio and from the sounds escaping Nikki's lips, she'd made the right decision. 

Deciding it was time to make her woman cry out with pleasure, Jess once again found Nikki's clit and sucked on it hard. Two of her fingers found themselves buried deep in Nikki's soaked pussy, sliding in and out with ease. Using them like a little cock she fucked her hard and fast.

Nikki could barely stand she was in so much pleasure. She could feel her pussy tightening and knew she was going to cum. Hanging on to Jess's shoulder for support, she threw her head back and cried out.

"Oh God baby, I'm gonna cum!" 

Jess used that as her signal and caught Nikki's clit in between her teeth and tugged on it just enough to send Nikki over the edge. She felt her pussy tighten around her fingers just as Nikki screamed out in orgasm. Her body thrashed between Jess and the wall as she came hard. 

Jess replaced her fingers once again with her tongue. She held on to Nikki's hips to keep her close as her tongue probed deep into her sensitive pussy. She licked and caressed while Nikki's body rode out the waves of her orgasm. 

Gasping and weak, Nikki pulled Jess gently from her pussy and slid down the wall. Jess leaned over and softly kissed the exposed nipple that was once again infront of her. Flicking her tongue lightly over it until she heard Nikki's breath catch again. 

"You keep that up baby, and I'll have to get even with you." Nikki warned

"I'd like to see you try." Jess responded before nipping at the nipple quickly with her teeth. 

Nikki moaned again and felt her body respond to the sweet torture. She could get even later, she thought to herself. Right now this felt like heaven and she wasn't about to stop Jess from having her way again.