 Due to the lack of privacy around, we go to a hotel, slipping into the room like children, all giddy and impish. We close the door, and the tone, transforms, you kiss me so hard that with a gentle push we are laying on the bed with you on top of me, trying to control the tempo of our kiss. But I take over, rolling you onto your back, and kissing you hard enough to hear you let of a little moan. We caress and touch, through our clothes, for an at least an hour, we’ve have mustarded up a lot of zealous sweat, by the fight for control. Passionate kisses, caresses, touches, back and forth. You’re touching my breast through my shirt, and my knee, between your legs, building up pressure. My knees rhythm fluctuates, between fast and hard, and soft and slow. Moans escape you. Your tongue dances with mine, back and forth. My mouth making its way from your neck to your ears, nibbling ever so delicately on them and moaning softly.  

We have been drenched in a passionate sweat, so we go to the shower, together of course, for fear, that the passion may be ill fitting or lost by the time we are both through. You take off your clothes first, and I am almost speechless to how beautiful you are. I am almost ashamed to lose my clothing, to the floor. You turn the water on, wait for it to warm up, and give me a long hot-blooded kiss, in a room that is filling up with steam. I go to the back of the shower, letting the water cascade over your body, the exoticness of each drop of water that falls down your back. Its all a little much for me to take, I must kiss your back. I slowly kiss my way up and down you back. Then, I wash your body gently, taking extra care, of your sensitive areas. While washing your breast, I kneed them, softly of course, but the look in your eyes is a little overwhelming, and I must kiss your lips. Your tongue dashes in and out of my mouth franticly, showing me you want more. My lips make it to your ear, where I nibble, and then ask if you would like more, I say it in a low and husky voice; you are barley able to mumble yes.  

I guide you to the corner of the shower, and place my hand over your passion house. You whimper. My index finger grazes your blisteringly pulsating clit; another whimper escapes your lips.  I teasingly move my finger back and forth over your effervescent love bubble. My fingers moving back and forth, until you tense up, knowing that you could release, at any second, I cover your mouth with mine. Kissing you as the pace of my hand quickens across your clit, you release, the passion waves that overcome you, make you a little weak; however, I do not stop, instead, my hands explore your love box more, entering you. I am bracing you against the wall, because I want you to cum again for me. I start to kiss your neck and rapidly enter, and pull my finger in and out of you, until I can feel your walls surround my index finger, the pressure is building so fast, that I can not even slow down to tease you. With your walls getting tighter around my finger, instinctively I go faster and harder. You cum again, you are looking a little weak. I turn off the water of the shower, and pull you out, sit you on the counter as I towel you down. As I towel you down, I kneel down to lick up the juices that passed through you while we were in the shower, such a wonderful taste, it is not one to be wasted. 

After we are both dry, I lead you back to the bed, were we had been lying a little while before, your body is still shaking. I lay you out on the bed, with your legs dangling off the bed, so that I can have better access to the passionate area between your legs. 

I put a pillow down on the floor, so that my knees do not tire. I then start to kiss the insides of you legs. The moans and whimpers that you release, excite me all the more. You mumble something about wanting this for so long, but my focus is all on trying to make you cum again. I want to taste your sweet liquid. I need to taste your sweet juice. As I kiss my way up one leg and down the other, I can feel the heat that breaks away from your oven of pleasure on my face. My tongue finds its way back to your clit. Licking unhurriedly, we have nothing but time. Your moans are getting louder you mumble something, about wanting more, needing more. As my tongue gradually quickens, your moans, turn more to soft screams. My name passes through your lips, and the excitement shivers through my body, and retaliates by putting more pressure in the passes of my tongue. You want me more then you ever thought humanly possible at this point. Your legs are wrapped around my back, and trying to pull me in closer. I move my head back just a little bit, and blow on your clit, and watch the shivers, invade your body. Your love juice almost gushes out, as I gently blow on your love bubble. You squirm a little, as I take these juices into me. Licking sensitively. Your moans, and mumbles are slowing a bit, so I take my tongue, and venture inside of you. In and out with my tongue, your reach down, and pull my face into you, I start licking and fucking you with my tongue, as hard and as fast as I can, just to be able to feel your love sap trickle into my mouth. The harder that my mouth takes you in, the more your moans turn to screams. You try bracing your feet onto the edge of the bed, to calm your self from Cumming again, but my lips, and tongue, have brought your to the edge again, and with one more darting movement in and out of you, you scream and release. Your body has weakened, and I know it is time to give you a rest, so I pull you fully up on to the bed, and lay on top of you, bracing myself with one arm, as to not put my full wait on you. . 

I kiss you, since I have the taste of you on my lips, you break from the kiss, and then I kiss your neck again. My hand ventures down your body, making its way to your love box, I steal some of your love sap, and turn my hand to myself, and whisper in your ear that I want you to rest, so I am going to masturbate for you. You whisper my name. I am already drenched in my own cum, but I needed yours to make this process even more enjoyable, I get close enough to your body, so you can feel me touching myself. My name passes through your lips again, it is almost too much to handle. I nibble on your ear, moaning, and mumbling things of my own. My knuckle touches your clit as I pass over mine, time and time again, making you cum at the same time I do. We lye there holding each other as we shake. I move off of you, and we kiss some more, until we fall into a slumber. 

After a small nap, I awake before you. I stare at your beauty; I cannot help myself, I must touch you. My hands roam your body, feeling every inch of your soft silky skin. You don’t exactly wake right away; just gasps of little sweet moans, so my caresses do not stop. I massage your breast, and kiss your neck, your eyes, still closed, I whisper that I want to be inside of you again, and my right hand makes it down, to between your legs, the warmed that is emanating from your body amazes me. I must be inside of you, to feel the warmth and wetness from the inside. I part your legs a little bit. And press one finger inside of you. Your body seems to like this as it is rocking with the tempo of my finger. In and out, you moan, and mumble. My name. My clit is on fire, and so is yours. “I want this,” you say. “I always want this. You are so wonderful. You. You. Oh… awe…” Then your mumbles get muffled by passion, the soft screams are back, as I enter your body, and roam the inside of you, like I was caressing your outer body. The inside of you seems to be alive, with excitement; it’s raging through your body. The fire, it’s warm and wet, it steams from anticipation. Gradually, I slip in another finger, the force of two, is almost too much for you, but I don’t want to stop, so I slow down. My pace, is teasing you, you can see it in the way you are biting your lip, it is all so much for you to handle. Your body is on fire, with lust, passion and love. You rock your hips to meet my finger. It is almost too much for me to take, as my pace is still slow, but the force, is immense. I am about to cum for you, just because, I am feeling your walls wrapping around my finger. The pressure, the pleasure, it is intense. I hear you say that you love me, and with a strength not usually found within me, I make this love, shine, with a silky sheen, that pours from both our bodies, in a crash of screams and moans. I kiss your neck once again, making my way back up to your ear, and whisper that I love you too.