 She was so beautiful. Her body voluptuous and her breasts the perfect size. She had brown hair and wore it in a bun. She was so classy but showed just enough cleavage to drive me wild. If I could just stare at her all day I would. I longed for her, to touch her. I longed to caress my hands all over her nipples. 

"Christina... Christina ..." She called. "Did you hear what I said? What theory would you say best describes how males and females learn their gender roles?" 

She looked at me with her captivating blue eyes. I shot my head up and snapped out of my daydream.

"Umm... Social learning theory would describe that the best. It's a cognitive process that takes place through socialization and occurs purely through observation or direct instruction." I blushed.

"Good job" She winked. "I don't know how you pulled that one off. Next time please pay more attention!" The class giggled.

Miss. Scott was a great teacher. Even though it was sociology and her audience was a group of young adults, she knew how to engage the students while making class somewhat interesting. It wasn't my fault she was so damn attractive that I couldn't pay attention.

"Read chapter 6 in the text and prepare the reading questions for next class. Thank you all for listening. Have a good afternoon" Miss. Scott announced as I snapped out of my dirty thoughts again.

Just as I gathered my laptop and books Miss. Scott walked towards me. "Christina, Can I speak with you a minute?" 

Now I was really blushing. It is hard enough talking to her during class but one on one would be such a tease. I had experimented with girls in my high school days for fun but now that I'm in my young adult life I knew for sure that I was a lesbian. I had never felt this way before.

So of course I said sure. Butterflies clouded my stomach but I walked up to her desk. The class had long cleared out by now. It was just me and her in the room. She walked to the door and closed it. When she returned to her desk I saw something different in her eyes. Fuck! She was so sexy I just wanted to rip open her blouse and fuck her like she has never been fucked. 

"Hey Christina, Just wanted to talk to you about your paper. You got 95%. That is the highest mark in the class". She bit her lower lip just as a dirty thought entered my mind. Damn I wanted her so bad.

"Come on Christina. Snap out of it. Man do I need a cold shower" I said to myself.

Miss. Scott continued "Your analysis of how the media perpetuates gender stereotypes was so thought provoking. I loved how you compared both genders against several media types".

"Thank you" I said, my face red and my body horny as anything. 

She walked closer to me and took out her hair from her bun. It was like one of those scenes in movies. She was in slow motion and just then I knew she wanted me too. Her hair smelled like strawberries. It was so sensual. Her now loose hair was wavy and had that "fuck me" look. 

I moved my hand closer to her. Miss. Scott grabbed it and pushed it away. 

I had already gone too far and I was too horny to stop. I wanted to put my fingers inside her. I moved my hand towards her legs and moved it up her skirt. She moaned.

"Christina ... We can't do this. It is against so many rules. Please go." She said half out of breathe.

I didn't care about the rules. It wasn't like I was under 18 and she was taking advantage of me. We were both consenting adults and I knew she wanted me badly. I moved my hand further up her skirt and felt her panties. They were wet. Mmmm, I wanted to taste her slick pussy. It was so sexy that she was wet for me. 

"Christina ...please..." Miss. Scott screamed just as I put my fingers inside her panties and inside her wet pussy.

"Ohhhh...that feels so good" She moaned.

I took my fingers out and they were coated with her scent. I licked my fingers. 

"Mmmm, I want you so bad!" I pleaded.

Just then she cleared her desk and removed her skirt. I grabbed her and pushed how down onto the desk. She was wearing a thong that was black lace and very much see through. Her ass was so smooth and sexy. I grabbed it and I mounted myself on top of her.  

I began to unbutton her blouse revealing her perfect breasts sitting in a white and black lace bra. I removed both the blouse and bra and put her cleavage in my face. I moved to one breast than the other and moved my tongue around her nipples.

"Ahhh, ahhh, ohhh...fuck me now. "Miss. Scott yelled out in pleasure. 

I moved my tongue from her breasts and kissed all the way down to her stomach. 

"Oh. My...god!" She yelled.

I moved down to her pussy. I kissed all around it teasing her before I put my tongue inside her.

"Ahhhh!" She gasped.

She tasted so good, so sweet. I wanted more so I kept licking. I moved my tongue in circles around her clit. She was so shaky and was getting really loud. She could not stop moaning.

"Ohhhh, yeah right there...don't stop..." Miss. Scott pleaded. I knew I could make her orgasm.

I kept licking. Her sweet pussy was warm against my tongue and I could feel her pre cum oozing out.

"Oh yeah, Oh yeah...oh. Oh...ah...I'm close. I'm so close" Miss. Scott panted.

I had her right where I wanted her. She was seconds away from giving herself to me completely. I pulled my tongue out and hiked up my dress, revealing the fact that I was not wearing any underwear.

I moved my body downwards so that my soaking pussy could be touching hers. It was the best feeling. I felt her warmth against mine. We found each other's clits in the midst of our thrusting motions. My clit was rubbing hers. We moved faster and faster together as she started to cum.

"FUCK!!FUCK!! Oh yeah I'm cumming...ohhh" She screamed while digging her nails into my back.

I could tell it was a good orgasm. She arched her back and screamed as she came onto my pussy. I repositioned myself and put my tongue back inside her. I wanted to taste her cum.

It was just as I expected but better. She was delicious.

I removed my tongue from inside her and began to kiss all the way back up to her mouth as she laid their still recovering from the intense orgasm she just had.

We then shared the most sensual kiss I have ever had. My tongue and hers intertwined as we kissed ever so passionately. 

I got up and adjusted my clothes. I helped her off the desk and put back on her clothes. We sat on the edge of the desk together in disbelief that a student just fucked her teacher.

I got up and thanked her for telling me about my mark on my paper and left the classroom. Before I walked out the door I winked at her knowing there would be a next encounter. The real thing was definitely better than the daydream. 

I have sociology once a week. It has only been 2 days but I can't wait to see her next. I can still taste her on my lips...