 Kim and I had only known each other for a few hours, and I was about to completely undress her. She raised herself up on the bed and turned her back to me. “Would you be kind enough to unzip me?”

“The pleasure would be all mine,” I replied.

The zipper on the back of the sundress came down easily. Her back had just as many cute freckles as her front. As I slid the arms of the dress down her arms, I leaned my head down and kissed as many of the freckles as I could find. Her whole body shivered at the touch. She freed her arms and let them hang limply at her side as I un-snapped her bra. 

With her back resting against my body, I reached around and cupped the breasts I had just freed. They felt wonderful in my hands, a perfect size for my palms. “You feel so good, Kim,” I whispered in her ear.

“I never knew it would be like this. You have such a nice, gentle touch,” she whispered.

I soon found her nipples hardening between my fingers. I pinched them lightly and she cooed. “Are your nipples sensitive like mine?” I asked.

“Oh, yes, Beth! I love what you are doing!”

“If I pinch too hard, tell me.”

Her breathing was becoming more labored. “You can do it a little harder. I like it to hurt just a little.”

I laughed to myself. Talk about two peas in a pod. “I like mine hurt a lot,” I confided. “Especially with teeth.”

I pinched the nips harder and she gasped. Obviously, I had struck a nice little nerve. I toyed with her nipples for the better part of five minutes, before I suggested we remove her remaining clothes. The sundress had a sash in front and a zipper on the side. I undid the sash and pulled the zipper down. I tugged on the skirt and pulled the dress over her hips and down her legs. She was left in a cute little half-slip made of silk or rayon. The slip followed the way of the dress. She was totally naked now, and absolutely beautiful. 

“You are so gorgeous,” I said.

She blushed. “Thank you. But I think you are now too dressed for this occasion.”

“I don’t have to be,” I said with a sexy wink.

My jeans were already undone. They fit me tightly enough to make it a chore to get them off, but somehow she persevered. She stared at my white panties. “I never wear panties, but panties sure look good on you!”

I blushed. “They might look even better off of me.”

She laughed. “Let’s see.” I raised my hips to allow her to ease the panties down my legs. She suddenly couldn’t take her eyes off of my hairless slit. “So beautiful…” she whispered.

My legs were only slightly parted. Just far enough to tease her with the view without being too daring. She would have plenty of time to check things out later. “Take my top off,” I said in a soft, sexy tone.

She pulled it up and over my head. I was left wearing only a lacy bra that tantalizingly showed off my nipples. I reached behind and undid the bra. When I let my breasts fall out of the cups, she took in a deep breath. “Beth, you are so perfect!

Well, perfect I am not, but she sure made me feel good inside. The both of us were now totally naked. Our eyes met. “I want you, Kim.”

“And I want you, Beth. Open your legs for me.”

I smiled. “It’s still very wet down there.”

“I wouldn’t have it any other way,” she said. “Show me.”

I leaned back on the bed and opened my legs. Her eyes suddenly fastened on my cunt. My lips were opened wide enough to show not only the juices but the soft, pink tissue inside the slit. The continuing smile on her face told me she was enjoying the view. The more she stared at me down there, the hotter I got. 

“It’s all for you, Kim.”

“I’ve never kissed a woman there,” she said in a voice thick with lust. “But I know what I like done to me. Let’s see if we like the same things.”

She put her hands on the insides of my knees and splayed my legs wide open. She came at me on her tummy, like a serpent with a wicked tongue. She licked the inside of my thighs and kissed the softness of my abdomen, just above my pubic mound. Then suddenly, without warning, like a thief in the night, she dove into my sex with complete abandon. She was on me with the power of a tigress. She drove her tongue deep into my slit, searching for every nook and cranny she could find. I cried out in pleasure. I put my hand in my mouth and bit into it to try to stifle the unbelievable feelings this woman was giving me.

For a brief moment my mind went back to the first time I had had sex with a woman. How tentative I had been. How nervous. This was nothing like that. It was more like the dormant desires inside Kim had suddenly busted loose. When she took my vulva into her mouth, I bent my legs enough to allow me to dig my heels into the mattress. I began undulating my hips, slowly at first, but the more she tongued and sucked my cunt the more my whole body began to thrash in a wild, reckless tossing and turning. Sometimes I would raise my body completely off of the bed, letting her attack me. When she drove me almost to the point of no return, I let my ass slam back into the bed. It didn’t matter to Kim—wherever my body went he mouth and tongue followed. She tried in vain to hold me back, to calm me down, but couldn’t. I gave into her totally, like I had never given in to anyone else.

I could almost feel the juices flowing from me. Kim’s face was soon coated with them. She must have liked the taste because her tongue continued darting in and out of the source of the flow. Suddenly, after ten minutes of pure pleasure, I felt that familiar feeling begin to grow inside my loins. As soon as she sucked my clit into her mouth, I gave it all up. I didn’t cum, I literally exploded. I grabbed a pillow and replaced the hand in my mouth with it. It barely muffled my screams of pleasure. I bit into the pillow so hard I thought I was going to tear it apart. My whole body was still thrashing about on the bed. I literally fought for breaths.

It took me a long time to come back down. For at least a minute the sweet thrill of orgasm had filled me to the depths of my soul. I kept my legs wide open as Kim slithered up my body and pressed herself down into my body. I wrapped my legs around her back and pulled her even deeper into me. I licked her cheeks and kissed her forehead as I tasted my own cum on her face. We kissed even more passionately than before. Again, I tasted myself on her tongue. 

“You are a wild one!” Kim exclaimed. ‘I couldn’t hold you down. You were like a bucking bronco!”

I giggled. “Well, you just won the rodeo. You never fell off.”

Kim laughed heartily. “I am so glad I found out what it’s all about. I could have lived the rest of my life not knowing.”

“And now that you’ve found out?”

She smiled. “I’m gonna be like a kid in a candy shop. I don’t think I can ever get enough of your sweet pussy.”

“If you promise to treat it the way you just did, it’s yours for the asking. Anytime you want.”

“I may have to tie you to my bed so you can’t go home,” she said.

“Mmmm. Bondage is another of my kinks,” I said with a sly wink.

“We’re two peas in a pod, Beth. I like to be tied up too.”

We talked for almost an hour, in each other's arms, our naked bodies still entwined. I knew in those sweet moments that I had found someone who had the ability not only to take my breath away, but someone who really cared about making her lovers happy. By the time I heard the chime in the hallway outside the bedroom ring only once, I knew I would not be going home. I would find some excuse to give to Heather, who would be pissed to beat the band. Or I could tell her the truth and face the consequences. Heather might believe the drinks earlier in the evening had loosened me up, but I knew in my heart of hearts that I was suddenly smitten by a woman who, in just one short night, took me to places I had only dreamed of. 

When I awoke in the morning, I found myself spooning Kim, my breasts pressed tightly into her freckled back, my nose nestled in the softness of her hair, my arms wrapped around in front, just under her breasts. When I softly kissed the nape of her neck, she stirred slightly. She was someone very nice to wake up next to. When I took her right breast in my hand and fondled it, she awoke completely and cooed like a dove. 

She pressed her warm derriere back against my thighs and I suddenly felt a familiar stirring between my legs. I wanted her again. 

“I want to do something special for you, Kim.”

She sighed. ‘Nothing could be more special than to be here with you,” she said.

“I mean something special sexually, silly girl.”

“You want to take advantage of my body again?” she teased.

“Uh-uh. In a way you might like,” I whispered into her ear. 

“There is nothing you could do to me that I wouldn’t like, sweetie.”

I needed no more of an invitation. I took my hand away from her breast and brought it to her delectable ass, squeezing it affectionately. She cooed again. I knew she had sensitive skin back there; I wondered if she might be sensitive someplace else. I let my fingers wander into the dividing crack of her split pumpkin. Her coo turned to a soft moan. I think she had already sensed where my target of opportunity might be. 

I didn’t delve right in. I toyed with her buns for several moments, allowing my fingers to wander into the crevice from time to time, but never quite touching the tiny rosebud that I hoped would soon be mine. 

“You are a little tease, young lady,” she said in a voice thick with lust. 

“Do you want me to stop teasing?”

“Yes. Don’t be afraid. I like being touched back there.”

The battle had been won. To the victor belongs the spoils. The next time my fingers slid into the groove, I let my middle finger touch lightly on her anus. She hissed out loud. With just a fingertip, I circled the tiny nubbin. When I pressed inward, just enough to let her know I wanted to please her there, she moaned loudly.

“Roll over on your tummy,” I said.

As she rolled over, I slid down her body until my face was only inches from her ass. I kissed the same places my fingers had played, all over the perfect globes. When I kissed the backs of her thighs, she parted her legs in an accommodating gesture that left both her ass and her pussy available to me. I wasn’t interested in her cunt quite yet. I had other plans in mind. 

Using only my thumbs, I pried the cheeks open, exposing a pink, crinkly rosebud that was imminently kissable. I wasted no time in pursing my lips over the nubbin. When I moved just the tip of my tongue all around the delectable anus, rimming her to my heart’s content, she moaned even louder, goading me on. Still using my thumbs, I spread her open, then drove my tongue into her in one quick movement. She gripped the bed sheets tightly as I began a slow but inexorable tongue-fuck. My tongue moved, piston-like, in and out of her sweet ass. 

Not needing my fingers any longer to hold her open, I moved my right hand between her splayed legs and eased my thumb into her totally soaked slit. The position allowed my index finger to play sweet music over her clit. She was now making unintelligible sounds from deep inside her throat. I continued the attack for longer than I thought my tongue was capable, but somehow I plowed the territory over and over again without getting tired.

Kim was making high-pitched sounds, bordering on screaming, when, suddenly, her whole body stiffened. She gave out with one more long, loud moan as she came in just as much of an explosion as I had just a few hours earlier. Her anus gripped my tongue and seemed to draw me into her.  

It was her turn to come down from a spectacular high. She turned over on her back and smiled that smile only lovers know the meaning of. We embraced again, in total silence, each with our own thoughts. Words were unnecessary. We both knew this would be the start of something wonderful.

What had I told her earlier? All beginnings are beautiful...