 The rain is pouring down in sheets, for the third day in a row. I'm so terribly bored, as my only entertainment for the time being is to watch as the fat drops trace their paths down my dorm room window. With all the rain and the hot humid air, I almost feel as if I was back home in Miami, instead of Tallahassee, the state capital. Since the weather is awful outside, I might as well write a story, since I like writing so much. And about what shall I write? Perhaps an interesting adventure… Oh, I know! I'll tell about the very first days I had away at college. 

Who am I? My name is Estelle Heywood, a half Jewish girl born into a patriarch of well-to-do real-estate moguls. I'm a 20 year old junior at FAMU, a nearly all black college in Florida. So what is it like as a white girl to live full-time at an historically black college? Well, it's been interesting, to say the least. But enough with the questions, now. Let me get to my story. 

I'm a straight-A student, always have been, and hopefully always will be. My father, though he's clueless about some things, has a strict policy about my grades. It's like his anthem or something, that his only child will be everything that he failed--or just didn't have the need-- to be. My grandfather had been so rich when he died that my father doesn't have to work, but still he chooses to. Anyway, I've heard this my entire life, and by now had become so conditioned that I never, ever made a B. Not one. Before my mother passed away when I was nine, she was pretty much in consensus with my father's ideas about my education.

After my mother died, my father had my grandmother move in to help take care of me. She was nearly puritanical in her belief that little girls private places should stay private. I could see where my father got his domineering attitude from. I didn't really like my grandmother too much, partly because she was nothing like my mother, who I missed so much.

When I first told my father that I wanted to go to FAMU, he nearly flipped his lid. I live in a huge house in Weston, FL, which is an upscale suburb of Miami. He'd have preferred that I went to University of Miami, simply because it's closer to home, and he's heard what happens to kids who go away to college. Never having gone himself, he seemed really worried that some distraction might make my grades slip. I quickly reassured him that I would never let my grades slip for any reason, and this seemed to relax him a bit. I love my dad and all, but being eighteen and finally able to liberate myself from under his and my grandmother's watchful eyes was everything I wanted at that time. I was so excited that I could hardly wait for summer to end. 

When the morning finally came for me to leave, I was in a rush. Though it was still dark outside, I was so excited a pin drop could have awakened me. I kissed my father goodbye after he'd dropped me off at the Greyhound bus station and hauled my single carry-on bag onto the bus with me. The rest of my stuff had already been packed in the baggage compartment on the side of the bus. Pretty soon, I was on the road, and little did I know at the time, I was on the road to womanhood. I left Miami a little girl that day, never to return in quite the same way.

Nine hours later when I finally arrived to the campus, I got my dorm assignment and was met by the student assistant, a girl named Jacqui McCullough. Jacqui was a junior at the time, and when I first laid eyes on her I was mystified by her full pouting lips and her big, beautiful brown eyes. Now being under my father's wing meant more than just being an overachiever when it came to schoolwork. After my mother passed, my father felt that it was his duty to protect my "honor", as he called it. That meant that even once I got to high school, no boys, no dating, no nothing. To my dismay, I wasn't even allowed to go to prom. And my pinchpenny grandmother agreed to all this, stating that it would be too expensive for me to go to prom. With all their money, I could have been queen without trying. I think my grandmother disliked me because she disliked my mother, but that is another animal entirely. 

So the point is that I was a virgin in every sense of the word. I hadn't even seen anyone else naked, and actually, I didn't want to. I grew up as an only child, and I was raised to think of other peoples' bodies to be as dirty and as nasty as my own. I had no little brother or sister to experiment with, no mother to compare feelings with. I was so conditioned that I didn't even want to listen to my best friend, Holly, when she was gushing to tell me about how she lost her virginity at prom in the hotel bathroom. Later, I made her tell the story. Actually, it was just a little after I got to know Jacqui. 

Jacqui was… well, she was just damn beautiful. And still is, I'd bet. I haven't seen her in over half a year, though I did visit her last Thanksgiving instead of going home. Anyway, how can I describe her? I've already let you know about her full lips and brown eyes. She's several inches taller than me. She's got an excellent complexion, milk chocolate-brown like a Hershey bar, a rather large black ass, a flat stomach, and a sinfully tiny waist. I haven't got nearly as much ass as she has, mine's not nearly as round, but still her waist is smaller than mine. She talks in a sort of country bumpkin accent that I find adorable, but that she claims she's trying to get rid of. She's always complaining about finding clothes that fit her strikingly beautiful frame, but I'd just as soon see her naked anyway. But I'm getting ahead of myself. For now, suffice it to say that Jacqui was my first friend at FAMU, and my first black friend, period.

Jacqui helped me find my classes, and since I was so advanced already, we even shared two classes in the afternoon: African-American History, and Calculus. I'm a History major, so I like to get into all kinds of history… it really interested me. The math, well, let's just say it's my best subject. Anyway, Jacqui was really nice to me. Like I said, she helped me find all of my classes, made sure I didn't get lost finding my way to the library, and the dorm, and even introduced me to some of her friends. They were leery about me, but I guess they either figured out I was cool or decided to give me a chance or something. Soon Jacqui and I began hanging out together, and that graduated into us spending most of our time together. Sometimes when we walked around campus together Jacqui would have her arm around my waist, and I thought nothing of it, since Holly and I walked like this, and even hand-in-hand, when we were in high school. Sometimes we got funny stares from people, but I put that down to my being white in such an afro-centric environment. 

One afternoon, after classes were over, Jacqui asked me to come over to her room to help her study. I didn't think this was odd, and figured it was probably her math again because she was really struggling with her calculus. Usually we just went to the study hall on the second floor, but still I really thought nothing of it. Once we got to her room, Jacqui surprised me by stripping down to her bra and panties. Shocked, I quickly covered my eyes and turned around.

"What," Jacqui said, chuckling. "Don't you think I'm pretty?"

"Well, of course you're pretty," I replied nervously. "But, um-- what are you getting undressed for? I thought we came to study. Are you going somewhere?"

"We did, silly. And no, I just want to change out of my school clothes, you know, get a little bit more comfortable."

"Um, ok, then do so, by all means. When you're ready, I'll just be in my room," I said, and began to walk out, but Jacqui caught me by linking a finger through one of my belt loops. 

Just having her touch me and knowing she was naked sent chills up and down my spine, but not exactly the kind I would have expected. No, this was different, and all too new. 

"You don't have to leave," Jacqui said. "This will only take a minute."

"Okay," I said, my back still facing her.

"Why won't you turn around?"

"Because you're… you're naked," I said.

"So? You ain't never seen somebody naked before? We're both girls. You have the same thing I do. I could see if I was a man or something."

"No, I haven't seen anybody naked before," I said.

Jacqui laughed. Just bust out and laughed at me, right in my face. I was so embarrassed, so angry, that I knew I flushed to about the color of a beet just then. 

"Don't laugh at me," I said, my voice quavering.

"No…" Jacqui gasped, in between breaths. "It's just so funny!"

I whirled around to face her, my anger helping me to overcome the fact that she was nearly naked in front of me. 

"I said don't laugh at me!" I shouted.

I rarely ever raise my voice. I almost have never had to. But the way Jacqui was bent over double, just cracking up, I just wanted to, well I don't know, but I figured if I didn't calm down she might not think things were so funny anymore. Yeah, right. I ran my fingers through my hair and huffed and puffed and fumed until Jacqui finally caught her breath enough to open her eyes and look up at me.

"Damn," she said, wiping tears from her eyes. "I'm sorry. I didn't mean to offend you."

"Yeah. Well you did. I thought you were my friend, but apparently you're not."

"No, Estelle. I am your friend," Jacqui said, as seriously as she could manage to sound in her country accent. "I just find it hard to believe that you never seen anybody naked before, that's all."

She then went over and on the bed, patting the mattress next to her. I opted to take the chair across from her. 

"You mad at me, babe?" Jacqui asked, a little smirk still on her face.

"Quite," I said, glaring at her.

Jacqui reached out and grabbed the bottom of the rolling chair that I was sitting in, and pulled it close to her so that I was nearly between her legs. I surprised myself by letting her do this.

"Listen," she said. "I didn't mean to offend you. It's just that in my household my brothers and sisters and me ran around naked for half our childhood, so it's natural for me to be naked. Especially around other girls," she added.

"Well. It just wasn't that way for me. You know I was an only child. My father and grandmother told me all the time that my body was nasty, and that I shouldn't be naked around other people or watch other people get naked. It was rude and not the right thing to do."

"There's nothing nasty about the human form, Estelle. Come here, sit with me."

Jacqui and I sat and talked for what seemed like hours, about the body and how it wasn't nasty at all. Slowly our conversation began to erase the brainwashing that my father and grandmother had imposed on me all of my life. I explained to her that I was a virgin. Jacqui looked surprised at this, and then asked me a pivotal question:

"So, you don't know what a lesbian is?"

"Well, sure I know what it is," I bluffed. Jacqui saw through it immediately.

"What is it then?"

"Um…" I was at a loss for words.

"A lesbian is a woman who likes to have sex with other women," Jacqui said. 

Now, I might have been sheltered, but I knew what sex was. They taught us about that in sex ed in high school. But it was something that a man and a woman did together. In my mind, what Jacqui had just said was undefined. I had no concept of it. 

Jacqui stood up in front of me. Her panties were at eye level, so I rolled the chair backward, and tilted my head upwards to keep my eyes locked on hers. 

"Now look at me. Is this something nasty?" Jacqui asked, gesturing downwards with both hands at her body.

I dared to take a glance. I saw her beautiful firm breasts, much like my own, only a little larger and wrapped in chocolate. Her bra was made of the thinnest white cotton and I could clearly see her dark brown nipples protruding through the fabric. My eyes traveled downward, tracing the thin, barely visible line of hair that started at her bellybutton and followed a trail that ended somewhere beneath the line of her white cotton panties. Suddenly I felt the urge to follow that trail with my hands, but I didn't dare yet.

"Stand up Estelle," Jacqui said. 

I rolled backwards in the chair till the back of it hit the desk, and stood up, so that I was as far away as possible from her. What was this feeling coming over me? Whatever it was, I didn't trust myself being too close to Jacqui right now.

Jacqui stepped closer to me, her long, supple legs closing the distance between us. I made a point to keep eye contact. She brought her hand up to my breast, rubbed my hardening nipple through the fabric of my t-shirt. 

"You want this? You like this?"

Before I could catch myself I said, "Yes," breathily. Yes, I did want it. I can barely describe it, but I loved the way her fingers rubbed against me. It sent sort of an electrical feeling down deep into my private place.

Jacqui slid her hand underneath my t-shirt, momentarily stopped pleasuring my nipple so that she could use both hands to get it up over my head and off. Like a child, I raised my arms up and speechlessly allowed her to do so. Then she lifted up the cups of my bra and began to fondle my milky white C-cup tits. I couldn't help but lean my head back while she was pleasuring me, it felt so good, and I felt a guttural moan escape my throat. I felt my panties getting soaked, for the first time.

Well that served to fuel Jacqui's fire, and she bent down to put her mouth first on one nipple, and then the other. Her hot mouth sent fire rippling through all my nerve endings as she sucked and kissed one breast, then the other. She took one hand and groped my privates-- er, my pussy, through my jeans. It was fine, but I wanted to feel her, skin to skin. I unbuttoned my Levi's and slid them and my panties down and off. Jacqui had to raise up after that.

"Oh, you like?" she said.

"Yes," I said, panting. "Touch me, Jacqui."

We laid down on her bed, she on top of me, and she slid one, then two fingers into my tight, wet, virginal pussy. I lifted up her bra and tried to suck the chocolate off her big D-cup tits. I ran my tongue in little circles around her nipples, then gently sucking each one of them, taking my time. 

"Damn, girl! Where'd you learn how to do that?" Jacqui asked, a little surprised.

"From you."

"Fast learner. Ok, stop talking, keep doing what you were doing."

So I sucked her tits while she was fingering me, and I was feeling so good, it was indescribable. First the feeling felt like it radiated through every nerve ending in my body, from the palms of my hands to the soles of my feet, and then-- she stopped.

"Why'd you stop?' I asked, a little frantic. I hadn't wanted her to stop. Not when it was feeling so damned good. 

"Calm down, sweets. There's something else I want to show you."

Jacqui slid down off the bed, onto her knees. She got out of her panties and bra, and then put her face and tongue right on my pussy. Imagine, her mouth on my most dirty of parts! Oh, but if it was a nasty part, it made me feel so good! So good. She licked and sucked in and around the dripping wet hole, and when she sucked right there on top the feeling started again. In the palms of my hands, throughout my whole body and--

"Aah!" I arched my back. Pleasurable waves radiated through my body. How else to describe it? I came. And hard. And still Jacqui didn't stop sucking my pussy. She licked and sucked the little button up top, a.k.a my clit, until the feeling came, until I came, again. And again and again. Finally I couldn't take it anymore.

"Jacqui, stop!" 

Jacqui looked up, her face so wet it looked as if she had been eating a pile of greasy chicken or something. If I wasn't so spent, I would have laughed.

"What? You don't like it?"

"What? Of course I like it. Hell yeah I like it. But it's my turn now. I want to pleasure you like you did for me."

"Well. I'm down for that!"

We switched positions, and I went to town on that sweet, dark pussy. I don't think there's anything I've ever eaten that tasted so sweet. I found her clit and sucked on it just like she did mine, and immediately her cunt got wetter, allowing me to stick two fingers into its dripping wetness. Jacqui moaned and grabbed the back of my head, shoving it into her pussy as I licked and sucked it nearly dry. I reached up and pinched her nipples, one in each thumb and forefinger, rotating as I sucked on her clit. That really did it for her. She came and came again. But I didn't stop. Not even to come up for air. I darted my tongue in and out of her love hole, using the rough side to rub against her clit. She came so fast and hard, gripping my hair and bucking on my face. 

"Damn, that was good!" We lay side by side on her rather large bed.

"Even for an amateur?" I asked.

"Hell, that was good, even for anybody," Jacqui said.

I yawned. "I'm sleepy," I said.

"So much for helping me with calculus, huh?"

I sat up. "You still want help with your math? At this hour?

"Nah. But we gotta get it done tomorrow," she said, rubbing one finger on my braless nipple through the fabric of my shirt.

"Yeah. That is if we can do it without getting distracted."

I fell asleep in Jacqui's arms. The next morning we both left the room, but I left it a changed person.

I am a lesbian, and proud of it. I don't know how I'll break the news to my father and grandmother, but with Jacqui by my side, I'm sure I'll figure out a way. Hey, it looks like it's stopped raining. Finally. Well that's it for this chapter of my life, hope you enjoyed the story!