 This part chiefly follows Paula Wilson. In part I, she told Angela Johnson of her love, but it turned out not to be of a romantic type, and Angela became engaged to Nicole Taylor. There is a Dom/sub—Mistress/slave scene here so be forewarned. It is, however, only one scene. As always, the characters and locations are fictitious and they and all errors are my sole responsibility. I must give much credit to Lit author JanetMon whose wonderful "Kim's New Life" series provided much background and who kindly made comments and suggestions with an earlier draft. As always, comments are encouraged. 

October: Outside Ethel's 

On a Saturday night in early October, at about nine, twenty-three-year-old Connie Dyson stood outside Ethel's, near the street. A stranger walked up to her, introducing herself as "Michelle" and waving to a friend who went into the bar without her. 

"You remind me of someone." 

"I'm sorry?" 

"You remind me of someone. Me. First time?" 

"That obvious?" 

"Let's take a walk. Don't worry, I am not hitting on you. You're cute but not my type," and she gave an exaggerated wink. The pair headed west and turned up Hudson Street. Michelle put her arm through Connie's. She told her story of coming to New York from upstate two years earlier and through the internet hearing of Ethel's. She stood pretty much where Connie was before someone recognized her for what-she-was and took her on this same little walk. "It meant so much to me, and when I see the old-me standing there like you were I do the same." 

To this perfect stranger Connie came out for the first time. When they had circled back to Ethel's and she told this fact to Michelle she received a smile and was told: "You're about to come out to a lot more people but they're all family." With that they entered the bar together, arm-in-arm. 

Michelle made a point of introducing Connie to everyone she said hello to. For the first time in her life Connie did not feel that she was stranded on an island. She even danced with two or three. She neither was nor was not pretty. Very fair skin. A narrow face split by a narrow nose above a small mouth. Her profile was that of a small bird. Her hair was brown and she wore it pulled straight back over her skull. It draped three or four inches below her shoulders, highlighting her small ears and the two studs—one low, one high—she wore in each of them. 5' 5" and with a small figure, black leggings, a white blouse, and flats. 

Two things stood out. She had a two-inch scar diagonally on her right cheek. It added depth to her face. And her eyes. Her eyes made all the difference and made her something other than and far more than pretty. Azure eyes. 

Her sleep after that night at Ethel's and after replaying it again-and-again on the long ride on the R Train to her walk-up apartment in far-from-fashionable Bay Ridge, Brooklyn was the most peaceful of her life. 

On the next Saturday night, Connie sat briefly with Michelle and met more of Michelle's friends before mustering the nerve to approach a woman standing alone at the bar. They chatted briefly but only chatted and the woman parted with a "see you around." While Connie felt alone, she was pleased for having approached a woman she did not know. And for having survived. Michelle, who observed this, got up to bring Connie back to her table and they had a laugh about it. 

The next Saturday, Michelle asked Connie if she'd like to go to a party the next day at Sherrie and Tracy's Loft. Michelle knew the couple well enough to be asked with some friends. She knew it'd be OK to bring Connie along and she thought it would do the newbie some good, a chance to mingle in a more relaxed environment. 

One Day Later: A Party 

Sherrie and Tracy's Loft was large. One of them came from money but no one ever knew which one. They met at Smith, were together as Sophomores, and became inseparable as Juniors. They were now 25 and each worked for a non-profit. On a Sunday in early October they held a party. The attendees were a mix of people from school, from jobs, from the neighborhood, and especially from Ethel's. 

As usual, Paula stayed close to Angela. By this point, as noted, Paula's feelings for Angela were changed. A love left untended from afar while Angela was with her brother was briefly inflamed. It had settled into the glowing comfort of sisterhood. But a stranger looking at the two would think they were lovers—looking nothing like sisters, displaying all the signs of a physical closeness and natural comfort—and a stranger would hesitate before approaching. 

Connie was such a stranger. As it happens, neither Angela nor Paula had been at Ethel's on either of the Saturdays when Connie was there. So she had no idea who they were. She sensed something about the older of the two, Paula. Connie asked Tracy when she said hello "what's the story with those two?", a nod towards Angela and Paula. Tracy said, "It's a little complicated, but for now all I'll say is that we love them both and they are like long-lost sisters so feel free to say hello." 

Connie touched Tracy's hand and with a thanks got a Chardonnay. She circled the room before mustering the courage to approach the pair with a "Hi, Tracy tells me you're like sisters. I'm Connie." Said in a single breath. 

Angela and Paula introduced themselves. When Connie said that Tracy said something about it being "complicated," Angela responded with a "She did, did she?" She gave the elevator-pitch version of their story, making it clear that they were both gay (or at least bi- in her case) and wondering why they hadn't come across each other at Ethel's. 

Just then, Sherrie tapped her glass and once she had everyone's attention Tracy began a little speech. 

"Thank you all for coming. We had an ulterior motive in asking you here today, although we're sure it won't surprise anyone. One of us—I won't say who—asked the other whether she might want to get married and receiving a yes the first of us—again not saying who—asked and . . . I'm sorry. I've been rehearsing this and someone—not saying who—bet I wouldn't get it right and this someone won the bet and, well, I'm pleased to let everyone know that Sherrie and I are getting married sometime in the new year" and a handsome older black-couple were next to them and rings that could be seen-from-the-Moon were on their fingers and Nicole, standing near raised her glass to the "happy couple finally" and everyone joined and rushed to congratulate them. 

In the melee, Connie lost sight of Angela and, especially, Paula and left. 

She still felt something. She was so inexperienced that she had no idea what that "something" was other than that she felt it. Paula was lost in the crowd at the Loft, after the toast. For some reason Connie did not search for her but panicked and fled. She thought a lot about Paula on the long subway-ride home. And it ate at her. Monday. Sitting at her desk at the insurance company. Tuesday. During downward dog at the yoga studio. Wednesday. Getting take-out at the Vietnamese restaurant on the corner. She found her thoughts drifting to Paula and her mouth whispering her name as she used her fingers or her vibrator to get herself off each night. 

On Thursday she got Tracy's number from Michelle. On Friday she called Tracy's number and when Sherrie answered she asked upon realizing who Connie was, "where did you go?" And somehow she managed to draw Connie into telling her story and how she had come out to Michelle and how there was that "something" about Paula but how she panicked. 

"Are you going to Ethel's tomorrow?" and getting a "yes" Sherrie promised that Paula would be there. 

Connie almost sank into the floor when Sherrie came over to her as she entered the bar on Saturday and hugged her, whispering, "we're all idiots sometimes" and leading her to the table where Tracy, Angela, and Paula sat, and Connie and Paula wanted to sink into the floor when Angela and Tracy got up, Tracy shouting above the music, "you two be good now" as they did. Paula then understood why Angela vetoed the first two outfits she'd tried on before signing off on a red collared shirt, tailored slacks, and two-inch heels, a combination that caused Connie to forget how to speak. 

There was, indeed, "something" in Paula for Connie and "something" in Connie for Paula. During that awkward second-meeting at Ethel's they fell into a conversation punctuated periodically by increasing intimate touching. Fingers. Wrists. Shoulders. A stray-hair moved behind Paula's ear. A tiny bit of cheese lifted from Connie's lips. Paula was six or seven years older than Connie but it didn't matter. When Paula got up the courage to ask Connie to dance, their arms were wrapped around each other for the first time, neither woman leading and neither woman following. 

Connie convinced Paula to drive out to Bay Ridge the next day and they went to Coney Island together and walked along the boardwalk. It was Paula's first visit to the landmark. She was underwhelmed. But that was OK because it was the company that mattered. The two walked, Paula's arm about the younger woman's waist. 

Paula had felt this comfortable only once before, with the SUNY prof. That might have progressed if she hadn't moved to Georgia for work. They, too, spent time just being with one another. When Connie called her on Monday night, she was shocked that it was after ten when they hung up. They hadn't spoken about anything and it was after ten when they hung up. Paula found her day empty until Connie called and then she couldn't wait for Saturday when they'd see each other again. 

Connie had zero experience with this. She'd often wondered what it would be like to be with a girl, maybe even to have a girlfriend. Now that she was with a girl, all she could do was let whatever would happen happen. She wondered why she had taken so long. She was a shy woman and had been a shy girl. Even before she was shoved off her bike when she was twelve and got the gash across her face. Everyone laughed when it happened. From that point on, all through high school, she was "scarface." Even the girls she fantasized about called her that. Not teasingly. She was shy, gay, and disfigured. 

She went to Boston University, refusing to remain in the Chicago area where she was raised, coming home only for the summers. They still called her "scarface" when they saw her in her little town. The only person who didn't was Eric, a high-school classmate who came out as a freshman at Cornell. He, too, left their little town. She came close to, but never told him she was gay. He remained her sole friend from those days and that little town. 

She did well at BU and worked for an insurance company in lower Manhattan. Her being out in Bay Ridge was a pain for Paula but the distance only increased the fervor of each rendezvous. With Angela now spending most of her time at Nicole's, Connie spent most Saturday nights with Paula in Jackson Heights and the four often met for brunch either there or in Astoria. 

The first time Connie spent the night was three or four weeks after they met. A Saturday. They skipped Ethel's and had dinner in the neighborhood. Both knew what was going to happen. Over their (shared) dessert, having already split the check, Paula asked in as sultry a voice as she could summon whether she could show Connie her "sketches." After Connie stopped laughing, she leaned in and asked, "are they nudes?" Paula grabbed the younger woman's hand and they were off to find out. 

Connie was the far more nervous. She had never been with a woman. She'd masturbated to lesbian videos and lesbian stories for years and she knew what she wanted and could only hope that, (a) Paula would want the same, and (b) she could actually do it. 

Paula's nerves where more specific. She did not want to fuck it up with this woman. She knew that Connie was a complete virgin, never having been kissed until they shared an incredible one on the Coney Island boardwalk a few weeks earlier. As they walked to the apartment, Paula promised Connie that "this is all about you, OK?" Connie nodded. 

Once inside, four nervous hands and twenty nervous fingers undid what had to be undone. The pair stood naked except for bras and panties next to Paula's bed. They had gone straight there. They kissed and Paula unclasped Connie's bra and Paula reached back and undid her own and they, the bras, were on the floor. 

"Ready?" Connie nodded and they each removed their own panties and Connie lay down on the bed and Paula lay atop her. Paula leaned up and ran her left fingers over Connie's right breast and across her nipple. She moved to her side and moved Connie so she straddled her leg. Paula pulled Connie's left hand to her pussy and drew the fingers across herself and Connie moaned and began to take control of her fingers while Paula reached around between Connie's butt cheeks till she found her lover's folds and began to run her middle fingers up-and-down and right-and-left, then brushing across the vagina as Connie began to curse and rock, maintaining just enough concentration to continue her own fingering, putting her own middle finger into Paula. The two were silent except for increasingly anxious moans until first Connie and then Paula came in slow gradual orgasms. 

It was enough for both of them. They lay in each other's arms on the bed and told each other how much they enjoyed "that." In Connie's head she wrestled with the emotions she felt, trying to get them under control. So simple, barely any penetration yet . . . She neared but kept from falling into tears. Then after she and Paula peed and lay back on the bed staring at one another. 

Paula reached over and ran a finger along Connie's scar. She raised her head and kissed it. Putting her finger to it again, she said, "Tell me about it." As she did, Paula cried and now it was Connie kissing her lover's face. "You are wonderful." Connie denied it, but she turned to let Paula spoon her for the first time and they were soon dead asleep. 

January: Crisis 

It was Sunday morning. Early. Very early. Very cold. The streets of Astoria had the eerie echo of emptiness, the low sun casting its long shadows and the Christmas decorations still hanging across the street, swaying in the slight wind. 

Paula had been walking for hours. She hadn't slept until she dozed while sitting on the steps that led to Nicole's building. An FDNY siren on 30th Avenue, two blocks away, woke her and she pulled her phone. 7:48. She hit speed dial 4, Angela. It was answered right before Paula thought it destined for voicemail. 

"Paula, are you OK?" 

"I need to see you. I'm downstairs." And a minute later Angela rushed through the front door in her coat and gave a hug to her shaking friend. 

"I cheated. Angela, I cheated on Connie. I don't know what to do. I cheated on her. I knew I shouldn't but—" and she couldn't go on, sobbing into Angela's left shoulder. She was freezing. 

Paula was somewhat recovered after sitting down for a few minutes in Nicole's kitchen and when Nicole offered to go for a walk Paula's thanked her and waited until she was gone to take a breath and begin telling Angela what had happened. 

She was one of the "wrong women" that Paula had told Angela about from her dark days. She'd come up to her in the ladies' room at Ethel's about a month before and whispered, "you have my number. You know how to find me." 

Connie was spending the weekend at her family's place in Sag Harbor. Normally they would be together, but Paula was alone in Jackson Heights. She thought about it and thought about it. Then she was in a cab going to an apartment on the Upper East Side. Then she was eating this woman and tasting this woman and in the end servicing this woman who, when she was done, let Paula take care of herself in a bathroom and told Paula to leave because "I'm meeting someone downtown at 10." 

"I'm horrible. You were right, Angie, to stay away from me. I am a fucking asshole and I don't deserve any of you. I don't deserve Connie. I can't look at—" and again she could not continue. The two friends were now on the sofa, the younger Angela holding the older Paula, whose chest was throbbing as she did her best to exhaust herself of tears. 

After some time, Paula was able to say what happened. 

She was in the ladies' room at Ethel's about a month earlier when the woman came in with a tall Russian-looking woman with long blonde hair and a choker. 

"paulie. Long time no see." 

Paula hated the name and stared at the woman in the mirror. 

"If you need me, you have my number. You know where to find me," and with that she and the Russian girl entered a stall and Paula fled, rejoining Connie and saying nothing. 

When Connie was in Sag, Paula got her phone and scrolled. Her name was easy to find: "M JULIE." It was about 7:30. 

"This is paulie." It was all Paula could say. 

"You may come to me in one hour" and Mistress Julie gave her address, on Park Avenue in the Seventies, and one hour later Paula was in front of the doorman at the desk. 

"You must be paulie," and when Paula said she was the doorman said, "12C. The door is open. She is waiting for you." 

After taking the elevator up, Paula found the apartment and opened its door. Locking it after she entered. 

She turned into the large living room. Mistress Julie was sitting on a chair. Very expensive ivory blouse and short, black jacket. Black silk stockings and a garter belt. Four-inch heels. Nothing else. To her right, paulie's left, and perpendicular to her was the Russian-looking girl. She was kneeling with her ass on her heels. Her hands were on her thighs. She wore a two- or three-inch wide collar. She was otherwise naked, with her hair in a pony-tail and a gold chain connecting nipple rings. 

Mistress Julie said nothing. She looked to the floor in front of her. paulie removed her coat and put her bag down. She was wearing her best, black slacks and an ivory blouse, although much cheaper than the one worn by Mistress Julie. Three-inch heels, the tallest she had. Without a word, she stepped deeper into the living room and lowered herself to her knees. She ignored the girl as Mistress Julie spread her knees, revealing her shaved pussy, and, still without a word from anyone, paulie crawled between those legs and as if pulled by a magnet her tongue was moving gently up-and-down the shaved pussy and paulie's universe was between Mistress Julie's legs and paulie fell into it, exploring the pussy, the slit, the clit, the folds, the hole until the thighs she knelt between shook and the otherwise silent Mistress Julie's breath reached paulie's ears in a susurrus and paulie kept licking and poking and sucking and suckling until she felt a tap on her head. 

"You may take care of your needs in the bathroom down the hall. I have an appointment downtown at ten." And with that paulie stood and backed out of the room and turned to the indicated bathroom where, leaving the door open, she rubbed herself to a deep, intense orgasm. She removed her damp panties and left them on the sink, folded delicately. Without changing the mess that had become her face or the mess that was on her face she left. 

When she reached the living room, she turned. Mistress Julie was standing, in tailored slacks that matched her jacket. The Russian-looking girl—Katrina as she was baptized—was still kneeling in the same position but had turned so that she too was facing paulie, looking at the floor. 

"katty needed to be punished. she called you a 'slut' after seeing you at Ethel's. That was wrong. you are a worthless slut, paulie, but only I may so refer to you. katty has been punished. you may go." 

paulie turned to leave and gathered her coat and her bag. When she touched the doorknob she turned and stepped back into the hall outside the living room. 
