 Twelve

While Samba was occupied with Eva, Valera had reached her hut and found it empty. At first she thought that the leader could be busy with something; but as time went by, she began to think that Samba had forgotten their appointment. Perhaps she was with one of her lovers? The girl felt confused: Samba had asked her to come – why would she go with another Amazon? She decided to go out and check. Her chances to get a bulawa depended on Samba – unless she went directly to the white woman and asked for one – but that was risky...

As Valera left the hut, she heard steps coming in her direction. Katunda was making a tour of the village, looking for someone to talk with.

Valera recognized the girl because of the braids: she had been at Miss' side during the competition that afternoon. Her eyes caught sight of the golden band on Katunda's wrist: a bulawa - which meant that the girl was in good terms with Miss. Would she agree to introduce her to that strange woman? She decided to try her luck.

"What is your name?"

"Katunda, and yours?"

"I am Valera. What are you doing in our village?"

"I came to spend a few days with E...with Miss", Katunda replied, measuring the young beauty in front of her. She remembered Eva's advice: to make friends with the Amazons of her age. That girl seemed as good as any other for that purpose.

"Have you seen Samba?" Valera asked.

"No. Isn't she at her hut?" Katunda didn't know that Eva had sent for leader.

"No." Valera sighed.

"Do you want to show me around, Valera? I am feeling a bit lonely; it is my first day here, and the girls I know seen asleep or ... busy", she added with a smile.

Valera nodded. Luck was on her side! She motioned for Katunda to go with her.

"Come with me, Katunda. Are you a servant of the white woman?"

Katunda breathed deep. She wanted to say "no", but that would jeopardize the deal she had made with Eva.

"Yes", she said. "I am."

"And she has given you one of her bulawas?" Valera went on, pointing to the band on Katunda's wrist.

"Yes, she gave me this. Look, it has her name written on it."

"Come, let's sit on that trunk", said Valera. "Is it true that it makes a person feel... sweet?" 

Katunda sat down and looked intently at the Amazon. She was quite attractive, with her oval face, thick lips and slim body. The pleasure she had felt at the lake with Eva came back to her mind, making her slit dampen. Would it be a good idea to use the Amazons' superstitions and try something with that girl? She hesitated; but her project seemed less hazardous as she felt Valera's hand taking her arm to have a better look at her wristband.

"It is very powerful", she said, trying to sound sincere.

"I saw how Samba cummed strongly when I was with her", Valera said. "She has a lot of bulawas on her! I want one for me, too."

Katunda smiled and touched Valera's shoulder. Her skin was so soft!

"If you want, I can ask Miss to talk to you."

Valera's eyes flashed. She grabbed the girl's hand and rubbed it on her right breast.

"Would you?"

Katunda was less unsure now. She cupped the small breast and caressed the nipple. Valera let her do: obviously, if the foreign girl was to intercede on her behalf, she would want something in exchange – and she had learned with Samba that her tongue was quite capable of bringing pleasure to whom she wanted to. She made up her mind:

"Come to my hut, Katunda. There are other girls there, but they must be asleep by now."

The young Amazon rose to her feet and pulled Katunda up. Her lips moved to little nipple, licking it in an unmistakable sign of what she had in mind. Katunda allowed Valera to suck a bit on her nipple, feeling aroused by the girl's willingness to make love.

Hand in hand, they walked to Valera's hut and stepped in, leaving behind them the starry African night, loaded with strange scents and sounds. There were other girls lying there, but none seemed awake. Katunda let Valera lead her to her cot, taking care not to step on any of the sleeping bodies strewn on the ground.

They lay down and Valera undid her pelt, showing her womanhood. Katunda traced the girl's slit: it was wet. She unknotted her own hide and approached her mouth to the young Amazon's lips. They tasted sweet, and as she seemed to like that, Katunda went further, licking slowly her chin, her neck, her shoulders...

Valera moaned, feeling Katunda's tongue going down her body, brushing her rib cage and staying on her belly. She spread her legs, offering her pussy. Katunda turned her back to the lying girl's face and straddled her, leaving her own cunt open just above her mouth. They began a sixty-nine, licking each other in rapid movements. Valera had learned well this new trick; her tongue slid swiftly along Katunda's labia, looking for her clit. Katunda, on her side, had found Valera's little knob and was flickering her tongue on it, making the Amazon writhe with pleasure.

Katunda rose up and held Valera's waist, pulling her into a doggie position. She rubbed her breasts on the girl's firm haunches and parted her legs; with her tongue stretched, she looked for the red grotto and lapped it in long slurps. Valera breathed deep: that girl really knew how to do that! She felt shivers going down her spine; Katunda slipped her finger into the drenched hole, feeling the muscles clutch around it. She fingered Valera and kept licking with the tip of her tongue on the little swollen button, her hand moving to her own cunt. Valera opened herself widely to receive her; in a few moments, she reached her climax – her belly shook savagely, her thighs trembling, as she felt relieved. Katunda slowed here tongue, lapping the girl's abundant juices.

She lay down and spread her legs wide. 

"Your turn, Valera!"

The young Amazon knelt and started to work with her tongue. She introduced it into Katunda's cavern, probing the walls, feeling how intensely the foreign girl responded. "That must be because of her bulawa", she thought. 

Katunda was delighted: the girl's tongue was smoother than Eva's, making her feel a different sensation, but equally good. She caught her nipple between her thumb and finger and twisted it gently; her legs went over the girl's shoulders, her body arched – she was on the verge of an orgasm – she moved her hips in rhythm with that marvelous tongue – and suddenly she exploded in a series of quick thrusts, her pussy on fire, moaning loud.

One of the sleeping Amazons opened her eyes: two girls were making love, which was nothing very extraordinary. She turned her face away, falling again into a peaceful slumber. Katunda pulled Valera over her and kissed her deeply:

"That was good, Valera!"

The young Amazon kissed the other girl's cheek.

"Yes, it was..."

They stayed a bit like that, feeling relaxed and rubbing softly their breasts on each other. Katunda could understand better now why Eva had indulged in her desires – the feeling of that young, lithe body on hers was simply marvelous. She was still a bit uneasy about what the white woman had told her – that entire servant thing was surely queer – but if the Amazons did not object, why should she break the charm? She caressed Valera's back, thinking of all the good surprises that day had brought. She did not want to go back to Eva and be ordered around; it was much better to be there, holding that Amazon in her arms. 

"Can I sleep here tonight?"

"I was going to ask if you wanted to", Valera whispered. 

The Amazon closed her eyes; she was lying on her side, he back touching Katunda's belly, her butt capped by the other girl's crotch. Samba was a good lover, she thought, but this girl was more appropriate for her – just some years older, but that didn't matter. Samba had her lovers in the tribe; she could seek them as much as she wanted – now Valera had someone to take care of her. She recalled a conversation she had had that afternoon with Narumba, a girl she had played with sometimes: Narumba had received one of the nose bulawas that Miss had distributed that morning. She had told Valera that the white woman had forbidden them to play and get pleasure while waiting for their departure; Valera felt disappointed, but the girl was firm – the penalty for disobeying the white lady was terrible – to surrender her bulawa. Now it didn't matter anymore: Katunda was still better – and she had promised to talk to Miss about her! Tomorrow she would show Katunda more of the village. Valera was a good potter; she thought of making a few beautiful pieces and trading them with the white woman for a bulawa. 

Katunda put a leg over Valera's body, as if taking possession of her. The hut was quiet, the silence broken only by the regular respiration of the sleeping Amazons. Katunda kissed the back of Valera's neck; the girl did not react – she was already asleep. 

***

Sheera and Tonga were also lying by each other, after a lot of kissing and licking. Both felt relaxed and proud to have earned their bulawas. Sheera touched Tonga's collar and said:

"What do you think – should we go back to Miss' hut now?"

"I think so", Tonga replied.

"She said that if we go there, this will mean that we accept to belong to her. Do you want that, Tonga?"

"I do. I told you earlier – I don't want to lose my necklace."

"But she said that we have to ... what was that, Tonga? The word she used?"

"Obey her. I don't see any problem with that. Aren't we already doing what she asks us?"

"Yes, but I don't want to have my ass swatted like she did to Munga."

"Just do as she tells you", Tonga snapped. "You heard her."

Sheera sighed. Her hand went to her collar and touched the lock behind her neck. She felt how it was securely clasped: no danger to lose that precious circlet! 

"Then let's go", she said.

They rose up and walked to Eva's hut. The village was silent now; only the owls could be heard, their raucous voices cutting the thick darkness, as if they were talking to each other. Even the toads had stopped their characteristic sound.

Eva opened her eyes as the two Amazons entered. Samba had gone to the far end of the hut and had curled herself to sleep, the chain lying loose at her feet. The white woman patted the ground, motioning for the girls to come over. 

"You did well to come", she said softly. "You will be very happy serving your Miss." She traced the girls' collars with the tip of her fingers, feeling the warmth of their bodies on each side of hers. She kissed tenderly Tonga's nipples, then Sheera's, and fell asleep. 

***

The first sunrays were illuminating the hut when Samba woke up, with an urgent need to pee. She did not want to do that in the hut; she walked on her hands and knees, and felt the chain from her neck tugging – she could not reach the entrance. She touched gently Eva's foot, which was astride Sheera's buttocks. The photographer opened her eyes:

"What is it, Samba?"

"Miss, Samba has to go out. May I?"

Eva grinned. The leader was kneeling by her, asking her permission to go out! She leaned on her elbow and played with the leader's breast bells, making then jingle. 

"Samba, I will let you go, because now you are behaving well. I will forget how badly you offended me last night." She pulled lightly on the lead. "Whom do you belong to?"

"To you, Miss" Samba said, her pussy contracted - she would not be able to restrain herself for much longer.

"I will release you, but before you go, I want a lick on my foot." 

She took the key from her pocket and opened the lock that tied the chain to the leader's collar. Samba took the white foot in her hand and licked the sole, feeling its somewhat salty taste. Then she kissed Eva's anklet, as if to take in its power once more.

"Go now, Samba, and tell Taranga to come. I am hungry."

Eva watched as the leader of the Amazons rushed out of the tent and disappeared. She looked around: Katunda was not there. "Probably got laid by some Nubian - no problem with that, I guess, as long as she keeps playing her role..."

Samba did what she needed to and ran to her hut. Where would Valera be? Had she come to look for her, or not? She felt her bowels twist inside her: there was nobody there. The bells from her nipples jingled as she headed for Valera's hut: she had to talk to her and explain that it was not her fault... the white woman had wanted her...

She peeked into the hut and made a gesture of rage: the girl was there, and around her shoulder there was an arm – the arm of the girl who had arrived the previous day. They were lying very close, and Samba was too experienced in the ways of her tribe not to guess what they had been doing. She wanted to scream from frustration – that was intolerable! Who that girl thought she was? To lay with Valera at her very first night at the village? Were there not dozens of other girls to choose from – had she to take precisely the girl that she, Samba, was coveting?

As she leaned to enter the hut, the bells on her nipples shook and emitted their tiny sound. I have to obey my Miss, Samba thought suddenly. "She wants Taranga; later I will deal with Valera."

She moved quickly to Taranga's hut and touched her leg.

"Rise up, Taranga! Miss wants you."

Taranga opened her eyes, surprised: why was Samba there, so early? She was the leader of their tribe! Then she understood: Samba and Miss had spent the night together. She glanced at her baby, who was peacefully asleep by her side. Her breasts felt heavy with the milk that had formed during the night.

"I had better go quickly – Miss doesn't like to wait", she said, rising up and tying her hide to her waist.

"Yes, she is awful when she gets upset", Samba said, remembering what had took place the night before. 

She was uncertain about what she should do now: it would be unbecoming for her to make a fuss over Valera's having slept with the foreign girl. She had a right to go with whom she wanted, after all. Samba felt hurt, but there was not much she could do about that, except talking to the girl later. She walked slowly to her hut, feeling sad and revengeful. That was not nice of Valera! She should have waited; didn't she want a bulawa? On the other hand, she was young, and so was that foreign girl. Samba shrugged as she remembered how happy was Valera's expression, lying there in the braided girl's arms.

She lay down and tried to think clearly. But she had not much time to do that: an Amazon peeked into the hut and stepped in.

"Samba, a terrible thing has happened. Malunga's daughter has disappeared, and there are leopard footprints going into the forest. You better go there, quickly!"

Samba sprang to her feet. That, again! It was the third girl to have disappeared in a few weeks, and always because of a leopard. She shivered at the idea that the animal could have devoured the three-year old girl. That had to be stopped; now that the beast had tasted human blood, nobody would be secure in the village while it was still alive. Samba knew what she had to do: she grabbed her bow and arrows, and followed the Amazon to Malunga's hut.

The women were agitated; Malunga was sitting on the cot, crying bitterly.

"Don't cry, Malunga!" Samba said. "I will get some warriors and we will find your daughter." She knew that this was very improbable, though, and so did Malunga.

"I will go with you", said the Amazon. "I want to kill that leopard!" Her voice was full of hate.

"Yes, come with us, Malunga. Get your arrows and choose three other Amazons. Meet me at the beginning of the trail; I have to do one or two things, but will be there as soon as I can."

She felt a bit confused. Had she to ask Eva's permission to go after the leopard? For an instant, she thought of leaving without telling the white woman; after all, it was her duty to protect her village. But Miss would be angry if she went without telling her; she had been quite outspoken last night – Samba now belonged to her, she was her Miss! What if she didn't allow her to go? Samba trembled at the idea: no, Miss would understand... Anyway, it was wise to go and ask her. I have to obey my Miss, the leader thought, feeling the stud on the tip of her tongue.

Samba entered Eva's hut, knelt down, lifted her hide and put her palms on her thighs. The photographer was lying down, playing with Taranga's little chain and sucking her left breast, as the Nubian straddled her and leaned down to offer her nipple.

"What is it, Samba?" she asked, wiping her mouth with the back of her hand. A trickle of milk went down her chin as she stretched her left leg and brushed lightly the leader's cunt with her toe.

"A small girl has been kidnapped by a leopard, and Samba has to look after this, Miss. May I?"

Eva chuckled. "This dark cat learns quickly. She understood who controls her now – I was right to be firm with her yesterday!" she thought.

"I like your attitude, my Samba. You did well to come and ask your Miss's permission to leave. How long will you will be absent?"

"I don't know, Miss. It can take a few days, or I can return today. That depends on where the leopard is."

"I see. Well, you may go, Samba – but first, I want you to do your duty and pleasure me. Remember, this I why I collared you for."

Samba looked wryly at Taranga – what the girl would think of Miss's words? Taranga was squatting quietly by Eva's side, her hand brushing the white woman's breast, the chain from her pussy ring dangling between her parted legs. Samba had no time to argue; every minute was precious. She thought of asking Eva to call another of her girls, but the image of the dildo, and of how Miss had slapped her ass the night before, prevented her from saying what was in her mind. She leaned on her fours and put her head between Eva's thighs.

"Yes, you little cheetah! Be obedient and you well keep you trinkets. You are mine now, and I will not relinquish the pleasure you can give me", Eva thought as she felt the tip of that agile tongue tracing her labia. She moaned softy, feeling moisture cover her lips – her moisture, and the saliva from the Nubian's mouth, as the studded tongue probed within her and lapped her rosy tunnel. She put her feet on Samba's back; she liked to feel those muscles under her soles. Samba was lapping her mistress' juice, her nose shoved into the white woman's soft bush. She could feel her contracting, thrusting her hips forward as her tension mounted. 

Eva caressed the leader's head, feeling the rough mane – she thought of shaving her skull and leaving a small E on its back, like she had done to the twins, to show all the tribe that their leader was owned now. That thought made her pussy tingle with lust; she held Samba's collar firmly – and the jolts came in a quick series, making her body shake, her hips thrust forward, as she felt her orgasm subsiding. She could not tell what was better, the licking or the sensation of power at the sight of the proud Amazon immobile between her legs, her butt up, waiting for her permission to go. Eva caressed her behind her ear to show how pleased she was: 

"You may go now, Samba. Catch that leopard and bring me its skin; and don't forget that now you have a Miss to obey."

Samba gave a last kiss to Eva's exposed cunt.

"I will bring it to you, Miss." There was a ring of humbleness in her voice that made Eva's cunt tingle.

"Come here, Taranga, and take Samba's place. I need more of this."

The leader rose up and let Taranga kneel between Eva's legs. As she left the hut to meet Malunga and the other Amazons, the moans of the woman as the Nubian sucked her clit were quite audible.

Samba hesitated for a moment. Should she go to Valera and say good bye to her? She wanted to, but held herself back: if she went to the girl, she would have to talk at length with her and explain why she had not waited for her. The task before her was more urgent, though. Also, putting some distance between them would help to cool her anger - for now, she was feeling too hurt and jealous. 
