 Agent Solo stepped out of a black town car as it pulled up in front of my building. As I stepped outside, Solo grabbed me and pulled me into the lobby, away from the cars view.

"What the fuck?"

"I'm sorry, I know you don't believe me but I swear I didn't mean for this to happen this way." I tried crossing my arms while I held my bag in my left hand, still looking away from her. "I haven't been with anyone since I met you and the last thing I want is for you to run away from me. I like you, I really really like you and I need you to know that."

I turned to look her in the eyes, eyes I had once longed to see and now only wanted to go away. 

"I hate you Santana, I hate how you played me from the start. I'm only going because I'm being forced to do this, no other reason. Do me a favor and let me do my job and you do yours." 

I went to walk away and I actually thought I was going to make it when she pulled me back, turned me around and pinned me to the wall forcing me to drop my bag.  Okay I know I should've pushed her away or slapped her or kneed her or something right? No, I stood there frozen and I saw pain in those big brown eyes, blood shot maybe not from crying but from anger. Second time I let a sexy woman pin me down, mental note for later, I may like this. 

Her strength made it difficult for me to move, she was incredibly strong, deceivingly so. I could see she was trying hard not to show too much emotion but was failing miserably. 

I stopped squirming and just inched myself closer to her. Kissing her lips, she released some pressure. I kissed and kissed until she kissed back. Wrapping my arms around her neck, she wrapped her arms around my waist, pulling me into her body. I don't think I had ever wanted anyone more than how much I wanted her right then. I could feel her attraction to me, her need for us to be together in this moment. She pulled away and a tear rolled down her cheek. 

I have to admit that I have no idea what's wrong with me. I know she's married but why would she care so much if she was married, right? I was just mad and then she apologizes and gets slightly aggressive and I kiss her. Really of all things to do, I kiss her? I always said I would never break up a marriage. I'm not that person but I don't feel like I'm doing anything wrong, I don't think they're together. 

"I know you don't owe me anything but please don't blow me off. I'm not like everyone else, I'm better than what I seem to be, I promise. Please, don't walk away, Kitty. Just give me a chance" I held her in my arms and nothing else mattered.

"I swear Santana you better not be fucking with me because I swear I will kill you and make it look like an accident." She smiled and pulled me in for a hug.

"I promise you, I'm worth it." She picked up my bag and opened the door for me, her wife ... no Agent Butler was standing outside the car with her arms resting on the top of the passenger door. 

"What the fuck took so long?" I could sense bitterness in her voice. 

"Fuck off Jane." Bitterness, these two are definitely not a good match. 

"Yes my love, I love it when you take charge." She is evil looking, like a Disney villain. 

If I had to describe her I'd say she looked like Maleficent, from Disney's Sleeping Beauty. A chiseled face and surprised eyebrows, like everyone in Hollywood, with half closed eyelids like she's trying to be sexy. I have to admit she is kind of attractive, in the 'I would fuck you if you weren't such a bitch sort of way'. She's tall, about 5'10", in a slim lanky worm creature type. She looks too fragile to be an agent. 

The car ride was awkward, I sat in the backseat with Santana next to me. Jane was in the front seat looking at her phone. I put in my earbuds and tried to the best of my abilities to figure out why drama followed me like white on rice. 

At the airport a small jet was waiting for us. It had a few more passengers, but I paid them no mind as this was only going to take about an hour. 

Having to once again interact with Jane we discussed the two cases in LA and what my thoughts were. Truth be told I didn't like her nor did I trust her. She gave off a bad vibe and I had a hard time discerning whether it was because she was Santana's wife or if it was something else, either way I didn't trust her. I would prefer to keep her at a distance, I only gave her the obvious details, since she seems like the type to take all praise when it does not merit her. A car was already waiting when we arrived at the airport, this time I jumped in the front seat and Santana drove. Jane was forced to sit in the back alone, forced to watch Solo and I talk.

When they said Vegas hotel I thought they meant like MGM or the Venetian or maybe Circus Circus. No, it was some run down motel off the strip with roaches all over the place, old wall paper and mold seeping out of the walls, disgusting would be an understatement. This would make evidence collection meaningless. I doubted this room had been cleaned properly in years. Thankfully for me, Agent Solo took the lead and let me do my thing and every time Jane intervened she took care of it. By the end of my search Jane was grumpy, I was in my world and Santana looked fuckable, yum. It was hot as hell and by nightfall she was in her undershirt helping me get the evidence bagged and tagged. We were a team and Jane looked like she wanted to strangle me. 

Tomorrow we would have to finish the canvassing of the area which she and Jane had done with other officers. We still had a few things to grab before leaving back to home base. I was also told by my superiors that since I would have to stay out here until a full investigation was done, I had some leeway to what I was allotted. FBI would give me money per day of services rendered and my people would do the same. I went on one of those online sites and booked a 5 star hotel and would end up making a 75 dollar profit per night, not too shabby.

See I know how far I can push and well having forced Jane to call my superiors was just a means to an end. I knew that it would take a lot for them to force me to go and they would have to make it worth my while. Them on the other hand they had no choice and their budget was crap. 

"Santana where are you staying?"

"A hotel off the strip, you?" 

"Planet Hollywood, have dinner with me? My treat." I made the cutest face possible, with a little batting of the eyelashes. I didn't care what Jane thought I was going to make her life miserable. 

"I'd love to. Jane you have your own car right?"

"Yea they brought it by earlier. Why? Are you leaving me?" She looked mad and she had a box full of equipment with her. 

"Yup we're gonna go have dinner. Bye." She grabbed my backpack and we were off. 

If they were truly in a marital relationship I would have seen it somewhere when I checked up on her and none of my people told me about it so it seemed sort of odd. If I was married I wouldn't leave my wife, I wouldn't talk to her the way they talk to each other and I sure as hell wouldn't let her go have dinner with some sexy ass, beautiful, smart woman like myself. Also why would she have gone out with me to dinner and that night at the bar without Jane knowing. This whole thing is just a whole ball of confusion. 

"Thanks for not leaving me alone tonight. I hate Vegas when I have to work." 

"Thanks for giving me a chance." I felt her hand brush against mine, but we knew better than to hold hands. 

"Just thank your wife for being a bitch."

"Please don't call her that." 

"Wife or Bitch?"

"Wife, she is a bitch." When we got to the car I wanted to push her up against it and just kiss her but I knew Jane would be watching and I still was unsure of what kind of a person she was.

"Only if you and I go dancing tonight." I jumped in the car and closed the door as she went to the driver's side. 

"You have a deal."

My day had been long and it was only getting longer. When Santa and I arrived at my hotel I was excited to be able to shower but unfortunately because it was late my room was still being cleaned therefore making it unavailable. I wanted to be nice and polite but I was just a little tired since I had dealt with Jane all day and my only response was I made reservations here is the number make it happen, making sure to make the gun and badge as obvious as possible. The lady at the front desk left for almost 10 minutes to try and figure out what could be done. By the time she returned I was waiting with my hand on my gun, very non-threatening I say.

"I have spoken to my Manager and we have a suite available with two queen size beds would that be something that would accommodate you?"

"Yea that's fine." I was ecstatic when she said suite, but I didn't let her see that. I had seen pictures and let's just say that I get a living room and a tub. 

As soon as I had my key card in hand I went in search for the proper elevator. If you've ever been to Vegas you know what I mean, if not let me explain. All casino's are extremely large and can be very maze-like. Now the rooms can often be spread out into different wing. Therefore you have to go to the appropriate elevator to get to a certain wing. As we found the proper elevator Santana and I walked in and a naughty elevator scene came to mind. 

Apparently great minds think alike. Walking up behind me Santana pushed our floor number and pulled me into her body as she wrapped her arm around my waist. 

The way she took possession of my body and the look in her eyes, I knew I wouldn't deny her. I dropped my bag and pulled her head closer, kissing her with ardor, getting the need out of the way I began to tease her and coax her tongue to come out and play. Biting and sucking her lip with one final ring of the elevator to end this round. 

"That was naughty Kitty."

"Thank you Santa, I'm trying to make the list this year."

"Oh you're on a list alright."

"Ouch." She had just spanked me. I didn't even bother to turn around she was surely enjoying the view. "Let me guess a naughty girl should be spanked."

"Yes Ma'am."

"Bitch."

"In heat too."

Now that deserved a halt, forcing her to run into my ass. 

Her hand went right around my hips pulling me into her body her lips right next to my ear.

"Does Santa want to bend over and take it like a bitch too."

"Oh Kitty I would much rather be in a position where my pussy uses her tongue nice and slow." She dragged her tongue right around my ear and began to nibble. I almost purred. 

"You are one dirty bitch."

"And you are a naughty pussy."

I slapped her hand away and resumed my strut down the hall of shame. 

"Behave Santa I might have to tell Mrs. Clause what you've been up to."

"I would much rather show her."

"I'm sure you would."

Santana and I had agreed that she would shower in my room and now I was having naughty images of us in a tub and no one was getting any cleaner. 

There we were headed out of the elevator in search of my suite. It just rolls off my tongue, we were basically headed down a never ending rabbits hole. Finally we arrived at the end and realized that my number wasn't there. I figure why not try the key in the unmarked last door. 

Ding! Ding! Ding! Unmarked double-door it is. 

Only to run into three more doors, another double-door straight ahead and one on each side. Of course I think I'm cool, I go for straight ahead why not what do I have to lose. 

Ding! Ding! Ding! I win again. 

"Damn Kitty you have some luck."

"I met you didn't I."

Barely passing the door I am hit with a view of the strip through the panoramic windows. Hell on wheels couldn't compare to this room. To the left I had a high table with director's chairs, dead center there was a large wraparound sofa and Santa was more than happy to jump right onto it.

"Make yourself at home baby."

"I sure will." She found the remote and turned on the nice 42" Plasma. 

"Baby you need to go take a shower."

"In a minute dear." We sounded like an old married couple. 

Right before I walked into my room I took a quick detour to the full bar and admired my new tub. Maybe we can Christen it or maybe I can remember that I should figure out why Santana has a wife. Mood killer.

With a drink in hand I went looking for my shower. I thanked the high heavens I was FORCED to take such a nice room. But nothing compared to the sight of Santana in only a towel, dripping wet. I had forgotten to take my clothes in with me. I was so excited to shower and not be sweaty, I just jumped in. I found her in the bedroom where our bags were.

She looked fucking appetizing and I wondered how much of a struggle I would put up if she tried to come on to me. As I came out and she stopped moving and just stood while I walked towards my bag. It was cute she was actually in shock, I think. I walked over and closed her mouth with my hand. 

"It's cute but I might just have to stick my tongue in there if you don't keep it closed."

I turned around and dug around for my clothes, I could feel her body close but she wasn't touching me except for tracing her finger up my arm. 

"Why do you tease me?"

"No teasing sugar I just forgot my clothes. Go back to your side of the world before I throw you on that bed and fuck you till tomorrow."

"I wouldn't mind." She had her mouth right next to me and her breath on my ear caused goosebumps all over my body. As I turned around my towel dropped. I grabbed her head in my hands and kissed her. She pulled me in and I unwrapped her, feeling her wet body pressed into mine I moaned in her mouth. I felt her leave a trail of kisses while she made her way down to my neck. I traced her body feeling the muscles straining. I stepped back and finally got a full picture of that sleeve and many more tattoos on her body she was stunning, she had muscles in places I didn't even know had muscles. Even then she was so womanly so sexy. 

She brought her hands down to my assets and pulled me up and into her arms.

"Fuck, we can't do this." 

"I want you."

"I do too but I can't, I'm sorry." I gave her one last kiss and tried to get down but Santa was taking me for a ride.

Turning around and laying us on the bed, my woman had a destination in mind and there were no stops. Her body on top of me was exhilarating, her knees between my thighs forcing my pussy to part like the red sea. I had been saying something hadn't I.

Instantly her lips were on my neck licking, kissing, sucking, nibbling. I couldn't tell the difference if I tried it was all making my pussy wet. I wrapped my legs around her forcing her body closer. Tangling my hands into her hair, I dropped my head back giving myself to her allowing her to take me wherever she wanted. 

Her hands touching my body, my hips, my thighs, I could feel how much she wanted me. Working their way up my body finally pushing herself off of me. Our breathing was labored our hearts were thumping and she had stopped.

Opening my eyes looking for a sign of what had gone wrong.

"I'm sorry." She tried to stand but I wrapped my arms around her I no longer wanted her to stop.

"It's okay."

"No you didn't want this, I should've..."

"Stopped. I didn't even try to stop you." As she rolled off of me I held her close. "I think we both needed that. Just lay with me for little bit."

Her eyes told the story that could only remind me of one other person, myself. Heart-broken and scared. Wondering how someone we just met could make us feel so emotional. Wondering how someone so amazing could want you. Hoping that this just might true. 

"I am going to go to the bathroom and get dressed and you my ravishing beauty will stay here and do the same. Then I am taking us to get dinner."

"Thank you for not giving up on me Tiff. I've never met anyone who is half as impressive as you."

I rolled on top of her and worked my pussy onto her thigh.

"I'll expect some reward for letting you back into my life."

I jumped of the bed grabbed my bag, looked at her body one last time, fuck she is so sexy, and went to get dressed in the bathroom. Just one more rinse before we leave. 

When I came out 45 minutes later with my hair and make up done she was dressed and laying back on one of the beds with her feet hanging of the end. I had decided that since I was in Vegas I was going to be a bit more daring and had packed accordingly, well as much as one luggage bag allows.

Donning a pair of tight leather pants, a loose royal blue sleeveless shear top with low-cut suede booties with metallic stiletto heel and leather accents I was ready to make a statement. Lastly was my black leather jacket with a motorcycle collar.

Damn it why does she have to be so damn sexy. She's wearing dark wash low rise jeans and a white long sleeve button up shirt which is up pulled up right underneath her chest and her hands are on her bare stomach, which has two black nautical stars tattoos on the edges of the V muscle area that leads to her own personal V, they're about as big as a post it note. 

What to do, what to do, wake her and go eat, straddle her hips and have her do me till tomorrow, order in and let her sleep? Decisions. Decisions. I went and sat on the bed next to her head and traced my finger around her hair line down her ear lobe and a smile appeared with a moan. I kept going after she stayed still, down her jaw and to those gorgeous lips that make me feel like I'm in heaven when they kiss me, she kissed my fingers. 

"I thought you were gonna hide in the bathroom all night." She opened her eyes while I worked my hand down her neck down to her forearm.  "I thought you were sleeping."

"I was, but then this Kitty started having her way with me and I wanted to see what would happen."

"I guess it's too bad you won't get to see how it ends." She sat up and sat next to me while I pulled my hand away.

"I'm beginning to think this is just a dream that'll never happen Kitty." We were both looking down. She was right and a part of me was wondering what about us being together made sense, the fact that we worked together or she moved a lot or that she was married. None of the above.

"Do you still want to go to dinner?" I needed to figure us out and what better way than with food.

"I do."

"Then lets go."

I grabbed my room key and she grabbed her bag. If I have two beds then she can stay here and away from her wife. Wait what if she doesn't want to stay here and would rather stay with her wife. Why do I want her to stay is it because I like her, I like her company, I have two beds so why not or I hate being alone in Vegas? All of the above. 

"Hey Santa do you want to share the room with me? It's big enough for both of us and that way you don't have to go back and forth picking me up. If you want." Damn me and having such light skin, I was blushing and this was uncommon. Why am I nervous? 

She stood there and just looked at me for about a minute. She finally dropped her bag and stepped into my personal space, which obviously meant nothing to her.

"I'd love to share the room with you Kitty. Thank you, I hate the idea of having to drive back and forth and believe me your room is way better than mine." I stepped aside and tried walking past her to the door. Santana put out her hand up blocking the door way. 

With the door open Santana stood behind me. Apparently we weren't going anywhere just yet. Her hands started at my waist and worked their way forward and under my shirt. 

"You look sexy."

"Thank you."

Her lips found their way to my neck and the kisses worked their way up my neck to my ear. Her hands feeling their way down my body and between my thighs, around to my ass. I was feeling a burn everywhere she touched my body. My eyes were closed and she was weaving a spell with the touch of her fingertips around my body, exciting every nerve ending. Working her way up my back and around to my lace encased...
