 "Holy shit, Tori. Look at that!"

My friend Ben nudged me and nodded his head in the direction of the pretty brunette walking our way. I had been having fun flashing a few of the male shoppers in the mall. It was a common noontime practice for me, even when Ben was with me. Now I could see what had caught his eye. The girl moved with a liquid sort of grace, and a world of confidence. She wore a tight silver dress that could only be described as slinky, and she was looking directly at us. Or more precisely, at me.

"Damn..." I muttered, half-aloud. Ben picked up on it, and turned to me.

"Even you, huh?" 

I nodded. "Oh, yeah." She was more than pretty; she was drop-dead gorgeous. 

I watched her eyes, and they held mine hypnotically, not allowing me to look away. She approached, nearer and nearer, and I suddenly felt something akin to panic. Then, as she passed the table we were occupying, she nodded. I heard "Hello," softly spoken as our eyes disconnected, and that one word was the most sensuous thing I'd ever heard. I realized I was wet.

Ben turned to watch her walk away, and blew a long breath. Then he turned to me, and said, "Excuse me. Did you two just share a moment?" 

He laughed, noting my obvious condition. I was flushed with excitement, and unable to focus. I noticed my back had arched, effectively pushing my breasts forward, and wondered why. I wasn't a lesbian. I wasn't even bisexual, until that moment, though I had been noticing other girls quite a lot lately. 

Suddenly, my world had changed. I wanted this woman; I knew it in my soul. I even felt sure that I'd be with her at some point. Now, the obvious question was, when? Turning to my co-worker, with whom I'd shared more than a salad on a couple of occasions, I just smiled. He pointed his finger at me accusingly.

"I knew it!" he said, chuckling. "You two DID connect! I thought she was looking at me, at first; but, as soon as she got closer, I knew better." He leaned in to me and whispered, "Tori, if you get together, promise to tell me about it?"

I shushed him, but he saw it. Ben knows, when I get a certain look on my face, I'm in slut mode. He should. He's been the recipient of my "wilding," as he calls it, a couple of times. Once I fucked him and another stockboy, right in the store. Another time, I happened to meet him in the grocery store, and we ended up doing it in the parking lot.

"Better yet," he continued, "let me in on it!"

I didn't discount that option, but he didn't figure in my immediate plans. That brunette certainly did, though.

* * *

As it turned out, she was modeling for one of our competitors. They were putting on a fashion show in our mall, and Caitlin, as I found out her name was, had been hired, along with 3 other professional models, to walk their little runway in designer dresses. I made it a point to spend my lunch hours down at their end of the mall for the next two days.

On the second day, I saw her. This time, I was walking toward her, and she was the one sitting on the bench. Again, her eyes followed mine, and I felt the same hypnotic pull. I stopped a short ways from her to buy a cappuccino, and felt her watching me the whole time. When I sat, I looked, and sure enough, she was staring at me with her head slightly tilted and a slight smile on her face. I drank my coffee slowly, eyeing her over the brim of my cup. Today she wore a pair of black stretch pants and a gold sleeveless top, and she looked entrancing. It was obvious she worked out. Her arms were tight, and her belly was flat. I let my eyes wander over that body, taking in every lean curve.

When the man seated at the other end of her bench got up to leave, she motioned me with a short nod to sit next to her. I obeyed, practically racing across the marble floor. She smiled as I sat, and spoke softly.

"So, finally we meet," she said, as if it were preordained. She extended her hand, and told me her name was Caitlin. 

"I..I'm Tori," I stammered, unconsciously aware of my own nervousness. Then I said quickly, "You look Oriental." 

She laughed, just as softly, and told me she was half-Taiwanese. "By way of Seattle," she added. 

We spent the next half-hour talking and comparing our reactions to the handsome men passing by, many of whom returned our glances. Then she startled me by stating, in that same soft voice, "You know you're the most beautiful woman in the mall, don't you." I looked at her, dumbstruck, and she smiled at me. 

"You don't even realize your own beauty, do you?" she asked, and I laughed.

"I'm sorry, Caitlin. I think most of those men were staring at you."

She put her hand on my arm and said, "They were staring at US." When I looked skeptically at her, she went on. "They know we're together, and they fantasize about us having sex." She winked at me.

"Haven't you?"

I'm sure my face turned beet-red, and I don't remember what I answered. All I know is that we agreed to meet the next morning. I called my manager when I got back from lunch, and arranged to be off work. Caitlin told me she didn't have to go in until late, for the fashion show. She agreed to pick me up at the mall entrance, so my husband would think I was at work. I went home that evening with my mind full of lusty thoughts. There was no doubt about what was going to happen. While Gary dozed in his recliner, I satisfied myself in the bathroom, using my fingers, and the memory of her face.

* * *

The next morning, my nerves were on edge, and I wondered if I really wanted to go through with it. I must have checked my hair and makeup a hundred times! I felt a combination of nervous and naughty; but still, I got to my job earlier than I normally would. 

Caitlin was there when I parked behind my store, and she beeped at me. Her car was a sleek two-seater; completely in character for her. Her long black hair was pinned up, accenting her face. She looked gorgeous. When I slid into the passenger seat, she checked out my short skirt and sheer cotton blouse with obvious approval, then leaned over and gave me an open-mouthed kiss that took my breath away. 

"Just saying good morning," she said, as I dropped my head against the headrest, breathing deeply.

The ride there seemed to take forever, though it wasn't far. Caitlin parked her car just off the street and waited for me to join her at the front door. There, she gave me another firm kiss, slipping her hand around my hip and onto my ass. She wore a long red silk dress that absolutely embraced her body, and I let my hands roam over the smooth fabric as we kissed. As I'd imagined, her body was at least as firm as mine, with a little more flesh on her frame. Her breasts felt full against mine, and she ground her hips against me. 

"You feel good," she breathed. "I can't wait to get you naked." 

I was thinking the same thing.

Inside, her roommate, whom she introduced as Maria, looked me over once before waving shyly. She then made a point of disappearing into her room, leaving us alone. She, too, was gorgeous, and I mentioned that to Caitlin as she gave me a quick tour of their apartment. 

"She's an NFL cheerleader," she said, matter-of-factly. 

Shortly after, Maria came out of her room. She had changed into a pair of red shorts and a little black tank top that barely contained her generous breasts. Caitlin wolf-whistled at her as we stood in the door to the kitchen, and they exchanged a smile. Maria slipped her feet into a pair of woven loafers and glanced at us. 

"I'm off, you two," she said in a cheerful voice. "Have fun!"

Caitlin asked me to come into the kitchen, where she poured me a glass of white California wine. 

"It's a little early, I know," she said, "but I want you to be..." She paused, looking at me hopefully.

"Drunk?" 

We both laughed, and I downed the wine in one long swallow. Caitlin smiled broadly as she poured me a second, then finished off hers and placed the glass on the counter. Her hand continued on around me, encircling my waist, and she pulled me close.

"Tori? Do you mind if I act a little reckless?"

I murmured my consent, and she leaned in to kiss me again. I was getting addicted to her kisses, and I set my glass on the counter as she took my mouth. We kissed for a long time. Then her lips slid down over my lower lip and onto my chin. She continued on down, kissing and nibbling at my neck, and I arched my back, presenting myself to her. As she unbuttoned my blouse, I hoped she wouldn't be disappointed in my breasts. They were smaller than hers, and next to Maria, I looked like a boy! 

Her hands closed around them, though, and she moaned softly before looking at me. 

"Your breasts...I want them," she said. "Can I take off your bra?" 

I reached behind me, slipping the snaps quickly, and she dragged the bra off my shoulders. I shook my blouse off, and the bra fell to the floor between our feet, the blouse behind. Her mouth was already on me, sucking lightly on my left nipple. It responded appropriately, hardening even more under her flicking tongue. I moaned, and my hands went to the edge of the countertop behind me for support.

"Oh, goddddd," I breathed. Her right hand cupped my breast as she licked and sucked, and the fingers of her other hand were kneading my right nipple. My hips began to move as she excited me.

"Caitlin," I panted. "That feels soooo good."

She only moaned, intent on her worship of my body, and I gripped the counter tightly and leaned back, enjoying the sensations she was bringing me. After a few minutes, she switched her oral attention to my right nipple, and my desire rose. Suddenly, I couldn't take any more teasing. I pulled her up to me by her shoulders, and our mouths came together again in a sloppy wet kiss. When it ended, we were both gasping for breath. 

"I wondered all night what color panties you'd be wearing," she said in a breathy voice. "Spread your legs." She kicked off her flats and began to slide down my body, until she was on her knees on the floor. I did as she ordered, and she positioned herself between my spread legs, looking gorgeous in that red silk dress as she looked up at me and smiled.

"So, let's see," she said, winking. 

Her fingers ran up the outside of my legs, from the knees to my hips, dragging my skirt up with them. I felt the cool air of the air-conditioning, followed by the heat of her breath over my mound. My hands went to the edge of the counter again, and I closed my eyes and leaned my head back, urging my hips forward. Her mouth closed over me, and I felt her tongue swipe slowly up the valley of my slit, pushing my panties inside me. She took her time, and it felt wonderful. 

"Oh, god, yes!" I gasped. "Do that again! Please?" 

She did, over and over, licking me aggressively through the damp material of my panties, and I pulled my skirt high up around my waist, giving her ample access to my pussy. I felt myself nearing orgasm, already, and I reached for it, grinding my hips forward and back. Her tongue urged me on. In a scant few moments, I was there. With a loud sigh, I surrendered to the pleasure. 

As I cascaded gladly over that abyss, she held me tightly by the thighs, lapping at my oozing wetness and moaning in rhythm with me. My legs, already tight with desire, began to shake uncontrollably as she tongued me through my climax, and I clung madly to the countertop for support, gasping and moaning. As she brought me from one peak to another, the ability to stand left me, and she supported me with strong hands until she decided I had had enough. I hung, breathless, somewhere in paradise, disguised as her kitchen.

At last I could speak, and I looked down at her, still caressing my thighs.

"You should give a girl some warning before you do that!" I teased. "I almost collapsed." 

She said softly, "I wouldn't let you fall," and I believed her.

I extended my hand, then, and pulled her to her feet. We kissed again, and I began to feel a little odd, wearing just a rumpled skirt, a pair of soaked panties, and high heels. She must have felt my discomfort, for her hands reached for the zipper of my skirt.

"Let's go to my bedroom," she said softly. "I want to strip for you." 

I started to turn, and she stopped me. Smiling coyly, she said, "Just the shoes," and pulled my skirt and panties down in one motion. I stepped out of them, feeling lustier than ever. 

"Which way?"

She laughed, and told me it didn't matter. "We share our rooms," she said mysteriously.

* * *

At Caitlin's direction, I lay back on the bed, with only my shoes on. Thoughts of my father-in-law, and his fetish for having me leave my heels on, flashed through my head as I leaned back against the pillows. Caitlin left the room, and in a moment I heard soft jazz music playing. I smiled. 

"Nice," I murmured to myself.

When she reappeared, she had both wine glasses in her hands. They were full again, and we sipped, our eyes locked. I set my glass down, and nodded at her. I was anxious to see her naked, and I knew she was just as anxious to have me watch. She stood at the side of the bed.

"Are you gonna dance?" I joked, and she shook her head.

"Not this time."

She reached for the pins holding her hair, and it cascaded down over her shoulders. Backing up to me, she held it up out of the way, so that I could run the zipper of her dress down her back. Her deeply tanned skin showed through as the dress parted, and I confirmed that she wasn't wearing anything beneath. As she shook the dress off her shoulders and let it fall to the floor, I saw a small tattoo at the base of her spine, and I reached out to touch it with my finger. 

"What's this mean?" I asked. It looked like Chinese.

She turned, and I saw her naked for the first time. Her body was flawless. As she crawled over me, she whispered.

"It means FREEDOM. Can I show you that?"

Then we made love. She lowered herself over me, and I felt the heat of her flesh against mine. Our lips met, melded together for the longest time, then trailed down each other's bodies. When I shifted around to taste her pussy, she took possession of my own, again. It was without the impedance of my panties, this time, and her tongue drove to my deepest, most pleasurable places. I moaned against her labia, and she flowed onto my tongue. I lapped hungrily.

The next hour was the purest, most sensuous hour of my life. Caitlin took me to highs I had only dreamed about, and I reciprocated. After one particularly heart-pounding episode, she literally threw herself backwards, begging me to stop.

I laughed. "Do you really want me to?" I asked, and launched myself at her again. We rolled off the bed and onto the floor, laughing hysterically.

By the time I left that afternoon, I had lost count of the ways she could make me climax. She must have felt the same, for, as she dropped me off at my car, she told me how happy I'd made her.

"I really hope we can see each other again, Tori," she told me, and leaned over to kiss me. "Will you meet me on your next day off?"

"I'll do better than that. I'll quit my job," I laughed. 

* * *

I told my father-in-law all about my day with Caitlin. He got very aroused, and insisted I meet him the next day. Then he made me relay every detail while we made love, and insisted that I continue to see her. Caitlin has since introduced me 'properly' to Maria, and we've had quite a few adventures since.