 (This is my first erotic story, I hope you enjoy reading it, as much as I have enjoyed writing it.)

It is late in the evening. The bartender has called last call already. Julie and Angie are both pretty drunk, and so are Ericka and I. I have just met Julie and Angie tonight, but I have known Ericka for about a year now. 

Ericka is bi-curious and that's how she and I met. A mutual friend led her on that I am bi and patient a good teacher. She wanted to experience being with a woman more specifically me. I have never really been attracted to her in a sexual manner though, so nothing has come of that. Now, Julie and Angie on the other hand are extremely attractive. I can't help feeling turned on as I look at them both. 

"God, what a glorious smile Julie has," I think to myself. " Those freckles across her nose just stand out when she laughs; her nose crinkles up with her smile making her eyes stand out as well." 

"Those legs of hers, damn I'd like them wrapped around my neck," my pussy is getting wet thinking about her, "I wonder if her pussy hair is red like the hair on her head; it's like flames engulfing her beautiful face. It really makes her blue eyes stand out, blue like the sky on a clear summer day."

Julie suggests we go back to her and Angie's place to "sober up a bit". I agree, hoping that something more will go on other than sobering up. Julie and Ericka decide to ride together in Ericka's car, and Angie asks to ride with me. 

"Sure," I say, giving her a subtle wink. 

"Ciao gals see you soon!!" I say as Angie and I leave the bar.

Getting into my car, she gives me brief instructions to her house and we are on our way. 

The ride to Angie's place starts off uneventful until I feel something warm on my thigh. I realize it's Angie's hand caressing my bare skin. Startled I look at her questioningly.

She whispers in my ear, "I can't wait to taste your pussy." 

"What about Julie?" I ask her. 

"She's my lover, but we enjoy playing with other women" she replies. "Ericka told us you're bi, are you up for some fun tonight?"

How can I say no. I can only manage to moan as her hand begins to move in a slow circular pattern getting closer and closer to my very wet pussy. Her hand dips under my skirt reaching my cunt.

"Reba, you dirty girl," she says as she discovers my nakedness hidden underneath my skirt. "No panties and a soaking wet pussy!" She squeals in delight. 

Her fingers stroke my clit and my moist folds and I'm thinking about pulling over right now. 

"We're almost there," she says, "turn left at the next light and pull into that complex and go straight back." 

I turn left, probably a little too quickly, but hell I'm fucking hot and horny.

"Park by that green Taurus." 

I park and get out locking the doors. Angie meets me at my side of the car before I can even start to look around. She pushes me against my door and is kissing me and fingering my pussy with hungry abandon. 

"Follow me, they'll be here soon enough." She whispers in my ear. 

I follow her into a building and up three flights of stairs, then down a small hallway and finally we enter the doorway on the right. She fumbles around for the light switch; our hands all over each other's bodies. She catches the zipper of my skirt pulling it down and I step out of it kissing her very soft lips. 

She leads me to this "L" shaped sofa and pushes me into it. I'm squirming in my seat as she seductively removes first her satin red blouse, showing off her well tanned skin. Then she takes off her red lace bra. 

"Whoa! Look at those tits" I think to myself. 

She's perfect, small tits maybe a "B" cup but firm with beautiful pink nipples that are sticking out about half an inch. Her blond hair has fallen around them making this a sort of peep show for me. She unzips her pants slowly pulling them down revealing a completely shaved pussy then letting them fall into a puddle on the floor. 

"You naughty little slut, Angie!!" I say, and she just giggles. 

I notice how dark her eyes are now, brown almost like chocolate kisses. She straddles me with those perfectly tanned legs of hers: staring deeply into my emerald green eyes as she removes my shirt and bra. 

"Oh my God!" She gasps as my enormous tits pop out of my bra. 

She's all over my tits in no time, kissing, licking, sucking and biting my nipples. She seems to really like my piercings, biting behind the bars and pulling with such force I scream from the mixed sensations it causes. My hands are wandering her body feeling her curves and working her nipples between my fingers. I take my right hand away from her breast and work it towards her pussy. I stick my finger in between her lips and find her clit. Working it kind of roughly she starts to ooze her sweet cum out while gnashing my nipples with her teeth grunting "ummphhhh oohhhh!" 

Next thing I know I'm laying with my head half off the couch, one leg over the back of it, and the other leg on the floor. Angie's head is buried in my pussy, her tongue tasting my nectar and flicking over my clit. I scream with pleasure as she starts to nibble and suck on it. I'm working my left nipple with my fingers and sucking the right one as she goes to town on my horny cunt. She must sense I'm close to cumming because she inserts a finger into my pussy and starts working my "G" spot. 

"Oh, FUCK! I'm going to cum all over your face!" I scream as my impending orgasm nears. 

With that she removes her well lubricated finger from my pussy and pushes it deep into my asshole. 

"OH FUCK!" "OH FUCK!" "I'm fucking cumming!" I yell as I cum all over her face. 

"Good girl Reba, you dirty slut; shower me with your pussy juices" Angie says breathily.

I'm gasping for breath as she kisses her way up my stomach and breasts and finds my mouth. She kisses me deeply letting me taste myself on her tongue. 

I wonder what she tastes like, so I roll her off me and lay on top of her continuing to kiss her very soft lips. I plant soft kisses on each of her earlobes and work my way down her neck to her erect nipples. I take one in my mouth rolling my tongue around it and biting it sensually. 

She's moaning so loud I'm sure the neighbors can hear her. I leave her breasts and work down her belly, pushing my tongue into her little belly button sort of fucking it with my tongue. 

She moans again as I continue my way down to her dripping pussy. Oh! I can smell her, and she smells great. Kind of musky and sweet at the same time. I dart my tongue between her lips licking and swirling around her clit. She's screaming something incoherent, but I know she's happy because she's bucking against my face as I nibble her clit and finger her pussy. Fucking it with my finger, I add another to lube it up and ram it in her ass.

"Oh yes!" "Fuck my ass, that's it yes" she screams. 

I suck her clit into my mouth and bite and suck on it. She's screaming with pleasure and pain now. I thought she was loud before! I'm sure the neighbors are going to call the police she's so damn fucking loud. You'd think she was being raped, as loud as she's screaming and moaning. Man is she ever vocal during an orgasm! 

What was that? I swear I feel something (or someone) behind me. Determined not to miss out on Angie's orgasm, I keep fucking her holes and licking, sucking and biting on her clit. 

Suddenly I know what is behind me as I feel a very slippery tongue in my ass. I move up a little higher to allow better access. I know it's either Ericka or Julie. Surely not Ericka? She's too timid. Besides, they should be here by now anyway. It's definitely Julie. I can see Ericka standing by the door.

I can tell Angie is about to cum because her pussy is gripping my fingers like a fucking vice, and her asshole is so tight I can't even move my finger! 

"IIIIIYYYYYEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAA" Angie shrieks as she cums. 

God what a fabulous cum that was. As her waves of orgasm subside I remove my fingers, from her absolutely soaked pussy and well fucked ass. She's up in a heartbeat taking my fingers in her mouth cleaning them off, licking and sucking them like a dick, she must have noticed Julie behind me licking my ass and fingering my pussy.

"Julie you dirty slut, move over and let me at that ass too" she exclaims. 

God these girls are sure horny little sluts! I see Ericka, still standing by the door. She looks so lost. 

"Are you coming over here to join us?" I ask her. 

"No, I don't think I'm ready for this yet," she replies. 

"Suit yourself, your loss you know." 

Here I am up on all fours getting my ass reamed by two hot chicks, think I'm going to persuade her much, NOPE! Her loss. Besides I'm not interested in fucking her, so why bother? 

"At least come sit over here near us, you'll have a better view." I tell her.

Ericka is now sitting on the opposite end of the action, but at least she's not standing by the door looking so damned lost. I am sliding off the couch, thanks to Angie's juices and mine making it slippery. Julie must have noticed as she is now standing right next to me leaning on me while Angie eats my ass with her pointy slippery tongue. 

"Julie, why are you dressed?" I mention to her. 

"Because I saw your ass while you were eating and fucking Angie, Reba dear, and couldn't resist a taste." She replies and starts stripping. 

Damn she's sexy and I tell her so. 

"Come lay here and let me taste that pussy of yours" I tell her. 

She's all too eager to comply and is laying on her back in front of me with her legs over my shoulders. What wonderfully long legs they are too. She smells nice also, more musky than sweet, but still very nice! I reach up and play with her tits as my tongue fucks her very slick pussy. OOHHH Does she taste good! She's not nearly as vocal as Angie is, and believe me I'm very thankful; my ears are still ringing from her squeals earlier. Julie is a bigger girl, still enormously sexy, just more of her to move around. Julie's stomach has this lovely little pouch to it, sort of like a handle. I am grasping it with one hand, and squeezing and caressing her tits with my other hand. Her tits are pretty much in her armpits as she lays on her back. Fine by me, I love tits all shapes and sizes. 

I'm fucking Julie's pussy with my tongue and pinching her clit between my forefinger and thumb now. She's riding my tongue like a little dick and is really grinding her hips into my face. She might break my nose if she keeps doing this! I back off and play with her pussy and clit with my fingers for awhile giving my sore tongue a break. She really moves her hips a lot, little squirmer that she is. I put my tongue on her clit and then decide to suck it into my mouth, she is really bucking against my face again. I decide to fuck her ass with my fingers since she keeps lifting it off the couch and shoving it in my face. I don't eat ass, just not my thing, I will if asked, but she hasn't asked... I stick two fingers in her pussy to get them wet, then push them gently into her ass. Fucking her ass slowly she starts to really push back against my hand. 

Angie is up and moving around behind me now. She leaves the couch and goes to another part of the apartment. 

"Angie, are you coming back?" I yell to her. 

"Yes Hun, I'm getting us some toys" she replies.

She comes back with a couple of vibrators and some astro-glide. One of the vibes is the most curious color of purple I've ever seen, long and smooth with a curve at the top.

Still working on Julie's ass with my fingers I feel Angie sitting on the floor next to us with her head resting on my leg. 

"Lets really get her going, OK" she asks me.

"Fine by me," I reply.

She pulls gently on my arm taking my fingers out of Julie's ass and pushes my face back towards Julie's clit. I start sucking and nibbling on her clit as Angie lubes up that beautiful purple vibe. Handing it to me she shoves my head off of Julie's clit and starts lapping at her very wet cunt. Taking some of the lube from the vibe I moisten her ass up a bit more with a finger. Gently inserting the vibe Julie starts moaning.

"Turn it on Reba, turn it on high!"

OK, no problem I turn it on, it nearly vibrates out of my hand and out of her ass. Talk about a powerful vibrator. I get a better grip on it and start fucking Julie in the ass with it, gentle slow strokes at first then faster and harder as her screams get louder and more urgent sounding.

"I'm mmmppphhh cum-cum-CUMMING!" Julie yells as she clamps her asshole down so tightly on the vibe it starts to go all the way into her ass. 

Realizing what's about to happen I tighten my grip on it and work her ass a little harder as she continues to squirm and jump from her orgasm. These girls are really amazing little whores. 

When Julie's orgasm subsides I remove the purple cock and turn it off. She's exhausted from fucking, breathing short gasps of air as she falls asleep. 

I look over towards Ericka and see her mouth wide open completely aghast at the scene she just witnessed. Angie is still next to me on the floor naked, her legs spread wide, rubbing her hand slowly up and down over her wet slit. 

We both notice that Ericka's hand is down her pants working her cunt like a woman possessed. 

"Like what you see Ericka?" Angie asks her. 

"Angie tastes great, Ericka, would you like a taste?" I remark.

"I'm more into watching right now, I don't feel comfortable doing anything just yet." Ericka replies. 

"Shall we give her a show, Reba?" Angie asks me. "Julie needs her rest, a good ass fucking like that really wears her out, lets move to the bedroom." 

Angie grabs my hand pulling me behind her. I look over my shoulder and see Ericka following us like a lost puppy. It's really kind of pathetic and cute at the same time. 

Angie and I fall on her bed together kissing like we were a couple of teenagers making out for the first time. The bed is covered in soft silky satin sheets and they feel great on my naked body. Angie is sticking her tongue in my mouth and pulling my nipples so hard that I'm sure I'll pass out from the pain. The pain is exciting at the same time and it makes my pussy drip cum on these beautiful satin sheets. 

She stops kissing me and starts licking and nibbling on my nipples. Fingering my sopping cunt in slow circles. I look over to see Ericka has removed her shirt and has one of her huge tits out with the nipple in her mouth sucking on it. 

Angie is really working my nipples over good. They hurt so bad, but feel so good at the same time. I feel lost now as she stops playing with my nipples and makes her way towards my pussy. 

"MMMMM that feels fucking fantastic" I moan as she slides her tongue in my wet slit. 

She's flicking my clit with her tongue in short rough strokes, driving me almost insane with pleasure. Her fingers still in my pussy moving faster and faster bringing me to the brink of orgasm. She stops suddenly and I open my eyes to look at her and see what's wrong. I follow her gaze to see that Ericka is now totally naked sitting on the bed next to us with this stupid grin on her face. 

"Would you like to experiment?" Angie asks her moving out from between my legs.

"Here Angie you lay down and Ericka can practice on you!" I say praying that she doesn't refuse. 

"No thanks, I just wanted a closer view and a more comfortable seat." Ericka remarks. "That floor is really hard on my naked ass!" 

She doesn't move an inch from her new found perch on the edge of the bed. So Angie and I move up to allow Ericka some sitting room, and it's back to business as Angie's head is back down between my legs working my clit over with her wonderfully skilled tongue. I look over and see Ericka is mashing her own cunt with her fingers. 

I'm moaning so loudly that I'm surprised Julie hasn't woken up from the noise. Angie has such talent with that tongue of hers, my whole body is tingling and my back starts to arch as I begin to cum. Angie plunges a finger deep in my ass and one in my pussy as she bites my clit sending me over the top. 

"AHHH yes fuck me good!" I scream as I cum all over her fingers and face. 

I hear Ericka moaning from her own orgasm. Angie is on top of me petting my hair offering me her fingers to lick clean. Taking them in my mouth I do my best to clean them up before she takes them out of my mouth and starts kissing me. I move her face away from mine just enough to lick my juices off her chin. 

"That was the most amazing thing I have ever seen." Ericka says as she gets up to put her clothes back on. "Thank you for letting me watch tonight."

"Anytime, but perhaps next time you'll join in on the fun?" Angie asks her as she curls up next to me on the bed. 

"Maybe, but I really get off on just watching other people having sex." Ericka says as she turns to leave the bedroom.

"Leaving so soon?" Julie asks Ericka as she enters the room.

"Yes it's late and I'm tired." Ericka replies.

"OK, drive safely, I'll walk you out." Julie says leaving the bedroom with Ericka. 

Angie and I are curled up on the bed talking when Julie comes back to the bedroom. She lays down on the other side of me, and wraps her arm around me. 

"I hope you are staying the night, Reba" she asks me. 

"Yes, I'm too tired to drive home, and besides we aren't finished yet, are we?" I ask her pinching her side softly.