 As I laid there in bed, enveloping her with my arms, lyrics came to mind. I sang softly under my breath to her.

"If anything could ever feel this real forever, If anything could ever be this good again. The only thing I'll ever ask of you, You got to promise not to stop when I say when, She sang."

She shuffled around in my arms and turned to face me. "Good morning, baby." I said sweetly, She replied with no words but with a kiss, one of which I was eager to return. It amazed me that no matter how many times I kissed her, I still got that electric feeling in my body, the one usually reserved only for first kisses. I brushed the hair away from her face and admired her.

Her soft skin, the color of caramel, was impeccable, smooth and soft. Her lips, rosy and fat, always called out to me. Her eyes were a soft honey that mesmerized me as I looked into them. They seemed to really know me, my strengths, and my weaknesses. With those eyes, she could see into my very soul. She knew when I was happy, when I was sad, when I was filled with passion. Her lashes were long and full, she looked as though she was always wearing false eyelashes. She was the kind of girl who never needed makeup to look gorgeous; sometimes it marred her youthful beauty.

Her hair was soft, with gentle waves that begged to be played with. It was jet black, with blue chunks. She was always the more playful with her look. She was a small girl, about 5' 2", but her small frame packed a punch. She had warm supple breasts, I loved to watch them move up and down with her breaths, as she slept. Her waist gracefully curved in, and her hips softly flared out. Sometimes while she slept, I traced her curves with a light finger. 

I held her with me, close, trying to freeze this moment, wishing to live forever in that bliss. I was overwhelmed by her. I got up and slowly walked to the bathroom. I looked in the mirror, almost afraid of seeing myself. I didn't feel like myself anymore, I felt different. The change sort of scared me, her love scared me. I was afraid that she would withdraw it, I was afraid to let her love me fully.

I looked in the mirror. My dark brown hair, was shiny and smooth, straight from the top, curling at the ends gracefully. My pale skin glowed rosily, warmth emanating from it. My brown eyes stared back at myself. My breasts jutted out, my hourglass figure looked ever exaggerated. She made me feel beautiful, something I have not felt in a while. I think that is what scared me about her the most. 

Seeming to sense my despair, she walked into the bathroom and wrapped her arms around me from behind. I held her hands in front of me, and tears rolled down my face. I turned to her and she wiped them away. She held me until I was calmed. "I love you, Alyssa. I love you no matter what. I love you until the day that I die, and even then, I will still love you. You are beautiful, you are perfect, and you are the only one that I want" she whispered. 

She pulled my face to hers and kissed me with a tenderness that I have never been kissed with before. She placed her hands on my lower back and I held her shoulders, as we kissed. Her heated mouth moved from tender to passionate and soon her stationary hands began to roam all over my body. She moved with me towards the bed and lightly pushed me down. She climbed on top of me, and began to maul me. 

She kissed me hard, her tongue forcing its way into my mouth, exploring the cavity with pure lust. Our tongues danced, a sensual tango, a power struggle, one which she made sure she won. Her mouth moved from mine, and found it's way to my neck. I moaned softly as she kissed me; my neck has always been one of my most sensitive areas. She nibbled at me, licked me. I never would have thought before that I could be so aroused simply by her kissing my neck. 

Eventually she found her way down to my breasts. She moved me up and ripped off my bra, with a fire in her eyes, I have only seen that once. She laid me back down and covered one erect nipple with her mouth. I moaned as the hot swirl of sensations rained down upon me. "Ah...God, yes" I cried as she sucked and bit gently on my sensitive buds. I felt my wetness trickle down my sex and could do little more than moan as she devoured my breasts. 

She moved ever lower, and kissed her way down my body. She pulled my underwear off swiftly and I gasped as the cool air hit my pussy. She wasted no time and my gasp was transformed into a scream as she sucked my clit. "Oh, fuck, yes...ah." I stuttered as she lapped up my juices, coating my pussy in juices of her own. She stuck a finger in me and I screamed as she began to fuck me. She lightly bit on my clit and the continued to suck me. I bounced up and down, shimmy-ing my hips to allow more penetration and to help guide her mouth. I played with my tits while she fucked me, coming closer to the edge. 

She stuck a second finger in my and begin to jerk her hand up and down stimulating my g-spot. I screamed "Oh. FUCK!" as she first made the contact. Her body seemed to know no limits as she violently pounded me. My yells turned into cries as she brought me to climax. My body shuddered violently, as I uncontrollably convulsed on the bed. I squirted all over her, as she licked my clit and drank up my juices.

I laid there spent, practically paralyzed from the sheer sensations that she put me through. And as I laid there and she held me until I fell asleep, the last thing I remember thinking "Everyday will feel this real forever, for everyday will be spent here with her. Kayla."