 Chapter 1: Her Dream

His alarm woke him at 7 o'clock, but Everett stayed in bed thinking about the day ahead of him. It was another grey morning and it was also his 27th birthday. It was the middle of November, and he could hear the wind howling and the leaves blowing against his windows. "Great," he thought, "my hair is going to be a mess all day and I won't have time to come home and fix it before going to Grace's place." Evi prided himself on his good looks. He was tall, about 6'2", and weighed 195 lbs. He was pure muscle and was constantly working out at the gym. His dark brown hair cut short around the nape but was boyishly dishevelled no matter what length it was. His 24-year old girlfriend Grace suited him perfectly. At 5'5" and 120 lbs, she was a knockout. She was a racy brunette with hair halfway down her back, and breasts to die for. Before he had met her, he's been an ass-man, but when he'd gotten hold of her luscious melons, he'd quickly changed his focus. 

They were a 36C and incredibly firm. But it was her nipples that he loved. They were nice and dark and, when she was cold or aroused, they narrowed like a cat's pupils. Even after 3 years of being together, Evi still found them to be incredibly erotic. He remembered the first time he'd seen her. She had let two guys do body-shots on her on a dare from her two blonde friends. He knew he had to get to know this girl, and he set out to meet her. That night, at a 24-hour coffee shop, they had talked until the wee hours of morning and he had gone home unfulfilled and bothered. She had told him she was a virgin. How could he believe her after her actions that night? He vowed to get her in his bed and he called her the very next day to set up a date. And they'd been together ever since. It was going on 4 years now. Shaking his head to clear away the cobwebs of sleep and memory, he reached his hand down to rub is straining cock. After a quick masturbation session, (thinking about her tits and two guys doing body-shots on her, how could he contain himself?) he climbed out of bed and took a shower. Then he dressed in one of his best suits, combed his unruly hair, and was out the door by 9 o'clock. 

Meanwhile, Grace was curled up in her feather duvet. She had taken the day off sick in order to prepare for Evi's surprise party. She absently hit the snooze button and dozed off again. She was having a fantastic dream of being in bed with Allison and Amber, her two best friends, and she didn't want to wake up just yet…

She had met them during her second year of university while searching for a place to live. She had been 19 and one year of living in residence had been enough for her. Ali and Amber, 19 and 21 respectively, had placed an ad for a roommate and Grace had responded. They were all going to share a two bedroom apartment. Grace had been hoping for a room of her own, but was willing to sacrifice her privacy for the great location. So she ended up sharing a room with Ali. In the end, it turned out to be the most fantastic decision Grace had ever made. Ali and Amber were both blonde, about 5'7", slim and athletic, and they loved having a good time. They would go out to so many parties and come home drunk and fall into anyone's bed, though nothing sexual ever happened. However, everything would soon change. The turning point for the three girls came after getting home from a New Year's party, about 4 months after Grace had moved in.

They had come home wasted. Grace could hardly walk and Ali kept falling asleep during the cab ride home. Amber had been pretty drunk herself, but had maintained a bit of self-control in order to take care of her younger friends. Stumbling into the elevator, they hit floor number 8, and made it inside their apartment in one piece. 

"I'll go turn on the shower," Amber said. "I want both of you to clean up before crawling into bed." She entered the bathroom and turned on the water.

"I'm going first," said Grace to Ali. Quickly she hauled off her knee-high boots and nylons and ran towards the bathroom, taking off her skirt along the way. "Oh no you're not," said Ali, and she quickly started stripping. They raced to the bathroom and threw open the door, Ali clad in only her bra, panties, nylons and boots, and Grace in her shirt and underwear. 

"You guys are a mess. Come on and one of you get in the shower." Amber could be a bit bossy sometimes and Grace was the first one to recognize the tone of her voice. She quickly took off the rest of her clothes and jumped into the shower. The water felt so good and it started to sober her up a bit. Suddenly the shower curtain flew open and there was Ali, naked, hoping in behind her. 

"What are you doing?" yelled Grace. "Get out!" 

"No way man. It's freezing out there!" replied Ali. "I've seen you naked before anyway, so let's just get clean before Amber freaks out at us." The two girls stood there, not sure what to do now. Never having been naked in front of a girl in such an intimate setting, Grace didn't want to do anything provocative like raise her arms above her head to shampoo her hair. Instead, she stood there with her arms folded across her chest and her eyes closed, letting the spray hit her face. Ali began to grow impatient. "If you're not going to shampoo your own hair, then I'm going to do it for you." With that, Ali reached over and dumped a dollop of shampoo onto Grace's head. She raised up and began to wash Grace's hair. 

"This feels so good," Grace thought to herself. She leaned her head back and allowed Ali to continue. Suddenly she felt Ali's breasts touch her back. Not wanting to pull away for fear of embarrassing Ali, she just stood there and tried to concentrate on Ali's hands. A curious wetness began to moisten the area between her legs. A virgin, Grace had no experience to help her through this situation. She just kept her eyes closed and waited for Ali to say something. 

"Turn around and rinse now," whispered Ali. She was talking quietly because she didn't want to break the spell of the moment. Grace was about to find out a secret that Ali couldn't bear to keep to herself any longer. As Grace turned around, Ali allowed her hands to drop to Grace's shoulders and slide down her arms. She took Grace's hands and raised them up to her head. Grace, eyes still closed, began to rinse her hair, barely aware of how her breasts were exposed to Ali's gaze. With a groan, Ali closed the distance between them and pressed herself against Grace's body. She lifted her arms and helped Grace rinse the suds from her long brown hair. As though electrified, Grace opened her eyes and stared at Ali, who was flushed and 2 inches from her face. 

"What's going…?" Grace couldn't get the question out because Ali had decided to kiss her. Their mouths met and Grace knew she didn't want to pull away. They both forgot about Grace's hair and kissed furiously, wrapping their arms around each other. Grace tasted like vodka and orange juice, and Ali tasted like tequila and cigars. It was heaven. Ali licked Grace's teeth, a silent order for her to open her mouth. Grace responded, and their tongues touched as they deepened the kiss. Ali, completely caught up in the moment, lowered her hands to Grace's firm ass, then up her hips and around to her breasts. Grace sighed and Ali found Grace's hard nipples with her fingers. Grace groaned at such exquisite pleasure as Ali pinched and tugged at the sensitive nubs. 

Breaking the kiss, Ali swooped down to suck on a nipple. She licked all around the tip and then closed her lips around it, flicking with her tongue. Grace grabbed Ali around her head and held her there. It felt fantastic and she felt this odd tingling sensation in her pussy. Then, Ali's right hand slid down Grace's slippery body and found its way to the nest of wet, matted curls at the juncture of her legs. With a nudge, Ali slipped her hand between Grace's legs and touched the opening of her moist pussy. Grace gasped and let go of Ali's head at her breast and grasped the curtain rod and the wall for support. With this, Ali knelt down and continued her exploration of Grace's wet slit. She kissed Grace's belly and the patch of hair and then she slipped a finger inside her. 

"Oh my God," gasped Grace. Ali slid her finger in and out of Grace's pussy while her thumb played with her clit. Jolts of pleasure shot through Grace as she met every thrust of Ali's hand. She felt herself building up to a climax but it didn't feel the same as when she played with herself. She felt like she was going to fall over. 

Then, wave after wave of orgasm hit her and she collapsed to her knees. Ali removed her finger from Grace's wet hole and sucked on it before putting it in Grace's mouth. "See how good you taste?" she said, and Grace nodded. All of a sudden, the lights began to flick on and off, and Amber yelled "Ok you two, get out of the shower and get to bed. I'm tired and you're making so much noise that it's impossible to get to sleep." With a yelp and a giggle, Ali stood straight up, jerked the curtain aside, grabbed Grace's hand and a towel, and led her to their room. "Goodnight!" shouted Ali as she slammed the bedroom door.

Inside the room, Ali leaned against the door. "Here," she said. Let me dry you off." With that, she walked over to where Grace was sitting in the middle of her bed and stood next to her. "We'll start with your hair," she said, jumping onto the bed in front of Grace, "and then your back." She rubbed the towel vigorously across Grace's shoulders and neck. Then she said, "And now your front." She gently pushed Grace down flat on her back and knelt between her open legs. 

Grace was in a daze. What was happening here? Did she really just let Ali finger-fuck her? The alcohol had certainly lowered her inhibitions, but her deepest fantasy was coming true. She was going to make love to a girl… 

Her alarm buzzed again. It was 9:45. Annoyed at being woken up at the best part of her dream, Grace hauled herself out of the comfort of her goose-down puff and headed for the shower. "Time to get the ball rolling," she thought to herself with a grin on her face. She couldn't wait until tonight when Evi would get the surprise of his life.