 It was a late afternoon, around 3:30 in the school's computer lab. A dedicated Kristin decides to stay after to finish an English report. Kristin is working on her report, all alone in the computer lab; when a 5' 7'' hot, sexy, light skinned female, a new intern, walks in. They haven't done anything, but this new intern, whose name is Quanesha; but everyone calls her Q, has brushed her hands up against Kristin's arms and shoulders before...sending chills down her spine and between her thighs. These minor touches from Q have even caused Kristin to forget her thoughts. I guess she just has a gift; a gift of touch.

Both Kristin and Q are very much aware of each other and each other's bodies. As Q walks by, Kristin smells her perfume. Q begins to work at a computer four seats down. The room was quiet except for the sound of fingertips hitting the keys on the keyboards. The girls continued the awareness of each other and pretending to work for about five minutes or so.

Then Q rises from her computer and walks towards Kristin and says, "Would you help me carry from some things to my car, from in the supply closet, across the hall?" 

"Sure," Kristin says, following her out of the room, watching her body fill out the small mini skirt. 

The school is mostly empty when they leave the computer lab. Across the hall to the janitor's room is where something happens that should have happen a long time ago. The janitor's room is filled with lots of extra clean towels for the gym classes resting on shelves; and newspapers stacked up on the floor. Q closes the door behind them.

Q faces Kristin, who is about 4 inches shorter than Q; and smiles. 

"I thought you wanted me to help you carry some things to your car?" says Kristin, who obviously doesn't realize that Q is trying to seduce her. 

Q doesn't answer Kristin; instead Q outlines Kristin's full lips with her finger tips. 

"I wanted to get you alone," answers Q. 

"Why did you want to get me alone?" says Kristin. 

"So I could do this," says Q. 

Q leans forward and softly kisses Kristin's awaiting lips. 

"Is that okay?" asks Q. 

Kristin smiles and kisses Q back. Kristin takes charge, kissing Q on the lips hard; her tongue meeting Q's tongue. Then Kristin gently pushes Q back on the pile of freshly washed towels on a desk. Kristin kisses Q, hard, with Kristin's hands on Q's soft 34 C breasts. Then undoing Q's black bra, her warm breasts spring free. Q's softly moans when Kristin fumbles with Q's skirt and it slides down her long, writhing legs...until it is off. 

Kristin starts to pull Q's black thong down and looks down at Q's beautiful light skinned body. Q's black thatch of pubic hair, glistening and slight wet from the inner moisture... her breasts and hard nipples... was enough to make Kristin strip off her clothes fast... until she too was nude. Kristin leans on top of Q... kissing her, one hand on her breasts and nipples - the other sliding down to her tight, wet pussy. Kristin's fingers slide in between Q warm legs and find a resting spot in a moist pathway, feeling the heat and the moisture from the inside of Q's wet pussy... their tongues dance wildly... fingers churning up the vaginal fluids wildly. Then Kristin slides on down Q's amazingly toned body and stops at her hard nipples, which she kisses and massages with her tongue a LOT. 

Kristin continues sliding down Q's moist body, until her mouth is on Q's soaked pussy. Kristin buries her face gently in it. As she works warm tongue deep inside Q's pussy, Q's moans progresses with every thrust of Kristin's warm tongue in and out of her tight, soaked pussy. It seemed like there was nothing that could stop them from enjoying each others' "company" until Q's cell phone goes off. Kristin's begins to slow down the pace of her tongue when she hears the a cell phone ringing. 

"Ahh! Ahh! Oooh! Don't stop... Kristin," moans Q. 

"Is that your cell phone ringing?" asks Kristin. 

"Yes, but I don't want to answer it," replies Q. 

"I think you should... It could be someone important... If you don't answer it... then I will," says Kristin. 

"Okay, you answer it," says Q, still lying on the cold desk; patiently waiting for Kristin's deep search of her body. 

Kristin answers Q's annoying cell phone, "Hello?" 

A male's voice is heard on the other end, "Can I speak to Q?" 

"Yeah, just a minute," answers Kristin. 

Kristin hands Q the cell phone. 

"Hi baby! Oh, that was my friend. Yeah I'll cook tonight... Okay, I'll be home very soon. Is lil' Eric still sleep, good, good. Love you too." 

Kristin looks a little pissed after hearing Q tell him, she loves him too. 

Q sees Kristin's face and asks, "What's wrong, baby?" 

"Baby! You were just talking to your baby. I don't want to play these childish games of hide and sneak," answers Kristin. 

"I'm going to leave him, it's just that we have a son together and I just want to make sure I'm thinking about my son's best interest," says Q. 

"I understand that and I don't want to sound like a spoil brat, but I want you completely, all to myself." 

"And you will have me completely... So can we just forget about this and finish what we started in the janitor's room?" asks Q. 

Q starts to kiss Kristin's lips, in hopes that they will get the mood back. 

"I can't wait forever... I need a date," says Kristin. 

"I can't give you a date," responds Q. 

"Then I can't give you me," answers Kristin. 

Kristin starts to get dress, as Q looks at her in disappointment. Kristin leaves Q alone in the janitor's room naked and confused.