 Val offered, "How would you like some hot tea?"

"That would be delightful, but how will you make it?"

"At my place. Trust me, staff cabins are so much nicer than camper cabins."

"Oh Okay."

Val knew that the pair of them would not be able to sleep after such a thrilling moment. Her heart was still pumping as she descended down the intact ladder from Kaden's cabin.

Kaden asked her, "Are you all right Val?"

"Yeah, I'm fine Kaden."

"Are you sure?," Unlike Val, Kaden could pick up on a hint usually. She added, "Is it me?"

Once both girls were down from the ladder, Val placed her hands on Kaden's small hips. 

"Listen to me Kaden. I haven't told anyone this and I'm trusting you with this information. Okay?"

Kaden bobbed her head. 

Val proceeded, "I haven't dated anyone for nearly two years."

Kaden responded, "Well, you don't have to feel bad or embarrassed about that. I don't think anything bad of it."

"Well, that's one of the reasons I don't share this tidbit with just anyone, because it is embarrassing. But Kaden, there's more that fits the puzzle." Val looked to Kaden to see her reaction. Kaden just looked at Val with her bright green eyes patiently. She didn't have anything to say.

Silence rang between the two until Val opened her mouth and managed to say, "Geez, Kaden, I don't know how to tell you this. I don't know even if you want to hear it. I mean, to put it frankly Kaden, it's emotional baggage."

Val's eyes interlocked with Kaden's eyes. Val tried to look away, but Kaden's hand was too quick for Val; she had stopped walking and managed to bring Val's face back to her own. "Val, I don't expect the universe from you." Val's face scrunched up with confusion. Kaden stated, "I don't expect perfection from you. Humans are naturally imperfect. In fact, I personally think flaws can be beautiful and sometimes incredibly sexy. Like the way you eat your food silly." Val's sad face broke into a smile. Kaden pecked her on the lips.

"Thank you beautiful," Val whispered to Kaden in her ear as they both embraced each other. Then, they finished the trip to Kaden's cabin in a matter of minutes. The staff cabins were not far from Oakies Heights. While most first year staff lived in cabins together, Val had the blessing of living in the cabins that resembled apartments. She purposefully chose an apartment on "Level 7" because she could get more exercise during the day by taking more stairs (an elevator wasn't built). Val told Kaden this after she remarked about how high up she was.

Then Kaden asked, "Do you have a co-worker who lives with you?"

Val responded, "Well, technically I'm supposed to, because there are so many staff you know. I am on a ten-year contract which gives me seniority. At the beginning of the year, I was assigned a girl mate, and she showed up for the first month. She was a real slob. She got caught with marijuana; so she was fired. Her loss, my gain," Val laughed as she said this. 

"Good," Kaden replied.

At one time, Val yearned for a roommate – anyone who was genuinely nice and respectful to make the time go by. Now, she was thankful no such roommate existed. She had much more privacy to herself and – well Kaden – if they needed it. Val reached in her back pocket for the old rusted key. How long had it been since Camp Radman replaced their keys? She opened the door slowly and let Kaden enter first. Val followed her as she flipped on some lights.

Val's dormitory was made of all wood similar to the Radman Lodge. The wood was from a darker tree. Val didn't know what kind of tree for sure, but she loved it nonetheless. 

Inside, her dormitory almost seemed like a wooden cabin; though it looked like an apartment from the outside. Val's full bed stood in the darkest corner of the room. Near the window, a standardized desk was piled with her various papers, envelopes, and books. Across from Val's bed, was a small utility kitchen equipped with a stove, microwave, a small refrigerator, a sink, and a couple of cabinets. In between her kitchen and bed, stood a small table with enough for two people to eat comfortably. Val's bathroom was located to the right of her desk. Her favorite part of the room was next to her bed. A small authentic fireplace was installed near her bed. She placed a soft flannel sleeping bag in front of the welcoming fireplace. This was her favorite place to read at night; it was her escape from reality. Val explained this to Kaden when she inquired about all the books piled against up the wall. 

Val said, "Yeah, I've read all of those books. I mean when you live here for a year, its nothing like living in the city. You get an appreciation for the small things. I just prefer reading, because the escape is so much more real than it would be if I had a computer or T.V. I know it sounds weird, but if you lived here for a year Kaden, it would make sense." 

Kaden kneeled down and placed herself on the soft flannel sleeping bag. "So, Val, pal," she laughed at the rhyme she created and added, "If you make the tea, I'll start the fire." Val smiled and agreed. She gave Kaden some matches and said, "Be careful. If you need help, ask." Val went into her small cramped kitchen, turned on the burner, filled the teapot, and placed it on the burner. Then she returned to her room to watch Kaden struggle to light match after match. "There goes my paycheck Kaden." Val laughed after she said this. 

Kaden's eyes got big, "Oh I'm so sorry." "I'm kidding Kaden. I make more than that, but not much. Trust me, it was my decision to live this way. And I honestly love it." Val kneeled down on the floor behind Kaden.

Kaden responded, "I'm glad you took this path in your life too. Or else I would have never met you."

Val smiled hugely, "So true. Now, Kaden, focus on the object at hand. Here let me help you." Val snugged her body up behind Kaden, placed her arms beyond Kaden, and her hands on Kaden's itty bitty hands. "Your hands are so little Kaden. So cute." Kaden blushed at Val's reaction to her hands. She couldn't think of anything to say to this, but she loved the way Val handled her so fragilely. Val interrupted Kaden's thoughts, "Okay, you novice. Try not to let your brain speak over your instincts. Because I know you have that old pioneer locked up inside you. You just have to relax and let it happen. Got it?"

"Yea," Kaden said softly. She was definitely relaxing now.

"Okay, good," Val continued, "If it takes more than three strikes, you're not relaxing. You're pushing too hard. I know lighters are easier to get going, but I seem to always burn my thumb when I use them. Don't ask. Now, relax, listen, feel, and watch." With that, Val 's right hand guided Kaden's right hand lightly to the match box which Kaden held in her left hand. Val's left hand touched Kaden's left hand and urged her on just a bit faster. "That's it Kaden. We're just like two old pioneers." With that, the match hit the match box on the indicated strip and as both hands guided the match at the perfect speed, the match ignited a small flame. 

Kaden smiled from the success Val had helped her reach. Wood was already packed high up in the fireplace. Val always made sure that it was full; the last thing she wanted to do at night was go cut some wood when she was exhausted. Val lit up some of the dead leaves she stuffed in there previously. At that minute, the tea kettle whistled as it was ready. "I've got it. Stay here Kaden," Val established.

Within two minutes, Val brought Kaden some hot tea with a bit of milk in it. Kaden told Val, "This is so good. What kind is it?"

"Green tea."

"Mmmm. Thank you."

"My pleasure." Val kneeled down next to Kaden.

Kaden nervously said, "Val, will you cuddle with me?" Val's deep brown eyes met Kaden's green ones. Val could tell Kaden needed this. Val couldn't imagine what it would be like to have to live with the idea of going somewhere completely foreign alone for a whole summer. Kaden needed her and she wasn't afraid to show it. "God, I love this about Kaden. She's one of the most genuine and loving people I've ever met. I can't lose her ever, God." Val thought as she prayed to God, and finished with "Help me show my love for her. I'm so scared, but I know you can give me the strength God. She needs me as much as I need her. Please help me Lord," Val finished praying.

Kaden turned her body towards Val, "Are you there Val? Where did you go?"

Val blinked a couple of times before answering, "Sorry. My head has a tendency to leave into another land."

"I know. You've done it before. It's okay Val."

"And yes I would love to cuddle with you Kaden."

"Really?" Kaden asked surprised.

"Yes, Kaden. Do you think I'm insane? I mean, how could I not want to cuddle with someone as gorgeous and amazing as you?"

"But you don't know me yet."

"But what I know of you so far, I'm addicted to. I can't get you out of my head, my heart, and my life. I love being around you Kaden."

Kaden's green eyes flashed back and forth at Val. She pondered, "Is Val serious? I thought it was just a moment thing. This girl really likes me? I must be going insane."

Val took the insecurities away from Kaden by stretching her legs some to warp around Kaden's lithe little body. Val's legs flexed as she did this. Kaden's hand reached to touch the flexing muscle. "Man, Val, you're so toned and muscular."

"You like it?"

"Are you kidding? I love it."

Val smiled at this. "Thank you." Val's long large arms encased Kaden yet again one more time except they were both faced towards the fire. And Val didn't need to ask. She let her hands roam Kaden's body free-willingly. She touched Kaden's flat stomach and inquired, "You do a lot of crunches?"

Kaden laughed, "Yes, every morning."

"Wow."

Then, Kaden told her randomly, "I have a surprise for you."

"Oh yeah? I love surprises. So long as it's a good one."

Kaden giggled some and then said, "Lean back you muscular pioneer."

"Yes Ma'am," was all Val could manage to say as she leaned back. Val was baffled and had no idea what to expect.

With the extra room, Kaden turned her body opposite of that of Val's body. She leaned back as well and lifted her small white T-shirt up off her body. Val didn't say a word, but watched with intensely with her eyes. Her eyes never blinked or flinched away for a second. Val was starting to enjoy this.

Kaden lifted up her arms to take the shirt off entirely. Val's eyes greedily drank in the sight before her. An amazing collar bone stood out among her breathing chest. Below her prominent collar bone, were two milky white plump breasts encased by a black push-up bra. She then used her finger to point to her small navel. "Look Val," Kaden told her while laughing. Val's eyes traced the line that started from her breasts down to her navel. Her eyes observed a nice tanned flat athletic stomach. This drove Val crazy. She had to sit on her hands to resist such a lovely stomach. She licked her lips at the sight even. Then, Val saw a little ladybug belly button piercing popping out of her outie belly button. Val said, "Aawwww. That's so adorable."

Kaden just giggled and responded, "Well, don't you want to touch it?"

Val didn't need any more of an invitation. Her hands traced Kaden's line down to her belly button. Then, Val gave in to the temptation of giving her a giant strawberry on her stomach. Val's pinkish wet lips blew forcefully on her flat stomach. As her lips wavered in and out, a wet sound emitted from her lips. Kaden was leaning so far back now that she was almost laying down. She was giggling and her whole body was squirming by this point. Val blew one more strawberry and got the same reaction.

Kaden noted, "Your hands are so cold." "I know," Val responded as she reached for her warm tea. "I'm the cold-natured type. You should see me in winter. I'll have like five layers of clothes on while I am sleeping."

Kaden laughed and said, "It's okay. I'll keep you warm."

Val's brown eyebrows furrowed and her eyes looked into Kaden's green ones. She paused for a second, "I would like that Kaden if you could be with me till winter..and maybe even longer."

Kaden wanted to know, so she asked, "How long?"

"Forever if that's what you want."

Kaden smiled and said, "No doubt about it." The two sat in silence for a moment letting their words sink in.

Val finally said, "Thanks for showing me your bellybutton and well your extremely beautiful body."

Kaden smiled and her eyes shined as a "thank you." She then responded, "Well, there's more where that comes from that you haven't seen yet -..."

"Kaden, I haven't even begun to show that part of myself to you yet and I don't expect to for awhile. I would say the same for your body.", Val interrupted and touched Kaden's shoulder and added, "I didn't expect to see that much of you tonight. I was taken by surprise, but let me say I definitely enjoyed it." Val smiled thoughtfully.

Kaden added, "But I mean, Val, you're welcome to enjoy more of me tonight."

Val sat in silence for a moment just staring hard at Kaden. "What do you mean?"

"You only live once right? I mean, why not enjoy this bond we have tonight? What do you say?," Kaden said energetically and whimsically. Val shook her head as Kaden talked. "No, I can't do that. I refuse to do that - to you or to me. It's not the worth the consequences Kaden." "What do you mean? It's not like we're going to get pregnant?" At that, Kaden laughed. Val's fingers lightly touched Kaden's lips to motion her to be quiet. Kaden immediately understood and silenced herself.

Tears started to come for Val. It had been too long since she released her pain and she certainly didn't want to experience it again. Kaden observed all of this in Val's now determined and wet eyes. The light from the fire flicked on and off Val's face making her twenty times more beautiful. Kaden's green eyes stuck to Val's brown ones.

Val spoke, "I told you I hadn't dated for two years. Well, let me start from the beginning so you can understand better. I dated boys in high school and somewhat into college on and off. I didn't discover I was a lesbian till later. I wasn't one of those girls who got drunk and played with girls. I was the exact opposite. I went away for college and I was the college girl who didn't do anything but study, play sports, and work my ass off for what I wanted. I mean I still knew how to have fun, but I didn't get drunk too much or anything that would put me in a risky situation. But no matter how much I tried to stay on my life, I couldn't fight love."

At this point, Val laughed at herself. Kaden asked, "What do you mean?"

"In my senior year of college, I met this graduate student. God, she was amazing. She was the most intelligent, toughest, and kindest woman I had ever met. She was studying to become a doctor. Her name was Jordan. Every time I hear that name, I still get a spark that travels up and down my spine. I can't explain it."

Val continued her story while Kaden listened eagerly, "We became best friends through the Outdoor Adventure Club. After I got to know her after three months, I pretty much fell for her. That's when I knew I was a lesbian. I just never really admitted it to myself before. Anyway, Jordan and I did everything together. We went backpacking, canoeing, kayaking, camping, and everything else under the sun during the weekends and breaks we had together. I went from this straight-laced woman to this daredevil energetic woman. Jordan gave me a whole new meaning to the word "living." I never knew the importance of a smile, an act of kindness, quality time with a love one, and anything like that."

Val started to cry more. Kaden said with open arms, "Val, come here."

Val crawled to Kaden as Kaden wrapped her short arms around Val's muscular frame. Val smelled Kaden's hair and she smelled fresh roses. She smiled at the smell. She could keep her head buried upon Kaden's body there forever. They stayed together like this for some five minutes until Val said, "Okay, it's time for me to tell you the hard part."

"If you want to Val..."

"I want to and you need to know," Val said as she pulled apart from Kaden's sensual body.

"I contemplated telling her I liked her for a long time. I got so scared sometimes. I didn't want to ruin our friendship. In the past, I've lost so much of what I thought I had for the rest of my life, that I didn't want to lose her. I thought if confessed my feelings to her, in a way, I would lose her. And I didn't feel entirely comfortable telling her that I way gay. I had no idea how'd she react to my feelings and sexual orientation." Val took a moment to breathe. It had been forever since she'd talked about this with anyone. Even herself. It was time to talk about it. 

Kaden said, "You did tell her though, didn't you?"

"Yes, I did. My feelings got so strong for her I had to tell her. I mean I felt like I wasn't living if I didn't tell her. I would have been denying everything she taught me." Val started to breathe deeper.

"So what happened when you told her? What happened?" Kaden asked eagerly.

"Well, that's the funny part. See, my major in college was Outdoor Adventure. And so I naturally was in the club too, but the club didn't teach everything it did to the people specializing in Outdoor Adventure. Well, my class had the awesome opportunity to get trained in rock climbing. We practiced on a wall and then they took us out to an actual mountain to climb for a few days. When I got back, I told Jordan about how awesome it was. So, a few weeks later, when her schedule got more open, she decided that we were going rock climbing that weekend. Well, it's easier said than done. I mean we had to gather all the equipment from the harnesses, to carabineers, to the appropriate ropes, and even find safe ideal places to climb. We were beginner climbers and didn't want to be climbing a mountain that was intended for experts. Luckily, I had my 'ins' and managed to get some equipment. I figured I had enough knowledge to get by to make up for our experience level."

At this point, Val closed her eyes for a second as if to put herself in the situation. Wrinkles formed in her forehead. She bowed her head into her lap and brought her hands to her face to shield her eyes. She was crying very hard now. Harder than she had in a long time. 

At first, Kaden didn't know what to do. She stood there helplessly and felt dumbfounded. Finally, she reached for Val's hand and said, "Val, I'm here. I want to relive this with you. Okay, you don't have to bear it on your shoulders anymore. You can share it with me. Val?"

Val had stopped crying. These words seemed to utter between each of hers over and over again before she said, "Okay. I'm sorry I'm being such a baby. It was just so painful."

"You can tell me anything."

Val sat up and said, "Right then. I said those three little words, 'I love you' during the climax of our mountain trip. I was at the top of the mountain and she had already done her climb very successfully. So, it was my turn. And, well, unfortunately for me, my deepest fears if of heights. I wanted to be tough you know for her. She could tell I was scared, because I was acting like such a weenie. Anyway, eventually, she helped me concentrate and get all the negative thoughts out of my head. And I backed my legs up ever so gracefully and made my way down the mountain edges. Once I was down, she hugged me instantly and congratulated me. This was odd for Jordan. Jordan never hugged me. She might pat me nicely or smile friendly at me, but hugging was a big thing for her. She just wasn't one of those hugging kind of people. You know what I mean?"

This time Val didn't need to cry; she just needed to make sure Kaden was following her. "Yeah," Kaden affirmed her.

"Right so, she hugged me! And after that, I was like 'Jordan, I need to tell you something.' She knew right at the beginning what I was going to say. She saw it buried in my eyes. So, I figured I would just tell her. Get it over with you know. I said, 'Jordan, I like you a fucking lot.' She laughed. She laughed out loud at what I said. Out of all her reactions, I never expected for her to react that way. I just stared at her with my mouth wide open dumbly. This made her laugh more," Val shared smiling and even laughing herself. Kaden joined in.
