 She'd been asking for at all day. She'd been very bad, pushing the underlings around before her big boardroom presentation. She needed to be taught a lesson. She needed to be turned around from the chart made by other people that she pointed to proudly. She deserved to be grabbed by the shoulders and laid out on the conference table, her red hair fanned out around her head. 

"You've been very unpleasant all day, Ms. Lowry. You've been asking for it."

She deserved to have her panties ripped off and slid over her lush round hips. She was instantly so wet. Her body tensed as soon as my breath was close enough to touch her pussy. Her back arched, moving her pussy closer to my face. I let my tongue dart quickly over her slit, just for a half-second. She gasped audibly, no longer able to pretend she didn't like it. 

"Sorry for the interruption gentlemen, won't be but a minute. Feel free to look over your packets," I took my attention away from her ripe wetness to excuse our lack of professionalism. 

The men were speechless and red faced. I'm sure they were grateful to be sitting at a table with their laps covered. I never cared for men, but the thought of them stiffening and throbbing as I set Ms. Lowry straight made my pussy swell and drip. I heard some flies unzipping. 

I buried my face is Ms. Lowry's pussy, lapping at her with full force for just a few seconds. I made sure it was too much. I wanted her to be overwhelmed and red hot. I wanted her to see light and I wanted her to wail and moan in spite of herself. 

I pulled myself completely away from her and watched her writhe as the pleasure pulsed through her body. As she caught her breath, she let her knees drop open to give me a look. She was so wet her thighs were glistening. She rocked her hips back and forth on the table, so turned on she couldn't sit still. I brushed my index finger along her swollen lips and took back with it a string of her sweet, hot honey. She whimpered as she watched me taste her off my finger.

I heard a grunt from one of the executives. 

"I don't want to hear any of you. Ms. Lowry's about to give a concert and you're very very lucky to be in attendance. I want no distractions and no mess, understand?"

Their faces shined with sweat as they gaped back at me.

"Do you understand?"

"Yes," that all answered like sheepish school boys.

"Very good."

I turned my attention to Ms. Lowry. I climbed up onto the conference table. I pinned her hands together above her head and tied them together with her soaking lace panties. I lowered my face very closely to hers as I hovered over her on all fours.

"You want to cum, don't you?"

"Please," she whimpered. 

"What makes you think I'll let you?"

"Please let me," she moved beneath me, raising her hips up towards mine. Her eyes pleading. I pushed her back down onto the table with my hand firmly on her mound, so she'd feel it in her clit.

"No."

"Please, make me cum. I need it."

"You want to cum here? In front of all these respectable business men?"

"Yes!"

I slowly unbuttoned her shirt and slid it up her arms to where her hands were bound. I ran my tongue from her collar bone up to her earlobe, which I sucked into my mouth and flick my tongue over like I would her clit. Her moans were deep and breathy. She squeezed her legs together in an attempt to relieve the pulsing pleasure in her pussy. I reached down and pried her legs back apart.

"None of that. You have to wait."

I pulled my sweater over my head, folded it and put it under hers. I sat back to look her over. Her skirt had ridden all the way up to her waist. She was covered only by a sheer lace bra, her nipples hard and pink underneath. I felt my pussy begin to throb. Teasing her was teasing me. 

"You're very lucky today, Ms. Lowry. Lace turns me on." 

With that, I took her soft, lace-sheathed breasts in each hand. I felt their weight and their warmth. Her nipples pressed into the palms of my hands, hard as rocks. I lowered my hips to sit on her torso, my pussy square on her mound. I took each nipple between two fingers. I rolled and pinched and tugged at them while grinding my pussy on her mound, temporarily relieving my throbbing pussy. Her head lolled back, releasing a frustrated wail from the bottom of her lungs.

"Can you feel me though my panties?" I asked her.

She nodded while she whined and panted.

"Do you feel how wet I am?"

"Yes," she groaned.

"You've done a very good job, Ms. Lowry."

I reached behind me and unclasped my bra, I let the straps slide down my shoulders. My bra fell away and I lowered my round, full tits to her face. She lapped at them greedily until I put my left nipple between her lips. I felt all the muscles in my pussy constrict and she suckled away at me and swirled her tongue around my areola. I reached down between her legs to feel the table beneath her pussy, pleased to find a small pool of her juices.

"You're almost ready, Ms. Lowry."

I had made her wait long enough. At this point, I was sure most of the clients had already cum and started round two. I had their undivided attention as I played Ms. Lowry like an instrument, taking the time to tease her and build her pleasure, something I'm sure all men are capable of but never consider doing. 

My hands wet from her overflow, I rubbed her tits through her bra, then lowered my mouth to her right breast, licking her nipple through the soggy lace. I'm sure this sent a jolt of electricity down to her pussy and practically screamed a sharp 

"Ah!"

"Please! Please fuck me!"

"In front of all these people?"

"Yes!" She bucked her hips in spite of herself. There was no more teasing her. She'd reached a level of sensory overload and she was ready to release. Every breath that escaped her was accompanied by a desperate moan. Her body glistened with perspiration. 

I decided she'd waited long enough. 

I took her left nipple into my mouth and sucked hard as I fluttered my tongue over the tip. At the same time, I plunged my hand between her leg, hooking two fingered inside of her. She was so wet and hot. He pussy hugged my fingers and I could feel her pulse as my fingertips touched down on her g-spot. I strummed her clit with my thumbs, conducting the guttural, staccato cries of pleasure. My fingers slid in and out of her easily, making a lovely sound as I fucked her.

Keeping my hand inside of her, I moved myself down and lowered my face to her pussy. I replaced my thumb with my lips as I sealed them over the top half of her pussy, sucking her clit and the surrounding area into my mouth. I let my lips act as a vacuum while I lapped at her clit from beneath it. All the while, pumping my fingers in and out of her, putting pressure directly on the rough texture of her g-spot. I left my free had float up to pinch and roll her nipples, for a little added touch. 

She humped my hand and my face, moving and sounding like a wild animal. Her moans started to crescendo to wild frantic hollering. Her muscles constricted harder around my fingers, holding them in. That just made me fuck her harder.

I came up for air and looked right into her eyes.

"Cum for me." I demanded, calmly and directly. 

Her back arched and her face burned red. I took my fingers out of her and firmly rubbed her clit as the orgasm I held over her for so long washed over her body. Her whole body bucked as she came, practically howling with pleasure. She exploded with a stream of clear cum that I let splash onto her precious flow chart. 

I slid my fingers back into her and fucked her gently to milk her orgasm just a little longer, to let her down easy. 

Her body relaxed on the table on as she caught her breath. I wiped my hands and face on her skirt. 

She stayed tied up while I rifled through her brief case. I produced a copy of the contract that the whole meeting had been over and placed it in front of the head honcho. 

"I think we've shown you all there is. Would you like a pen, sir?"

He nodded wordlessly as I handed him a pen and showed him where to sign.

With that, I got up and held the conference room door, open for them. Their cue to leave. 

"It's been a pleasure. We look forward to working with you." I shook each of their hands as they passed.

"Jessica," Ms. Lowry whimpered my name. "You...you're in for a promotion."

I pulled down my soaked panties, climbed back onto the conference table and straddled her head on my knees.

"Oh no, Ms. Lowry. I love being your assistant."

Before she could answer, I lowered myself onto her face and let her tongue part my lips and probe my pussy. 

It was my turn.