 I push you back onto the bed and sit straddled across you, my pussy resting over your mound.

"You want to fuck Baby?"

Feeling the hot heat of your cunt rising to me, even through our clothes, this is all the answer I need. Sitting over your pussy while I lean forward, rubbing my body against you and taking hold of your head as we kiss deeply, passionately, my tongue lavishing against your own. Kissing your eyes, your ears, and your neck before returning to ravish your lips, and relish in the saliva of your mouth, as I suck on your tongue. Forcing my kisses over you as I squeeze your breasts through your clothes and your bra, before slowly opening your top, pulling it off filled with the need to devour your hard nipples, to suckle them as I pull your bra from under you.

Now sitting up, teasingly stroking your bra over your Tits, your nipples, before leaning forward to kiss you again and again, throwing your bra to one side as I suck and squeeze on your Tits. You strip off my blouse and my bra, exposing my tits to you. I want to feel your tits against mine, to stroke your nipples with mine, before moving up and using them both to stroke your loving face, and before bringing my nipples to your lips. teasing across their vermilion whilst holding your head, momentarily stopping you from rising up to suck on me, playing with your lips before suddenly pushing my nipple between them to now permit your soft lips to encompass them, to suck, bite and kiss as you desire.

Loving the feeling of your hungry mouth sucking first one nipple, then the other into your mouth. Mmm, I love the feel, the turgor of your tits on me. I adore tits; their feel, their taste.

As I sit up again, I admire and fondle you loving the way your flesh molds itself, responding to the enjoyment of my hands as they express the joy your body is giving me! I Love the smile on your face and the way you murmur your enjoyment as you grind your mound against me. Feeling the increasing heat of your pussy beneath me knowing that you want more there, knowing that you want the feel of my naked body on you! Rising off of you, I stand you up and strip you naked, standing back and admiring every facet and curve of your body, loving again the look of your Tits, then down to your pussy as I slowly remove the remainder of my clothes.

Now we are one: naked; nude; fully exposed one to the other! I push you back to the bed and lay between your legs, my mound high and resting at the top of your slit. I can't resist the desire to again kiss your loving mouth, our kisses now expressing an increased passion as our lithe bodies writh together. 

"Oh baby am I ever ready to explore you, to enjoy your body!"

Your hands are rubbing all over my back, your nails lightly scratching over my skin. I slowly move up your body, my legs to your sides, sliding my pussy up your body, further and further until I have my knees each side of your head and my pussy hovering over your mouth, I have hold of your hair as I rub my clit across your nose, and over your forehead, then back down. Teasing your lips with my pussy before sinking it hard to your mouth. In an instant I feel your tongue push into my cunt and then lick up and down my slit.

That's enough, if you want more you're going to have to ask for it... With my slit sliding deftly against your neck I ask you:

"Do you want more baby, do you want to eat Aimie's cunt?"

The look on your beautiful face is amazing: 

"You want my cunt honey, tell me, do you want it."

Looking up at me you growl and smile all at the same time, 

"Aimie, you're such a slutty bitch"

Rolling me over, your hands slip beneath my buttocks as and your mouth is on me in a single moment... Veracious, your tongue is licking everything that my now open legs are offering up to you!

"Yes Baby... Eat me, fuck me with your tongue, eat my cunt!"

I am alive with the sensations your mouth is lavishing on my cunt; your tongue is everywhere, and every now and then you bite my labial lips, 

"Oh Fuck yes, I love that." 

Momentarily you pull away and you're your hand slaps my pussy, once, twice, three times... Your mouth is back at work, your hands squeezing my arse! Your tongue searches out my clit and you are amazing with the way you, lick, suck and yes even bite it in that way only women know how! My fingers grasp your hair, pulling you to me, the need for more overwhelming me as I now feel you push two fingers into my cunt; skilled fingers turn up and you find my G-spot and as you suck my clit, fucking my G-spot, harder and harder.

I scream in delight and passion of your expertise. A scream, a prelude to the sensations rising and falling within me. Inexplicably it comes to a momentary stop before once again rising to touch every nerve in my body as it now descends to centre within my pelvis as I explode into orgasm, causing my cunt to ooze juices: soaking my inner thighs as they pour from my body and over your face, your mouth relishing in the prize you have sought of me for so long.

I mewl the loving sounds of my orgasm as you drink me into you, my orgasm seemingly never ending until I collapse, utterly exhausted from this thrilling moment of pure sex! You move to my side and as you kiss me, your mouth opens delivering to me the juices of my cum. Our kiss dissolves into a wet, tongue delving kiss of wanton, mewling passion. Only when we draw apart do I collapse by your side, spent and in need of momentary recovery.

"Oh baby am I ever going to fuck you!"

I roll you onto your back, and as I move down between your legs I take a moment to bite and suck on each nipple. Between your thighs I lavish kisses over your inner thighs and groins. I can hear your mewling sounds of pleasure as my face gets closer and closer to your cunt. Taking holding hold of your labial lips with my teeth I softly bite and open you wide, licking your slit from back to front, up and down before fucking it into your hole. Loving the taste of your cunt juices as I do so. Drawing back now I lick all the way down to lick a circle around the tiny puckered edges of your arsehole, leaving some wetness there as I lick back up your slit to devour your clit, simultaneously slipping a finger into both your cunt and you arse. Eating your clit and slowly fucking you back and front. 

I know you're going to cum... Your pelvis lifts from the bed and you push hard against me as I suck and finger fuck you harder and harder until that amazing moment of exquisite joy as you scream your orgasm and I drink every morsel of you love juice!

Only now do I return to your side, to kiss you, to hold you, in love, as we fall into the abyss of sleep.