 Something was wrong.

Lily lay still, keeping her eyes closed.

"Something is very wrong here."

The bed felt normal. It wasn't too warm or cool in the room. It was still dark. Suddenly it dawned on her. Silence!

Normally she would be able to hear traffic down below on the streets, the not-unwelcome sound of other human beings. The sounds of the city. Now there was nothing.

Lily opened her eyes and gasped. She was in her own bed, still wearing her panties and over-sized shirt, but she wasn't in her apartment any more.

The room was small. The walls around her were metallic and bare. The roof was curved, making the room into a half-sphere.

Lily sat up and frowned.

"Come to think of it," she thought, "I don't remember going to sleep."

As Lily sat there and tried not to panic, she became aware of a gradual glow from above. There were no visible light sources, but after a short wait she could see clearly.

A disembodied voice spoke out: "Do not be afraid. You are safe."

"Who said that? Where am I?"

"I am C21," replied the voice in a steady, mechanical monotone, "You are aboard my ship."

"Have I been kidnapped?"

"In a way. I have been observing you for some time, I believe you are the correct subject."

"Subject? What are you talking about? "

"There will be no mistakes this time."

Lily started to panic, "What the hell is going on here? Let me out!"

"Please, you must remain calm. I require you to answer some questions before we begin. What is your title?"

"My title? My name is Lily."

"Very well, Lily. Have you bred before this date?"

"Bred?"

"The process by which your species procreates."

"None of your damn business."

"Ah. You have such strange customs. Never mind, I've done the appropriate research."

Lily got out up of off the bed and carefully examined the walls, looking for an escape. There didn't seem to be any visible sign of one.

"Please, whoever you are, let me out of here! I'll do anything you ask. Anything!"

"That is good, I had feared that this would be difficult. Are you prepared to breed?"

"You want to fuck me?"

"I am very certain that we would not be compatible, though there is some merit to such an experiment. I wish for you to to create a child."

Lily considered her options.

"I guess I have no choice. Do I get to pick my partner?"

"I'm afraid not. I've studied the mating materials of your species, I know what you require and have it prepared."

Suddenly the room became violently bright and Lily was forced to cover her eyes.

As the room became visible once more, Lily prepared herself to meet the lucky guy. She had been good to her body and considered herself quite attractive, with natural curves and full but still perky breasts. She hoped her partner would meet a similar standard.

What met her eyes was not quite to her expectations.

Laying across Lily's bed was a stunning young redhead. A woman.

The two looked at one another.

"What the fuck!" exclaimed the redhead.

"This isn't going to work!" Lily yelled.

"I understand that your customs normally do not allow strangers to breed," said C21, "I urge you to continue in spite of this."

"What are you talking about? You want me to get pregnant, right?" asked Lily.

"Either of you would be appropriate."

"We're both women."

"Yes. You require a pair to procreate, do you not?"

"I don't know where you get your information, but-"

"Please cease your resistance. This is my final answer. I order the two of you to breed."

The redhead looked up at Lily, "This guy is nuts."

"You're telling me. I guess we should, well..."

"I guess. Why don't you start. I've never been with a woman."

"Neither have I."

Lily gingerly climbed back onto the bed. She couldn't help but feel just a little excited.

The redhead blushed deeply. If anything she was even more attractive than Lily, though perhaps a little older. She was wearing a white negligee with matching panties and stockings. Lily idly wondered what she had been up to before the abduction.

Lily slid across the bed. Very shortly she was hovering over the other women, their faces mere inches apart. Lily ran her tongue across her lips, but didn't make a move.

"Well, I'm Lily, by the way. What's your name?"

"Sam. Or Samantha, I suppose."

With that diversion used up Lily slowly leaned in, but she just couldn't bring herself to make contact with Samantha."

"Hurry up. Haven't you ever experimented before?"

"No. Have you?"

"No."

"Well what do you expect? What exactly are we going to do here?"

Samantha frowned, "I didn't give it much thought. I guess we make out, then you eat me out."

"What! I'm not putting my mouth on another woman's pussy."

"Well somebody has to do it."

Samantha suddenly surged upward and forced their lips together. They held the position for a moment, then Lily reluctantly forced her tongue past Samantha's painted lips.

"Damn," thought Lily, "If I close my eyes this isn't half bad."

Lily gingerly explored the inside of Samantha's mouth, eventually the two tongues met.

Samantha pulled away, "I can't do this," she gasped, "It just too wrong."

"We have to do this," Lily forced herself to reply, "There's no way out."

Samantha looked around, frantic. "Listen up you stupid fuck! This won't work! You have to let me out of here!"

Silence.

"I can see that this is hard for you," C21 said, "I will do what I can to help."

The lights dimmed slightly and took on a pink shade.

"This won't work!" yelled Samantha.

A slight hiss filled the room. Samantha became aware of an odd smell. A nice smell. After a few deep breaths she lay back against the pillows and smiled contently.

"You actually do look kind of attractive," she purred at Lily.

Lily grinned shyly, "So do you want me to eat you out now?"

"Not exactly."

Samantha leaped forward. In a blur of movement Lily was pinned to the bed beneath the redhead.

A hand snaked up under Lily's long shirt and tore away her cotton panties.

"Jesus!" said Lily.

The two pairs of lips met once more, this time with Samantha taking the initiative. Her tongue danced around the inside of Lily's mouth.

When the pair finally separated Lily took a deep breath.

"That was so naughty," she moaned, "You're a great kisser."

Samantha grinned mischievously.

Lily moved in to resume the kiss, but her lips met empty air. She felt her legs being forced apart.

"Not so fast, Sam," she breathed.

Samantha hungrily looked down at the pussy in front of her. It was swollen and glistening, there was a small wet patch forming beneath Lily.

A wet licking sound filled the air. It took Lily a moment to react, but the pleasure reached her in due time and she let out a soft moan.

Samantha lapped away like a hungry animal. She felt slightly confused by the situation, but her pussy was soaked and her mind was flooded with arousal.

Lily shifted around on top of the silk sheet, Samantha grabbed onto her thighs and attempted to keep her still.

"Oh God," Lily moaned, "Are you sure you've never done this before?"

Samantha briefly pulled away.

"I don't know what has come over me. I need to taste your hot cunt! I have to make you cum!"

Lily dug her nails into the sheet as her pussy was devoured. The temperature inside the room seemed to have risen considerably, the two women were glistening with sweat.

Overcome with pleasure, Lily reached down and grabbed a handful of thick red hair, holding her lover's head in place. Samantha understood the gesture and redoubled her efforts, lathering Lily's swollen lips and gently tickling her clit.

Suddenly Samantha moved again, after a short struggle a pair of lacy white panties pressed up against Lily's nose. Samantha's tongue resumed its magic. Lily quickly pulled Samantha's panties to one side and applied her own tongue. The room filled with panting and moaning, the sheets were absolutely soaked.

With a mighty cry, Lily experienced a mind numbing climax. Her scream was muffled by a mouth full of pussy. The excitement pushed Samantha over the edge shortly after.

The pair lay entwined on the bed, slowly recovering from their orgasms. Lily was the first to speak.

"What the hell was that? I've never done anything like that before in my life!"

Samantha let out a long breath, "I know, I've been married for five years and I've never cum that hard."

Lily let out a short laugh, "What do you think your husband would say about this?"

"You have rested for long enough," interrupted C21, "Now continue breeding."

Samantha smiled, "Well, you heard the order. I guess we should get back to it."

Lily gasped as Samantha's tongue danced across her sensitive flesh once more.