 Lola and I had always been best friends, for as long as I could remember. We were so similar yet so different - she was blonde, bubbly and outgoing whereas I was brunette, a little bit shy and quiet at times. We were the same size for everything, tops, jeans, bras, panties - everything! We could borrow each others clothes or mix and match underwear whenever we wanted. 

We were 22 now, both with boyfriends and jobs but still saw each other almost every day. 

We would stay over at each others apartments if we were out late, depending on which one was closest at the end of the night and usually sleep in the same bed. 

One afternoon, we were planning to go out later on so Lola invited me over to get ready and have some drinks at her place. 

I walked straight in and dumped my bags in her room. 

"Hey! Its me" I called out as I came in the door. 

"Oh hey! I'm just getting in the shower, I'll be like 5 minutes" she yelled back.

I heard the water start running as I sat on her bed, turning some music on. 

I relaxed on her bed for a while, waiting for her to finish. A few minutes later she walked in, wrapped in a small pink towel, her blonde hair sticking to her neck and back. 

"Well hello" I smiled "How's things?" I asked as she sat down at her vanity to dry her hair.

"I'm fab! How are you?" she grinned back, starting to brush her hair.

"I'm good too." I replied as she tugged the brush through her long hair. 

She blow-dried it quickly and pinned it back so she could get dressed. She stood up, letting the small towel drop to the floor, exposing her gorgeous body. I had seen it so many times, we were always getting dresses or undressed in front of each other, but it always took me by surprise just how gorgeous she was naked. 

I didn't realise I was staring until she turned to me, holding a lacy red and black bra and matching panties. 

"Earth to Izzy!" she mocked, stepping closer "Were you staring at my tits?!" she teased.

I snapped back to reality, "Uhh... what?" I asked a little confused, her smooth, round D-cup tits closer to me than I was comfortable with. 

"I said... 'shall I wear this tonight?' but you didn't hear because you were too busy staring at my amazing sexy body" she smirked. 

I rolled my eyes "Yeah yeah, whatever." I replied "but you should definitely wear those tonight, they're hot." I said, gesturing at the bra and panties.

She grinned and hung them on the chair, "I know right!" she exclaimed.

She turned around and bend over, rummaging through a drawer. I could see her cute little ass and a slither of pussy as she did so. Was she deliberately teasing me? I thought. She knew I was open to experimenting but we had never really talked about it. Secretly, I had always fantasised about being with a girl. I had only ever been with guys and the thought of kissing and touching another girl really turned me on. My pussy tingled at the thought of her doing this on purpose to tease me. 

She stood up and turned to face me. I quickly looked away, so she wouldn't catch me looking again. 

"Nice try" she giggled, steeping closer to me again. Her naked body less than a metre away from me. 

"What?" I asked, sitting up on the bed. 

"How come you get to see me naked but you've still got all your clothes on?" she teased.

"Uhhh, because you just got out the shower... naked?" I laughed.

"Hmmm..." she said, pulling at my arm. 

I stood up, looking at her, confused again. 

"We'll have to do something about it then, wont we?" she said quietly, standing only inches away from me now. 

"What are you...?" I mumbled as she pressed against me, kissing me hard, silencing me with her mouth. 

Her hands were quick and agile as they tugged my jacket and my top off, her mouth still pressed to mine. She started on my jeans, breaking our kiss as she pulled them to the floor, letting me step out of them. Soon, I was stood there in a pink bra and black lacy panties with a pink bow on them. 

"What are you doing?" I asked again, dizzy.

"Isn't this what you want?" she purred, kissing up my chest to my neck. 

I moaned quietly, feeling her soft warm lips on my bare skin. She reached around and unclasped my bra, sliding it down my arms, discarding it on the floor. She placed my hands on the small of her back, just above her ass. Her own hands worked up my body again, cupping my perky D-cup tits. She teased and tweaked my nipples between her thumb and forefinger as I slid my hands down her hips, grabbing her ass. 

She tilted her head up and kissed me again, sliding her tongue into my mouth. 

She pushed me back on to the bed, my tits bouncing as I fell. She pulled me to the edge of the bed and tugged my panties down. We were both totally naked now. She was kneeling on the floor, pushing my legs open. 

"Lay back" she instructed. 

I did as I was told, laying back, my legs hanging off the of the bed.

She parted my legs and pushed her head between them. I could feel her warm breath on my pussy and it made me even wetter. She licked and bit the insides on my thighs, moving towards my pussy slowly. She paused before running her finger across my slit. I moaned, surprised. She pushed a little harder, her finger sliding between my pussy lips.

"You're soaking, Izzy!" she moaned between my legs.

She slipped a finger inside me as she started to lick me. Her tongue running over my wet pussy, my body tingling with pleasure.

She flicked her tongue over my clit, making me moan louder. She picked up the pace, sliding her finger in and out of my pussy, her tongue flicking over my clit again. She reached up with her other hand and found my tits again, she continued playing with my nipples, my moans getting louder and more frequent as she fingered me and licked me out at the same time.

I cried out and grabbed handfuls of bed sheets as my orgasm peaked and flooded through me, cum gushing out of me and over her hand. I heard her giggle between my legs, before licking up the wave of wetness that she had caused. When she had finished, she stood up and climbed on top of me, straddling my hips. I sat up with her, wrapped around me, she leaned in and kissed me again, her tongue exploring my mouth, sharing my sweet cum. I grabbed her hair and pulled her closer before sliding my hands down her body, pausing to rub my thumbs over her nipples, making her squirm on top of me. I slid one hand down between her split legs and found her pussy. It was dripping wet and I easily pushed 2 fingers inside. I moved my fingers inside her as she moaned into my mouth, clearly enjoying herself. 

My fingers were soaking, her juices dripping down my hand as I fingered her, a little faster now, urging her to cum. She moaned louder, grinding slightly against my hand, she was panting and breathless.

"I wanna taste you." I slowed my fingers down. "Sit on my face." I instructed. 

She got up off my lap as I shifted onto the bed and laid on my back. She straddled my naked body again, working her way up to my face. She positioned her bare, glistening pussy just above my mouth. I could smell her intoxicatingly sweet smell, a mix of her soap and perfume with her natural scent. I felt my pussy tingle again. I grabbed her ass and pushed her onto my mouth, my tongue ready for her. 

She groaned loudly as my tongue explored her. 

"Fuckkk." she groaned. 

I kept going, searching for her sweet spot. I found it quickly and felt her body convulse as I swept my tongue over it. I looked up at her, she had her eyes closed and her head tilted back in pleasure, her hands caressing her nipples. I licked her some more, before gently nibbling her clit. She cried out, pushing herself onto me harder. She started to grind her hips, sliding her pussy back and forth on my mouth. I nibbled her again and she cried out louder.

"Izzy! I'm gonna cum!" she panted, still pinching and tugging at her nipples.

I squeezed her beautiful ass tighter and licked and sucked at her harder. Her body trembled and shook, I could tell she was close.

I nibbled at her clit one more time and felt her juices flow out of her. She came hard, her moans receding as I licked up all her sweet cum. I felt it trickle down my cheeks, my tongue unable to keep up. 

When she had finished cumming all over my face, she got up and laid next to me on the bed. She kissed me and I realised my pussy was slick and aching again. 

"Woah." She said when she'd finally caught her breath. She slid her hand up my body and cupped my breast.

I laughed and rolled over on to my side so I was facing her. "That was great!" I smiled. 

"Would you do it again?" she asked, grinning.

"Definitely!" I blurted. 

Her hand dropped back down to my pussy, she looked at me with a coy smile on her face. Her fingers brushed my lips and she felt a slither of wet. She raised her eyebrows at me.

"Still wet?" she cooed, sliding her finger between my legs. 

I bit my lip, "Mmhm." I murmured, a little embarrassed again. 

She clambered over me, her pussy brushing against mine as she leaned over the side of the bed. 

"What are you doing?" I asked.

"Just wait..." she mumbled, rummaging around under her bed. 

She produced a long purple vibrator and a thick, pale pink dildo. 

"Lets play!" she announced, a naughty twinkle in her eyes.

I looked a her, my eyes wide. "That looks a little big..." I said quietly, referring to the bulky 8inch dildo. 

"We'll start with this and see how you get on." She reassured me, putting the silicone cock on the bed and switching the vibrator on. 

I spread my legs and she looked down, licking her lips. She ran the vibrator lightly over my wet lips before parting them slightly. She slid the vibrator across my pussy, working her way down to my ass. I moaned and squirmed, desperate for my release. 

She toyed with my clit, the powerful vibrations reverberating through my body. She slipped the slim vibrator inside me and started moving it around. I begged for her to make me cum but just winked and pulled it out of me. 

I looked down at her, staring into her eyes as she turned the vibrator off and licked it clean. She pushed it as far as she could into her mouth before withdrawing. She kneeled up so I could see her perfectly bald pussy again. She turned the vibrator back on and rubbed it against her pussy. I watched her as slid the vibrator inside herself, moaning as her pussy clamped around it. 

She settled back down and her attention returned to my drenched slit. She picked up the dildo again, spitting on it and rubbing it. 

She rubbed it against me, preparing me for what was coming next. She was smiling and quivering, no doubt a result of the vibrator inside her. 

She pushed the pale pink cock against me, my tight pussy stretching a little alreasy. She used her other hand to tease my clit, distracting me from the pain as she pushed it further into me. 

I gasped and cried out as she inserted it fully. 

"Was that so bad?" she purred.

I felt so full! I'd never take a cock this big, real or fake!

I shook my head, my pussy stretched over the dildo. I was enjoying this feeling a lot. 

She knelt up again and the vibrator slipped out of her, she picked it up and thrust it towards my mouth. I opened my mouth and licked it all over.

She then proceeded to rub the vibrator lightly on my clit, the thick pink mass still filling my pussy. 

I came quickly as she held the vibrator to my clit. Intense pleasure rolling through me in waves. I felt the cum flowing out of me, obstructed slightly by the cock inside me. 

I was breathless and moaning as pulled it out of me, my pussy making a slight sucking sound. She turned the vibrator off again and set it down.

I sat up, smiling again. 

"Mmmm, you were right, that wasn't so bad." I smirked. 

"Told you so!" she teased. 

"I think its my turn on you now... Get on your hands and knees."

She did as I said, turning around, her ass bared to me. 

I massaged her cute little ass, roughly, before spreading her cheeks and burying my head between her again. 

She was dripping again, I licked up her slit to her asshole, tasting her delicious wetness. 

I tongued her asshole, her moaning only encouraging me. I grabbed the vibrator and turned it on, pushing it against her tight ass, plunging my finger into her pussy at the same time. 

"Ohhh Izzy!" she squeaked.

I slipped the toy into her pussy and pushed my thumb against her ass, pushing hard on it and I pushed the vibrator in and out of her. 

Cum was dripping out of her and down her legs. I decided she was ready for the dildo inside her. I pulled the vibrator out and set it down. she squealed as i shoved the dildo into her pretty pink pussy. I kept hold of the end of it and pushed it in and out, fucking her with it. 

I kept my thumb on her asshole, rubbing and pushing hard. 

She came hard and fast, cum gushing out of her, running down her legs. He moans didn't fade so I kept going, determined to make her cum again. 

I fucked her faster with the smooth, silicone cock. She was moaning louder and louder, her orgasm building inside of her. 

I snatched the cock out of her as she got closer to the edge. I quickly began rubbing her pussy furiously with my fingers. Her body was trembling and she came again, I watching intently as her sweet juices leaked out of her, creating a wet patch on the bed. 

She slumped down, exhausted. I laid down with her, giving her a moment to recover. 

She turned back over, facing me, grinning. 

"We should do this more often." She remarked.

"I agree... but what about our boyfriends?" I asked.

"They don't need to know." She winked. 

From that day on, almost every time we went out or stayed at each others overnight, we would have a little bit of fun together. It felt so much naughtier not telling out boyfriends. It was our dirty little secret.