 Sam woke up to a text from Holly. "Good morning. Are you ok?" it read.

She texted back, "Hey! I'm fine. Why wouldn't I be?"

"Idk. Didn't know if you'd be freaked out or anything," Holly responded.

Holly didn't have to be at work for a few hours, so Sam invited her over. She wasn't sure Holly would be interested, but she accepted the invitation. "I guess she couldn't say no to another orgasm" thought Sam.

She arrived and the girls headed to the bedroom. Again, Holly didn't seem to be into it, but Sam was going to enjoy what she could.

They lay facing each other, talking, laughing. Sam reached out and caressed Holly's breasts. She could feel Holly's nipples harden through her shirt and bra.

She leaned into Holly and gently kissed her, their lips lightly brushing together. Sam ran her tongue over Holly's lips while she continued fondling her large, sensitive tits. 

Sam pressed her body against Holly's, never breaking the kiss or removing her hand from gently pinching Holly's nipples. She wedged her leg between Holly's legs and pressed against her pussy.

Surprisingly, Holly began to move against Sam's leg. There was a little bit of participation and that spurred Sam on. She dropped her hand and tried to undo Holly's pants, but couldn't get them loose.

Holly rolled over, unbuttoned and pulled down her pants and panties. Sam didn't waste any time and dove in between Holly's legs, spreading her open.

Sam could see Holly's juices already dripping from her hot cunt. Her lips were swollen and her clit was sticking out from under its hood.

"Do you want me to lick you?" Sam asked Holly, lustfully.

"If you want to," answered Holly.

"It would help if you told me what you wanted" Sam told her.

"Honey, just do whatever you want to," Holly shrugged.

"Fine," thought Sam. "I give up. Obviously, she doesn't want to do more than just lie there, so I'll give her whatever I feel like." Sam fought the disappointment.

She leaned in and started placing gentle kisses all around Holly's pussy. She nuzzled the hollows between Holly's legs and her outer lips. Sam reached out and caressed Holly's nipple.

Sam touched the tip of her tongue to Holly's clit and saw her legs twitch. She zeroed in with her lips, wrapping them around the little bud, nibbling gently.

She pulled back and started flicking her tongue all over Holly's dripping pussy. Then she flattened her tongue and licked from bottom to top, lapping up the juices.

She continued licking and sucking for several minutes, then slipped a finger inside of Holly. She felt Holly's pussy clamp onto her finger and her hips thrust towards her.

Sam put another finger in while moving her mouth to Holly's clit. She sucked and fucked her like she was starving and Holly's pussy was the most succulent steak from the finest grill house in Kansas City.

Holly came on Sam's face and hand. She came hard, trying to push Sam away, but Sam couldn't stop. She had to have more. 

Sam was in a zone. She didn't notice anything except Holly's pussy. How her fingers, lips and tongue slid through the juices running down Holly's lips. How her clit tried to hide in its hood, but started to swell again with the tiny flicks of Sam's tongue.

"I have to be at work in twenty minutes," Holly panted as she started to sit up.

"That's plenty of time," Sam giggled.

Holly fell back onto the pillows and Sam continued her ministrations. She pumped her fingers in and out of Holly's wet hole, scissoring her fingers inside.

She sucked on Holly's flushed, swollen lips, grazing them with her teeth. Then she sucked Holly's throbbing clit between her lips.

Sam increased suction and teased Holly's clit with her tongue, increasing pressure on its base with her lips. Holly was so close.

Holly wrapped her fingers in Sam's hair and pulled her face against her. Sam put a third finger into Holly and pumped her hard. Holly's legs started to close around Sam's head.

Sam sucked Holly's clit and fucked her as hard as she could. She pulled her left hand from around Holly's leg and found her nipple, pinching it.

"Oh fuck," gasped Holly, as she came.

Sam held her fingers still and kissed Holly's mound. Her face was soaked so she wiped it on the sheet. She helped Holly sit up and swing her legs over the side of the bed.

Holly shakily got dressed then stumbled to the bathroom. Sam dressed and waited on her.

"I can't pee," called Holly through the door. "My muscles are still too clinched." It took a couple of minutes for her muscles to relax enough to let her go. Sam just laughed, not understanding.

Sam walked Holly to the door and kissed her goodbye. Later, the girls went out to lunch. This became a regular routine for them. Even once Sam's family returned from their vacation, Sam would eat Holly for breakfast, bringing her to three or four orgasms before work, and then they'd find some real food for lunch.

Whenever they were together, Sam couldn't keep her hands off of Holly. She loved the way Holly's body responded to her touch. Just a breath on Holly's neck would have her nipples hard and pussy wet.

While they were in the car, they held hands or ran hands over thighs. They went on dates, and Sam was happy. She wanted to please Holly every chance she had. Holly invited Sam to go to events out of town with her. The wall Sam had built around her heart started to slowly crumble.

One of their daytrips was to a softball tournament. Sam loved softball and the fact that she could watch Holly play and think dirty thoughts about her was perfect. They spent most of the day at the tournament. Between games, they walked around the park or watched the other teams play. Or they'd sit close together on Sam's tailgate.

They talked and laughed all day. Even when Holly's team was playing and she was in the dugout, they'd text and make each other laugh. After their last game, they stopped for dinner and had a few beers.

When they got closer to home, neither was ready to call it a day. They stopped at a QuickShop and picked up a six pack and headed towards the river. After about an hour of driving around, Sam spotted the perfect place.

She backed her truck into a spot that was right on the river. There was a huge fallen tree perpendicular to the truck and Sam back right up to it. They got out and dropped the tailgate.

The tree was a perfect place to rest their feet as they sat there, drinking beer and laughing. It clouded up and drizzled off and on. After a few drinks, Sam felt adventurous.

She hopped off the tailgate and moved to stand between Holly's knees. She leaned in and kissed her hungrily. Holly's lips were so soft and Sam couldn't get enough. Her hands started roaming over Holly's body.

"Honey, I'm all sweaty and need a shower. You don't want to mess with this mess," said Holly.

Sam didn't respond. Instead, she worked her hand up the loose leg of Holly's shorts and massaged her mound while kissing her. Holly's legs loosened and opened more, allowing Sam's finger to slip under her panties and into her slit.

That most addictive feeling. That most powerful aphrodisiac. That first touch of Sam's finger on Holly's hot, wet cunt as she slipped her finger between the swollen lips. She'd never be able to explain it, how or why that first touch was always the most erotic feeling she'd ever experienced.

She was able to turn somebody on THAT much. She had the power to make another person's body react in the most animalistic way possible. That feeling, as her finger was enveloped in heat and wetness, was like electricity running from her fingertip directly to her clit.

"Oh god," Sam moaned into Holly's mouth, as her fingers slid over the dripping pussy. Sam's legs clinched together, putting pressure on her own pussy. She ran her hand down, over Holly's clit, and dipped her fingers inside of her, then pulled her hand back up and over her pulsing clit.

She rubbed and fingered Holly for a while, working her into a heated passion. Over the last month, Holly had started to respond more openly to Sam's lustful pleasuring. Holly grasped Sam close as Sam built the intensity.

But Sam needed more. She pulled Holly's pants and panties down as Holly lifted her ass off the tailgate and scooted forward. The drizzle had made the temperature drop, but neither girl noticed.

Sam sat on the fallen tree and leaned forward, burying her face between Holly's legs. Holly leaned back against the tonneau cover and opened herself for Sam. She lifted one foot, resting it on Sam's back and pulling her closer.

They were outside, by a rain-swollen river, with a barge slowly making its way past them. The danger of being caught only heightened the passion between the girls.

Opting to bring Holly to climax as quickly as possible, Sam didn't bother with foreplay. Holly was already turned on and dripping. Sam attached her lips to Holly's clit and sucked it hard. She shoved three fingers into Holly's open cunt and fucked her as deeply as she could.

"Oh. Oh! Yes!" The situation was affecting Holly as much as it was Sam. "Fuck! I'm gonna cum," exclaimed Holly, panting and clutching Sam's head with one hand. With the other, she grabbed her tit and squeezed her nipple.

Sam worked Holly's pussy. The combination of her mouth watering, Holly's pussy dripping and the drizzle falling on them, made Sam swallow several times. But she didn't stop and Holly came with a yell.

Holly pulled Sam up and kissed her hard. She shoved her hand into Sam's pants and under her panties. She fingered Sam until Sam's knees began to shake.

"Take them off and get up here," Holly instructed Sam.

Sam dropped her pants and panties and stepped out of them and then she climbed onto the tailgate. Holly had gotten down and moved between Sam's legs as soon as she was settled.

She wrapped an arm around Sam and pulled her into a passionate kiss. She started frigging Sam's clit, fast and hard. Sam was dripping wet and wanted to give Holly everything she had.

Holly pushed Sam back and Sam laid back, under the cover. Holly went down on Sam for the first time since their first time together. Sam writhed on the truckbed. She opened herself for Holly.

Sam was so close. She could feel her orgasm building. Her senses were heightened. She could smell the damp moss surrounding them in the woods, the smell of the river, and the smell of their pussies. She could feel the cold of the rain that was now coming down.

Her legs trembled with every suck and lick of Holly's mouth. Her nipples were painfully hard. Her breathing was fast and shallow. She moaned. And then she lost it. Her pussy shut off and the thought of an orgasm vanished.

"Baby, stop," she called to Holly. "I lost it. I can't. I'm broken."

Holly came back up to her, helping her sit up. She pulled her close and held her. "You're not broken," she whispered. A sob escaped Sam's lips.

Holly began to caress Sam and kiss her gently. She kissed her neck, letting her breath heat Sam's cold skin. She reached between them and softly stroked Sam's pussy.

Sam buried her head into the crook of Holly's shoulder and forced herself to relax. She felt the heat start to build in her pussy again. She kissed Holly's neck, knowing how much that turned her on.

Holly took the cue and began rubbing Sam faster and with more pressure. And she held Sam tightly to her as she worked her up. Sam's body began to tense as she held onto Holly.

She reached one hand down between them, needing to touch Holly and feel her.

"No. This is all about you," Holly whispered in her ear.

"I need to touch you. It's knowing how wet I make you that gets me hot," Sam pleaded. "Let me in, Holly."

Holly loosened her hold on Sam just enough for Sam to reach between them. When Sam's fingers found Holly's pussy dripping, Sam moaned loudly, causing Holly to rub her harder.

Sam's fingers echoed Holly's movements, their orgasms building together. Holly came first, her fingers faltering for only a moment. "Oh baby, cum with me," Holly breathed out.

Sam exploded, her fingers still buried inside of Holly. She clutched at Holly, riding the waves of her first orgasm by someone else in over twenty years. And Holly held her tightly.

As her body began to relax, Sam wrapped both arms around Holly and let her emotions go. She was able to hide her crying until she had to sniff or make a mess on Holly's shoulder.

"Are you okay?" Holly asked worriedly.

"Yeah. I'm okay," Sam whispered. "Just... just let me get it out." And Holly held her while she cried, until both girls realized they were rain soaked and freezing. 

"Come on, let's get in the truck," Holly suggested. They gathered their clothes and found a towel in the back seat. After drying off as much as possible, they got into the truck and turned on the heat.

They'd lost track of the time and it was past time to head home. Before they had gotten very far down the road, Sam felt the urge to touch Holly again. She started rubbing Holly's thigh, going higher and under the leg of her shorts.

When Holly spread her legs and Sam found that she'd left her panties off, she moaned. "How am I supposed to drive with you like that?" she asked Holly.

"Very carefully," Holly grinned.

Sam stretched her arm as far as she could and told Holly to turn slightly, to give her better access and still be able to drive. And for the next thirty minutes, Sam fingered Holly to another climax as they slowly made their way home.

Another routine was born. Anytime that Sam drove, she would finger Holly to climax. She couldn't get enough of Holly and of making her cum.