 Author's note: I hope you've enjoyed the series thus far. Since these chapters were not part of my original story arc, I labored over how to bridge the gap between these chapters and the ones that are already outlined. Hope you like it. Your feedback is always welcome and thanks for reading.

Part 1 - Introductions

On her way back from the post office, Jessica wondered what her mother's reaction would be to the DVD she had sent. Would she immediately drive up to the college and take her to task or (and Jessica thought this was more probable) would she end up not saying anything because she secretly enjoyed it.

Jessica made her way to her room and opened the door. A girl was making the bed on the opposite side of the room where Jessica had set up her belongings.

"Hey," Jessica said, "You must be my roommate."

Startled, the girl turned around. "Oh, I'm sorry. Is it all right that I took this side? It looked like you took that one."

Jessica smiled at the obviously shy girl. "Of course, don't be silly. I'm Jessica."

The girl pushed her thinly rimmed glasses up the bridge of her small, pointed nose. "Yun Hee. Most people call me Yun."

Jessica walked over to the petite Asian and extended her hand. "Nice to meet you Yun."

The girl loosely took Jessica's hand. "Nice to meet you."

The girl quickly turned around and continued making her bed. Most of her boxes were already unpacked and flattened out to throw in the dumpster. Jessica smirked at the socially awkward girl the powers that be decided to room with a scholarship athlete. Always popular wherever she'd been but never the bitch that some in her circles were, Jessica shrugged to herself and sat on her unmade bed. "So, where are you from?" Jessica asked.

The girl turned around. "Um, Boston. My family's from Korea - Seoul, Korea; I'm second generation American." She then just as quickly turned to begin putting her clothes away in her closet. "I'm from San Mateo; it's south of the city. Hey, it's almost time for dinner," Jessica said as she stood. "Do you want to get something to eat?"

Yun looked at Jessica and gave a big, toothy smile. "Okay."

The two girls walked across campus to the college cafeteria. Jessica towered over her roommate, whose small frame only came up to her shoulders. "So," Jessica said, trying to start a conversation, "what are you going to major in?"

"Computer engineering," Yun said.

"Cool," Jessica replied, "I'm a business and marketing major. Plus I came here to play on the volleyball team."

Yun and Jessica had a mostly silent dinner with Jessica trying to engage her in conversation. Jessica felt bad for her. She seemed like a nice girl; she was just socially inept.

The next morning, Jessica awoke first. After taking a shower down the hall in the floor's restroom, she came back to the dorm room to see Yun getting out of bed. "Good morning," Jessica said, smiling.

Yun reached over to her nightstand, put on her glasses, and looked at Jessica. "Good morning."

Jessica unlaced her robe and put on a pair of panties. She then slipped off her robe and started drying her hair. Yun sat on her bed, embarrassed seeing someone she had just met naked in front of her. She quickly put on her robe and went to the bathroom. When she returned, Jessica was still undressed, only wearing panties and a bra as she ironed a blouse.

"Hey," Jessica said, "Do you want to go to breakfast when you're ready?"

Yun pulled out some clothes from her drawers and with her robe still cinched tightly around her waist and her back to Jessica, put on her panties and said, "Okay."

With a speed that impressed and amused Jessica, Yun untied her robe, put on a bra, slipped on a pair of wide-legged khakis that hid her figure, and threw on a blouse that seemed a size too big. She quickly dried her shoulder-length black hair and sat at her desk as Jessica dressed.

Over the next couple of weeks, a similar ritual played itself out each morning and night. Jessica nonchalantly getting dressed or undressed as her roommate barely showed an ankle. Finally, after the second week of classes, Jessica looked over at Yun who had her back to her as she quickly changed for bed. "Yun," Jessica said, "are you okay?"

"Yes, why?" Yun replied as she deftly took off her bra and threw on a t-shirt.

"I feel like I make you uncomfortable sometimes," Jessica said. "Are you embarrassed changing in front of me? There's no need to be, you know."

Yun quickly put on her pajama bottoms. "I...I've never been naked in front of anyone before." She sat on her bed facing Jessica, but looked at the floor.

"You've never had a boyfriend?" Jessica asked.

Yun looked up at Jessica and then back down at the floor. "I had one my senior year...but, we...he never -- " Her voice trailed off.

Jessica now understood. "You've never," she looked for the right words, "been with anyone."

Jessica could see Yun's light skin turn a shade of red. She quickly shook her head. Jessica stood, walked over, and sat down next to her. "It's all right; you don't have to be embarrassed. First of all, there are no guys in here. Second of all, from what little I've seen, you have nothing to be embarrassed about. You're a cute girl; you should be confident in how you look."

Yun's spectacled eyes turned up to look at Jessica. "But, you look like a model and I almost look like a boy compared to you."

"You do not have a boy's body," Jessica began, "it's just different from mine, that's all."

"No," Yun insisted, "You're beautiful and I'm plain looking."

"I guarantee you," Jessica said, "if you would stop wearing five layers of clothes that cover up your body and gain some confidence in how you look, guys would think you're pretty too. Tell me what you don't like."

"I'm too skinny...my breasts are small...I have to wear glasses." Yun was about to continue when Jessica intervened.

"Okay, I don't think I've ever heard a guy say about a girl 'she's too thin.' Too fat, yes; too, thin, no." Jessica placed her hands on the bottom edge of Yun's shirt. "May I?" After some hesitation, Yun relented and Jessica lifted it from her body. Seeing her roommate's breasts for the first time, Jessica smiled at Yun. "You have very nice breasts. What are they, 34B?" Yun nodded. "With you're cute body, milky, white complexion, and dark hair you will be just fine. Trust me. Why don't we go shopping tomorrow; I'll help you pick some things out. What do you say?"

Yun looked at Jessica. "You would do that for me?"

"Yeah, it'll be fun. We'll get some clothes that compliment your body and just like that you'll be beating guys off with a stick. Let's get to bed, we have some shopping to do tomorrow."

The next night, after several hours of pulling teeth, Jessica was able to convince her roommate to purchase a few items. They returned to their dorm room with a couple bags of clothes. Jessica helped her pick out a pair of jeans, two skirts, and a couple of tops.

Jessica had Yun try on the low-rise jeans that flared at the bottom and the red v-neck top that Jessica had purchased for her in spite of Yun's protests. They stood in front of the mirror. "See how the jeans show off your small waist and give you a curvy look, and the top adds a little oomph to your figure," Jessica said as she took hold of Yun's shoulders and turned her around. "And look at that butt. See what happens when you wear jeans that actually fit?"

"It feels weird," Yun said, looking up into Jessica's smiling eyes. 

"You'll get used to it," Jessica replied. Yun looked again in the mirror and had to admit to herself that she looked better.

Jessica stood behind her new student and put her hands on Yun's hips. "Look at how good you look. We haven't even touched your hair or put on makeup and you're already a hot, little thing.

"Do you really think I'm pretty?" Yun asked into the mirror.

Jessica moved in closer behind her roommate; she could smell the scent of her shampoo. Jessica's hand slid down the smooth skin of Yun's arm. She took a step back and said, "Yes, Yun. You are very pretty."

* * * *

That Sunday night, while she and Yun were at their desks doing homework, Jessica's phone rang. She looked at the caller ID and her heart skipped a beat; it was her brother. "Hey there," Jessica answered the phone, "how's college treating you so far?"

Yun looked over at Jessica who got up and walked out the door. After about fifteen minutes, Jessica returned, the phone still up to her ear. "I've got to go, baby. I'll call you sometime this week. Bye." She put down the phone and sat at her desk. Yun could hear an audible sigh come out of Jessica's mouth.

"Was that your boyfriend?" Yun asked, swiveling in her chair to face Jessica.

Jessica forced a small laugh, "No, no. That was my brother. He's a freshman at Sonoma State."

"Oh," was all Yun could say as she thought it was strange for her to call her brother 'baby.' Feeling a little awkward, Yun turned around and went back to typing out her homework.

That night, Yun was stirred from her sleep by a noise. Without moving, she opened her eyes and looked across the room. She could see Jessica lying in her bed, her body reflecting the soft moonlight coming through the window. Jessica's large breasts were exposed above the fold of the sheets, the silhouette of her erect nipples clearly visible. Yun's gaze made it's way down her roommate's body; Jessica's legs were spread wide, her knees up off the bed at a 45-degree angle. Her arm moved slowly under the sheets; her mouth was open and she occasionally let out a soft moan. Yun blushed and her heart pounded as she realized what Jessica was doing. She wanted desperately to roll onto her other side and face the wall, giving her privacy. She couldn't. If she moved, Jessica might catch her watching; if she turned away, she wouldn't be able to see what was going to happen next.

Jessica moved her lips, but Yun couldn't hear what she was saying. She looked down at Jessica's hand as it moved in a short, circular motion under the covers. Yun's eyes widened in disbelief as Jessica arched her back and lifted her body off the bed. She could hear Jessica saying something over and over. Her voice grew just above a whisper and Yun finally made out what she was saying.

"Fuck me, Dan. Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me." Jessica picked up the pace as Yun laid still, her head pressed against her pillow. "Oh my God, Dan. I'm going to come."

Yun's hand covered her mouth as Jessica whimpered, bit her lower lip, and trembled under the thin sheets that draped over her voluptuous body. After a few moments, Jessica rested her body back on the bed and let out a soft sigh. Seemingly satisfied, she turned to face Yun who froze, her eyes still open. Can she see me, Yun thought, as she quickly clamped her eyes shut without making a move.

Jessica turned over to go to sleep, her body still coming down from a wonderful orgasm. She looked over at Yun, wondering if she had awakened her. As she was about to shut her eyes, she could have sworn that she saw her roommate looking at her. She smiled slightly and went to sleep.

* * * *

The next day, Jessica went to the nearby mall and picked up a few clothing items for Yun. After having dinner with one of her freshman volleyball teammates, Cindy and going to a study group, Jessica went back to the dorm where she found Yun at her computer.

"Hey, how was your day?" Jessica asked, standing by her closet.

Yun looked over at Jessica. "It was okay. I had a couple classes and a computer lab. How was yours?"

"It was good. I just came back from a study group. I got something for you today," Jessica said with a smile.

"Jessica, you already bought me a blouse. You shouldn't have gotten me something else." Yun looked down in embarrassment from her roommate's generosity.

"Well, we got you a few nice pieces of clothing, but nothing to wear under them. I just wanted to complete your look. Come here and at least try them on." 

Jessica grabbed a bag from her closet and pulled out a pair of black lace panties and a matching bra.

"I don't know," Yun started, looking apprehensive. "It's not my style."

Jessica looked at her and placed her hand on her shoulder. "Sweetie, no offense, but you didn't really have a style until the other day. Just try them on and give it a chance."

Yun hesitated. She didn't want to shun the gifts Jessica had so generously bought for her, but she was uncomfortable wearing such provocative underwear. She decided to give it a try and unbuttoned the jeans she had bought the other day and slid them down her thin legs. She took the panties from Jessica's hand, slid her own off, and quickly put on the new ones. They felt strange as they only partially covered her butt, her small cheeks peeking out from the lace fringe.

Jessica, who was standing behind Yun, handed her the bra as Yun pulled off her shirt and unhooked the one she was wearing. Looking in the mirror, Jessica noticed how hard Yun's nipples were, as they stood erect from her small but nicely shaped breasts. Yun put on the bra and looked into the mirror.

Before Yun could say something negative, Jessica said, "You look hot."

Yun shook her head. "I look silly."

Jessica looked into the girl's eyes through the mirror. "Look at how the bra makes your breasts look and do I really need to say anything about this ass?" Jessica spun Yun around and nudged her head to look over her shoulder and in the mirror. "Look at how good it looks. Whether you believe it or not, I'm telling you, you look good. I wouldn't say it if it wasn't true."

Yun looked again in the mirror, this time with in open mind. She allowed herself to feel the lace against her skin; she could see her nipples pressing against the sheer fabric of the bra; she looked at her small, tight butt framed wonderfully by the panties. She looked at Jessica. "Thank you for doing this for me. I don't know why you care."

Jessica reached out to Yun and placed her hand softly on her cheek. "I care because you're my friend." She waited a second and added in a lighter, more playful voice, "Plus, I've always thought Asian chicks were hot and now I live with one."

Yun smiled nervously. What did she mean by that, she thought. "I've got to get ready for bed," Yun said.

"Yeah," replied Jessica. "Me too."

Part 2 - Seduction

A couple of nights later, Jessica called her brother as promised. It was 8:30 and Yun was at the library. They talked about their classes and their roommates. Jessica mentioned the cute Asian she roomed with and told Dan she was a virgin. "I'd love to watch you take her virginity. Wait till you see her, Dan. She's so petite; her pussy must be incredibly tight. Would you like to take her while I watch?"

"If it would make you happy, sis," Dan replied, "I'd fuck her for you."

Jessica smiled as she held the phone. "You're such a good brother."

Dan said he had to go to work on a paper that was due and they said their goodbyes. Jessica put down the phone and sat on her bed with her back to the wall. She fantasized about stripping off her roommate's clothes as she lifted off her own shirt. She thought about the taste of a virgin pussy on her tongue as she slid off her jeans and panties. She pictured herself sucking on Yun's little clit as she unhooked her bra and tossed it to the side. Jessica closed her eyes and lowered her hand to her glistening pussy. She pictured her roommate's small hand wrapped around her brother's cock and began to rub her clit. She wondered how much of Dan's large cock Yun could take in her little hole as she slipped a finger in her mouth and then between her pussy lips. She could feel herself drifting, the sensation of her fingers on her sex taking her further and further from her surroundings. It was at that point that she heard a key in the lock.

Yun turned the key and opened the door. As she walked over the threshold she froze. She wasn't sure whether to leave or go in; instead, she stood still, unable to shield her eyes and unable to move. Jessica was on her bed facing her. She was naked and her legs were spread wide open, her fingers rubbing her pussy.

Jessica opened her eyes and fixed them on Yun's. "Close the door, Yun; I don't want to put on a show for anyone who might pass by."

Yun quickly shut the door and pressed her back against it, confused, her skin turning a bright red. "I'm sorry, Jessica. I didn't know you were busy. I'll go back to the library."

Jessica quickly replied, "No, it's okay." She grabbed her panties and put them on. "I obviously thought you'd be gone a little longer," she said smiling, trying to put Yun at ease.

Yun slowly walked to her bed and sat on its edge. After a few moments of silence Yun looked up. "Jessica?" she started, then closed her mouth.

Jessica moved to the edge of her bed. "What is it?"

"Nothing," Yun said as she got up and quickly stripped off her clothes and changed into a t-shit and her pajama bottoms. She sat back down on her bed, looking at the floor.

"Go ahead," Jessica said. "What do you want to ask me?"

"I...do you do that a lot?" Yun finally got her question out.

"Masturbate?" Jessica asked. Yun blushed at the sound of the word. "Yes," she said, still not looking into Jessica's eyes.

"It depends," Jessica began. "When I feel horny or I feel the need for a release I do. If you don't mind me asking, don't you?"

Yun felt uncomfortable answering Jessica's question and self-conscious about her answer. She shifted in her seat. "Only a couple of times. I was taught it was wrong, but I did it a couple of times anyway. I only did it for a few minutes and stopped because I felt guilty." Yun took off her glasses and covered her face with her hands.

Jessica got up from her bed and sat next to her. She placed a reassuring arm around the girl and said, "There's nothing wrong with it. I guarantee you everyone does it. It's completely natural and actually healthy."

The girl looked into Jessica's eyes. "It is?" she asked, confused and a little relieved.

"Of course. You're not a little girl; you are a young woman with needs. When you feel the need for sexual pleasure, you shouldn't bottle it up. You should embrace it and enjoy it. If you're not ready to have sex with a guy, why should you deny yourself the pleasure you can get simply by touching yourself. You're not hurting anyone and you certainly won't regret having orgasms."

Yun's eyes stared at her roommate as she tried to take in what she was saying.

Jessica continued, "Have you ever had an orgasm?"

Yun shook her head.

"If you want," Jessica said, "I could show you how to do it. I promise, once you feel what it's like, you'll be touching yourself every chance you get." Jessica smiled at her little joke. Yun nervously smiled back. She wasn't sure what to say to such an offer. She was completely at a loss. 

Jessica saw the conflicted look on her roommate's face and said, "I'll guide you and show you what to do, Yun. If anything makes you uncomfortable, just tell me to stop and I'll stop, okay?" Yun pondered Jessica's question, and after what seemed like five minutes to Jessica, she tentatively nodded her consent.

"Okay," Jessica said. She got up and turned on her reading light and then turned off the overhead light so that there was just enough illumination. Jessica moved to Yun's bed, still wearing only her panties, her breasts bouncing with each step. She climbed on the bed, propped up a pillow against the headboard, and sat back. "Now, come here and lean back against me." 

Yun followed Jessica directions and sat between Jessica spread legs, her back pressed against Jessica's bare chest. The feeling of the fabric of Yun's shirt rubbing against her breasts sent little shocks of electricity through Jessica's body.

