 Even before landing upon the bed Pam's emotions overwhelmed her. She was angry. She felt violated and that a trust had been betrayed. She was also bewildered as to why there was an initial excitement before her anger surfaced. She was angry at Betty but more so at herself for not securing a copies of the photos. 

She had conflicting feelings. She felt some revolt and hatred for the betrayal for the act. Yet, she loved Betty as a friend and now as a close family member. 

She also was disturbed for again a little excitement growing as she calmed knowing that her sister-in-law had fantasies about her. It was akin the feelings when as a teen her body was well along in its development and she noticed men turning to look at her as she walked past. Then her heart fluttered with giddiness as being viewed by handsome men as attractive.

Over the years, like many young women, Pam accepted and lived with the fact that there would be men, both friends and strangers, who would look at her with lust and undress her with their eyes. She no longer noticed it. Intellectually she knew that there were women who were intimate with other women, but until that afternoon, other than a passing idle curiosity, such thoughts in that direction never entered her mind. She was not prepared to learn that another woman would ever look at her picture in a lustful manner. The reality had hit her hard in the face. 

When she heard the tap, Pam ignored it because she did not want to talk with Betty. When the louder knock sounded in her ears she could not utter "Enter." Instinctively she knew if they did not talk there would be a tense air hanging over them all as they handed out the gifts in the morning. Yet she remained silent with her head in her pillow crying. 

Betty slipped into the room and was pleased that her brother was not there. She stood there for several long minutes before Pam looked at her. 

When she did look at Betty, Pam informed her that Jeff had fallen asleep on the sofa while she took to long in the bath. As she sat in a small padded chair Betty nodded that she understood. 

There was a deathly silence until Betty offered an apology with tears starting to flow, "Pam I am so so sorry." When Pam went to speak, Betty held up her hand, "Please let me finish. I have betrayed you and our relationship. I wish I could say I don't know why I was doing it but that would be a lie. I know why and the why is not excusable. I have destroyed your respect and trust in me. Knowing that I have hurt you tremendously grieves me. Seeing the anguish on your face cut me and will forever be an open wound in my heart."

Taking a deep breath Betty continued, "I want to ask for your forgiveness and am prepared to do anything to make it up to you. Yet I cannot ask for your forgiveness as I do not deserve it and it would be too soon for you to give it. You have been one of my best friends and I have lost that friendship because of my irrational act and stupidity. I hope that over time we will heal the damage I have caused. And I hope that we will be able to put on a brace face as well all celebrate Christmas together." The more Betty did her mea copa the more the tears flowed. 

That Betty accepted responsibility and looked her in the eyes did not escape Pam's notice. These were not mere words to Betty. They were spoken with all sincerity and contrition. After speaking, Betty took a couple of deep breaths and closed her eyes before she rose to leave.

"Do not go. I have a few things to say too," Pam responded as Betty reached the door. She turned ready to receive what she deserved.

"You are right. I feel that you betrayed me. I am angry. But you are not just my sister-in-law, you are also Royce's godmother. I am not going to entertain the thought that our friendship has ended. My anger is for what you did, not at you....that does not make sense....what I mean is the act more than you personally." 

Betty nodded she understood.

Pam continued, "I expect some boys and men to treat me and other women merely as a sex object, but not another woman, let alone my sister-in-law and friend. I want to find it within my heart to forgive you quickly but to help me to do so I need to understand some things first." 

Betty nodded again in shame before wiping her hand across her face to wipe the tears away. Pam took a box of tissue and held it out to her. Betty gratefully took several tissues.

Taking her by the hand Pam gently commanded, "Sit. He me to understand what happened and why. I confess that I have some curiosities, but those curiosities are not behind my questions. Is that understood? Good. Now tell me when you first started to fantasying about me and what led up to it. Start from the beginning." 

Betty started with the kiss that night with her roommate and the party. Pam listened carefully as she lay upon the bed as her sister-in-law described in rather graphic details what happened at the party. Betty had moved to lay on the bed too as she spoke. As she got to the day after the party, a day that Betty felt was the foundation for what she and Pam did that afternoon, she leaned her head against Pam's chest as she continued. 

-----------------------------------

Betty did not remain through to the end of the party. As she walked back to campus around midnight her feelings and thoughts jumbled together. Wanda's kiss was seductively powerful. Betty would have given herself to Wanda if she but asked. Yet as she walked home her rationale self told her not to go there, it was too much of a big risk. She wanted and needed men, not women. She loved to the hardness of a man in her and the roughness of his body. Yet, there was this curiosity that Wanda further fueled with her comments and kiss. 

Before she entered her dorm room Betty knew that Wanda would not seduce her unless that was something that Betty truly wanted. Wanda did not want a woman who was swept away by emotions only to have regrets. She wanted her lover to be swept away intentional desires. Wanda wanted a willing heart that would not regret making love to another woman. "If I do this", Betty thought, "Wanda is the type of woman I would want to be with." 

Sleep that night was hard pressed and restless when it did occur. One moment she was willing to call Wanda in the morning, the next fear and guilt took hold over what she was wanting. At one moment she was confident that she would not make the call only to have the curiosity and desire stir her interest to make the call. She was only glad about two things, that if she took the step she was not rushing into her first sexual relationship with another woman. And that Kara, her roommate, was not there to witness her restlessness. Just before ten-thirty the next morning, she called Wanda and said she would join her and her friends. Once the call was made sleep called her forth into its peaceful comfort.

Kara did not get to the dorm until well after two o'clock. When she entered the room Kara had a bright smile on her face. Though Betty asked what the smile was about, Kara did not tell her. 

Just before eight that evening Betty walked seven blocks to Wanda's home. They felt it would be much better for her to meet them there than for Wanda to be seen picking her up outside the dorm. When she arrived she found that three women had already arrived. Sitting on a lounge chair sat Andrea a twenty-six year old woman married to a Larry, a MBA student she met the prior evening. Sitting on the sofa dressed in blue jeans and a white cotton blouse was Ellie a mid thirty-something mother of three married to a professor of mathematics. Betty was surprised to see Carol from her dorm floor. Carol was a brilliant freshman who completed high school in three years. This freshman from her dorm six days before celebrated her eighteenth birthday. Carol's was dressed in a white camisole and a tight black skirt that rested between the top of her thighs and knees.

When she noticed a glass of wine in Carol's hands Betty raised her eyebrows. Wanda must have noticed because she quietly told her, "Linda, Carol's mother is a good friend of Ellie. Linda promised that if Carol remained a virgin until she was eighteen and out of high school that she would help introduce her to the joys and pleasures of adulthood. One of those pleasures is a high quality Boudreaux. Later she will have her first Champaign. Tonight and tomorrow, she is being introduced to adulthood by Ellie. Tonight she gets one side of that life and tomorrow afternoon the other."

After the ladies finished their wine, and after Betty had a glass, they headed to a club for the night. All knew that Carol would not be served so she had an extra glass of wine before she left. As Betty expected to be going to a night club she was surprised when they pulled into a nightclub on the edge of an industrial park in the town twenty minutes down the highway. As they walked toward the door Betty noticed a sign that said, "Celebrating the art of the erotic dance." Her heart beat rapidly; they were going into a strip club. As the others entered, she hesitated. Wanda noticed her hesitation and told the others to go ahead.

By the door Wanda and Betty spent ten minutes talking. The talk helped to settle her nerves. While Wanda assured her that the club was not degrading women and that it was female friendly, she also noted that if Betty chose to leave that she would go with her and take her directly back to her dorm. 

Wanda paid their cover charges. About ten feet from the long stage they sat at a small round table beside the one at which the other three women were sitting. The seating area was dimly lit but the stage was well flooded with pink and red lighting. From there Betty watched a woman prancing nude around the stage and teasing the men who were sitting along its edge. Moments later the music ended and the dancer gathered her clothing and exited the stage as another woman moved up the stairs. 

Betty glanced around the club as the music started to play. She estimated there were three dozen or so men. What surprised her was that there were three women with their husbands or boyfriends in the club and two women sitting together on the other side of the stage at a table. As she noticed two men with their wives entered she said to Wanda, "I would never have thought that there would be so many women in a place like this." Wanda said that the tasteful clubs often have women patrons on weekends. With that Betty started to relax.

They watched one dancer after another disrobe over three song sets. Some appeared to be going through the motions but most seemed to be enjoying themselves. The second dancer that Betty watched from the beginning was not only skilled but seductive in her moves. Her smile was bright and she tossed her head and shook her hips with erotic energy. As she danced Wanda who was seated immediately beside her spoke quietly in her ear, "Jillian sure is lovely woman. Look at how sensuous she moves....so erotic and smooth. Hmmm her breasts are so gorgeous and full...and her nipples, ohh so lickable. Her hips are so shapely and her ass firm yet full. And her pussy, so simple and yet so inviting." Betty's eyes followed Jillian upon the stage. 

When Jillian exited a redhead took her place. Wanda continued to comment upon the next four dancers until Ellie noted, "If we are going to get to the tip rail together we better do so over at the second stage before it too fills." Betty followed the four women to the second stage that had opened two dancers ago. Wanda placed a stack of one dollar bills before herself and Betty. Betty described to Pam how she just followed her friend's led in tipping the dancers. Wanda sat to Betty's left and Carol to her right. To the right of Carol sat Ellie then Andrea. During the second dancer Wanda went to the washroom with Ellie. On their way back Betty noticed that they were speaking to Jillian and Madison another dancer. 

Ten minutes later it was announced that Jillian and Madison were both up next on stage two. Both women moved teasingly yet with grace back and forth across the stage slowly disrobing until during by the end of the second song they both only had thongs remaining. As they danced they seemed to make repeated stops near the five ladies who were just beyond the center of the long stage. Twice Jillian's eyes locked upon Betty's. Betty found herself spellbound by Jillian's facial expressions. She found herself carefully following her movements. 

As the third song commenced the two women moved from opposite ends of the stage just as they had done several times before to switch sides. This time they did not pass each other. There just five feet from Betty and Carol the two dancers stopped, looked at each other. Madison's hand moved up to touch and toy momentarily with Jillian's breasts before Madison moved to her knees. As Madison sat upon her knees Jillian removed her G-string revealing to her fellow dancer her pussy. The men were hooting and clapping. Like Carol, Betty fidgeted but continued to allow her eyes feast upon the action before them. 

Then Jillian drew Madison up by taking hold of her breasts. Jillian's faced descended down her friend's body not more than three inches away. As she did so many of the watchers could see Jillian licking her lips. When her face was before Madison's thighs, her hands reached up and slowly drew down her legs the remaining articled of clothing. When the article was removed Jillian licked her lips twice before tossing the G-string to the side where it landed right before Ellie. Again the place was buzzing with excitement as the women moved swiftly around the stage to gather dollars from a dozen of the men. 

Ellie took the item that landed before her and drew it to her face. It appeared to Betty that she smelt its aroma. Her suspicions were confirmed when she held it to Carol's and then Andrea's nose before tossing it over to Wanda who too smelled it. At that moment Madison had moved to stand before Betty. Betty was drawn up to stand before the dancer who drew Betty's face forward into Madison's bosom. Madison made a cooing sound as she placed her breasts on the sides of Betty's face and then withdrawing. Betty could not help tip her several dollar bills.

Before moving on, Madison lay on the dance floor before Carol and Betty. As her legs were splayed wide her finger moved down and then back up her pussy channel. On the return trip she even took hold of her clit and shook it. Betty remained silent as a load "wow" escaped from Carol's lips. All of the ladies again tossed bills to reward Madison for such a display as Madison took her G-string and placed it in Betty's hands but under her nose. 

Within ten seconds of Madison moved on with Betty still holding her G-string. As the music was approaching its conclusion, Jillian moved before Carol. As Carol stood, the dancer's left hand moved down across her thighs to draw Carol's eyes in that direction. Once her eyes were focused where the dancer desired, the five women watched her use two fingers to part her lips to expose the richly pink entrance to her inner sanctum. As the peak of the sanctum closed both of the dancer's hands played with her breasts just a foot away from Carol's face. One hand stopped and moved down to take one of Carol's hands and brought it up near her breast, just an inch away. So close, yet so far. The other hand was soon drawn to join the first. Both Carol's hands were drawn upon the dancer's breasts. Jillian smiled, "As you are doing this to me, the rule says I get to return the favor." 

Before she could think of the meaning of Jillian's statement and as the music finished, Jillian's hands moved swiftly and pulled up Carol's top to expose her young firm breasts. In shock and embarrassed Carol's hands dropped to cover herself. Betty laughed and so did the other ladies. They were laughing harder than the men.

At Wanda's suggestion the ladies made their way to two vacant tables. No sooner had they seated themselves than Jillian and Madison appeared at their table. Jillian took Betty's hand and Madison took Carol's as Jillian announced, "Your friends have bought you two ladies a private dance, come with us." The other ladies nodded, smiled and gave them their encouragement.

Betty and Carol were led past a series of three small alcoves to a larger space just beyond. Each were seated in a single chair side by side but four feet apart. The dancers explained that the rules did not permit men to touch them but that they would move their bodies for an entire song over the bodies of the male patron. Madison then said, "For female patron's we are allowed a little latitude at our discretion on the touching." Looking at her partner she continued, "I am willing to start before the next song if you are." Jillian was ready.

For the next song and a half, Betty received what she never would have dreamed having, a private dance from a female striper. Both dancers slowly disrobed while moving before and over the two ladies. When she was down to her bra and G-string, Jillian sat upon Betty's thighs with her back toward Betty. As Jillian's firm ass wiggled upon Betty, Betty' hands were drawn around and placed upon the dancer's warm soft cloth covered breasts. The dancer guided her to knead them as she leaned back upon her customer to give her a good view over her shoulder. Betty's heart was beating wildly. 

When she glanced over to Carol, she noticed that Madison was astride and facing Carol. The dancer had Carol remove her bra before drawing her face to the breast nearest Betty. All the while Betty kept holding Jillian's breasts.

In short order Jillian invited Betty to free her breasts by removing her bra. With shaking hands and eyes gazing downward at the coming site, Betty did just that. Jillian rose, turned, sat upon Betty and moved a breast toward her mouth. Responding without thinking she licked the nipple. As she tried to suck it into her mouth Jillian leaned away. Jillian teasingly rose again. For the remainder of the song Betty and Carol watched both dancers finished undressing and continue with their erotic tease. 

As the song was concluding, both dancers looked at one another, nodded and then sat upon their respective clients. As they moved upon Carol and Betty's laps, the dancers exposed Carol's and Betty's breasts. Once fully exposed and as the dying measures of the song sounded, the two dancers rubbed their breasts upon the breasts of the two grinning women.

When the song concluded, the dancers swiftly dressed. As they exited, Jillian said with a wink, "You may take a minute or two to get yourself together before joining your friends." Betty needed that moment, her knees were week and she was still aroused by what just took place. With a faraway look upon her face, Carol seemed to be in a worse way. 

Catching her breath, Betty stood with her top still not pulled down. When she reached down to pull Carol up, Carol latched onto one breast and started to suckle it. Betty moaned. Collecting her wits about her Betty took a step away from her eager friend.  

Carol looked Betty in the eyes as she stood. Then she did something that caught Betty off guard. Carol immediately hugged Betty and gave her a long lustful kiss as their bare breasts mashed into each other. When the kiss broke Carol apologized but said she was so charged and just needed to do it. Betty said she understood as they straightened up their respective tops.

When the two ladies returned to their friends, Wanda said, "I think its time to return to my place." There was not disagreement from Carol or Betty. Carol sat in the back between Ellie and Andrea. Betty moved to sit in the passenger seat.

They were barely down the interstate five minutes when Ellie turned Carol's face towards hers and kissed her. The first kiss was short, but a moment later a more lengthy and urgent kiss was being exchanged as Andrea rubbed her hands across Carol's shoulders and back. They kissed for several minutes before Ellie turned Carol's face toward Andrea's. Andrea accepted Carol into her arms as they too exchanged kisses. 
