 Hello lovelies! I just had the most amazing experience & I had to share it with all of you. My pussy is so wet and throbbing right now and I am almost coming already! I just came in from my back yard and put my little remote vibrating dildo inside me so I can type and masturbate at the same time.

Anyway, I have to tell you what happened outside... I am home from college and my parents have a new house. I had just stepped out of the shower and was getting really aroused as I put lotion on my damp body. I joined a Pilates class at college (so I could check out hot women in skimpy clothes bending and stretching and of course in the change room!) and I have actually been getting in really great shape because of it. My ass is so firm and round and my whole body is getting so toned and fit. My C cup tits are so pointy and perky too. I have been so horny just looking at myself lately! 

So I was rubbing my puss a bit to help with the aching I felt. I had the bathroom window open to let out the steam. I looked out to see what the weather was going to be like and I noticed the neighbor. Wow. So HOT. She was out on a chaise in a very tiny bikini that barely covered her nipples and my pussy ached even more. I knew I had to do something about it, soon! I watched her for awhile as she lounged. She's around 30 but she is so hot. My parents told me she was a personal trainer and thought maybe I wanted to continue my exercise program since I was getting in such great shape. They thought she might give me a good deal since they were neighbors. After today I may have to look into that!

As I stood at the window admiring her gorgeous body, I began pulling on my clit. Then I decided I wanted to go further than just masturbating as I looked at her. I wanted to give her a show too. I pulled on this dark blue skort I brought with me. It is super short, but since it has built in shorts underneath the skirt part it is easy to wear. Plus the inside shorts part are tight and when I bend or sit they hit right on my clit. I wore them yesterday without panties on the plane ride down and I wiggled in my seat looking at the flight attendants and I came twice! The crotch was covered in dry cum, streaked white and I just had to put it back on and go outside to do some yard work. ;) 

I put on a tight sheer, low-cut tank top too, with no bra since my tits are so firm now and I wanted her to get aroused looking at me. My parents have a chain link fence in the back since it is a new development and they haven't built a wooden fence yet -- I was so glad. Perfect unblocked view of neighbor and her of me. The sun was at the right angle that she had her lawn chair facing my yard. I got so wet thinking about exposing myself to her. I could feel the wet spot spreading on the dark fabric between my legs. 

I found my mother's hand held gardening tools and went to dig weeds in the raised flower beds. I pretended to pay the neighbor no mind as I set the sprinkle in one area of the lawn and climbed up into the flower bed. I put my sunglasses on to shield my eyes. I didn't want her to notice me checking her out. I went right to business and bent over. I knew my panty-less pussy was on full display and I began to wiggle my ass from side to side as I pretended to be working. After a few minutes I slanted a glance her way and I noticed she had moved her shades down and was peering over them at me. Her legs were now tightly crossed and I knew she was getting horny too. 

By now I am so wet; I can feel a drip run down my thigh. It tickled and made me desperate to rub myself but I couldn't, at least not yet. I stood up and covertly pulled the inside of my skort to one side of my swollen pussy lips so I could show her more. Then I bent over again. There was a light breeze and I felt it on the sticky wetness covering my dripping pussy. I clenched my pussy with excitement and wiggled my ass some more.

I heard a little moan escape her lips next door and I knew I had her full attention. I was getting so turned on and my cunt was throbbing so bad. I looked at my little tank top and my nipples were hard and sticking out like little pebbles in my tight top. I secretly brought one hand up and flicked my left nipple a few times. It was beautiful agony! I decided to go even further with my show. I "let" my left nipple slip out the neckline of my top. Then I pretended not to notice as I walked around the yard, making the pretense of moving the sprinkler. I got another naughty idea then and acted like I was so hot from the sun that I needed to cool down. Well, I was hot, but it wasn't from the sun! Anyway, I cupped my hands under the sprinkler and splashed some water on my arms "accidentally" getting it on my tank top -- oops! Now the sheer fabric is wet and here I am without a bra. Oh my. I walked around the yard so she could get a good look and then as I passed the reflective surface of the patio doors I got a great view of my tits. I might as well have been topless since the outline of my round tits and the full nipple was showing. 

Between this hot woman checking me out and my own sexy reflection I almost couldn't take it anymore. I let my hand rub across my pussy a couple of times, pretending I forgot I wasn't alone outside. I could hear her gasp from where she sat. I peeked at her sideways and to my wonderful surprise, she had turned on her side with her legs bent and her arm between her legs, trying to pretend she wasn't grinding on her wrist with her own dripping puss. 

So I openly admired my reflection in the glass. Grazing my hands along the sides of my tits then flicking each hard nip a thumb. It sent a shock wave straight to my clit! I slipped my hand across my hungry clit another time and when I turned around, she was gone. My heart sank from disappointment but I was still so horny, so I went and soaked myself under the sprinkler full out. I made no secret of rubbing my titties or my pussy since I figured I was alone now.

Then I heard this soft sexy moaning. It was coming from the upstairs window of her house, probably her bedroom, I thought. I glanced up secretly and I could see her at the edge of the window. She thought she was hiding herself but I could tell she was there. Even better, I could see she was moving rhythmically back and forth. She was full out masturbating, watching me! The only thing better would have been to have her sitting on my face so I could suck and tickle her clitty with my tongue! I would love to make her cum all over my pretty face! Her moans got louder and her body was moving faster, I could tell her arm was working furiously at her pussy.

My own puss is dying for some really intense rubbing too and I am almost horny enough to dare to just do it right there in the yard. Then I heard the other neighbor's garage door open. Damn! Someone else was home now and they were friends of my parents so I didn't want them to see me like this. That's when I came inside and decided to share it with you so you can all cum too! I hope you are all as horny as I am right now! I am sitting at my desk with my wet top still on. I put a full length mirror beside me so I can look at my body while I type too. I wish you could see how hard my nipples are and the huge wet spot on my chair where I sit. I NEED another pussy to eat so bad right now! I am wondering if my sexy neighbor has cum all over herself yet... I want to go over there so bad and just ask her if I can taste her pussy. I have tried it before with a girl down the hall in my dorm one night when we had both come home late and drunk and horny. It was the best thing ever and now all I want is pussy! Her and I never talked about what happened but there is this incredible horny tension when we see each other in class or outside our rooms. She had really big titties and this tight little pussy. Mmmm, thinking about it is driving me crazy. I am going to turn the speed up on my vibe and come all over myself because I just can't take it any longer...Oh god, maybe a threesome with her and my neighbor...Oh my gosh you guys, I have to stop typing so I can CUM!!!!

Wow, that was an amazing CUM. I hope you ALL CUM NOW TOO!!! Please of PLEASE tell me if you do! I just love the thought of making you cum.