 "Mr. and Mrs. Parks, please sit down and make yourselves comfortable. I am Aurora Gaines and this must be Chloe!" 

"Thank you, Ms. Gaines," Alice Parks replied evenly, "it's so nice to meet you, I feel that I already know you, after all of the phone calls and letters." 

"I quite agree." Aurora replied, "I think that you've made a very wise decision to enroll Chloe in our facility.

"It's more like a prison!" Chloe snorted while sitting sullenly in her chair, and whined, "and I'm gonna 'hate' it here." 

"Chloe," Mark chided, "that's no way to talk, apologize this instant." There was a tense silence while Chloe ignored her father's reprisal.

Aurora Gaines got her off the hook by interjecting, "Don't worry, folks, most of our students start out feeling exactly the way Chloe does, they eventually come around! As I understand it from your letters you adopted Chloe when she was seven." 

"I hope so." Alice Parks snapped after giving Chloe a sharp look, and then her voice softened. "She was just left on a buss. I hope that you can do something with her, we certainly couldn't! We think she graduated from High School either by luck or showing off. Her grades weren't the highest. Even though she has been expelled from college we want her to feel like she has a home."

"We thought Chloe would grow out of this; that it was just a phase, or a reaction to something from the past." Mark chimed in and with a look of concern he added, "I'm afraid she will flash the totally wrong person and...I don't want to speculate on the possible out comes."

Aurora turned her attention directly to Chloe and asked, "So, your problem is exposing your private parts to anybody, and everybody, around. Right?"

"It's not a problem," she snapped as her face flashed beet red. She fidgeted in her seat and her face softened as she replied softly, "Y-yes it is, and I just don't want to help myself! I love my pussy and I love flashing it. I want people to look and see how beautiful she is."

"Let me ask you another question." Aurora posed softly, "Do you have the urge to show me... your vagina at this moment?" 

After a glance around the room Chloe answered in a hushed tone, "Yes, I just want to lift my dress and pull my panties to the side and let you have a nice long look at my beautiful smooth pussy!"

"Chloe!" her mother gasped in exasperation. 

Aurora raised her hand to silence the outburst and went on, "That's okay, honey, around here we almost always refer to the girls genitals as pussies, vaginas, or even home plate, what ever we feel like using at the time. We discourage using the derogatory terms such as cunt or gash. Of course with the boys we use cock, dick, penis, or bat even tool and rod or meat. It seems that the negative terms are not as numerous for men. Again it's what ever we feel comfortable with."

"I like the sound of the word pussy." Chloe said while triumphantly glancing over at Alice.

"Well, then that's what we'll call yours." Aurora replied gently, "Now let me see your...pussy... Please!"

Chloe sat there immobile for a second or two before asking softly, "You-you really want me to show it to you?"

"Yes I do." Aurora assured.

"You'll really look?" Chloe blushingly said.

"Are you afraid? Just do it!" Aurora dared and prodded.

"Afraid! You've got to be kidding," Alice replied testily recounting, "She flashed her vagina to the preacher for gosh sakes, afraid she is not! We want her to be sexually happy, and active and all, but discrete."

"Yes we want her to play the field as it were, but be safe, and discrete." Mark chimed in, adding "Not in the church or on the street or to every one on campus!"

"Well. Are you afraid?" Aurora repeated to Chloe.

"No, I'm not." The young girl replied, "I just wanted to make sure that you weren't tricking me or something, that's all."

"Well, I'm not, trust me." She replied then ordered, "'Now...!' Please, show me."

"What about Mom?" Chloe asked hesitantly.

"Well Ms. Parks?" Aurora posed.

"Oh go ahead honey; it's OK. Show Ms. Gains, expose your self" Alice eased with some what of an embarrassed looking smile.

Proudly the teenager stood up, and lifted her skirt and pulled her white panties aside to reveal a smooth vagina with meaty lips dangling past her downy dark curly hair, and a long pointy pink bud of a clitoris, sticking straight out surrounded by a thick meaty clitoral hood.

"How does it feel exposing yourself to me?" Aurora asked softly adding, "Take your panties all the way off, I want a good look. That's a good girl, come closer and hand them to me." 

"I-I I'm getting hot." She stammered, and unsteadily stepped closer handing Aurora her white panties, fidgeting as she confessed, "I'm really turned on by this. I never thought of showing my pussy to a woman older than my Mom!"

"Chloe!" Alice barked.

"That is quite alright Alice. I 'am' older than you." Aurora warmly agreed. Then Aurora turned her attention to Chloe noting, "You have a shinny wet spot right here." As she opened the crotch of Chloe's panties exposing a very shinny wet spot then took a healthy sniff, smiled and asked, "What's your biggest fantasy when you show your pussy?"

"That who ever I'm exposing my pussy to will want to suck it, and make me cum. I think about having fingers inside my pussy all the time." she answered honestly.

"You mean you'd like that person to drop to their knees and tongue, or finger your little pussy until you cum on their face or hand?" she asked softly.

"Oh yes. Both I want them to do both." Chloe gasped, in quickening breaths then she squatted and ordered, "J-just look at my lips, they're bulging! I'm getting really wet! It's dripping. See?" 

"Yes I do. You want them to make you cum, and cum and cum right?" Aurora purred cajolingly.

"Yes-yes I really do. No one has done it long enough to get me off!" Chloe whined in disappointment. 

"Have either of you ever taken the time to see how aroused Chloe can get? Look! You can actually see her labia puffing up. Do you see how red, swollen, and wet her privates have become?" Aurora asked Alice and Mark, "I think from just looking at her you can see that she has a very special problem and needs very special attentions, ministrations that can be given to her here."

"We can see that now." Alice replied, "we hope you can break her from being so indiscriminate, and channel that energy safely!"

"Yes we are very open-minded about sex, but private." Mark admitted, "Does that sound inconsistent?"

"No not at all!" Aurora assured Mark.

"Can you help her to be safe, discrete, and still satisfy her needs at the same time?" asked Alice.

"Well we're going to try." Aurora replied gently, "In many cases all we can hope to do is help them learn to control their urges by directing their energy. We'll cross all the bridges when we come to them. As for right now, come closer Chloe, you are about to have a dream realized!"

Both Alice and Mark sat there in stunned silence, while Aurora pulled their Chloe closer to her. She fondled Chloe's wet, dilated vagina with the fingers of one hand, while caressing her sweet bottom with the other. Kissing her belly button, she cooed, "Oh you are already wet-wet-wet, and so 'hot!'" 

Young Chloe was barely able to stand her knees were so weak. She reached one hand to Aurora's shoulder for support the other to her head and pushed Aurora's mouth towards her wet vagina, gasping loudly, "Lick it! Lick it... suck it. God please I'm going to cum!"

"Alice, Mark look." Aurora sweetly cooed, as she turned Chloe toward them parting the lips and hair with her fingers exposing Chloe's erect clitoris, and shimmering beads of milky white juice coating her fingers "See how red it has become and how it dances as I flick it with my fingers." She said warmly while she petted Chloe's little buttocks, and tapping the tight bud.

Chloe let out a loud gasp as Aurora began suckling on her clitoris moving her fingers inside, and around, teasing her meaty labia. Chloe lifted her leg and placed it on the arm of the chair, giving Aurora's mouth full access to her vagina. Aurora slid two fingers into Chloe's anus and two into her vagina, and gripped her clitoris tightly with her lips, as she suckled letting it pop free just long enough to lick it, and suck it back into her mouth. 

Chloe groaned loudly as Aurora sucked and licked her clitoris while slowly sliding her fingers in and out of her anus and pussy. A shudder swept across Chloe's body, and with three loud gasps she pushed her blushing vulva into Aurora's face hunching it. A Creamy white uncongealed juice formed on Aurora's fingers and ran down her hand and dripped from her chin as Chloe ejaculated. Chloe now breathless dropped to the floor at Aurora's feet head resting on her thigh. 

"Now, how was that?" Aurora asked with a crooked smile on her glistening wet face. 

"M-my god that was the hardest I've ever cum, and the first time someone else has made me cum." She panted while plopping back down in the chair next to Aurora. Her skirt was still hiked up over her hips. "I want to do that again. That sure felt like you know what you're doing." She added while playfully fingering her wet pussy.

"Maybe." Aurora laughed, "But now we have to get you settled in with the rest of your class. Then figure out how best to help you." Aurora coolly said as she leaned back in her chair smiling and licking her lips and fingers.

After pausing for a moment she looked at the Parks' and cooed, "Mr. Parks, 'Mark', that is one hard cock. You found your Chloe's orgasm arousing." she mused, "Mrs. Parks do you see that? I can see it throbbing from here."

"Yes...it's hard alright." Alice answered smiling.

"And...did you find Chloe's climax titillating... arousing." Aurora coyly asked.

"Yes. I am envious of her youth, and at how easily she came." Alice responded her face blushing voice deepened as she looked at Mark's dick adding, "If we were alone I'd 'mount...' that di..."

"I want you to suck it, suck it off right now." Aurora interrupted as she goaded, "I want Chloe to watch, and tell me what she sees and feels while you are going down on your 'man.'"

Alice fidgeted about, turned redder and stalled, until Aurora asked, "You do... suck your husbands cock don't you?"

"Y-Yes I-I do. I just never though to do it in front of Chloe" Alice said hesitantly.

Chloe chimed tauntingly, "Come on Mom. Come on Maaum. I want to waautcha, I won't tellll anybody." Chloe urged

Alice moved over to Mark and looked at both Chloe with her ear to ear grin and Aurora with her solemn yet warm smile reached over and opened his pants and pulled his hard cock out for everyone to see.

Chloe let out a gasp asking, "Jesus mom; Are all dicks that big? Its head is all wet like a pussy." 

Alice giggled while she stretched and rubbed it saying, "No some are bigger some are smaller." 

"How do you feel about that Chloe?" Aurora warmly quizzed.

"I'm getting hot again Aurora." Chloe sighed.

"Alice milk it so Chloe can see the precum ooze out and drip." Aurora coaxed as she wrapped an arm around Chloe's shoulder.

"See Chloe a man has juices like a woman, and they flow when aroused. A woman makes a lot more juices during sex." Her mom said softly as she massaged his now hard penis.

"His dick is getting redder, and the veins are getting bigger too." Chloe said in amazement.

"Yes He's getting closer to cumming. Go ahead start working it Alice. Chloe sit in my lap, lets be quiet and watch mum make Mark cum. See how deep down inside her throat she takes it? Can you take it in that far down?" Aurora purred as she asked.

"No. I can't go that far down, cause I always gag." Chloe said as she grimaced.

"Go ahead Alice, go all the way down, then tell Chloe why." Aurora urged.

"There see she has it as far in as it will go. See? She has her nose stuffed into his curly hairs, she even licks his balls." Aurora excitedly pointed out.

"I take it that far in; first because Mark really likes it, and cause the saliva is slicker in the back of my throat. It does a better job of lubricating his dick, when I use my hand to make him cum." Alice said with lilt in her voice as she talked.

"Chloe has a male cum in your mouth yet?" Aurora teasingly asked.

"I'm not sure. One day I was sucking this boy's dick and it started to taste different. I thought there was something coming out of it. We had to stop really fast and put it away cause we heard someone walking down the trail." Chloe recounted.

"Have you made a girlfriend cum on your face yet?" Aurora pried as she watched Alice sliding up and down Marks shaft occasionally suckling the gland.

"No I haven't been alone with anybody long enough for them to cum and no one has really tried to make me cum. Aurora you were the first one. Did you... did it taste good?" Chloe hesitantly asked.

"Yes Chloe it tasted sweet and smelled very sweet. Chloe take my finger and put it inside your vagina." Aurora softly whispered.

"Aurora! Look!" she said in surprise as Chloe slid Aurora's two middle fingers into her. "Mark's dick has gotten really-really big!"

"Yes. I see it has. He must be very close to cumming." Aurora licentiously chimed.

"Oh Aurora I'm getting really-really hot too!" as she squirmed grinding her clitoris into Aurora's palm. 

"Save it Chloe." She murmured quietly, close to Chloe's ear as she pulled her fingers out. "I'll help you later." Louder so all in the room could here Aurora asked, "Alice is Mark close?"

"Umm Hum!" Alice hummed and then slid his dick deeper into her throat massaging Mark's testicles with one hand and milking the base of his engorged cock with the other.

"Let Chloe see the first squirt, then you swallow the rest saving some for Chloe."

"Om-Kay." Alice sang as she pulled the dick from her mouth, massaging the soft skin behind the gland, "get ready... look. There it goes!" Alice gleefully sang as a thick rope sprang across her face and sighing, "Oh yum 'Umm-umm...'" And into her mouth surged the rest of his sperm. Alice made gurgling noises as she swallowed.

"Good job. Now pinch it off. Let Chloe have some. Go ahead Chloe, put the head in your mouth and suck." Aurora softly coaxed.

"Come on over here honey, it tastes sweet you'll see." Alice seductively urged.

"'Eeww...!' It's really thick. Do you swallow cum a lot Mommy?" Chloe asked as she wrinkled her nose.

"Yes dear. Sometimes I let squirt right into my throat, and then finish by sucking it dry." Her mom smiled as she described swallowing Mark's sperm.

"Come back, sit, and drink some of this water it will rinse your mouth. You did good for the first time Chloe." Cajoled Aurora.

"Aurora that was strange watching Daddy cum. He didn't squirm around as much as I did. Do men have more cum than women?"

"Alice do you want to answer that?" asked Aurora.

"Sure Aurora. No. Women make a lot more cum when they orgasm. A healthy woman can cum longer, and more often in the encounter. If she has a good lover." Alice smiled warmly as she stroked Mark's face and added, "Like your Dad."

"I have to go pee-pee Aurora." Chloe squirmed as she announced. "I want you to hold it just a little while. I'll show you the restroom as soon as we are done." Aurora coaxed and asked, "How do you feel about boys, Chloe?"

"I like'em all right. I haven't had one inside me yet. Why, does it matter?" Chloe answered asking her own question.

"Since there boys and girls, you're going to be seeing a lot of hard dicks as well as wet pussies." Aurora explained as a matter-of-fact. "Chloe they all have similar problems, as you do. They masturbate when ever and wherever. We don't discourage indiscrete sexuality; we want to channel it. We will help you do a better job of fulfilling your desires. There will be many opportunities for you to have your pussy played with, and to play with other pussies as well as hard dicks."

"Do you think that's wise?" Alice asked, "Chloe has a very hard time resisting a boy when he exposes his erection to her. I don't want her having sex to the exclusion of everything else."

"I'm sure that won't be a problem. You heard her your self she says she is still a virgin." Aurora replied and then suggested, "That shows she does have some control." "I 'have' to go pee-pee Aurora 'really...!'" Chloe whined as she crossed her legs.

"We're almost done, you can hold it just a bit longer." Aurora coaxed as she looked warmly at Chloe and then asked, "Alice? Mark? What do you think?"

"This is all so different from what we expected. We know Chloe has a special problem, and you 'did' come highly recommended." Mark paused a moment looked at Alice, "Honey you sure you want to go through with this?"

"Yes Mark I think it will be the best in the long run. Chloe will get the help she needs and a college degree at the same time." Alice said with an air of satisfaction in her voice.

"Well Chloe it's up to you to choose. If you stay you have to play by a few simple rules." Aurora assured softly.

"Okay." Chloe agreed smiling broadly.

"That settles it... she stays." Aurora affirmed.

"We'll go get the rest of Chloe's things."

"That won't be necessary. We want her to have only new and different things. So remember no calls until the forth week, and no visits until the sixth week. Say your good-byes. Chloe give them both a hug and kiss good-by. Claira would help Mr. and Mrs. Parks find their car?" Aurora directed as she watched Chloe kiss and hug her parents.

"Thank you and good-by until the end of the first quarter." Aurora said in a very business like manner.

"Good-by luv ya see you soon." As Chloe danced, from foot to foot, straining to hold her urine in.

"Please hold the rest of my calls Janice. Chloe come on back and sit her in my lap please." Aurora directed as she smiled broadly.

"'Uh! Uh!' I ha-hav-fa to peeee!" she whined standing with crossed legs and looking desperate.

"Chloe you can hold it just a little longer." Aurora teased.

"Au-u-rroora!" she cried gripping her pussy.

"Sit down here and give me a kiss then you can go potty." Aurora cajoled as she petted Chloe's long silky raven black hair.

"Uh-uh-uh hmm," Chloe walked toward Aurora stiff legged.

As she leaned over to kiss Aurora she pulled Chloe onto her waiting lap. "Aur-Aur-orahhh! Ahh! Aaahh...!" Chloe groaned and sighed, as a gushing stream of piss soaked them both and the settee they were lying on. 

"Oh...! Good...! 'Girl!' Chloe... now scooch up, and turn over on your back, and let it all out, it is so warm." Aurora purred warmly.

"Aah! God! Aaahh! That feels goood." Chloe sighed with relief, "Aurora your stretching my lips." Chloe sighed as Aurora plied her soft young vaginal lips with her fingers.

"Scooch up higher spread your legs more. Those are called labia. It feels good doesn't it?" She purred into Chloe's ear.

"Yes. I like it. Why did you make me wait so long and then go all over you?" Chloe asked with relief ringing in her voice.

"I like the feeling of warm pee-pee soaking my cloths and washing over me. It felt good to finely go, didn't it?" Aurora quizzed as she started to thumb young Chloe's clitoris.

"Yes it felt good, now we have it all over the us and the seat. We will half to shower now." Chloe remarked as she squirmed from Aurora's ministrations.

"My... My you did half to go, you've soaked, the couch, and me. That's it let it 'all' out now." Aurora coaxed, as she gently fingered Chloe's vagina, splaying her labia with her first two fingers and peaking at the shrinking stream of urine.

"Yes it feels really good. I can feel you poking your other two fingers into my anus. There you go all done. Oops another squirt. And that's what?" Chloe asked as she gasped from the pressure on her clitoris.

"Your clitoris, I call it the 'hot' button. This is called your vulva." Aurora said as she wiped her whole hand across Chloe's genitalia and excitedly remarking, "Chloe you 'did!' half to go pee-pee and you did a good job of holding it to. Do you like what I'm doing now?"
