 Professor Angela O'Neil removed her glasses to rub tiredly at her eyes. Continuing a ritual she had already completed many times this afternoon, she turned her head to glance out the tiny window. It was fully dark now, the only light coming from the campus lights reflecting off the thick blanket of snow. Dark and dreary when she arrived in the morning, dark and dreary when she finally left for the day. Much as she hated to admit it, Winter was beginning to wear on her. Sighing, she completed her ritual by glancing at the clock and finally brightened slightly. Only five minutes left in her office hours and then she could get out of this tiny office and go home to her tiny apartment. 

Maybe she'd pick up some take-out someplace and scarf it down before slipping into a nice hot bath to ease her tension and take a break from grading these Freshman essays on Plato. Oh, how she wished the school would give her a TA to lighten her load a bit, but why would they when they seemed to consider her little more than a glorified TA herself. They wouldn't even have hired her if the profs in her department hadn't flatly refused to take on any more undergrad classes. Oh well, at least it was work, and not many universities were hiring these days, especially not in the Philosophy department. Better to relocate halfway across the country to a place where Winter apparently never ended (even if the college wouldn't help pay her moving expenses) than to be out of a job with no prospects. If she could get a couple years out of it, it would look good on her resume.

Awoken from her reverie by a knock at the door, she suppressed a scowl and forced what she hoped was a cheery smile onto her face as she called out, "Come in."

The door opened, and in walked a girl she recognized from her Introduction to Philosophy class, the essays for which she was currently grading. One of the few bright spots to that class, actually, as she actually seemed interested in the subject and, judging by her writing, was capable of at least a bit of original thought. At least ninety percent of her students only seemed interested in getting their Philosophy requirement out of the way with as little work as possible. She was wearing her usual navy blue wool pea coat, and a pair of short black leather boots, but she must have been wearing a miniskirt underneath to show no trace of a hem below the line of her coat. Angela shivered, thinking of the weather. No way was fashion THAT important, no matter how pretty the petite young blonde was. Now that she thought about it, that was another reason this girl was a bright spot in her class. Now what was her name...

"Ah, Cathy! How nice to see you. I'm afraid I was just about to pack it in for the day. If you're looking for your score on your essay, I'm afraid I haven't finished grading them yet. If you have any other questions or concerns, maybe you could save them for tomorrow?" She kept up her smile, but hoped Cathy wouldn't take it as an invitation to stay.

The girl shut the door behind her - not a good sign - before rushing to explain, a little nervously it seemed. "I'm so sorry to come so late, Professor O'Neil, but I actually did it on purpose. You see, I do have a question, but it's not really about class. It's more of a hypothetical question that's been bothering me for some time and I didn't want to use up your office hours in case someone had something really important to talk to you about. So... is it all right if I ask, or do you really need to leave right this second?"

It was at this moment that Angela O'Neil had to forcibly remind herself of why she wanted to become a teacher in the first place: To make a difference in the lives of her students, at least the ones open to it. Besides, Cathy looked so cute and eager, biting her lower lip nervously, shifting her weight from foot to foot, her shoulder length hair done up in a simple ponytail, the snow still melting off her boots. She must've just come from her dorm. "Of course. Anything to help." She gestured at the room's only other chair next to her desk. Please, sit and ask me your question. Hypotheticals are always interesting, philosophically speaking." She hoped she was a good liar.

"Actually I think I'd better stand for this..." Cathy seemed to be getting more rather than less nervous for some reason, and was visibly reddening, even in the relatively weak glow of Angela's desk lamp. She turned her back before continuing, taking a deep breath and letting it out slowly as she apparently fiddled with the front of her coat, probably fidgeting with the buttons. "Okay, here goes. What would you do if one of your students came to you and..." She visibly straightened her backbone, steeling herself. What ever was this girl so tormented about? "...asked you to give her a spanking?"

With this she turned around to face her professor once again, letting her coat come open and shrugging it off her shoulders in one smooth motion to fall to the floor at her feet. As it turned out, she wasn't wearing the miniskirt Angela had assumed. She was naked. 

She was also clean shaven, and Professor O'Neil found herself staring dazedly at the little pink cleft between her legs for a long moment before managing to shake herself back to reality - if this actually was reality. It seemed far too bizarre to be true. She forced herself to meet Cathy's eyes again without lingering too long on the way up her lithe body, her small, perky breasts' nipples fully erect from what must've been a terribly cold walk from the dorms to her office here in the Humanities building. Her tired and shocked brain struggled for words, but she finally managed, "Is this some kind of joke?"

Cathy said nothing, but simply shook her head very seriously before once again turning her back, very deliberately widening her stance so her feet were just a bit further than shoulder-width apart and then, keeping her knees locked perfectly straight, bent over at the waist, slowly unzipping the zippers on the sides of her boots and pausing, giving her professor an unimpeded view of her legs, ass, and once again, that perfectly formed pussy peeking out at her. Finally she straightened up again as gracefully as she had bent (The girl must've had some ballet, Angela mused idly) and turned back to face her once more, stepping out of her boots as she did so, then very deliberately clasping her hands behind her back, lifting her chin up almost challengingly as she stood, now wearing absolutely nothing.

"You realize I would be fired instantly for this kind of... I suppose 'fraternization' hardly begins to cover it." She was proud of herself for managing to keep her tone level and her eyes locked on Cathy's. She searched the girl's face for the slightest hint that this was some sort of a joke or possibly a sorority hazing, but could see only nervousness, resolve and, yes, a definite eagerness, even though the last was tempered by an obvious shyness. No trace of any kind of eye-rolling embarrassed giggling which would indicate anyone had put her up to this as a prank.

"I thought you would probably say that, and I racked my brain for something to reassure you. All I can say is that I want this. I've wanted this since the first time I walked into your class and saw you sitting there, so poised and beautiful and... perfect. Like some kind of Greek goddess or something." She trailed off, the blush caused by her gushing statement affecting her whole body in what Angela couldn't help but consider a most adorable way. Finally she managed to gush out in a rush of words, "All I can do is promise you that I'm serious, and that this isn't some ploy to get a better grade or something stupid like that. I'm already doing well in your class and I would never give you any less than my best work. You can even lower my grade if you want. I just..." she finally finished, more quietly, "...want to be yours is all."

Ms. O'Neil was finally beginning to get her bearings now. She allowed the faint trace of a smile to once again play across her lips as she reached for her glasses, slipping them on. She knew that this lent her a rather severe look, combined with her raven black hair pulled back tightly away from her face and gathered at the back of her head, but if the girl was really serious about this, her severity was exactly what she wanted, and undoubtedly a big part of what attracted her in the first place. Leaning back in her desk chair to regard the girl with a new frankness, she allowed her eyes roam freely and obviously over her student's form before speaking, letting a slight purr into her voice as she finally asked, "And just what, pray tell, do you think you'd be getting out of this? Besides a sore bottom, I mean."

Cathy was both strangely calm and obviously passionate in her reply. "What I'd get, every day I walked into your class, would be the knowledge that you would see me, not as a student, but as a squirming, needy, desperate girl, yelping at every strike of your palm against my bare flesh, but more eager every time for the next blow to fall. To get wetter and wetter every time you made glancing eye contact with me in the middle of a lecture, and to know that YOU knew how you were driving me crazy with each and every one of those looks. To know that you'd see me cross my legs tightly and know that it was the only way I could keep from having a noisy orgasm right there in class. To dream every day that this would be the day you'd look at me as the class was filing out and say, 'Cathy, I'd like to see you in my office after class.' and know you were going to have me strip just as bare as this and spank me until I had to walk funny the rest of the day."

The professor had to admit, this proposal definitely had its charms, and to be honest, it had been far too long. She raised an eyebrow, her voice now definitely teasing. "Oh? And is that all you'd want from me? Just one spanking after another? Wouldn't that get a little boring after a while?"

Cathy shook her head fast. "Oh no! Not if you were doing it!" She suddenly became shy again and looked away. "I mean, I hope that wouldn't be ALL you'd do, but I don't want to be too forward or anything."

Angela couldn't help but laugh, leaning forward in her chair until it finally subsided enough for her to sputter out, "Oh yes, by all means strip naked in my office and ask me to spank you, but under no circumstances should you be FORWARD." She once again dissolved in giggles.

Cathy looked embarrassed at first, but finally couldn't help but grin. "I guess that is a bit of an odd place to draw the line, isn't it?"

The professor's brown eyes were twinkling as she replied, "Maybe just a bit." Her attitude became even more teasing as she continued, cocking her head to the side. "So what are some of these other things you'd like me to do? I simply must know."

Cathy managed to match her gaze, but her voice was quiet and shy again. "I guess I hoped you'd kind of... play with me. You know, like I was your own personal toy or something. Use me in whatever ways made you happy. Make me beg for your touch, and when you touch me, make me shiver and moan. Use my tongue, fingers, and everything else I have to bring you pleasure, and then punish me, whether I please you or not, in any way you can think of."

Professor O'Neil nodded as she sat up straight in her chair, adopting a formal tone. "Then I believe I have an answer to your 'hypothetical question.'" Cathy'e eyes got very wide and she nodded eagerly, waiting for her pronouncement. "If a student of mine were to come to me, strip naked, and ask me to give her a spanking, I would have to say no."

She stood uncomprehending for a moment, stunned, before her face fell. Her face got red and she was clearly on the verge of tears when she finally was able to speak. "I understand, professor, and I apologize for wasting your time. If you want, I'll be happy to drop out of your class first thing tomorrow so that it won't be awkward seeing me after I've made a fool of myself." She turned to leave, and even managed to grab the doorknob before suddenly remembering she was nude, then started to clumsily reach for both her coat and boots at the same time, nearly falling as she did.

"STOP!" Professor O'Neil didn't shout, but the forcefulness of her tone brooked neither defiance nor dissent. When Cathy was able to stand still once again, she continued more quietly, "I said I'd say no if she asked me. If she begged me, I might very well have a different response." Then she calmly waited for her student to comprehend what she had just said.

It didn't take long for looks of understanding and, almost immediately, hope to come to her face, and with none of the grace she had displayed in taking off her boots, she fell to her knees at Angela's feet, hands clasped in supplication. Despite her eagerness, she had the presence of mind to spread her knees apart as far as they would go, leaving her sex openly on display for the object of her worship to enjoy. "She may be inexperienced, but she's obviously at least read some stories on the internet about how this is supposed to go," she thought, nodding in silent approval as she waited for the girl to speak.

"Please, please, please, I beg of you. Bend me over and show me no mercy as you deliver blow after blow to my deserving bottom. You cannot spank me long or hard enough to show me how unworthy I am, but I ask that you please try. Make me cry out, not for mercy, but only to continue, harder and faster. Make my bottom glow in whatever shade of red most pleases you. I humbly beg you to continue until you are satisfied, however long that may take. Then when you are finished, I ask, although I have no right, that you use me in whatever way will please you, no matter how shameful and humiliating it may be. These things I humbly beg of you."

Angela O'Neil smiled with obvious approval and even pride at this supplication. "Then rise, my little toy, lay your pretty body across my lap, and prepare yourself for the punishment for which you have asked so politely. How could I refuse such heartfelt pleas, especially when it would be a shame to let such a pretty ass walk out of here without brightening its color a bit. Nothing like a cold Winter's day for rosy cheeks, eh?"

She turned her chair in the tiny office so that she would be able to get a full backswing with her hand and not hit anything. As she did, she watched Cathy rising, the grin on her face seemingly about to split her head from ear to ear, practically bouncing in eager anticipation. The Professor put her hands at her sides, suddenly grateful that the school was too cheap to give her an office chair with arms and looked at the girl, nodding her silent instruction. The eager student wasted no time, bending her slim frame over Angela's waiting lap and then wriggling, trying to get comfortable. Sternly, she issued instructions. "Move forward, head down and ass up. Put the palms of your hands flat on the floor and don't move them from their spots. Legs spread as far as you can while still keeping your tiptoes on the carpet - I want to be able to see and touch between your thighs at any time without having to tell you again. Keep those knees straight and no kicking, no matter how much it hurts. Do you understand me?"

A slightly muffled, but obviously eager "Yes, Mistress" came from below as she wriggled into position, and she immediately corrected her sharply. "I'm not your Mistress yet, and I never will be if you don't please me. This might turn into nothing more than a bit of random fun with a spoiled little girl who's playing at being a real grown-up. If you must address me, address me as Ms. O'Neil, but You do not have to punctuate every sentence that way. Leave that for the insecure Mistresses who are constantly afraid their sub will start to think she's in charge if she doesn't say 'Yes, Mistress' at the end of every response. Do you understand me?"

Cathy paused, obviously unsure of the correct response to that, finally settling on a simple, "I understand."

"Good." Angela smiled as she brought her arms up, placing her left hand firmly between the girl's shoulder blades to steady her or hold her in place as needed. With her right, she began to softly caress her student's upturned backside, running it over each cheek in turn, cupping underneath before running it down the back of one thigh and then up the other, murmuring, "And such a pretty, round ass it is, too. It's going to look so lovely after I turn it nice and red, just like a nice, ripe apple." She noticed Cathy's legs were quivering, but she was doing a good job keeping her knees straight so far. "Why, Cathy, you're shivering. Can that be just from my touch? I mean, I would demand nothing less, but still, it's gratifying to see such a visible effect. Shall we see what other effects my touch is having?" Cathy could only moan softly in reply.

Angela took her left hand off the girl's back for the moment to join the right on her ass. Teasingly, she began, "You know, I enjoyed the view you gave me when you bent over to take off your boots, naughty girl, but I've been looking forward to getting a closer look ever since then, and now's my chance." She took one cheek in each hand, letting her fingers ease into her ass crack slightly before suddenly spreading her wide, making her gasp. "Ooh, and such a pretty little bung hole you have too, my dear, just as I suspected you would from how pretty, pink, and perfect your pussy appeared. I must admit I'm a little jealous. Tell me, is it sensitive, too? If someone were to bend you over and tease your little asshole with the tip of her tongue, would you come just as quickly as if she were tickling your clit with it?" With this, Cathy's legs began to shake in earnest, although she was clearly doing her best to keep her toes pressed to the carpet. She started to moan, mostly wordlessly, but a number of hoarse "Please... please"s could definitely be made out.

Continuing to hold the poor girl's ass open, she went on. "I believe I'll take that as a yes, and I'll definitely keep it in mind. Now, we come to the question of just how much all this has been turning you on. Despite your apparent eagerness, I suppose it's just possible that you've been lying to me. Fortunately, I know of one certain method to know for sure." With this, she let her right hand slip down and inward, letting her index finger slide lightly over her taint until it came to the narrow slit of her vagina, the pad pressing just slightly inward as it passed over, but stopping well before approaching the clit. She cried out in mock surprise, "Why, you're so wet! It's practically running out of your pussy! I wouldn't be surprised if you've been dripping all over my carpet." She began making tiny circles with her fingertip against the vaginal opening, coating it liberally with her student's juices as she shuddered and moaned in her lap. "Is all this juice for me? I'd better have a taste test." She raised her finger to her lips, licking it carefully clean before inserting it in her mouth, sucking as she gave out a long, "Mmmmmmmmmm..." Finally pulling it out with a kissing sound. "So tasty you are. Sweet just like honey, cliche though it is. Are you sure you wouldn't rather skip the spanking and just have me eat out that tasty pussy of yours? And maybe check out the sensitivity of that pretty little asshole of yours? I bet I could make you come three times in five minutes, as worked up as you are right now."

Despite Cathy's obvious ecstasy, the immediately began shaking her head so hard Angela could feel her rocking slightly from side to side. "No, PLEASE! I NEED my spanking! Please, please make me sorry for being such a bad girl. PLEASE!"

Oh, this girl was good. "That's the right answer, little girl. You came here for a spanking and I mean to give you one you'll never forget." She replaced her left hand on Cathy's back and resumes caressing her bottom with her right. "Now, it's time for your final instructions, so I need to know you're paying attention. Are you listening to me?"
