 Honestly, I didn't know if I should fly into an uncontrollable rage, break down and have a good cry or simply just laugh my ass off! After all, these kinds of things only happen to people in the movies, right? I mean sure, husbands (or in my case, boyfriends) cheat and their wives or girlfriends (that would be me, the latter) sometimes find out, but not like this. It was so melodramatic... It was so... so... Days of Our Lives-ish!

On the other hand, as the saying goes, you can't make this stuff up!

I didn't suspect them for a minute. What was worse, I had almost walked in on them right in the middle of the act! If the paperboy's aim hadn't been just a little bit off. If I hadn't walked into the backyard to get the paper before going inside. If I hadn't heard Tony and Kelly's rather loud love making through our open bedroom window. If things hadn't happened, just the way they happened, instead of the way they usually happened, I would probably be sitting in a dingy jail cell waiting for my lawyer to show up instead of driving around the city aimlessly, trying to make sense of it all. 

Gawd! Tony! I thought to myself. Anybody but Kelly Newton! Christ, if you're gonna screw around on me, do it with someone who can at least balance her own checkbook! She was a sexy enough looking package, but Kelly was far from being the sharpest pencil in the drawer! Maybe that was part of her attraction. 

I had been driving around for about an hour. It was getting close to dinner time so I hit the drive thru of the first burger seller I saw. I didn't want to go in and be sociable. Not yet anyhow. 

After wolfing down my dinner and another hour of driving and I was getting tired and felt I need to stop somewhere. I was in an unfamiliar, but nice looking part of town. A bar came up on my left. Maybe a drink would help settle my jangled nerves. 

The cool gloom of the bar was a welcome relief from the bright spring sunshine. The soft mummer of voices was a striking change from the sounds of Tony and Kelly's sex fest. The woman behind the bar, a shapely blonde in her forties, asked me what I wanted. Usually, I prefer wine, but this wasn't a wine night. 

"Miller draft, please."

She nodded and quickly poured my beer. The black tank top she wore did little to hide her numerous tattoos. It did even less to keep her boobs under control. I guess she didn't make enough in tips to buy a bra. As she took my money and turned around to get my change from the till, I wondered if the tight black jeans she filled out so nicely, especially for her age, hid any other tattoos. Her blonde hair sported a few natural (and I'm sure, well earned) grey streaks. I hoped I would look that good when I reached her age. 

"Never seen you around here." she said as she laid my change on the bar in front of me, "so I think it is only fair that to warn you. This is a lesbian bar." 

She smiled at my reaction -- my poker face needs a ton of work. Some subdued chuckling rose and fell from the tables closest to us. 

"Really?" A more sophisticated response eluded me. 

"Don't worry, kid." she said. "The mid-week crowd is kind of mellow. Nobody will bother you if you don't want to be bothered. If they do, just let me know and I'll take care of it. My name is Donna." 

"Thanks, Donna. I'm Claire." I said, "And I really just wanted to get out of the sun and have a beer or two before I go home. Um... I've had a rough day... at the office."

"Sure, kid. No problem." Donna headed off down the bar to tend to her other customers.

About halfway through my beer, I realized that I couldn't go home -- at least not tonight. I wasn't ready to face Tony and the thought of sleeping in the same bed he and Kelly had spent the afternoon fucking each other's brains out in was too depressing to contemplate. I chewed my bottom lip, pulled my cell phone out of my purse and dialed the house. I got our voicemail. 

'Tony. Yeah, it's me. Listen. I ran into an old friend from college. We got to talking and just lost track of time. Anyhow, she asked me to spend the night at her place. I'll see you after work tomorrow and tell you all about it", and then with more genuine emotion than I thought I felt, I added, "Love ya!" 

"You want another?" 

I was startled to see Donna standing in front of me. I wondered how much of what I had said she had heard.

"I... I... was... just."

"Hey, no need to explain to me, kid. Your business is your business." She crossed her arms and paused for a minute, trying to read my face, "However, if you want to talk about it... well... it's a slow night and I've got time."

That was all it took. I gushed out the entire story to her. She seemed genuinely concerned. 

"I'll tell you what, kiddo. If you want, you can stay at my place tonight." Donna said. 

I tensed up. 

"Are you a lesbian?"

"It depends." Donna replied coyly. 

"Depends? Depends on what?" I asked.

"Well, it depends on if you ask the guys I've fucked or the girls I've fucked." She smiled and put a fresh beer down in front of me. "This one is on the house."

"If I accept your hospitality, will you try to get into my pants?"

"Count on it."

"What if I say 'Stop'"?

Donna stopped drying the glass she had in her hands and leaned across the bar and looked me straight in the eyes. 

"Trust me. You won't." With that she kissed me briefly and gently on the lips. "I get off at nine." She said softly. 

I didn't know what to say. I had never been kissed by a woman before, well, at least not like that. On the one hand, it was not much different than kissing one of my female friends or, heck, even my mom, but on the other hand, the sexual tension was downright electric! It made all the difference. It... it... curled my toes!

Somehow, I knew I would be waiting in the bar until 9.

I followed Donna to her apartment and parked my Corolla next to her BMW. I guess I was wrong about the tips. Donna appeared to be doing alright for herself! Anyway, I was glad I had brought my own car instead of riding over with her. Just knowing that I could leave, if I felt I needed to, made me feel more... comfortable.

Donna lived on the 6th floor of one of the nicer apartment buildings in the city. In the ride up in the elevator, I wondered what it would be like to make love to another woman. For her part, Donna behaved herself in the elevator and in the hallway -- probably because of the security cameras. In fact she hadn't done or said anything suggestive since she kissed me in the bar. As she unlocked her door and we entered her apartment, I was beginning to think she might have been putting me on -- just "messin' with the straight girl" so to speak. She turned on the light as we entered her living room. 

"The bathroom is down that hallway and to the left." She said pointing the way.. She touched another switch and the hall light came on. "I'll see if I can find you something to sleep in. 

"I usually sleep in the nude." I said without thinking. 

"That will make things so much simpler." Donna said with a sly grin. I blushed like a school girl. 

After finishing in the bathroom, I returned to find the living room empty. I felt a cool breeze and saw that it was coming through the opened sliding glass door to the balcony. Donna's lithe form was silhouetted softly by the city lights. I quietly joined her in the cool darkness. 

"Look, kid, we don't have to do anything if you don't want to. That was just, well, talk back in the bar." She didn't look at me but continued looking out over the city. 

"Don't you want to 'fuck' me?" I asked, trying not to sound sarcastic. 

She turned and looked at me; studying me for a moment. Then she took the index finger of her left hand, hooked it inside the neck line of my blouse and pulled me towards her until our lips met. I tilted my head slightly so she could deepen the kiss. Her tongue entered my mouth, not as a conqueror claiming a prize, like Tony's would, but as lover seeking a kindred spirit. I touched the tip of her tongue with my own, and gently pressed against hers, reveling in her firm but gentle response. 

And then, all of a sudden, she released me. Her face hovered barely inches above my own.

"Sure I do, kid."

"Here or in the bedroom?" I hoped she could see my smile in the darkness. If nothing else, I wanted her to feel its warmth. 

She straightened up and reached inside the open balcony door and touched another switch. The main light in the living room went out leaving only the soft bluish glow from the light in the fish tank behind the sofa.

"How about the sofa -- to start?" she asked. 

"Sounds romantic." And it did.

Donna put her arm around my waist and we made our way to the couch. I rested my head on her shoulder. For some reason, I wasn't nervous I guess I should have been, but I wasn't. Tony and I had a rather varied sexual repertoire, and I sincerely doubted that Donna would be doing anything to me that Tony hadn't already tried -- or I hadn't done to myself. And to be completely honest every now and then when Tony would go down on me, I would fantasize that it was another woman eating me out and not Tony - at least until he grew his beard. But the question was, could I give another woman oral sex?

We stopped in front of the couch. Donna gently but firmly pulled me into her for a full deep passionate kiss. The feeling was both warm and wonderful -- just what I needed after the depressing afternoon I had had. My late father had always told me that the difference between an ordeal and an adventurer is attitude. The way Donna was kissing me and the way her fingers were probing the sensitive, secret areas of my skin hidden by skirt and blouse, made me feel adventurous! As Donna's hands found their way past my clothing to my skin, I thought to myself, what the hell if I can suck Tony's cock and swallow his cum, I can lick Donna's pussy. The thought made me give a half giggle.

Donna broke the kiss, "Is there something wrong?" She sounded mildly concerned.

"No." I said softly. "Everything is just perfect." With that I took the hem of her tank top and pulled it up over her head. The soft glow from the aquarium light highlighted her beautiful still firm breasts. I wanted to touch them. I wanted to kiss them. I wanted to suck her nipples into my mouth.

"Go ahead, kid. Kiss them." Donna said.

I smiled and she smiled back. 

First, I kissed her neck. I sucked at her skin just enough to redden it. A tattoo of a fairy graced her left breast. I slowly left a trail of wet lingering kisses from her neck to her left nipple. By the time I got there Donna's nipples were hard as buttons. I could hear her breathing beginning to deepen over me. 

I circled her nipple with my tongue while I cupped her right breast, which had a tattoo of a serpent coiled around her nipple, with a free hand. I started to tease the other nipple with my thumb. Donna shifted her stance slightly and I had a vague recollection of her jeans cascading to the floor, followed by her panties.

"Jezzus!" She exclaimed as I sucked hard on her breast. "I think we'd better lay down before we fall down. I released her breasts and let Donna spread out on the sofa. I was right. There were tattoos under her jeans. In addition to the two on her breasts, her front side sported about 8 pieces of skin art -- mostly of mythical creatures and fantasy characters. A Tolkienesque dragon arched above her closely shaved pussy. 

"You like my dragon?" She noticed me staring.

"Yes! It's magnificent!" I said, "But why a dragon, uh... there?"

"He's guarding my 'treasure'" Donna smiled. "The inker who did it really did a great job. If I let my cunt hairs grow back in, they look like fur on the dragon's belly."

"Cool.", was all I could come up with. 

"I'm not complaining kid, but one of us is a little over dressed." Then, with a flourish of her hand down the length of her firm naked body Donna added, "And it isn't me!"

I took a half step back from the sofa to give myself a little room. Then, I kicked off my sandals. Reaching up under my skirt, I grabbed the waistband of my pantyhose and rolled them all the way down and off without exposing myself to Donna. Next, I unfastened the waistband of my skirt. I began to pull down the zipper on my hip, but paused about half of the way down.

"What kind of panties am I wearing?" I asked.

"Well", Donna mused, "Something tells me that despite your modest outfit, you're no prude. So, I'm thinking whatever they are they aren't white cotton." 

I giggled.

"On the other hand, I don't figure you to be the thong type. You're a practical girl who can give in to adventure when it suits your purposes."

"Like now?" I raised an eyebrow.

"Yeah, like now, kid." Donna propped herself up on an elbow. "I figure if you are wearing panties you're wearing a bikini brief, with some cleaver, sexy saying on the front right over your cunt." 

Without changing my expression, I unzipped my skirt and let it fall to the floor. Donna read my briefs out loud.

"'Up your alley'", Donna laughed. "I love it!" 

With that I removed the rest of my clothes and snuggled down between her legs. I let my head rest on her chest for a moment, reveling in the feel of Donna gently stroking my hair. Looking back, I think we could have stayed like that until we both fell asleep, but feeling the warmth between her legs against my tummy, was making me long to do something to her. Something I had never done to any woman -- ever. 

Like Admiral Byrd, headed South.

As I passed her dragon, Donna spread her legs as wide our position on the sofa would let her. I knew what I liked and didn't like about the way Tony would eat me out. So, I figured the best way to proceed would be to do to Donna the things I liked and leave out the things I didn't like. 

I spent a lot of time licking her clit and sucking on it -- not too hard -- just until I could hear Donna moan. Every now and then I would run my tongue, slowly up the full length of her slit, pause at the top and then look her straight in the eyes. Then I would return my attention to her clit again. 

I took my time, allowing the feeling to build up insider her. I didn't want to rush things and she seemed to appreciate that. When she finally came, it was sudden, explosive.

One minute, she was taking deep long breaths murmuring things to me (most of which were unintelligible) and then, she took in a deep breath and held it for a long moment. When I thought she couldn't hold it in any longer I sucked her clit and flicked the end of it with my tongue. 

She exhaled with a loud, "Oh my fucking God!" as she clasped her hands to the back of my head, twining her fingers through my hair. Her hips bucked up into my face as I released her clit and began to tongue fuck her. Words and phrases like, "Oh, yeah, That's it!" and "Do that again!" were spaced between deep ragged breaths. Her juices filled my mouth -- I swallowed.

Her body movements were so wild, I felt like a pro-rodeo rider on the untamable bronc! The only difference was those cowboys only had to stay on for 8 seconds. I didn't time how long it took Donna to come down from her orgasms (she had at least two that I know of) but it was a hell of a lot longer than 8 seconds!

When she finally stopped moving and released my hair, I took one last long lick up her thoroughly wet slit. I stopped at the top and looked up at her. 

She smiled down at me and said, "Are you sure you've never done this kind of thing before?"

"Only in my dreams", I said.

"They must have been some dreams, kid!" 

To be Continued...