 I sat in that hotel room and watched her...watched as she told her story, watched as she cried, watched as she grew exhausted and, finally, watched as she slept. I knew she only slept because I had strongly encouraged her to take a few sleeping pills...she really needed the rest. She'd been carrying a huge weight on her shoulders, that's for sure. She was dating, and running drugs for, a man that would certainly hang her out to dry. And ultimately, she was working for Jimmy L, one of the biggest dealers in New York. It so happens he was also a problem for me. He just happened to be the number two guy under the man who had once tried to kill me.

I shook my head, grabbing my car keys, scribbling a quick note, and leaving a room that suddenly seemed too small and stuffy. As I folded my rather tall frame into my trusty Toyota, I shook my head again. I found the entire situation to be utterly absurd. And I wondered if I could save this woman...if she wanted to be saved. My mind was running a mile a minute as my foot pressed heavily on the gas. I felt the need for cool air against my cheeks, the feeling of freedom as the car made its way down a pretty deserted highway. I wasn't sure which direction I was driving in...I wasn't sure I cared. I was more amused that I had a knack for falling for women who wound up in trouble with gangs in New York City. Over a decade later and I was in the same situation. How had I turned my life completely around, turned it 180 degrees from where it had been when I was 19, and still wound up back in the same situation? In between a beautiful woman and the Netas.

I laughed, but I didn't really find anything funny. She was in trouble and I was not sure I could help her. Not without radically changing my life and possibly ending my career. Because to help her, I would most likely need help from my grandfather. And I had been very careful to put a lot of distance between my job and my grandfather. Contacting him, asking him for guidance, and maybe even for protection, would most likely get me kicked off the force. You can't have a criminal as a close relative. And my grandfather? I had checked once I was hired. He'd been indicted for murder at least three times. No way would my supervisors let that one go.

So, once again, I had to ask myself, was my life work risking for a woman? For this woman? I sighed. I didn't know. I just didn't know.

 * * * *