 Sunshine shone in through the window and woke up Eve and Melody. Slowly they opened their eyes, still in each other's arms from the night before. They smiled and looked at each other's beautiful face and naked body.

"Good morning, beautiful." Eve said softly.

"Well, good morning to you too." Melody replied in return.

"You know, last night was one of the best nights of my life." Eve said.

"Aw, it was for me too. You're so good at lesbian sex, one of the best I've ever had. You must have it a lot!"

"You really mean that? You must have had a lot of lovers, going everywhere in the South and all..."

"It's true, I've been with wives, daughters, expensive prostitutes, you're the best though. None of them can even compare to you."

"Thank you. I'd like to say I've had a lot too, but it's lonely up here with just my father and all the boys. I can't complain, though, because now I have you!"

With that, they laughed and gave each other a long, passionate kiss.

"Well, it's been great darling, but I have to get to work soon. I'll be thinking about you and when we can get back together in the afternoon. You should get up, too." Melody rose from the bed as she was saying this. This made Eve a bit sad, but she was holding on to last night and this morning in her mind. The two ate breakfast together, talking about themselves to the point where they thought they couldn't hear any more about the other.

After Melody got to work, Eve became rather bored. Without her, it seemed, there was nothing to do! She decided she wander out into the cotton fields and watch Melody doing her work. She could see her from a distance, working furiously. Eve had to admit, it was all very arousing.

She decided to run with this and put her hand in her undergarments. Feeling waves of lust course through her, she put her fingers in her vagina and began masturbating. As she had said to Melody, life before her on the ranch was quite dull, so she had become rather skilled at this. Looking at Melody working so hard, however, made her so horny she came within minutes. In fact, just a little while after this, she decided to do it all again, which she did.

And so went Eve and Melody's day. Melody was earning her pay, getting all worked up and sweaty while her lesbian lover watched her, intensely masturbating to the sight. Melody did not gaze over at her once. One or two of the male farmhands might have once or twice, but they assumed she was doing it at their expense, which they took as a compliment and moved on.

After the day's work was done, Melody went back to change out of her work clothes in one of the barn's rooms. It turned out Eve was already there waiting for her.

"Hello, my sweet! What have you been getting up to while I've been busy?" Melody said, hugging her.

"Watching you, of course! I'll admit it, it was very exciting to me, and I helped myself out many times." Eve stated in reply, and gave her a quick kiss on the lips.

"Oh, you naughty girl! Just don't do it too often, you might be caught."

"I make no promises! I'm just so happy to be back with you now." 

Melody took her work clothes off and stood in front of her. "You still excited, Eve?"

"Why yes, I am, in fact!"

"Well then, how about we have a little roll in the hay?" she said, lying down. She looked so attractive that Eve almost came right there.

Eve then removed her clothes as well. She went down to Melody's breasts and began licking them furiously. Sounds of pleasure came out of Melody. Eve worked on her entire body, eventually making it down to her open vagina. She took special care with this, knowing just what to do. Her skill was confirmed when Melody soon orgasmed.

Eve went on her knees, giving Melody a full view of her buttocks. Melody then started with Eve's legs, moving her tongue up and down. She licked each bum cheek in a swirling motion, taking great care in doing so. She moved into Eve's butt, Eve showing great enjoyment. This was one of the best days of her life. Melody heard Eve come for just one of the many times she had today and stopped.

"You just keep getting better and better, I'm telling you." Melody said as both sat nude in the hay, cooling off.

"Mmm, so do you." Eve said back.

"Well, I'd both say we need a bath." Melody suggested, as both were by now covered with sweat and hay.

"I'd love to do that with you, but not now." Eve would have to remember that for the future.

Melody and Eve stood up, put their clothes back on, and gripping each other's hands with tenderness and caring, went back to the house.