 "Bonjour, mademoiselle!" Melody's mother said as Eve came down the stairs. Melody was still sleeping. 

"Hi, Madame Marron." Eve sat down. "What's for breakfast?"

"A local dish, dear." Madame Marron was from France and often cooked the cuisine. Eve had been at her house for several months and had tried a variety of it. She had even had a few local dishes.

"I love it!" Eve said. She had promised to turn in some of her Southern cooking for future meals.

"Merci, my dear... where is my daughter?"

"She was still asleep, I think... maybe I should go get her?"

"Of course." Her mother knew, though, it might be a while before the two came down. Eve found Melody was awake, still a bit woozy.

"Hello, my darling." Eve gave Melody a kiss. 

"Good morning, Eve." Melody paused. She smiled a bit, looking down. "Can I tell you something?"

"Anything."

"You know how I've been involved in prostitution recently, and you know, I was sleeping with men," Eve was beginning to get an idea of where she was going. "I was beginning to suspect it for a while now, and my mother confirmed my pregnancy a few days ago. I wanted to tell you myself."

Eve was shocked, but in a good way. "Oh, Melody, I'm so happy for you!"

"For us. You do want the baby, don't you?"

"Oh, of course!" Eve truly did. She set her head on Melody's and they kissed for a while. Eve now regretted getting dressed, as she just took her clothes off again and then took Melody's off. They started kissing again, this time using a fair amount of tongue. They became aroused as their respective bodies joined for nude bonding. There would be a lot as they began to get more aroused. 

They turned over, kissing more frantically. Eve started fingering Melody's pussy, also increasingly frantically. Melody did not shave her pussy, at least she was not doing so recently. As she started coming, her bush became all wet, covered in cum. To some, this might be irritating, but Melody liked it and how it made her look. To her, it was a symbol of Eve's love.

Melody soon had Eve's pussy coated in quite a bit of Melody's love. She tasted some of it as she ate Eve out. She didn't hate the taste of their juices. Her own was alright. Eve's was better. As she went down on Eve, she thought about all the times she made her cum. Of course, there were many times. Now that they were living together, it was at least once a day, often more.

Madame Marron didn't mind- she was a Frenchwoman after all. She had seen many cocks in her day. Secretly, she liked seeing the pussies of her friends too. She knew about Melody's first few ladyfucks. Melody's newfound loveand pregnancy made her happy. Although Melody claimed to have been in love before, she could be sure this was love. She could tell- even she knew the beauty of a woman's love.

Upstairs, the two were wet and sweaty, and their hair was all messy. Everyone, though, could tell the beauty of their love. 

"Ohh, love, love!" moaned Eve.

"Yes..." 

"I'm about to have my biggest orgasm ever!!"

They didn't know about that, but it was certainly one of the longest. It made Melody cum a little too, since she was so aroused.

"Well, Melody." Eve said, sighing. "Should we get dressed and go downstairs?" The two would probably have sex before they went to bed that night anyway.

"Alright, dove."

At sunset that day, Eve and Melody sat out on Madame Marron's porch, looking out at the setting sun. They thought about how far they had come in the last several weeks. Eve had never been out so far, nor even thought about doing so. Even Melody, wise as she was, had learned and had new experiences. Of course, the best she had was with Eve. Melody had also learned true love. She had taught Eve, though not directly, how to accept herself and even become more outgoing like the sexy lesbian she was.

As they looked out, their thoughts also turned to their future. Their child was going to be a big part of their lives. Eve wondered if she or Melody might work. She wondered where they would end up. She never planned to go back to Fairweather Ranch. She didn't like Dallas either, it seemed like a place where someone could get shot. Eve hoped Carrie and Melody's mistress would stay together. Eve hoped nothing would happen to Melody either.

Whatever obstacles life threw at them, if Eve and Melody worked through them together, they would have no problems at all.

- The end -

Greetings everyone,

So we've come to the last chapter of our story. I personally see this more as an epilogue, but let's say a conclusion. I hope you have enjoyed the story and will be reading on. I hope I will be posting more on LE, but we'll see. I'm not sure while I'll be doing next. I plan to only be working on one or two projects at a time. Keep watching for them!

Thank you for reading, 

LadyDaisy