 A brief and twisted little fairy tale.

*

Author's Note

If you are a regular reader of my work you will know that I am a big fan of slice-of-life stories as well as unorthodox princesses in anachronistic settings. Well, this tale has a bit of both. As usual, all characters are over the age of eighteen, and don't try this at home.

Enjoy!Wax Philosophic

*

Fairy Fucking Godmother

"Chiminea, what is that on the floor?"

Chiminea scurried over as quickly as she could to see what it was her step-sister could have possibly found on the floor that Chiminea had so meticulously scrubbed only minutes ago. She frowned as she watched her step-sister dislodge a wad of chewing gum from between her smiling teeth and casually drop it at her feet.

"Look at this!" Step-Sister cried. "I could have stepped in this gum and ruined the soles of my new shoes."

Chiminea stood with her mouth agape, still not believing that even the most disgraceful of step-sisters was capable of such treachery. And on her newly-cleaned floor of all things. Chiminea's moment of reflection was cut short as she felt the vice-like grip of her step-sister's cold fingers curling around the nape of her neck, forcing her down until she almost stumbled.

"Well pick it up girl. Before somebody important steps in it."

Chiminea said nothing. For a moment she imagined that the wad of chewing gum was a steaming pile of horse dung and that her bitch of a step-sister was up to her ankle in it. That would serve her right for all of the cruel tricks she had been playing on Chiminea since last winter.

Like her step-sister, last winter was horribly wicked as well, and had coldly claimed the lives of her mother and father one morning while they were out frolicking in the snow. Mother and father had loved each other dearly and had frolicked together at practically any chance they got. They had even encouraged young Chiminea to frolic with them that day, but she did not.

Chiminea was too busy admiring her collection of pressed wild flowers and dreaming of the coming spring to be bothered with a mid-winter's frolic. And it was only after they were overdue by several hours that Chiminea had learned from a passing woodsman that her parents' frolicking days had been cut short by a freak avalanche.

After that, Chiminea was so overcome by guilt that she knew she would never frolic again, nor would she press any wildflowers. And not just for the constant self-reproach that played out inside her head, but for the never-ending list of chores given to her by her foster family. For it seemed to Chiminea that her step-mother and step-sisters saw her more as a servant girl than as another member of the family.

"Chiminea!" It was her other wicked step-sister snapping Ciminea's attention back to the present. "Chiminea, where is my gown? You were supposed to pick it up from the cleaners today."

"Yes, step-sister," Chiminea begged. "Yes, and I will. But you asked me to shine your shoes first. All of them, you said. And you have a lot of shoes."

"I don't care what I said then, I need you to go and fetch my gown now, and hurry before the cleaners closes for the day. Now shoo!"

Chiminea quickly scooped the chewing gum off the floor and deposited it in the trash as she scurried out the back door and into the alleyway. Chiminea wasn't allowed to use the front door since her step-mother did not want the neighbors seeing what she referred to as a wretched excuse for a girl leaving by the main entrance.

Chiminea stopped at the back gate and held her face in her hands for a moment. A weak sob crossed her lips as she thought about her lot in life and the endless despair it held in store. If only mother and father were not so fond of frolicking, she thought and then cursed herself for sullying their memory. Oh, what's a girl to do?

"What's the matter, toots?" A woman asked, appearing seemingly out of nowhere. She was standing by the back gate dressed entirely in black leather except for what looked like a white t-shirt or tank top, Chiminea wasn't quite sure which, under her unfastened leather jacket. Her boots were made of the same material, and even her pants it seemed. Except for her white cotton top, the woman appeared to be a study in buff black leather.

The strange woman raised her right hand to lift a cigarette to her lips and took a long drag. "What's the problem doll? Cat got your tongue?" she said while exhaling a pungent cloud of bluish-white smoke. "Or is it them bitches you're living with? -- Eh, Chiminea?"

"Who are you you?" Chiminea asked. "And how do you know my name?"

"I'm your fairy fucking godmother," the woman replied before lifting the cigarette to her lips again. "Duh."

Chiminea stared as the smoke curled around this foul-tongued creature before her, dressed in her leather and sporting the strangest haircut Chiminea had ever seen. It was as though some cruel defect at birth had made her hair refuse to grow on the sides and instead it was all clustered at the top like some sort of wild ebony rooster's comb. And the rest of her did not appear completely normal either, for there was a large bulge in her crotch area that should not have been there.

"No offense, but I seriously doubt that you are fit to be anybody's godmother." It hurt Chiminea to be so blunt, but it was the honest to goodness truth and Chiminea felt it would be more of an affront to lie.

The woman raised the cigarette to her lips again and took another long drag before flicking the spent end into the alleyway behind her.

"Suit yourself toots," the woman said as she exhaled another cloud. "But you and me, we could go hit the town, maybe have a little fun for once. But, you know, if you really want to just hang around here ..."

"Oh, I would love to get away," Chiminea whined. "But I have no time for such frivolity, for I must get to the cleaners before they close and fetch my step-sister's gown. She will need it for the big ball tonight."

"Ain't you going to this ball too?"

"No, fairy godmother." The word felt strange on Chiminea's tongue as it crossed her lips, but who was she to argue semantics with the woman? "I have not been invited."

"Well ain't that a fucking shame," the woman said. She had shaken another cigarette loose from the pack and was already lifting it to her lips. "What do you say I give you a ride over to the cleaners and then we see about getting you an invitation to this ball."

Just as Chiminea was about to ask Fairy Godmother what form of transportation she had in mind -- seeing that she had none of her own -- Chiminea's eyes were drawn to the flame that Fairy Godmother touched to the end of yet another cigarette clenched in her mouth. Such a lovely flame, Chiminea thought, and then it was gone.

Chiminea watched as Fairy Godmother took a long pull and then gestured with the glowing end toward a burgundy-colored vintage Chevrolet Caprise Classic two-door that Chiminea swore had not been there a moment ago. It looked quite regal and elegant perched as it was upon twenty-two inch chrome rims that seemed to twinkle in the fading orange light of evening.

Fairy Godmother opened up the passenger side door. "Come on honey, we ain't got all night. All this stuff will turn to shit at midnight."

Chiminea took one step toward the waiting car and stopped. Her legs felt constricted and she swore she heard a squeak when she moved. After another tentative step she stopped and looked down. By some strange magic Chiminea realized she was now dressed in leather pants and a leather jacket just like Fairy Godmother's.

She also knew now that it was a tank top that Fairy Godmother wore, for in her identical garb she could feel the smooth lining of the leather jacket against her bare shoulders. But strangest of all had to be the fact that she was no longer wearing a corset and her modest breasts were hanging free. Oh, what a liberating feeling it is not to be constrained.

Chiminea walked with purpose now, the heels of her leather work boots crunching on the gravel alleyway beneath her as she strode toward Fairy Godmother's waiting ride. As she sat down, the bulge in her crotch became even more noticeable and she reached down with her hand to shift it to one side.

"What is this thing, Fairy Godmother?" Chiminea stared down at the bulge in her own crotch as her leather-clad companion hopped into the driver's seat.

"Pack and play." Fairy Godmother just smiled as she twisted the key in the ignition and the big engine roared to life.

"But isn't that a portable children's crib?"

"Does it feel anything like what a childrens ought to be knowing about?" Fairy Godmother smiled as she mashed the accelerator and the car lurched forward leaving a cloud of exhaust fumes and burnt rubber in the rear view mirror.

"Child," Chiminea corrected as she reached for her seatbelt. "You said childrens, but you should have said child."

"And you need to fucking lighten up, toots."

Fairy Godmother touched a flame to another cigarette, rolled down the window and leaned over to turn on the stereo. The two women made it to the cleaners and back in record time.

*

"Remember, all this stuff turns to shit at midnight so don't get all wrapped up in anything and stay too fucking long, got it?" Fairy Godmother rolled up the window, waved to Chiminea, and laid a trail of burnt rubber as she peeled out of the dance hall parking lot.

Chiminea could feel the swell of the music around her in the cool night air. The driving rhythm of the beat propelled her up the stairs and toward the entrance where she was suddenly stopped by a gorilla in a suit and dark glasses.

"You on the guest list?" was all he offered in way of greeting.

Chiminea hadn't thought to ask Fairy Godmother about supplying her with an invitation to the club, and now she was gone. To make matters worse, the thing between her legs was starting to become uncomfortable again. Chiminea tried to be as casual about it as possible as she reached down, touched her hand to her crotch, and shifted the object a little to the right.

"Oh it's you," the gorilla grunted, "go right on in."

Whoa, Chininea thought, could it be that the bulging object that Fairy Godmother has chosen to bestow upon me possesses magical powers? It would certainly make for an interesting evening if all she had to do was shift a little to the right or left to have people falling over themselves to do her bidding.

Chiminea walked through the door and grabbed at her crotch once again, this time shifting to the left. From out of nowhere a scantily-clad blonde hostess arrived with a tray full of martinis. As Chiminea took one and raised it to her lips, she couldn't help but notice the woman's gaze had moved slowly from Chiminea's eyes down to the toes of her black leather boots and back again.

"Haven't seen you around here before," the woman said. "And ain't that a crime."

And with that the hostess turned and kicked up her heel, making a show of swaying her hips as she walked back in the direction of the bar. Chiminea just smiled and pressed deeper into the crowd, toward the source of the throbbing bass notes and the flashing lights.

She was stopped just short of the dance floor by a hand on her arm.

"What the fuck?" Chiminea twisted out of the hand's grasp and whirled around to meet the gaze of the man whose arm it was attached to.

"Pardon my rudeness," the man lisped, obviously drunk. He was tall and lanky in his perfectly tailored silk suit and had his hair slicked back with some kind of oily tonic. He held a drink in his other hand, the one that had not just violated Chiminea's personal space. And there was a red-haired woman leaning on his arm.

"I don't think I have ever seen you here in the club," he continued, "and I was afraid you might get away before I had a chance to introduce myself."

"And?" Chiminea glared at the man.

"And I am the prince." He stood tall with his chin lowered, peering over the tops of his dark glasses at Chiminea as if waiting for some flash of recognition or perhaps an expression of adoration.

Chiminea just blinked.

"Surely you've heard of me. I'm the guy who's always throwing the big balls." The prince stared at Chiminea for a moment, probably not believing that there was someone in the land who did not know of him, at least by reputation. "I'm surprised you have not heard of my balls. They are the stuff of legend you know."

"Whatever. I'm sure my step-sisters would be impressed by your big balls. They're around here somewhere if you want to put that theory to the test." Chiminea glanced at the woman on the prince's arm. Poor girl, she thought, consigned to be hanging around with this douchebag all night.

"Oh, do you know my sister?" the prince asked after noticing Chiminea's lingering gaze.

"Nope, never met her." All this standing around had made the bulge in Chiminea's pants uncomfortable again, and she absentmindedly shifted it back to the right as she turned to go. She hadn't gotten three steps when she felt a hand on her arm again.

"I swear to god your highness, you do that again and you'll be pulling back a stump." Chiminea whirled around, but to her surprise rather than seeing the prince, she was face to face with his sister. His very lovely sister, the princess.

"Enchanté" the princess remarked, her hand raised to stifle a yawn. "Now take me dancing before I drop dead of boredom at yet another one of my brother's great big balls."

Chiminea shifted the bulge in her pants again and from out of nowhere a bouncy blonde hostess appeared offering to take her leather jacket to the coat check. Chiminea blew the blonde a kiss before handing over her leather and offering the princess her arm.

*

The beat of the music seemed to impress itself upon Chiminea's senses by way of her bones rather than her eardrums, as she and the princess pushed their way into the writhing mass of bodies on the dance floor. Once they had found a suitable spot, the princess turned and draped her arms around Chiminea's neck as her hips swayed to the beat.

"... such a boor." The princess said.

"What's that?" Chiminea shouted over the din. "I missed what you said."

"I said my brother can be such a boor."

In the undulating crowd that moved as one to the driving beat, Chiminea was forced to press tightly against the princess as they danced. Or perhaps it is by her choice that she dances so closely, Chiminea thought as the woman spun around and began grinding her backside against the center of Chiminea's pants, right against that seemingly enchanted bulge.

Chiminea placed her hands on the princess's hips as the woman continued her seductive movements. The alluring princess responded by raising her arms into the air as she continued writhing like a serpent, rubbing against Chiminea's body as if she were somehow trying to cast off her old skin.

In fact, that's exactly the effect that the princess appeared to be having. As she lowered one hand, the strap of her party dress slipped off her shoulder and lay loose against the bare skin of her arm. Chiminea moved to slide it back onto her shoulder, but was intercepted and had to stifle a gasp as the princess guided Chiminea's hand under the loosely hanging fabric of her dress.

Chiminea found the princess's flesh to be soft and inviting, cool to the touch despite the heat given off by all the bodies packed around them on the dance floor. The princess ground her backside harder against Chiminea's crotch and Chiminea found herself becoming lost in the rhythm of the princess's movements and the enticing stiffness of the nipple under her fingertips.

"... get out of here?"

"What was that?" Chiminea said.

The princess whirled around, mashed her lips against Chiminea's mouth for a moment and spoke again. "I said, do you want to get out of here? I haven't had a good fuck in an age and it's really been making me quite irritable."

Chiminea found herself nodding her head and being dragged off the dance floor by a very eager young princess.

*

"Oh fuck!" the princess cried. "Just like that! Yes! Yes! Yes! Don't ever stop fucking me!"

Chiminea did her best to satisfy the woman's seemingly unquenchable thirst for penetration. The pair had searched briefly for a suitable place to consummate their lust for each other, but finding none had settled for one of the bathroom stalls instead.

The princess was currently bent over facing in the direction of the commode with her fingers splayed against the tile wall. Chiminea was standing behind her in a pool of leather pants at her feet, squelching in and out of the princess's dripping entrance.

After a few missteps of heads accidentally knocking into walls, or hands slipping off the tile to grab at the plumbing and inadvertently flushing the commode, the two women had finally found their groove. Chiminea was pounding away with abandon while the princess showed her appreciation with grunts, moans, and subtle words of encouragement.

"Oh my fucking god baby, just like that." The princess was rocking back and forth, meeting every one of Chiminea's thrusts with gusto. "Fuck me baby. Oh good god yes! You're gonna make me -- oh shit! -- yeah baby, just like ..."

Chiminea noticed that the princess had gone rigid in her sudden silence, and that her thighs began to quiver almost uncontrollably. Chiminea supported the princess's body with an arm dipped around her waist as she continued to fill her need over and over again in that tiny space.

"Oh, fuuuck!" the princess gasped becoming animated once again, "Fuck, fuck, fuck!" The princess stood up on her toes for a time and then sagged as if it were too much of a chore to do anything else at the moment, and that included supporting her own weight.

Chiminea smirked at the distinct slurping sound as she slid out of the princess's well-used entrance before turning her around. "You OK?" she asked.

"Shit," the princess husked. "What did you think I was screaming about that whole time?"

Chiminea watched in awe as the beautiful princess tucked her breasts back into her party dress and smoothed it out before helping get everything zipped back up into Chiminea's pants. The two women stared transfixed into each other's eyes for a moment before the princess broke the spell with a quick peck on the lips.

"I should get back out there before my idiot brother thinks I've been kidnapped or something." The princess grinned. "Though we should totally hang out sometime."

"Damn it," Chiminea cried, "what time is it?"

"Um, eleven fifty-five I think. Plenty of time to ... Hey where are you going?"

But Chiminea didn't answer. She was already sprinting to the parking lot to see if Fairy Godmother had come back with the car. And after looking frantically around the lot Chiminea quickly came to the realization she would be walking home.

Chiminea sobbed softly as she walked, for her tanktop and leather pants and transformed back into the old rags that she had been wearing earlier in the afternoon.

*

Chiminea shuffled through the alleyway to enter by way of the back door. As she crossed the threshold, she paused to take in the scene before her. Step-Mother was bent over the arm of the sofa with only half of her flesh still contained in her house dress. She was bouncing and wailing, her face contorted while Fairy Godmother stood behind her thrusting mercilessly.

Apparently Chiminea wasn't the only one entering through the back door this evening. Fairy Godmother was violating Step-Mother with a wicked looking toy poking out through a pair of white Fruit of the Looms and plunged to the hilt, deep inside Step-Mother's obscenely stretched anus.
