 We were supposed to meet at her house for one o'clock for my Reiki session. Looking at my watch I knew it was a little earlier then planned but figured since I'd done all the running around I needed to do I would go anyway. What is a half an hour early anyway I thought, Faith won't mind, she never has before. I am one of those people who is perpetually early or bang on time, usually on the early side and people have pretty much come to expect it.

I walked up the steps and knocked on the door and waited, trying to be patient but it was cold outside and I am not one who enjoys the cold at all. Wiggling from one foot to another in an attempt to keep warm, the snow swirling around me on the exposed front porch, I peaked in a window to see if anyone was coming to the door...nothing.

Knowing the doorbell didn't work and figuring Faith was in the rear of the house, probably doing laundry and didn't hear the knock, I opened the door and let myself in. This was not unusual either; we had both done it at each others homes many times over the years.

Calling out the usual hello, hearing my voice echo back at me, I expected a reply but got a simple silence, not even the dogs came to greet me which actually made me uneasy. Where on earth could everyone be, she was expecting me soon anyway and the dogs were always running around yipping about whenever anyone came in the house.

Calling again and receiving the same non-reply I began to grow worried, just a little really but still concerned. I was thinking maybe she had just taken the dogs for a walk and would be back anytime now or perhaps they were out in the yard and that would explain why she had not heard the door. I made my way through the kitchen and looked out the side sliding door, where the deck and part of the side yard and driveway were visible. 

Seeing nothing I continued my journey through the house, down the four stairs to the lower level and to the back sliding door. This one had a view of the entire back yard, covered with a light dusting of snow, but not even a faded footprint from one of the dogs. This was getting really weird now.

I really shouldn't have been wandering about I guess, but I had been here many times and it felt more like my own house then a friends. Starting back to the stairs, with the intention of just going to plop myself on the couch and wait for her return, I heard a "bump" that sounded like it had come from the back bedroom. Knowing that room belonged to her son, the border had moved out last year, I went down the all and knocked on the door. He should be in school right now and if he was bagging he was going to catch hell for it.

"Mitch?" I called through the door. No answer, no more bumps, nothing. Opening the door I looked in and called his name again, saw only his unmade bed and a few clothes on the floor as is typical of a teenager. Maybe the cat was locked in his room or something and had made the noise. 

Leaving the door open for the skittish Whiskey, I went back to the stairs. "Bump, ooof!" There it was again, in the laundry room. Ok, so my initial thought was right, she was down doing laundry. 

Opening the door and walking into the room her name died on my lips as the dogs came rushing over to me and began to jump at me in their happiness to see me. Ok I was now wondering what the hell was going on. Why were the dogs locked up in the laundry room?

Pushing Cody down before he did the same to me I walked away telling them to stay but leaving the door open. Cobalt gave me his sad eyed stare almost as if to say "but you just got here!"

I ascended the stairs, back into the kitchen and stood still, listening. Finally I heard some of the soft music Faith used in her Reiki sessions coming from the top of the stairs, and what sounded like water running. On my way up I noticed it was a little dim in the overcast of the day but that didn't bother me so I didn't even turn on a light.

Heading in the direction of the "Reiki" room and the music I said to the walls "Faith, It's Katy, I am a bit early but..." I stopped speaking as I realized the shower was running and she wouldn't hear me anyway. With a chuckle to myself for being so silly and worrying I opened the bathroom door, once again intending to call out and let her know I was here. 

The sight that I saw at that moment will forever be burned in my memory...it was absolutely breathtaking. I had been in this bathroom only a couple of times as mostly we just used the lower one for it's convenience so I had completely forgotten it had the clear glass shower door. Seeing Faith totally naked was not new to me, but seeing her masturbating in the shower was.

Now I had known for quite some time that I was bi-curious but had done very little about it. Faith held always had an attraction for me with her large breasts and hips yet a tiny waist. Shoulder length hair, usually a honey brown shade, had change little over the years and its softness always intrigued me.

Faith leaned up against the shower wall, one leg propped on the side of the tub displaying her pussy to the door I had just walked through. She didn't even notice that I had come in she was so lost in her moment of passion. 

It was hot in the room, steamy from the shower that had obviously been going on for a bit and the mirror above the sink was fogged but the shower doors remained completely clear, as was their design to do.

I could see the soap still on her nipples and sides of her full breasts, tracing a path down her slim belly and down the leg that stood on the floor of the tub. I could see her head thrown back under the spray of water that was gliding it's way down that slim sexy body. And I could see her belly button ring, the little diamond swaying back and forth with the motion of her hips as she fucked herself with two fingers of one hand and the other flicked at her clit.

I knew I should leave, wanted to really, but I couldn't. The sight before me was just so fucking hot. My pussy was getting wet just looking at her, watching her pleasure herself. 

The heat of the shower had made her skin a pale shade of pink where the faded tan did not reach in her bathing suit, on her mouth watering tits and her succulent looking pussy, now receiving 3 fingers in her frustrated attempt to reach orgasm. She looked almost like she was on the very edge and it still kept eluding her.

I'd had the same issue from time to time and knew just how it felt to be so close but unable to cum, to fall over that edge from suspended bliss to complete sensation.

I watched Faith's face as she struggled to cum, wanting it so bad she could just about get to the edge but then for unknown reasons was drawn back.

I had worn a simple tracksuit for our Reiki session, since I found it the easiest to relax in, and in a split second I had it off along with my underwear. With a deep breath, and a little hesitation I opened the glass door.

Faith had known of my curiosity for years, but not of my interest in her. She was an admitted bisexual and had been with women before, as I had not. Maybe it was for this reason she seemed a little shocked at my entrance to her shower at first, and then as I touched her breasts she relaxed. Leaning into me she placed a kiss on my mouth and in her honey like voice said a simple, "Hi Katy."

I smiled at her and said nothing. I don't know if my voice would have worked at the time over the pounding of my heart, I was scared but so exhilarated at the same time. I wanted this, I wanted her, I always had and now was my chance.

Even in my inexperience I knew instinctively what to do. I began to run my hands over her gloriously tight tummy, up on to both her tits at the same time. Pinching her nipples lightly to make them stand hard I bent my head to one and began to suck. 

I was in heaven. The feel of her tit in my mouth was something I had been missing, I knew it now, I liked it...a lot. Flicking my tongue around and over her nipple as I sucked, listening to her moans of pleasure, I could feel the wetness of my own pussy already and it had nothing at all to do with the water from the shower.

Faith held my head to her breast, loving the feel of my mouth on her as much as I did I think. Taking my hand she placed it on the little nub of her clit within the folds of her pussy. I could feel the heat radiating from her at my touch; her breathing grew faster as I moved my finger to the opening of her wet pussy. 

Feeling bolder now, as she had definitely accepted my being there, seemed quite pleased about it in fact, I went to my knees and kissed first her belly, twirled my tongue around that sparkly diamond and then placed my mouth to her clit. I wanted to taste her, to know her intimately, to know what it was like to be with the woman I had secretly lusted after for years.

I can't really explain the actual taste of her other then to say ambrosia. I could smell the sweet scent of her pussy mixed with the body wash she had used and together they tasted so good I felt like I could do this for hours. I don't really know if this was just my desire for her over the years or if this was the way it would be with any woman, she has only ever been the one.

I flicked my tongue over her clit, sucked it gently at first then a little harder. Noticing her wincing I thought at first it was too much and backed off until she whispered "Harder..."

I knew I liked it myself when my partner was quite insistent in his tongue action and the harder he sucked the better I felt so I applied this knowledge now to Faith. She reacted violently, only in pleasure rather then pain. I could see my mouth around her clit was just what she needed...it was what I had needed. 

My tongue traveled down to her hole and darted inside, tasting the faintest hint of her juices as they began to build. Fucking her pussy with my tongue, faster and faster until she was moving her hips in a motion opposite of mine and grinding her pussy into my face. I almost instinctively knew she was ready to cum as her pussy started contracting around my tongue and I could feel her clit swell in my mouth. 

In an instant I had two fingers inside her, fucking her, making her juices cover my hand as she began to cum freely, finally. Continuing to suck her clit with a pleasure all my own I looked up at her. Watching her face as she came, her head thrown back under the spray of the shower again, knowing it was my touch that gave her so much pleasure was absolutely incredible, an experience I will never forget.

I had been able to do what she had not alone. The amount of satisfaction I actually got from this was amazing. The reaction of her cumming on my hand, feeling her pussy squeeze my fingers, her facial expression as she was able to go over that edge to bliss and the knowledge of what it was like to finally be with her was too much for me, I actually came myself.