 [8th grade, graduation dance]

As the last song came to a halt, I walked over to my friend Michelle. "You've been a real boon these past 8 years. Without you I never would have made it this far. You're an angel."

Michelle giggled. "Thank you, Carol. I'm really going to miss you. I wish my family wasn't moving 100 miles away."

We hugged, then went our separate ways, promising to keep in touch.

[20 years later]

I had just recently moved to Sacramento. My job as a high-powered businesswoman made me tons of money, but left me with little time for a life. One of my co-workers had recommended a restaurant for my Friday dinner. "It's not in the best part of town, but the food is heavenly."

I went there and consumed my food. It was as good as advertised. A block from the restaurant was the boundary of the "hobo jungle". I walked over and peered down into it. I don't know why. Just curiosity, I suppose. 

One of the hoboes, a woman who appeared to be about my own age, slowly walked over towards me. She stopped about five feet from me and looked me over carefully.

"Carol, you haven't aged a day since that last picture you sent me."

I frowned. How did this woman know my name? And what was this about sending a picture?

There was something familiar about her, though. If I pictured her in decent clothes and without the grime on her face...

"Michelle?"

"The same. I had trouble finding work and was living with my parents, and then they lost their jobs and their house before dying."

I made a snap decision. "You were always there for me when I needed you. Now it's my turn, angel. Come home with me."

The other hoboes were ignoring us. Michelle simply followed me a block back to the car and I drove her home. The only possessions she owned were the clothes on her back. 

I, of course, promptly threw them away when I got her home, and suggested she take a long shower to get clean. She didn't need much encouragement.

"What should I wear?"

Michelle had finished her shower. I walked into the bathroom.

"Dry off and wear nothing. I usually go naked at home."

"Only if you strip off that suit, Carol," Michelle teased. She was in a much better mood. 

"One moment."

While she dried off, I removed my clothes. When she walked out of the bathroom, I smiled. "Better?"

"Much."

"So, everything went wrong?" I gestured for Michelle to lay on the bed. I lay down next to her.

"Pretty much. First I couldn't find work, then my parents lost their jobs. No one was bringing in money and they stopped being able to make the mortgage payments. We were getting food from the food bank. Then Dad died of a heart attack and within a week, Mom followed, out of grief I guess. The bank seized the house and I made my way to where you found me."

"For how long?"

"Two years."

That explained her scrawny, unhealthy look. I took her to the kitchen and she ate like she was making up for lost time. 

"Carol..."

"Don't mention it. I'm glad I found you. I'd like you to stay here. I've missed you."

"You're awesome."

When she was done eating, we went back to the bedroom and lay down under the covers.

"You don't realize how nice sleeping in a bed is until you don't have one."

I instinctively wrapped my arms around her. "Rest up now. Sleep away the whole weekend if you have to." Then I turned out the light.

She woke at noon the next day. I had already fixed a very large breakfast and eaten my share. 

"Help yourself, Michelle."

"Thanks."

She wasn't as ravenous this time. I figured in a few days her appetite would settle down once her body stopped feeling malnourished.

After she finished, she looked at me. "What now?"

I paused to put the dishes in the sink. "How about we watch a movie?"

We curled up together under a blanket on the couch and watched two movies, "Terms Of Endearment" and "Fried Green Tomatoes". It was like being 12 years old again. 

Michelle was thinking along the same lines. "I loved watching these back when I was just a girl."

"Timeless classics," I agreed.

We went back to the bedroom and lay down, snuggling and spending the rest of the day doing girl talk. I hadn't realized how much I missed having someone around. The money I was making was great, but being all alone had, without me knowing it, taken its toll on my soul. 

And the fact that it was a good friend helped. Michelle had always been someone I was just plain comfortable with, and time hadn't changed that one bit. 

We goofed around on Sunday as well, watching a couple more movies and just being lazy. When Monday morning came, I told Michelle to just have an easy day. I figured she deserved it after two years of ones harder than anything I could imagine. 

And a week went by like this, and we had another lazy weekend, and we settled into a pattern. We both slept naked next to each other but neither of us had made any advances, sexually. 

After about a month, Michelle was looking back to her usual self. She had always been slim and not particularly large-chested (B cups at best: mine weren't exactly monsters, at between a B and a C, but they were slightly larger than hers), but now she no longer looked like her body had suffered a wasting disease. I bought her a few sets of clothes, so she could go out in public if she so desired. 

She expressed a desire to find a job. That wasn't going to be easy, but at least now she had an address she could put down for her home. A month or so later, I was able to use some connections to get her a job as a receptionist at a company just a block from where I worked. 

"Thank you so much, Carol. For everything. I feel like a real person again."

We were lying in bed on a Friday evening. Her job would start on Monday.

"Michelle, angel, I'm very happy to have done it. I like you very much."

She wrapped her arms around me.

"I... think I more than just like you, Carol."

I wrapped my arms around her. I had never thought of myself as lesbian, but looking back on it, I had never dated boys, even in high school. I was always with my nose to the grindstone, pushing myself to do well. And the same in college, and then I had jumped into the working world and driven myself hard, never having a social life. And by the time Michelle and I were in the 8th grade, there had been elements of our friendship that seemed to be pointing towards being more than just friends. 

"I feel the same way about you, angel."

We kissed. It was a gentle kiss, very soft, very tender, no tongue play. It may have lasted ten seconds. We broke away to see if what we thought we felt towards each other, was how we actually did feel towards each other. 

And then we both wrapped arms around each other and kissed again. Hard and deep this time. Lips parted, tongues twining, for as long as we could go without having to break away to breathe.

When breathing became necessary, we broke the lip-lock and looked at each other. Then we said it simultaneously. "I love you and I want you."

I kissed Michelle's neck, slowly moving my lips down towards her pert chest. There wasn't much cleavage to kiss through, so I quickly found myself very softly kissing and suckling on one of Michelle's sensitive nipples. 

"Mmmmmm."

I switched to her other nipple. Her arms gently secured my head in place. I found my hands gently groping her small rear. She moaned softly as I caressed the flesh. 

"My turn, Carol."

Michelle kissed my neck, and made sure to gently nibble on my earlobes before moving downwards. That caused me to shiver. Then she kissed her way down to my chest and suckled on my nipples. My pussy started juicing up as her tongue traced delicate patterns on my sensitive flesh. 

I'm a little curvier than Michelle, but we're both pretty thin. Her fingertips traced a pattern of caresses on my slim legs. 

"Is your pussy as wet as mine, Michelle?"

"Why don't you find out?" she teased. Then she shifted her position so that we were in a 69, with her on top. I licked some of her tasty juice from her slit.

"Yes, it is."

That was the last word spoken for a while. I lapped away at her slit while she tongued mine. I trapped her head between my thighs and she did the same to me. We both quickly climaxed and kept right on going. Bodies quivering, room filling with the smell of girl love, we tongued each other for what seemed like hours.

When we finally broke apart, my digital clock recorded the 69 as having lasted 53 minutes. I think we'd both had about that number of orgasms. But we weren't done.

We both lay on our sides, legs spread, and maneuvered so that we could rub our slits together. We ground against each other for a few more orgasms. 

"Whew!" Michelle panted after we separated out bodies and got breath back in them. "That was amazing, Carol."

I kissed her cheek tenderly. "You were amazing, angel."

We showered, put the cum-drenched top blanket in the washer, and climbed back into the bed to hold each other. 

"We still have the rest of the weekend, after we sleep."

"I like how you think."

I turned out the lights...