 Love is a funny thing. It can be beautiful, but only if it is both-sided. As I had just learned the hard way.

Ethan had been my boyfriend for six months. For a while I felt cared for and life was good. Slowly I had realized that the only reason he stayed with me was because of my hourglass figure and naivete. He had been cheating on me the whole time we were together. I had just broken it off, a month after I should have.

Walking home, my head felt it would explode from the amount of emotion and thoughts flowing through it. The moonless sky was above me. When I got home, I collapsed on my bed and cried into my pillow.

I was depressed for months afterwards. People kept away from me. Many friends were lost in the process. Only four months after that could I feel myself starting to heal.

It was five months after the break up that I met Jessica. She had long dirty blonde curls and a figure that most girls only dream of and guys dream about. From the first I saw her I thought she looked like an angel.

We met at a park in the middle of the night. I love to take midnight walks under the full moon. So does she. She wanted to know the time. Before long we were chatting like we’d known each other for years. At one we went our separate ways, but not before making plans to meet again. 

Jessica and I became good friends. Yet somehow I was strangely attracted to her in a way I had never felt for a girl before. I was confused. If I was attracted to guys, how could I possibly be attracted to a girl? Even if the girl was as sexy as Jess.

For a couple months we were inseparable. Nothing would have ever happened between us, however, if she hadn’t taken the initiative. Certainly, I wouldn’t have.

It was evening. She had come over to my house. We were sitting on the bed when Jessica decided to speak,” Listen, Michelle. We have to talk.”

I looked up at her, intrigued by the unusual seriousness in her voice.

“What about?” 

“There is something you should know about me. I probably should have told you earlier, but I was afraid.”

“Tell me. The suspense is killing me.”

“I am a… I am attracted to girls.”

The word “stunned” is not strong enough to describe how I felt at that moment.

“Does that bother you?” She had trouble getting the words out.

“Why would it?” I replied, getting over my original shock.

"Well you are straight, aren’t you?”

“I don’t think so. I mean… that is to say… I’m not exactly sure.”

“There’s more,” she continued. “There is one girl who I am especially attracted to.”

“Who?” I asked, feeling a stab of jealousy.

“You,” she whispered.

Then, mustering all the courage inside of me, I kissed her square on the mouth. She was startled. As soon as she recovered she returned the kiss.

I had never had a kiss like that before, where I felt like electricity was flowing through me. The kiss was also the sweetest I’d ever had. It lasted for 5 minutes.

At last she broke away. 

“Where did that come from?” she questioned. 

I smiled, ”Well, there is something I probably should have told you earlier. I am really attracted to you and have been since we first met. I’m not a lesbian. I mean, I’m attracted to guys…”

“You’re bisexual. It means you’re attracted to both sexes. ”

“Really? Cool!” 

In answer to that she kissed me, this time sliding her tongue in as well. Suddenly she stopped frenching me and looked at me straight in the eyes, asking, “ How far do you want to go?”

“All the way Jess. Take me through this.”

Without hesitating, she took my shirt off. My pants, bra and panties went after it. As did her clothing. At this point, if she weren’t as willing as she was, I would have begged her to fuck me.

We started making out. I put my hands everywhere: On her thighs, her amazing and fuckable ass, her beautiful C cup breasts, her beautiful pussy; everywhere. The passionate kisses we shared put me on fire. 

Our mouths broke apart. She turned herself around and started licking my pussy. Slowly at first, making sure not to go all the way in, teasing my clit. She would go almost all the way in before she moved her tongue. Jess truly teased me into a frenzy. I pleaded with her to go all the way in. My breathing got heavier and heavier. When she finally put her tongue all the way in I screamed out loud. 

My tongue started exploring her pussy. The taste was incredible! Who knew that pussy tasted so good?! I wanted to eat her out. So I did. 

When I reached orgasm I screamed again. She did the same a few seconds after. It took a while for us to calm down again, especially for me. Half an hour later we fell asleep in each other’s arms.

We have been lovers for almost three months now. My family knows about it, but no one else does (they might guess though). We do everything together. We read, talk, eat each other out, and other usual girl-to-girl stuff. I love her very much and she loves me back. Love is a funny thing. It can be beautiful, but only if it is both-sided. Especially when you've fallen in-love with an angel.