 PERSPECTIVE: MAYA

SETTING: RACHEL'S BEDROOM

I met her, oh, say four, five years ago- or at least that's when I noticed her for the first time. We played softball together, or against each other nevertheless for most of our early and late teenage years. And every Saturday I'd see her, and I'd see that beautiful warming smile, and that intoxicating, vanilla perfume scented, long blonde hair. And suddenly, just by seeing there she made me better. Even though I never played on her team and never went to her school, somehow we became close anyway. 

And even after softball season ended, I still made sure to see her every Saturday. And of course, Saturday's were the best days of the week; even if I had to go to hell and back throughout the week, those Saturday's were so worth it. And then there was that one Saturday, this particular one, when everything changed. 

I didn't really understand why she asked me to go to that party. Rachel was a year-older than me, and no doubt she did not need me to get in; one look at her piercing blue eyes and perky B-cup tits and she could get anything wanted from basically everyone, including me. 

So when she asked me to take her to my ex-boyfriend, Matt's, party, I couldn't say no. I broke up with Matt because he wanted my virginity, and I wasn't willing to give it to him... Later that day I caught him cheating on me with some Emily girl who was able to give him what he wanted from me. 

That was two years ago, we're friendly now I guess I could say- he keeps chasing me and saying how he needs me back, but I'm with Brandon now, and there were always thoughts of Rachel that were creeping into my mind. 

"Come on Maya, please." Rachel asked as we were sprawled out on her couch watching whatever garbage was playing. "Let's just go it'll be fun," she pouted and curled her lower lip as I tried not to look into her eyes knowing she'd have me. 

"I don't know Rach, it's Matt's house... And everyone will be drunk, I just don't trust him." I said "or myself," I muttered quietly under my breath. 

"Come on May, firstly I'm gonna be there and you know I'd never let anything happen to you. And Brandon's going to be there so it's not like he'd let Matt pull anything." 

"I know but, well... It's Brandon too." I said with a whisper.

"What? I thought you guys were great?" Rachel said her tone becoming less argumentative and more concerned. Then she became red in the face screaming, "Did he cheat on you? Because if he did I'm going to go beat his ass right now," Rachel said picking up her phone and typing rapidly.

"No- come on Rachel, it's just... Well we've been together for like eight months now, and Ben says that he's expecting..." I sighed looking my best friend in her blue eyes, "Rachel, you know I want to save my virginity until I find someone I really love. I mean someone I would do anything for. And I know it sounds stupid, it must, but I just want it to be special." I replied. 

"Aw May, come here." She said scooting over and pulling me in for a hug as a single tear dripped down my face, "Hey," she said whipping away my tears with her fingers and picking up my head "If he only wants sex from you, he's missing the real prize; you..." She said rolling her eyes, "Come on May, , I love you, you know that, you're the best friend I've ever had. And I won't let him near you if he tries to pull anything, just say the word." She said pulling me back in for another hug. And it was in her arms that I really did feel safe.

-

PERSPECTIVE: RACHEL 

SETTING: RACHEL'S BEDROOM

So I finally got Maya to agree to go to Matt's party with me. I just love everything about her, I love her smile, I love how confident she is, I mean world could be falling apart and she'd hold herself together for everyone else who needed her to be strong. I love how she will always be there for you, whenever you need it. When I was sloppy drunk and I lost my virginity to Max on Halloween last year she was on the phone with me all night. When I thought I was pregnant she came to a gynecologist with me and held my hand the whole time. Really, there's no one who could ever replace her. I'm always so worried about her, she's gorgeous but she doesn't see it, she has no idea that I see it either. I really do love nothing more than her seemingly pin-straight hair and curvy, but athletic body finished with D cup tits. And the thing I love most about her is how she doesn't see the way everyone looks at her - myself included.

-

PERSPECTIVE: MAYA

SETTING: RACHEL'S BEDROOM

Rachel eventually convinced me to go Matt's and we showered and changed. When she came out of the shower she simply dropped her towel, I've seen her naked before, but the effect never goes away; seeing her precious body, and secretly sucking in the air from the room because I feel like I can't breathe, that feeling never stops. With water droplets dripping down her perfectly tanned skin I couldn't keep my eyes off her. 

"Hmm, somebody's into my body," Rachel said laughing. 

"Oh sorry," I said woken from a daze, "I'm just zoning out," I said dropping my towel as Rachel laughed. 

"Ugh it's so unfair you have huge tits May,"

"Shut up Rachel you're gorgeous and you know it, you're just fishing," I said laughing as Rachel sighed and started to get dressed. "So, now that you and Max are done, are you looking for someone new.?

"Eh, I don't know. You know me, my sex drive says yes but I don't want to have to deal with the stress of a relationship right now. 

-

PERSPECTIVE: RACHEL 

SETTING: RACHEL'S BEDROOM

The minute, no, the millisecond I said that I regretted it. Of course I wanted a relationship, of course I wanted something more than just sex, but not from anyone other than her. 

"I didn't mean it like that, come on you know what I meant," I said. 

"Yeah, I mean. I get why you'd want no strings attached, sometimes you just need a fix."

"I guess I just don't want to put everything into someone who I don't really care about." I replied. 

"Yeah... I guess it's that way with me and Brandon. I like him, I mean I do - I wouldn't be fooling around with him if I didn't, but I could never be in love with him or anything." 

"Wait, you don't love Brandon?" I said with a little more enthusiasm than I should have. 

"Come on Rachel, you know me better than that."

"Yeah, I mean you just seem so happy with him," I investigated. 

"I don't know - whatever it doesn't matter. Let's just go," 

-

PERSPECTIVE: MAYA 

SETTING: MATT'S BEDROOM

We got to Matt's house and the first person to come and talk to me was Brandon. "Mm, babe you look goooood, tonight," he said slurring his words and with a drink in his right hand and his left hand starting to grope my ass. He leaned in and kissed me continuing to try to make out with me in front of everyone at the party. 

"Come on Brandon save it for later" I said pushing him off me. 

"May, you're so uptight, killing me- I'm gonna get you a drink, you need to loosen up," He said nodding at Rachel and walking off. 

Rachel looked at me and we both started hysterically laughing. Everything about her laugh, the way her chest rose and fell, and her smile, the brightness in her eyes, well it just made me want her more. 

We followed Brandon into the kitchen as he gave both of us drinks and I quickly downed mine but Rachel just sipped it slowly. Out of the corner of my eye I saw Matt and Brett walk towards us. 

"May, hey!" Matt practically shouted, coming up and hugging me. 

"Hey Matt," I muttered downing another cup that Brandon was refilling. 

"Who's your friend?" Brett said winking at me, and I rolled my eyes.

"Rachel- nice to meet you," she said with one of her dazzling smiles. 

"Can I get you another drink?" Brett asked

"I'm good," she said

"May?" 

"Yeah..." I said as Brett got me another beer and the guys started talking about their basketball game. 

-

PERSPECTIVE: RACHEL 

SETTING: MATT'S HOUSE

As the night went on Maya kept drinking and that annoying Brett just kept flirting with me. But the only one I could look at was Maya, the light was hitting her hair perfectly and she was glowing. I kept avoiding Matt and Brett's attempts to get me drunk, because Maya was drinking a ton. The guys were all caught up in some football argument, 

"You okay?" I asked Maya. 

"Yeah, of course, why?" she answered. 

"I don't know, you're drinking a lot," I said laughing. 

"Come on Rach - you know I'm not a lightweight like you," she said as we both laughed. "So, Brett? 

"No way," I said laughing. "He sounds more like a desperate puppy then someone who wants to hook up. 

"Ugh true," she said putting her head on my shoulder. I saw Brandon whisper something to Matt as Matt smiled. 

"Truth or dare Rachel?" Matt said 

"Dare," I said. 

"I dare you to kiss someone here," he said, winking at Brett, as Maya and I rolled our eyes. 

-

PERSPECTIVE: MAYA

SETTING: MATT'S HOUSE

She kissed me. And this time she wasn't drunk. She knew what she was doing and she kissed me. But what she didn't know is how it felt. It was electrifying, everything about her felt right, he hands on my body felt right. And when we broke apart I could only suck in the air to stop myself from kissing her again. 

-

PERSPECTIVE: RACHEL

SETTING: MATT'S HOUSE

That kiss wasn't like one of the times we'd kissed when we were sloppy drunk. It was intoxicating, the second our mouths met my clit began to throb and I just wanted to kiss her forever. When she pulled out, all I could think is how I wanted to kiss her again, and again, and again. 

"Sorry Brandon," I said as everybody laughed. I was worried things would be awkward with myself and Maya now, but it was so worth it. I'd do anything to kiss her again. She winked at me, giving me a reassuring look and what previously seemed like my stopped heart began to beat again. It was late then, Brandon was getting pretty handsy with May, and no one really cared at this point - too drunk or too horny. 

"Matt, can I?" Brandon asked his best friend. 

"Yeah it's all you man." He said as he began to lead Maya off into Matt's bedroom. I couldn't keep my eyes off of her and her boyfriend, just wishing she'd let me give her what really she needs. 

-

PERSPECTIVE: MAYA

SETTING: MATT'S BEDROOM

Brandon and I began to make out, and he pushed me on to the bed laying on top of me. He began to kiss my neck and took of my shirt, as we made out. He kept moving downward, his hand on my clothed pussy, making me wetter and wetter. I threw off his shirt and he still struggled to undo my bra, as I sighed. He laughed, finally unclipping it, as he attacked my nipples and biting down on them. I moaned as his hand reached the zipper of my jeans carefully undoing it, and taking my pants off, as well as his own jeans. He inserted a finger into my hole, fingering fucking me just the way I liked it, and I couldn't help but moan. 

"Ugh Brandon, don't stop," I said as he circled my clit with his hand and pushed two more fingers inside me. 

-

PERSPECTIVE: RACHEL

SETTING: MATT'S LIVING ROOM

Matt started was waved over by the girl he was with, leaving me and Brett on the couch. We kept talking, but my mind was on Maya, and I couldn't help but be worried. Suddenly Brett had his hand on my thigh and was moving up and up, and I quickly pushed him off me. 

"Brett, stop, come on." I said completely uninterested. 

"Rachel, don't play hot and cold with me," he said trying to kiss me. I was about to hit him when a hand came from behind and pushed him off of me. I looked up to see Ben behind me, 

"She said no man, just go, come on Brett, I don't wanna have to beat you up, but I will for her," Ben said winking at me. Brett quickly scurried off muttering an apology, as I got up and hugged Ben.

"Thanks," I said. 

"No worries Rachel, I got you're back," he said laughing as we caught up, talking about everything from his music to my acting and our families. 

"So where's Maya? You two are always together" He asked.

"She went off with Brandon," I said sighing. 

"Ah," Ben said, "I've never liked that guy, and as her best friend, I guess I should've said something,"

"Yeah, me either. But you've been in love with her since freshman year," I said. 

"What?" He said 

"Come on Ben, I know you too well. 

"I guess you do," he said sighing. "But she'll never be interested in me." He said.

"I know the feeling," I said comforting him- but suddenly I heard Brandon and Maya yelling at each other through the walls. 

Ben and I both got up at the same time, rushing towards the yelling. He tried to turn the doorknob to find it was like. 

"Brandon, I swear to God, open this door or I'm going to break it down," I yelled. After a considerable amount of yelling from everyone, he finally walked out, and Ben pushed him against a wall.

"What the fuck did you try to pull?" he yelled. 

"Doesn't matter, I'm out of this bullshit," He said pushing Ben off of him and walking out of the house. I rushed in to Maya, seeing she was crying and hugged her immediately. 

"Are you okay?" I said refusing to let go of her. Ben's head peaked in the door but I waved him off and he retreated back. 

"Yeah, I'm okay," she said as I hugged her tighter," 

"What happened," I asked. 

"He tried to get me to have sex with him, and I wouldn't so he got mad. So I broke up with him, and he just got more upset."

"Hey, it's not your fault, let's just get out of here." I said as she grabbed her clothes and got dressed, my eyes still devouring the sight of her perfect body, and we left the room immediately. I spotted Ben on the way out who stopped me. 

"Is she okay?" he asked.

"I'll call you tomorrow," I said giving him a hug. 

"Take care of her- please," He said

"I'm not gonna let our girl get hurt."

"You're not wrong Rachel- I really do love her,"

"I know... Me too." 

-

PERSPECTIVE: MAYA

SETTING: TAXI

I kept Rachel close as we navigated the streets finding a taxi as she gave the driver her address. "Are you okay?" she asked holding on to my hand. 

"Yeah, I'm fine. You guys came just in time."

"It's my fault May, , you didn't want to come, I made you."

"Rachel it's not your fault at all, you were there for me. And I could never be mad at you." 

"I love you." She said. 

"I love you too Rach. 

-

PERSPECTIVE: RACHEL

SETTING: TAXI

"I mean it Maya, I really do love you." I said. 

"Love you too Rachel," she said laying her head on my chest. I couldn't help but sigh, as I thought that she would never love me the way I loved her. 

"Ben really is in love with you Maya," I said with another long drawn out sigh. 

"I know," she said quietly, not looking at me. 

"He'd do anything for you..." I said. Of course, she wasn't in to me. Everything I thought about us was just an illusion I created in my head about us. 

"I know." She said 

"So why aren't you with him May," 

"Because I'm in love with someone else," she simply said. 

"Who? May, he really loves you,"

"You," She said turning and looking me in the eye with a tear dripping down her face. I looked her in to her deep inebriating eyes, and I kissed her for the second time that night. And at that moment, everything else that was wrong in my life, suddenly just didn't matter. The warmth of her body pressed against mine in the back of the taxi was a feeling I wanted to hold on to forever. 

-

PERSPECTIVE: MAYA

SETTING: RACHEL'S BEDROOM

When we got back to Rachel's house we went into her room just as we always would after a party, but this time I was just nervous. I'd dreamed of this moment for so long, but now I could barley feel my hands as she held them in her own. When the door closed she kissed me slowly at first, but then groped my ass, whispering in my ear, 

"I've waited so long for this,"

"Me too," I moaned, as my best friend pushed me down on her bed and got on top of me the way she knew I liked it. She threw off my shirt and expertly unhooked my bra, attacking my nipples, 

"Ugh, Rachel, don't stop I moaned, as she kissed me hard on the lips, our tongues attacking each other and our bodies pressed together. I took of her shirt and bra, knowing she was always self-conscious about her chest, but I was stupefied by her beauty. 

"Rachel, you're the most beautiful girl I've ever known, and I really am in love with you," I whispered. 

"I love you too May, , more than you know." She said as I kissed her beautiful b-cup tits, and my hands wandered beneath the waistband of her leggings, pulling them off. 

-

PERSPECTIVE: RACHEL

SETTING: RACHEL'S BEDROOM

Maya pulled off my leggings and thong, and I carefully unbuttoned and unzipped her jeans, and pulled off her Victoria Secret lace panties. She inserted a finger into my dripping wet hole, finding my g-spot with ease, and finger fucking me slowly, with her thumb circling my clit. 

"Mm, May, , don't fucking stop," I said as she laughed and shoved her tongue into my pussy, while continuing to simulate my throbbing clit, and I felt an electric current through my fingers, as she continued to finger fuck my hot pussy. She kept licking my clit and I no longer had control of my own body, my hips bucking off the bed, and constant moans escaping my mouth. I felt my orgasm building inside me while Maya continued to fuck my g-spot and my breath shortened and I managed to whisper "I'm close."

"Come on Rachel, tell me what you need," 

"Maya, please, please babe."

"What do you want me to do Rachel?" she asked with a sly smile, 

"Make me come Maya, please!" I practically screamed, as she kissed me hard and pushed her own body against mine, using three fingers to fuck me, as her hot breath sent me over the edge. "I love you Maya, I really fucking do". I said kissing her softly on the lips before pushing her down and kissing from her neck down all the way down her perfect body, finally reaching her pussy, and I attacking it with my tongue. I flicked my tongue across her clit, and used two fingers to fuck her g-spot. 

"More," she muttered as I inserted two more fingers into her dripping hole and kept circling her clit. "Ugh, Rachel..." she moaned as I fisted her hole as she rode out her orgasm, practically screaming. I took my fingers out of her hole keeping my thumb and index finger working on her clit, as I reached in to the drawer next to my bed. Pulling out my double-ending dildo, I carefully inserted it into her bodacious pussy, as she helped me settle the other end inside myself. 

"Damn Rachel, I didn't know you thought about this." She said 

"It's a fourteen inch," I muttered before shifting my body and pushing a few more inches into her. 

"Oh, fuck Rachel," she said as the dildo completely disappeared between the two of us and our pussies were pushed together.

"Just let me show you what you've been missing," I said with a sly smile, rotating my hips and grinding our pussies together.

"Oh my fucking god," She moaned as I fucked her, she tilted her head back and her eyes were closed as I picked up the pace as she tensed up and orgasm rippled through her. 

"Ugh Rachel," She moaned as we both sighed and I took the dildo out of our dripping pussies, and put it on my desktop, falling back into bed with the girl I loved. 

"I love you Maya, I really do..." 

"I love you too Rachel," she said kissing me. We just laid there, our naked bodies pressed together, and she we fell asleep in each others arms.