 Now I know what you all are thinking. Did I make a move on Jessica? 

Well, no I didn't but that doesn't mean it was easy resisting temptation. I mean, every feeling in my body intensified with the fact that her body was pressed against mine. And that smell of vanilla...it was intoxicating. I wanted to lick every inch of her body just to see if she tasted the same as her scent.

Eventually, my conscious kicked in and reminded me that I was married. I jumped out of the bed and went to the bathroom before I did something stupid.

"I have to use the bathroom." I said, quickly leaving the room.

I was now in the bathroom mirror telling myself over and over that I'm married and she's the surrogate. I was totally confused. I mean, was this one of god's sick and twisted tests? Have I already failed?

I then heard a knock on the door. "Are you okay in there?"

"Yeah, I'm just finishing up."

To my surprise, Jess open the door and walked in. She didn't say anything. She set on the counter and looked at me.

"Amina, you don't have to pretend that me being a lesbian and attracted to you isn't a problem. I can see that you're freaked out and I won't be offended if you want to sleep in one of the guest rooms."

I walked over to her and lean't in rather closely and began to speak. 

"Jess, how could you possibly think that? Like I said before, I have no problem with you being a lesbian or even you being attracted to me. And yes, I'm freaked out but the problem is that I'm attracted to you. Every second I'm with you, I fall deeper in love with you. I can't even be near you without wanting to rip your fucking clothes off. So trust me, you are not the problem. I am."

I then kissed her. And it wasn't just a peck on the lips. It was like my first time kissing someone I really loved. It was like the first time for everything.

The feel of her smooth lips gliding between mine was confirmation that I was really in love with this woman.

Our kiss deepened and she slipped her tongue in my mouth. I sucked it further into my mouth then gently bit on the bottom of her lip. 

She moaned and gently pushed me away, realizing what we both were doing.

"We can't do this." She said, breathlessly.

"I know, I know. I shouldn't have kissed you. I wasn't thinking straight. I'm sorry." I said panicking.

"Don't be sorry. I wanted to kiss you. I'm in love with you Amina but we can't do this. It isn't fair to anyone of us."

"I know."

That was all a few weeks ago. Jess and I agreed to spend less time together and only call when it's concerning the pregnancy; that didn't last. We thought it was the best idea but that didn't put an end to the way I feel about her.

We talked over the phone every other day. She often tell me about her morning sickness and her new daily routine since she took a leave of absence at work.

I tell her about new clients I took on and how "interesting" they were. I'm a massage therapist. I pretty much just go to my client's house and work from there. It's fun for me. I get to do something I love and make my own hours.

Jess and I talk about everything. We're really trying to work on a friendship.

She even asks about about Adrian and how things are going between us.

It's going good but of course he works a lot. He owns a construction company and he's working on expanding so it takes up a lot of his time. 

We've been together since we were seventeen. Although, we've known each other since elementary. Back then, he was a pain in my ass but something changed between us when we hit puberty. He was the first guy I allowed to touch me. I had never been so comfortable with a man. He was my first everything. 

I feel horrible because the way I felt about him is nothing compared to the way I feel about Jess. I've considered that maybe I get lonely when Adrian isn't around and Jessica is the easiest target to emotionally attach to. But even when I'm with Adrian, I still think of her.

I can't forget the way her lips felt against mine and how her body felt pressed tightly against me. It's impossible to forget.

"Hey babe. I got some good news and bad news." Said Adrian.

"Okay, tell me the good news first."

"I found another space I can use to help expand the company."

"Are you serious? That's great. You've been talking about this forever." I said excitingly.

"Yeah I know but the bad new is that I'll be gone for the weekend to New York."

"I'm proud of you babe but you're barely home as is and you're talking about leaving for a weekend out of state. That's great." I said sarcastically.

"I know but I promise when I get back I'll spend more time with you."

"Promise?"

"Pinky swear." He said.

I smiled. We've always pinky sweared since we were kids.

"Okay but what am I suppose to do alone for a whole weekend?"

"Spend time with Jessica. Make sure she's taking care of our baby." He said with his stern voice.

"Yes sir." I chuckled.

"So I leave in the morning. What do you want to do tonight?"

"Honestly, I just want to cuddle and watch some TV with you. Is that okay with you?"

"Of course."

We fell asleep cuddling.

The next morning, I woke up and Adrian was getting ready for his flight.

"Good morning babe. How did you sleep?"

"I slept good. You want me to take you to the airport?"

"No, I want you to relax babe."

"I know but I just...."

"You just what?"

"I kind of don't want you to leave, that's all."

"I'm going to miss you too. It's only a weekend. I'll be back Monday morning."

"I know."

"I have to get going so come over here and give your husband a kiss."

I smiled as I made my way over to him. He looked good in his suit.

We kissed while he grabbed my ass. "I'll be thinking about you." He said with a naughty smirk.

I laughed and called him a perv.

"I love you."

"I love you too, bye."

"Bye babe."

When Adrian left, I got in the shower. I was sad that he was gone. I think a part of me was sad because he wasn't here to motivate me. He didn't know it but him coming home every night was motivation to stay away from Jessica. 

Now that he's gone, I'm struggling with the fact that I want to go and be with her. In reality, we can only ever be friends.

I wasn't sure if I should call her to see if she was up to hanging out this weekend. I thought it would be too tempting but I called her after I got out of the shower.

"Hey Jess. Umm...do you want to hang out this weekend? Adrian is out of town for business and I thought it would be nice if we just spent time together."

"Yeah, that's cool. My aunt is coming over today. I want you to meet her if that's okay with you?"

"Are you kidding? I would love to meet your aunt. I'll be over there later. I only have one client today."

"Okay, I'll see you later."

"Bye."

I got off the phone and got ready for work. Today, work was a little difficult. My client was an ass. He was the cocky, arrogant type. During the entire massage, he constantly moved around as he argued on the phone with someone. I was never so happy to leave a client's house.

After that I went straight to Jess's house. When I got there, her aunt was already there. 

"Amina this is my aunt, Lorie. Aunt Lorie this is Amina."

"Hi, nice to meet you young lady." Said the older looking version of Jessica.

"Nice to meet you as well."

"I made dinner." Jess interrupted by guiding us to the kitchen.

"It smells great Jess."

"Have you had my niece's cooking Amina? She makes the best chicken alfredo."

"No, at least not yet." I said looking at Jess.

She smiled. "Well lucky for you two, that's exactly what I cooked. I know you love it aunt."

We all set at the table and began to eat and talk. 

"You're right, Jess can really cook. This is amazing."

"Thanks." Said Jess as she watched me eat her delicious food.

"So Amina, where are you from?"

"Oh please don't start interrogating her aunt."

"I just want to get to know her more. You are carrying a baby for her. Don't I have the right to ask a few questions?"

"It's okay. I'm from here, Long Beach, California."

"What do you do for a living?"

"I'm a massage therapist."

"Sounds interesting. So how was your childhood growing up?"

"I'm sorry Amina, my aunt here is a psychologist. She likes to pick people's brain."

I laughed and assured them both that it was okay.

"I grew up a pretty happy, healthy kid. Although, I was the only child. My parents made sure I was always socially involved with other kids. My parents are also still married. They moved to Florida when I went off to college. And that's about it."

"What about your husband?"

"Actually, we grew up together. We met in elementary school and we were always friends. We started dating our junior year in high school and got married right after college."

"What about his family?" She asked getting more interested with my life.

"Well he has a big family. He has two brothers and two sisters. They moved here when he was three years old. You see, his family is originally from Panama."

"That's great."

"Are you done interrogating her?"

"Again, I was not interrogating her. I just wanted to get to know her a little bit."

Jess and I laughed.

A few hours went by and we were now saying bye to her aunt.

"Your aunt is a handful."

"Yeah, tell me about it. She acts like she's my mother."

"Well, you two definitely look the part."

"Yeah, she's my mom's twin."

"Cool, so how was that growing?" I asked curiously.

"She thought about it before speaking. "It was great up until I was fifteen."

"What happen when you were fifteen?"

"I came out to my family and friends. Everyone accepted me, except my mom. My dad tried to keep us "together" but once he died, she stopped talking to me completely. My aunt, Lorie was more like my mom anyways."

"Wow." Was all I could say.

"C'mon lets play a game. I feel like I'm always giving you some sob story."

"Don't think that." I said.

"Want to play charades?" She asked, clearly hiding the pain she felt from the previous subject.

"Okay you start."

"Okay, you have to guess who I am. Stand up." She demanded.

She wrapped her arms around me and mocked, "I'm so scared of thunder. Who am I?" She laughed.

"That's definitely not me. From what I remember, I grabbed you like this." I demonstrated by gripping my hands firmly on her waist.

She looked at my hands and then into my eyes. We stood there looking at each other. I wanted to kiss those lips again but I decided to leave and go home.

"I have to go." I said, taking my hands off of her.

"Yeah, it's getting late."

"Do you want to spend the night over my house tomorrow?" I quickly regretted asking her that. It just slipped out.

"Umm yeah." She said a little hesitant by the idea.

We said our goodbyes and I went home.

When I got home, I panicked. How am I going to get through a night with her here, alone? God, why did I ask her to spend the night? I'm setting myself up for failure.

I tossed and turned all night. In the morning, I woke up and went for a run for the first time. I needed to do something to clear my mind.

Once I got back, I showered and found something quick to eat. I was half way upstairs when the doorbell ranged. I hurried back down the stairs and headed toward the door.

I opened the door and was shocked by what I saw. Well, I wasn't necessarily shocked. More like amazed.

"I'm sorry, Should I have called before coming over?" She asked nervously due to my reaction.

"No, sorry. You just look really pretty."

"Thanks, so do you."

"Sorry, come in." I said realizing she was still standing outside.

"Wow, your house is just as big as mine and you always give me so much crap about how big mine is."

"Okay, mine is not that big compared to yours and plus you're completely alone in that big palace of yours."

"Yeah Yeah." She said smiling at me.

"Here, let me take your bag." I said, grabbing the thick strap from her shoulder.

"Okay, umm...where's the bathroom?" She asked in a weird tone.

"It's upstairs. The first door on the right. Are you feeling okay?"

"I just feel a little nauseous." She said as she quickly made her way upstairs.

She disappeared up the stairs and I followed her to make sure she was okay. The bathroom door was cracked open and I made my way in.

She was vomiting and I rushed to her and pulled her hair back. When she stopped vomiting, she took a deep breath to recover.

"Being pregnant is fun." She said sarcastically.

"I can tell." I joked.

I then handed her a cup of mouth wash.

"Thanks."

"No problem." I said, rubbing her back for comfort.

"Better?" I asked.

"Yeah but I think I should go back home and rest. I didn't expect to get sick as soon as I got here."

"No, you can just rest here until you feel better. Mommy will take care of you." I joked.

"I guess I'm being the big baby this time."

"You're not being a baby. You're just pregnant with one. Plus, I kind of like you being the vulnerable one this time." I laughed.

"You're weird."

"I know. So do you think you can make it to the bed or do you need mommy to carry the little baby?"

"You wouldn't really carry me, would you?"

"I'll do whatever you want me to. If you want me to carry you, I will." I said, suddenly serious.

She looked at me for a minute and said, "That's okay, I can walk."

"Okay, follow me."

I walked her to the guest room.

"Here is your room. If you need anything else, just let me know." I said walking towards the door to leave.

"Amina?"

"Yeah?"

"Can you stay and talk to me until I fall asleep?"

"Yeah, of course."

We both climbed into bed. She was lying on her back, looking at the ceiling while I lie facing her.

"So what's your favorite thing to do?" I asked, trying to make conversation.

"I love horseback riding."

"Me too. I haven't been in a long time. We should go together sometime."

"Yeah, that'll be fun. What's your favorite color?" She asked.

"You're not going to believe me when I tell you."

"Try me."

"Okay...it's the color of your eyes."

She was now looking at me as I continued to speak. "Emerald green. It has always been my favorite color since I was a kid. I think it's the most beautiful color there is."

"Do you purposely try to make me blush?" She asked, looking tired by the second.

"No, I'm just being honest." I said, looking at her slowly fall asleep.

"You know what I like?"

"What's that?"

"Your dimples. They're so adorable." She smiled as she drifted off to sleep.

I watched her sleep. She looked so peaceful. I was afraid that if I moved, she would wake up so I just laid there, watching her until I fell asleep.

We slept for what seems like days. I woke up cuddling her. My arm was wrapped around her while she held my hand to her chest.

I kissed her neck and suddenly felt her heartbeat speed up.

"You're awake, aren't you?"

"Yeah, you kind of woke me up with that kiss." She said, turning to face me.

She was now even closer than before.

"How did you sleep?" I asked, trying to ignore the fact that she was super close.

"It was the best sleep I've gotten in a while."

"Good, how do you feel?"

Her stomach answered before she did with a loud growl. "Hungry, apparently."

We laughed.

"I guess I have to feed you, huh?"

"Yeah, that's usually how these things work. Number one rule is to always feed your guest."

"Well, c'mon. I'll cook you something."

"Woah...wait, can you cook?" She asked playfully.

"Yes and I'm insulted that you would even ask."

"Sorry, what are you cooking?"

"I don't know yet. I guess it'll be a surprise so you can't come in the kitchen until I'm done."

"Where am I suppose to go?"

"I don't care where you go in this house, as long as you don't enter the kitchen." I repeated as I went to get started on the food.

Once I was in the kitchen, I contemplated on what I was going to cook. Then an idea hit me and I began making dinner.

I was now done and preparing our plates when Jess comes walking in the kitchen.

"Sorry, I was bored."

"You're lucky I'm done." I laughed.

"Smells good. What are we having?"

"Parmesan crusted tilapia and mashed potatoes. And I threw in some broccoli. You need your veggies." I said like I was a mother talking to her child.

"Lucky for you, I like my veggies." She said childishly.

We laughed and talked. I always enjoy talking to her and getting to know more about her. She's a strong woman. She's been through a lot. 

I never thought it was possible to be deeply in love with someone and fall deeper every time I'm with that person. How deep can love really be? Then again, I guess love has no limits.

Jess and I finish eating and started washing the dishes. I dropped my fork and it slid under the refrigerator. 

I got down on my knees and bent over to get it when I heard Jess ask, "Is that a tattoo?"

"No." I said, quickly getting up off the floor.

"You liar. Let me see."

"No it's hideous."

"So why did you get it?"

"I got it when I was sixteen. I was mad at my mom because she wouldn't allow me to get one so I snuck out and got one anyway. I didn't want her to see it so I got it right above my ass."

"C'mon, let me see?" She asked, laughing at the story I just told her.

"Fine." I said, turning around so she could have a look.

She came up behind me and slowly pulled my shirt up slightly. She stuck her fingers in the waistband of my shorts and lowered my panties just enough to see the full tattoo.

"It's cute." She said as she ran her finger across the inked part of my ass. That really turned me on.

She then let go of my panties and they snapped back into place. The sound of that was my breaking point.

I turned around and kissed her. I could feel her briefly hesitate so I pushed her to the counter, never breaking the kiss.

She moaned so I slid my hand between her thighs and stuck two fingers deep in her pussy. I could feel her stop breathing and she held onto me tightly. 

I then looked at her. Her mouth was wide open, in shock from my bold behavior. She looked at me and I slowly slid my fingers out of her pussy.

The look on her face was intense and sexy. I pushed my fingers back in her as I watched her reaction. 

She took a deep breath and closed her eyes. I kissed her more softly this time. We played with each other's tongue while I played with her pussy.

She was wet from the moment I first stuck my fingers in her. Now she was dripping wet.

She started moaning louder when I began to rub her clit. 

I felt she was close to coming so I pulled down her shorts and panties, dropped to my knees and grabbed her ass, pulling her pussy to my hungry mouth. I licked and sucked on her clit like I've done it a million time before.

She came in my mouth. I then licked every inch of her pussy until she recovered from her orgasm. She tasted so good.

She pulled me up and pushed me into the stove. She turned me around so I wasn't facing her and dipped her hand down my panties. She took one finger and slid it into my pussy.

I gasped and she took her finger out. I watched her hand as it made its way to her mouth.

"You taste so fucking good." She said, after licking her finger clean.

I tried to turn around but she grabbed both of my hands and put them on each side of the stove.

"Stay still." She demanded in a sexy tone.

I smiled at the fact of how I quickly went from dominate to submissive.

Next, I felt her warm tongue on my neck as her hands roamed all over my body. She was teasing me.

"Lift your arms." She said, now taking off my shirt.

She ran her tongue down my back and kissed the rest of the way down to my tattoo. Now she was lowering my shorts.

At that moment, I stopped breathing.

Now my shorts were completely off. She grabbed my hips to turn me towards her.
