 A few days later my friend Jason called. He was the one who had introduced me to Amanda. After the usual Hi's and pleasantries he told me his reason for calling.

"This is a bit awkward," he said. "'Cause I don't know if you go for this kind of thing, but Amanda's been asking about you. She says she'd like to get to know you better."

"In what way?" I ask, though his voice was dripping with innuendo.

"Well I think we're talking about something other than friendship," he stated, "that's the impression I got, although she didn't actually say that herself."

We chatted about it a while longer and I explained that although I'd never walked that path before I wanted to try, and that I did kind of have the hots for her. We agreed that he should give her my number, said goodbye and hung up.

I leaned back on the couch rehashing all my fantasies of the last few days; I'd never fantasized about real people before, only ones I invented. The thought of actually enacting these fantasies made my pussy come alive, soaking the crotch of my jeans instantly. I headed towards the bathroom, deciding that I really should trim my pubic hair again in case there was any action in the next few days. As I was about to step into the shower the phone rang. I sighed and headed naked towards the phone. As I answered I heard a woman's voice shyly saying...

"Hi, is this Kat?"

"This is she" I responded. It was her. Her voice sent shivers down my spine and my free hand automatically headed for my pussy as I fingered myself while we talked.

"Hi, this is Amanda..." she hesitated, as if unsure of what to say next. "I... I've never done this before" she stammered. "But I was wondering if you wanted to get together sometime?"

"Get together??" I asked.

"Yeah, for coffee or something."

"Sure," I said, realizing I had probably just passed the point of no return.

We arranged to meet at a local coffee shop that very evening. We said goodbye and I checked the clock. It was 3pm, I had five hours to prepare myself. I had no idea if she intended anything to happen that night, but I figured it was best to be ready. I jumped into the shower and shaved my legs, trimming more than usual along my bikini line. I wanted to look real good. I selected my outfit... Tight black jeans, no panties, I've never really felt a need to wear panties, A lacy black bra and a black velvet top. I finished off the ensemble with Black lace up boots and dark glasses. I checked myself in the mirror, I looked pretty good, I just hoped she liked black.

At 8pm I strutted into the coffee shop. Amanda was already there, I joined her at her table, and then went to grab a coffee. The evening got off to a flying start, we chatted, small talk at first, then we discovered we both had a liking for vampires. Eventually the talk turned personal. I found out that she'd never been with a woman either, but was also bi-curious. As the conversation hotted up I felt the sexual tension between us increasing. As the coffee shop closed I invited her back to my place for... what else... Coffee. It was a really silly suggestion and she picked up on my mistake immediately. It was obvious neither of us had any intention of drinking more coffee that evening.

As we arrived at my house I set the mood with soft lighting and grabbed a bottle of wine from the fridge, pulling off my boots to ease my aching feet. We settled down on the sofa and soon the conversation turned to my video collection. I mentioned that I owned some porn and we threw one in the video player. As the movie started her hand rested lightly on my thigh and we shifted closer together. We drained our wine and turned our attention to the TV.

To fit with the mood of the evening I'd put a lesbian video on. There were three women fondling, sucking and licking each others chest. Hands wandering everywhere. I glanced at Amanda and felt the ache that had arisen in my loins increasing. I could see her nipples standing to attention beneath her flimsy black shirt. She looks up and catches me watching her. The movie is forgotten as we slowly move together for a passionate and lingering kiss.

For a few minutes our tongues entwine, then we part and look at each other. Having a silent conversation with our eyes, as we agree to proceed. Her hand begins to rub my crotch as I unbutton her shirt, revealing a red lace bra. I remove her shirt and my hands travel sensually over her body, finally coming to rest on her pert bosom as we kiss passionately again. I feel for her nipples through the fabric as I began to kiss her ear and nibble gently on her neck. She removes my shirt, momentarily removing my hands from her breasts so I lower my head and suckle on her nipples, gently ant first, then harder, as she lets out small gasps of pleasure. Her hands found my erect nipples and returned the favour.

We spent hours on the couch, exploring each others bodies with our hands and mouths, but both hesitant to move further. We kissed licked sucked and nibbled every exposed inch. Eventually I decided to take the next step. I laid her on the floor and began to give her a back rub, sitting on her butt I massaged her shoulders, gradually moving down her back. Slowly I moved myself backwards until I was kneeling over her knees. I began to massage her butt cheeks and the backs of her thighs, gradually sliding my hands further underneath her skirt, pushing it up at the same time. I run my hands over her inner thighs, she gasps as I brush lightly against her panty clad pussy lips. She wriggles underneath me and turns over onto her back. I push her skirt up more and remove her red lace panties. She sits up wrapping her arms around me and kisses me deeply, our tongues dancing in the darkness. I stood up and offered her my hand, pulling her to her feet I lead her to the bedroom.

We kiss again and she kicks off her shoes. I unzip her skirt, sliding it down she steps out of it. On my knees in front of her I look up to see her shaven lips in front of me, glistening with wetness. I lower her to the bed and she lies back, I pull her forward to the edge of the bed, and dip my head forward toward her sweet aroma. I slide my finger along her slit and raise it to my lips, savoring my first taste of her sweet nectar.

As my tongue explored her hidden assets each gasp and moan that escaped her lips heightened my desire. I flickered my tongue across her erect clit, occasionally dipping into her for another taste. I began to suckle on the hardened nub and gently slid a finger into her as her moans increased and her hips began to buck wildly towards my eager mouth. I slid a second finger into her dripping hole, and sucked harder as she raised her hips, violently grinding herself into my face as wave after wave of pleasure ran through her body.

I joined her on the bed as she kissed me deeply, we curled up together and fell asleep. We awoke shortly after and she returned the pleasures. Needless to say neither of us got much sleep that night.