 My best friend Hannah and I were cleaning up after my 18th birthday party; my parents had gone to bed quite a while ago and the last few of my friends had just left. We cozied up in the arm chairs in the den where beer cans and stogie butts were strewn around; we were polishing off the rest of my triple-layer chocolate cake.

"What do you say, Han, bed time?"

"Yep, Mad, it's about time."

Drunk and high, we washed up and slipped under the covers in my double bed. It was a really hot July night, so we just wore flimsy tank tops and g-strings. 

We were laying half-asleep, both turned toward the center of the bed, when I thought I felt something on my leg. I dismissed it as just Hannah's shifting to get comfortable and continued on drifting off to sleep. 

Shortly after, I felt something a little higher up, more like my thigh. I was starting to get a little suspicious and though I don't much like to admit it, a little curious and aroused.

The next time, I knew she was doing it on purpose. She rolled a little closer to me and "accidentally" grazed her fingertips on my tit. I felt my nipple instantly harden to form a stiff peak on top of my very large areola. I opened my eyes and she appeared to be sleeping soundly, but something told me she was not asleep. I tried my luck and gently started rubbing my foot up against her calf. I felt her stiffen; she knew she was caught.

She opened her eyes and looked straight into mine. I saw deep into her mind; she wanted me just as much as I wanted her. I placed my finger tip gently upon her lower lip and gently caressed it. Hannah replaced her fingertips on my nipple and I could not help but catch my breath this time. She was really turning me on.

My best friend came up even closer to me; close enough so that I could feel body heat emanating from her. I shut my eyes and I felt our lips make contact for the first time. It was like fireworks all over my body and a flood of juice in my cunny. I had never felt anything so amazing; not even the first time I kissed a guy. I wanted to feel more of her... I wanted her now! 

I couldn't help but realise that maybe, all along, this was what had been missing in my sexual life. Perhaps this was why I had felt so sexually deprived for so long, so unsatisfied, so HORNY!! I slowly traced circles around her belly button, making them bigger and bigger, slowly approaching her luscious tits. I had seen her naked before, even admired her perfectly round boobs, but never had I noticed how wet they made me. I felt an incredible heat building and building in my body. I wanted an orgasm by the end of the night, but I wanted to make it good; I wanted this to last.

Hannah was moving a little faster than me. Her hand was already under my shirt and rolling my nipples between her thumb and forefinger, alternating nipples every now and then. I guess she had been practicing on herself, because she certainly knew what she was doing.

I finally reached her voluptuous tits, but decided to prolong still a little longer and to circle her nipples first. Her breasts felt so firm and full, even though they couldn't have been much more than a couple handfuls each. Finally, I reached her nipples and I was a little shocked when she whispered "Oh, Madison, please, suck my titties." I wasn't sure if she was completely aware of what she had just requested, but the idea turned me on, so I decided to give it a try.

I gently flicked the end of my tongue on her little nub and I could hear her breathing rate increase. She was getting really wet too. So I flicked a little harder... breathing still getting faster. I couldn't hold it anymore and plunged my lips down onto her and sucked like a baby. I gently bit, twirled with my tongue and suckled. I couldn't imagine how turned on she must have been, because just making her feel that way was making my cum approach.

After I switched nipples a couple times, Hannah offered to give me the same treatment. I readily agreed and shit, was it ever amazing! Too bad I need clitorical stimulation to cum, otherwise I would have cum six times while she licked and sucked my nubs.

"Hannah, I've been dying to lick cunny. Could I please try on you?"

She looked overjoyed by my offer. She quickly stripped off the g-sting and her tankie while she was at it and lay on her back spread-eagle for me. 

I lowered myself until I was face-to-face with her cunny. To my great surprise, she had gotten a nice brazilian wax and there was only a teeny little mesh of dark black pubies left at the top of her mons. I took in the aroma. It was much like mine, yet it had something distinctive.

I gently flicked the tip of my tongue over the hood of her clitoris and she moaned gently. I licked from her hole all the way to the top and she moaned a little louder. I started flicking her clit like crazy, going in circles, even doing the alphabet. I was lapping up as much of her delicious juices as I could. It was driving her wild!

"Mad, I wanna try too!"

I guess she was ready to cum and wanted to save it, so I gladly switched places with her. I was a little mad that I wasn't clean-shaven but I couldn't really do anything about it now, so I left her up to it.

"Holy shit, Mad! You're SOAKED!!!"

"You make me horny, Han, what can I say?"

She went straight to work on me, fucking me with her tongue. It was GREAT! Not even a guy had ever given me head that well before. I couldn't stop wriggling and touching my nipples. I was REALLY ready to cum!

"OK, I've got one more surprise for you, Mad. It's kinda your birthday present; well, the last part of it."

I was kind of curious, since there was not much else she could give me. She pulled out a package from under the bed. It was nicely wrapped in the same paper as the other gifts she had given me. 

"Here, open it."

I tore open the package in anticipation and what I found inside was something I had only seen in porns (because I had seen soooo many!... anyhow...). It was a big seven inch dildo on what looked like a pair of underwear: a strap-on!

"Look." Hannah was pointing to the inside. "There's a vaginal plug so the girl screwing the other girl is still getting something and also a little clit vibrator. You can also put on the anal plug, but that's a little extreme for me."

"Cool." I was truly amazed by this little contraption. "So who's gonna try first?"

"Your birthday... up to you."

"Well, I haven't gotten laid in a while, so how about you give me a good fucking?"

She readily agreed and strapped it on. She decided to keep the vibrator off for the time being and just plugged her pussy with the short four-inch ribbed jelly plug.

"Aaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhh. Mnnmmmmmmmmm. Oh Han, that feels so much better than a cucumber! Fuck me hard, PLEASE!"

So she did. In and out, in and out. She varied her pace from slow to seemlingly warp speed, as well as her depth, but damn it was the best fuck I had ever had.

Then it was my turn. I strapped it on; I swear, I almost came from all the juices that she had left on the plug. I gently entered her pussy and slowly started pumping in and out. I had never been so turned on. I loved being the one with the phallus. I felt like I was in control, but happy that I was the one delivering Hannah this immense pleasure.

After about a half hour, we were both exhausted, so we decided to stop the action and try to have an orgasm. She suggested 69 and I decided to give it a shot. Maybe now that I was sooooo horny, I would be able to cum from getting head.

Wow, was I ever right! As soon as her tongue came in contact with my hole and licked all the way up, WHOA! I had the best cum in SO long! When I was done convulsing, I did the same to my best friend and she came quickly too.

Glancing at the clock, about three hours had gone by. We snuggled up, holding each other and drifted off to a peaceful sleep... but not before I thought I heard foot steps in the hallway...