 The events of the afternoon had served to sober up Irene and Elaine, but Irene was still well over the driving limit. She would stay the night and drive home in the morning. They all looked forward to bedtime. 

Irenes husband was working away so her eighteen-year-old son, Robert, was at home on his own. She phoned Robert to explain that she could not drive. Robert was of course delighted to have the house to himself.

At nine o'clock after a light meal and some more wine, the kids were put to bed and the grown ups sat around chatting. 

Gavin was doing his best to catch up on the womens intake of alcohol; he was feeling very relaxed, very happy. He closed his eyes to try to index the events of the past couple of days. He was asleep in minutes.

Elaine and Irene sat on a sofa across from Gavin sprawled out in his chair, he was breathing quite heavily through his mouth obviously asleep. The two women looked at him and smiled at each other.

"They just can't take the pace," said Elaine, meaning men in general.

"He went at just the right pace this afternoon," giggled Irene. She looked at Elaine and suddenly felt a huge wave of gratitude. "I want to thank you for this afternoon, sharing your husband like that. It really has been a long time since I had any sort of sex life that involved me enjoying myself. I never imagined being with a woman, but you really pushed all my buttons. I hope I managed to please you a little in that department."

Elaine took her by the hand, "Irene, I had something locked up deep inside, you let it loose today, and for that I will always be grateful. 

I didn't know you were unhappy at home, having had a threesome with Gavin I thought you might have wanted me to return the favour with your husband."

Irene laughed aloud. "My husband! I wouldn't impose that prick on anyone least of all a sweet thing like you."

"I must admit I am relieved, I'm not sure Gavin would be over the moon at the idea."

Irene looked thoughtful for a moment. She knew that Gavin had been attempting to bed Paula behind Elaines back. She was also aware that she had seduced Gavin into oral sex with her also behind Elaines back. She was uncomfortable with the double standards.


"Do you want to have sex with another man?" Irene asked.

"I would never do anything to jeopardise my marriage."

"You mean you would like to but you'd be scared of the consequences."

"I suppose so, I've never seriously considered it, I've never had the opportunity either."

"What if you knew for sure that there would be no come back? No consequences, no way that Gavin would find out."

Elaine got suspicious. "You have something definite in mind. What are you thinking of?"

A wicked grin spread across Irene's face. "Take me to bed. I'll tell you later." She stood up and held out her hand to Elaine.

"What about Gavin?" Elaine asked.

"Wake him if you want to." Irene replied.

Elaine stood and led Irene out of the room, "maybe later" she said.

Irene followed Elaine upstairs to the bedroom. They kissed.

"I'm going to lick your cunt," whispered Irene.

Elaine had never been used to dirty talk, but those words got her juices flowing. 

"I want to finger your arse," she ventured. 

She felt a thrill as the words passed her lips, it was so rude, doubly so as this was a woman that she was about to get into bed with and without her husband knowing. She was sure that Gavin would not mind her and Irene together while he slept. 

The two women kissed some more, their tongues exploring each others mouths, their hands undressing each other. It was not long until they stood totally naked before each other. 

"I could do with a shower," said Irene.

"Me too," said Elaine, "follow me."

She led Irene to the walk-in shower in the bathroom. 

They stood under the water and washed each other, giggling as they each washed the others genitals and bums. They soaped one anothers breasts and fondled each other. 

"You have lovely breasts," said Irene, "I wish mine were as big as yours."

"But you have nice nipples, so long and hard," replied Elaine, leaning down and sucking on Irenes left teat. 

They kissed and fondled each other some more, finally Irene sank to her knees, "turn around," she instructed Elaine. With Elaine now positioned as if for a search, Irene buried her face into her arse crack, breathing deeply through her nose she tongued Elaines lubricating crack. 

Elaine was instantly on the brink of orgasm, "God my vagina is so open. I've got another woman licking my juicy cunt and breathing my arse," she thought. 

"Lick my hole you slut!" The words just popped into her brain and jumped out of her mouth. In response Irene pushed her tongue harder into Elaines red swollen opening. 

"Make me cum you whore!" Elaine pushed her arse back towards Irenes face. 

"Lick my stinky cunt juice you fucking bitch," Elaine just did not care any more, the words were leaving her mouth faster than her brain could check them. The words were turning her on as much as Irenes tongue.

"Sniff my slit you filthy cunt licker." Irene slid her middle finger into Elaines gaping vagina and her index finger past the tight sphincter into her arse. Cunt and bowel instantly gripped them and began convulsing.

"Irene! I'm cumming. I'm cumming. I'm cumming on your fingers." She panted the words as her vagina rippled over Irenes fingers. Her orgasm spasmed through her.

Irene slowly pulled her fingers from Elaines grasping orifices. She planted a kiss on the trembling fleshy arse cheeks in front of her. Elaine straightened up, turned around and kissed Irene; pushing her tongue deep into her lovers mouth, twisting and tickling Irenes own tongue. They broke the kiss.

"That was fantastic," breathed Elaine, "you know I didn't really mean those things don't you?"

"It's OK, when you do it. I'll be your 'dirty cunt licking whore' anytime you want." smiled Irene.

"It's such a turn on for me to talk like that," laughed Elaine.

They climbed out of the shower and rubbed each other dry with big bath towels. 

"Come to bed Irene, I've got something to show you."

They returned to the bedroom and naked they lay on the bed. Elaine caught a glimpse of Irene's glistening red gash as she climbed onto the bed and felt an urge to grab at her.

"What have you got to show me?" asked Irene.

Elaine reached into the drawer of her bedside table and pulled out half a dozen 'toys'.

"Gavin bought these for us but I've only ever used the rabbit." She patted the familiar big pink vibrator that had filled her cunt and rubbed her clit so often. Irene reached and picked it up; she held it to her nose and sniffed.

"I can tell you use this a lot," she grinned.

Irene dropped the rabbit and looked at the other sex aids strewn across the bed. 

"What is this?" she asked. It was a wobbly blue stick of spheres increasing in size towards a loop which formed a handle. 

"Gavin said they're anal beads," said Elaine, "they go up your bum and you pull them out as you are cumming. We've never tried them."

"I definitely want to try them," said Irene, "it looks so long, surely they wouldn't all go in."

"Up until today, I didn't like my bum touched. Now I've had your fingers and Gavin's cock up there, I really want to try more," replied Elaine.

"I've always masturbated with a finger up my bum," said Irene, "I just love the dirtiness of it." she eyed the small butt plug on the bed, "mines much bigger than that."

"It's never been used either," responded Elaine. "Tell you what, you put that in me and I'll put the beads in you." She produced a tube of KY jelly from the drawer.

Irene snapped around onto all fours and waved her hairy cunt and arse in the air, "Please put something in me, I'm really ready."

Elaine squirted lube over the anal beads and put the tiny tip directly against Irenes wrinkled anus. Irene was excited, her cunt was pulsing. When she felt the cold tip of the anal beads pressing against her she thrust herself backwards trying to capture the intruder with her puckered brown chasm.

Elaine pushed back at her and all but two of the beads rushed into Irene's hungry bowels. "Ahhhhhhh" exclaimed Irene, "that felt so good, are there any more?"

"Two big ones" replied Elaine "I don't think your tiny bum hole could take them."

"I want them all." Irene felt at the protruding toy with her own hand and began to push herself onto the next bead, with a loud grunt of satisfaction it popped past her sphincter. 

Elaine not to be outdone grabbed the butt plug and took up the all fours position next to the grunting Irene. They both panted and grunted as the remainder of their toys slipped up into their bowels. 

"Fucking hell this is big!" exclaimed Elaine.

"I'm not sure I can move with this thing piercing me," panted Irene, "but my cunt could do with filling."

Elaine scooted back on the bed to find another toy, with the plug in place she could move freely, but she was really enjoying having it up her, and sharing the self same experience with another female was equally exciting. She lifted a weird shaped red vibrator, it was about seven inches long but it had a kink in the shaft near its tip. 

"Let me try this on you" Elaine said. 

"What does that do?" 

"It rubs your G spot, it's really good, Gavin say's a woman can ejaculate if you rub her the right way." 

"What??? Actually squirt?"

"So he says. I've never been able to do it, but I must admit I have felt on the brink of peeing when he's used it on me, I just can't let myself go to the next stage."

"I don't think I've got a G spot" 

"Gavin showed me mine, it's easy to find." Elaine inserted two fingers into Irene and hooked them downwards towards her pelvic bone and began to feel. "There's a little rough spot just around about ... here." She pressed down and Irene moaned loudly.

"ooooooooooooh. Do that again."

Elaine pressed and rubbed again. "Bloody hell!" Irene squealed.

"Would you like to try the vibrator?"

"I'm not sure I dare, that felt really weird."

Elaine placed the crooked tip of the toy against the wet red gash of Irenes cunt. She used her fingers to pry the matted tangle of hair apart. The toy slipped inside Irene.

"Tell me when I find the spot." Elaine instructed and moved the vibrator around a little seeking out Irenes hidden G spot.

"Nearly, nearly ....... Nearly .... There, that's it. I think"

Elaine twisted the base of the toy, it buzzed into life, it was indeed the spot. Irene gasped and convulsed. The feeling was primeval, extraordinary feelings of wanting to push and squeeze. Elaine rubbed the buzzing phallus around the spot occasionally levering it against Irenes pubic bone. 

"I'm so close....." Irene stuttered she was finding it difficult even to breathe.

Elaine knew what Irene was feeling, she had been here several times but she found the desperate urge to pee an insurmountable obstacle, she just could not bring herself to let go and 'wet the bed'.

She wanted Irene to let go, she did not care if it was cum or piss that came out of the winking cunt hole in front of her, she just wanted Irene to cum."

I can't... I can't .....I.."

Elaine gave a little tug on the looped end of the anal beads, Irene squealed, and using her left hand she reached back between her legs and began a vigorous rubbing on her clitoris all the while she gave out a whine "I.....I......I.."

After several minutes of this Irene was coated in a sheen of perspiration. 

"Cum for me Irene, cum for me, let it cum, let it flow through you, just let go." Elaine twisted the beads in Irenes anus and levered the vibrator sharply against her G spot.

The desire to cum and pee was simply overwhelming, Irene let it go, so what if she did piss the bed, "I'm cummmmmingggg."

Elaine started to pull the beads from her lesbian lovers anus, Irene screamed literally at the top of her voice "aaaahhhhhhhaaaaahhhhh," her cunt walls convulsed and a hot clear liquid spurted from her vagina splattering over Elaines tits. More and more liquid spewed from her spurt after spurt. 

Elaine had withdrawn the vibrator and most of the beads; she instinctively covered the hole with her hand. She laughed out loud "it's literally the finger in the dyke" she thought. Elaine was so proud of herself and Irene; this was a special moment a purely female moment. Irene collapsed forward she was shaking and convulsing.

"Fucking hell, what did you do to me?" she said.

"That was the biggest cum I've ever had, ever will have. Thank you, thank you, thank you."

She slowly became aware of the moisture that coated her body, "Did I make a mess?"

"A bit, but who cares, I'm really jealous now. You actually squirted, you ejaculated."

"What came out?"

"There was only about half a cupful, I don't think it's pee though, it doesn't smell like pee, and it's quite clear not yellow. It doesn't taste of much," Elaine said licking her lips.

Irene realised for the first time that Elaine was covered in her ejaculate.

"Oh gosh, I'm sorry. I nearly drowned you. Only half a cupful? It felt like gallons."

"Don't apologise, I wouldn't have missed any of that."

"We need to get a little cleaned up here," said Irene. The beads lay on the duvet, the end ones were smeared with Irenes shit, Elaine plopped the but plug from her arse, "Snap," she said holding up the equally stained device. 

The two women spent the next half hour cleaning themselves, the toys and changing the duvet, the mattress had survived the ordeal. It was almost two o'clock in the morning when they finally snuggled under the clean duvet together. They kissed and fondled each other and whispered into each others ear about what they were going to do to each other and what they liked about each other and all the other stuff that women like to hear.

"Irene?" 

"Yes darling?"

"What were you getting at downstairs when you were asking about me having sex with another man?"

"It's not important."

"Oh, go on you were thinking of something or someone."

"It just that.. I don't know if........ my problem is..." Irene was having difficulty getting whatever it was out.

"It doesn't matter what it is. I promise I won't laugh or be put off or cry or anything else, after what we just did you can tell me anything."

"I want you to sleep with my son, Robert."

".............. OK, I'm definitely not laughing," said Elaine. She did not know what she had expected but it was not that.

"He's eighteen and never had a girlfriend; I think he's probably gay. Whenever I bring up the subject of girls, he suddenly finds something that needs doing and disappears. I've asked him outright if he is gay and he said he wasn't. I thought perhaps if you were to offer yourself to him .. then I'd know for sure."

Elaine nodded her head in understanding not agreement. "He probably wouldn't fancy me even if he does like girls."

"What eighteen year old boy could resist a 'Mrs. Robinson'? You wouldn't even have to actually have sex with him, just play him along and see if he would be prepared to go through with it."

Elaine did not intend to sleep with any male other than her husband, but cock teasing a boy of eighteen with his mothers permission sounded like a lot of fun. "Just like the old days before I met Gavin... OK. I'll do it, but I'm certainly not having sex with him and I don't want Gavin to know... Ever."

Irene was truly very grateful; it was as though a weight had been lifted from her. "Thank you, how shall we work it? When could you meet him?"

"Tomorrow, invite him here." Elaine knew this was something she would back out of unless they did it immediately. "Now go to sleep."

They both slept.