 I was lying down, somewhere between asleep and awake, waiting for you to come to bed. The book I'd been reading was resting beside me, when at last you walked in the room. I smiled, ready to cuddle with you, breathe in your scent and drift off together and opened my arms for you. I don't know what it was, but something was different in your gaze as you approached me. Curiosity got the better of me, and as I sat up, I softly asked what was on your mind..

The slow grin spreading across your face was anything but innocent, piquing my interest.

"You," you whispered, your lips scant centimeters from my ear. I shuddered at this, and turned to kiss you.

We'd kissed before, and kissed often, but there was an x factor present tonight that took my breath away. I knew you loved me of course, as we'd been together almost a year and you constantly found ways to show and tell me so, but physical intimacy just hadn't happened yet. You were still a virgin, and I respected that, so I never pushed the issue. But tonight, it seemed, something had changed. 

The shoulder strap on my white silk nightgown slipped down my shoulder of its own accord, and its antics did not escape your notice. Soon your lips were skimming the now exposed skin, then trailing up to my neck. I felt a kind of inner fire ignite at your ministrations, and a thrill raced up and down my spine. My eyebrows raised in surprise when you put your mouth, teeth and tongue to use against the soft skin there. A low moan was beyond my control to repress, and the implication was not lost on you.

Your hands slowly started to explore my body, from where they had been residing at my hip and nape respectively, the fabric of my nightgown causing delicious friction. I felt the article of clothing gradually being lifted off of me, and your fingertips skittered over my warm flesh as you gently pressed me down onto the center of the bed.

Words were lost on my tongue as you then came back up to kiss me thoroughly. I think I was drunk, intoxicated in and by you. I murmured your name through unsteady lips, occasionally nibbling on your lower lip or sucking it delicately. My system was tumultuous, roiling with the storm you'd created within me.

Awakening at last, my fingers trailed through your short, spiky, brown hair, and I looked into your eyes for a long moment, seeing only love and desire there. I admit, I was surprised. Normally so collected, you were total chaos inside, and it spoke to me too. I pulled you close, reveling in each caress as if it were my first time too, because with you, it felt that way. So sweet, innocent almost, careful and one of the most intimate experiences of my life. Yet again love, you stopped my thought pattern dead in its tracks.

My eyes held the questions I couldn't seem to ask of you. 'What on earth had happened? Not that I was complaining, rather quite the contrary,' I mused, surrendering to the feline sounds of pleasure emanating from the back of my throat as your exploratory tongue touched upon my nipple for the first time. I so strongly wanted to know what had caused this change in you, but yet again, my voice failed me. Perhaps for now our bodies were enough communication. 

"You're wearing far too much clothing," I said playfully, hoping to be able to touch you too. And for once, I wasn't faced with resistance.

"Whatever you say love," you replied, pausing to let me relieve you of those hindrances as well.

My pleasure at your response overrode the shock, so I began to unbutton your favorite black dress shirt, peeling away the barriers between us. I started to nuzzle your neck, placing nipping kisses there as I tugged the undershirt out of your pants. It slid over your head, and our eyes locked just before our lips did, and I made quick work of your sports bra.

"See?" I said in a low voice, breathy from the encounter so far, "It's taking me far longer to undress you than it did you, me," I teased, now unbuckling your pants and moving them past your hips and legs. With a soft thud, they joined the growing pile of clothing on the floor. "There, now we're even," I muttered into your ear, as we were both now only wearing underwear.

'My turn,' I thought, covering your lips, cheeks, neck and collarbone with kisses, licks, and little bites. Slinking down your now quivering body, I breathed cool air over your attentive nipples, flicking them gently with my tongue. And oh your reaction was perfect. A low gasp, then a harsh arch of your back, followed by your hands in my hair encouraged me to continue. I smiled against your skin, before biting them gently, and sucking softly. You very nearly moaned at that, then lightly pushed me back down, reasserting your position as the operative aggressor. I didn't mind, I loved it when you get authoritative with me.

Finding myself on my back, I fidgeted somewhat when you only looked at me for a time.

"It's alright Princess," you said huskily, before finally lowering yourself to me, and letting your hands renew their inquisition of my form. 

I could only shiver and press against you, yearning for more contact, for more of you. You kiss me deeply again, and the taste of you lingers as you return to my neck, the little nips a bit harder now. My body bucks at that, and my arms come around you, tossing my head side to side when your mouth claims a nipple, reciprocating what I had done to you. You suck a little harder before switching over to the other breast and giving it the same attention. 

I started to grow impatient, wanting and needing more by now, and a free hand of your inches its way down my side, finally reaching my thigh, stroking it up and down, teasing me further. I could feel you smile at my considerable sexual frustration, and at last you started to kiss your way down my torso, pausing just above my now soaked lace and silk panties. My breathing was so labored by then, and you said that my eyes were clouded over for the want of you. I struggled to restrain myself, but lost all self-control when your questing fingers met my sex. I nearly jumped off the bed, but your strong hands kept me grounded.

With both hands you removed my panties, almost reverently, keeping our gazes linked as you did so. Once more, I was going under, falling in love with you all over again. None had ever been so tender or thorough with me, treating me like some thing precious, or their "love" for me so clearly stamped across their face. I guess that's what makes you so special.

You slowly started to massage the aching apex of my sex, and I moaned softly, rocking my hips against you. Agonizingly slowly, you built up speed, friction, and pressure, and I'd have exploded right then and there if not for the fact that we both wanted things to last far longer than that. Showing me no mercy, you kissed my hip as you slid a finger inside of me. My entire body was attuned to everything you were doing at that point, and I was in my own little world until the second joined the first. I was stretched around your fingers, so hesitant and unsure at first, but quickly you gained confidence when I all but screamed your name.

"Do you like that?" you asked me, your voice strained as well, but still managing to taunt me, pushing my mind even as your hands were pushing my body to its limits. However, that's also one of the reasons why I love you so much. Tease.

The only answer you received was a sharp intake of air, and me biting into my lip to prevent from waking the neighbors. Satisfied though apparently, you continued stroking in all the right places and a wicked grin framed your lips. Your head was between my legs, my highest guarded secrets before you. Your tongue glided along the folds of skin found there, and my hands quickly went to the back of your head, keeping you close, while one raked nails all along your back, neck, and shoulders.

I was temporarily relieved of my sanity when your lips closed around the tiny bundle of nerves there and I felt you start to suck gently. My hips worked themselves into a frenzy in effort to keep up with your increasingly rapid fingers and tongue. The moans grew louder, only causing you to go faster, deeper, harder. It was a perfect rate of exchange, crescendo for crescendo, the louder I got, the closer you brought me to oblivion. 

I was panting, desperate for you, when your free hand met mine and squeezed it, holding onto me as you shot me over the edge with a series of rapid flicks of your tongue and hard thrusts of your likely drenched fingers, your name of my lips, along with a certain phrase you seem so fond of.

It's a wonder you didn't drown, but at that moment I could do little more than kiss you back lightly when you slid up and kissed me. I collapsed back, breathless, into you, and heard your heart beating as furiously as my own.

"I love you," you murmured as you nuzzled my cheek lovingly, a hand rising up to brush away the errant tears streaking down my face.

"I love you too," I whispered, shaking my head. Now was not the time to cry, but of course you noticed.

"Is something wrong?" you asked immediately.

"No, no love, everything's perfect. It's just," I paused," I've just never experienced something like that before. You were, amazing, and I just didn't know that something like that actually existed. But I have to ask" I cuddled closer to you, close wasn't close enough. "What was it that caused this tonight?" I asked.

You smirked at me, you're famous for that you know? "Well I think it was that I was away from you for too long (3 months), and I have to confess, "you paused, "I really liked that nightgown on you. There's something else you're thinking, I can tell," you finished, tucking a stray strand of hair behind my ear.

I giggled somewhat, "And," I continued," I think I just learned the definition of making love," I said more seriously, eyes locked on yours all the while.

Your lips met mine again, and your smile was soft as you interlaced our fingers again, before bringing my hand up, and kissing it too. "I'm so in love with you," you said, having the common sense to pull the blankets around us," And I've found that I like expressing it in every way possible."

My reply was mostly incoherent, as exhaustion was taking over for a time, but I had said,"I love you, and am in love with you too koi."

We laid there entwined for a time, however, eventually I did recover, and when I did, it was your turn to lose yourself in ecstasy like I did. We didn't get any sleep that night, but I don't think we've ever been so content.

The End

Side note: In case I didn't make it perfectly clear, yes, it's between two women.

And koi means love in Japanese.