 Fantasies are an interesting production. No one can see mine but me. No one can see yours but you. Some people don't even have the luxury of living them, breathing them, feeling them. I would like to take you into my fantasy land someday. 

Someday... you would feel my fingertips along the crease of your stomach and breathe a little bit deeper. Someday... you would feel my hands kneading into your back, your muscles surrendering to me, and you would breathe a little bit deeper. Someday... you would feel my lips brush against your neck, my body pressing into you, the intensity thundering in our beating hearts, and you would breathe a little bit deeper. That ounce of breath needed to tame the fire building up inside. Yes, come into my fantasy land and you will feel the heat that flows through me every time you cross my mind.

...Mmm... Close your eyes, let yourself be swept away in my fantasy land...

Saunter into my room; white tank top clinging to your skin and small red shorts revealing your long, lustrous legs. I am sitting at my desk relaxing when you stop behind me, rest your hands on my shoulders, and kiss each side of my neck. I tilt my head back slightly to kiss your chin as you glide your hands down my chest, over my stomach, and under the cuff of my pants. I breathe a little bit deeper when your fingers stop and retract up along my body. Eager to taste your lips, I grab your arm and pull you around in front of me, wrapping your legs around my waist. I cannot help but stare into those shining brown eyes, resting my hands on your curves, and pulling you closer and closer to me. Reaching my hands up to your cheeks, I bite down on my lip anticipating the long, soft kiss to come.

Wrapping your arms around my shoulders, you lean in to the kiss, pressing your breasts into my chest and thrusting your hips against my centre. I hope for more contact by widening my legs and pushing you into me again with my hands purposefully placed on your behind. You continue to press your body into mine, deepening the kiss momentarily, and then pulling away just enough to leave me wanting. My hands grip tighter as you lean in to brush your tongue across my lips. More, I want to taste more of you; my breath becomes shallow. Waiting for you to quench my thirst, I run my fingertips along the inside of your thighs, softly moving toward you. Just as I reach under those tiny red shorts, my left hand stops and continues its path up under your shirt, moving its way up and onto your breast, circling your hardened nipple. Your breathing quickens as you feel the slight touch of my right thumb dancing along the sides of your increasingly wet centre. Your moans become more and more audible as I move onto your nub of pleasure; slight... soft... slow... circles forcing you to clench your hands around my neck and face, bringing our lips into a firm embrace. I proceed with the movements as our tongues battle inside each other's warm mouths.

Deciding to remove my hands from under your clothing, I pull away from your lips briefly to reach my hands up to your face. Kissing you once perfectly on the mouth then trailing my lips over your jaw and onto your neck. My hands start sliding intentionally down your body, feeling every curve and crease as I continue to kiss your collar bone. Slipping my right hand under your shorts again, I aim to tease you a little bit more, softly touching, circling ever so briefly. I pull your face closer to mine so that I can breathe in your ear, and I whisper, 'I just want to make you wet all day long...' 

Your hands clench my shirt, and you hold your breath as you feel my finger fill your wet insides. You make me remove my hand from under your shorts as you hastily take my shirt off and begin running your hands all over my body, feeling my breasts, and kissing me swiftly. I stand up, with you in my arms and your legs wrapped around my waist, so that I can have my way with you on my bed...

Heat, built up in my core, rushes through my veins to reach every inch of my body. This is what thinking about you does to me. These images flood my mind every still moment of the day. Touching you. Breathing you. I cannot escape fantasy land. The everlasting passion pulls me in, how could I say no? Come into my fantasy land and see if you can resist.