 Over the last few months Maria had experienced most of her fantasy John had made sure of that. From learning the joys of playing with herself to being tied up and punished, she had never before meet a man who could take total control over her body and read it better than she could.

As she drove home Maria wondered just what John had planned for tonight he had rang her earlier at the office and told her to expect a surprise when she got home her slit was all ready wet at the though of what was to come would it be the handcuffs again or slow erotic sex, you never could tell as each time it was different.

About 5 minutes from home her cell phone rang it was John with baited breath she answered.

"Maria here are the rules for tonight" the strong sexy voice on the other end said, just his voice made her want to come her hand slide down her body as she listened, slowly pulling up her skirt as John told her the rules of the game for tonight sliding one finger inside herself as John talked.

"When you get to the drive I want you to undress in the car, walk slowly to the door so that I can see your naked body, there will be a blindfold on the table in the hall you MUST put this on before you go any further" ramming her finger in hard as John spelled out what she must do her breathing coming in ragged burst, her juices working there way over her palm she know if he kept talking to her like this she would come soon! 

"Maria are you listening to me?" the voice called out over the cell phone, snapping her thoughts back to the call and away from the joys of her hot wet slit Maria replied "Yes John I am"

"Then get your fingers out of your hot wet pussy and listen more" came the reply "You must not come before you get home do you hear me?" 

one of the things she loved and hated about John was that he could always read her mind and tell what she was going to do "But I am so close what harm could one little orgasm be?" Maria cried over the phone so close to coming now she could feel her cunt contracting at just the thought "NO, I want that cunt dripping and on the peak of orgasm when you get home so take those fingers out now and lick them clean!" with one final push Maria did as she was told and with a sigh that John could hear over the phone slowly slide them out of her now soak slit. Raising her fingers to her mouth as John had told her to do Maria slowly licked them clean making sure John could hear just what she was doing over the phone. "Good girl, I can see the car now so I will hang up and see you in a few minutes, you will not see me though" and with that the phone went dead in her hand.

Maria turned right in to her drive way and could see the candles reflecting on the glass of the windows but could not even make out a shadow of John "Where is he?" she though. Getting undressed in the car as she had been told to do it was one of those times that she was glad she did not wear underwear, less to take off. Unbuttoning her silk blouse the cool air hitting her already hard nipples so wanting to play with them just a bit, but knowing that John would be watching every move she made, she know she had better do just as he had told her or she would be made to pay for her wrong doings later, wiggling her hips to slide her short skirt off, her juices now running freely down her thighs and leaving a wet patch of the leather of the seat. The coolness of the leather felt so good against her naked body she sank into the chair, closed her eyes and tried to calm down her breathing before she entered the house.

Stepping out of the car in just her high-heeled sandals Maria was glad that her house was set in from the road. but just the thought of someone seeing her was enough to send tingles down her spine. God she wanted to come now and come so badly. Walking towards the door her head held high her breast pushed forward Maria took her time like she had been told the thought of what was about to come running though her mind now. Opening the door and stepping though, the velvet blindfold there just as she had been told it would be. Looking around quickly to see if she could catch a glimpse of John before she was placed in darkness. Sliding the blindfold over her long brown hair and covering her eyes placing herself in to darkness, Maria's body broke out in goose bumps as this was the one thing she hated, being placed in darkness but John know this. Standing ever so still, her whole body on fire now nipples so hard, slit dripping.

Hearing Johns soft foot steps crossing the hall floor, Maria slowly lowered her head, her heart beating faster and faster as he grown nearer "Evening little one" John whispered in his husky voice in her ear as his tongue darted out and licked the lower part of her ear lobe. His hands sliding over her body cupping her breast pulling on her nipples. Laughing softly in her ear as she let out a gasp! "I have a surprise for you" He whispered in her ear as his hand slide down to her now totally soaked cunt sliding one finger in and pressing upward hitting her g-spot first time. Pressing down hard on John's fingers as he did this Maria sighed "Not yet little one there is a lot for you to do tonight before you get to come!" as he slide his finger out of her hot slit. Maria felt like crying.

Taken by the hand John moved Maria to the living room where moments before she had seen candle light. Pressing himself again her naked back John whispered "Lie down little one" Doing as she was told she know it was useless to object and not sure she even wanted to, Maria lay down of the soft fur rug that covered the living room floor. Hearing John's footsteps walk away from her and taking a seat on the other end of the room Maria wondered what was about to happen. Laying there total naked Maria could feel her juices running down the crease of her ass lifting her body up of the rug so that John could see everything, wanting him so much to touch her, to realise her, to let her come, god just to do anything to make her body not feel it is on fire.

Hearing soft foot steps making there way over to her Maria know that they could not be John's, who did they belong to? The footsteps stopped just above her head. Looking up just as she would have done if not blindfolded Maria tried to see who was there! Maria smelt before she felt the soft lips of a female's kiss, as the other woman's mouth connected with hers. The subtle perfume washing over her. Groaning as the other woman slide her tongue into her mouth softly caressing her tongue. The gently touch of her palm against Maria's breast made Maria cry out with delight. The woman's hand sliding lower down her body over her belly, cupping her pubic mound as her fingers found the hard button of her clit, moving her fingers in small circles making Maria lift her hips in delight swallowing Maria's moans in her kiss. 

Taking her mouth from Maria's the other woman places her legs on either side of Maria's head the smell was the first thing that hit Maria's senses, the smell of musk and also a sweet smell she could not place. Lowering herself onto Maria's mouth the other woman never stopped playing with Maria's now rock hard clit. Maria slides her tongue out slowly at first this was the first time she had ever been with another female and John know this. Her tongue connecting with the soft folds of the woman's out lips. Hearing the woman let out a small gasp Maria became more bold letting her tongue slide up and down the wet slit of the other woman, enjoying the taste and feel of having a pussy on her face. 

Maria lifted her hands to the woman's hips and pulled her in tighter so that she could lose her self in the soft folds of the warm inviting pussy, finding her clit flicking over it faster and faster with her tongue Maria could feel the other woman's juices running now her moans filling the room sliding her tongue up higher and burying it in to the warm tight hole of the of the woman cunt licking faster and faster. Sliding one hand over the woman's back and pushing her forward Maria ran her fingers down the crease of her ass stopping to play with the tight ring of her ass, feeling her pull away slightly Maria smiles as she carried on licking and sucking feeling the hot juices fill her mouth sliding her hand down lower and ramming 2 fingers in to her now soaked cunt. Finger fucking her as she licked harder with her tongue, placing her mouth over her clit and biting down on it gently as she continued ram her fingers in her tight wet cunt over and over, curling her fingers slightly so that she hits her g-spot with every stroke knowing that it will not be long before she comes now. 

Maria feel the warm breath of the other woman hit her soaked cunt opening her legs so wide now just wanting to come and never stopping licking at the sweet cunt that is in her face. The first lick of her tongue that hits Maria's slit makes her scream out with delight it feel so good, so different from a mans touch softer gentler some how and knows just what I like and how I like it. This makes Maria suck all the hard on the other woman's clit ramming her fingers in harder and faster and faster all she can think about now is coming and god coming soon!! 

Matching each other move for move the two woman roll around the floor legs wrapped around each others neck licking sucking and fingering each other as if this will be their last time. Maria feels the other woman's cunt contact against her fingers fucking her harder Maria knows she is going to come as well. Letting out a loud scream Maria and the other woman come together fuccccccckkkkkkkkkkkk yesssssssssssssss godddddddddddddd ohhhhhhh goddddddddd riding out the orgasms never taking there fingers from each other till the last contacting has stopped Maria fell the woman lift herself off her face and walk slowly out of the room.

Laying on the floor her chest raising and falling trying to get her breathing back to normal Maria feel Johns hand take hers as he raises her off the floor taking her in his arms John walks Maria to the sofa. Placing her on his lap, taking off the blindfold "Did you like that little one?" the smile on Maria's face was all he needed for an answer.