 It was a beautiful Saturday night, a clear star lit sky with a full moon overlooking what seemed to be an ordinary neighborhood. As I drove through, its normalcy is what stuck me first, everything looked the same. 

The houses were wonderfully kept, lawns were cut short and the spotless cars were parked up on driveways. Several of the houses had their lights on, others were engulfed in darkness. 

I drove to the end of the street and turned a left, looking for house number 332. I reached the bottom of the road; it was the only house with lights on, but the curtains on the large front window was closed over. I pulled up outside the house and switched the engine off. 

I sat there in my car for several minutes, trying to work up the courage for what I about to do next. It seemed strange that only a few hours ago, I received an email with specific instructions from a woman I've known for a few months online, but had never met before. I remember every word her email said...

"Dear Caitlyn.

Hi sweetheart, listen carefully, my friends and I are having a little get together and I'd like it if you were to come to my house at 8:30 PM. But you're only allowed to wear a long black raincoat and shoes. I hope to see you tonight.

Love Melinda"

I looked across at the window, wondering what was going on inside. There were three cars parked up on her driveway, could they all belong to her? I wondered. I took a final deep breath and opened the car door and climbed out, wearing just a black rain coat and a pair of elegant black heels.

I walked up to the nice stylish front door, and rang the door bell and waited for a few moments. I could hear some laughter from the living room and several voices. The door opened before me and I stood there in silence, greeted by Melinda.

This beautiful shoulder length blond haired goddess had a smile on her face and was wearing next to nothing. The photos she sent me did not do her justice. Her green eyes were magnetic, so full of life and passion, she had a lovely welcoming smile. For 53 years of age, she looked amazing. She was an inch or two smaller than me and had a lovely athletic figure.

She took a step forward and I felt something prod against me, I looked down and saw her "girl cock" pushing against my rain coat. I then noticed the black harness that she was wearing, it looked very secure and strong. The dildo that was attached to it was a very realistic one, it was 7 inches, white and had all the veins and a head on it for that authentic look. She opened my rain coat and smiled at my shaved mound. She took my left breast and squeezed it, causing little bolts of electric to run through my body.

"Welcome, come on in Caitlyn." Said Melinda.

She closed the door behind me and took off my rain coat, so I stood before her naked.

"Take off the shoes, you won't need them now"

I kicked off my shoes and she hung my raincoat next to several others that was hanging on the coat hanger. She looked strange walking about with the strap on dildo swinging left and right, I laughed and she smiled. 

"Wait right here" She said as she walked off into the living room.

I looked down her foyer and up the stairs to where I presumed was her bedroom and bathroom. Melinda returned several minutes later holding a collar and leash in her hand.

"Part your legs for me, only slightly though" said Melinda in a calm collected voice.

I did as I was told, I opened my legs and Melinda walked up to me, slipping her girl cock between my legs, I felt the shaft brush along my moist lips and I shuddered with anticipation.

"Hmm I think it will be a perfect fit" Said Melinda.

She slipped the collar around my neck and fastened it, then attached the leash to the button ring in the collar.

"Does it fit ok, not to tight?" she asked.

"No, it's fine Mistress Melinda"

"Oh hon, no need to call me Mistress, we're not having any sessions, this is just to spice things up"

I nodded and she stepped back, I felt the shaft of the girl cock brush along my labia lips, sending shivers of pleasure through my aroused body. Melinda grabbed the end of the leash and walked me into the living room...

What I saw next was amazing; three of her friends were sitting down, talking and laughing together. They were all naked, except for the strap ons they were wearing. I had never met any of these women before, but from what I could tell, they all knew each other very well. 

Soon, all eyes were upon me, as Melinda stood next to me, holding the leash. I examined the scene and found it wildly erotic. The three women were all sitting next to each other, each wearing a strap on and drinking what looked to be fruit juice.

"Ladies, this is Caitlyn, the soon to be fucked."

They all raised their glasses and said together

"Hi Caitlyn" 

I blushed and nodded, and raised my hand and waved at the ladies.

"H-H-Hi..." Was all I could say at the time.

"Come on now, let's all introduce ourselves for the beautiful Caitlyn."

The lady sitting on the left stood up.

"My name's Ellen" she said and smiled to me.

Ellen was 36 years old and worked at a factory, she's married and is a mother of two. She has shoulder length brown hair and her breasts were as big as mine, a healthy if somewhat sagging c cup. She was a slim woman, weighing around 110 pounds. The harness she wore covered her pubes, but I could see some hair sticking out, which told me, she was natural. The white strap-on she was wearing was 8 inches long and very thick looking. It had realistic veins and a bulbous head.

Ellen sat down and the woman sitting next to her stood up. She was a tall but chubby black woman. She was in her mid thirties and was an air traffic controller. She had long black hair and lovely b cup sized breasts, her nipples were erect. All she had on was a black leather harness with a 7 inch black dildo jutting outwards, it was a little thicker than Ellen's with realistic veins running up the long chocolaty shaft.

"Hi, my name's Sharon" 

She turns around and bends over, showing me her bubble black butt.

"And I can't wait to feel your lips kiss my booty" She said loud.

The ladies laughed and I blushed a crimson red, Ellen pointed at me and giggled.

"Oh, look at her blush!" 

"Ok, ok, settle down everyone, I've yet to introduce myself"

Her voice sounded somewhat familiar, a voice I haven't heard in years. All the while, 

I had to suppress a giggle, her slim white girl cock was wiggling as she turned and faced me. 

"Remember me hon?"

Once I took my eyes off her tool, I recognized her immediately and was shocked to say the least. She used to be my English teacher in high school and just so happens to be one of the first crushes I had on a woman. The 36 year old Karen Sorison looked incredible.

She had this beautiful long blond hair and these sparkling green eyes, all you had to do was look her in the eye and you can feel the intelligence pouring out of her. It was a weird sensation, seeing a woman, someone who I always imagined what she'd look like naked was actually standing here naked only feet away from me...granted, I never imagined her wearing a strap on harness and dildo.

Karen's breasts were firm and her nipples were long and pointed. She definitely had the best figure out of the five of us, but was modest by not flaunting herself.

"Now that we're all introduced, why don't you sit down Caitlyn?" Melinda said and pointed to the sofa.

Ellen and Sharon moved over and I sat between the two of them, feeling their warm naked thighs rest against my own. Ellen took my hand and placed it on her girl cock, I gripped the shaft and felt the warm rubber. Sharon grabbed my free hand and put my hand around her tool. It amazed me, the difference between them, the black one felt more ridged and firm, but Ellen's felt more harder and didn't have as many ridges, not to mention the difference in thickness.

"Right, the other girl has another half hour to arrive and then we can start." Said Melinda.

She sat down opposite us. Karen was sitting next to Sharon on the sofa's armrest.

"Start what exactly?" I asked.

Karen leaned out and gave me a warm comforting smile...

"There are going to be six of us dear. When the last girl arrives, you and her are going to reach into a hat and pull out two names each, whoever names you pull out of the hat will have the pleasure of fucking you." Said Karen.

"You're going to love it" Sharon said out loud.

"I'll go and get Caitlyn a glass of apple juice" said Melinda and she left the room.

Karen sat down where Melinda was sitting and smiled.

"I must confess, I was very excited when I found out Melinda was talking to you Caitlyn. I never imagined you were bisexual" Said Karen.

"I know, I feel so strange...and somewhat excited." I confessed.

And it was true, I was very excited by what was going to take place. I couldn't help but wonder who's names I'm going to pick... I secretly hoped that I was going to get Karen and Melinda...although truthfully, I found Sharon to be very attractive as well. Ellen unfortunately, didn't do much for me, I found her to be very giddy. She acted like a little girl in a candy store.

"I never imagined she looked so pretty" said Ellen.

"Well, it's just, Caitlyn and I go back." Explained Karen. "She was without a shadow of doubt, the most talented student in my class. It was her writing that captivated the audience in her school plays, all of which were originals."

"You know the old saying, behind every great performance is a great writer" said Melinda.

I saw Melinda walking towards us, holding a glass of apple juice, with her girl cock inside the glass. I giggled and the others laughed, including Karen.

"I thank the Lord, I'm not a man, this is cold"

Melinda pulls the strap-on dildo out of the glass, the droplets of apple juice fall on the floor below. She hands me the glass and I take a sip, the other ladies watching with excitement.

"Hmmm dildo-licious" I joke.

The ladies laugh, we all look at the clock and see that the time is only 8:40 pm. The girl has another twenty minutes to arrive, I wondered what would happen if she didn't come? Karen stood up and faced the ladies...

"If I may, I would like to have a few minutes alone with Caitlyn" 

Melinda and Sharon nodded. Ellen on the other hand, got up and protested...

"Oh come on now, we all agreed to the rules, we start at 9 o'clock"

"I am keeping to the rules, I only want to speak with her, I cleared this with you all" said Karen.

"That's before I knew how pretty she was" Argued Ellen.

Melinda stood up and picked up my leash off the floor and handed it to Karen.

"Caitlyn and Karen have a history, I'm sure Caitlyn would like a word as well." Said Melinda.

Ellen sat back down and looked a little angry at Karen. I got the distinct impression that Ellen loved looking at my body. I felt like candy and I was about to be taken out of sight.

"Please kneel Caitlyn and crawl behind me" Said Karen

I got down on my hands and knees. My breasts were hanging close to the carpeted floor, Karen walked with my leash in her hands and I followed behind, swaying my butt left to right, putting on a little show. Just as I was turning the corner, I heard Sharon say, 

"God, I can't wait to fuck that cute little ass"

Karen brought me up to the bathroom and closed the door. I stood up and moved towards her, wanting to kiss her and feel her warm body pressed against mine. But she rejected my advances.

"It's not yet time hon." Said Karen.

"Come on, no one will know" I answered back.

Karen unfastened her harness and climbed out of it. I saw her full mound of pubic hair and it sent a spark down my spine and into my pussy which was tingling with excitement. 

"I'll know...besides, my friends and I have made rules and you of all people should know about following rules"

Karen sat down on the toilet and closed her eyes...second later, she started peeing and I was watching her stream of gold liquid hit the toilet bowl, it was a powerful pee, had she been holding it for hours, wanting me to see this? She opened her eyes up and drew my attention away from her gushing pussy.

"I think you're very brave Caitlyn, you should be proud of yourself"

"Thanks, I'm actually excited"

"I'm glad. You'll have to excuse Ellen, it's her first time and she's very excited. Is this your first time?" Karen asked, her pussy still gushing.

"No...I mean yes, I've never been with more then one person. I've experienced a strap-on before."

Karen stops peeing and stands up, she doesn't bother wiping herself. She steps into her harness and brings it up and fastens it around her waist, adjusting the knob on the end to her clit.

"We promise to be careful. The three of us are experienced, so you're in safe hands and rest assured, I'll be keeping a close eye on Ellen, making sure she puts your emotions and wellbeing first, assuming you pick her that is"

"I trust you and Melinda...I don't know Sharon all that well"

"Sharon's an ass girl, she loves it, but I've known her for almost 8 years and she takes good care of a girl, you'll be in safe hands."

"I don't know about that, I haven't had anything in my ass for months"

"You'll be fine honestly, she's very experienced, as for me and Melinda, we'll be sampling all your holes. Ellen...it's her first time, so I don't know. If at any point, you feel the need to stop, you must let us know. We'll be looking after you, but we're not mind readers, ok?"

I nodded. Karen grabbed my leash and walked me out of the room. I thankfully didn't have to crawl this time. Crawling up the stairs is one thing, crawling down is another.

She brought me to the living room and I sat down in between Ellen and Sharon. Ellen was delighted to see me again, she grabbed my hand and made me grip her girl cock, she giggled when she looked down and saw my hand wrapped around the shaft.

Sharon on the other hand was much more relaxed. She softly caressed my hand while we waited for the last minutes to go by...yet, there was no sign of this other girl.

A few more minutes had passed and it was 9 O'clock. Melinda sighed from frustration and disappointment.

"She could have at least called" Said Melinda in an aggravated tone.

"Perhaps we should cancel and reschedule" suggested Karen.

Ellen stood up, my hand released her girl cock.

"No, we can't do that. We've been waiting for hours" Said Ellen.

"There's only one girl Ellen and four of us, unless one of us becomes the second girl" Said Sharon.

"I most certainly won't." said Karen.

Melinda raised her hand, saying she won't do it either.

"That's two down, two left and I won't be the second girl...that leaves you Ellen, fancy being the fucked instead of the fucker?" Sharon asked.

"No no no, that's not fair, I want to be giving it, not receiving it" Ellen protested.

"That settles it. The four of us is to much for Caitlyn. We'll have to reschedule." Says Karen in a definitive tone.

"Oh come on, she can manage us, we haven't even asked her" Ellen said loudly.

Karen faced Ellen and looked really annoyed.

"Ellen, she can't manage the four of us, we planned a two on one!" Said Karen.

Melinda stood up and calmed everyone own; she looked at Karen and said...

"Ellen does have a point" says Melinda "we haven't asked her"

"Oh come on Melinda, we don't want to hurt her." Says Karen

"Yeah, I agree with Karen, she's not a doll, I couldn't live with myself if I hurt her" says Sharon. 

"She's what? 19, 20 years old?" Asks Ellen.

"She's 22" Says Karen.

"My point is, she's old enough to decide for herself" Ellen says

Karen took a deep breath, she looked at me, she knew as I did, Ellen did have a point. She faced me and asked, 

"How do you feel Caitlyn?" 

They looked at me, their girl cocks were erect and pointing right at me. I was definitely aroused. My legs were slightly parted and I really wanted to feel something slip between my legs and inside my body.

"I-I'd like to try it, we can take it slow...can't we?"

Karen nodded and smiled. 

"Excellent, she can start by sucking this." Said Ellen.

Ellen stood in front of me, her girl cock only inches away from my face. I was about to lean up, when Karen put her hand on Ellen's shoulder...

"Slow down, let's make Caitlyn feel comfortable."

Sharon put her thumb under my face and turns it her way, next thing I feel is her lips pressed against mine in a lovely passionate embrace, her tongue expertly parts my lips and slips into my mouth and rubs against my own.

The kiss sends waves of pleasure through my body, my eyes close which heightens the experience, I visualized all the ladies standing around me, watching this intimate act...moments later, Sharon's tongue slips out of my mouth and our lips part, her thumb turns my face to the left and my lips connect with Karen's.

Karen kisses me with passion and hunger, her hand runs along my thigh, up along my belly and cups and squeezes my left tit, while Sharon's hand cups my right tit, fondling and pinching my nipple with her thumb and forefinger. They're both very gentle, but Karen squeezes a little harder than Sharon.

My hand seeks out Karen's girl cock and finds it; I wrap my fingers around the shaft and rub it up and down, hopefully stimulating Karen's clit. I can hear Ellen's giggles around me. Karen pulls her tongue out of my mouth and then spits on my face. Her saliva dribbles down my nose and over my lips. She turns my face towards Sharon who then spits in my face.

Immediately after, Karen lowers her head and kisses my tit, sucking on my nipple. Sharon follows Karen's lead and gently wraps her lips around my right tit and sucks and nibbles on it. Melinda towers over me and kisses me passionately, her tongue slips into my mouth, her knee gently pushes against my groin, causing me to moan into her mouth...

Seconds later, Melinda breaks the kiss and spits inside my open mouth, and then she gets down on her knees and gently plants kisses along my belly and below my breasts, moving down she licks my belly button that causes me to giggle. My head pitched back, I enjoy the many sensations running through my body, Karen and Sharon's licking and sucking both my tits, and Melinda slowly working her way to my shaved mound...

"MMmmmm you're so smooth." She said

Her tongue was gently licking my shaved mound above my clit. My body felt like it was on fire, all these tongues and hands caressing and making love to my body felt so overwhelming. 

Ellen meanwhile stood next to Melinda and slipped her finger in my mouth. Her finger was long but skinny and my tongue wrapped around it and licked and sucked on it. Ellen twisted and turned her finger, and pumped it in and out of my mouth, giggling and spitting over into my face.

"She loves it, look at her!" Ellen says.

Melinda was gently kissing around my thighs and was witnessing first hand just how turned on I was. After a few more moments, Melinda poked her tongue into my slit and licked upwards, causing me to moan in pleasure and grip Karen girl cock a little harder. 

Sharon sat up and licked her lips, my nipple was hard and wet from her saliva, Sharon put her hand behind my head and guided my head down towards her girl cock, Ellen's fingers slipped out of my mouth, and my other nipple slipped free of Karen's tongue. Karen sat up and smiled, she brushed my hair out of my face as my face lowered towards Sharon's girl cock.

"Hey, let her lick mine first!" said Ellen.

"Shhhh, let her follow her instincts Ellen." said Karen

I felt the tip of her black girl cock on my lips and parting them, the head slipping inside my mouth; I wrapped my lips around it and licked the head for a few seconds. Melinda meanwhile stood up, my own juices covered her lips and mouth, she kissed Karen passionately, of course, I couldn't see this. I could only see the sofa and Sharon's thighs.
