 The blinding afternoon sun shimmered off the glass of her gorgeous, sleek-lined sports car. We had been playing a game of traffic-tag on the highway for over fifteen minutes, each of us letting the other cut in as we weaved our way through the metal jungle. I do this thing where I choose a car in each lane so I can measure which one is flowing faster. I get a strange sense of satisfaction when I see I have chosen the fastest lane. Maybe it's my over-competitive nature? Or maybe, I just like to win.

After a few more minutes of traffic-tag, I ended up next to her beautiful car. For the first time, I could see her face. She was striking! Her thick blonde hair fell in soft curls over her shoulders. She had cherry-red lipstick on and large, oval-shaped sunglasses. Her high cheekbones and small, straight nose reminded me of Nicole Kidman.

I lowered my electric window. The movement must have reflected the sunlight, which caught her eye. She turned her head and looked at me. She opened her window.

"Beautiful day for a drive," I joked and smiled.

She looked over at me and shouted in what was the closest thing to the Queen's English I had ever heard, "I've had her for two months and all I want to do is find somewhere to open her up and see what she can really do. This car was not built to sit in traffic."

"That's the saddest thing I've heard all day! Why haven't you taken her out yet?"

"I'm new to the city and don't really know where to go," she replied. "Any suggestions?"

Before I could answer, I noticed the traffic was starting to pick up pace. I quickly took my cell phone out of my handbag and waved it at the blonde beauty.

"I know an amazing place. Give me your number. I'll message you the details."

She took her phone out and said, "Rather give me yours. I want to make sure I hear from you again."

As I began to pull away, I shouted out my number.

"I'm Jen by the way."

"Susan" came the reply.

As I drove home, I kept checking my rear-view mirror, hoping to catch another glimpse of Susan and her sexy Jag, but sadly I didn't see her again. My mind kept thinking about her beautiful British accent and those full cherry-red lips. I have never even kissed a girl, so I wasn't too sure where this stirring in the pit of my stomach was coming from. It's not to say I have never been curious to feel the soft, wet mouth and tongue of a sexy woman, or wondered what another woman's pussy would taste like. I guess the opportunity had never presented itself before, nor had I ever really looked for it.

Later that evening, Susan's words, "I want to make sure I hear from you again" kept filtering back into my consciousness. Had she liked what she saw of me as much as I of her? Had she also felt a tug and gentle throb of her pussy when we locked eyes?

Her message startled me.

"Hello Jen, it was good to meet you in traffic today. I hope it's not too late to message you?"

"Hi Susan, likewise, and not at all! I was just thinking about you and wondering if I'd hear from you."

"I'd never normally take a stranger's number in traffic, but somehow I got a feeling you're a girl after my own heart."

"I do have a weakness for cars. Especially sexy Jags. Elegant lines and all that power under the hood :)"

"Exactly! So you mentioned you know somewhere where I can take her out and see what she's really made of?"

"I do! But, at the risk of sounding cheeky, if I tell you, do you think I could come along for the ride?"

"I was hoping you'd ask. Of course ;)"

I sent the details to Susan and we agreed to meet the next morning at a small coffee shop at the start of the route I had suggested.

Getting dressed the following morning, I chose to wear matching white lace lingerie that accentuated my curvy body and tanned skin. I didn't know what was going to happen, but wherever this led, it was certainly going to be a first for me and wearing the virgin's colour just made sense.

I arrived at the coffee shop before Susan and chose a seat where I could see her come in. I ordered a couple of cappuccinos with cream and didn't have to wait long before she walked through the door. Susan was wearing a short, white cotton dress that hugged her sexy body. I wondered if she was thinking the same thing as me when she was getting dressed that morning.

"Hi, Jen" she said in that lovely accent.

"Good morning. What a gorgeous dress!" I replied with a smile.

"Oh, thank you. White somehow felt like the right colour for a country outing with a perfect stranger," she replied with a wink and smile.

Before she sat down, Susan leaned forward and stretched her hand out towards my face. I didn't know what she was doing but was interested to see where her hand would land up. She gently brushed my top lip with her thumb.

"You had a little cream on your mouth. I hope you don't mind me getting that for you?"

And then she sucked it off her perfectly manicured finger.

This made my pussy start to throb and I could feel my nipples getting hard and push against my tight dress. Susan's touch was electric and I knew at that moment I wanted to feel more of her skin brush against mine.

While sipping our cappuccinos we discussed Susan's recent move to Johannesburg from London for an amazing career opportunity. Once we were finished, we walked out to her Jaguar F-Type. The sun was bouncing off the silver bonnet and near blinded us as we hopped inside. The doeskin leather bucket seats hugged our bodies as Susan pressed the ignition button. The Jag came to life with a roar of its V8 engine. Susan's dress had settled high up on her long, toned thighs. A little shifting in her seat and I would be able to see her panties.

"Something got your attention?" Susan asked playfully.

I was so distracted by her short dress and long legs I forgot that she needed me to tell her where to go.

"Sorry, you just have incredible legs and I got a little distracted," I said, blushing.

"No problem. I'm glad you like what you see," she replied. "So which way do we go?"

I gave Susan the directions and within a few minutes we were out on the open road. Just the two of us and the roar of her Jaguar. Total bliss.

We wound through the open countryside, both enjoying the speed and freedom of the road. I felt the power of the Jag every time Susan accelerated through a bend. Our bodies pressed deeper into the soft leather seats. Susan's skirt kept inching higher and higher up her thighs. She was clearly a very skilled driver.

I could see a small clump of trees on the side of the road up ahead. As we neared it Susan began to slow down. Was she thinking the same thing as me? Was she going to stop, get out of the car, open my door, spread my legs and start pulling my lacy panties down around my ankles? I hoped so.

We got to the small wooded area and pulled off to the side of the road. Susan cut the engine. There was a brief moment of silence between us. I tried to control my breathing and shifted slightly in my chair. My panties were already so wet.

Susan broke the silence, "I am really loving this drive, and I think my car is loving it even more! Thank you so much."

"It's really been my pleasure. You are an amazing driver. I'm having so much fun so far," I replied.

Susan lifted her sunglasses.

"So far?"

I unbuckled my seatbelt and boldly leaned over to unlock hers.

"Yes, so far" I replied, trying to control the lustiness in my voice.

My heart was pounding and I was sure Susan could hear it. With her body now free, she lifted her arm and gently tucked a lose strand of hair behind my ear. She leaned in close to my face and wet her lips with her tongue before pressing them to mine. I opened my mouth and parted my legs in response to her. Our tongues explored each other's mouths.

"I've been wanting to do that all morning," Susan whispered in my ear. "Ever since I wiped that cream from your lips earlier."

This just made me even more horny and the urge to taste her pussy was overwhelming.

"Come with me," I said, opening my door. Susan obeyed by opening hers and followed me to the hood of her Jaguar.

I gently pushed her down onto the hard metal so her head was resting on the windshield and her body lay on the bonnet. The drive had warmed up the hood, creating a hot bed for my first pussy-eating experience.

"Spread your legs for me," I whispered into her ear, my body pressed against hers. I slowly started to nibble on her ear and kissed her neck softly. Susan responded in delightful ticklish surrender.

Before working my way down the rest of her gorgeous body I wanted her full red lips on mine again. I wanted to feel the strength of her tongue to see if it was up for the job of making me cum. It was.

"Jen, I want you to lick my pussy. I want you to taste my cum and then kiss me deep and hard."

I liked Susan's instruction, especially as it was given in her saucy English accent. I worked my way down over her breasts and stomach to her pussy. She too was wearing white lacy panties, clearly a woman after my own heart. I gently lifted her bottom off the bonnet so I could slip them down her long legs. Holding her panties I could feel how wet she was.

I started kissing her ankles, and then moved up to her inner calf. I gently licked the soft skin behind her knee.

"I'm going to run my tongue up the inside of your thighs. I want you to take my fingers and lick them to make them nice and wet."

"Like this?" asked Susan breathlessly.

I kissed her on the lips to reward her.

"Yes, just like that."

I parted her legs and with my wet fingers, still covered in her saliva, I gently stroked the opening of her pussy. She leaned back and stretched her legs even further apart for me. I knelt down, my face ready to be smothered in her pussy juices. While my right hand was stroking her pussy, I grabbed her thigh with my left hand.

I bent my head down again and kissed her inner thighs, moving in the direction of her beautiful pink pussy, all the while gently biting at her soft flesh between each kiss.

My tongue ran over her pussy.

"I see you shaved for the occasion."

"Mmmm, I just love how it feels to have your tongue glide over my smooth pussy," Susan purred.

I pulled my fingers out and then back inside her wet pussy in a steady motion. I made the "come here" call with my middle finger. That movement helped me press deeper inside her warm, fleshy pussy. I lowered my head again and licked her all the way from the bottom to the top of her tight slit. Her clit stood to attention and I circled it with my tongue a few times before nibbling and sucking it.

"Bite harder," was Susan's response to this pussy-teasing.

I bit down a little harder and started moving my fingers in and out of her again, going deeper and deeper with each thrust. I pushed my tongue against her throbbing clit and could feel her pussy starting to tense up around my fingers.

I was going to make another woman cum, and it felt incredible...