 *****

I'm really pleased with this one, I feel it all came together very nicely. This story's just...pretty intense (as some of my BDSM stories have a way of being). The erotic scenes in this are amalgams of a number of my favorite elements I've put in other stories—between two new characters, who comprise a very young married lesbian couple. So settle in, get comfy and enjoy!

*****

A Picnic Blanket, Some Sandwiches, And Thou

Saturday, June 25th, 2016, 10:45 a.m.

It was a beautiful breezy summer morning shortly after the solstice. The crystal blue sky was dotted by only very few cloudlets. Birds and squirrels mingled in fully bloomed trees waving in the wind. Nature's warm perfume was seductive and elegant. It was green as could be in dozens of suburban neighborhoods throughout town, including that which Sequoia Avenue called home. 1124 Sequoia was the residence of Barbara and Josie Greer, two elatedly wedded wives in their mid-20s.

The Greers held hands, adjourning to their backyard. Barbara's other hand toted their tablecloth, Josie's the basket. They perched at the picnic table and got brunch started. Alongside lay their garden, which was one of the great joys of Josie's life, she being the gardener between them. Barbara and Josie—or Babsy and Jojo, as they affectionately referred to each other—kept what many would consider a remarkable marriage. They were one of the younger same-sex couples to tie the knot, especially fortunate to have met and fallen in love. Both Barb and Josie had one unique, common trait passed down by their folks. Even as kids, they were viewed as just a bit more responsible and mature than their peers, wired like grown women already during childhood. They were always good girls, diligent in their schoolwork and chores. Today they remained both intelligent and well-read. But this certainly didn't mean they did not enjoy having fun. They got playfully creative in courtship and flirting. Dating since teens, they married a year ago—and as was often the case with young exuberant lovers, maintained a smoking hot sex life.

One of the reasons they had things cooking so splendidly was that they were positively fearless in their lovemaking. They weren't half-bad at continuing to romance and woo one another either. They went on the occasional fancy date, gazed demurely into each other's warm, loving eyes, and flirted like the teens they were not very long ago at all. To be sure, things weren't always easy, but thus far, the Greers' love had conquered everything that was thrown at them.

Here today, as with many picnics at their backyard table, they held non-dominant paws—Josie's left, Barbara's right—while eating with their others. Random, indeterminable points witnessed them caressing palms with their thumbs, which still sent a tiny tingle of excitement through them. As far as their friends, families and everyone else who knew them were concerned, Jojo and Babsy were as firmly in love as the day they pledged their vows.

The couple earned enough to support themselves and their two cats, but would've been hard-pressed to raise children. Josie Sue Greer worked at a jewelry store in the Juniper Mall. Barbara Ann Greer (nee Cafferty) telecommuted from home on weekdays, enabling her to tend to their felines, Bumpers and Maxwell. Their schedules didn't always sync up, but both were free this gorgeous, sunny Saturday morning. And they loved the relative freedom of taking care of pets while not worrying about kids. Not that they didn't like children, but having kids was not to be their domain. They'd begrudge no one else the privilege; it just wasn't for the two of them personally. Besides, if caught by a child in the midst of private activities, they'd have to handle things carefully to avoid scarring the kid for life.

Barbara felt Josie give her fingers a little squeeze. "I love you, honey doll," she cooed between bites.

Barb coyly smiled and squeezed in return. "I love you right back, sweetie bear."

As so happened semi-often, after a few more moments of drinking in the limpid pools of their eyes, the Greer wives felt that familiar funny feeling. They proceeded to polish off their PB&Js, clean things up, vacate the picnic table and saunter back on inside, already beginning to tingle in their special spots.

"My, my, but that was a quick 'bruncheon,'" Barbara chuckled.

"Indeed. Not nearly as long as what I'm about to do to you," grinned Josie.

*****

Assumption

Saturday, June 25th, 2016, 11:32 a.m.

Babs and Jojo decided to play one of their favorite games today. In just about all their sexy scenarios, Josie played the domme to Barbara's dainty, delicate sub. As this setup worked so faithfully, marvelously well, they stuck with it. They'd virtually never tried the reverse, but both loved the way things were status quo. Babsy absolutely adored being on bottom, helplessly locked under Josie's magic passion spells. And Jojo could neither get enough of Barbara's yearning, pleading gasps for release, sumptuously begging to be allowed to climax. Both got so madly off on it, it was frankly hard to imagine altering.

The fantasy they were implementing this late morning was a cruel—but sizzlingly hot (and completely consensual)—roleplay. Just between the two of them, they called it "Beloved Rapist." It started the usual way: Josie remained dressed while Barbara slipped into the bathroom, turned on the shower, removed her clothes and replaced them with only a towel. The running of the shower served no purpose other than to help make it feel more real. Babs took her time undressing, while Jojo seductively leaned against the door frame and waited. Both got mentally into character. Finally, towel-clad Barbara shut the shower back off. Hearing it from outside, Josie curled her eyebrows down and lips up, into an evil grin. The doorknob turned, and out innocently stepped Babs, pretending to suspect nothing. She only hummed softly, until she noticed who else was here.

She gasped in mock fright. Josie let her grin spread, baring pearly whites at her. Barbara clutched one hand to the sternum, taking a first quivering step backwards. They loved to really get into the spirit of these games. Jojo stopped leaning on the door, and closed the space between them Barb just opened. She couldn't stop gleefully—and maliciously—smiling. This part was method acting.

Barbara's eyes trembled with theatrical fear. "Oh no," she whispered.

Josie nodded. "Oh yes. Greetings, lassie."

Her wife-slash-scenario victim whimpered. "W-wh-what-what a—...h-how-how d—..."

Jojo wagged a finger. "Don't you worry your pretty little head about that. Both you and I know, your Mommy and Daddy aren't going to be home for a long, long time. It's just you...and me."

Babs feigned more severe terror, blinking crocodile tears. "No...please..." she whined.

The first time they'd played this out from their fantastic imaginations, they took some temporary pauses. Barbara wasn't a professional actress, but she was so convincing, Josie began to fear she really didn't like it. But Barb assured her she truly loved being fantasy raped. It wasn't fantasy rape unless she really pretended to not want it to happen. And it blazed her up like wildfire. So since that day, Josie had only upped the ante on her. The mock-leer she held on Babsy's mock-grimace was mock-terrifying.

"Well..." cooed Josie, her voice dripping with syrupy malevolence. "I'll tell you what, little one.

"If you hand over that towel right now...I might go a little easy on ya."

Barbara was of course playing as frightened as could be, and so logically did as her character's captress asked. She let the towel drop to the floor, shielding her tits with one arm and concealing her pussy with the other paw. Josie's smile grew with satisfaction.

"There's a good little gal!" she praised, stooping to retrieve it. She rose back up to meet Babsy's eyes.

"Then again..." added Jojo, tossing the towel behind her. To her wife-slash-victim's horror, the sadistic smile returned.

"...Maybe I won't."

Babs fake-cried again. "Oh, no," she pleaded tearfully. "Please don't..."

Josie mercilessly marched on her, forcing the naked frightened Barbara back into the bedroom. Once she had her cornered, Josie poked her shoulder just enough to coerce her off her feet. and onto the bed. She proceeded to give Barb her next order.

"Now get on up there, sweetie pie. On your back."

Barbara tried to stand up.

"No. I don't want to. Please don't make me."

Josie's expression turned stern, boring into her with cold eyes.

"'No'?..."

Her victim shook her head. All part of the act. Josie seized her cue and delivered her next action.

"You say 'no' to me??..."

"...I...I-I just don't w—"

Josie grabbed her by the arm and turned her around. She reared back with her other hand.

"I'll give you 'no,' you little brat!!"

SPANK! Josie smacked her ass. Hard. Barb shrieked in oncoming tears, throwing her voice into the upper register to sound more like her violated child character. She was becoming very aroused already. And she had to figure Jojo was feeling the same. Jojo gave her a more forceful shove this time, again down onto the foot of the bed.

"Now get the hell up there, you little pipsqueak!" she growled. "This is your rapist speaking, and that's an order! When an adult tells you to do something, you do it! Do not keep me waiting, and do not make me angry."

Barbara gave another whimper, writhing and wriggling up the mattress while trying to keep her privates just that. Of course, her hands verified that she was already getting stiff and wet where it counted. But as they'd done time and time again, they kept up the pretense. So that for all intents and purposes, Barbara was being sexually stimulated against her will. It remained as delicious as ever.

"That's more like it!" Josie praised, in a much nicer tone. "See how smoothly things go when you do what you're told?"

In still timid character, Barb slunk up to the array of pillows waiting for her, and tucked herself into a ball. Josie became moist and excited as well, watching how Babsy curled up at her disposal. Her beloved's hand was between her thighs, concealing her clit and bush. But the way she lay on her side, face buried in her breasts, the slit of her pussy was exposed and vulnerable. Like a tasty fluffy muffin beneath her round, supple ass. Just begging to be consumed, despite how its owner felt about it. Jojo sauntered around to the side of the bed, where she could get Babsy's attention. She tapped her on the spine. Barbara only trembled and curled up tighter.

"I said..."

Josie reached out, kept her smile ear-to-ear, and with her next menacing words—

"...On your back."

...Tickled her pussy slit with a single index nail.

"Eeeee-hee-hee-hee!" Barbara squealed with laughter. The sensation indeed tickled, and sent wild lust through her at the same time. But for the fantasy to prove most effective, she had to go on faking non-consent, pretending she didn't like it. So once through with her laugh reflex, she reverted to panicked fear, and quickly did as her beloved rapist instructed.

"'Atta girl," said Josie. "Now then, assume...the position."

Both of course knew what this meant. Slowly and reluctantly, Barb shut her eyes, uncovered her genitals, and spread her limbs to the shape of a perfect 'x'. She turned her blushing, shamed face to one side, stewing in imagined humiliation. Her playmate Jojo retrieved the unwieldy but preferred device for her capture. It was a six-foot rectangular clothing rack the girls used as a shackling post. It was cumbersome, but not especially heavy. Josie placed it on the bed, encompassing Barbara's body.

"There we go! Now be a good little honey and hold still."

For convenience, they kept fuzzy cuffs attached at each corner of the rack, so restraint was quick and easy. Josie took Barb by the front and hind paws and cuffed her up, amid further entreaties of, "No, please!" Even though she of course really loved it.

"Oh, please, please don't do this to me!" Barbara blubbered.

"Oh, but it'll be fun!" Josie cruelly insisted. "Don't you wanna have fun??"

Now with her bride down and immobile, Josie seized the liberty once more and teased her taint with the same fingernail.

"AAAAAHHHahahahhhh!" Babs genuinely reacted. The outbursts brought on by violation of her nerve endings were legitimate, and needed no dramatic flair. These would be identical were she a woman of her own age or otherwise. Now shackled down, she reflexively struggled to get loose, but naturally to no avail. Josie was pleased.

"Oooh, you're likin' that, are ya?" she cooed, keeping it up and making Barbara break out in raucous laughs.

"No-o-o-o-o!" her betrothed wailed, flopping back and forth, tugging on the cuffs. "Ple-e-e-e-e-ease stop!"

Jojo laughed at her, then feigned sympathy. "Aw, what's the matter, sweetie?" she taunted. "Tickle?"

Barbara('s character) stopped laughing and promptly returned to weeping. "Miss Lady, please, let me go!" she begged. "I don't like this! You're scaring me! You're not supposed to touch me there!"

"Now, now, don't fight me," Josie('s character) leered, smoothing her wifey's pussy between her fingers. She reached for one of Barb's tits with the other hand. "I know better than you. You're just a child. You see, honey, your pussy's wet. That means you do like it. This is for your own good, dollface. I'm gonna make a woman outta you."

"B-b-b-but-but I...I-I-I don't wan—"

"OOOOOhhhhh..." Jojo admired, tweaking her nipples. "Well, you're already quite developed for such a young lady, aren't you now?"

"Eee! Eee!" Barb repeatedly exclaimed. "No! Stop!"

Josie sneered at her. "You didn't say 'Simone says.'"

"Simone says!"

"Sorry; Simone's out of town at the moment. Ergo, her words have no pull."

Barbara whimpered, dropping her head back on the pillow. She winced and cringed, shutting her eyes as she felt Josie continue copping feels over her fragile bare flesh. She whined and struggled, keeping up the act brilliantly. It went without saying and yet bore repeating that deep down, she loved this. God, it was so damn hot. She was already soaked, both knew it, and there was no denying it. Josie toyed with her pussy, collecting musky moisture from her inner lips and smearing it about the outer. Barbara went on spouting protests and objections, but her dear Jojo wouldn't let up for a moment. Her character was known as the "Beloved Rapist" for a reason.

"Ahhh..." Josie exhaled. "You silly, silly little thing."

Barbara's only response was a pitiful hint of a sob.

"You know, I must say, sweetheart..." continued Josie, stroking a fingertip over Babs' quivering abs.

"...I'm really quite disappointed in you."

Her wife wept like the character she was portraying, feeling shamed by any adult being disappointed in her, even one sexually accosting her at the moment. Jojo went on.

"I've visited you...molested you...and put you through absolute hell, time and time again."

Barb couldn't very well argue with that. Josie shook her head, t'sk'ing her.

"Kidnapping you...tying you up...taking away your clothes...and your virginity...torturing you...sexually abusing you...

"Terrorizing...tormenting...violating...haunting you...taunting you...forcing you to surrender to me...

"...All against your will. All these times."

Her eyes narrowed. Barbara knew she was in deep trouble now.

"And this is the thanks I get?...A refusal?!...

"Now what sort of way is that to repay me for all I've done to you? You think you can just say 'no' to me, your beloved rapist?..."

She shook her head again. "Mm-mm. Bad girl. Bad move. Big, mistake."

She separated Barb's drenched labia, pulled back her hood, exposing her clit, and fingered. Barb shut her eyes tight and screamed.

"That's right. See what happens when I seduce you, and you try to resist?..."

Her menacingly wicked smile returned. Barbara looked back up at her, and a delightful chill attacked. Josie's perfect eyebrows arched exquisitely down over her eyes, to put the fear-inducing evil in her full hearty grin. There was no doubt about it: Josie Sue Greer was born to be a top and a domme.

"Now look at'cha. Cuffed up naked, trembling like a little flower, nipples hard as stone, tight young pussy soaking wet...and that poor beautiful face a mess of tears." Josie shook her disapproving head yet once more.

"I certainly hope that you're satisfied, honey. That it was worth it.

"Don't you see??...Now I have to punish you for that!"

Barbara was so sizzlingly fired up and turned on she thought she would lose her mind. She heard each scolding word Josie laid on her, but her perception was growing fuzzy. Josie poured on the chiding as Barb burrowed her head back, moaning in sensual heaven.

"C'mon now, Barbie...you're a smart girl. You know better than that. You know the intense power I have over you. And you know just how easily I can break in on ya, grab ya between these pretty little legs...hold you down...strip you naked...get that ripe pink pussy as wet and red as I want it...make you cry like a bitch...and leave you sorry you were ever born.

"And yet...you refuse my advances?..."

Barbara gasped as she felt Josie indeed grip her cunt. She arched her back, clenched her paws into fists, and cried for mercy. Her legs shook, her feet flexed, and her captress wife lowered her voice to an ominous whisper.

"...Little girl, you have no idea how big you just fucked up."

Her beloved Babsy blubbered in humbled embarrassment. She also pretended her virgin ears had been offended by the 'f'-bomb. She kept struggling, much to Josie's cruel glee. The next bomb was then dropped on her.

"Now, I was actually gonna be a little gentler with ya this time..."

Barb rose her head to meet her eyes.

"But obviously, you wanna play rough. Well...I think I can arrange that..."

"Oh no-o-o-o-o..." Barbara complained. "I'm so sorry, Miss Lady, I...I didn't mean i—"

"No no no; it's too late for that, ragamuffin. I'm afraid you're going to have to pay for this, but good."

Barb pulled on her cuffs, grimacing and moaning. Josie took her chin in her hand and thought.

"Now then...how shall I teach you a proper lesson for this..." She gave it another few seconds' consideration, then snapped her fingers.

"I've got it!" She roguishly narrowed her eyes, settled down horizontally over the trembling Babs, rubbed her pussy, burrowing digits beneath, and glared straight down into the wifey's eyes.

"I'm gonna force you..." Josie quietly snarled, "...To tell me where your Mommy and Daddy hide their money."

This was new. Josie must have thought it up recently, because that particular element had never found its way into their games before. Barb thought she would laugh if it didn't jeopardize the mood, and if she wasn't so dizzied up in burning passion. She did the opposite, letting her character's motivation carry her.

Gasp. "What?!...Oh, nooooo!...Pleeeeeeeeeease!"

Josie chuckled sadistically, her face mere inches from Barbara's. She kissed her lips.
