 Faye and Sally have a day out and make new friends

The days following that Saturday were something of a blur; I know that's a cliché but stick with me on this. I'm not going to describe each time we made love because it would bore you and, after the first two chapters, you should be well versed in what we look like. However, I will give you a brief rundown of events so far.

My name's Faye, I am nineteen and I have long red hair down to my bum. I'm fairly skinny with small but pert breasts and I would say my legs are probably my best feature. I'm around five-foot-eight and most of that is my legs! I also have a cute little bottom and that's about it. Faye in a nutshell!

Sally was my longtime crush, she's married but her husband was a dick. So she came to my flat where, in chapter one, I seduced her and introduced her to lovemaking of a lesbian kind, and in chapter two I fucked her with a strap-on, which was exactly as much fun as it sounds.

Now, Sally... Sally is beautiful; she's a thirty-year-old primary school teacher who teaches kids under seven. She has short blonde hair that reaches her shoulders, recently she has started letting it go naturally curly, but its loose curls rather than one of those afro/perm type monstrosities. No offence.

She's a little shorter than me, about five-foot-six with a gorgeous figure. She is not as skinny as I am but she is slim, certainly nowhere near chubby! Imagine the quintessential first-year schoolteacher; bubbly and kind, smiley and effortlessly sweet, and you'll be somewhere near her.

Now we're all caught up, I'll tell you about the specific time we started properly experimenting with our sexual fantasies. You might remember that after I had fucked her with the strap-on she promised to do the same to me. She did, but I'm not going to talk about that now.

After the last chapter, you probably wouldn't be interested in how I climaxed with a seven-inch dildo stuffed in my pussy with my legs splayed open and her cute bum thrusting forward. It had torn into my body with enough force to make me see stars, and she had kept going like a mad woman. She groped at me, pulled my hair and kissed me with a passion I had no idea she possessed.

After getting me close to the edge, she had pulled out of me and licked at my engorged clitoris. Just the way I had done to her the previous night. The feeling of her soft lips and hot tongue on my most sensitive parts had sent me into a lustful daze; I orgasmed onto her beautiful face in what felt like an incredibly lucid dream. The realisation that it was not a dream came moments later when her body fell on top of mine and she kissed me.

But, I'm not going to tell you that story...

Instead, you might remember that both Sally and I had expressed certain interests in showing off, mainly because Sally had been so 'under the thumb' with her husband for most of their eight-year marriage. Even forbidding her from thinking about sex, yeah... he was, and still is, quite the bastard!

So, she had around six years' worth of sexual angst just bursting to come out and I wanted to help her. You might remember that in chapter one I talked about thinking of myself as a 'bad girl' including a time I'd worn a miniskirt and fishnets? Then I'd hidden it away, so I saw this as a chance to re-invent myself. So really, what I'm saying to you is that we both were ready to try new things.

Over the next couple of weeks, Sally and I spent as much time together as possible. I was working part-time at an office three days a week and Sally worked 8 to 5 every weekday. She started coming back to my flat after work because she wanted to be with me and the idea of going to her empty house was not appealing in the slightest.

We came to the natural conclusion that I should move into that house with her, so I started going there more often to see how it went, and it went very well. We made love a lot, but also enjoyed each other's company. So, less than a month after our first time together, we were living together!

It's a gorgeous house and obviously much bigger than my little flat, and after a week we were both comfortable. All my stuff was there now and the only change I insisted on was the removal of their marital mattress! I didn't want my head to touch any part of it that might've once had Steve's sweaty balls dragged over it! I'm sure you can understand why I insisted on that.

Altogether, it's about six weeks since the last chapter ended. Nothing about us had changed much, and I discovered that Sally could be quite submissive. She seemed to enjoy being told what to do, pretty ironic for a teacher, I know.

We had put all those fantasies, like dressing sexier and so on, on to back burner until we felt comfortable here. Sally still wore her dowdy long skirts and white shirts to school, nothing too flattering or alluring.

I was a little bolder when I went to work in the office. A knee-length black skirt and a silky white top were mandatory, I wore tights under the skirt though. No way am I wasting my legs on those old cunts at work, although they leered at me anyway.

The only good thing at work was the receptionist, Jenna, a cute twenty-something with brown eyes and black hair in a long ponytail with a seriously rocking body! She was only about five-foot-two and unlike me, she didn't mind going bare legged underneath her black skirt, and given how sexy she looked I didn't blame her!

I only have eyes for Sally, but I do appreciate a cute woman. I do prefer dresses though, and when I am at home, I like to have a nice bright knee or mid-thigh length dress on.

It was Friday night at about midnight and we were cuddled up on the sofa together, both with our short nighties on underneath a blanket. We had just finished watching a movie and were chatting about going to a large shopping centre that had just opened about twenty miles away. It would be a short journey on the train and gave us a chance to have our first proper girly outing together, as I mentioned earlier, things had been so hectic that it wasn't until now that we'd had a chance to catch our breaths and actually be a couple.

"Apparently it's huge," I said excitedly. "Tons of shops and restaurants, there's even a cinema there. Although why anyone would waste time watching a movie when there are dresses to be tried on... difficult to understand!" We both laughed and Sally kissed my hand.

"I love how much of a 'girly girl' you are," she smiled at me. "So will it be straight to the fashion section for us?"

"Perhaps," I mused. "To be honest I'm just looking forward to us actually being together out in the world."

"Aww that's so sweet," Sally cooed and kissed my hand again. "I just hope..."

"Hope what?" I asked, noticing her beautiful blue eyes had lowered.

"Uh, no it's nothing," she was still looking down.

"Now, Miss Sally, don't make me start poking you," I held a finger up and playfully jabbed her shoulder. "What's on your mind?" 

"It's silly but... I hope people don't think I'm your mother!"

"Don't be silly," I shook my head. "Why would they think that?"

"Well, I'm a lot older than you for a start..." she said cautiously.

"You're thirty; you're only eleven years older than me..." I interrupted.

"Exactly," she interrupted my interruption. "It's a big gap, not everyone would approve, and... there might be some younger, fitter girls out there and..."

"Okay, stop right there Sally," I said harshly. "I'm not going to run off with a younger woman, I told you I wanted you for so long, and I've moved in with you. No way would I do anything to split us up, besides... okay, it's a bit of an age gap, but you do not look that much older than me! You're beautiful and you'd easily pass for a much younger woman. So no more thinking I'm going to run off okay? Besides we've fucked each other with a dildo and licked each other's pussy, which means we're practically married in gay terms."

"Okay, honey, I'm sorry." She sighed. "I just look at you sometimes and can't believe I managed to attract someone so beautiful ..."

Sally had to stop speaking because I interrupted her again, but this time with my tongue. I slipped it into her mouth while she was talking and drew her into a long kiss. We smooched and I ran my hand through her hair, then down her exposed shoulder and bare arm to where she was holding the blanket in her hand. I took it off her and tossed it to the floor, revealing our thin nighties.

We both had our legs tucked under us so I could reach down and caress her knee and then her thigh without breaking our kiss. I reached underneath her thin nightie and ran my hand along her legs, but I couldn't get to her pussy because of how her legs were pressed together but that was okay, I knew how much she loved it then I caressed her thighs. Eventually, I released her lips and leaned away from her.

"Why would I want anyone else when I have my cute little teacher here?" I asked with a naughty smile. "Stand up in front of the sofa so I can look at you."

As I said earlier, she enjoys being told what to do and I had a little idea to help her feel better. She nodded and smiled, and stood up facing me. I put my feet on the floor with my knees together and rearranged my hair so it was cascading over my right shoulder. I was trying to look like an innocent schoolgirl knowing how much she liked that as well. She liked to pretend I was a sixth form student and... well... more on that another time.

For now, I needed to prove to Sally that I thought she was more beautiful and sexy than any other girl, regardless of age.

"Good, now do you remember a while ago when I first used the strap-on on you? You got so horny you tore off your skirt and I told you it turned me on?"

"Yeah, of course, I remember it, it's not something I'll ever forget," she giggled.

"Well, why don't you tear off that sexy little nightie," I winked. I also opened my legs and put my hand between them and started rubbing my panties into my slit. "See how horny you make me just by standing there? You might not think you are as pretty as I say you are but look, I can't keep my hands off myself!" I rubbed myself harder and let my legs swing as far apart as I could.

"Wow," Sally looked at me with a mixture of surprise and doubt. Maybe she thought I was joking with her but my constant movement under my panties seemed to convince her so she started to walk towards me.

"No," I held up my hand to stop her. "Go and stand back where you were."

"You don't want me to touch you?" She pouted a little and looked down at her feet.

"Baby, I need to show you how much you turn me on," I lifted one of my legs up onto the sofa to give her a nice view of my panty covered teenage pussy. "I need you to see what you do to me, even without touching me. Look how wet you make me..." I showed her my hand covered in my hot juice. "See, baby, no one could do this to me but you, god you look so hot in that nightie, turn around and show me your cute ass."

"Uh... okay," Sally held out her arms and slowly turned around. "Is this okay?"

"Mmmm yea, it's more than okay, baby. Bend over and touch your toes," I was seriously enjoying this, and Sally did as she was told. Her nightie rode up over her panties and her sexy bum poked out. It took all my strength to stay where I was and not run over to her, push her to the floor and lick her until she screamed.

"Shall I stand up now?" She asked.

"Yeah stand up and turn around, baby," I watched her stand up and turn with a slight wiggle of her bum. She was starting to enjoy this little game and enjoying this power she had to turn me on. When she saw me again her eyes lit up, I'd discarded my nightie and had one hand cupping my breast and the other in my panties with my middle finger darting in and out of me. My eyes never left her, and now I gazed into her eyes.

"Do you believe me now, Sally? Oh god, you're so fucking hot... mmmm," I fingered myself harder, still my eyes never left her. "I need to see more of you," I spoke like a starving girl begging for a morsel of food. "Please, show me more, baby."

"You want to see these," she grasped her boobs over her nightie and massaged them together, then threw her head back and wiggled her hips. Oh god, she was really getting into this now.

"Mmmm, yea, I do..." I begged.

"On one condition," she held a finger up to me.

"Anything," I promised.

"Call me... Miss Webster," Sally was touching herself under her nightie now, getting off on watching me! It was as hot as fuck!

"Okay, please Miss Webster, show me your sexy tits so I can stare at them while I finger myself," I pleaded.

Even just referring to her like that sent me up a level in arousal. It seemed to have a similar effect on her because she wiggled her hips and turned away from me again, and then dragged her hands up her body and over her chest. God, she is almost doing a striptease for me!

Then she turned back around to face me, stared right into my eyes and tore a hole right in the middle of her nightie! Her naked breasts suddenly on show coupled with the tearing sound of the fabric as it gave way made my pussy weep and burn. My nipples were stiffer than ever and even the slight breeze coming from the window brushing over them was like agony and ecstasy rolled into one luscious bundle.

I felt my release wash over me, looking at my girlfriend dancing in her ruined nightie with her fingers massaging her pussy was just too much! I heard the sound of fabric tearing again but this time I was the one to blame, the forceful fucking I was giving myself proved too much for the tight panties and the waistband started to give way. Nothing could be allowed to slow me down and I didn't have time to slide them off so instead I followed my girlfriend's example and ripped them away!

"Go on, baby. Look at me while you cum," Sally was fixated on me, wide-eyed and thrilled.

I did as she asked and locked my emerald green eyes on her baby blues. I came all over my hand, screeching as I did but never letting my gaze fall. I felt my juices flow over my hand and squeezed my thighs hard together so hard it hurt my hand but I didn't care. My body juddered again and the last of my orgasm melted away. I looked down at my pussy then back at her.

"So..." I struggled to catch my breath. "Do you believe that I think you're hotter than any other girl now?"

"Yeah, I have to admit, you know how to make a girl feel pretty," she laughed. "It was really hot too; I liked it when you were watching me..."

"I noticed," I smiled at her. "I think you're a bit of an exhibitionist."

"I wouldn't go that far..." she blushed.

"I would," I persisted. "The way you wiggled your hips, the look on your face when you saw how hot you made me..."

"Okay, okay, I admit it. I do like it when people look at me in that way," she confessed at last. "It does make me feel more attractive."

"Well," I smiled at her. "I think we can explore that, imagine if we did something like this outside!"

"What? Tear our clothes off and finger ourselves?" Sally blurted out.

"No, not to that extreme, but maybe we could touch each other, play around a little, maybe we could hide somewhere and I could lick you!" I winked.

"Faye! Are you serious? We'd be arrested!" 

"Not if we're careful, and don't you think it would be exciting? We could wear short dresses or skirts and then sneakily get each other off..." the thought was pretty exciting to me.

"I don't know," she obviously didn't realise that while we'd been talking about it I'd started stroking my pussy again and she was stroking her breast and ever-so-slightly rubbing her thighs together!"

"Hmm, you know what I think?" I caught her gaze.

"What do you think?" Sally asked. She seemed to still be thinking about what I'd suggested a moment ago.

"I think we need to get changed and go to bed!" I figured that if I changed the subject and didn't try to convince her that she'd enjoy it anymore, it would sit in the back of her mind. "Come on, Miss Webster!"

"I can't believe I made you say that! You must think there's something wrong with me!" She sounded genuinely concerned.

"Hey, its fine, remember what I told you?"

"Huh?"

"If it feels good, it doesn't matter if it's right or wrong! We do whatever we want, okay?" I reminded her.

"Okay, I guess I just liked the idea of you being a sixth form student, and me being your teacher and you telling me what to do and...oh god, there really is something weird about me isn't there?" She laughed as she said which might've been to hide a bit of shame in her fantasy.

"Hey, you wouldn't be the first person to have a schoolgirl fantasy y'know," I said as I stood up and went to her for an embrace, and while we hugged she looked up at me.

"I guess, but I am a real teacher," she said. I looked down and kissed her on the tip of her nose.

"That just makes it hotter," I laughed like it was a joke, but I was serious. It was hot as hell as far as I'm concerned. We kissed and smooched a little then cleaned ourselves up and headed for bed, Sally found a thin t-shirt and I found some replacement panties for the night and we climbed in together.

"Goodnight, baby," I whispered and turned off the light.

"Nighty night," she whispered back and after a lingering goodnight kiss, we drifted off.

The last thoughts I had before sleep were of her in front of a sixth form class in a mini dress with her hands in her panties fucking herself, then picturing both of us in a public place touching and kissing each other while passers-by clucked their tongues and tutted at us. It was enough to dampen my panties slightly just as I finally fell asleep.

~~~

So, the next day we were up and showered by 11 am and picking through our clothes, looking for something cute, sexy, distinguished, flattering, sexy and demure.

I know I said sexy twice, but that is because it had to be twice as sexy as everything else. Unfortunately, this caused a few problems, especially for Sally. She was still feeling nervous by the whole thing even though I told her on numerous occasions that we didn't really have to be naughty if she didn't feel like it. I think she just didn't want to disappoint me and I didn't want to push her, so you can see how all of the above made it difficult to pick an outfit that ticks all the boxes.

There was another problem; Sally's clothes are... well... conservative at best, and downright boring at worst. A sea of grey, black and beige (yeah, beige shorts, what kind of sick mind would make an item of clothing that colour?) The simple option would be to lend her one of my shorter dresses, but I'm leggier than she is and even my short dresses came down to just above her knee and the sleeves were out of proportion. No, this would not do at all so I made an executive decision.

"Okay, it's going to have to be this one," I picked out a light grey dress that came down to her knees with a wide collar. "But, we need to make an agreement on something." I brushed my hair back and looked at her; she was in a bathrobe sitting on the edge of the bed.

"Okay, what do you have in mind?" she asked cautiously.

"The first nice clothes shop we go to, you let me pick out a dress for you. Then you have to dump this in a bag," I told her.

"Okay, but... I get to pick one for you too, deal?" I was thrilled that she was starting to show a little excitement! I knew there was another layer to her, a sexual monster just waiting to be unleashed.

"Deal," I held out my hand and she shook it. We both laughed and I shuffled towards her on my knees and laid the dress I'd chosen for her on the bed beside her. I was on my knees in front of her with a very nice view. Her legs were crossed and the robe was open at the bottom, so after I let go of her hand I started stroking her leg and lightly kissed her knee. "Sally..."
