 Amy Hart knew from the moment she saw Edna Martinez that the brunette would be her subbie. Edna had that forlorn look all submissive lesbians have, knowing in their hearts that they only live to worship pussy, making their lives singularly focused, keeping them unhappy when they aren't in one of the innumerable positions from which they can practice their craft. Making love to pussy.

That's how Amy thought of pussy worshippers, they have a craft and it is to live that description, worship pussy by paying endless oral love to it wherever they find it.

And Amy intended to find out quickly how exactly how much this slut loved pussy.

They were in the mall and Amy was window-shopping when she first noticed Edna. Amy realized the woman was tagging along after her, just like so many pussy hounds do; trying to appear non-chalant when Amy was pretty sure Edna was burning up with desire. Of course, the two had not met and so neither actually knew the other's name at this point. 

Amy saw Edna squeezing her legs together as if to relieve the excitement she was feeling in her own pussy. But Amy could care less about Edna's pussy; all that mattered was Amy's divine cunt and The blonde was now more determined than ever to get this slut on her knees serving her superior blonde pussy. 

Then, Amy suddenly felt fluids sliding down her legs. Of course, Amy had no panties on; she never did when she was going hunting for a face to service her. Amy's pussy always started leaking and flowing when she was in the vicinity of a pussy hound; it was like she knew there was a face ready to serve her and her pussy was always ready for service. The juice was really starting to flow down Amy's legs as she thought more and more about the brunette tailing her and the fact that soon, very soon, the brunette would be eating it. Amy liked to think of it that way, as her subbies eating IT. And there was no shortage of that flow. Most of Amy's lovers called her "Juicy Lucy" in tribute to her flowing pussy. And Amy's flow was both loose and gooey, both kinds of sex cream for her pussy worshippers to wallow in, to coat their tongues, faces, noses and mouths.

So, since Amy was leaking anyway, she decided to give the little subbie behind her a better show. Amy thought she was looking really hot and Edna wasn't the only mall shopper casting glances her way. But for the moment, she was the one Amy's pussy was flowing for.

Amy was dressed in a short, very short, pink leather mini-skirt and a matching, barebacked halter top tied at the waist and neck, giving anyone who wanted to look a nice view of her golden, tanned flesh, around her face, her neck, at the midriff, and plenty of curvaceous leg. Amy knew she was a hottie and she liked to flaunt it. Amy always thought it was funny when people would say something like, "Doesn't she know what a tease she is?" Well, of course, teases know they are teases and Amy was one of the worst. And Amy knew she was teasing the short brunette who was tailing her. And, she wanted to tease Edna more.  To turn Edna's already saliva-producing mouth into a real river of spit as she thought about eating Amy's glorious pussy.

One thing was for sure, the brunette was more than just trailing Amy, and she was now openly, blatantly and lewdly stalking the blonde beauty. Her tongue was practically hanging out of her mouth with desire, desperately seeking its intended target. And Amy intended that the brunette's mouth, lips, tongue and face would not miss that target – her pussy.

Amy noticed that the brunette had given up the pretense of casually strolling and window-shopping in the same area as Amy. She was now openly ogling the tanned and lithesome flesh Amy had so carefully placed on display to draw in a pussy hound such as this slut. Amy, who was feeling supremely confident that the brunette would soon be servicing her, decided to drag it out, however, and to give the pussy lover who was following her an expanded show.

Amy began by stroking her arms, scratching her tanned legs and then her exposed, flat and muscled stomach. Then she bent over and allowed the brunette a full view of her pantiless charms. With each movement, Amy further inflamed the brunette.

Let me leave a little gift here for her, Amy thought to herself. And with that thought, Amy ducked into the Victoria's Secret store. Amy gave the brunette a few moments to scurry inside the store and to get herself into a position near her soon-to-be Goddess.

Once the brunette was situated a few feet away from Amy, the younger girl made a big show of reaching into her purse and pulling out a wad of Kleenex tissue. She put the wad in her right hand and in full view of the brunette she reached between her legs and swabbed the tissue through her pussy lips, soaking the flimsy paper in both her gooey and runny pussy juice. Amy then turned her head to look at the tissues and then tossed a disdainful sneer toward the brunette and then she blithely pitched the tissue paper on top of a display of thong panties.

Amy glanced at the brunette again and casually waved her hand from the brunette toward the soiled tissue as naturally as if she were telling the woman where the bus stop was. The clear invitation by Amy was for the brunette to come and sample her wares. Even if it was second hand – for now.

Amy then turned on her shapely heel and walked 10 feet or so away from where she had left her offering to the brunette.

The brunette, no matter how debasing or embarrassing it seemed, moved steadily toward the blonde's "gift". She just couldn't resist the offering and even though it was a blatant admission of her submission to Amy, submission to the superior young blonde woman even if she had never met her and didn't even know her name.

The brunette could not hold back, she bolted to the pile of black thong panties and stood over the blonde's gift. She looked down at the treasure and reached to pick it up.

Amy snickered and laughed at the brunette's open display of pussy lust.

The brunette reached to touch the goo-encrusted tissues with such reverence and awe it was as if she were about to touch the Holy Grail. In fact, for this slut, it was her Holy Grail. She stopped her hand just before reaching the tissue and looked over again at the scantily clad Amy and then quickly picked up the tissues that were soaked in Amy's pussy sauce. She brought it slowly to her face, stopping it when it was about an inch under her nose. Then, with her eyes locked with Amy's, she took a deep inhaling breath. And Amy nodded her arrogant approval.

The gorgeous blonde then turned on her heel and headed toward the dressing rooms. She didn't see Edna bring the tissues to her lips and begin to lick the pussy juice. She didn't see it, but she instinctively knew that was what the brunette would be doing. It would give her enough time to get to the dressing room and prepare for Edna's arrival. 

Sure enough, Edna headed into the dressing room area and wandered around until she got to the last room, the only one where the door was closed and where she figured the gorgeous blonde would be. Edna, feeling an overwhelming sense of hunger, knew she would be feeding soon, and it couldn't come soon enough.

Edna knocked lightly on the door and heard the wonderful melodic voice of the blonde call to her.

"Come in."  It was all the blonde said, but it was enough for Edna. The brunette slowly opened the door and wasn't surprised, but was delighted that Amy was standing bare-ass naked, wearing only pink, strappy heels.

And 25-year-old Edna took it all in, took in the vision of heaven that was before her. Amy Hart, all 115 pounds of her in a delightful five foot, eight inch frame, with 38DD tits and a body with curves in all the right places. Plus, Edna noted, her creamy skin was tanned golden brown, all over, no bikini lines.

Edna, overwhelmed to be in the presence of such beauty, did manage to lift her eyes and look Amy over from head to toe, beginning with her blonde platinum hair, split neatly down the middle of her head and hanging to a spot just above her glorious breasts. For only a moment, she noticed the perfect make up that adorned Amy's face. A face that in addition to the large blue eyes, set off with eyeliner, included an adorable nose, lips that looked to be made for kissing and a small dimple in her chin.

Edna's eyes then continued their loving appraisal of Amy's body, moving down to her perfect breasts, topped with light brown nipples that were erect and obviously showed her state of arousal. The pussy worshipper's eyes continued down to Amy's perfectly flat stomach and on to her glorious pussy. Edna managed to tear her eyes from that treasure to finish taking in the 20-year-old's legs, which were thin, sexy and graceful. Edna could hardly believe her luck in being in the presence of such beauty and sexuality. She knew that her hunger would be fed shortly.

She couldn't think of a thing to say to the dream girl in front of her. A part of Edna wanted to fall down on her knees and kiss the girl's toes, which were visible through her pink heels. Another part wanted to ask the blonde if she could slake her thirst and hunger for pussy by worshipping the lips so blatantly on display in front of her. She did neither, however and waited for Amy to command her. Edna was very good at following a beautiful woman's orders.

Amy didn't speak; she only raised her arm and crooked her finger toward the glassy-eyed slut in front of her. Edna shuffled over toward her dream and wasn't surprised when once she got in front of Amy; the younger woman simply put her hand on Edna's head and began to lightly push down.

Edna allowed herself to go to her knees, bringing her flushed face on a level with Amy's muff. And Amy knew that the close-up look Edna was getting at her pussy would be a shocker. For Amy knew that in reality she didn't have just a pussy, she had a cunt!!

Amy had a cunt with big puffy lips that drooled her cunt juice onto her thighs; it was for some women a bit of a scary sight. Not for Edna, though, she loved it, knowing that it took a full cunt like this to provide her with the feeding she craved to slake her desires.

Amy knew from her conversations with pussy sluts who had dined at the shrine at the top of her thighs that pussy worshippers regarded her cunt as a wild animal, out to take down the faces of twat eaters.

Amy told Edna to look up at her face.

"I want to look in your eyes as my pussy mates with your face, do it, make love to my cunt."

Amy held her hand at the side of Edna's face and guided it to her pussy, all the while locking eyes with Edna. Just before contact was made, Edna stuck out her tongue to approval from Amy.

"Very good. You know that you are about to dine on the pussy flesh of a woman you don't even know, right? You don't even know my name, but your mouth, lips and tongue will, very soon, be quite familiar with my pussy. This tells me that you are not romantically involved with me, you just want cunt. Now, tell me all of that."

"I don't know your name, but I strongly desire to eat your pussy. It doesn't matter that I don't know your name, I just want your pussy."

"Good girl. Now, keep that tongue sticking out and I will rub my slit over it, don't do anything right now, just allow your tastes to be whetted for the pussy feast you are about to indulge in."

And Amy proceeded to use Edna's tongue, teasing not only herself, but also the supplicant in front of her. Both women knew their roles and both cherished them. Amy knew it was a perfect mating, her voracious cunt with the mouth and face of a true pussy worshipper.

It was a beautiful act of body worship; Edna's adoration and Amy's acceptance. Truly beautiful for those who found that sort of subservience stimulating. And both Amy and Edna were among those who appreciated the worshipful love dance they were just beginning.

Although neither woman knew the other's name, they were fully able to participate in the sexual rendezvous in the Victoria's Secret dressing room. Once Amy had sated her initial desire to use Edna's tongue, she told the older woman that she wanted to lay on her shoulders with her back nestled up against Edna's front and spread her legs lewdly in front of the pussy hound.

Quickly, the pair was in position, Amy's legs were widespread, opening all of her charms to Edna's hungry gaze. And Amy knew exactly what Edna wanted.

"Do you want to continue to lick it or do you really want to eat it?"

Amy's answer came as Edna lowered her face and began to gobble the cunt in front of her.

"Just as I thought slut. Sluts like you always want that sticky little pussy glued to their lips, the sweaty little gash fucking their face, the thick slimy goo filling their mouth. You want to be a blonde's slut bitch don't you? To take her superior cum in your mouth, your slutty pussy mouth. 

Edna's tongue made one long swipe from the bottom of Amy's gash to the top, coating her tongue with Amy's warm, salty discharge. 

"Mmmmmmmmm," Edna moaned as even more of the thick, creamy potion coated her palate and throat. Edna's tongue continued licking, probing the luscious, tangy pussy. Suddenly, Amy's hips began a slow, thumping tempo on Edna's tongue. 

Edna could feel Amy's fingers under her nose as she stroked her own clit, leaving Edna with her wet gash and Edna's futile attempt to lick it dry. Amy's hips continued their rhythm, her hand under Edna's head holding the pussy worshipper's mouth firmly to her, Edna's tongue and jaws aching to keep up with Amy's approaching orgasm. 

Edna felt Amy's body stiffen, heard the low, short grunts emitting from her throat as she filled Edna with her tangy, addictive cum juices. Edna almost lapped herself into unconsciousness, the gurgle in her throat caused by Edna's gasping for breath and swallowing at the same time. 

Amy had fed Edna for the first time, but Amy felt it would not be the last.