 I'm awoken hours before the sun sets by the sounds of combat just a short distance away, igniting my blood-lust. The screams of men, bones crunching, muscles tearing, hearts pumping as arteries are severed and blood soaks uselessly into the earth. I want to be a part of it, clawing at flesh, blood, sweet, thick and hot dripping down my chin as I drink my fill. But instead of gorging myself, I'm stuck with an all consuming hunger, waiting in this dank fucking cave until the sun drops below the horizon. 

The battle ended long before I could leave my temporary prison, finally emerging to find it had been snowing, the dead shrouded in a thick blanket made glittering by the moonlight. I don't linger long, I want a fresh meal, not this rotting and festering offal. The ravens have already arrived to pluck and prick at any exposed flesh, and If those carrion birds are here the wolves will soon follow, so I leave them to their feasting. 

Instead I follow a trail through the trees, my boots crunching quietly in the snow with each step as the winter flowers dust me with pollen and a faintly spiced perfume. I've always loved the snow, the landscape transformed and given an almost ethereal quality and starlight making the very ground glisten. 

The surviving soldiers had built an encampment a little way to the east, between a small copse of pines and the river, their bawdy revelry destroying the nights tranquility. I get lucky and find a suitable victim before I even have to enter the noisy camp. He's stumbling deeper into the wood towards me, looking I guess to relieve himself against some unfortunate tree. I've never liked feeding from drunks, they leave a bitter aftertaste and a cloudy head, but I haven't eaten in days so I cannot bring myself to care. At least he won't give up much of a fight and there is always the option go back later for something sweeter. 

My skin prickles in anticipation before I attack him with a supernatural speed, my mouth clamping instantly to his neck, fangs sinking deep into his skin for that first quenching gush of blood. Small drops raining red onto the virgin snow. 

It's not long before I drain the last of his lifeblood, letting the corpse drop heavily and unceremoniously to the ground. But the soft thud his body makes isn't enough to cover a startled gasp I hear from behind me. I turn to find a woman, wide eyed and trembling, peeking from behind a pine tree. She doesn't scream or cry out, just stands there, I suppose her shock at finding me keeping her ridged with fear, her blue eyes locked with my green. I don't know how long we could have stayed like that, if at that moment a wolf hadn't howled in the distance, rousing her to take flight. 

She doesn't get far before I reach her, grabbing her throat to push her form firmly against the nearest tree. Her pulse thumps wildly beneath my fingers, setting a different kind of hunger burning. 

"please don't kill me. " She stammers, and I just about contain the urge to roll my eyes, one of these nights it would be nice to hear an original plea for mercy. 

"I'm not going to kill you. " I tell her, surprised as she to find that I actually mean it. 

Now that I have her, I let myself study the woman's features. Deep red hair frames a pale, heart shaped face with delicate freckles sprinkled over soft cheekbones. My gaze moves downward to find a mole just below my thumb, marking her fluttering pulse point. I barely resist an intense pull to lean in and feel that steady rhythm against my lips. Looking further I notice another mole on the curve of her collarbone and yet another gracing the swell of her breast, gently rising and falling with each breath she takes. I lick my lips, wondering just how far this delicious trail leads. I close my eyes to try and calm my rising desire, but all it does it make me more aware of the blood pounding through her veins and her scent, an intoxicating mix of pine, sweet honey and cinnamon. 

"what's your name?" I ask, trying to distract myself. 

The question seemed to catch her off balance, her lips taking a few moment to form an answer before, in a breathy rush she says "Ava, my name's Ava. "

"Ava" I repeat. Trying out the name on my tongue, and discovering I quite like the taste. 

"And what brings you out into the woods on such a bitter night?"

She hesitates. An embarrassed blush colouring her cheeks. 

"I had a dream. " She mumbles. 

A smirk curves my lips "A dream? What kind of dream?"

She doesn't answer my question. But instead I watch her as she steels herself, a challenge alighting her blue eyes as she says "come with me. "

******************

She leads me towards her home as a flurry of snowflakes begin to fall and my mind drifts into a fantasy. I imagine laying her down, her red hair splayed out on pristine white, my hands on that delicate skin, making her writhe and moan beneath me as her heat melts the snow surrounding us. . . I turn my head to the sky, letting out a frustrated huff. God, has it really been so long that I'm now reduced to these fanciful daydreams. 

All too soon we reach her house, breaking me from my reverie. It's a humble and weather beaten stone cottage, it looks as though it had fallen from the clifftop and wedged between two great pillars of rock. She enters, leaving me to wait on the threshold as she flits about the single room, lighting the many candles before she finally notices my situation. 

"Oh, I'm sorry. " She says with a kind smile I'm not used to being directed at me "Please come in. " 

It's a very small room, furnished modestly with just a single shabby chair, a standing mirror and an old dresser beside a (thankfully) double bed. 

She kneels before the hearth, placing a few more logs on the dwindling flames, the firelight flickers across her face, revealing the coppers and golds in her hair. She pushes a stray lock from her face as she stands and I can no longer hold myself back. Stepping purposefully across the room, I stop mere inches before her, asking a silent question. Her gaze falls to my lips, licking her own plump bottom one as she does, making it glisten invitingly, and it is all the answer I need. Threading my fingers through red tresses I close the remaining distance, swallowing her moan in a bruising kiss. Her hands finding purchase on my lower back, pulling me in impossibly closer as she deepens the kiss, tongue demanding entrance, hips and chest pressed against mine. I all but growl into her mouth at the extra contact. A couple of steps and I've pinned her to the wall, never stopping the wet hot frenzy of lips and tongues. My hands move to briefly cup her jaw, before gliding down to cup the soft curves of her breasts. She pulls away, breathless, and I shift to nip and suck along her jaw till I can finally place my lips on that skipping, throbbing pulsation at her neck. Fingers tangle in my hair, holding me in place, as I resist the urge to sink my teeth into that delicate flesh. "Not yet" I tell myself. 

I return to the liquid warmth of her mouth, kissing her with a primal urgency and subtle violence. In my impatience to see her, to feel every inch of that pale skin under my hands, my lips, my tongue, I swiftly rip the dress that keeps it from me. The fabric pools at her feet, her body gleams in the firelight. Radiant. If I had breath, she would have taken it from me. 

Her hands reach for the hem of my shirt, but I capture her wrists before they can accomplish their task. 

She leans back, a frown marring her features. "I want to see you. " She whispers, her breathe hot against my lips. 

I turn her so that we're both facing the mirror, chin resting against her shoulder, my arms wrap around her, holding her tight against me. Seeing herself exposed she loses all of her recent boldness and becomes bashful, eyes cast down at the floor, hands trying to cover her nakedness. I pull them away and lace her fingers with mine. 

"Look. " I tell her, and she meets my gaze in our reflection as I ghost kisses across a freckled shoulder. She tilts her head, allowing me better access, my lips move up her neck unable to help nipping lightly on that tender patch of skin just below her ear. I feel a shiver running through her body in response. 

"You're beautiful. " I purr into the shell of her ear. "I want you to watch yourself. Can you do that?"

She doesn't answer, so I bite down firmly on her earlobe. 

"Yes!" She gasps. 

My hands smooth around the curve of her hips as I kiss and nibble on her neck. I move my left hand up to knead and caress her breast, feeling her nipple rise and harden in response. I let my right shift southwards to the slick heat found between her thighs. She gasps softly at the first touch, clutching at my forearm, forcing me harder against her, her fingers digging into my skin. Blue eyes flutter momentarily and when she looks back up there is no longer shame in her eyes, only lust and an intense need. With my hand on her chest I can feel her heart pounding under her rib-cage as my other works fast, pressing and stroking firmly at her clit, bringing her closer to climax. I see her pale skin become more heated and flushed with each brush of my fingers, the room filled with breathy moans and sharp gasps. 

I hold her eyes as I let my fangs extend, showing her clearly my intent. "Are you sure?"

"Please. " She begs. 

No more waiting, I sink my teeth into soft flesh, where neck meets shoulder, intoxicated by that first taste of rich, exquisite blood. She cries out, a sound both of pleasure and pain, free hand coming up to grasp my neck, as her body rushes toward orgasm. She comes undone, head falling to my shoulder, hips jerking and thighs trembling, till she slumps, spent and exhausted against me. 

I hold her up as she catches her breath and I lap the slowing trickle of blood at her neck. Once I know the bleeding has stopped, I gather her in my arms and lay her down on the thick mattress. I curl my body around her, unable to stop touching as she turns with a lazy, sated smile and places a tender kiss on my still bloody lips.