 I'm not much of a drinker, at all; a bit of wine here and there, or maybe I'll sip at a cold beer when it gets too hot out. So, I surprised myself and I'm sure everyone around me as well when twice this week, both times at Cinco De Mayo parties I had too much tequila and got pretty silly.

I kept my clothes on at the work party. The worst thing I did was flirt with my uptight born again boss. It's mean of me to make the poor guy squirm. I'll blame Senor Cuervo for it this time. The best thing I did was getting a ride home From Rocio, the sister of one of our salesmen.

Rocio comes in twice a week for only a couple of hours, to help with payroll. She goes to school full time and her family insists she not work until she's finished. It's wonderful how they all support her. Her tuition and most of her living expenses are paid by a good dozen different brothers, cousins, aunts and uncles all kicking in.

Rocio has to work a little bit though. A girl must have some walking around money; money that she doesn't feel guilty spending on partying, mostly with other girls. Rocio does like the girls. She has eyed me and flirted with me from the moment we met. She was 18 then, and seemed too young to do anything more than fantasize about. I was only 22 myself but I was married and the last thing I needed was a young girl associated with my work thinking we were in love.

Rocio is 21 now and curvy and gorgeous and flirtier than ever. We took turns "accidentally" grazing each other every time we passed. I'd lift my hand to grab a cup from the shelf, and oops, did my wrists make contact with her breast? She'd walk past me to get to the food tray and, uh oh, the back of her hand slid across my ass. The game got sillier and sillier and I was worried that we were becoming too obvious but I was enjoying myself too much, so I kept drinking the margaritas she made me and I kept finding myself looking into her eyes. I wanted her, bad.

Brian would be out of town with his brother on a camping trip all weekend. It was getting late and I needed a ride home. I was in no condition to drive. Rocio had made me margaritas all night, but hadn't sipped one herself, cunning little trollop that she was.

"I'm happy to drive you Is." she volunteered.

"I'm so very happy to let you Rocio."

I slid into the passenger seat of her little black two-seater and waited, anxious, I would pounce as soon as we were out of the office parking lot. I was hot as could be and my inhibitions were being held prisoner in an empty bottle of tequila. I could barely constrain myself. I admired Rocio's thighs as she raised her skirt, no doubt for my benefit, and took a seat behind the wheel. I placed my hand on her thigh, saw her bite her lip and she pulled the car out of its spot. I looked up to see my god fearing boss looking at us through the windshield. I gave him a smile and he gave me a nervous little grin.

The car was three blocks away from work and my hand had slid to the top of her thigh. I'd raised her skirt up enough that I could see her pretty black panties and I couldn't wait a second longer. As Rocio kept both hands on the wheel I kissed her neck, behind her ears, pulled at her hair. My hand worked up and down her amazing sexy thighs. I let my hands venture between her legs, felt her push back and then continued on up to her stomach. I felt her breasts, large and firm. I squeezed her shoulders.

I was anxious to get this woman home, and undressed and to fuck her properly but I was also loving this almost bondage scenario. She had to keep her hands on the wheel, her feet at the pedals, and I was free to run my hands over her at will. I gave her terrible directions to prolong the short drive to my house. I unbuttoned her blouse and pushed her lacy black push up bra down just enough to have two firm brown nipples peaking out over the top of each cup.

A honking horn let me know I was getting her hot. She'd closed her eyes at the stop light and the car behind her had to let her know it had turned green. The impatient man pulled up next to us at the next intersection to see what kind of idiot can't see a light turn green. What he saw was me sucking Rocio's nipples. The car behind him honked as the light turned green.

I had my hand in Rocio's panties now and she was wet and swollen. "Pull over, there, behind the gas station." I ordered. The station had been out of business for years. Behind the building Rocio parked and made to jump at me.

"No. Sweetheart," I kissed her on the mouth. "You keep your hands on the wheel." She did as she was told. I parted her knees wider now that she had no pedals to worry about. I kissed her mouth, her neck and her breasts while sliding my fingers between the full lips of her pussy. She pushed against me hard, begging me to enter her. With my other hand I pinched her nipples until she moaned. She flashed me a look of surprise as much as pleasure and it occurred to me that Rocio had not experimented much with the pleasures of a little pain. I pinched harder and she cooed.

I imagined the spankings and pinching ahead of us. I slid my finger into her pussy. She was so wet and hot, her pussy opening and taking me all the way in. I slid my finger in and out of her pussy, pinched her nipples, kissed, sucked and bit at her lips. She squirmed in her seat, thrusting her hips, fucking my finger, pressing her clit against my palm. I carefully slid a second finger in, slowly, and she held her breath and clutched the steering wheel. I knew she was about to come and I took my time. My fingers slid all the way in at last, my palm against her clit, and my tongue circling her mouth as she came, loudly and fiercely. She gasped and I kept my lips gently against hers so I could feel her quiver and pant. I moved slowly, carefully, and I kept her coming as long as possible, her lips, against mine, making me hot and ready to get her home. When she kissed me back deeply I knew she was done for now.

She was still breathing heavily when we heard the knock against our window. We both jumped.

A cop stood looking in. Rocio quickly pushed her skirt back over her panties and rolled down the window. "Yes officer."

"I don't know where to start." He seemed genuinely confused and seriously embarrassed.

"Officer, I'm just driving my friend home, she's had a bit to drink." She said it clearly and I sensed the cop relaxing at finding that the driver at least was sober.

"I'll finish her off at home sir." I added. I guess I was still drunk.

Rocio suppressed a giggle and the cop turned a bit pink. "All right, get going. And next time, wait until you get home." He seemed like a nice enough cop and as he stood, he stayed a bit stooped, trying to hide the erection in his pants. I felt good that he'd not pulled a power trip on us, and that he'd gotten something nice to jerk off to.

"Rocio, get this damn car home now." I insisted. I gave better directions this time and we were home in minutes.