 Let me begin by saying a little about myself. First, I am a 32 year old recently divorced woman, but at the time this story took place I was 30 and still married. I had never had a lesbian experience, and quite honestly I had never even consciously entertained the idea. I am 5'6" tall with short brown hair and green eyes. I try and keep myself in good shape but I could probably stand to loose about 15 pounds, my breasts are rather cumbersome at a 38D, my waist narrow, my tummy nearly flat, and my hips nicely flared. 

At the time this story took place my husband Jerry and I had been having some troubles, and he had moved out for a "trial separation." We never got back together and this story should shed some light on the reason why. It was May and I was set to attend a Jack and Jill party for a close friend of mine. I got my sister in law to watch my daughter for the entire night, so if I had too much to drink I wouldn't have to drive home. It had been a long time since I had gone out with out Jerry or Brianna so I was ready to have a good time.

The party started out pretty tame, with every one standing around talking and drinking. Some of the guys started a card game and we all seemed to be having a good time.

By 10:00 most of the older people had gone home, and the rest of us were feeling little pain. About this time the entertainment arrived and started setting things up. The entertainment consisted of two strippers, one guy with a fabulous body and a short blonde woman who was every bit his equal. They arranged the chairs in the room in a large oval that took up nearly the entire dance floor of the banquet hall. Everyone began to sit down, with all the men at one end of the oval, and all the woman on the other side, and as luck would have it I was in the middle, sitting next to my friend Gail to my left and one of the guys at the party, I think his name was Roger. 

The strippers started out by doing a little erotic dance on the middle of the floor and as they bumped and ground their bodies together they began to remove each others clothes. It wasn't long before they were both down to a g-string and then they started working the room. Dan, the male dancer started with me, and as he walked up to me he took my hands and placed them on his chest, which was hard and muscular with out an ounce of fat. He was smooth shaven and his hips were gyrating to the beat of a top 40 dance song. My hands were sliding all over his muscular body going from his chest to his arms, then down to his hard ass. When my hands reached his ass he climbed up onto the chair with me, the bulge from his manhood just a foot away from my face. By this time I was clearly flushed, and his hips began pumping closer to my face. In a moment of sanity I reached into my pocket and pulled out a 10 dollar bill and slid it into his g-string. Satisfied, he thanked me and climbed down moving over to dance for Gail.

Slowly as my pulse slowed, and my breathing returned to normal I was able to look around the room. All of the men and women had money in their hands eagerly awaiting their turn with the dancers. The men sat in their chairs quietly as Amber, the woman dancer, worked her way around the room. The women were much more animated, yelling and hollering with every lewd insidious movement by Dan the man, as they were calling him. This spectacle continued for nearly an hour, with each dancer spending extra time with the guests of honor, until finally they were at their last dances. Amber, who stood no more than five feet tall was just starting her dance for Roger when she looked at me, and for a split second our eyes met. She smiled seductively, and then looked back at Roger and started moving her slender now completely naked body for him. 

Since she was just two feet away from me I continued to watch her dance, partly out of curiosity, but mostly in awe of her beauty and the way she could move her body. Every movement was seductive, and her tan body glistened with a layer of oil and sweat. Her breasts were not overly large, but matched her lithe body to a tee. In a word she was perfection, and for some reason I found myself drawn to her. 

The entire time she danced for Roger my eyes never left her. I was devouring her with my eyes when the song ended. She stood up straight, ran her fingers through her long blonde hair, stretched and sat down on my lap. Every one laughed for a moment but another song began and amber stood in front of me and asked if I would like a dance. I couldn't speak, so I just nodded my head slowly. She smiled and began running her hands over her body. She was swaying to the sensual sounds coming out of the speakers, and our eyes were locked onto each other. With a big smile she moved closer until her legs were touching my now widely spread thighs. Her tongue licked her lips ever so slowly, and her hands took mine and placed them on her hips. I shuddered for a moment as she climbed onto my outstretched legs our bodies slowly becoming one. I was completely unaware of my surroundings. The only things that existed in the entire universe Amber and me. 

My hands started to explore her body, running up from her slender hips, to the gentle curve of her breasts, and then back down to the soft valley of her tummy. She let out a soft moan and she began to move her hips, slowly rocking back and forth. She reached down and slid her hands inside my blouse as she bent down to kiss me. I swooned as our lips first touched. I could taste her lipstick and the room started to spin. My hands moved to her back and I pulled her close. Our lips parting and our tongues entwined we began to loose control. Her hands moved lower and pulled my shirt up over my head causing our kiss to break for just a moment, and then we kissed again with even more passion. Her fingers moved to my large breasts and expertly rubbed, caressed, and pinched my engorged nipples. I moaned loudly into her mouth as a small tremor shook my body. I needed more, I wanted to feel every inch of her soft flesh, to taste the sweat from her body. I wanted to cum, to make her climax with me. I wanted to climb the mountain, reach the summit, and never come back, and just drift off into eternal bliss.

The music had ended long before, and the room was dead silent. The lack of noise startled us back to reality. When we broke our embrace the room erupted in cheers and laughter from the men. I was mortified. I stood up and scrambled to the ladies room to escape my embarrassment, and Amber followed me. 

"I am so sorry, I just got carried away," she pleaded. I started to cry and she took my head in her hands. She wiped the tears from my face and we kissed again. This time much softer, and lovingly and suddenly everything seemed all right. We talked in the ladies room for a long time, and kissed some more. In the end I agreed to go home with her, not that it was a difficult decision. 

We rode together in her car, a little Mazda Miata convertible. Her fingers rested on my thigh as we drove, lightly caressing my trembling flesh. At the front door she stopped before opening it to kiss me lightly, and told me I looked beautiful with the light of a full moon shining on my face. I told her she was the most beautiful creature I had ever seen. With that said, the door opened and she led me inside her condo. It was small and cozy, tastefully decorated in cream colors and pastels. We first went into the living room and I sat on the over stuffed couch as Amber went into the kitchen to get us something to drink. She walked back into the room with two glasses of lemonade, set them on the table and sat next to me on the sofa. We were talking, getting to know about one another and once again her fingers were lightly stroking my knee and thigh. We turned to face each other and again out lips met. I kissed her hard, my tongue diving through her lips seeking out hers. 

My hands shook as they ran excitedly over her body, under her shirt, pulling her close to me. Her fingers pushed my skirt up around my waist and for the first time she made contact with my womanhood. We kissed on the couch, removing clothes until we were both only wearing out panties. Hers were a fresh pair of black satin French cut panties, and mine a simple pair with white lace in front. Her kisses moved from my mouth to my neck and ears and I moaned out load. The smell of sex hung in the air as we passionately kissed and fondled each other our excitement ever rising. Amber kissed her way down my body, stopping at my swollen nipples to bite and tease them. My hands went to her hair and I slowly stroked her scalp as she made love to my breasts. She started to move lower, and I moaned my approval when she reached my mons. Her brown eyes looking up at mine as she parted my lips and lowered her mouth to my wet, swollen sex. I gasped when her tongue penetrated me and she devoured me, trying to consume my every drop. I began to quake and shudder until I exploded in the most powerful orgasm I had ever experienced. My body still hypersensitive, Amber slid herself up on top of me, and kissed me again, allowing me to taste myself on her lips. 

"Thank you, thank you so much," I said as we lay there enjoying the feel of our bodies pressing together. Soon after I slipped off to sleep, but I was awakened by the feel of her hands stroking my body once more. We stood up and she led me into the bedroom where we climbed under the sheets and kissed some more. I told her I wanted to make her feel good, and she told me I already had. I started to kiss her and explore her body, a little unsure of myself, but learning as I went. My passion built as I was allowed to touch, and caress this beautiful woman beneath me. I made love to her breasts for a long, long time and then moved down to her sex. I looked at it, studied it, never having seen this sight up close. It was a thing of beauty, like a flower ready to bloom. I inhaled her scent, a sweet smell if ever there was, and then I lowered my mouth to her. The taste was a wonderful combination of sweet and tart and I found I could not get enough. I lost myself in her, trying to touch every part of her swollen womanhood. She climaxed repeatedly, and I still did not want to come up. She finally had to pull me away because she could not take anymore. We lay next to each other our legs entwined, kissing and whispering our thoughts to each other, until we drifted off to sleep again.

I woke up the next morning to the sound of music, and the smell of fresh coffee. I smiled as I climbed out of bed and twinkled into the kitchen, still naked. Amber was just cutting up some fresh fruit, and pouring a cup of coffee when I walked in. She looked up, and seeing my naked form grinned widely showing her bright white teeth. We embraced and a flood of emotions overwhelmed me. I was happier than I had been in years, but scared of what uncertainties lay ahead. One thing was sure, I wanted to be with Amber. I told her this, and she told me she felt the same way, then she asked me to move in with her. We were like kindred spirits, meant to be together.

We still are.