 I didn't become an obstetrician & gynecologist because it paid well or because I loved the notoriety of being a physician. I had a secret love that far transcended any of that. I became a physician because I love women, specifically, their vaginas.

No one was shocked when I went into medicine. I had the sharp mind and the steady hand of a future surgeon. Everyone told me I was stupid for going into gynecology because I could have chosen any avenue but I knew it was the right fit for me. Medical school was long and grueling and my residencies weren't any easier. I got barely any sleep and I knew that if I kept going like this I would completely burn out before I had even begun.

I found a job working at a small practice with Dr. Alan Gunther. He was my mentor as a gynecologist and he taught me all the little things about women and their vaginas that books couldn't teach. He taught me how to slow down and ask the right questions because medicine is about solving mysteries of the body and you have to do your research to come to the right conclusions.

He was a good man and when he passed away at age 57 from a heart attack I thought I was out of a job until a lawyer called me and told me that he had left me the practice in his will. Suddenly, I was a 36-year-old doctor with my own gynecology practice. I wish I could say I did a good job of honoring Dr. Gunther's purpose but being in charge of things went to my head.

Most of Dr. Gunther's staff decided to stay with me but they didn't like me much. I was bossy and I started making changes right away to the way we did things. I updated to a computerized note system and started spending less time with each patient.

"Dr. Johnson, we need to talk."

"Yes, Marjorie?" She was a stocky woman who had worked as a nurse for Dr. Gunther for decades before my arrival. In a lot of ways, she knew more about running this practice than I did.

"You can't keep doing these fifteen-minute appointments. It's just not ethical."

"Things have changed since Dr. Gunther's time. Plenty of doctors do it," I told her.

Majorie sighed. "Your last appointment is in room four."

"Thank you, Majorie." I entered room four, knocking first to make sure the patient was ready for me to come in. I entered and stopped dead in my tracks. The woman sitting gingerly on the end of the table was someone I knew, or maybe I should say I knew her once from college.

"Adina? Oh my God! It's you!" I squealed.

"Jenni?" she squealed back. I would have hugged her but she was already stripped down and wearing the paper gown Marjorie had given her.

"Yeah! How have you been?"

"I didn't know you became a doctor."

"Yeah! This is actually my practice now," I explained.

"Wow, you've really done well for yourself," she said with admiration and I flashed back to college, to the night we had spent together. I remembered the way her legs had wrapped around my neck as I buried my face in her perfect pussy. I could feel myself getting wet. Adina still looked good. I wished that I could do something about that but I was a doctor now. Sex with a patient was prohibited. I knew this and I was taking it seriously. 

"Thanks. You ready for your exam?" I washed my hands and put on a pair of disposable gloves.

"I'm ready, sure."

"Slide on down and put your feet into the stirrups," I said calmly, the way Dr. Gunther had trained me. He had been so good with his patients and sometimes I wondered if I would ever be half the doctor that he was. I watched Adina slide down. I tented her legs so she couldn't see me looking at her pussy. "Let your legs fall open naturally, please. That's it, nice job Adina."

I took a look at her pussy and was pleased to see that everything looked healthy when I felt my own pussy twitching with excitement. This had happened to me on many occasions and I'd never done anything about it. I'd just let the feelings come and go as Dr. Gunther had explained I should do. I knew better than to let a patient get to me sexually, no matter how pretty her pussy was.

It's just that Adina's pussy was one of the prettiest I had ever seen. I conducted the exam with the fingers of a doctor, pushing around to check for any abnormalities or pain. Adina looked completely healthy and I couldn't help but notice that her pussy was getting wetter as the exam went on. I wanted to say something to her about it but I couldn't. I didn't want to be unprofessional in any way. Adina was a paying patient, just like any other. I didn't want to treat her differently because she was my friend from college and we'd had sex once.

"So, Jen, remember back in college when we -" she paused. "This is awkward is it?"

"No, not at all. Go on," I encouraged her. My heart was beating fast. I already knew where this was going. I already knew that she wanted to fuck me, right there in my office. I paused. I thought about getting up and locking the door. My fingers were still inside of her and instead of pulling them out I let them linger there and I was pushing around until I found her G-spot. I knew that I shouldn't be doing this.

"You feel any pain?" I asked her.

"No. Quite the opposite. It feels really, really good."

"Do you want me to stop?" I asked.

"No. I want you to keep going. I want to fuck you again." Our eye met and I stroked her G-Spot with my fingers. She let out a loud scream.

"You've got to be quieter than that if we are going to do this," I explained to her. "Think you can do that?"

"Yes," she said, her breath already short and syncopated in rhythm. I had never done anything with a patient before and I could almost hear Dr. Gunther whispering in my ear that I was going to lose everything I had worked my entire life for over this girl's pussy. My fingers were deep inside of her and she was moaning softly. I stood up and leaned down over her, kissing her mouth.

"Jenni."

"Adina." We kissed again, our tongues all over one another. I knew things had escalated past the point they should have, but instead of turning back I plowed forward, looking to satisfy the deep cravings for pussy within me. I had been working long hours and hadn't been able to do any of the things I had wanted to do. I couldn't remember the last time I'd been on a date and my sex life nonexistent since I'd taken over the practice. I was exhausted and yet with Adina underneath me I felt like I was finally back in the game, finally living again.

"Jenni..." she moaned again and I liked the way she said my name like it meant something to her.

I hit her G-Spot with my fingers again, this time pressing it harder as we kissed deeply. I could feel her pussy tense up and then relax. I knew she had squirted all over the patient room when I heard the splash of water hit the floor. She went limp beneath me and I looked down at her drooling, listless face and knew that I had already made her cum harder than she was ever expecting.

"You okay?" I asked. "Should I stop?"

"I want to eat your pussy," she begged me.

"Right here?"

"Yes. Please, give it to me." I looked around the small room. I pulled my fingers from her pussy and I made sure the door was locked. I couldn't believe I had gone this far with the exam without first locking the door. If Marjorie or anyone else found me fucking a patient my career as a doctor would be over. I was feeling nervous as I thought about my entire career being flushed down the toilet over Adina. I wasn't sure if it was worth it but I wasn't thinking clearly. My brain was clouded by lust.

"Take off the gown," I commanded her and I began to take off my own clothes. My lab coat was the first to go and then my clothes. I was naked except for my tasteful heels when I climbed up on top of Adina. "I hope you're ready to eat some pussy," I stared her down.

"Oh my God! This is so hot!" she squealed. "I'm ready!"

"I can see that!" I laughed as I climbed right on top of Adina's pretty little face and planted my pussy right on top of her mouth. "Lick. Lick my pussy, Adina!"

"Yes, Doctor!" she said with an evil grin. She buried her tongue in my pussy and licked me with skill and elegance she hadn't possessed in college.

"Oh my God! Yes!" I exclaimed a bit too loudly.

Adina was absolutely buried in my pussy and I could tell that she was enjoying what she was doing. I came hard on her face trying not to scream as she worked my clit with the expertise of a seasoned lesbian. Adina and I had grown apart since college and I wondered why. She was a fantastic person and apparently much better at eating pussy than I remembered. Her hand reached up and around me until she had a finger in my ass as she licked and sucked on my clit a little harder than I was used to.

I came again, this time unable to control the noises that were coming out of my body. I screamed loudly and I let my body violently shake as I struggled to hold myself up. Adina had gotten to me. She had broken me down.

There was a knock at the door. Adina and I froze.

"Everything okay in there?" Marjorie called.

"Yes! Of course!"

"Open up! I'm coming in to assist with the exam. Sorry, it took me so long."

"Give us just a moment!" I tried to stall. I grabbed my lab coat and put it on. I threw a new drape over to Adina and she quickly put it over her naked body. I couldn't find my dress anywhere! I looked around frantically for it and I figured as long as I buttoned my lab coat all the way all would be fine.

I took a deep breath, making eye contact with Adina as I opened the door.

"Wow, it's hot in here. We need to turn up the air! Hold on, I'll do that." Marjorie shook her head in disgust at how warm the room was.

"I can't find my dress!" I told Adina.

"Over there!" Adina pointed and there it was, in the sink. I grabbed it and threw it into a cupboard and closed the door. Marjorie was just making her way back in.

"So, we ready to do the exam?" Marjorie asked.

"Sure," Adina smiled warmly, like nothing was wrong.

Adina opened her legs and slid to the end of the table, her feet in the stirrups. Marjorie's eyes got wide as she saw Adina's pussy. It was pretty hard to hide the fact that she was ridiculously wet. I had forgotten how she had squirted everywhere but there was definitely still a puddle underneath the table.

"Relax," I told Adina. "This shouldn't hurt. Let me know if you feel any pain."

Marjorie's eyes met mine and she gave me a look that told me that she knew. I was starting to really freak out and I didn't know if this was going to be the end of my career. I finished the exam with the professionalism that I had lacked at the start. Adina went on her way and I breathed a sigh of relief.

I was working on my notes later that day when Marjorie came to the door.

"Yes?" I asked.

"I need to ask you something."

"Okay..."

"What happened today with that patient?"

"Which one?"

"Adina I think her name was. The one where you weren't wearing a dress under your lab coat and there was ejaculate under the exam table." Marjorie folded her arms and stared me down. "What the fuck do you think you are doing?"

"She is an old girlfriend from college. She came here to see me for that reason. The exam was the part that I didn't think would actually happen."

"You can't do shit like that here during working hours. Dr. Gunther would turn over in his grave if he saw you behaving like this. Whatever you do at home is your own thing but here? This is our office. There are real patients here." Marjorie looked very angry.

"I'm sorry Marjorie. Please don't be mad. I'll never do anything like that ever again, I promise."

"What if I want you to do it again?" Marjorie asked and I did a serious double-take.

"What?" I asked, dumbfounded.

"I said, what if I want you to do it again." Now I knew where she was going with this. She wanted to fuck me! How had I missed this?

"So right here. Right now?" I asked her.

"I'm locking the door right now. What do you think about that?"

"I'm shocked. I never knew you were into women."

"That's because I'm a professional, unlike you," she retorted.

"Haha. Good one, Marjorie."

"I'll show you a good one." She walked around my desk, grabbed my face on both sides and kissed me deeply. I had thought Adina was hot, but Marjorie was even hotter. I had never had sex with two different women on one day but Marjorie's fingers were already finding their way into my pussy and I could tell she was an expert in making women cum. I braced myself. Fucking a patient was one thing, but fucking my staff was something else. I wasn't off to the best start with my own practice but my almost nonexistent sex life was making a decent cum back!