 All characters in this story are over 18 years of age.

Mum and dad were on holiday and my brother was going to Paris for the weekend to watch the rugby. The flat was ours for two whole nights. Wonderful. In the shortish time of our relationship we'd had few chances to actually sleep together and the thought of waking up in your arms two mornings in a row was fantastic.

"But I have to meet someone at the flat beforehand," I'd told you on the phone.

"No problem, I'll come round after you've finished," you replied.

"No I don't know how long it'll go on" I said going on to explain that I was sort of auditioning someone for a short play I had to write and produce as part of my acting school term end assessments. It was nearing the end of my first year at acting school. I'd started there after leaving uni. after just eighteen months absolutely hating being treated like a kid and having friends that had so little money that going out was restricted to a pizza and a few beers in local pubs, not really my scene at all and not what I'd become accustomed to before going there, even when I was in the last year at school. But now I badly wanted to succeed and show my dad and family that I wasn't the wastrel they were beginning to think I was.

"Tell you what, I'll leave the key under the rock by the path and you let yourself in. Have a drink and then stay out of sight in the kitchen and then when I'm finished I'm all yours. OK?"

"Sounds good to me especially the last bit."

The flat is the top floor of a fairly old house that my dad had completely refurbished so it's like a loft apartment that my older brother and I share rent-free, spoilt brats aren't we? There's a big room running along one side that's about forty feet long I guess. That was divided so that the kitchen now forms one end. The division is a row of waist high cupboards that in the kitchen area form part of the work-surfaces and in the lounge make up a bar. Sitting all the way along the top of that is a series of frosted glass partitions on hinges so they can be opened to allow the air and light through. That can be handy if I'm cooking in there, not that I do much, and there are guests in the lounge for then nosy me can join in their conversations and by looking through the windows that only half open I can see the seating area and keep an eye on them. When it's dark in the kitchen and the lights are on in the lounge you can't see into it so it was an ideal place for you to hide.

I guessed that you heard us coming up the stairs for I thought I heard the TV and then it went off so, once in the lounge, I switched the lights on and flicked the play button on the stereo. I think it was playing an Enigma Greatest Hits CD. I wondered' as I asked Ami what she'd like to drink whether you were peaking through the glass and hoped that if you were you'd recognise her as the waitress in the trendy bar we'd been to a few times together. I'd been there several more times both alone and with my mates from the area and had got to know the petite, slightly olive skinned, young girl quite well. She was studying dramatic arts at the City University just down the road from where I lived and we'd swapped lots of stories about her and my studies, having acting as a common interest. Although she looked younger than her twenty one years she had a very mature way about her and was really quite sophisticated in both her attitudes and her way of behaving

I explained that I wanted her to read something from another play, mine being only at concept stage. I'd previously told her what I had to do and what I wanted from her and why I had to write the play. She'd sounded very excited at my suggestion and we'd agreed that we'd meet in the bar on the Friday night for her shift ended at eight.

"That'll give us plenty of time," I'd beamed at her giving her a peck on the cheek as I thanked her.

"So Ami, if you're ready," I asked standing right in front of her, "why don't we get going."

I was pretty sure that curiosity would have got the better of you and that by now you'd have had a good look at what was going on in the lounge. You may not have recognised Amy but I was sure you'd love the way she looked. Short, probably no more than five feet, she was tiny all over with a slim, almost boyish figure that was, though, shown off well in the boob tube and micro skirt that, on a larger girl, would have looked ridiculous but on her looked wonderful. Her slim, bare legs seemed to go on for ever until they slipped into the mid heeled, strappy sandals. 

I'm sure you would have liked what you'd seen for you'd often told me as we lay in each others arms after sex that you got turned on by younger girls and Amy looked no more than, probably, sixteen or so even I knew she was almost eighteen. It was her eyes that were her striking feature being huge and dark she had a slightly frightened look just like an animal caught in the glare of a car's headlights. The youthful, boyish look was compounded by her short, quite cropped hair that was jet black and lustrous. 

I hoped that you'd also appreciate the way I looked for I was wearing a tight, white, mid-thigh length skirt that I knew showed the outline of my thong. No tights or stockings, for my legs were tanned and it was quite warm, and a bright, canary yellow silky top. It was baggy and low cut and had thin straps that had the tendency to slip off my shoulder as I moved. As usual I'd left my blonde hair down and it was tumbling over my bare shoulders and falling down my back to between my shoulder-blades. 

Ami did the reading. She did it well, far better than I'd thought she would. As she read the words from an Ibsen play so I was perched on the arm of the sofa with her standing just a few feet from me. I was motionless, smoking a Marlboro as she read my skirt almost up to my crotch my legs stretched out before me. She stood still reading from the book her little boobs rising and falling as she took breaths in and out the way that she would have been taught at uni.

"That was fantastic Amy," I cried out jumping up. "It was absolutely fucking brilliant," I went on moving over to her and throwing my arms around the younger girl. I hugged her to me feeling her small firmer breasts pressing into my larger softer ones. "God it was amazing," I breathed giving her a peck on the cheek.

"You really think so kT?" she said her voice clearly surprised yet pleased.

I didn't move and still with her in my arms squashed against me I went on my voice full of enthusiasm.

"Oh yes darling, your voice was so expressive and your movements were great, a real star in the making."

Ami laughed and said,

"I don't know about that but thanks all the same."

"No really, you've got it all Amy, a fantastic voice, you interpret the words well, your movement is good and well, your looks!"

I moved my head back a little so I could look into her eyes being very aware that you were probably staring at us from through the windows wondering just what was going on and if this was leading to anything. Knowing that made me a little bolder and I held my arms around her, although there was no need really, as she replied,

"I'm not as pretty as you k."

"Oh Amy, Amy," I said softly but loud enough so you would hear "you are beautiful, you have fantastic eyes, marvellous cheek bones and gorgeous lips. I can just see you now leaping out from the screen of the TV or movies making all the men drool at you."

She laughed a little,

"Oh yes I wish."

"They will I'm sure darling," I went on in a lower and probably huskier voice, "with those come to bed eyes and such kissable lips the guys'll love you." I paused for a moment, looking into her eyes, searching for one of those signs, an acceptance or an invitation perhaps? I saw a flicker of, possible interest but I wasn't sure so I turned the pressure up a little by croaking, pointedly I hoped,

"As will some of the women as well Ami."

I saw her blink and thought that I did see something else in her gaze so I pressed on,

"And your figure is wonderful darling, it's a body to die for."

We were still standing in the middle of the room in full view of where I guessed you were peering through one of the windows listening to everything.

"But it's not like yours k, my boobs are so small," Ami muttered making no attempt to move away and still looking into my eyes.

"So what, I bet they are lovely to look at? And your figure is perfect," I breathed staring at her thinking that I had seen something.

"No I wish I had bigger boobs like yours, men like them and I've always wanted them," she said quietly.

"You like big ones like mine do you Ami?" I said quietly, pressing mine gently against hers, "big soft ones like I have?"

Although I may have imagined that she pressed back against me she certainly didn't move away as she said,

"Yes k, I think you have lovely boobs just what I would like."

"So you like my tits do you Amy?" I asked pushing things a little.

"Yes Kaytee I do and I wish mine were like yours."

Still in each others arms, still staring intently at each other and still talking on a fairly erotic level it may seem strange that I felt so unsure, but I did. I just couldn't make my mind up whether Amy was naïve and didn't quite understand what I was implying or, whether she was also unsure but was a willing accomplice to what I was indicating. The situation needed to be directed, it needed to be forced and manipulated. I felt that I had to up the tempo, turn the screw I suppose and take the risk of being wrong. The downside of that was worth it when pitched against the upside if I was correct and that indeed I had seen a spark of interest in the deep, limpid pools of her eyes.

"But you've never seen my boobs Amy, have you?" I asked sort of putting the ball a little into her court.

"No k I haven't."

Letting go of her I raised one hand up to my shoulder and, so meaningfully I thought, slowly pushed one of the strap to one side. It slipped over my shoulder and slithered down my arm to my elbow that was bent a little. As it did the baggy, silky yellow material fell away from my left breast encased in the pale lemon, totally transparent bra, through which I knew my hardened nipple would be straining.

"There," I said remembering to speak up, "there Ami, that's my breast, now you can see it can't you?"

"Yes k and it's lovely," she said very quietly and probably not loud enough for you to hear.

I wiggled the other side of the top down as well and then slid both my arms from it so it dangled around my waist tucked into my skirt.

"You really do have fabulous boobs kaytee," she muttered as her gaze roamed over them seemingly quite unashamedly. This excited me and I'm sure both nipples became, if that was possible, harder and more prominent to her.

She didn't say anything and she didn't move. She made no sign to encourage anything further or to deter me. She simply stood there just a couple of feet from me letting her brown eyes roam over my chest.

Suddenly feeling the need to be bold, I took her wrist that was hanging down by her side in my hand. 

"Nor have you felt what they are like, have you darling?" I asked my voice now so low that you would have struggled to hear it.

"Er no, no, um, no I haven't," she stammered her voice indicating some doubt, her gaze, though, implying interest. 

Looking directly into her eyes, holding her gaze strongly and hoping against hope I'd read the situation correctly I said softly,

"Would you like to touch my breasts and find out what they feel like?"

Her eyes now told me that I'd clicked. That I hadn't misread her and that indeed she was not going to be too resistant although, maybe also, not overly receptive. Possibly, I pondered, it's her first time, although I doubted that for a girl like her would surely at some time by now have had some, however brief, experience with another girl. We all have haven't we? We all do don't we? It's part of a modern girl's life styles isn't it? 

She simply looked at me, her eyes smouldering her lips slightly parted, her tongue resting on the bottom one. She didn't say anything, either encouraging or discouraging, though, there was no resistance in her hand as I lifted it towards my breast, my body tingling with the knowledge that you would surely be closely watching what was going on and that I was sure you would be so excited as I pressed it against my boob. My other hand was still resting on her hip and I felt a little tremble there as her I pressed her fingers against my left breast. 

"Nice?" I whispered forgetting to speak up so you could hear me. Ami didn't reply but simple stared at me with her dark, deep eyes as I pressed her fingers under mine into the soft yielding flesh of my 33 C cup breast. 

It felt wonderful. Not just having another person's hand on me, not just because it was a girl's but largely due to the fact that I was seducing her into doing it. The combination of those three factors was so powerful that my excitement rose far more than a soft fondle of my boob really warranted.

I'd never really seduced a girl before even though I'd been with several so this was a completely new experience for me. I'd decided to try to do it for you after we'd lain in bed one afternoon exchanging our fantasies. When you'd told me how you fantasised of not just being in a threesome with two girls, as most men seem to, but also of one of them being quite young and the other seducing her, that gave me the idea to try to help you live out that idea. God knows what I'd do if you'd tried to help me enact mine, but then that's another story!

We stood there in the middle of the room my hand holding hers to my breast for what seemed ages. It was a weird yet wonderful situation but, although she was touching my breast, still one that needed careful managing if I was to achieve for you, and for me I must admit, what I wanted with Ami.

"Does that feel good Ami?" I asked, do you like touching my boob?"

"It's lovely k, and yes I like it, " she breathed to my enormous relief.

Slowly I moved my hand from where it was holding hers leaving her fingers on my breast hoping that now she'd keep it there voluntarily. She didn't move. She did leave it there but she didn't fondle me. I again looked into her wonderfully dreamy eyes and smiling said.

"This is a little unfair Ami, It's a little one sided isn't it? You can see and touch mine can't you?"

She did smile then and replied.

"Yes I suppose it is."

"Then we'd better even things up hadn't we?" I breathed realising that this was a further test as to whether she was looking at this as just a little prank or, as I was and was hoping she was, as something much more serious. I slowly raised both my hands until they found the top of her boob tube. My eyes were on hers as I did that. They stayed on hers as I took the neckline of it in my hands. They stayed looking for any signs as I started to slowly pull on it and they remained locked to hers as the blue material moved down her small boobs. And as I exposed those my eyes remained on hers until I had bared both of her breasts completely and until her boob tube was in the same position as my top, round her waist. 

I then let my eyes drop to look at her breasts. They indeed were small, no more than a B cup and probably only an A. But they were perfectly formed and the two little mounds rose beautifully from her chest with just enough flesh to enable them to be cupped easily into the palm of a hand, even one of a ladies size. It was the nipples, though that attracted my gaze. I'd expected them to be prominent for they'd made dinky outlines through her top both today and on a couple of other occasions I'd seen her in the bar. But not quite as prominent as the centres of the small, dark, almost brown berries I saw there. As I looked at them and sighed,

"Oh Ami you have absolutely beautiful breasts," I could feel the warmth flowing from the base of my stomach and the ache becoming more acute in my breasts and especially in my nipples. 

All thoughts of caution left me as I looked at them. All considerations as to her intentions and understanding simply drained away from me as my gaze devoured the breasts that surely soon would be mine to love and adore. I lifted my hand up and cupped one. It was as soft and yielding as I remembered from the last time I'd caressed a girl. As smooth and warm as the several others I'd held and as exciting and arousing as it always is when I touch a girl there. I pulled her to me and I kissed her. I didn't think, hesitate or wonder at her reaction. No, now that she was bare breasted and I was before her in my bra and we'd both held the others boobs I felt confident, assured and in charge. I knew then that I was going to fuck this delicious girl five years younger than me and that she was going to give me, and maybe later, you as well, so much pleasure.

As I kissed her and ran my hand up and down her back I could only imagine what your reaction to this would be and couldn't help smiling at the image of you crouched in the kitchen looking through the window at the amazing scene unfolding in front of you. The acting out in real life of one of your greatest fantasies. That you'd be hard I had no doubt. I was sure that you'd be excited and probably breathing very heavily. I felt that by now you may well have touched yourself and thought it quite possible that, even as we kissed, you may well have been starting to masturbate.

That made me even more excited and strangely also bolder. I ground my lips against Ami's probing my tongue into her mouth noting with pleasure that her lips opened readily as I pushed against them. I pulled her more tightly towards me and pressed my breasts and my mound against hers that I realised were now returning the pressure.

"Oh Ami, Ami," I sighed between mouthfuls of her lovely lips.

"Yes k, yes," she moaned back as we held each others tight our bodies touching from our lips to our toes.

"You have done this before haven't you darling?" I asked running my hand through her dark hair loving the feel of it on my hand.

"Yes k, yes I have, well a little."

"And you liked it?

"Yes, yes," she stammered appearing a little shy about it, "I did like it k, very much."

"Let's sit on the sofa Ami," I murmured edging her towards the sofa. She sat down on the deep, soft, probably overstuffed couch, her short skirt riding right up her brown, slim thighs so I could see a flash of the white of her panties as she laid back into the corner of it. Standing so close to the sofa that my knee was touching her leg I smiled down at the lovely sight of her stretched out, her little breasts rising and falling as she breathed deeply in and out. Tension and nerves I thought hoping you could see clearly what was going on, and that you'd heard the earlier exchange of words between Ami and me.

Reaching behind me I said,

"I don't think somehow darling that I'll need this on do you?"

I quickly unclipped my bra and dropped it onto the floor as, at the same time, I pulled my top out and dropped that as well. She smiled and said.

"Oh k you look even better without it."

"And what about without this as well?" I asked smiling as I unzipped my skirt and rolled that down my legs showing you, and her, the pale lemon thong. She smiled and whispered.

"You are so beautiful k, just as I imagined."

I knelt beside her and placing my hands on her waist, completely forgetting you were listening, whispered quietly,

"And I don't think we'll be needing this either will we Ami?" as I fumbled at the button on the waistband of her short, tight skirt. She said nothing but as I pulled at the skirt she lifted her bottom up so I could slide the garment off. We were both now clad in just our thongs and I was sure that would be exciting you so much that probably you would be starting to masturbate. I knew though that you'd hold back for you would be only too aware that there was more to come.
