 Hello, I'm a bit new here and I hope my stories will progress on. I did not copy this story whatsoever, I made it myself, all characters belong to me.

- YoursTruly101
__________________

Emily: you did wat!!?

"You fool," I muttered to myself for the tenth time while staring at the laptop screen.

I pounded my fist on my desk repeatedly, leaving my laptop shaking. I looked out from my bedroom window, looking out at the snowing, stormy sky. Why I did what I did, I absolutely have no clue. The idea of making a fake Facebook account so I can send an anonymous confession message to a girl I have been obsessing and lusting for at least seven months and counting just popped in my head. My head is filled with regret after I clicked on the send button. The message wasn't long nor too sappy; it was short and straight to the point. I read the message I sent on my laptop screen again for the hundredth time:

"First, please don't freak out when you read this and I promise you I won't bother you again and I will delete this account too after a week.

The thing is I like you. The other thing is I'm a girl. 

I'm also scared of confessing to you in person because 1.) I'm just scared 2.) You have a bf 3.) We only met a couple times 4.) You might think I'm a freak.

Maybe in the future I might confess to you in person, but not today or anytime soon.

Thanks for reading this."

"Jessica," I growled to myself," you really are a fool." I went back to MSN, replying to my best friend Emily after she read the message explaining what I just did. 

Jess: I know I know. It was just one of those moments u know? When common sense just don't really creep into u.

Emily: u know shes gonna find out sooner or later. She'll find a way. Jesus jess wat d hell were u thinking???

Jess: dats jus it I wasn't thinking!!! Just one of those illogical moments k? I doubt it if she'll know. I don't think I left obvious clues in the msg

Emily: u said ur in her contacts. Ur screwed. She'll be really suspicious now.

Jess: dude she has like 500 contacts, I doubt it if she'll suspect me, im the least she'll suspect. Come on we've only met like a couple times and she don't even go to my school

Emily: idk I have this feelin in my gut that something will happen and its prob bad. Jus don't do anything stupid k?

Jess: fine fine. I g2g. ttyl

Emily: k. u stil coming here tonite though rite?

Jess: yea I know, ur house at 8. Gotcha, bye

I put my head on the desk, sighing, and turned my laptop off. I couldn't help it, I was overly lusting for this Lacey girl, who is probably straight as a nail. Why couldn't it be someone else who doesn't have a boyfriend and have a sexual orientation similar to mine? I got up from my chair and walked towards my full-sized mirror, looking myself blankly. 

All my sixteen years of my teenage life, I probably knew I was gay the day I was born. Even though my mom thinks it's just a stage, I know that deep inside it's not. Standing at 5'6, with my toned, tan, athletic body from Tae Kwon Do and kickboxing, I brushed my long black hair and my straight bangs. I looked at myself with my brown, slightly slanted eyes, and scratched my oval face. I shook my head while looking at myself.

"Look at yourself," I murmured, "don't you dare do anything stupid again."

I looked at my cell, it was 7:30PM. Quickly, I put on my black turtleneck sweater, jeans, and black boots. Downstairs, I put on my black leather gloves and my black trench coat. Grumbling under my breath, I fought the killer wind as I walked outside, locking the door behind me. Jesus, I thought to myself, winter, how I hate you. Especially in a small town in the Midwest. Crossing my arms, I walked to Emily's house, which was about a mile from mine. I put my head down, feeling the cruel weather brought by mother nature, and kept on walking.

About 15-20 minutes later, I was finally in front of Emily's house and I swear I was shivering like crazy and my head was frozen. Literally. I can feel a migraine beginning to form. Unexpectedly, I slipped, but luckily regained my balance. Wide-eyed, I slowly got off the walkway, horrified that the walkway was basically covered with ice. I shook my head, thinking that someone will sue Emily's family if they didn't put salt on it soon. Slowly, I walked to the front door and rang the doorbell. As the door opened, I stuttered," E-e-e-emily, I swear to g-g-god if you weren't m-m-my best fr-" 

I stopped in the middle of the sentence when I realized the person in front of me wasn't Emily. It was, in fact, Lacey, her body wrapped in a red wool blanket. Her green eyes looked at me with concern, pink lips curved in amusement, and her long, wavy, dirty blond hair flapping against the wind. She was the most beautiful girl I've ever seen; curvy at the right places, oval face with a bit of high cheek bones, height at 5'7, a cup C, soft skin, and very kissable lips. I shivered and I'm pretty sure it wasn't the weather this time.

She shook her head, chuckled, and went back inside, making me feel stupid just standing there, shivering my butt off in front of her. What a bitch! I scowled. If she wasn't so hot, I would've punched her on the face. Why I was attracted to her, I have no idea. Maybe it was the fact that there was a rumor going around a month ago stating she was bi or maybe she was just too damn beautiful that it hurts to look at her. I shook my head, reminding myself that it was just pure lust and it doesn't mean a single thing.

It will pass off, I reminded myself, these feelings for her will pass. But no matter how many times I remind myself that, my heart always comes alive when she is near me. Those dreams and fantasies about her always left me gasping for more and ,not to mention, wetter. The thought of her in my arms, naked or not, kissing passionately is just enough for me. . .

I shrugged the thought off, and shivered, this time it was because I was really cold. I went to the living room where I could hear the T.V. rumbling; Lacey was on the floor with the blanket around her, back leaning on the sofa, and a cup of hot chocolate on her left hand.

"Where is Emily?" I asked a bit timidly.

Still not making any eye contact, her eyes glued to the T.V., she shook her head and said," No clue. She said she was going to get something at a store, but called me saying that her car landed in a ditch like a few minutes before you showed up. She said sorry and she's staying at a friend's house close to where she landed until the roads are cleared up."

I pulled out my cell phone from my front pocket, and saw I had 5 missed calls from her. Nice, Jessica, I thought to myself, your head is too frozen to hear your own phone ringing. Sighing, I took my boots, coat, and gloves off, putting them by the door. Then, feeling a bit cold, I decided to put my trench coat on, shivering a bit, and a migraine began to form. Whoa, I thought to myself, are you coming down with something? I put the back of my hand on my forehead; it was burning hot. I went to the bathroom and got a thermometer; it read 102 degrees F. Great. A fever is another thing I need. I saw Lacey at the corner of my eye, walking up to me. Or at least I think it was Lacey; I was seeing double and the bathroom walls were circling around me. My ears were ringing; I could barely keep myself standing.

I heard her chuckle echoing through my head. "Wow, you look like crap," she said," are you sick or something?"

I nodded slowly, then felt a soft hand on my neck and forehead. Then, without any warning, I leaned my body forward to her, our breasts touching, my head on her left shoulder. So soft . . .

I felt both of her hands on my arms, trying to support me. I inhaled deeply, smelling her strawberry hair, and snuggled my head on her shoulder. I moaned softly, and began kissing her neck softly. What has this fever done to me?

Instantly, she backed away, her green eyes worried again, her hands still on my arms. I swayed side to side, my body felt like a furnace, my head jumbled up; I couldn't think straight at all.

"Jessica," she said cautiously," you need to re-" I pushed my lips gently to hers, pulling her body close to mine, and closed my eyes. I heard her yelp, and her body became rigid. I stroked her hair with one hand and rubbed her back with the other. I remember myself sighing. 

I felt her lips parting, then she moaned silently. I slipped my tongue into her mouth, our tongues playing each other. I couldn't believe it, our kiss became more aggressive, I remembered her biting my bottom lip. Or did I imagine that?

I didn't know what she was wearing underneath her blanket, but I know the blanket is on the floor somewhere. To my surprise, she was wearing a tank top and short shorts. Almost by force, I pushed her against a wall, hearing a small grunt and glass breaking. Her breaths became shorter and heavier, not to mention hotter. I let my hands explore her body; her sides, stomach, cleavage, and breast. She did the same to me too.

I whimpered, making my body closer to hers as possible, and kissed her again. Her legs spread apart, I can feel she was getting wet and I know she can feel me getting wet too. She let both of her legs hug my body, her sex closer to mine. I moaned, arching my back, and grabbed her ass. I can feel her body shivering, I can hear her whimper. I began grinding, even though our clothes were still on.

I remember her moaning loudly, her back arching and her head back. I kissed her jaw line, her neck, her lips. Still grinding, moaning, whimpering, we kissed passionately and desperately. What is this? A hallucination? A dream? What has this fever done to me? Or was it the fever at all?

She pushed me away, making a grunting noise. I opened my eyes and ,to my horror ,she looked disgusted. I fell back to reality, trying to comprehend what was happening, but I couldn't. The fever was really taking me on. Then, I felt something sting on my right cheek, sending my body swaying to the left. I realized she slapped me hard. Hard enough to make my whole head turn, my eyes misting; I felt a tear rolling down my right cheek. I heard her panting as I heard myself panting, too.

The fever, I can't think straight. I was drunk into it. All I can hear is a sharp ring in my ears, and something broken inside of me; my heart. I think she was trying to tell me something, but her voice was jumbled up. Without thinking, I ungracefully and drunkly walked out of the bathroom and somehow gotten my gloves and boots on. I opened the door and began walking outside, swaying. I thought I heard someone yelling behind me, but I ignored it. My head felt like it was about to explode any minute now, and my body about to burst into flames. What are you doing? I asked myself. Then I felt myself losing balance, falling forward, and a sharp pain impacted on my head, especially the right side. 

I whimpered.

I heard someone screaming behind me and felt someone approaching in front. I remember there was a lot of yelling.

My body shook; it was snowing hard, adding another two inch since I came here. I saw some kind of red liquid in the snow. Is that my blood? 

I felt myself fading into a deep sleep; I surrendered to the darkness right after I slowly closed my eyes.

(The End?)