 The argument started in the club and ended at the front door of our apartment with a loud slam. I wasn't wrong and you weren't right but no one could tell us anything. So I slept on the couch and you took our bed.

Less than an hour after we went to "bed", I couldn't lie there any longer and shuffled to the bedroom door quietly. I pressed my ear to the door and heard nothing. I didn't hear you crying, signaling that you were awake. And I didn't hear your rhythmic breathing, letting me know you were sleeping. My grand plan of rushing in, making you see my point, and fixing things was abandoned with a mournful sigh, a palm pressed against the closed door, and the first of a thousand tears. If I'd listened close enough, I'd have heard your heart screaming, "No! Don't give up so easily! She's crying in her dreams! The beer made her sleep but she wants to fix it! Come back!" But I took a sleeping pill and stretched back out on the couch.

A couple of hours later, you pulled the bedroom door open slowly and crept down the hall wiping the tears from your cheeks. Peeking around the corner, you expected to see me sitting up reading or writing. You didn't expect me to be sleeping. For a moment, a flame of anger licked its way up your spine, but your heart, which had disturbed your sleep and kept you awake for the last half hour, said, "No. Stop being hasty. See the bottle on the table? She had to take a pill to sleep. Stop thinking she doesn't love you. Fix it in the morning." You were tempted to whisper your apology to the air and just hope the wind carries it to the parts of me that need to hear it. But you knew that would be cheating. With a sigh, you turned and went back to bed.

~~~

"Should I leave the pillow and blanket on the couch or can I sleep in our bed tonight?"

You turned to face me and swallowed hard. I looked like hell and you felt instantly guilty. Your jaw clenched and I thought you might cry.

You swallowed hard, "I don't know about you, but a hug would be miraculous right about now."

It wasn't much, but I knew what it meant. Covering the distance between us a little too eagerly, I slipped my arms around you and held you close.

Your arms went around my neck and we both swallowed tears, but you spoke first in the tiniest, softest whisper, "I'm sorry."

"I love you." I pulled back just a bit and kissed your neck, "I love you." My lips moved to your jaw, "I love you." And when I kissed your lips, you melted. There was no anger or pain or resentment when I broke the kiss and whispered, "I love you."

Breaking just a bit, you covered my face and lips in tiny kisses, tingling with relief that the fight was over, "I love you too. And I'm madly in love with you."

Taking your hands with my own, I whispered in your ear, "Tell me you love me again."

"I love you," you said, looking deep in my eyes.

"Tell me again," I growled. My lips, hungry to make up, kissed your neck. I pressed you against the wall with your hands over your head and pinned you there with my body.

Moaning softly, you gasped, "I love you." You arched hard against me, "And I'm in love with you."

My hands, making quick work of waking your body up, split up. One went to hold your hands against the wall and the other slipped hurriedly into your pants, "Tell me you want me."

You moaned louder, shaking a bit and trembling, staring me right in the eyes, "Savi... I want you so badly. So damn badly."

I pressed my chest against you and smiled, "You're wet aren't you, my love?" My fingers slid easily into your body, "Take it all in." You opened your mouth, but I stopped you gently, "Shhh. Take it. Just take it, Mel." I pumped my finger just a little and whispered, "Tell me to fuck you, baby."

Louder and louder you moaned, the tingles started and you bit your bottom lip so sexily before groaning, "Please fuck me. Please."

Sliding my fingers out, I peeled your pajama pants down and off you, picked you up, wrapping your legs around my waist, and pressed you against the wall. I smiled wickedly and rubbed your wet pussy with the tip of the strap, "Tell me to put it in you, Mel. Tell me what you want me to do with you." You took a ragged breath, your nipples caught my eye and I bent to suckle one, causing it to perk up and harden.

"Please," you groaned, "put it in me and fuck me. Please baby. Sav, please," your voice broke a bit, "fuck me."

"Good girl," I smiled. I grabbed your ass with both hands and stabbed the cock into your wet, tight pussy, "F–. Oh God, take it, Mel."

Fucking you hard and fast against the wall, I pounded into your willing little body, "Take it. You know you want it. I know you do. So take it. God... I love fucking you. I love it." You shivered and I kept talking, feeling the dirty talk making you wetter, "Mmm you always cum so hard for me." Your breath was erratic and it stopped when I asked, "You love when I fuck that slutty pussy of yours, don't you, baby?"

You gasped, the evidence of my affect on you dripped slowly from you, "Ohhh God yes!" You pushed your hips back at me, clearly wanting more, "Oh Sav!" Opening your eyes, you caught my gaze and whispered, "I'm so crazy about you."

Moving slowly, I laid you softly on the bed, and stretched out atop you. I looked down, kissed you softly, and whispered, "You're the sweetest thing I've ever tasted." I slid my hand down your stomach softly, up and down, cherishing the feel of your skin, "The softest thing I've ever touched." Burying my head in the slope of your neck, I rubbed my lips softly against your shoulder, "And the most amazing thing I've ever felt."

You ran your fingers through my hair, butterflies fluttered in your stomach, heart racing as much as mine, "Oh God, baby."

I whispered in your ear, "Will you let me make love to you, Mel? No pain. No pounding. Just me touching the little piece of Heaven that God blessed me with?"

Those green eyes of yours that I love so much filled with tears, "Yes. Please, yes." Your fingers touched my face gently, "Let me help you touch Heaven."

"Sweetheart," I smiled, "you are my Heaven." I bent and kissed your collarbone, then traced it with my fingertip, watching your skin break out in chills. Then I kissed your chest softly, "My beautiful girl." My hands slid down to your thighs to bend your knees and wrap them around me. I bent my head to kiss the aching tip of a nipple, feeling your body react. I smiled and then kissed between your breasts on my way to suckle the other nipple softly. "You're so damn beautiful, Mel." I rose up just a bit to look at you, watching your face as I slipped back into your body slowly, exhaling as I did so, "God, I love you."

With a little purr, you wrapped your legs around me tightly and whispered, "You're so damn beautiful." Your heart, beating wildly, thundered against my chest like a mirror of my own, "I love you so much, Savi."

Rocking in and out of you slowly, I pressed your hips down with my own and slid a hand down to your hip as I smiled against your neck, "I love you, too, baby. God, I love you, too." I gasped in your ear, "Slow or fast, your grinding hips are so damn sexy to me." The tempo of my thrusts accelerated, "God, you feel good under me," I thrust a little harder, "and you make me crazy with want." Deeper and harder, I pushed my hips against yours in a rhythm that drove us both insane, "Oh, God, baby. Oh. God." I bent my head to kiss your neck feverishly, breathing heavily.

"God, I love how you make love to me," you groaned, "you feel so good." When my pace increased and I started really driving into you, you gasped, "Oh God, baby. Please, please don't stop."

"You are the sexiest woman alive, I think," I laced our fingers and pressed your hands above your head. Pumping a little harder and faster, knowing that you'd prefer it a little rougher, but wanting to make you burn for it, I whispered in your ear, "Now keep your hands up like that and let me touch you." Your back arched severely when I kissed down your throat and around your breasts. I dipped my head and wrapped my lips around a hard little nipple and sucked hungrily, moaning as I shifted and pumped into your willing body faster. Moving to your other nipple, I picked up the pace of my hips, your body opened for me and I rose up over you and peeled my shirt off. I pressed my nipples to yours with a sigh and slid my arms under you. I then wrapped my hands around your shoulders from behind to hold you in place. Rocking harder into you, I could tell you liked it because your body got wetter, "Oh baby, I love being inside you... and having you under me... and knowing that you want me as much as I want you."

You shook and quivered, your hips rose to meet my own, "Oh baby, fuck me."

At this moment, I moaned in your ear, "I want you to cum for me." I kept fucking you deep. "My beautiful girl," I murmured, "I want you to cum hard." A hand drifted down between our hips and rubbed your clit softly, "Ooohhhhhh baby, you're so wet baby. Cum for me and I'll cum for you. Let me feel you cum."

"Oh!" You thrashed under me, your leg tightening around my waist, "Oh SAVI!!!! OH GOD! Yesssssssssssssss!" You gasped for air and prepared for my impending orgasm, coaxing me to climax, "Cum for me, baby. Give me what I want. Come on." I start really feeding the toy to you, "Come on, Sav. Give it to me, babe."

With a great gasp and pressing my forehead to yours, I whispered your name over and over, "Mel. Mel. Mel. Ohhhh god, Mel!" I arched hard into you, pushing the strap as deep into as I could get when I came. "Oh Godddd baby!!!!! I relaxed on top of you and smiled, "Apology accepted."