 I live in Orange County with my husband and two kids. We have a great life as a family. Our sex life is great but we, as busy parents on the once or twice a week plan, as scheduling permits.

We have a housekeeper, Carmen, who comes about once a week. Recently she has come with her niece, Delores Cortez. Delores is 19 years old, and has the dark and sensual look of her Latin heritage. Delores has a tight waist and an ass that you just "accidentally" want to bump into as it curves out enough that you might "accidentally" brush up on it. She has long hair, but when she comes over, it all business, with her hair up. She does not wear a tight top, but you can tell those young breasts are firm and would barely come down with her bra removed.

I've never been with a woman and never will. I started to become attracted to women later, in my thirties. I would never leave my husband and don't want to have a reputation in this county as a "lesbian". Its dumb that I still worry about that potential, but socially, I could not handle the ostracizing or ridicule from these fucking prudes that I have to be social with.

I called Carmen to have the house cleaned for a party, with these prudes for my husband's business. Carmen said she could not come, but that her niece would be able to come over. Yes, her niece was super hot to me, but I need the house clean and I know when Carmen is here its done right. I pleaded with Carmen to make time, but she said she would be out of the area. I had no choice but to take a chance with Delores' cleaning.

It rained the day Delores was to came to clean, so great, now after she cleans the kids and my husband with bring dirt into the house. Sometimes you just can't win.

The doorbell rang. I opened the door. Delores stood on the porch. She just stood there with water dripping from her hair, which was not up in a bun today. She was wearing a thin white tee shirt and no jacket. Jesus! I could see her black bra through the shirt.

I told her to come quickly and asked her why she was not wearing a jacket or using an umbrella?

She had merely shrugged her shoulders and smiled at me, and said cheerfully, "It's not that bad, Missus Magdelena; I like the rain."

"I do too," I laughed, "but I would much rather look at it through my window than walk in it. Oh dear, you must be chilled to the bone."

"I'm really good. Thank you. Is this a good time? I can back another time," she offered.

"No, it's an excellent time. I really need you. Jim and the kids aren't here. Unfortunately, I have some work in my study to do, but I will be out of your way," I said, my eyes constantly returning to the front of her white tee shirt. I could actually see the outline of her nipples though the shirt and bra. I could feel myself growing moist between my legs. I was glad that I would be staying home to watch her work, as I did my work, of course.

"Delores... you might catch cold as wet as your things are. Um...Why don't you let me put your shirt and your jeans in the dryer for a bit?" I couldn't believe I was saying it. As soon as the words tumbled from my lips, I wanted to slap my forehead.

"Okay," she shrugged. She nonchalantly pulled her shirt up and over her head and handed it to me. As she handed me her shirt I was staring at her bra. I could smell perfume. It was a sweet one and I know I had smelled it at Macy's, not too expense and not over powering. I pulled the tee shirt closer to my face to get her full scent. I don't believe she had ever worn a perfume when she has cleaned in the past.

She unfastened her jeans and skimmed them down her shapely light brown and smooth legs. Without thinking, I bent forward to pick her jeans up and found my face only inches from her crotch and looking at her feet. I tilted my head up. I could plainly see the dark triangle of her pubic hairs through the thin material of her white with blue flowers underpants.

I had never been this arouse by a woman before. God, she was not really even a woman, just 19 years old! I'm in my 40s. "Magdelena, get a hold of yourself!" I though.

My legs were hardly able to support me as I straightened up again and turned away from the girl, carrying her wet clothes across the kitchen and into the laundry room. Pushing them into the dryer, I braced myself with my hands on the edge of the dryer and tried desperately to regain my equilibrium. I was so sexually aroused that I was actually trembling. I wanted to just touch this teen. I wanted to feel that smooth hairless skin under my fingertips, against my lips, across my..."Calm yourself," I coached the devil on my shoulder.

After a long minute, I took a deep breath and returned to the living room where Delores was vacuuming. In just her panties and bra.

My heart fluttering in my chest, I sat down on the kitchen table, as the study was too far away from this siren. After a moment I realized I had not broken my gaze from her and quickly said, "Oh, I forgot to get you a towel from the laundry room."

Delores said, "I can get it. I've put your towels away before."

I was so nervous as I walked with her, for no good reason, to the laundry room. I pulled out a fresh towel and opened it up across. She did not take the towel from me. She just stood there, waiting for me to approach her. I gazed into her eyes and she was locked into mine. The intensity was like an electric shock through my body. I had goosebumps and I could feel the hair on the back of my neck stand up.

I moved forward and she turned her back towards me. I draped the towel over her shoulders. She did not grab the towel and it started to slip, falling to the floor. I bent down, ogled her shapely ass, the kind you want to bite and just can't explain why. I picked up the towel. I believed she was waiting for me to dry her. What if I'm wrong? I had to take this opportunity. I picked up the towel and wrapped it around her right leg. I slid it up and down to dry her leg.

Delores' legs had not gotten wet from the rain, but I sure the hell was wet like a tsunami. I continued to dry up her leg to her thigh. My face was right at those perfect gluts. I was trembling with excitement. I rubbed her right leg with the towel and put my lips next to the skin just below the butt cheek. I pressed close and felt the smoothness of a woman's thigh against my lips, oh wow!

I dried off the other leg in the same slow way. I stood up and dried her back with the towel. She slowly turned around. I looked own at her chest while I moved the towel up to her shoulders to dry that area, with the towel now covering her bra. Delores brought her hands up under the towel and unclasped her bra. I was drying her left shoulder and she removed the bra strap from her right shoulder. I moved over to the right shoulder and she removed the bra from the left shoulder and let it drop to the floor.

I had been trying to be, as best as I could, cool or at least somewhat composed, still going through the motions of drying her. Delores looked me in my eyes and mouthed without speaking, "Thank you." I was so shaky that the towel fell.

Delores did not move. I'm a married woman with this thing of beauty in front me, ahh! I bent down to get the fallen towel. She then put her left hand on the top of my head. Oh wow! I looked up at her and she moved her body forward so that her panties were right at my face. I could smell that fresh pussy. The white panties betrayed the moisture percolating out of her canal. My lips were not on her pants, but they were damn close. Delores used the hand on top of move my head agonizing slowly towards her panties. My lips landed on nirvana.

I breathed into her pussy and could smell her wonderful sent. I could feel her damp panties on my lips. Delores grabbed my hair now and pulled my face in more. I did not know what to do. Do I lick her panties? Do I move them out of the way? Do I pull them down? Delores pulled my head hard into her covered crotch and I could fell my nose crushed against her clit. My mouth was open and I was breathing as if I just finished a 10k and I was using her panties as my oxygen mask.

Delores let go of my hair and pulled down her panties. She opened the dryer door and put her right leg in the entry of the dryer. I was still on my knees and now looking at her uncovered pussy. Delores had a perfect triangle of hair above her clit and completely clean shaven from the clit down. There was so much sweet honey coming out of her hive. I moved in and put my lips on her clit. I've never gone down on a woman, so I tried putting my lips together and putting them on her clit. I hummed, like I was a bee. Delores moaned, "Mmm... Missus Magdelena."

Delores then reached down with her right hand, moving my mouth away from her clit, and pushing her thumb into my mouth. I opened my mouth. Delores then removed her thumb and replaced it with her slit. She wanted to be licked and I began licking this dripping cream. I got a good taste of this woman. I know that like heroin, it took just one taste of pussy and I'm addicted. Delores said, "Hmm," letting me I was doing a good job.

Delores put her leg down and grabbed my face with both of her hands, pulling me up. She kissed me and my nectar covered tongue bounced left and right against hers. Her lips were so soft. To feel a face with no whiskers, just smooth feminine skin against my face, pure elation.

She broke off the kiss. I was not done and wanted nothing more than for this kissing session to go on for hours. She led me by the hand to my bed. She turned me around and stood behind me. She took off my blouse and pulled down my pants and panties. She undid my bra and reached around, holding my heavy breasts. She pressed her body up against mine and I could feel her perfect gravity defying breasts against my back.

Delores turned me around and kissed me. I could hardly control myself. I caught myself feeling like I was trying to enter her using my mouth to get into hers. I felt frenzied excitement of passion in human form. I did not know when this dream would end, but I was going to make the most off it, if it was really a dream.

Delores moved down to my breasts. I don't know how to express, well enough, the amazement at feeling a woman's mouth on your breasts. She sucked and bit at just the right time. It's astonishing how a woman really knows how to make your titties wish they had something like a clit so that they could explode, too.

Delores put me on the bed and spread my knees apart. Delores made no pretense of foreplay or kissing around my pussy. She quickly put the middle finger of her right hand in my vagina. I could feel her finger separating my inner tunnel easily with my body making what felt like a small brook come out of me. She then used her thumb across my clit with her left thumb. She started to work faster, finger fucking me.

Delores then made her index and middle finger into her woman cock and pushed it into me. This spread me more. I could not believe how powerful this woman was on my pussy. She fucked my pussy with these too fingers faster than any cock could work, all the while making my bean move back and forth. I wanted to watch her do this to remember, but I could not help myself and just laid back, giving myself to this woman.

I could feel the blood rush to my head and tingling getting stronger. I was going to come. I never expected I would be coming with another woman, let alone a 19 year old specimen like Delores, but to be fucked like this, by a woman! "Deloressss! I think I'm gonna cummm!" I said without much though! How can I think!

"Good, Missus Magdelena!" Delores said as she seemed to move her face down to my pussy. I looked down and she was moving her face to my pussy. She was looking at it and then I felt that loving tongue on my clit. Fireworks! I came. I convulsed forward so hard and so many times that the next day my stomach muscles hurt! I tried to close my legs, because it was too intense. Delores would not stop fucking my cunt with her two fingers. She had the enthusiasm of a teen and I had to stop her. She relented.

I wanted to just turn around and go to sleep. I was spent. I turned to this gorgeous teen and said, "Thank you," remembering the intensity it created when she mouthed the words to me.

Delores said, "Are you happy with my work, Missus Magdelena?"

I laughed sincerely and said, "You deserve a god damn raise!"

Delores smiled.

"Delores? I could get in trouble if you told anyone what happened here today." My voice sounded wooden and heavy to my ears. "Please don't tell anyone... please?"

She laughed. "Why would I tell anyone, Missus Magdelena? You think I'd wan' anyone in my family to know that I be with a woman? Sorry, no offense. What I'm sayin' is that you don' have to worry about anythin' like that! Anyways... I hit on you, not the other way aroun'!"

"What?" I said.

She grinned as she put her underwear and jeans. "Carmen said you were very friendly. I was just hopin' you might be willin' to play aroun' a little. You're a real pretty lady," she said tilting her head slightly.

With a sudden flash of insight, I realized that what she was saying was true! The wet clothes and the willingness to strip them off in my living room; deliberately putting her ass and crotch into my face; working in her underwear as if in open invitation; it all added up now. I had been royally and easily seduced... and by a teenage expert, too!

"How did you know I might want to... to do what I did?" I stuttered. I wondered if I gave off a signal that was so obvious and who else might pick up on it.

"I knew soon as I come in the door and seen how you was checkin' out my tits," she grinned, with her yet perfected command of the English language, "There was a look in you eyes."

Before I could ask her what she meant by that last remark, she was already out the bedroom door and gone.

I later checked down stairs and she took the money I left on the counter for cleaning. My house was not perfect, but I was happy to have the service I received.

It was about three weeks after cleaning day with Delores that my husband confronted me. We were on our way to the mall to pick up a gift for a birthday. With me driving carefully through the early afternoon traffic that Saturday, Jim and I had been chatting and making plans for a birthday party when he dropped the bombshell onto me.

"Hey! I forgot to ask, how did you like Delores' service?" he asked coyly.

"Delores?" I asked nervously. "Is that the little Latin cleaning girl?"

He laughed, "Oh, c'mon Magdelena, I know you remember who she is! How was her service?"

"I think she did somethings really well, but she missed several areas. I would give her another chance," I said, considering she did not clean the house at all, but what she did do...

Jim said, "Delores told me about the service from her perspective."

My mind was spinning furiously as I searched for some sort of response.

"C'mon, Magdelena," my husband said. "Chill out! You're white as a sheet! It's okay, heck, I think it's really cool!" Jim touched my shoulder and said, "I've not seen you this happy and relaxed in such a long time as you have been these last three weeks. You deserve it."

Suddenly, too nervous to deal with the traffic, I pulled over to the side of the street and parked. Turning off the ignition, I looked at my husband. "Honey, you obviously know what happened," I began nervously. "All I can say is that I am sorry! So very sorry! It was unforgivable of me, I know. I honestly don't know what came over me, baby." I brushed a tear from my eye. "I'm so ashamed that you even know about it!"

"Don't be," he giggled softly. "It's not all your fault, Magdelena. Delores has had her eyes on you for quite a while now, and I'm the one who told her to go for it!" He giggled again.

I stared at him, "Jim, are you telling me that you set this up?"

"Yes, I saw you look at her the first time she came over and I asked Carmen to have Delores clean. But stop changing the subject, okay? Did you or did you not enjoy sex with Delores?" he pressed.

I laughed. "I can't believe you're grilling me! You had me crying and apologizing. You're such an ass."

"First, I told you I was cool with it before the tears and second, since you have not told me the juicy details. Third, you did enjoy it. Am I right? Hmm?"

Why try to deny it, I asked myself. "Yes," I said. "I did enjoy it! Satisfied?"

Jim pressed and said, "I want to hear every detail. Tell me all about it." I told him it was intimate and private, but that I would later write it down for his pleasure.

"Very fair. Hey, you want me to fix you up with another girl?" he offered.

"Jim! I think I will set up another cleaning day with Delores very soon," I exclaimed.

He had an ear to ear grin. I'll let him imagine what happened for a long before I write up the details for him to read. What an ass!