 I was searching the classifieds for a while now, but finally found what I was looking for. The ad was for a holistic, natural masseuse. I have always enjoyed being naked, so was trying to find a masseuse who would be comfortable with that. I sent off an email that read:

"Hello, 

My name is Sandy, and I am a nudist. I was looking to find a masseuse (male or female) who would be able to come to my house to massage me, and be comfortable with me being naked. I would like to keep this massage as professional as possible, but also want to feel comfortable in my own home. If you think this can work please let me know, thanks,

Sandy"

I worked as a nurse and was in desperate need of a massage. My body was aching all over, and I needed someone to help. I lived in an apartment by myself. This made it easy to express my nudity whenever I wanted. As soon as I got in the door I would shed my clothes and go about the rest of my day in the nude. It was freeing to be able to walk around naked; feel the air on my nipples, as my boobs jiggled with each step. To be able to watch tv with my legs spread open, vagina fully exposed. I liked the feeling of the hard chairs and soft cushions on my bare ass. Everything was more enjoyable when I was naked. I'm in my mid-twenties, only 5'3, with brown hair, and average build for my size. I have 32B boobs, with small but perky nipples. I keep my vagina clean shaven, and have a small, but firm ass. Being a nudist, I'm quite happy with my body, and although I haven't been naked in public, I was confident in what I had. 

The next day I got a response I was hoping for. The massage company got back to me with an email that read:

"Hello Sandy,

It's great to hear from you, we accept all clients, and since we are coming into your home, encourage you to be comfortable in whatever way you see fit. I can send our masseuse Rachel over on Friday morning if that works for you? She's a great new masseuse of ours, who's compassionate, and open to other people's way of life. Please confirm if this is okay with you, looking forward to your business,

Green Earth Massage Co."

I had Friday off, so sent an email back confirming, and then patiently waited for Friday to come.

The morning of, I woke up early, had some toast and juice for breakfast then hopped in the shower. I figured the cleaner I am the more appreciative the masseuse will be. I made sure I shaved my pubes and vagina, then hopped out and blow dried my hair. I gave myself a look over: my pink nipples were still hard from showering. My snatch was smooth, and looking clean. I was happy, but slightly nervous for my massage, so sat on the couch watching tv while I waited. 

There was a knock at the door right at 9am. I hopped up to answer it, and smiled as my boobs bounced while I walked. I opened the door to see Rachel with her massage table and bag of oils. I could see a slight shock come over her as I answered the door fully naked, but that quickly faded and I invited her in. We exchanged some small talk, I got her some water, then she started asking some more personal questions: how long have you been a nudist, have you ever been in public nude, and that sort of thing. I was curious why she was asking me these things, but I soon found out why. Rachel told me that she too enjoyed being naked, and was a bit of a closet nudist herself. I blurted out before I could think about it,

"You can be naked too if you're comfortable with it."

Did I really just ask a stranger to join me in being naked in my home? I surprised myself a bit, but was completely open and accepting to the idea. She thought about it, then said she would be comfortable being naked too, and would keep things as professional as could be. So, she stood up, removed her top and bra, and revealed her large, round breasts. Her areolas were small and cute. She then undid, and removed her pants and underwear. She was tall, slender built, with black hair and what appeared to be the softest skin I've seen. She was standing in front of me, fully naked, fully shaved, except for the landing strip of hair she left, guiding my eyes to the start of her slit, before it disappeared past her thighs. After a slight pause, we both snapped back to it, and she said she was going to get set up. I cleared a spot for her table to go and pulled the curtains shut to darken the room, while she lit some incense, played some soft music, and warmed up some lotion. She explained she was going to do a deep tissue, fully body relaxation massage. I was excited, so laid on the table to begin.

She started with me face down and oiled up my back, deeply caressing away the knots. She worked her way down my arms, massaging my palms, then back up my arms and down my back again. She oiled up my legs, continuing her way down to my feet. It felt so amazing and relaxing, I completely forgot we were both naked. She worked her way back up my legs and started massaging my ass. I didn't realize how tight the muscles were. She continued massaging my ass and legs, and ever so slightly pulling my ass cheeks apart as she worked. One pass she did she really dug into my ass cheek to massage it deeply, and I was sure my tight little asshole was clearly on display. I brushed it off, as the massage was so wonderful. After some time, she worked her way up my back again, and then asked me to turn over. 

As I turned, her back was to me as she was getting more oil. Her ass was on full display to me, as she bent to grab something out of her bag. I didn't have any sexual attraction to other females, but Rachel was so open and naked, it was hard not to appreciate her body. I lay on my back as Rachel came over, and she stood above my head as she massaged my neck and shoulders. It was quite relaxing, but as I looked up I realised her boobs were directly above me. They were so round and firm, I was quite jealous. Rachel then worked her way down to massage my chest muscles. She would massage with long, deep strokes, coming down until she just about touched my nipples, then would retreat back up my chest. It was quite relaxing, but I realized it was also quite the tease, as my nipples were starting to stick straight up. She continued her way down, massaging my sides, legs, then feet again. 

It was so soothing. Every time I opened my eyes, I snuck a glance at Rachel as she massaged me. She was so focused, her muscles flexing with every move. Her body, bare to the world, as was I. She worked her way back up my body, caressing every muscle in her path. As she moved up my legs, her hand moved towards my inner thigh, stopping just before my bare pussy, then back down and around the rest of my leg. She worked her way back up my chest again, and as I turned my head, I got an eye full of Rachel. Her crotch was right at my eye level, and her shaved slit could now be seen, as she worked her hands across my body. I turned away, and she went back to massaging my neck. 

She started some small talk, then asked if I had a boyfriend. I said no, and that I was too busy with work for that. She commended me on my openness of being naked in front of a stranger, and said she really enjoyed being able to massage naked. To thank me for the opportunity she then asked if I would like a sensual massage from her. She explained it was to help relieve stress and sexual energy, and she was trained in certain techniques, saying how it was still a professional style massage. I thought about it, and between me being busy with work, the nakedness of the two of us, and the constant touching, I figured I would let her. She told me to lie back on my stomach, relax, and enjoy her touch. She started massaging my back again, but made her way down to my ass and legs. 

She oiled up my thighs, and massaged my ass cheeks, slowly opening them to reveal my asshole again. As she massaged my inner thighs, she slowly spread my legs apart to reveal my shaven lips. She would run her hands up my inner thigh, just outside my pussy, then up and across my ass cheeks. I still wasn't sexually attracted to Rachel, but was really enjoying her touch. Her hands did feel quite good, as they brushed up against my pussy. She then switched to starting at the base of my spine, and ran her hand firmly between my ass cheeks, over my tight little hole, then down onto my pussy. Her middle fingers would run right down my slit, as her other fingers moved over my now swollen and spread lips. After a few of these passes, she asked me to turn over. 

I did as she said, and lay there fully exposed to her. I was turned on now, as her oily hands felt so good between my thighs. She massaged my chest again, but quickly moved to massaging my boobs. She oiled them up, massaging them slowly and deeply in her hand, before grabbing and pulling on my nipples. Everywhere she touched felt so good, it wasn't long before she worked her way back down to between my legs. She massaged my inner thighs again, slowly bending and opening up my legs to expose my ever waiting vagina. She would firmly pass her hands around and over my waiting slit, down to my ass, then back up again. After doing this a few times, she started to pause around my now throbbing clit. She would slowly tease it by rubbing all around it slowly, then would lightly pinch and pull on it. It was all working and I could feel my juices flowing, knowing it wasn't just the oil making a mess down there. 

After what seemed like forever, she finally inserted one of her fingers inside me. It easily slid in, and it wasn't long before another digit followed, slowly stretching out my tight hole. She would slowly slide her fingers in and out of me, while deeply and firmly massaging my clit. It felt amazing; I thought I was in heaven. After some time, she lifted my leg up and said,

"I think it's time you orgasm now,"

Excited, I closed my eyes and relaxed. With my leg in the air, she had easy access to my vagina. One hand pressed across my pubic region, with her thumb slowly massaging my clit. The other hand had two fingers inside of me, with her other two pressed firmly against the sides of my pussy. She curled her fingers up towards the top wall of my vagina, and started to slowly fingerbang me. Her speed gradually increased, until she was furiously fingering my pussy. She was really giving it to me now, her fingers gliding in and out of me, rocking my whole body, making my boobs bounce. Her thumb still attacked my clit, causing waves of pleasure to wash throughout me. Her fingers outside of me would occasionally brush against my asshole, sending more pleasure throughout my groin.

I could feel the pleasure building, and I was close to orgasming. She kept up her pace which was more than I could handle. Each of her strokes sent waves of pleasure throughout me; the sound of my hot mess being slammed by her fingers, the feeling of her fingers pressing deep within my pussy. I couldn't hold on any longer and before I knew it, my pussy squirted its juices all over the table. Rachel didn't stop though, and kept fingering me, and I kept squirting! I've never made such a mess before, but it felt so good I didn't want her to stop. After a few more good pumps of her fingers, she slowed down, as juices still ran out of my pussy, collecting on the table. She slowly slid her hand up and down my slit, brushing against my clit, still causing my body to shake. It was the best orgasm I've ever had. 

"Thank you so much for that," I said.

"My pleasure," Rachel replied. "That was quite the show, it looked like you enjoyed yourself. Glad I could help."

I slowly sat up and cleaned myself up with a towel. Rachel started to pack up her things, still completely naked. When she was done, we sat and talked for a bit. My pussy was numb with pleasure, but it was nice to be nude around someone else. After some time she said she another appointment and had to go; which unfortunately for her meant putting clothes back on. I snuck a final glance at her bare body as she put her clothes back on and gathered her things. I thanked her again for everything, letting her know it was by far the best massage I've ever had. After she left I went and lay on the couch. As I lay there, the soft cushions enveloped my naked body. I still had a tingling feeling in my groin. I had a lot to think about, but was definitely going to book another massage with Rachel, soon.