 Two weeks had passed since I got my massage from Rachel. I couldn't stop thinking about it; how good the massage was, her touch on my pussy, being naked with another person. I couldn't wait and booked a massage for the following week. Since the first massage, I became even more confident in my nakedness, and now spent every minute in my apartment naked. Feeling brave, I usually kept the windows open, slightly hoping someone could see my little tits or ass bounce around my apartment. I also tried to replicate the orgasm she gave me, but I just couldn't cum the way she made me. That meant the upcoming massage couldn't come fast enough.

I woke up that morning, excited for the day ahead. Rachel was coming over to give me a massage. I just finished working a set, so was actually in need of some release. I got out of bed, made some toast, then hopped in the shower to freshen up. I made sure everything was freshly shaved, apart from the landing strip I'd been growing to match Rachel's pubes. I toweled off, looking at myself in the mirror. I loved my body, and loved showing it off. I think I looked hot, and that's all that mattered. I sat and watched TV as I waited for my appointment.

Right at 10am, there was a knock at my door. I hopped up and practically ran to get it. I open the door to see Rachel, with a big smile on her face. I welcome her in, and by the time I shut the door her clothes were on the floor as well.

"I hope you don't mind if I work naked again, it was so fun and freeing last time. You're my new favorite client, I wish I could massage like this all day!" Rachel said.

I embraced her nakedness, taking in her large breasts and now fully shaved pussy. I saw her looking at my new landing strip, and we both laughed, as we tried to imitate each others pubic regions from before but failed. 

" I don't mind at all, I wish everyone was as open with being nude as you are." I said.

We made some small talk as she got set up, asking about each others weeks of work and that sort of thing. Once she was ready to go I hopped up on the table and instantly felt relaxed. She started massaging my neck, making her way up and down my back. She worked my lower back, pressing deeply, working her way down to my ass. She massaged that too, and I'm sure a few times again she caught a glimpse of my asshole. I kept my legs spread apart as she massaged them, working her way down, and as she massaged my feet at the end of the table I was sure my pussy was on full display. I was enjoying the massage but was really turned on at the same time. I flipped over for her to massage my front, and as she massaged my neck and chest I couldn't help but look up to see her boobs swaying above me, her little nipples protruding firmly out. I think she saw I was staring, because her next movement 'accidentally' went to far and brushed my nipples, making them rock hard too. I smiled slightly, as she continued massaging her way down. I kept trying to sneak glances of her bare ass or pussy as she massaged me, taking in her brave nakedness. I found it quite freeing to be laying there completely naked, pussy exposed to her as she massaged my feet again. But I couldn't resist how turned on I was getting as well. She slowly made her way back up my body, and before I knew it the massage was over. Rachel however, had other plans.

"So it looked like you enjoyed yourself last time I gave you an erotic massage so I took it upon myself to help improve that experience even further this time," she said with a big smile.

She went over to her bag and pulled out another small bag. She brought it over and emptied it beside me. It was filled with sex toys! There was a few vibrators and dildos and plugs. I was a little surprised by it, but also intrigued.

"Anything strike you fancy?" She asks.

"You did such a good job last time, I trust whatever you want to do," I replied.

She asked me to lay on my stomach, then started massaging me again. She quickly made her way down to my thighs and ass, pulling it apart to reveal my tiny hole to her.

As she massaged my legs, she spread them wider apart to reveal my bare pussy to her. I was fully on display for her now, and loving every minute of it. She then asked me to kneel on the table for her. I did as she asked, as she ran her hand up my leg, around the outer lips of my pussy, then up my ass, gently brushing against my asshole. She made her way back down to it, oiling it up in the process. She rubbed slow circles around it, slowly making her way in to the center of it. I didn't normally play with my ass, but this felt so good. She then told me to relax, as I could feel her rubbing a silicon toy up my pussy, then pressing it against my asshole. I tried to relax as much as I could, as she pressed the head of the toy more firmly against my lubed up asshole, as the head slowly made its way inside me. Once the head was in, the rest of the toy slid in easier, gradually getting wider as she pushed it deeper inside of me. The end of the toy quickly tapered back to being skinny, as my asshole now fully enveloped it, spreading me out wider than ever before. It felt so good to have it so deep inside of me. I was really turned on now. 

Rachel then asked me to flip and lay on my back. I quickly turn, excited for what's to come. She takes her time, playing with my boobs, her hands easily grabbing and groping them fully. She gently massages my nipples, ensuring them to stay hard, as she made her way down to my groin. I could feel my pussy was soaking wet, aching to be touched. She slowly rubbed her whole hand down from my bare mound, over my already enlarged clit, down to my soaking wet slit. I saw my wetness surprised her, as her whole hand was wet with my mess. She continued rubbing up and down before focusing on my clit. She slowly rubbed it in a circular motion, occasionally sliding down to my pussy to keep me on edge. She lifted my legs so they were bent but spread apart, again showing off my now stuffed asshole. She paused what she was doing and clicked a button on the bottom of the toy. Slow vibrations pulsed from the toy, sending waves deep in my asshole. I was surprised at first but the constant buzz in my ass felt so good. She continued slowly massaging my clit, while her other hand made its way into my pussy. No lube required there. I watch as she focuses on fingering my pussy and clit at the same time. Her large breasts sway with her hand movements, her ass sticking out so she can get a good position on me. It was hot to watch, and felt even better.

She added another finger into my pussy, slowly fucking me with them as the plug in my ass buzzed away. I was really turned on now and knew I couldn't last much longer. She sped up the face of her fingers, quickly sliding them in out of my tight little pussy. I could hear the mess of my juices every time she pushed her fingers in. She kept her other hand on my clit, still spinning circles around it, knowing how sensitive it was. She hit the button on the plug again, and now high intensity vibrations were sent deep into my ass. The buzz felt so good, as she continued finger fucking me hard, my pussy taking her fingers deep inside of me. I couldn't hold back much longer as I felt an orgasm build. The vibes in my ass, the fingers around my swollen clit, and the fingers in my pussy were too much, as my back arched, my legs spread further apart, and my pussy erupted with my juices, squirting them onto the table. My body convulsed as she continued massaging my clit, and the plug still buzzed in my ass. Another wave hit as every muscle in my body tightened and more juices flowed from my pussy. Rachel turned the vibrations off, as I lay there, still tense, as my pussy slowly leaked the last of my juices. Rachel had a huge smile on her face, which quickly spread to me. What an orgasm that girl can give. I slowly sat up, looking at the mess I made on the table. I was slightly embarrassed, but Rachel said,

"Looks like you enjoyed yourself again. I love being able to make you cum so hard. It was my pleasure to pleasure you."

She smiled and I thanked her for everything. It really was the highlight of my week. I took in her body again, appreciating her breasts, her nakedness in front of me. I glanced between her legs and could see her own juices leaking from her bare pussy. She was probably so horny from everything. I figured I should help her.

"I can't help but notice the juices between your legs. Since it's after 10am you technically aren't working anymore and perhaps I could return the favor to you?" I asked nervously.

She paused for a moment then replied,

"My next appointment isn't until noon...if you wanted to help me I wouldn't say no, I am quite turned on from seeing you climax, but you don't have to by any means."

I had never done anything sexual with a girl before, apart Rachel playing with me, but there was something about her nakedness and openness that made it seem like it wasn't a big deal. I said I would love to help her and asked her to sit on the couch. She sat with her legs up on the couch too, spread apart, fully showing off her almost bare pussy to me. I could see her juices glistening between her folds. I didn't hesitate, dropped to my knees and dove face first into her crotch. I sloppily licked every inch of her pussy lips, wanting to please her as she did for me. I encircled her clit with my tongue, as she moaned slightly with every movement. I made my way back down, following her juices all the way down to her asshole, where I spread it fully apart before diving in with my tongue. She enjoyed it as I could hear her moans increase. I made my way back up to her pussy, spreading apart her lips to reveal her vagina to me. I pressed my face into it and stuck my tongue into her as deep as I could. I came back out, then went back to licking her clit in every direction possible. I could see how turned on she was as he juices slowly trickled from her pussy. I reached a hand up to play with her beautiful boobs, my hands barely being able to grab them fully. My other hand played with her clit, as I rubbed it with my thumb, gently pinching her nipples with my other hand. 

I could feel she was close so I kept one hand on her clit and the other I slipped down to her pussy. I started with one finger, then added another, then another to fully fill her hole. I started slow, but quickly picked up the pace, as my fingers pushed deep inside of her. I increased the pace on her clit too, as I could feel it throb between my fingers. I kept my other 3 fingers fucking her hard, sliding in and out of her pussy as fast I could make them. Before long, she let out a loud moan, her body quivered, and with one last hard pump into her I felt her muscles tighten around my fingers as she orgasm'd. I slowly slid my fingers out as a small trail of creamy white juices followed it. I didn't know what got into me, but I went back down on her, licking up every bit of juice I just made her release. I felt so naughty, but was glad I could return the favor to her.

Rachel slowly came to from her orgasm, grasping her boobs as she smiled at me.

"Well that was amazing," she exclaimed.

"Glad I could return the favor!" I exclaimed back.

She cleaned herself up a bit, then we both sat back on the couch and chatted, getting to know each other a little more, still completely naked. It was nice to be so open with her, and find someone that enjoys nudity as much as I did. Before long it was time for her to leave, as she packed up the rest of her things, and unfortunately put her clothes back on, teasing me with one last glimpse of her bare pussy. 

"One last thing before I go," she said.

" I'm going to need that plug back," she laughed.

I totally forgot I still had it in me. I had gotten used to the full feeling in my ass. Embarrassed, I asked her to remove it for me, so I turned around and bent over to touch my toes. She slowly slid it out of me, as I was left standing there, bent over, asshole spread and still gaping in front of her. She leaned forward, kissing my enlarged asshole, subtly sticking her tongue out into it. It caught me by surprise.

"Until next time," she said with a smile.

"See you soon," I replied.

She left as I was standing in the doorway, still naked, nipples now protruding from my perky breasts. As the door shut I ran to the computer and went online to book my next session. 

"See you very soon," I said to myself, as my hand wandered to investigate my still spread and gaping asshole.