 I've had 2 massages from Rachel now, and 2 of the best orgasms of my life. I was quite busy with work, working 2 sets back to back, and I couldn't find the time to book another massage through her company. One night, after a particularly hard day of work, I came home, shed my clothes, and opened a bottle of wine. Not wanting to dirty a glass, I just drank straight from the bottle. About halfway through, being sad and lonely, I decided it would be a good idea to text Rachel.

"Hey :)" I sent to her.

I realized afterwards it was her work number, and that she probably wouldn't reply. But sure enough, after only a minute, she replied;

"Hi :)"

I responded back "It's been a tough week of work, any chance you can come over and give a last minute massage?"

"I'm very busy, you need to book me days in advance, I'd love to come over and just hang out though, no work appointment required :p" she cheekily responded.

"That sounds nice, head over as soon as you can. I'll be waiting :)" I replied.

My nipples became hard and a warmth came over my groin as I sent the last text. My body knew if Rachel came over, I'd be cumming too. I hopped up, grabbed two wine glasses out, poured mine into one as to not come across as an alcoholic, and put together a small cheese board. Then I sat back down on the couch, still naked, waiting for what seemed like forever. Finally, a knock came at the door.

I opened the door to Rachel, and she stepped inside. As she saw me, and my naked body, she gave me a quick kiss on the lips. It caught me by surprise.

"You're cute when you answer the door naked." she told me.

I blushed, then thanked her. She undressed in front of me, showing off her breasts, so large and round compared to mine, although we both have small perky nipples, and clean shaven vaginas. I have small, puffy outer vaginal lips, while her inner lips just slightly hang out from her outer folds. I loved her naked body, and she loved mine, and we both loved showing it off to each other.

I invited her to the couch, so we sat, drinking wine, eating cheese, and just talked. I told her about the last few days, explaining the typical trauma a nurse sees everyday, then she told me about some of her difficult clients, some that are creepy, then said how I'm by far her favorite client. That made me happy.

"You know, you don't have to book a massage to hang out with me anymore, just text me. I like hanging out with you,especially if we get to be naked." Rachel said.

"I'd like that a lot," I replied back with a smile.

"So what's the real reason you wanted me to come over at this time of night?" Rachel asked with a grin.

I didn't say anything in response, but I laid along the couch, back against the arm rest, and spread my legs open for her. She smiled, chugged the rest of the wine in her glass, and made her way over to me, laying on top of me. Our breasts pressed against each other, and she kissed me again. There was a slight pause between us, before we both started making out, kissing deeply, and aggressively. We continued kissing for a while, before Rachel made her way down my body, kissing my neck, then chest, then boobs, taking my nipples in her mouth, before kissing her way down my stomach to my bare groin. She teasingly kissed all around my vagina, before planting a long, deep kiss right on my clit. And she did't stop there, she kissed all down my slit, right into my ass, before making her way back up, pausing to lick the entire length of my now pulsing vagina. She knew how to turn me on so easily. She parted my pussy lips with her fingers, then drove her tongue into my vagina. It felt so good, her strong tongue gliding in and out of me, mixing her spit with my juices to make a hot mess between my legs. She had enough teasing, and kissed her way back up my stomach, around my breasts, then stuck her tongue into my mouth. I loved it, and loved tasting my own juices. 

"So do you want me to help you release some of that stress you've been carrying all week?" Rachel asked.

"Please, anyway that you can, I'd be ever in your favor," I replied back.

She grinned at me, then walked over to the door, grabbing her bag that I neglected to notice earlier. I took the opportunity to watch her boobs bounce as she walked, and her firm ass spread as she bent down. She came back over, reached inside the bag and pulled out a strap on dildo. It was flesh colored, maybe 8 inches long, and had a typical girth of a penis. It looked perfect for my pussy, and before I knew it I blurted out,

"Please fuck me with that, baby."

"Only if you promise to cum," she replied, tightening the straps around her legs.

She knelt on the couch, her dildo cock stuck straight out, waiting to be inside me. 

"You better lube it up," Rachel said with a grin. 

I knelt on the ground beside her and stuck the silicone cock in my mouth. I took it in deep, before combining sucking the tip with deep long strokes. I stared up at her, cock in my mouth, ready to have her take me in any way she wanted. Rachel loved it, and couldn't wait any longer.

"Lay on your back on the couch," she commanded to me. 

I did what I was told, spreading my legs apart, giving her full access to my glistening wet pussy. She positioned herself between my legs, pressing the head of the cock against my pussy, easily sliding most of the cock inside of me. She kept it deep inside me and we kissed again, passionately, as her strap on stretched out my tight little pussy. It felt so good inside of me, as she slowly slid the cock all the way in, then out of me. I let out a moan of pleasure, looking down to see Rachel, her large breasts swaying as she fucked me, with a big smile across her face. 

"Enough playing around, time to fuck you harder," Rachel said.

"Please," was all I said in reply. 

She lifted my legs up and placed them up on her shoulders, giving her deeper and easier access to my vagina. She picked up the pace, slamming the strap on deep into me, as her hand massaged my breast. God her touch felt so good, she knew how to get me going. She was now fucking me, hard, with short fast strokes in and out of my leaking pussy. She had both hands on my tits now, grabbing them fully, occasionally pinching and pulling my nipples. It was pure bliss, my pussy ached with pleasure, and I could feel myself getting close to cumming. She didn't slow down one bit, continuing to pump my pussy with her cock, occasionally ramming the whole cock deep inside of me. A few more quick pumps and I couldn't take it anymore.

My legs started shaking, then the rest of my body convulsed, I locked eyes with Rachel as I came, her strap on still inside of me. My whole body shook, and my hot white juices leaked out of my pounding pussy. After a few more convulsions, she pulled her cock out of me, leaving me laying there, legs spread, pussy still gaping and leaking from the excitement. I took a moment to calm back down, as Rachel wasted no time to crawl between my legs and lick every last drop of cum from me. Her tongue massaged my bare, over sensitive pussy, as she licked one last time up the length of my slit.

"That was incredible!" I exclaimed.

"You're pretty hot when you cum, I'm just happy I get to be a part of it," she replied

"Well, let me exchange the favor for you," I said.

I wasted no time and pushed my face between her legs, opening up her pussy lips to lick deep inside her pussy. She was dripping wet, and tasted so sweet. I encircled her clit with my tongue, before licking down her slit and doing the same with her tight asshole. I licked every inch of her groin, before making my way back to her clit. 

"I brought something that might help you," Rachel said.

She reached into her bag and pulled out a very large dildo. It was at least 10 inches long, and as thick as my forearm, white flesh color, even with realistic veins bulging out. I held it and stared at it in astonishment.

"You can take this whole thing!?" I asked.

"Yes, now fuck me baby," she responded.

She got on her hands and knees on the couch, arching her back to spread her ass and give me full access to her vagina. I started with a finger, sliding it into her awaiting pussy. In and out, I quickly added a second finger to spread open her lips to me. In and out I pushed with my fingers, feeling her warmth, her juices, her lust for more.

I swallowed as much of the cock as I could to lube it up, before slowly inserting it into her. She moaned as her pussy enveloped the tip, as I slid the shaft inside her. It stretched out her lips, filling her completely, as she took the shaft deep inside her. I paused for a moment to let her pussy adjust to the massive cock, then slowly slid it in and out of her. She moaned with more pleasure, loving the feeling of a fully stretched pussy. As her juices pooled and her lips loosened, I picked up my pace. I'd quickly slide the cock all the way out of her, then jam it back in, watching her pussy lips extend then retreat into her with the cock. Her ass stuck in the air as I plowed into her pussy with the dildo. Everything was on display to me, her tight little asshole puckered as the dildo stretched her. Not wanting to leave any hole unoccupied, I slowed the dildo to lean in and lick her asshole. I licked around it, before forcing my tongue into her ass. I buried my face between her cheeks, sticking my tongue in as far as it could go. Her moans told me she enjoyed it. But she wanted to be fucked hard. 

I told her to turn around so I can make her cum. She obliged, laying on the couch, opening her wet legs and pussy to me, her large boobs hung off to the side. I slowly slid the big cock back inside of her, this time starting off with fast and quick strokes in her vagina. Her boobs jiggled and bounced with every fuck, as she held her legs bent towards her, so I could get deeper with the cock. She was taking it fully, her juices smothered the dildo and leaked out down to her asshole. 

"Don't stop, harder and faster!" Rachel shrieked.

I fucked her hard with that big cock, slamming it into her pussy, stretching it out. She started to rub her clit with one hand and massage her breast and nipple with the other. She was getting close to an orgasm, so I continued on, hard and fast into her. 

"Don't stop, don't stop," she cried out.

She kept rubbing her clit and boobs as I continued with the big cock, now covered in her white mess, ramming it into her pussy hard. 

"I'm gonna cum!" she shouted.

Our eyes locked as I fucked her one last hard time, before sliding the cock out of her. Her open pussy gaped in front of me, as she kept rubbing her clit hard and fast. She bit lip, her legs tensed, and she came hard. Waves of white juices poured out of her pussy, dripping down her ass and onto the couch. Her body convulsed as her orgasm continued. She grabbed her boobs as her breathing slowed, as she came to from her orgasm. I went to town on her pussy, licking up her hot mess, making sure to stick my tongue down her widened vagina. 

I popped my head up to see her smiling down at me. I laid on top of her and we kissed again, giggling, reveling in the orgasms we just gave each other. Our naked bodies pressed against each other, our lips joint together, our pussies tired with pleasure. I couldn't be happier if I tried. 

"Well I'm sure glad I decided to stop by tonight," Rachel said with a grin.

"I'm glad you did too." I said back with a big smile.

"We both work tomorrow so I should probably get going. I have some cleaning up to do." Rachel said.

I was sad cause I was so comfy laying on top of her. I didn't want her to go. 

"You can clean yourself up here then stay the night if you'd like?" I asked hopefully.

"I'd like that," she replied.

She went and hopped in the shower while I brushed my teeth and hopped into bed. I was starting to fall asleep as Rachel finally joined me. She cuddled up behind me, pressing her boobs into my back, and she reached around, feeling my nakedness before resting her hand on my boob.

"Goodnight my cock hungry princess," Rachel teased.

"Goodnight my gaping temptress," I teased back.

We fell asleep like that, cuddled up naked, and I couldn't have been happier. I made sure to set my alarm early the next day, to see what fun we could get up to before work started.