 This story contains real people whose names have been changed. Some of these things really happened, others didn't. This is my first submission about my first college sweetheart and my college years, but I have plenty more adventures to come!!! 



I met her on my first day of college. She was hyper and excited I was nervous and scared. She was confident and full of laughter I was just trying to blend in.

My roommate, whom I just met, called the girl over. She flitted excitedly into our room. I held out my hand to introduce myself when she grabbed it and pulled me in for a hug. Before I knew it, her perky breasts were pressing firmly against mine. My heart started to race.

"This is Hawaii girl!!! We hug here!" she practically screamed at me. Not even one day into this college thing, and I could tell I was going to love it here.

"Oh haha, hi. Name's Austyn," I said with a nervous giggle. 

"I'm Molly, but you can just call me beautiful!" she said playfully primping her hair.

"Alright Beautiful, nice to meet you," I said, trying to stay cool.

"Oh NO!! I can't believe you actually have someone calling you that!" shouted a voice from the hallway. I looked up to see a homely brunette, pretty in the girl-next-door kind of way. "Hi, I'm Hannah! I'm Molly's roommate."

I introduced myself and the four of us chatted for a little about where we were from, why we chose this university and so on. When it was time to head toward the orientation, Molly grabbed my hand and led me out of the dorm. About half way to the orientation room she realized she was still holding my hand. She looked at our hands, looked up at me, blushed, and then let go. I wish she hadn't. Her hand in mine felt good. It felt right.

######

My name is Austyn Rae. I'm from southern California and have been blessed with an athlete's body, golden brown skin and thick black as night curly hair that other girls envied. I've known that I love women since I was in sixth grade, and I recently decided to come out to people I thought were friends. That went horribly wrong and by the time high school graduation came around, I only had less than a handful of friends and a softball team of girls who were supportive and accepting. 

Aside from that, there were three things that made me decide to go to Hawaii for college. 1) I wanted to learn, grow, and discover the world on my own terms. 2) Given the opportunity, who wouldn't go to Hawaii for four years with paid room and board? 3) There was this girl (there usually is right?). 

After years and years of being the "new kid" and hiding my true self from others, I finally decided to drop it all, take a chance, and be the real me. Be the me that I envisioned I was, people could decide whether or not they liked me. I didn't care anymore. Needless to say, Hawaii came into my life at the perfect time!

I guess I should also talk a little about Molly, she's a pretty important part of this story after all. The most defining factor about Molly is that she is a Military brat. Her parents were both in the military and they toted their three kids around from state to state, country to country. Molly grew up learning about her two very diverse cultures as well as diving into and experiencing the different cultures wherever they happened to live. Just a couple of years before college, her mom and dad were offered positions in Hawaii. They would never have to move again if they didn't want to. They picked up their three teens for one last time and settled in Hawaii. 

Molly is an exotic looking "hapa" girl. Hapa is Hawaiian slang meaning asian or pacific islander mixed. Her dad was a born in Europe but had lived in America since he was a little boy and her mom was a Hawaiian/Philipino who grew up in California. 

Molly's skin was very fair. She had chocolate brown hair and beautiful hazel eyes that sometimes were a wild jungle green. Her bubbly personality was infectious and her smile was bright as could be. Molly was the kind of girl who didn't think she was pretty, but she acted like she did. Her confidence and cockiness made her irresistibly sexy, she turned heads wherever she went. She was loud and, quite often, crass as could be. 

Over the years we had developed a very deep love/hate friendship. No one could get under my skin quite like she could. We spent countless hours arguing like an old married couple. We've had many nights giving each other the silent treatment. We've also spent many nights talking, laughing, and being silly. But that's me starting to get ahead of myself. 

The main points are these: Molly is about 5'7. She's not overweight or chunky, but she's not super skinny. Her DD boobs are amazing and perky, her round ass is firm and tight. She loves to sing and dance, and she's pretty good at both. She has her swag on full attack 24/7. Her biggest downfall is that she swears she's always right and yet she's very insecure about her personal life.

######

A couple of weeks had gone by. For the first time in my life I had a group of friends that I started. I was a part of something special. No more was I the person who hangs out with a group of people, but doesn't really belong. I was happy and I was myself!

Hannah and I were the closest. We were interested in the same subjects, liked the same movies, and had great conversations. But Molly and I had a genuine connection. We didn't need words and chitchat to enjoy one another's company. Slowly, I saw myself falling for her. The only problem was the girl who I followed 5,000 miles across the Pacific Ocean, Nicole.

I loved Nicole since we first met when I was a freshman in high school. She was a senior and she was straight (keyword: was). After about six months of friendship and spending countless hours together, she finally confided her feelings for me and we shared an amazing summer together. When it was over, she left for Hawaii and took my heart with her. 

She became my one and only and I was reduced to her summer and winter hometown fling thing. Our passion for one another could only be matched by the lack of trust between us. Not to mention the mountain of hurtful secrets we spat out to each other in anger. For some reason though, there always was and probably always will still be this small glimmer of hope and belief that we can make things work out. But this isn't the epic love story of Austyn and Nic. This is the story of the gorgeous temptress who lived across the hall, the one who always seems to get away.



As I said, a few weeks had flown by and my life was amazing! During the week, my new friends and I bonded and explored the island together. Then, Nic would pick me up on the weekends and take me to her condo on the windward side. We'd fuck all night and day, frolic at the beach, then fuck all night and day again until Sunday, when I returned to the dorms.

One Friday, Nic called and said she needed me to take her to the airport. She had to go home for a family emergency. She picked me up an hour later, and I swear I saw a hint of jealousy in Molly's eyes, through the side view mirror, as I kissed my girlfriend before we sped off. 

When I got back to the dorm, I started down the hall toward my room. I heard Molly's voice coming from the boys' room next door to my room. 

"I don't get it! That girl uses her and only calls and stuff when it's convenient for her! She is so-" Molly walked out of the room and saw me standing there. "Oh! Hey! I thought you were gone for the weekend."

"Nope," I said, " I just dropped Nic off at the airport... Why's it so dead around here?"

Molly explained that most people went on a retreat and others went home or went home with friends. Of our group of friends, it was just the two of us and two of the boys we hung out with regularly. 

We decided to go to the beach in Nic's car. The two boys boogie boarded while Molly and I found a nice little pool of water near some rocks where the waves couldn't get us, but there was a steady flow of water coming and going. We basked in the sun until it started to go down. As it got colder, we got closer. We shared a towel to sit on and a towel to cover our shoulders. When the sun was almost completely gone, we headed back to campus for dinner, then up to the dorms to clean off the salt water and sand.

I got out of the shower, got dressed, and was drying my hair as I walked into my room. Molly was already lying on my bed, waiting for me. We decided there would be too much traffic to try to go anywhere and the boys had left to play basketball, so we popped in a movie. Molly didn't want to lie on my roommate's bed, so we shared mine. 

There we were, our first time in bed together. We were on our tummies, watching the movies. I noticed that she kept looking at me. Slowly, she inched closer and closer to me. 

"Do you have a blanket?" she asked.

"Just the one you're laying on."

She rolled into me as I reached around to grab the blanket from under her. My fingertips lightly brushed her hip, causing her to shiver. I spread the blanket around us, lightly touching her here and there as I did so. We were now on our sides, facing each other. Her eyes were closed and a small smile crept on her face. I took a chance and caressed her thigh. Her eyes shot open. She stared into my eyes, trembling whenever I brushed over certain areas. 

She grabbed my hand. I thought it was over; maybe I was being a little too bold. She wrapped my arm around her waist and pulled herself closer to me, tucking her head under my chin. Her freshly washed hair smelled like tropical rainforest and sunshine. As I drank in her aroma, my heartbeat began to slow. I was so comfortable with her in that moment. It felt as if we had lain together for years before and, after years of searching, we had finally found one another once again.



Three quick knocks on the door startled us back to reality. We stayed still and silent for a moment. We could hear the boys knocking on both of our doors, trying to find us. I started to get up to open the door. She grabbed my hand as it started to leave her body. She placed her finger on my lips, telling me to "hush." She sat up and placed my hands at the hem of her shirt and started to pull it up over her shoulders. I sat up and helped her out, staring at her beautiful peach skin glowing in the light from the TV. 

Once her shirt and bra had been discarded, she laid back down, pulling me on top of her. I went in to kiss her lips, but got scared and settled for kissing her neck. I stayed there for a short time, then moved my kisses to her collarbone, all the while kneading and massaging her amazing DD orbs. 

Her hands were roaming my back. She tried to unclasp my bra and realized I was wearing a sports bra. I continued kissing her neck and moved my kisses to the tops of her breasts. Her hands moved from my back to my shoulders, pushing me down south.

I took her soft nipple into my mouth. I began sucking it gently, while circling the nipple with my tongue. I could hear Molly cooing as my hands roamed up and down her body while my tongue continued to assault her nipple. I moved my lips from breast to breast, nipple to nipple. 

I finally built up the courage to kiss her. I sat up straddling her hips; she slipped my shirt off before I knew what was going on. I quickly leaned in for the kiss. It seemed like her face was a mile away. Our lips finally touched. Hers were soft and moist, and I wanted to never move my mouth from hers. After the first kiss she grabbed my head, pulled it deeper into hers and began kissing me like she had been waiting for this all her life. I could feel her raising her hips underneath me. So I gently laid myself on top of her, supporting myself with my forearms. 

I couldn't believe this was happening! She was making me so horny, and I was getting wetter and wetter every second. We began grinding our basketball shorts clad pussies together, mashing both sets of lips together at the same time. 

I used my knee to separate her legs so I could fit better between them. Before settling my pussy back on hers, I used my knee to push her pussy, trying to put pressure on her clit. It must have worked because she started grinding on my knee. I again started to lick and suck on her breasts. 

I've never been extremely attracted to boobs; I'm more of an ass and legs kind of gal. Hers are the best tits I've ever had the pleasure to grope. To this day, I compare my current flavor of the week's tits to Molly's. 

Throughout this whole thing, we never said a word. Things were starting to get really heated. I was already trailing kisses down her tummy when her phone rang. She looked at it for a second it was her big brother. As she answered, all I could think of was her big burly brother and how I wouldn't want him knocking on my door if things between Molly and me didn't work out. I climbed off and began looking for my shirt; I needed to process what was going on. I found it and started putting my arms through the holes when she whined, "No! Don't do that!"

Too late, I had my shirt on and was looking for a sweatshirt and my cigarillos. I found them and motioned to her that I was going outside to smoke. She pouted and shook her head. I left anyway, closing and making sure my door was locked before I went downstairs. The boys saw me pass their door and asked where I was.  I told them I had fallen asleep and was just heading down to smoke. They decided to join me. 

When we got to the bench, we sparked our smokes and settled down. The boys were looking at me with huge grins on their faces. 'Oh no! They heard us!' I thought. Ricky spoke up first.

"So you were 'asleep'? And the moaning and squeaking sounding through the wall, coming for your room, was just us imagining things?"

"Well I fell asleep with a movie on, so it was probably that," I said quickly. 

"So what movie were you watching," Christian chimed in. Before I could answer, Molly came out the front doors, wearing one of my sweatshirts.



"What up boys?" she said cheerily. "Austyn..." she said looking at me with venom in her eyes.

She sauntered towards us, and sat down next to me. She asked the guys how basketball went and who won. I stopped paying attention to the conversation, as I was just grateful that the focus was off of me and my squeaky bed. Unfortunately, my peace of mind was short-lived.

"So where were you Molly? We knocked on your door forever!" said Ricky. My eyes shot to Molly. I kept thinking, 'please say you were asleep in your room or upstairs. Please say anything except in my room!'

"I fell asleep in Austyn's room. The beach wore me out!" she said. 

'Oh no,' I thought, 'here we go.' The boys looked at each other, grinned, looked at me and Molly, and looked back at one another before they chuckled to one another.

"What's so funny?" asked Molly.  

The boys looked at each other then back to the two of us and started laughing even harder.

"They heard squeaking and moaning coming from my room, so I was telling them it was the movie," I said, my voice a little tense.

"Yea, what movie was it again?" Christian asked sarcastically. My face started to get hot.

"Ok, you caught us!" Molly said. My eyes shot at her, what was she going to say? "We were watching porn!" 

Shoot me now. Molly just told GUYS that we GIRLS were watching porn together. I hoped she could see the fear in my eyes. They boys' ears perked up a little.

"Yea, I was showing Austyn how good a dude's dick can be for girls. We weren't sleeping at all. Just a straight girl trying to convert a lezzy back to the right team."

This conversation took so many quick turns I couldn't keep up. Before I knew it, they were talking about how I just hadn't met the right guy and that it was a phase. I was still in a daze over what just happened, so I agreed with them. They could have told me that one of them was the right guy for me, and I would have agreed. I was that out of it.

We stayed outside a little longer before it got too cold for the guys, so they ran upstairs to get sweatshirts. Molly looked at me and asked if I was going to go upstairs. I told her that we could, only if she wanted to. So we did. As we passed the boys room, we invited them into my room to watch a movie. They said they'd come in in a minute.

When we got to my room, I opened the door for Molly. I got a whiff of her scent as she walked by. I closed the door and checked to make sure it was locked. Molly was looking at my DVD collection on my shelf above my desk. I walked up behind her and wrapped my arms around her. She turned to face me.

"You looked like you were shitting bricks down there," she said to me.

"I just didn't want them to know what was going on in here. It could be bad for the group, you know?"

"Yea. I guess." She said, "Then I guess we better stop before things get too screwed up."

There was a knock on the door. Molly slipped from between my arms and answered the door. The boys came in, we decided on a movie and Molly and I sat on opposite sides of the room.

#######

We never talked about our night almost together. We acted like nothing happened. It killed me all year long! All I wanted was to swoop her off of her feet and into my bed. We would take naps together on the same bed, and would wake up cuddling, but that was the extent of things. I would secretly savor the smell of her hair whenever I was close enough to smell it. 

It was the last week of our first year of college. Everyone was studying for finals. Molly, Hannah and I were spending a lot of time in the library. We decided to sit at the individual cubicles to curb us from talking to one another. Molly and Hannah sat in the cubicles across from me, with Molly directly in front of me. I would look up occasionally to rest my eyes. Sometimes I'd catch Molly staring at me, other times she caught me. Both of our legs were stretched out under the table, her feet were between mine. 

When I wasn't staring at Molly or my study materials, I was texting Nic. This was our last week together in Hawaii. Things had been really rocky with Nic. She was graduating and moving back home. This was a huge stressor on our relationship. I wanted to come back and finish my four years in Hawaii, but she wanted me to go back home with her. I said it wasn't fair that she got four years in Hawaii, and I only would get one. She didn't see it that way. She saw it as me wanting time away from her. 

My relationship with Nic had been so strong the whole year. It was probably the strongest we'd ever been together. We were loyal to one another. We rarely fought. The sex was amazing. We kept things alive by trying new things in different places, Pali Overlook, Tantalus Overlook, a couple of beaches... just to name a few places. 

The month prior to Nic's graduating was the hardest month we had. We saw each other almost everyday, and almost everyday ended with one of us storming away from the other. Needless to say, I was excited for finals because we both had to focus 100% on our studies to end the year on a high note.

I looked up from my notes. I barely caught Hannah and Molly's eyes dart back down to their books when I felt cold, skinny fingers cover my eyes. I had felt these hands all over me many times before, I knew who it was before she even said, "Guess who!"

Nic leaned over my shoulder and kissed my cheek. She moved her hands from my eyes as I turned toward her.

"Want to take a break babe?" Nic asked me with a sexy smile in her eyes. It was an instant turn on for me.

"Yea, let's get out of here."

We practically ran to my room. Thankfully my roommate was still in class. I barely had time to slam the door shut as she pulled me to my bed. I fell on top of her as our lips found each other. Nic grabbed the hem of my shirt and lifted it over my head. I unbuttoned her shirt and started kissing her neck and her collarbone. She threw her head back and allowed me to keep going. I moved my kisses to the top of her small B breasts. While sucking on her warm flesh, I moved one hand to her bra clasp and undid it. I used my teeth to slide her bra off, then brought one of her light brown areolas into my mouth. Nic's hands started roaming. She was trying to unbutton my jeans. I stood up so she could get them down. To her surprise, our strap-on popped out of my jeans and greeted her. She looked up at me.
