 **THIS IS THE SECOND CHAPTER TO FINDING LOVE IN PARADISE. I SUGGEST YOU READ THAT FIRST.  THIS STORY IS ONE PART OF MANY TO COME ABOUT FUN, LUST, BETRAYAL, HEART BREAK, LONGING, REUNITING, AND LOVE. SOME OF THESE ESCAPADES REALLY HAPPENED, OTHERS DIDN'T. NAMES HAVE BEEN CHANGED AND SOME SITUATIONS MADE MORE COLORFUL, ENJOY!  PLEASE LEAVE COMMENTS ABOUT EVERYTHING AND ANYTHING. THIS IS MY FIRST STORY SERIES SO I'D APPRECIATE YOUR THOUGHTS! ALOHAA**

I woke up to Hannah lightly shaking my arm. “Wake up you! Our first final is in two hours,” she said trying to be quiet but urgent. I checked my cell phone.  I had 17 missed calls from Nic and it was 7 a.m.  Molly and I slept together all night, cuddled in bed together.  I got up, did the walk of shame to my room, showered and got ready for the day.

I stopped by the girls’ room to grab Hannah so we could head to our final.  Molly had just finished getting dressed, she grabbed her backpack and walked out with us. As we exited the dorm, Hannah started talking nonchalantly.

“So are you ready for the final?” Hannah asked me.

“I think so. I got enough studying in yesterday so hopefully I’m good to go.  Are you nervous?” I asked her as Molly and our paths split up. We wished her good luck on her final, and she did the same to us.  Hannah and I kept walking.

“OK, I hate small talk dude.  What’s going on with you and Molly? Are you guys hooking up? Because she gets all pissy whenever Nic is mentioned and then last night you two were snug as a bug in a rug. So… spill the beans dude.”

“No, we aren’t hooking up--“ I started to say.

“Bullshit! I call bullshit! Tell me the truth! I won’t judge you guys!” she said to me as we reached the classroom.

“I promise. We aren’t hooking up. I’d love to though. I think she wants to also. I don’t know… We’ll see later I guess.” I said as I held the door open for Hannah.  We walked in and sat next to one another.  As we started our written essay final, all I could think about is how I had the best sleep I’ve had in weeks and how badly I wanted to give Molly a kiss before we went our own ways. 

Hannah finished the final before me, and said she was going to get lunch and she’d meet me there when I was done. I finished ten minutes later.  As I exited the classroom, I saw Molly sitting on a bench two classrooms over. 

“Hey doll,” I said as I approached her.  She stood up and looked around.  Later I found out she was checking to see who else was around. 

When I reached her, she stepped to me, put her arms around me and gave me one of the sweetest kisses I’ve ever had.

“I wanted to do that since this morning,” she said to me. I pulled her in tight to me and kissed her again. 

“I wanted to do that again!” I said with a smile.  

Together, we walked to the cafeteria.  Once inside, we saw Hannah and some of our other friends.  We put our bags down near them and headed to grab some grub.  Molly and I were in separate lines for food. Hannah came up to me and whispered, “I swear you two looked like a couple when you walked in. I’m not the only one who noticed either! The boys are getting cur-i-ous.”

“Shh. She’s right there dude! And there’s nothing going on… yet.” I smirked. 

She laughed and slapped my arm.  “That’s my roommate and other best friend you’re talking about!” She looked me in the eyes and burst into laughter. “Anyways, Since we don’t have any finals until Wednesday, how about we all go to our secret swim spot for the day.  We’ll grab chicken and BBQ stuff, make a day of it?  It’s only 11! What do you say?”

“Hell yea! Let’s go! You tell the gang and I’ll fill Molly in.” I said excitedly.

“I’m sure you’ll fill her up. IN, I meant in. “ Hannah laughed as she walked back into the dining room. 

I got out of line and let Molly know what the game plan was.  She was excited to go too.  We grabbed a couple juices and joined our friends walking back to the dorm. One of the guys had a quick final that would be over at 12:30, so we decided to wait for him. When we got back to the dorm, we all split up to prepare for one of our final adventures as college/island rookies.  

I was in my room changing when I heard a knock on my door.  I opened the door and Molly charged inside.

“Oh now you knock.” I said sarcastically.

“Shut up! Come here,” Molly said to me.

I closed the distance between us quickly and started to kiss her while I laid her on my bed. We readjusted ourselves so we were comfortable before we started making out again.  Her hands went under my shirt and started roaming and rubbing my back as she thrust her hips up to meet mine. I continued to kiss and suck on her lips.  Then I started to make my way down toward those amazing boobs of hers.  That’s when I noticed she was already wearing her bikini top. 

I untied the string behind her neck and used my teeth to lower the small triangles covering her DDs.  I licked down her cleavage and lightly blew up and down the line, causing her to shiver.  I spread her legs with my knee and started mashing our pussies together.  She moved with such urgency and longing as she began sucking on my neck and collarbone, I started thrusting hard and deep into her with my imaginary penis.

“I want more,” she half moaned, half breathed.

I took my cue and slowly traced a couple fingers from her breast, down her side, to the strings on her bikini. I barely slid a fingertip under the fabric and started to tease her by moving from side to side across her hips.  Again, she thrust up toward me, signaling she wanted more. I moved my fingers even further down, feeling a small soft patch of hair. Again, she thrust up into me, causing my palm to cup her mound, and one finger to slip between her lips, revealing her extremely wet pussy.

“Fuck Molly, you’re so wet honey,” I said as I slipped another finger between her lips. She thrust up again, sliding my fingers along her pussy.  I could feel her clit getting harder and her pussy getting juicier.

“Are you going to do this or what?” she said giving me an attitude. That I wasn’t going to allow in my bed. Here, I’m the boss, and I was going to let her know.

I pulled my hand out from her bikini as I lifted my head to look at her.  She was pouting and was still sexy as fuck. I lowered my head and lightly bit her lip.

“Don’t act like that ma. You know I’m gonna give it to you good,” I said as I ground my pussy into hers.

“Yea. Today or tomorrow? We’ll see just how good you are,” she said, antagonizing me.

I started to lift off of her to put her in her place.  She wrapped her legs around me and pulled me back down onto her. I stopped trying to kiss and fondle her for a few seconds. She wrapped her arms around my neck and pulled my face to hers.

“You know I’m kidding baby. I just want you to hit all the spots I’ve been itching for you to get at,” she said quietly while looking into my eyes. That was enough for me. I had to make her cum right there and then. All I wanted was for her to flood my mouth with her sweet nectar.  I gave her a long passionate kiss before I began my trail of kisses toward her belly button.

Her hands were combing through her hair as I reached her naval. I went diagonally toward her left hip and used my teeth to pull the bikini strings.  Then I kissed along her bikini line until I got to the strings on her right hip. Again, I pulled on the string with my teeth. I felt her hands on my shoulders, slightly putting pressure, encouraging me to go further down.

Again, I kissed from her hip back to the center of her pelvis, just above the cloth of her bikini; I used my nose to breathe in her scent as my mouth neared her bikini-clad pussy. I dug my nose in and took a big breath. My head felt light, but I kept going.  I stuck my tongue out and licked her pussy, on top of her bathing suit. She thrust her mound towards my mouth as I continued to assault her pussy with my licks and strokes. 

My hands found her breasts and I began to knead her boobs and tweak her nipples. She held my head in place and began to arch her back and thrust her hips as she tried to keep her moans quiet. 

“Mmm. Please take it off baby.  Austyn I want your tongue on me now!” she said through heavy breaths. She lifted her ass and I removed the bikini. 

I was now face to face with her beautiful vagina. I stuck my tongue out and took the first swipe of her pussy. 

“mm… Ooooh.” She moaned.

“Shh!!” I reminded her.  She was starting to get a little too vocal. 

“I can’t! You feel so fucking amazing!”

I climbed up on her and kissed her lips so she could get a taste of the sweet juice I was enjoying down south. We kept kissing for a couple seconds when she stopped all of a sudden.

“Stand up,” she demanded.

“What?” I was so confused. I thought she wanted me to make her cum! She giggled at me.

“Stand up babe. Please?” she looked at me with her big hazel eyes. Already she knew how to get me to do her bidding! I stood up and she sat on the side of my bed. She lifted my t-shirt and wife beater tank-top in one motion.  Then she grabbed my hips and moved her head toward the drawstring on my swimming trunks.  “You’re not the only one who can do this,” she said.

She pulled the string and untied my shorts. She pushed them down and smiled as I stepped out of them.  I wasn’t wearing any underwear.  She grabbed my arms and pulled me down, on top of her.  She opened up her legs and allowed me to slip in-between them. “I want to feel your pussy on mine,” she whispered in my ear.

I grabbed her legs under her knees and pulled them up to her chest. I put my arms behind her legs, holding them in the air, as she spread her lips open while I mounted her pussy. We started fucking our clits together; it was so fucking hot and silky. Our juices running and mixing together started to make a mess. I slid my hand down to her pussy and started to massage her clit. Then I took a finger and entered her awaiting hole. She gasped as I explored her inner walls.  I slid in another finger and waited for her to adjust around them.  She started thrusting her hips like she wanted more and more.  I curled my fingers upward, trying to locate her sweet spot. 
After a couple of minutes of doing this, I couldn’t wait anymore. I slid down my bed so that my face was right above her nether lips. I used two fingers to spread her lips apart, and then I dove in.  I lashed at her clit with my tongue so furiously, she had to take the pillow from under her head and cover her face to stifle her screams of pleasure. 

As my tongue wreaked havoc on her clit, I inserted two fingers into her pussy.  This drove her over the edge as she held my head down to her pussy and pushed her hips up to get even more friction from my tongue and fingers.

“Fuck oh fuck oh fuck! Oh shit. Yes baby yes! Fuck! Austyn I’m gonna … OHH!! SHIT! FUCK! YES! OH FUCK! Don’t stop! Don’t stop Don’t Fucking Stop!” she screamed out.

I knew the boys next door could hear her. ‘Oh well,’ I thought as I sucked on her clit and pumped my fingers in and out of her pussy, “if they’re gonna get a show, it may as well be a good one.”  

Her inner walls contracted, trying to pull my fingers inside. She came once, then again, and once more before she finally pushed my head away and pulled me up towards her. My nearly naked body lay on top of her petite sweaty frame. She wrapped her arms around my neck and pulled my cum-filled face down toward her.  She licked her cum from around my mouth and kissed me, sucking my tongue into her mouth and massaging it with hers. (By the way, that’s one of my biggest turn ons. I LOVE when a woman wants to lick her cum off my face and out of my mouth. If I had a natural dick, it’d be an insta-boner type of move.)

“It’s your turn now,” she said after pulling her face from mine. I rolled us over so she was on top and I was underneath. We continued to kiss again.  I love kissing her. It’s almost as good as having sex with her. There’s so much passion and vigor in each kiss.  It makes me forget about everyone except for her. 

BUZZ BUZZ BUZZ. It was my cell phone vibrating on the little shelf above my bed.  I grabbed it and checked the screen.  It was a text from Hannah. “Now that you two are done, clean up and let’s go. We’re all heading downstairs. BTW, Molly needs a muzzle or something. The boys could hear her.”

“Shit, babe. We gotta go. Everyone’s waiting for us downstairs. Come on, let’s get up.” I said as I planted light kisses on her cheeks. 

“No! It’s your turn!” she said as she started to go down on me.  I grabbed her head and pulled her back up to me. She was pouting again. God I loved this girl! Her eyes made me melt like Austyn Jell-o on a hot summer day.

“When we get back ok?” I gave her a quick kiss on the lips. “Come on. They’re all waiting on us. I promise I’m all yours sweetie,” I said as I rolled over and got off the bed. I grabbed my trunks, pulled them up and tied them and threw on my tank top and shirt.  Molly had just finished tying her bottoms and was now starting on her bikini top. I stepped behind her and tied the straps behind her neck. Then I grabbed the strings from her hands and tied the second tie around her back. I wrapped my arms around her stomach and kissed her behind her ear down towards her neck as she readjusted her boobs in her top. I had started moving down her spine when she finished.

She turned around in my arms and wrapped her arms around my neck as we began kissing again.  It was so hard to pull away from her, but the buzzing of my phone on the shelf again brought us back to reality. I let her go and grabbed the phone and the bag I had packed with a towel, food, water, my wallet and keys. We headed to the bathroom to wash up.  She was walking in front of me, so I smacked her nice round ass. She jumped and ran to the bathroom. 

I got in the bathroom and started to wash my hands and mouth, that’s when I saw it.  A big purple hickey on my neck! Then I saw another and another, each moving lower than it’s predecessor.

“Look what you did to me!” I said kind of pissed off. She KNOWS I hate public hickeys. 

“I’m so sorry baby. I didn’t mean to,” she said apologetically, wiping the hickeys with her fingers as if they were dry erase markings.  I couldn’t be mad at her. I was actually kind of happy that she marked me. It made me feel proud for some reason. Like I had a token of the passionate sex we just had. My only regret was that I didn’t leave any on her.

“It’s ok honey.” I said as I started to plant kisses along her neck.  I was able to get one on her when we heard a knock at the door and heard Hannah yelling at us to hurry the fuck up. Molly gave me one last kiss before she walked out of the bathroom and opened the door.  I walked out after her, closed my bedroom door, and joined her and Hannah in the hallway.

Hannah looked at me, then my neck, then Molly and her neck. She did the sequence again and chuckled to herself as she started to walk. 

“Shut up.” Molly said harshly, yet embarrassed.

“I wasn’t even going to say anything. But now I’m going to say it, it’s about fucking time. Pun intended, ” she and I laughed. Molly stayed stoic. “I almost choked on the sexual tension between you two.”

We headed down the stairs.  The boys had loaded the BBQ and a couple pop-up tents in the bed of my Tundra. The twins (JR and RJ, short for Jamie Ryan and Ryan James) hopped in the back of the truck; Ricky, Christian and his girlfriend climbed into the back seat; and Hannah, Molly and I climbed into the front bench, with Molly in the middle. As I drove, I placed my right hand between Molly’s leg and mine.  She caught my drift and moved her hand to mine.  This was the first time we held hands as more than just friends. I couldn’t help but have a HUGE smile on my face. I had already fallen for this stunning young woman. 

We were all quiet for the first ten minutes or so. Then Ricky blurted out, “I think you two are hot as hell together. If ever you need me, you know where I stay.”

Molly turned around and shot him the evil eye before saying, “Don’t hold your breath, because we won’t be needing your minini services bra.”

Ricky started to speak but I reached my arm around Molly and asked her to play some music.  She did as I asked.

“Yea, train your girl Ass (my nickname, short for Ass-tyn).  Be obedient Molly. That’s the only way you’ll ever marry.”

“Oh you bit--,”she said as she started to turn around, wagging her finger.  I intervened quickly, trying to grab her hand with the arm I had around her shoulders.  I shot Ricky “the eye” through the rearview mirror. 

“Woah Titta,” he teased, “you know it’s all jokes.”

He laughed, I smiled, Molly turned around and it was done. The argument beast known as Molly was tamed once more.

We finally got to our secret spot.  Everyone hopped out of the truck and gathered at the tailgate to divvy up the equipment. Molly and I had to carry the cooler and our own bags so I gave her my bag and took the heavy cooler.  Everyone started down the beaten path as I closed and locked up the truck, only Molly waited.  She leaned in to kiss me.  I returned the gesture.  

Before we knew it, everyone was near the bottom of the downward sloping path, yelling at us to hurry up.  We were always getting lost in one another, so “hurry up” was something said often throughout our adventure. 

We got to our secret swimming hole/camp area.  It’s actually a hidden waterfall/pond area with a small clearing in the middle of a heavily wooded area that lies on an old family friend’s property.  They let me bring people all of the time as long as I let them know it’s private property and they can only come with me. 

The boys and I started to put up the tents while the girls set up chairs and a table. When the tents were up, we looked around and saw that the girls had put everything else together and laid out snacks on the table. 

We all ran for the water! We have a tradition: last person in the water has to hang up everyone’s towels when they aren’t in use so that you always have a semi-dry towel.  Molly was last and she HATED being last at anything. We splashed around, played marco polo, listened to music and just jammed.  Every now and again we’d all sit in a circle and partake in the peace pipe, then goof off for a while and go back in the water. 

After a midday peace session, Molly started hanging up towels.  I stayed with her, kissing and fondling her behind the freshly hung towels. At one point throughout a very intense make out session, I picked her up under her ass and wrapped her legs around me. I wrapped one arm around her back and snuck the other between us.  I pushed her bathing suit aside and slipped my finger into her waiting hole.  She bucked up and down on my hand, enjoying the foreign invaders in her vagina. I slipped them out and rapidly massaged her clit until she screamed in orgasm. 

On the other side of the towel we could hear a round of “cheeee-hooos” and laughter.  I set her down, holding her upright incase her knees buckled. We locked eyes and leaned in to kiss. We held each other’s gaze while we locked lips. I swear I felt fire works and butterflies and the tingles all at once. I knew in that very moment, we were destined for one another.

We couldn’t avoid going back to the group any longer.  We hung our heads in shame as we emerged from behind a towel.  Everyone’s eyes were on us.  We smiled shyly and quietly joined the group sitting on the big flat rock near the waterfall.  

Our day ended with a BBQ and a campfire.  We all sat around the campfire talking about memorable moments from our first year in college. Molly was laying down, her head on my lap, listening to everyone else.  I was running my fingers through her hair and chatting with the crew.  I felt a vibration near my knee.  She grabbed my phone, looked at the screen with disgust and hung it up.  I asked her who it was and she said it was Nic.  
