 Author's note: This is the eight part of a very long story. 

The characters (Jade and Terry) from my other story, 'Hidden Desires,' will appear here but reading their story is not necessary to understand their role in this one. 

My sincere thanks and heartfelt gratitude to all who have voted, emailed and commented on my story. Your support makes writing worth it.

There is only one more chapter until this story concludes. 

I hope Finding Love will continue be enjoyed. Comments and votes will be appreciated.



Chapter 43 

Since becoming a couple, Ari and Vivian spent many evenings at the club. Being the boss, Vivian's main job was to meet with the VIP's who frequented her club. There were some very prominent women who came to Serafina's for the anonymity it provided. Serafina's was known for its discretion. 

Ari was often on Vivian's arm, meeting with many of the patrons and being ogled, admired and envied for being with Vivian. Vivian had told her on more than one occasion that the lust she saw in the eyes of the other women when they looked at Ari, gave her a sense of pride at knowing that Ari was all hers. 

It was on one such Friday night, at about ten pm, while Ari and Vivian were making the rounds of the club that Ari spotted a familiar and very unwanted person. 

Ari had not seen Zoe in over six months but the moment she spotted her, Ari's mind went back to her past and to all the hurt, humiliation and pain she had experienced because of Zoe.

Vivian felt Ari's hand tighten painfully in hers. Looking at Ari's face, she saw a mixture of hurt, anguish and some traces of anger in her eyes. 

"Angel, what's wrong?" Vivian questioned. 

"It's her, the one I told you about; Zoe," Ari answered, her voice revealing her uneasiness. 

Vivian followed Ari's line of sight to a small group of women who were talking and laughing. 

"Which one angel?" Vivian asked.

"The one in the blue dress," Ari answered. 

Vivian took in the blonde who had caused her love so much hurt. She wasn't anything too special, attractive, somewhat self assured from what Vivian could see but no way was she on Vivian's level when it came to dominance. 

"Don't worry angel, she can't touch you, I won't allow it." 

"Don't worry! You know what she did to me, humiliated me, and took advantage of me," Ari said, anger flashing in her hazel eyes. 

Inwardly, Vivian was pleased. She knew there was some fire in there, had seen traces of it, but Ari kept it buried. It was good to see some of it coming to the surface. 

"What do you want to do angel? You want to have Lena rough her up a bit?" Vivian asked, referring to the club's very large and muscled bouncer. 

"What? No, of course not," Ari answered. 

"Angel, look at me," Vivian said as she held Ari's chin and turned her eyes away from Zoe and to her own. "Zoe can never hurt you again. You are mine, my love, and no one will ever hurt you or take advantage of you. If you want to confront her, I will stand by you as you do so but I think it's best to just ignore her. 

"She's a stupid, pathetic little girl; you are not. You are beautiful, brilliant and are going places Zoe will never be able to touch with a hundred foot pole. Let her be; if she wishes to start something with you, don't dirty your hands on the likes of her. We have people on the payroll for that," Vivian ended with a devilish grin, which made Ari laugh. 

She felt much better and more so after the scorching kiss Vivian planted on her lips. 

"Pet, how about we head upstairs and I'll make you forget all about Zoe and remember why you're mine," Vivian growled in Ari's ear over the loud music. Ari was about to respond when she heard Zoe's voice.

"Well will you look at who I've found. Long time no see Arianna, my sweet pussy slave," Zoe said for all in earshot to hear. Vivian was facing Ari and Ari saw Vivian's eyes burning white hot with anger. Vivian turned and set those anger filled eyes on Zoe. 

"Looks like you found yourself a sugar mama to take care of you," Zoe continued, ignoring the warning her friends tried to give. 

"The next words out of your mouth better be an apology, little girl, otherwise there will be consequences," Vivian said, her voice low and dangerous. 

"Zoe leave it alone, do you know who that is?" One girl said to an obviously angered Zoe. 

"Shut up Christy. Who the fuck does this bitch think she is talking to me that way?" Zoe spat. 

Christy and the other two girls just shook their heads and backed off from Zoe. 

It was Ari who spoke next.

"My god, I can't believe I was ever intimidated by someone as stupid and clueless as you are. If you had half a brain you'd see that everyone around you has the good sense to back down when they know they are in over their head. This is Serafina. This is her club we're standing in and you've just insulted her." 

"Insulting me is one thing, but you insulted my Ari and that I will not tolerate. So little girl, I will give you two choices: apologize and leave under your own power or refuse, in which case Lena here will help you leave," Vivian said seriously. As she spoke, the mountainous bouncer had appeared silently behind Zoe, towering over her menacingly. 

"On second thought, I really don't want an apology from you. Lena, throw her out and she is never to set foot in my club again," Vivian finished, then turned back to Ari. 

"Come my angel, let's go have some fun." 

Zoe didn't have time to protest as Lena smiled, showing off her gold front teeth. She took Zoe by the hair and belt, lifted her over her head like she was a feather, and tossed her out of the club's front entrance, none too gently. 

The small crowd that had gathered to watch quickly broke up as everyone went back to having a good time. Vivian made a signal to the DJ who changed the current song to a slow, sultry tune. Vivian took Ari's hand and guided her to the dance floor. Soon both women became lost in each other's gazes and movements. 

They teased, tantalized and worked each other into a frenzied state before leaving everyone behind and taking their fun to their bedroom. 

* * * * 

Kate and Meg's relationship was progressing nicely. They were still taking things slow where sex was concerned but were thoroughly enjoying just being a couple. 

Just over a week had passed since Meg had told her parents about her and Kate. Meg hadn't heard anything from her mother and had decided to keep away and let her mother make the next move. 

On the other hand, she decided to move forward with her father meeting Kate. 

"Hi Dad," Meg said into the phone. 

"Hello Megan, this is a pleasant surprise. How are you?" 

"Good thanks. Dad, were you serious about wanting to meet Kate, my girlfriend?" Meg asked. 

"Yes sweetheart, I want to meet the woman in your life," Henry answered. 

"Okay good; can we drop by your office today, perhaps for lunch?" 

"Actually I already have lunch plans but how about dinner. You and your Kate could meet me at Toscano, say about seven thirty tonight?" 

"I'll have to check with her and then I'll get back to you," 

"Of course. Let me know so I can clear my schedule." 

"Sure Dad. I'll talk to you soon. Love ya, bye," Meg said as she hung up and went into Kate's office. 

"Hi there babe," Kate said as she walked to Meg and kissed her. 

"Mmmm, hi yourself. So I just spoke to my dad and if you're free tonight, he'd like to have dinner with us at Toscano at about seven thirty. You up for that?" 

"Sure, I think I can handle one dinner with my potential father-in-law," Kate said with a grin. 

"You know that makes my mother your mother-in-law right?" Meg said with a sad smile.

"Babe, I know it's hard to think about her and her reaction. Maybe she'll come around," Kate tried. 

"I'm trying to stay positive about that but it's not easy. Anyway, let's just get through dinner with dad."

"Okay. I'll be on my best behavior, I promise," Kate told her with a wink. 

They finished out the day at work and by seven Meg drove them to the restaurant. Meg was nervous wondering how the meeting would go. She worried if her father would try and grill Kate or if he would act indifferent about Kate.

They sat at the bar and Meg downed her apple martini as she looked for her father's arrival. Promptly at seven thirty, Henry arrived. Meg signed to Kate that he was there and both women joined him. 

"Hi Dad," Meg said and kissed his cheek. She turned to Kate and introduced her. "Dad, this is Katelyn Price." 

"Very nice to meet you, Katelyn," Henry said with a genuine smile as he shook Kate's hand. 

"It's nice to meet you too Mr. Reece, please call me Kate," Kate returned with the handshake.

"Very well, Kate, shall we go to dinner." 

They were shown to their table in a corner that afforded them some privacy. Their orders were taken immediately and then they were alone. 

"Kate Price, aren't you Megan's boss at the editorial company?" 

"Yes I am," Kate answered. 

"I remember Megan talking about you when she first started working there. If I remember correctly, didn't you have an accident which resulted in you losing your hearing?" Henry asked

"Yes, some years ago during college," Kate answered. 

"I'm glad you were able to overcome it and became a successful editor and co-owner of a thriving company." 

"Dad, have you been checking up on Kate?" Meg asked. 

"I did initially when you started working for her. I guessed that it was her you were with when you said you were in love with a woman," Henry answered.

"Good guess," Kate commented. 

"Yes it was. Now Kate, I wouldn't be doing my fatherly duty if I didn't ask what your intentions are with my daughter," Henry said seriously. 

"Dad, you can't be serious," Meg whined at her father.

"It's okay Meg, I'll happily answer," Kate told her. "Mr. Reece, my intentions are thus; I want to make a life with your daughter. Marriage, kids, the whole package if she wants it but only when she's ready. I love your daughter with everything that I am, Mr. Reece, and nothing is going to change that." 

"Yes, I can tell. I hear the conviction in your voice. Megan is a big girl and she knows what she wants out of life. If that's you, well, who am I to argue? I wanted to meet you, to feel you out, and I like what I see Kate. I do hope you two will be very happy together," Henry told them. 

"Oh Daddy, thank you," Meg said with tears in her eyes. She reached across the table and took her father's hand. He reciprocated, squeezing Meg's hand reassuringly. Kate took Meg's other hand under the table and stroked it affectionately. 

"Now if we can only get your mother on board," Henry said and shook his head. "She's been very quiet ever since you told us your news. It's very unlike her," Henry commented. 

"I'm not going to try and force things between us. If she accepts Kate and the new me she'll have to reach out first," Meg said as she dried the few happy tears that had escaped. 

"I think that's wise, sweetheart," Henry agreed. 

The rest of the dinner consisted of Henry and Kate getting to know each other better. They had a few things in common, their love of Meg for starters, as well as a few of the same authors and books. As the evening drew to a close, both knew that they could get along, that there was room enough for both of them in Meg's life. Whether or not Margaret would be so agreeable they would have to wait and see.

Chapter 44

The more time went by the less hope Meg had about her mother accepting the new her. She decided not to let it keep her from living her life. Another best friend was Eva Morrison. She was married and had a two year old daughter named Carly.

Meg hadn't been too close to Eva since her marriage and the birth of her daughter. They had drifted apart, as friends tended to do as time went on, but Meg still thought of her as one of her best friends. Meg invited Eva out to lunch, having decided to tell her that she was a lesbian. 

Things started off badly the moment Eva arrived. There was a couple sitting at the table not far from them. From the way the two men looked at each other along with the subtle touches it was clear that they were a couple in love. 

Meg had never known Eva to be prejudiced or bigoted but as soon as Eva saw them she voiced her displeasure at them being there.

"Look at that, it's just disgusting," Eva hissed to Meg.

"What? They're just two people in love, Eva. Why are you so disturbed by it?" Meg asked, shocked by her friend's attitude. 

"It's not right, Meg. All these homosexuals running around; they're an insult to everything that's good and decent in the world." 

"That is a load of crap, Eva. I'm surprised at you. Being gay doesn't make you any less of a good person than being straight does," Meg told her. 

"Well maybe, but they're a bad influence on the children. You see two men or women kissing each other and next thing you know the kids all want to try it too," Eva said. 

"So what, you want to ban all gay people from interacting with children, stop them from being affectionate with each other. What's next Eva, lock all the gays up and throw away the key?" 

"Well it wouldn't be such a bad thing if they weren't around." 

"My god, Eva, what the hell happened to you?" Meg asked in disbelief. This was not the same friend she knew growing up. 

"Nothing's happened to me. My eyes have just been opened to the truth. Homosexuals are evil." 

"Well then, I guess I'm evil too. I asked you here today to tell you that I've found the love of my life and that I'm a lesbian. I don't know what happened to you to poison you against gay people, but all that hate you're carrying, it's not healthy. I'm sorry things have to end like this Eva, but I can't be friends with someone who hates who and how I love," Meg said tearfully. 

Eva sat, shocked at Meg's statement. She couldn't think of anything to say as Meg stood and walked to the ladies room where she took a few moments to pull herself together. By the time she came back Eva was gone. The young couple was still at their table and, as Meg passed, she smiled and told them how good they looked together before leaving the café. 

* * * * 

Meg had gotten a taste of both worlds. She had one parent and one friend accept her and one parent and one friend react badly to her coming out. It had been hard on her emotionally and Kate had done all she could to raise Meg's spirit and cheer her up. 

They were lounging on Meg's sofa. Kate had brought over some take out dinner and they were enjoying a quiet evening in. Kate was on her back on the sofa and Meg was on top of her. They were kissing; Meg felt safe and secure in Kate's arms. Her phone ringing interrupted them. 

"Hello." 

"Hello Megan," Margaret answered, her voice sounding tentative. 

"Mom?" Meg made it a question as she sat up. Kate read the word from her lips and sat up too. She immediately took Meg's hand in support. 

"Hello sweetheart, how have you been?" 

"I'm fine, Mom. How about you?" 

"I'm well thank you. Megan, I've been doing a lot of thinking and I would really like to talk to you and meet your friend ... your girlfriend," Margaret said slowly, hesitating at the last part. 

Meg was so shocked by her mother's statement that she was struck dumb. Kate saw her face and signed if she was okay. Meg nodded and took a deep breath. 

"Okay Mom, if you're sure you're up for it," Meg answered. 

"Yes Megan, I want to try," Margaret answered softly.

"That's great Mom. How about if we take you out to lunch, how about to that little café you like," Meg began but Margaret stopped her.

"Oh no honey, I couldn't, not in public," Margaret said, not realizing how her words were cutting into Meg. 

"Oh I see," Meg said.

"How about here at the house; I'll cook something," Margaret offered. 

"Yeah sure Mom," Meg responded. She was devastated at Margaret's remark about being seen with them in public and did her best not to let her voice show it. 

"Tomorrow at eleven thirty?" Margaret asked. Meg mouthed the details to Kate, who agreed. 

"That will be fine Mom; see you then," Meg said a little coldly and hung up. 

"Are you alright? That didn't look like it went well," Kate asked and commented.

"No. My mother wants to turn us into her dirty little secret," Meg responded and told Kate what Margaret had said.

"We may have to give her time babe. This is new and a shock to her. She's not ready for the world to know that she has a gay daughter," Kate said reasonably. 

"What? You're defending her?" Meg signed angrily at Kate. She was upset with her mother and Kate seeming to take Margaret's side was making Kate a good target for Meg's frustrations. 

"No babe, I just understand her feelings; that's all. It happens. With enough time, she'll get used to us and be okay." 

"And I'm just supposed to let it go? She's ashamed to be seen with her own daughter, her only child. What does that say about her as a mother? She doesn't love me enough to accept who I am," Meg signed as her tears began to flow. Kate tried to hold her love but she pulled away feeling slightly betrayed at Kate's argument in favor of Margaret. 

"Meg, baby, I know you're hurting and you want your mom to accept you, me, us, but this is all very new to her just as its new to you. You weren't all that eager to be out in public with me either if you'll remember. You were and still are apprehensive about that," Kate reminded her. 

Meg had to admit to herself that Kate was right. Outside of their time at the Eclipse, they had only gone out to dinner a few times but had not really been out socially as a couple. Meg was still worried about people's reaction. She was afraid that something could happen to them, given how some people viewed same sex couples. 

Kate wasn't upset by Meg's outburst. She understood Meg's feelings and reactions; however, she hoped Meg would be ready sometime soon to venture out with her for more than just a quick dinner. 

"I'm sorry Kate," Meg signed. "I didn't mean to take my frustration out on you," 

"It's alright babe, who else are you gonna take it out on," Kate replied with a grin. Meg didn't resist as Kate drew her close, welcoming her honey's touch. 

"Are you staying the night?" Meg asked after a while.

"Of course. I've gotten used to holding you," Kate replied. 

"I'm sorry I'm not ready to do more. I know it must be hard for you. I just..." Kate silenced her with a kiss.

"Babe, I love you and I never thought I'd have the chance to kiss you let alone share a bed with you and have you in my arms. I'm thankful for every moment we have together. When the time is right, we'll make love. Until then, don't worry about me okay." 

"Okay. I do love you, so very much Kate." 

"And I love you. Now let's go to bed and rest up. Tomorrow is going to be quite a day."

Chapter 45 

Every other Sunday Henry would play golf with a couple of work friends. Margaret had chosen such a Sunday to have the lunch. She wanted the opportunity to meet with Meg and her girlfriend without any witnesses. 

Margaret had made a simple three course meal. She was nervous and had no idea what to expect. She wondered what type of woman her daughter was going to present as the one she loved. 

Meg and Kate arrived and Margaret met them as they entered. 

"Mom, this is Katelyn Price," Meg said. 

"It's nice to meet you Katelyn," Margaret said and held out her hand. Kate took it and responded, "It's nice to meet you Mrs. Reece. Please call me Kate." 

"Oh no, I couldn't," Margaret said.

"Mom has a severe dislike for nicknames," Meg said. 

"Hello sweetie,' Margaret continued and hugged Meg, whose response was less than enthusiastic. She held her mother but didn't kiss her cheek as she normally would. 
