 I was incredibly nervous that first day walking into my classroom. I had been for a familiarisation visit several weeks earlier and had met my tutor, Diane, then. She was so lovely, warm and friendly. I caught her eye as I walked into the room. Her face immediately lit up with the most beautiful smile "welcome Jo! Please choose a seat and it wont be long before we start the learning experience!"

I looked around the classroom and inwardly groaned. I was easily the youngest there and wondered if there was anyone else my age that are still to arrive.

I began to power up my computer and wait for the lesson to start. I was finally going back to school. I couldn't believe it. I thought that perhaps I had left it too long, but judging by the ages of those around me perhaps it wasn't so late after all. As I finished typing all the requirements into my computer a girl came bustling through the door and headed towards the desk next to me. She was incredibly tall and curvy, wit the most amazing red hair I had ever seen. Her energy was infectious as she sat next to me an introduced herself, I couldn't help but return her huge smile as she shuffled her belongings around on her desk. "Sorry I'm late" she called to Diane, but I saw Diane's face darken at the presence of the new comer. Oddly, it shocked me, as up until now I had not seen Diane's face without a smile. 

But soon that had all been forgotten as we began the lesson. Diane was animated; standing in front of the class teaching a subject she obviously had great passion for. She gestured and demonstrated throughout the lecture and had a way of bringing the dull subject to life. I couldn't help but become engrossed in what was being said.

Diane had turned now to write notes on the whiteboard. I was scribbling furiously as she wrote and my concentration completely on the task at hand, when she dropped her whiteboard marker with an "oh" which made me look up in interest. There she was bent over to pick up her wayward pen, when a bolt of electricity coursed through me. Her ass was on full display in all its splendour in a tight pair of black pants. I could see the outline of her pussy and an image of her spread eagled on a bed waiting for her lover flashed through my mind.

I would have gasped out loud except that I just as quickly became aware of the presence of others in the room. I put all thoughts of it out of my head and continued my day, not another erotic thought entering my head.

The weeks passed and I was doing unbelievably well. I was topping the class and was feeling pretty proud of myself. Renee, the red-head, would constantly tease me that I was the teacher's pet. She said there were times when she'd look up from her computer and see Diane watching me and smiling. "You're her star pupil. You're such a nerd," she'd laugh tossing her hair over her shoulder. Our giggling together usually bought some strong looks of disapproval from Diane though, and this began to strike me as strange.

That afternoon we had a practice exam. I had studied hard and was confident that I would easily pass not only the practice, but also the real exam. I put my head down and began to answer all the questions. Before I knew it I was finished and handed my work to Diane. "Well done," she smiled. "But I am afraid I can't let you leave until all the others have finished also. Please return to you seat and wait …like a good little girl" she added under her breath. At the sound of her dropped voice my pussy tightened. Oh my god, what was wrong with me. I was NOT gay. I absolutely was not gay.

I slid back into my seat and watched the clock. I yawned; I fiddled and grew increasingly uncomfortable. I glance up and see that Diane is already marking my work. She is crossing and uncrossing her legs, with a smile lightly playing on her lips. He tongue traces around her mouth and its then that I notice her left hand brushing against her breast. Through her top I can see her nipples are quite hard. I sigh heavily and this causes her to look up. A smile on her face, she watches as I wriggle in my chair. I smile back though its strained. She glances around the classroom. Everyone's heads are down engrossed in their work. 

She looks downwards and I follow her gaze. Diane is spreading her legs slightly and lets her hand with her marking pen still firmly in her grasp drop into her lap. She smiles at me, and it's a delicious smile. I have quick visions of her again with that same smile although in my vision she is naked except for the red lace g-string moulded to her wet slit. Again I feel my pussy tghten as I imagine her that way. Her hand is now moving ever so slowly against her slit; the marker pen she holds is circling around where I imagine her clit to be. She does this for about twenty seconds, then lifts her hand way, brings the pen to her nose and sniffs it. My hole suddenly gushes and I think what a filthy bitch I bet she likes it rough. And I shake my head wondering where these thoughts come from.

Diane continues to mark the work there is only ten minutes of class left, and only two of the class have yet to finish. I now watch the clock intently. All I want to is to get home and wank myself and relieve the tension that's built up in my pussy. It's absolutely throbbing and even my asshole is beginning to pulsate.

Finally Diane makes the call for pens down and I rise from my seat. "Sit Jo please, the rest of you may go." Renee pokes my shoulder on the way out "Pet!" she whispers.

I watch the last person leave the room, and suddenly feel very vulnerable. Diane gets up from her desk and walks towards me. I feel my chest tighten. She smiles at me, and I see her smile is different, there's a hint of almost evil to it, and I squirm uncomfortably in my chair. "Intelligence such as yours shouldn't be wasted," she begins. "I see you're a good student, a willing learner, and there's a little something extra that I'd like to teach you that will bring you great rewards." She sits on the edge of my desk her face leaning close to mine. Suddenly, she's kissing me. Her mouth is soft and her tongue is deftly exploring the insides of my mouth. It feels a natural instinct for me to reach for her breast. 

My mouth muffles her moans over hers. I kiss her furiously with what feels like months of pent up passion. I can't believe what is happening. Diane has repositioned herself on my desk and now has a leg on either side of me while I am still seated. I begin to kiss down her neck, my hands rubbing over her hard nipples. I want so badly to have her breasts in my mouth and begin to pull up her top and expose her breasts. No time for undoing her bra as I yank down the flimsy lace and expose her nipples. Hard and a rich dusky pink, they are begging to be eaten. I watch them in wonderment for some time, beginning to literally salivate at the thought of them in my mouth. 

"Go on then," she barks at me. "I've waited long enough for you to do this. I'm not waiting any longer." I take her nipple into my mouth and suckle. I circle it slowly with my tongue while my hand makes sure that the other breast is not ignored. My tongue flicks over the hard nipple and when she groans, I bite down on it. She laughs, a delicious throaty laugh that makes me bite even harder. "You dirty little slut. Don't stop now." I move my mouth to her other nipple and suck hard. I pull her nipple gently with my teeth, but her hand is pulling at my hair so I grind my teeth over it and feel her beginning to squirm in pleasure.

I realise at this moment that we are in the classroom; anyone could walk in at any moment. But Diane is not at all concerned, and tells me not to stop. She begins unbuckling her pants, and before I know it, her hairy muff is staring me right in the face. Her lips protrude slightly and are glistening with her juice. She slips a finger over her slit and brings the juice to her mouth. "Mmmm. I love pussy! Do you love pussy Jo?"

"I've never tasted pussy. I'm not I'm not gay you see," I stumble and feel myself blush. Diane laughs, "Taste me." Her finger is tracing my lips before I can protest and I smell her cunt juice on her finger. My pussy feels suddenly leaden, and I greedily eat at her finger. I am surprised by the taste. It's almost intoxicating. 

"You're going to eat me now. And you're going to continue eating me until I tell you to stop." I am nervous to approach her pussy. I never enjoyed receiving oral sex, and now I was about to give it. I was more than a little terrified. "I'll guide you through it. Isn't that what I get paid for?" 

But once I leaned in to begin the aroma of her cunt hit me, and I all of a sudden knew what I was meant to be doing. Slowly with my fingers I parted her lips, and rubbed her slit up and down, watching in fascination as every now and then her pussy twitched. Her legs were spread wide so I enjoyed a wonderful view of her wet hole. I began to kiss slowly the length of her slit, occasionally stopping the suck the excess juice that had pooled in her pubic hair. I was really beginning to enjoy myself when her grip tightened on my head. "You filthy little whore, you've made me cum." And as she said that I shoved my tongue as deep into her hole as I could and felt her gush over mouth. I couldn't believe it. I'd made another woman cum. I loved the taste of her. I wanted more. Diane laughed and told me that she'd give me the opportunity.

"You've got a lot to learn."