 It was four years on from the momentous night when Fiona had been stripped and spanked by her daughter, Jenny and three of her eighteen year old school friends. ( see Mother and the Girls).All that time ago Fiona had asked Jenny to arrange her greatest fantasy. The fantasy was to be dominated by younger women who would seek to embarrass her. Photographs of  Fiona being divested of her maid's clothing and being spanked had been taken by Mary, one of the school friends.

After that evening session Fiona had started to feel apprehensive. She was not feeling guilty because of her need for humiliation. In fact the weekly spanking session which began with her naked and Jenny fully clothed still continued to date. They created a real frisson. She was not feeling guilty because of involving her own daughter. Jenny had always been supportive and understanding. The guilt and apprehension was about the photographs. What if someone found out about the session?

As time went by the fear diminished. Although Fiona was feeling more and more that what she had done was wrong she felt more secure. However four years later Mary was to be married. Mary had come to see Fiona and told her that she was to be the entertainment on Mary's hen night and that if she didn't agree that photographs would be published on the internet. The panic returned.

When Fiona shared her fears about Mary's demand with Jenny, all her daughter could suggest was that Fiona should comply. Jenny could not remember if her own face was in any of the photographs. Whilst she wanted to support her mother, Jenny did not wish to be exposed herself.

So it was 7p.m. on Wednesday night that Fiona found herself on the doorstep of Mary's mother. With a degree of trepidation about what was to unfold she rang the bell. Kirsty, Mary's mother, answered the door.

"Well hello, what have we here?"  said Kirsty.

"Mary ordered me to come round to entertain her hen party." replied Fiona.

"Well that is tonight. You had better come in and meet the guests." responded Kirsty.

Kirsty stood aside and allowed Fiona to pass her. However as Fiona passed, Kirsty helped her on her way with a crisp spank on Fiona's bottom. This was unexpected and created a deep thrill in Fiona's stomach.

In the lounge of Kirsty's house were the guests. Fiona was surprised at how many women were there. Did they all know Fiona's guilty secret?

On seeing Fiona, Mary jumped up out of her seat and introduced the other women.

"You know my mum, I told her about you about a week after our evening. She told your two neighbours Kathy and Michelle. They are flatmates in a house three doors along from your house. Kathy and Michelle were two years below Jenny and me at school. They are both twenty and have come along to participate this evening. They are really looking forward to what is to happen. Of course Sarah is here. She wouldn't miss this for the world. She told her mum, Natasha. Natasha didn't want to come as she felt she would be embarrassed but we persuaded her you wouldn't mind her watching. Joan sends her apologies but asked if the events could be recorded on DVD so she could watch later."

Mary walked over to Fiona and whispered in her ear a reminder about the photographs Mary had of the last session and that Fiona should now respond  to instructions and conversation willingly and with enthusiasm. 

Mary took hold of Fiona's hand and turned to the rest of the women and said, "Fiona begged  me to allow her to be the entertainment for tonight. Didn't you Fiona."

"I did and I am looking forward to all the debasing things you are going to make me do. Natasha, please do not be embarrassed. I want you to watch and see me humiliated." purred Fiona. The excitement had overcome any reluctance.

"OK, I am just taking Fiona to get her ready." announced Mary to the rest of the guests.

A quarter of an hour later Fiona found herself back in the lounge in the same outfit as the previous card evening. She wore the same blouse and skirt. Under these were the same bra, black lace panties, stockings and suspenders. To complete the outfit Fiona wore black stiletto heels. Mary had told Fiona to bring these with her. In the four years Fiona had put on some weight but the clothes still fitted her well. The 41 year old looked very attractive.    

When they both returned to the rest of the guests Fiona was given the first drinks order. She went to the kitchen to fill the glasses with white wine and brought them back. As Michelle took her glass she whispered in Fiona's ear that she looked beautiful when photographed. She was obviously alluding to the cards night.

Mary raised her voice and said, "Time for the first event. Fiona, come and stand in the middle of the room and place you hands on your head, shoulders back. You must recite 'Mary has a little lamb' without moving or laughing or there will be a penalty. Kathy and  Michelle, whilst she is doing this you may touch and tickle her. Try to get her to move or laugh."

Fiona took up the position and with out being told opened her legs to shoulder width. She then began to recite. Immediately Kathy touched Fiona's breast searching for the nipple and Michelle reached down and stroked Fiona's bottom. Fiona jumped at the intimate embraces.

Mary declared Fiona had lost and invited Kathy and Michelle to remove Fiona's blouse. This they did caressing Fiona's skin as it  began to be exposed. Fiona shivered with excitement.

"We are now playing for Fiona's bra." declared Mary.

"Fiona, you are to sit on Kirsty's lap and plead with her to remove your skirt rather than you bra. You have two minutes to try." said Mary.

Fiona got a thrill trying to persuade Kirsty. She offered to do all Kirsty's ironing for a week and do it in just her bra and panties, even topless. Kirsty could invite anyone she liked to watch but she didn't persuade Kirsty. At the end of the allotted time Kirsty pulled the shoulder straps down and off Fiona's arms and then instructed Fiona to put her hands above her head. Kirsty asked Sarah to put the camera down and place one hand over each of Fiona's bra cups. Kirsty then unfastened the clasp on Fiona's bra and asked Sarah to move away slowly with the garment. Fiona started to get wet as she was slowly, intimately revealed to the guests.

"Time for some photographs." said Sarah

Mary had Fiona circulated around the guest and instructed Fiona to invite each guest to examine and fondle her. Natasha, who had lost all her reservations, spent five minutes stroking and lifting the breasts and pulling and twisting the nipples which were offered to her. Fiona even whispered in Natasha's ear that she could pull and twist harder if she liked. 

Sarah snapped away as Fiona circulated. Each shot clearly showed Fiona's face but hid the faces of the other participants.

After another round of drinks, served by the topless waitress, Fiona, Mary declared the next event was musical chairs with a twist. Only Fiona moved round from lap to lap. When the music stopped the guest upon whom Fiona was sitting could remove another article of Fiona's clothes. Sarah was in charge of the music as well as taking photographs and movies. 

Fiona started on Kathy's lap. Kathy tried to delay the start by asking all sorts of questions about the rules. During this time her hands were exploring Fiona's body. However the game began and Sarah stopped the music with Fiona on Natasha's lap. They both stood facing each other and Natasha reached round to undo the zip on Fiona's skirt. As Natasha bent slightly she took Fiona's left nipple into her mouth and sucked strongly. This created a shudder of pleasure for Fiona. The skirt descended to the floor and Fiona  stepped out of it.

The next music stop found Fiona on Michelle's lap. .Michelle decided the knickers had to come off. With Fiona standing Michelle knelt down a slid the sexy garment over Fiona's hips. Michelle continued to lower the knickers but as she did so she licked Fiona's cunt.

Kirsty said as Sarah was doing all the work, she should remove Fiona's stockings. Sarah did this with great relish. Sarah was making up for lost time and lack of direct involvement. Her hands went everywhere.

These  rounds were enjoyed by all the women including Fiona. Hands explored, stoked and caressed everywhere as Fiona was passed from lap to lap. Fiona became more and more aroused.

 Sarah was very busy recording the events on a digital camera. She took both stills and movies.

When Fiona was naked the women were disappointed the game had to stop. However Fiona said the game didn't need to stop.

With a tremor in her voice Fiona said " If you all want to, we can go on. When the music stops if the woman whose lap I am sitting on calls me a 'a naughty little girl' she can put me over her lap and  spank me. If she calls me 'a brazen hussy' I will sit on her lap with my hands behind my back and you can do anything you want to me. I will even French kiss you while you tease me if you like."

"That sounds great." said Natasha. The others agreed.

By the end of the evening Fiona had orgasmed several times during both the spankings and the teasing.

As the party wound up Fiona asked, "I hope you are getting married soon, Sarah. I think I need another party." 

On leaving Kathy and Michelle both told Fiona that they had ironing that needed doing. 

 "I be round to do it on Friday but only if you make me work topless and you can take my knickers down and spank me if any of the work is not done to your satisfaction or even if it is." giggled Fiona.