 Being a corporate lawyer isn't an easy life. One must work very long hours, not to mention operate at an extremely high performance level consistently regardless of one's personal issues, such as lack of sleep, marital problems, and so on. It can strain even the strongest of relationships. Which is why I usually stay away from them. Oh, I get laid. Don't get me wrong, I'm not a robot. But in my line of work, I'd prefer to avoid unnecessary complications.

It's after working hours and I am the only person left in the building. My office has one wall that is floor to ceiling glass that overlooks the metropolitan area downtown. I can see the city from my office as if you were looking through a panoramic view finder. It is dusk and a faint pink light is still visible in the distance. But the city has come alive with thousands of lights lighting the sky like fireflies do on a hot summer night. The only light on in my office is from the desk lamp at the edge of the mahogany desk I have come to call home. I spend more hours here than at my flat a few blocks away. 

I sit in the burgundy leather wing back chair and feel the cool leather against the backs of my thighs. I am wearing what I like to think of as my "lawyer's uniform". White button up silk blouse, black pencil skirt that stops right above my knees and black heels that make the muscles in my calves look like a ballet dancer on point. My skirt is a little shorter than I like and rides up when I sit or bend over. I'm fairly certain that at some point I have given my assistant Regina quite a show as my hot pink garters peeked from the hem of my skirt as I bent to sign for a package. She never said anything but I could tell by the way her eyes scanned me from the floor to my slightly messy locks, she had seen my secret ammunition.

There was something about the way she looked at me at times that made my temperature rise. Not out of embarrassment, but the way you feel when a really hot guy checks you out. The crazy thing is I have never thought about a woman that way. I would say I love dick too much to have lesbian tendencies but there was something about Regina's soft, full lips and beautiful gray eyes that stirred something deep inside me. It didn't hurt that she had a body to die for. The perfect rounded ass, flat stomach, long legs, and breasts that most women dream of. Ok, I'm not quite sure where that came from, but I really did admire the way she moved and how her curves were accentuated in the tight dresses she wore. She was beautiful but in an unassuming way. She didn't realize how men looked at her, or if she did she didn't acknowledge it. But I think she was well aware of how my eyes lingered on her cleavage or the way I bit my bottom lip when she licked hers.

I don't understand this sudden fascination with her but I slowly lean back in my chair. I lay my head back and close my eyes, imagining her there with me. I picture her hands caressing my body, softly running her fingertips along my sensitive skin. I'm imagining what I would say or do if the opportunity ever presented itself to be seduced by such a magnificent creature. I am so deep in thought that I don't notice the footsteps in the hallway. Over my shoulder, as if from nowhere I hear someone clear their throat. Oh, God! I thought I was alone. All of a sudden I am utterly relieved that I had not acted on the urge to masturbate. I was mortified at the thought of being caught with my hand in my pink satin G-string. Then I hear a very familiar voice break the silence.

"I thought you had left for the night?"

It was Regina. I can only assume she was doing a little extra preparation in one of the other research rooms down the hall. She stood there silently, her eyes giving me a full inspection. I hesitate only for a moment, trying to compose myself and my thoughts. 

"No," I say as nonchalantly as I can. "I had some things I needed to catch up on. But why are you here so late?"

She looked at me as if I should already know the answer. "I would hope that would be rather obvious. I'm here to see you." 

My breath catches in my throat. I am speechless, certain that I had misheard her confession. I wanted to pinch myself to make sure I wasn't still lost in the fantasy. She slowly makes her way across the room, moving like a lioness readying herself to pounce on her prey. 'Oh my God, this is really about to happen' I think to myself. My pulse quickens and my juices immediately begin flowing. I can't remember the last time I was so wet. My hot pink satin G-string was adhered to my pussy lips because of the amount of fluid I was exuding. Without a word, she maneuvered her body so that our breasts were touching and I could feel the rise and fall of her chest as she breathed heavily. I couldn't control myself any longer and grabbed her by the back of the head, pressing her lips into mine. The feel of my tongue tracing around the edges of those pouty lips of hers was enough to make me crazy, but then when her lips parted and she gasped I could have melted in the hot cum that I was already feeling soaking my thighs. She met my tongue with hers and it was if we had always kissed. It was the perfect blend of slow, hurried, passionate action that ignites the deeper burning in your belly.

I never knew how badly I wanted this but I was definitely the initiator. She had brought out that primal desire in me that I had for so long suppressed, so much so that even now I wasn't sure I could fully admit to wanting to fuck a woman. But I wanted to do fuck Regina so badly that my pussy was throbbing, almost like the waves of the ocean undulating deep inside me. In one swift motion, I had ripped open her blouse exposing the most beautiful breasts I had ever seen. She wasn't wearing a bra and all I could think of was how thankful I was that there was one less obstacle standing between me and those perfectly plump nipples. I couldn't wait to feel one between my lips and to nibble them to the point of that pleasurable pain that we all secretly long for. She ran her fingers through my hair and grabbed both sides of my head urging me to lick and kiss her neck, collar bone, the small cleft between her breast and then to cover her nipple with my mouth. I suck that mound of pink flesh until she moans in ecstasy. She wants me as badly as I want her. My hands cup both breasts and I squeeze until I meet resistance. I'm not sure if she is into pain but I am testing the boundaries.

I am lost in pure animal instinct. It's as if someone else is controlling my movements. She senses that I too want to be licked and sucked, so she begins to unbutton my blouse. It seems like it is taking forever and I all I want is for her to rip it apart and release my breasts from the confinement of this satin contraption that is akin to imprisonment. She takes her time which is so erotic but agonizing at the same time. Does she have any idea how much this is killing me to be patient? She pulls my blouse down around my shoulders and tightens her grip inside the shirt to restrain my arms. She steps slowly, guiding me backwards until I feel the cold glass against my back.

"I have always wanted to fuck you as I looked out over the city at night" she whispers. "To know people can see me devour you and all they can do is watch as I eat your pussy in a way no man ever could."

It was if she knew exactly what to say. I love to have my pussy licked, my clit sucked, and to have fingers deep inside of me stroking my g spot all at the same time. It's even better thinking I could see her face buried deep between my legs with her tongue in my wet pussy. It was surreal being here in this moment with her. She wasted no time removing me from my skirt but she did stop to stare at the mound between my legs. My legs were so weak in anticipation I wanted to slide down the glass, but she wanted to be in control and instead ran her hand down my belly and slid her hand in my panties. The sensation of her touching me was transcendent. I couldn't get enough of just watching her stroke my pussy lips, sliding her fingers between them and finding that hard button that could be my undoing. I could feel myself getting close. I wanted to tell her to stop, for her to at least slow down so that I wouldn't cum. I sincerely did not want this to end. But she was oblivious to my pleas of restraint. She was a woman possessed, her tongue furiously delving into my moistened cunt. My body began to convulse with wave after wave of pleasure as I finally came. Still, Regina did not relent. She lapped up all my juices as they ran down my inner thighs, her fingers still working tirelessly on my clit so that my orgasm would not subside. 

After a few moments, I eventually came to the end of my earth-shattering climax. Regina stood up in front of me, licking her lips seductively. 

"Please tell me you enjoyed that." She said with a look that suggested she already knew the answer.

I stared back at her in disbelief. "Of course I did!" I exclaimed. "You were fucking amazing. I've never come so hard in my life!"

Then, to my utter amazement, she turned and walked back to the desk and picked up her coat. "Good" she smiled, "That gives us something to look forward to for next time."

"Next time?" I was sure I didn't hear her correctly. "But what about you? Don't I get to taste that delicious pussy of yours?" 

Regina walked over to me, put her hand against the side of my face, then kissed me more passionately than I've ever been kissed before.

"Next time." She whispered, then walked out of my office. 

I stood there for what seemed like an eternity. Did I do something wrong? Why did she leave? Then it occurred to me. This was just a part of the game. I smiled quietly as I composed myself and gathered my things to leave. "Well played, Regina." I said aloud to my now vacant office.

"Indeed. There will most definitely be a next time."