 Bird calls echo through the early morning air. The sound, too chipper by half, slowly awakens Janine from her alcohol-induced slumber. Her dark auburn hair is tousled, almost a bird's nest in the making. Groggily, she rolls from the bed and staggers to the bathroom to brush her teeth and get ready for the day ahead. 

After a brisk shower, she goes back to her bedroom to get dressed. It only takes a few moments to pick out an appropriate outfit. She clothes herself for a day at the office and applies only enough make-up to hide the previous evening's excesses. Pulling her long auburn hair into a high chignon, she grabs her briefcase and purse and then heads out into the early morning sunlight, wishing briefly for a pair of dark glasses as the sun plays havoc with her migraine.

She arrives at work early, almost an hour before anyone else. Luckily, the guards are used to her early morning arrivals and let her in without too much of a hassle. Walking quickly to the elevator, she presses the up button and waits for a few moments before the doors slide open.

She is seated there, at her desk in the reception area, busily typing up a copy of the latest memo when her boss strolls in. Janine misses a few keystrokes, glancing up at the delicious picture presented by the woman. Her boss notices (as usual) and gives Janine a small smile before heading to her office located a few doors away from the main area. Janine's typing slows and then stops as her mind goes, once more, to the long legs and flawless cocoa complexion of Minerva, her boss. Shaking her head, she pulls her mind back from its entertainment and gets back to the tasks ahead.

At 5 o'clock, Janine closes down her desk and prepares for the drive home and another lonely, boring weekend. It is while she is doing one last walk through before leaving, that she hears sobbing, coming from Minerva's office. Janine hesitates, for only a moment, before knocking and opening the door. Minerva is seated behind her desk, crying as if her heart had been broken.

She glanced up as Janine entered and closed the door. Minerva's big brown eyes focus on Janine, tears streaming unchecked down her lovely face. Crossing the room took but a second, and Janine enfolded her boss in a much needed hug. Murmuring softly, she held her and waited for the tears to subside. 

With much sniffling, Minerva soon stopped crying and reached for a tissue to mop away the traces of her crying jag. Janine sat calmly and waited for an explanation.

Her boss's soft alto soon filled the quietness of the office.

"It's not that I don't expect such actions from men, you know? It's just that I did not expect them from him. We were engaged, you see, and while I was at lunch today I happened to notice his car in a little café near here. I went to surprise him, as I usually don't take a lunch. Well, needless to say, the surprise was on me. He was in the café with some bleached bimbo, laughing, kissing and giggling. I overheard him telling her that it wouldn't be much longer before they could be together. He just needed to figure out how to let me down easy."

Minerva gulped down another sob, and continued with her story.

"Well, I couldn't let him get away with that, could I? I walked over to his table, dumped his drink into his lap and proceeded to curse him out. The girl was mortified. Until then, I assume she did not realize I was a black woman. He then told me that his parents refused to have me in the family. If he married me, he would be cut out of the family inheritance. What was he to do? This was a question he asked me. As if I even cared! Well, I slapped him and came back to work. I was doing fine until a few moments ago, when he called me. He says we need to talk. What the fuck for?"

Janine listened. It seemed almost like a sign. Finally, though, she spoke up.

"I know we don't know one another that well, Ms. Johnson. After all, I know how the higher- ups feel about employees mixing after hours, especially supervisors and their employees. However, if you would like to talk or just hang out this weekend, give me a call. I don't usually hang out much and I can always use a phone call."

Minerva thought it over and then nodded, slowly. "I would like that, Janine. Maybe I will call you this weekend."

Janine could tell a dismissal when she heard one. With a murmured goodbye, she got up and left Minerva to her musings. Then it was out of the office, after locking up, and back down to her car to head for home.

Janine decided, after taking a well-deserved nap and shower, to get dressed and head out for an evening at her favorite nightclub. She got dressed carefully, pulling on slim black leather pants and a dark red leather bustier. A pair of red 3 inch heels completed her outfit. Putting on make-up seemed too much of a hassle but she decided to liven up the paleness of her lightly tanned skin by adding bronze eye shadow and lip gloss…along with a light dusting of glitter on her shoulders and breasts. The final touch was to let her long auburn hair fall wild and curly, past her shoulders. Giving herself a final once over, she headed for the door. Just then, the phone rang.

"Hello?" she answered, a trifle uneasily.

"Hi, this is Minerva. I was hoping you would still be in. I find that I do not want to face a night alone in this house. I was wondering if maybe you could come by and visit?" The last statement had a hopeful quality to it, almost as if she expected to be turned down.

"Well, I was getting ready to head out to my favorite club. If you don't mind coming out with me, I will gladly swing by to pick you up." Janine tossed the thought out lightly, not really expecting anything to come of her offer.

"Is there a dress code?"

"Only that you be dressed to impress. Seeing as you always look so well put together at the office, I doubt if that will be a problem for you."

Minerva laughed. "Well, if you don't mind hanging out with your boss, I would not mind coming out for a while. Give me about 20 minutes to get ready and here is my address."

Thirty minutes later, Janine pulled into a parking spot in front of Minerva's brownstone and honked her horn. Minerva came bustling out, a vision in barely-there satin and lace. 

Janine's mouth dropped open as her boss clambered into her little Toyota. The dress left nothing to the imagination. Gorgeous cocoa skin peeked out from lace insets along the sides and across the midriff of the dress. There was absolutely no back to speak of, making the neckline in the front look almost virginal. Killer stilettos completed the look, along with a tiny silver anklet.

"Damn, girl, who you trying to hurt in that outfit?" was Janine's laughing question. Minerva flashed a shaky grin. 

"Did I over do it in my go to hell outfit?"

"No, you look good enough to eat." 

With that flirtatious statement, Janine put the car in drive and they headed into the city. Within a few minutes, they arrived at the club. Janine hesitated, momentarily. She had yet to warn her boss that this particular club served the interests of the gay and fetishist community. Minerva noted her hesitancy and stopped.

"Something wrong, Janine?" 

"Um, I was not sure if you knew or not. This club is a hot spot for members of the counter culture. You know, gays, lesbians, BDSM, leather, latex. I hope it is not too much for you." Janine spoke quickly, scared of her boss's reaction.

Minerva thought it over, and then shrugged. "So? I knew you were gay. And a party is always good where the freaky people are!!"

Janine felt a little better, but hadn't the slightest idea where her boss had found out her sexual preference. Not one to question such good luck, she headed for the entrance, giddily awaiting the night's unfolding.

It was a hell of a night. They both got smashed. At one point, they were in the middle of the floor dancing and Minerva had kissed her quickly before darting away in a swirl of dark chocolate skin and satin. Janine would have been flabbergasted, only the contact was too fleeting to really register in her alcohol fuzzed brain until after the fact. 

They drank the place closed and then stumbled to Janine's car. A passing police officer informed them that neither of them should be driving and offered to escort them to the nearest house. They elected to hop in and be dropped off at Minerva's.

Minerva was giddy. She dropped her keys twice before finally opening the door and staggering inside. Janine followed on her heels, slightly more sober and wide eyed at the beautiful décor throughout. Minerva made it as far as the living room before stopping to strip out of her dress and heels, prancing through her house in nothing but a thong and a smile. Janine of course, sobered up a lot quicker after that.

It was while they were in the kitchen sipping tea, that Minerva said something so startling that Janine thought she had misheard.

"Do you think you could show me what it feels like to be fucked by a woman?"

Janine shook her head, at first, not sure of what was being asked or said.

Minerva looked at her, brown eyes glowing under the kitchen light. "I know you want me. You think I don't realize the way you watch me at work? I see you looking at me. I have always thought that if I were to ever go this far, I would want my first time to be with you. You just look like you know what to do."

Minerva stood up, her curves highlighted by the kitchen's bright glare. She walked toward Janine, stopping a few inches away from where Janine sat; glued to her seat. Minerva ran her hands up her sides, caressing her own skin. Teasing and tweaking her breasts with well practiced fingers. Her voice was husky.

"Please, Janine. Show me."

Well, what what's a girl to do? Janine rose from her seat and grasped Minerva tightly, pulling her close. Wrapping her hands in Minerva's hair, Janine began the explorations with a long, deep, steamy kiss. Their breasts rubbed together, only the leather of Janine's bustier stopping the skin-to-skin electricity. Minerva moaned, low in her throat while struggling to find the zipper to remove the impediment.

Janine called a halt to the proceedings by breaking the kiss and backing away. Holding up a hand, almost in warning, she stepped back and sat down. Minerva's breasts heaved; her eyes, glazed and unfocused. 

"What?" she asked.

"Are you sure you want to do this. I really don't want you looking at me, wildly, first thing in the morning." was the answer she received to her query. Janine was having an extremely hard time focusing, but she knew that she did not want to take advantage of her boss. 

Minerva stepped closer, positioning herself between Janine's open legs. Deft fingers found the zipper, hidden along a seam, of Janine's bustier and slowly unzipped it. 

Bending forward, she carefully removed the leather and sucked gently on an exposed nipple. With a smile, she tugged Janine up and out of the chair and toward the stairs at the back of the hall. 

Moments later, they were both naked and entwined on the large king sized bed. The kisses were slow and sweet. Hands trailed and teased unexplored flesh. Janine was pleased to note that Minerva was as wet as she was. She rolled on top of Minerva, placing her cunt onto Minerva's. They began a slow grind. Their clits became harder and more sensitive from the friction, juices ran and mingled. Tongues lashed nipples and necks. Hands groped and pulled, twisted and tore. Finally though, the friction became too much and they came, together, in waves. 

They lay, entwined. Janine knew that there was so much more to show her boss but was not sure if she were ready. Minerva answered that unspoken thought by wriggling against her. The kisses began anew. Janine held her still, trying to show her what it was like. 

Beginning at the Minerva's breasts, Janine worked her way ever downward. Soon, Minerva was bucking and heaving as Janine inserted 2 fingers into her soupy cunt and flicked her hardened clit with a thumb. The pressure was too much for Minerva, she came, gushing all over Janine's hand. Janine was not finished yet. Moving down to face the beautiful slit between those lightly muscled brown thighs, she whispered "Now, I am gonna show you how eating pussy should be done"

Janine began to lick from top to bottom, running her tongue all along Minerva's inner and outer labia. She stepped up the speed until she was lapping Minerva's pussy like a cat with cream. At the same time, she inserted one finger into Minerva's hot hole and another into her tight ass. Then, she pulled Minerva's clit into her mouth and proceeded to hum, flicking it lightly with a tongue tip, while finger fucking both of the sweet holes in front of her. Janine could feel the muscles in Minerva's cunt as it geared up for another orgasm, so she stopped. Pulling back, she blew cool air gently onto the steaming pussy before her. Minerva groaned, low and deep, begging Janine not to stop. All she got for her request, was another cool stream of air. Minerva grabbed Janine's long hair and forced her face back down between her thighs. With that, Janine rammed 2 fingers in that hot box and flicked the hard nubbin for all she was worth. When she felt the clamp of inner pussy walls, the tremor of long brown legs, she withdrew those fingers and stuck her tongue deep into Minerva's pussy. Sweet juice flooded her tongue. She swallowed repeatedly. 

With that, Janine sat up. Minerva lay there, replete and drained. "What about you?" 

Janine laughed lightly, "Shit, I am tired. We will see how it goes in the morning."

And with that, they wrapped themselves around one another and fell promptly to sleep.