 Well I will start from the beginning, and tell you a little about us. We met here online in a bi-sexual chatroom. I pm'd her asking where she was from. I found out she was only a few hours away. We chatted every day, a lot of the day! We also chatted at night after we put our children to bed, and usually talked til the early morning. We got along so well, and we had so many things in common, it was really wild just how many things we had in common. We even finished each others sentences.lol It was so comfortable with her right from the start, like we had been old high school friends. 

We talked for about a month and a half. She ended up calling me from work one day and I got to hear her voice! It was wonderful! We talked for about an hour. The time went so fast. I ended up getting a phone card and I called her a few times and we talked til early in the morning! Finally we decided we wanted to meet. So we decided to make it for the weekend of my birthday. We would both travel to a halfway point, which was about 2 hours for each of us, and meet at a hotel. We searched online for a nice, yet reasonable hotel. We decided on a Holiday Inn. 

We talked the night before on the phone and we were both so excited, yet a little nervous! But neither one could wait till morning!

Well we both woke up early, having a routine to follow with our children, then getting ready ourselves. We both left our houses around 9am, and planned on meeting around 11:30am. The whole drive for both of us seemed so unbearably long, cuz we wanted to get there! Once I got on the road where I knew the hotel was, I started getting major butterflies in my tummy! And as soon as I seen the Holiday Inn sign, I started shaking, and my hands started getting clammy. I called my husband on the cell to tell him I had arrived, and talked to him for a few minutes. 

I decided to fix my make-up and freshen up a little bit before she arrived. I knew what she drove, so I kept looking for her van. Finally I seen a silver van pull in and I just froze. There she was! I was so excited, yet terribly nervous right then. I seen her get out and walk into the hotel, so I figured I would go ahead in too. As I started walking in I saw her come out towards me. She came over and gave me a big hug. We went back in and paid for a room. We ended up in room 211. We went up to the room, and took our shoes off and sat on the bed. We were both so nervous, not really sure what to do first, so we just sat there and talked for a bit.

The next thing we knew we looked at the clock and an hour and a half had past already! And we knew we only had til 6pm together. So she looked at me and scooted towards me then kissed me! It was the first time I had ever been kissed by a woman, and I was kinda in shock! Her lips were so smooth and soft. And she was so gentle. I kissed her back, and we both just looked at each other for a minute. Then we asked how the kiss felt, and agreed it felt good! We kissed again, only this time I started caressing her breasts through her shirt, then kissing down her neck. She moaned quietly and got goosebumps. We sat up and I asked if I could take her shirt off to see the pretty bra she had wore for me. Oh she looked beautiful. She had on a pretty white lace bra, and her breasts looked beautiful. She came and sat back down and I started caressing her breasts, running my finger along the bra strap, and just under the top of the bra. I undid her bra and took it off. Her breasts were wonderful. I couldn't keep my hands or eyes off of them. I finally leaned in and kissed her breast, licked her nipple, sucked it into my mouth, she moaned with delight. So I knew I must have been doing it right. 

She took my shirt off and was kissing and licking my tattoo. Then asked to take my bra off. She then caressed my breasts, kissing them. Licking my nipples, taking them into her mouth. It sent chills down my spine! The thought of a woman's mouth on my nipple made it even sexier! 

She stood up and took her pants off and showed me her sexy white lace thong she had worn for me. She looked so damn hot standing there in just that white thong. It drove me insane. 

She got back on the bed, and told me to take my pants off. I didn't argue! After I took them off I got back on the bed, and we kissed again. Caressing each other's breasts. She laid me back on the bed, and started kissing down my body. Kissing every inch of me. Even the spots I was most "insecure" with. She then looked up at me and started taking my panties off. She smiled at me then spread my legs, and next thing I knew she was parting my lips and I felt her tongue on my pussy!! OMG that felt AMAZING!!! 

She licked my outer lips, the parted them and licked up and down my slit. I felt her tongue dance over my clit, and it sent a shiver up my spine! She moved her tongue back down and I felt her slide it into my hole. OMG that sent me over the edge! I started playing with my nipples, moving my hips in a rhythm to her tongue. I felt her slide 2 fingers inside me. She started sliding them in and out and sucked on my clit, she soon had me bucking my hips and I had my first orgasm, given by a woman. It was more intense I think because of the fact that it was a woman!! She continued licking and teasing my pussy, telling me she couldn't get enuff, she could stay there all day!! But I told her that she couldn't stay there cuz I wanted "MY" turn!! She gave me one last kiss on my pussy then came up and kissed me.

We kissed a few more times, and then I got up and laid her on her back. I kissed her passionately, our tongues dancing in each other's mouths. I kissed and licked my way down to her neck. Licking, kissing, and nibbling all over her neck, and ear. I then licked my way down her collarbone, to her breasts. Stopping to kiss her breasts, then sucking each nipple into my mouth. My hand moved down her body while my mouth was busy on her nipples. When I reached her panties I slid my hand under them, and felt that she was already so wet. I helped her take her panties off. Then I moved down between her legs. I was staring at a woman's pussy for the first time in my life. Her sweet, musky scent aroused me terribly. I couldn't wait any longer. I kissed her outer lips. Then parting her lips with my tongue, I slid my tongue up and down her slit. I spread her lips and lick over her clit, then ran my tongue down to her hole. Sliding my tongue inside her hole, then back up to her clit again. Sucking her clit into my mouth, rolling it in my mouth, I then slid 2 fingers inside her moving them slowly at first then faster. She starting bucking her hips against my face. I slid in a third finger and moved them in and out faster and faster, sucking on here clit harder. I felt her muscles contract around my fingers and felt and tasted her first of many orgasms! 

I went back up and laid down beside her, and we kissed a few times then just laid there together and build up our strength for round 2!