 First kisst one-quarter inch. She had selected a thin lacy bra and knew her nipples would protrude through them and her nylon blouse. "I am young at heart and love to wear sexy clothes so what if my nipples show?" she said.

Her skirt was at her knees and she wore fashionable dark thy-high hose and comfortable but stylish one-inch heels.

She was excited as she watched the line of passengers coming through the doorway and threw up both hands and called Martha's name when she spotted her. Martha carried a light jacket over her arm but also extended her arms to greet Lydia.

Lydia felt her breasts crushing against Martha's soft breast and wondered if Martha was noticing it also. Lydia was raised by kissing a mother and sisters so she slipped her face from Martha's soft cheek and kissed her firmly but without much pressure directly on the lips. Martha's eyes widened and her sweet smile let Lydia know that she was not offended by the loving kiss.

"I had forgotten that you came from a family of kissing people," Martha said, "My family showed very little affection toward each other, so I missed out on kisses and touching." Lydia's eyes were focused on Martha's soft full smiling lips as she said, "Oh, yes, mother kissed me all the time and I guess that's where I learned to enjoy kissing." Lydia then realized that kissing another woman was very enjoyable, almost as pleasant as kissing a man, and much less complicated.

They got settled in Lydia's car and Lydia realized that her skirt had slipped up her thighs. She started to pull it down but said, "I don't need to do that since there are no men to look." Martha said, "Leave it up. Give the world a treat." Lydia glanced over and saw that Martha had let her skirt slip several inches up her slender legs.

Once they were home and Martha was hanging her clothes and Lydia was placing Martha's undergarments in drawers, Lydia noticed that Martha also wore very revealing underwear and made a comment about it. "I see that you like to wear pretty undies also." Martha blushed and smiled as she responded, "I guess that means that you wear sexy things too?" Lydia laughed, "You bet I do. I may be an old lady but I still want this old body to look as sexy as possible."

After dinner they were sharing a third glass of wine in the living room and Lydia sat beside Martha on the couch. Their feet shared a large soft footstool. Each of them had changed into a thin knee length robe with only panties and bra underneath. Their shoulders touched and they rocked against each other when something funny was said.

Lydia commented about Martha's pretty figure and they shared many complements. Their feet began to rub together and Lydia began to tickle Martha's feet with her toes. Soon they were moving their legs in this tickling game and their robes parted and slipped to the side exposing naked legs almost to their panties.

After a pause Martha laid her head on Lydia's shoulder and said, "I am enjoying being with you. I get so lonely for companionship." Lydia touched her face on Martha's head and then placed her arm around her shoulders and drew her close in a hug. Martha responded by turning more toward Lydia and brought her arm over and placed her hand just under her breast. Their cheeks were touching and Lydia slowly turned her face toward Martha. Soon her lips were lightly brushing Martha's cheek as she whispered to her lovely woman friend.

"Your family never hugged and kissed like mine did. That's a shame because everyone needs to feel loved." Martha turned her face more toward Lydia and whispered, "My own mother only kissed me on the cheek a few times. You are the first woman; that ever kissed me on the lips. That's the reason I may have looked a little shocked when you kissed me at the airport."

Lydia drew her head back another inch and gazed at Martha's pretty lips. "Did I offend you by kissing you?" Martha blushed a little and then said," Oh, no. I wasn't offended in the least. In fact, it made me think you really liked me enough to kiss me."


Lydia smiled and said, "I'm glad I didn't offend you or scare you by kissing you, but I really do like you, and you had better be warned that I might try to kiss you again."

Both women paused and gazed at the other ones lips that were only a few inches apart. Lydia's lips formed a soft smile as she moved to close the distance between her warm lips and those of her woman friend. Martha moved her face closer to Lydia and their soft sweet lips gently touched in a deliberate kiss. The kiss lasted only a few seconds as each one pulled back slightly. They fondly gazed at the other pair of lips so sweetly smiling of their pleasure from the kiss. With mutual consent they brought their willing lips back together for their first kiss with passion. Lips clung to lips. Heads slightly tilted and each felt the delight of feeling their lips slipping and opening against the lips of another woman.

When their lips slowly parted, each woman knew that a new door had opened.

If you like this first part of the story I will publish the rest of it.