 A little about me:

My name is Nalia and I'm 28, Im about 5'8 and on the curvy side. 38 DD. Dark, straight red hair just to my shoulders. I decided a few months ago that I wanted to be more spontaneous and wild. I have been so plane for my whole sexual life, I want to try almost everything at least once. I made this decision about three months ago and so far I have done a few pretty wild things, I will share my stories one at a time and since this is the first post I want to start with a standard, my first lesbian experience. 

This was early April and I started going to clubs to find people to fool around with. I did some fun shit but this is the story of Macy. I saw her dancing with some guys in this tight black dress that barely covered her pussy, it was strapless and her tits were almost popping right out even though they were not huge, around a B cup. Some greasy guy was grinding on her and she was rubbing her ass on his crotch having a great time. She was around my height and fairly pretty, she was wearing a lot of really dark smokey makeup and she had really short bleach blond hair. She had clearly had some drinks, maybe something else, but she was dancing like crazy in these tall stiletto heels and seemed pretty steady even with the guy pressing against her. 

I had a few drinks to loosen up, and it was working. This was also the first time I fooled around in public, I fired back a shot and got myself on the dance floor. I knew I was looking to be wild tonight so I wore a nice short black skirt and a little red halter top with no bra...or underwear. I got on the dance floor and immediately had a couple guys grinding on me. This guy in jeans and a blue button up shirt that was half unbuttoned put his hands on my hips and rubbed his boner against my ass, my skirt riding almost all of the way up. As i danced and pulled my hair back and rubbed against this guy I watched Macy still dancing like a maniac. She slid her hands up and down her smooth thighs, bending over to twerk against her dance partner. I caught her eye as she was bent over and she smiled at me and groped her body all over. I wanted to show off so i leaned back into my dance partner, rubbing my head against his chest and wrapping one arm around his neck as i groped my breast with the other hand, sliding it down my body and rubbing my thigh. She smiled again and licked her lips at me, I couldn't help but turn red and kind of giggle to myself. The guy I was dancing with started to put to moves on me but I knew what I was after that night so I just casually danced away from him and started grinding against Macy. He got the hint and fucked off somewhere, leaving me with my new friend. 

I didn't fuck around, I was so used to being shy and taking things slow, I wanted to be spontaneous and dangerous. I pushed Macys sexy ass back against the stage, we were in a dark corner at this point with everyone dancing around us. I danced in front of her, showing off my body as she put her hands all over me, laughing and smacking my ass when i bent over in front of her. Then i leaned into her and slid my tongue into her mouth. I think she was surprised but she leaned into me and explored my mouth with her tongue. She was an amazing kisser, her lips were pouty and full, her hands rested on the back of my head and i felt a tingle of pleasure from the experience. I kissed her lower lip and looked into her eyes excitedly, she smiled at me slyly. 

This is the part that gets me excited just to think about it. This was a pretty wild club, not a fetish club or anything, but sexual activity on the dance floor was not unheard of. Macy sat back on the stage and leaned back on her elbows, spreading her legs. She wasn't wearing panties either, she showed the entire club her smooth, glistening pussy. Most people didn't notice, some guys absolutely did. I wasn't quite prepared yet for full on public sex (i have, since, done this, which i will share in another post)so i ran my hand up her creamy thigh and leaned in to her ear and whispered that I wanted her to come home with me. She jumped up and grabbed my hand and off we went to catch a cab, guys drooling after us as we left.

We made out a little in the cab and she asked the driver if he wanted to see her tits, which, of course, he did, and she showed him. I flashed him as well as we ran to my door giggling. We got inside and i poured us both a glass of wine. We threw back our drinks and i released my inner slut and immediately started shoving my tongue in Macys mouth, sliding my hand up her dress and for the very first time, feeling a wet dripping pussy that wasn't my own. This was an amazing feeling, you know that smooth, just shaved feeling? That was her beautiful mound, her soft silky skin beneath a layer of wetness that dripped down her milky thigh. Imagine your hand, the first time you ever slipped your fingers inside a tight girl, that amazing feeling of her muscles squeezing around your fingers as you fucked her tight little hole with your hand. God, her eyes rolled back and she laid back on my couch, her knees spreading further apart so i could see her moist lips wrapped around my fingers. She bucked her hips against my hand, my palm massaging her clit and she moaned my name. 

I leaned down and licked her pussy lips, the first taste of a woman I had ever experienced, it was breathtaking. She tasted like the little slut i knew she was, and I wanted more, i slid my tongue in and out of her, flicking it against her clit as she shuttered. My fingers still pounding the fuck out of her i licked and fingered until i heard a sudden sharp inhale, and her muscles squeezed around my fingers as she orgasmed. So satisfying. She took a moment and i licked her clean, then she sat up and pushed me back and opened my legs. I hadn't even realized how wet i was until she effortlessly slid her finger inside me. She smirked at me as i felt her thin finger caress my cunt, and then she reached for her purse and pulled out a little black vibrating bullet. She turned it on and lightly slit it up my thigh. The tingle was incredible, she was so seductive and such a tease. She slid the vibrator all over my legs, up and down between my wet lips and gently around my throbbing clit. I was ready to burst, i watched her lick her pretty lips and she reached for her purse again. She pulled out a pair of blue anal beads and slid the first few beads in her mouth, playing with them with her tongue, teasing me. I got so excited, i loved ass play and i wanted her toy inside me more than I wanted my next breath. 

Macy first slid the end of the beads inside my dripping wet cunt, getting them nice and moist. Then, she put one, two, three beads in my ass. I clenched and it felt amazing, she pressed the vibrator against my taint and i could feel the vibrations in my ass hole. When the entire string of beads was inside me she started furiously fingering me, the vibrator pressed perfectly against my clitoris so that every part of my womanhood felt amazing. She fucked my moist cunt, calling me a tight little slut through clenched teeth and finally the intensity overcame me and As I orgasmed, Macy pulled the anal beads out of me in one swift motion and i experienced the most amazing orgasm of my life. 

We both sat, dripping and satisfied, on my couch finishing our wine and finally i tasted Macys beautiful mouth one last time before pouring her into a cab and sending her home. That was my first experience with a woman and I will never forget it, I hope you wont either.