 I have always been the person who wasn't willing to try anything. But one day that changed. It was an experience I wouldn't soon forget. First off, let me describe myself. I am 5'5", 110 lbs, I have blonde hair, blue-green eyes, tanned-skin, C-cup breasts, tight buns, and I have NEVER had any problems getting a man. 

One day, one of my male friends, Adam, said that it would be interesting and sexy to see me experiment with another woman. I just laughed it off and said, "Yeah right, not in this lifetime." He said, "Yeah, one day it'll happen." Well, that day happened three weeks later. 

See, I had this friend that I met in college, Kate. She was one of those fun-loving girls, always willing to try anything. She loved to party, and she was a best friend to the bottle. Anyhow, she asked me to go out to a party with her on a Friday night. I didn't know the people we were partying with, but I seemed to fit in quite well. In fact, I hit it off with many guys. 

I had been drinking pretty heavily that night and when I looked over at Kate, she was looking pretty sexy dancing with those guys. Her long brown hair, blue eyes, nice, tight ass, and even her usually large D-cups were looking pretty good. It was something I never would've thought before. I called Adam and asked him to join me at the party, and I even told him the feelings I was having about Kate. He just laughed and said that I was finally getting my first chance. I just let him go and went off to party some more. 

About ten minutes later, Kate came by and said she had something to show me. So along I went with her. She brought me into a bedroom upstairs. There wasn't anyone else up there, or at least not that we could see. She stood in front of me and wrapped her arms around my waist. She told me that she had done girl-on-girl action while we were in college. For obvious reasons, that didn't surprise me. She was gorgeous. 

Anyhow, after telling me of her wild college experiences, she kissed me. It was soft. She then proceeded, this time with her tongue. I didn't know what to think at first, but then I joined in on the kissing. She had a sweet taste in her mouth. I liked it-a lot. She then moved down to my neck, then to my breasts. She unbuttoned my shirt and kissed my breasts. Next thing I knew, my shirt was off. We made out for a few seconds, then she went down to my stomach. It felt great. I started to unbutton my pants, but then she took over. Down came the zipper. I couldn't wait to see what was going to happen next, so I pulled down my pants. 

I was standing there in my bra and thong and she was still fully dressed. I moved on over to her and undressed her until she was down to her bra and g-string. So there we were, in our underwear together. I felt so comfortable with her. It felt so right. She then unhooked my bra and dropped it on the floor. She unhooked her own, too, and did the same. Her breasts looked great!! If I ever saw great breasts, they were hers. She moved over to me and started to suck on my hard nipples. I moaned. For being a woman, she sure knew how to suck on nipples. I got so turned on that I backed up and onto the bed that was behind me. I pulled her with me. I was lying on my back and she started again on licking my tummy. Then down she moved to my inner thighs. I couldn't take it anymore and so I removed my thong. She moved down to my labia and just kissed it. Oh, did that turn me on. I moaned some more. Inside I was begging to get more. I just kept thinking, "Come on, suck my pussy, come on, just suck it." 

Ohhhh, with the slip of her tongue she had me over the top. I grabbed her head and pushed it into my sopping, wet pussy. She was incredibly good at sucking pussy. I didn't care anymore that she was a woman. She was incredible!! She flipped over in the sixty-nine position and I just tasted her pussy. It was sort of sweet, too, just like her tongue. It wasn't bad. I started off slow, but sped up after I got the hang of it. She must've liked it because she was moaning pretty heavily herself. 

All of a sudden, the door swung open. I looked over for a second and saw Adam in the doorway. He just stood there smiling. I didn't even care. I just kept on going, enjoying every bit of attention my pussy was getting. I don't think Kate noticed Adam because she just kept going, moving her tongue in and out as I moaned. I put two fingers into her pussy and she just about melted. It was the sexiest moan I had ever heard. 

I moved in and out really fast, sucking at the same time, and her moan just kept getting louder and louder. We were moving into each others' mouths as fast as we could until all of a sudden I felt myself cum. I just let myself go. And at the same time, I tasted something even sweeter. We had orgasm'd at the same time!! It was by far the best orgasm I had ever had. When we finally calmed down, I looked over at Adam. He was smiling, cum all over his hand. He said it was the sexiest thing he had EVER seen. I told her I thought it was great and she just smiled at me and said "I know." I got my clothes on, told her to call me, and went out the door with Adam. As we were walking down the stairs, everyone was smiling at me like they knew what had happened. I didn't care. It felt great and was fun at the same time. 

After leaving, Adam drove me to his house, asked me every detail of my first lesbian experience, and fucked the hell out of me for the rest of the night. It was one night I would remember for the rest of my life.