 I had a difficult time when I first came out as a lesbian. Understanding me as a person was hard enough. I had not begun to consider what characteristics I wanted in a partner or the type of relationship I wanted. I knew I longed for companionship. Partners before I came out remained secret, forbidden, and purely sexual. It prevented me from truly satisfying my desires. Necessity drove me to come out. My true friends did not care and my family loved me unconditionally.

At my lowest and most desperate moment, I decided to try a gay bar. I felt I would only meet a loose, drunken woman at a bar and I knew I did not want that. Fear inundated my thoughts. I did not know if I looked gay enough to attract feminine women because I looked femme. Then I had a philosophical debate with myself on the importance of labels when making a real connection. 

Naturally, I sat at the bar and ordered a drink. I considered ordering several Jack Daniel's to gain some liquid confidence. I felt out of place, like a new club member who had not received the rules. I had a mental picture of girls kissing at every table and sneaking to the bathroom for more. However, I looked around and saw some women talking, some watching TV, some listening to music, and some sitting alone. 

I scanned the room in a clockwise direction looking for single women who stood out. It seemed a logical approach. I spotted a woman at two o'clock with long, curly dark hair, what I liked. She looked inconspicuous. That quality attracted me because I like down to earth women. 

I surreptitiously looked back and forth at her and my drink trying to decide what to say. My pulse quickened, my palms felt warm and sweaty, and my throat felt like a desert even though Jack Daniel's dripped down it. 

"Don't get your hopes up. She's with someone," the bartender said.

"Who is with someone?" I said. 

A grin spread across the bartender's face and her eyes moved in the direction of my two o'clock. "The woman you are obviously trying not ogle," she said. 

"Is it really obvious?" I said. 

"Yes, but it is ok," she said smiling. "I haven't seen you here before. Are you trying to find a new spot?" 

"You could say that." I looked down at my glass of ice that previously contained a liquid. I turned the glass up trying to remove the liquid left between the cracks. 

"You know we do have several bottles of Jack Daniel's. I can give you a refill," she said.

"You are embarrassing me."

"Don't worry about it," she said. "I have been a bartender for a while and it's easy for me to spot cruisers."

"I'm not a cruiser. I'm trying something new. I didn't know what to expect and now I am starting to think I made a mistake coming here." I swiveled around to get off the stool.

"Hey look. I am sorry," she said.

I turned around to face her as I felt her hand grab my arm and she leaned over the bar. A chill ran through my body as I looked into her eyes and felt her soft touch. 

"Lighten up. I did not mean to spoil your night. Can I make up for it by giving you all the Jack you want?" Her smile reappeared on her face with her eyebrows raised. 

"That will do it." I smiled and turned the rest of my body towards her. "The nervous that I felt when I first came in has now doubled, thanks to you." 

"Expect the best and that it what will happen," she said

I watched the bartender slowly turn and walk away. I found checking out her ass unavoidable. I could tell she worked out. Obvious muscular definition in her legs pushed through the thick denim of her jeans. She flexed well-developed arms and shoulders in her halter-top as she grabbed a bottle. Her aura appeared soft even though her body looked firm. 

As I turned up my second glass, someone caught my eye. I could see a blond woman making eye contact so I went over to her. 

"Hi, my name is Lilly. I was wondering if I could sit and talk to you."

"That would be great," she said. "I'm Kelly. I saw you and thought you looked cute. The only thing is I have been here a while and I am getting bored. Could we go to your place and talk?"

"If you want to," I said. There is not anything special about my place but I would like to get to know you. Do you want to follow me?"

Chapter 2

"Please, sit." I tossed aside a throw on the sofa and I motioned for her to sit next to me. 

She bounced down on the couch with a smile on her face. Her eyes scanned the living room. "Are you a photographer," she asked, pointing at a wall of framed photos.

"It is only a hobby," I said. "So tell me about yourself. Where are you from? How old are you."

"I am nineteen and from here," she said. Her eyes continued to scan the room.

"I am from here as well. I don't mean it in a bad way but you are younger than I thought. I don't think you look old, but mature." Kelly sprang up from the sofa and walked across the room. 

"You have a lot of DVD's." Her finger went over each DVD as she read the titles. 

"Yes, I like movies. Would you like a bottle of water or anything else?" 

"You are a good host but no thank you." She came and sat back down beside me. "You did say you wanted to talk, didn't you?" 

"I thought we could get to know each other like I said. We could watch a movie if you like." I looked at her body noticing her breasts rise and fall as she breathed. My eyes traced from her flat stomach to her smooth, slender legs. Her personality did not stimulate me, but I did not want the night to end a complete waste. Even mediocre sex could salvage a bad night. 

"I am not in the mood for a movie," she said, sliding closer to me. She grabbed my arm and put it around her on the back of the sofa. 

I leaned in and kissed her. I could taste her pink lip-gloss. I rested my other hand on her lap as we continued to kiss. I felt her gently pull away from me. 

"You are a good kisser," she said. 

I kissed her again and let my hand move to her stomach. Being with a teenager had its positives. Her body felt firm, but did not feel as muscular as the bartender looked. I didn't know how far she would to let me go so I worked slowly and diligently. 

I slid my hand under her shirt to feel her skin as we kissed. I felt her suck in her stomach. I moved my hand around to her waist and pulled her towards me. As I reclined, she climbed on top of me. 

I sat up, pulled off my shirt, and she followed suit. I saw her full breasts pushed up. Her nipples felt hard through her white satin bra. She looked down at me, dragged her hands from my shoulders down over my breasts, and rested her fingertips on my stomach. 

I remove the clip from her hair. Long blond curls fell around her shoulders and long bangs framed her face. She had hair perfect for pulling. I ran my fingers through it thinking about snatching her head back and kissing her neck, but I resisted. 

My fingers dropped from her hair to her shoulders. I hooked my finger around her bra strap and pulled it down revealing her breast. I felt slight resistance as I pulled the fabric over her large nipples. I stopped pulling, letting the bra rest below her nipples, which kept her breast pushed together. I took her nipple between my by fingers and squeezed a few seconds, leaving it red and swollen.

I pulled her left bra strap down. Her nipples pointed straight out. I slid my hand underneath her skirt to feel her pussy. She wore a sheer, dampening thong. I pushed aside her thong and felt her clit and pussy lips with my fingers, but put little pressure on her skin. 

I put my arm around her and held her as I moved on top and put her on her back. I pushed her breasts together and licked from one to the other. They felt hard swirling around my tongue and getting harder as I sucked them. She squirmed around underneath me and wrapped her legs around my body. 

"Is this ok for you?" I said. 

"It's perfect," she said laughing. "I didn't say this before but I think you are very sexy."

"Thank you very much," I said smiling back at her. "You are too."

I stood up and pulled my pants down. I didn't wear underwear so I stood nearly naked in front of her. I could see an enticing view of her pussy through her sheer panties. I climbed back on top of her and she tightly wrapped her legs around my back. 

She kissed me and I felt her unhooking my bra. I laid flat against her putting all of my weight on her so that she could easily reach the hook. My breasts slightly dropped and I sat up to feel my bra straps slip off my shoulders and down to my writs. I pulled the bra off and tossed it on the floor. 

My breasts fell over hers and our nipples touched and slid over each other. Tingles shot throughout my body. Her full breasts and flat stomach wanted me deep inside her. She had a full, pouty mouth good for sucking. Her bright blue eyes were screaming at me to take her as hard as I could, but I held back. 

Her necked smelled sweet as I kissed and sucked it. I had a mental image of her stepping out of the shower and spritzing herself with a body spray. I pictured a spray on her neck, cleavage, and the sweet spot between her legs. It didn't take long to pass on the noble idea of finding a love connection and settle with pure lust. 

I pushed her skirt up above her waist so that I could grab the waistband of her panties. She lifted her ass off the sofa as I pulled them over her curves and down her body. I grabbed her legs behind her knees and pushed them up and apart. I looked at her little wet pussy hole. It looked tight and pink, as if it needed a good pounding from my strap on. 

I took two fingers and worked them up and down her slit even grazing her ass hole getting some of the juices from her pussy on her ass hole, making her pussy lips look shin and wet. I put my wet fingers in my mouth and sucked the tips. 

"Mmm, you taste good," I said. 

"Thank you," she said. She grabbed my shoulders and pulled me on top of her. "Let me have a taste." She stuck out her tongue. 

My tongue licked hers before I sucked into my mouth and let our lips touch. "You are so hot," I said. I kissed her again and let my fingers find their way back to her pussy. I pushed hard inside her and she moaned as she pulled her mouth away from mine. I kissed her neck and slowly pumped my fingers inside her pussy. With each thrust of my fingers, I matched my pelvis to the rhythm as if my strap on was inside of her. 

I could feel her breathing faster and moaning with each thrust. I started working her pussy faster and slipped in a third finger. Her pussy seemed to produce more slippery fluids with every second. The juices allowed my fingers to slide in and out of her pussy with little resistance even though my three fingers completely filled her. 

I kissed down her chest and sucked her nipple. My hips thrusts slowed as I sucked. I sucked and pulled her breast by her engorged nipple as her chest heaved. She groaned as I bit down on her round nipple 

I slowed down more so I could watch her face. She squeezed her eyes shut and only closed her mouth occasionally to nibbled her bottom lip. I gave short, hard thrusts and watched her body bounce up as I pushed in her. Her tits bounced around and her nipples remained hard. 

I bent closer to her so that my tits dragged across her body. I nibbled her ear lobe and whispered, "Ready to cum?" 

I felt her nails dig into my back and her legs clench tightly around me. "Rub your clit for me baby," I said. I gradually sped up working my fingers in and of her pussy. I saw her fingers feverishly rubbing her stiff clit. I found myself moaning and matching her heavy breathing. My heart pounded as if I was running a marathon, but I could not stop. She felt so tight around my fingers. 

I stopped thrusting my hips and moved back away from her. I took one hand and firmly grabbed her breast putting my weight on her. With my other hand, I fucked her pussy as fast and hard possible. She arched her back and I could see veins popping out of her neck. I curved my fingers up inside her hoping to hit her g-spot. 

Suddenly she went silent. I could not even hear her breathing. I slowed down slightly but did not stop. I gently caressed my fingertips over her nipples and felt her body shudder and her hips started convulsing. I pulled my fingers out of her and she let out a loud groan. 

"Come here." She pulled put her arms around my back and pulled me on top of her where I collapsed. I heard complete silence save for our panting. I felt her chest rise and fall and heard her heart racing as fast as mine. 

"Are you going to cum?" she whispered so I could barely here. 

I turned my head and kissed her cheek. "I am fine," I said. 

I stood up completely naked and looked down at her lying on my sofa. I looked down at her damp, glowing skin. She looked calm and radiant. I suddenly felt the impact of the length of time it had been since I last had sex. I felt gratified even though I did not cum. 

"I guess you want me to go now?" she asked. 

I reached down, grabbed her hands, and pulled her to a standing position. I unbuttoned her skirt and let it fall to the floor. I could see more of her amazing body when I stood her. Nothing sagged and I saw a perfect little space between her thighs even though her feet were side by side. "Put your arms around my neck."

I bent slightly, grabbed her below the ass, and lifted her off the floor. She wrapped her legs around my waist and I easily carried her to my bed. She stayed attached to me as I crawled on the bed and laid her on her back. I crawled off her and lay next to her. She turned to her side as I pulled her close to me and wrapped my arm around her body. 

Chapter 3

"Did you enjoy last night?" Kelly said as she rolled over on top of me.

I kissed her. "Of course I did," I said. "I am horny again thinking about it. I am going to enjoy this while I am in the shower." 

"Maybe I can help with that," she said.

"That is not a good idea. I have to be quick so I can leave soon. You are welcomed to stay while I am in the shower but I need to leave in about 45 minutes."

"Oh," she said and rolled off me and sat with her back towards me. "I will get dressed and leave. I should be gone by the time you are out of the shower."

"I don't mean to disappoint you," I said, and kissed her between her shoulder blades. I had a good time. I'll put my number in your phone and you can call me anytime. I really did enjoy last night."

"Me too," she said and turned around and kissed my lips. I am definitely going to call you."

I gave her my home number and not my cell. I only gave that number to bill collectors and people I wanted to avoid. I never answered it and only checked my messages monthly. I thought that morning would be the end of Kelly. 

Work went well for me that day. It always seemed as if my days went better when I had sex the night before. I felt calm and relaxed. The effect felt similar to that of a massage. After lunch, I went to one of the last appointments for the day. The office usually kept Fridays light so we could leave early. 

I walked into the exam room looking down at my clipboard. "Hello, my name is Lilly Kobald. You are here for an annual checkup?"

"I'm Michelle Galen and I never thought I would run into you here."

I looked up from the clipboard and saw the bartender from the previous night. I felt my stomach drop, but I tried to keep my composure. 

"I didn't expect to see you here either. I didn't get your name the other night so I didn't recognize your name when I saw it on the form. It is nice to see you again," I said. 

"I wouldn't have guessed you were a veterinarian. I took you for a bum, perhaps," she said smiling.

"Actually I am not a veterinarian yet. I am only an intern while I am going through vet school."

"A vet student. That is impressive. You didn't stick around long last night. When I came back to talk to you, you had already left. Did you give up?"

I laughed. "No I did not give up. Although, talking to you didn't help my confidence. I actually met someone and we left quickly."

"I didn't take you for that type of girl."

"What type is that?" I asked. 

"It doesn't matter. Well, here is my dog. I guess he needs his regular checkup and shots. I received a card from you guys in the mail and thought I should bring him in." 

"Great," I said. I lowered the exam table so that her chocolate lab would be at the right height. "You have a very cute lab. Looks like he is a little over a year old, right?"

"That's right," she said. 

I took my hands and ran them down the dog's back, underneath his body, and felt his legs. "He feels good," I said. I took my stethoscope off and started listening to the dog's heart."

"I thought maybe we hit it off last night," she said.

I looked up at her and back down at the dog as I tried to listen to the heartbeat. 

"I guess you didn't think the same," she said. 

"I didn't know what to think," I said putting down the stethoscope. "I realized an attraction to you, but I never would have guessed you were attracted to me." 

"That is probably my fault. I did give you a hard time but I thought you might take it as flirting." 

"I definitely didn't take it that way, but I would be ok with a do-over if you are. We could go out tonight if you are free." 

"I would like that a lot. This time I think we will be on equal footing so it might go better. I sensed your nervous the last night, but I thought it was cute." 

I smiled and looked down at my feet. "I will keep that in mind tonight. Your address is on the form. As long as you don't think this is freaky, I will take it, put it in my GPS, and pick you up around seven tonight. Is that ok?"

"That is a little freaky, but that sounds great." 

"Ok, I will get the real vet for you and I will see you later tonight," I said smiling and awkwardly backing out of the room. I felt surprised Michelle had noticed me. I thought that I washed in the haze of all the faces she saw in one night at the bar. I definitely noticed her. 

I left the office around two that afternoon, which left time for me to decide carefully what to wear and where to take her. I also needed time to settle my nerves so that I didn't blow it before the night even started. She was the type of woman I would run into on a regular basis, let alone her turn out to be a gay woman. 

When I arrived at my condominium, I went straight to my closet. My unmade bed reminded me of the hot girl from the previous night. I had a full closet, but it seemed empty because there were so many items unworthy of a date with Michelle. I pulled out a white button down shirt and held it up to me. As I turned to look at myself in my full-length mirror, I saw someone standing in my doorway. 

I gasped and dropped the shirt on the floor. "What are you doing here?" I asked. 

"I had such a good time last night and I didn't think things ended well this morning. I wanted to be here when you came home," she said. 

"Where were you when I left? I didn't see you."

"I stayed in your other bathroom. I heard you leave as I washed my face. I started to leave but changed my mind."

"I wish you would have asked me. I actually have plans tonight that I need to get ready for so maybe it is time for you to go and you can call me later."

She walked towards me wearing her thong and shirt from the previous night. I noticed her long legs and thought about how tightly she had them wrapped around me. "Can I keep you company until you have to leave?" She stood close enough for me to feel her breasts pushed against me. 

"I did have a good time with you, but I am not going to be here long and I need to shower and all of that good stuff, so maybe some other time," I said with my hands resting on her hips. 

"You are very stubborn aren't you? I should probably take a hint." She walked towards the bed and picked up her skirt. With her back towards me, she bent over and slipped her feet inside her skirt. I could see her ass in full view with the white strip of cloth in her crack. My eyes went lower and I remembered her wet pussy from the previous night.
