 I remember the first girl I had really deep feelings for, my first awakening of true lesbian desire. I had fooled around sexually with several other girls, but Molly was my first sweet lesbian crush. 

I had seen her many times around the halls of our high school. 

I used to daydream about her, but I did not know her. She was in a different section of the senior class than I, and we had no mutual school activities. That didn't stop me from dreaming, though. Her name was Molly, I had heard some of the other kids calling her that, and that was all I knew. 

Molly was about an inch taller than me at 5'8", about 120 pounds, she had just a perfect figure, perfect straight honey blonde hair, warm light brown eyes, a perfect complexion, and, I would find out, one of the nicest personalities of anyone I had ever known. 

As luck would have it, I ran into her late one Saturday morning while shopping at the neighborhood mall. There she was, working the fragrance counter in her part-time job at Macy's. With no other customers about at the moment, she was eminently approachable. 

She was involved in some paperwork, looking down and not aware of me as I walked towards her. She instinctively looked up at me as I approached. I smiled and she smiled back. 

"Hi," I said simply. 

"Hi, you're...." she began. 

"I'm Juliet. We're both at Commerce High. I think you're in section 3, I'm section 5."

"Oh, yes, that's right. I knew you looked familiar. I'm Molly." 

We touched hands. I was beaming. I had been dreaming about her constantly for weeks, and here I was, with the perfect no-pressure excuse to meet and talk to her. I was so excited. 

"So what are you looking for, Juliet?" she asked, immediately putting me at ease, because I had just run out of things to say. 

"Something for daytime wear, not too obvious. Just something casual." 

"Hmmm...." she said, going into her selection process. "I have a few ideas for you. We just got these in..." 

And with that we were off, trying different fragrances, girl talking all the time. By the time I settled on something I absolutely loved, which also happened to be one of Molly's favorites, Gucci Rush, we were talking with each other like old friends. 

I didn't realize how expensive that fragrance was, and at $40 an ounce, it was a little rich for my blood. But Molly just endeared herself to me forever when she ducked under the counter for a moment and withdrew a handful of tiny .2 ounce vial samples of Rush which she placed into a little paper bag and handed to me. 

"Here, this is a painless way to find out if you really like it without putting a month's fragrance allowance into it." She smiled. "Take them!" 

I was thrilled, not only because of the gift, but because of her kindness, and the fact that it was my main crush giving it to me. I couldn't believe how warm and sweet and genuine she was. I had always been afraid to approach her, but I was completely over that now. Wow, my attraction for Molly had just jumped about 1,000%. 

"That is soooo nice of you!" I was gushing. 

She smiled at me a wide smile and gushed back. "You're welcome, Juliet. My pleasure." She put her hand on mine in a friendly gesture.

"Jools. You can call me Jools. All my friends do."

Her eyes narrowed in pleasure as the rest of her face smiled brightly. "Okay, Jools." 

As our eyes met something clicked. I could feel it powerfully. 

"So, uh, thanks, Molly, you are so sweet to do that for me. Wow, I'm so glad I ran into you. Not because of this, I mean, because I had seen you about at school and wanted to say hello before, but, you know..." 

She nodded. "Yes, I know."

I did not want to leave! I wanted to stay with her. I had to say something.

"Let me do something for you. Please." 

She was just looking at me, waiting and smiling.

"Suppose we have lunch together, my treat. Did you have your lunch break yet?"

"No, but I'm due for lunch..." she looked at her watch, "...in about fifteen minutes. That sounds great, Jools. Thanks very much. We can get to know each other. I'm glad we met, too. Can you wait?"

Could I wait? Nothing could drag me away from an opportunity to be with her more. "Of course, I'll hang out by the cosmetics until then. Meet you in 15?"

She agreed.

I was on cloud nine. I couldn't believe my luck. 

We went to a nearby coffee shop in the mall and she let me buy as promised. 

Then she said something which blew my mind. I was sure I must be dreaming. 

Our waitress, about 25, very friendly, began an exchange with Molly, who apparently already knew her from working in the mall and coming here frequently for meals. They really grinned back and forth. Good friends, I thought. 

Then as she walked away with our order, Molly remarked, "She's so cute." I thought, could it be? Did she mean that or was she just being friendly? Molly looked at me for my reaction.

I said, "Yes, she is," trying not to give away too much of my basic attraction for other girls. I was trying to be matter of fact, because I couldn't know what Molly really meant with that remark.

"No, I mean, don't you think she's really cute?" Molly came back.

"Uh, oh, do I think she's attractive?"

"Yeah. Like you'd like to get with her."

My eyes must have looked as wide as the saucers our sandwiches were sitting in. I couldn't believe what I was hearing! Molly was bi? Molly was gay? This was too good to believe.

"Molly, are you really asking me that, or are you kidding?"

"No, I meant it! Don't you think she's really cute?" She emphasized the 'really' to make her meaning crystal clear this time.

My mind and heart were racing. I searched her eyes. She was being completely straightforward with me. I went for it.

"Yes, I think she's hot."

Molly laughed at my use of the adjective 'hot'.

I laughed back.

"You know something, Jools, I think you're hot."

I wasn't at all sure I heard what I heard. I just looked at her. She was smiling, a warm, welcoming smile. She placed her hand on my knee under the table. 

I placed my hand on top of her hand there.

I smiled.

"Didn't you know that I like being with other girls?"

The moment she said that my heart started to beat like some kind of high speed machine, so much so that my mouth immediately began to dry, and I took a long, slow sip of the iced water from the glass in front of me. I sucked a piece of ice into my mouth and ran it over my tongue. That felt great.

Molly was looking at me intently. As if to mirror my feelings, she did the same with her water.

She was looking at me like the kitten who has just trapped a little mouse and is toying with it.

"Um, no... I didn't know, but then, who doesn't?" I laughed. "It's so... mmmm.... so!"

She smiled. "Yes, I know what you mean. Isn't it, though?"

Now my mind was also racing, and I was thinking about her pussy and her breasts and that sweet mouth and the soft warmth of her perfect young body trembling and writhing under my touch. In my imagination, I could hear her little moans of ecstasy as I greedily lapped her honey, as I kissed her there and told her how beautiful she was, my hands worshipping her flesh, my love covering her, embracing her. 

It was so powerful an image, and with my heart beating right in my throat, it almost made me faint. I was just looking at her, thinking of her lying naked, legs spread, in my bed, while I went all over her with my nasty lustful passion, as I had with so many other girls in the last months and year. Discovering the easy and potent pleasures of being with other women sexually was the primary experience of my life to that point. 

"How did you know about me?" I asked.

"Well, I just had a feeling. I don't know why, can't you just always tell?"

"I guess so, well maybe, not always, but I guess you can, yeah..." I whispered. "I think you're hot, too. I think you're the hottest girl in school and in the mall and the hottest I've ever met and definitely the hottest who has ever put her hand on my knee." 

She laughed. "So what are we going to do about it, Jools?" she teased. 

I could feel the adrenalin starting to pump into my system. I could feel myself getting very wet down there from arousal, and my thoughts getting jumbled from excitement. I took another long gulp of water. "Well, you know, Molly, my mother is away with dad on a business trip for the weekend, mixing business with pleasure, so I'll have the house all to myself tonight. Maybe after you get off you could come back to my house and get off again." My words hung in the air. I still wasn't entirely sure she was serious, but I was about to find out. 

She looked at me, thinking, taking it all in, then a big smile broke out, lighting up her face. 

"You know, that sounds like a yummy idea, Jools. Should I bring my toothbrush?"

I was getting so hot from this sexy talk with her. "Oh, yes, bring your toothbrush, and your hairbrush, and a change of panties, sweet Molly, because I'm going to keep you very, very busy, gorgeous girl." 

Her eyes lit up as thoughts of lust now seized her. I put my hand on her leg and moved it slowly up toward the crack between her legs. I played my fingers across her sensitive parts for just a few seconds. 

"Mmmm, I can't wait, little Jools. I'm working till 5. Can you meet me outside the employees' entrance about 5:15? Then you can show me where you live." 

"I'll be there, sweetie, you can count on it." From where our booth in the coffee shop was located, in the corner, no one else could see us but I had a clear view of the rest of the restaurant over the top of the booth behind Molly. I brushed my hand gently on her face. She looked at me with desire. I ran my fingertip tantalizingly over her lips. Touching her flesh gave me chills of excitement. She put her hand up and touched my face the same way.

The time between that moment and sometime later when I finally had her back in my parents' house was an anxious blur. 

I was like a child unwrapping her Christmas presents as I playfully stripped Molly of her clothes. I had such fun making a show of it, pulling off her blouse, her skirt, her bra, her panties, giggling, teasing, and tickling. Then I slowly parted her legs and there was her moist, tender, inflamed, quivering pussy, already thick with her natural honey. We didn't need much foreplay, we had both been steaming with anticipation just thinking about this moment since we'd made plans over lunch. 

Molly spread her legs wide and I lowered my face to her sex. I absolutely adore eating pussy, and even more pleasing my partner. I looked up at her with a big smile on my face, and she had an expression of pure delight and pleasure on her face, watching me as I began to devour her. I licked all around her puss, sucking her young lips into my mouth, slowly nibbling on them, running my tongue all around them, lapping up her juices, making erotic slurping and sucking noises as I did. Hearing the sounds of sex adds a lot to my arousal. 

She thrust her head back in ecstasy and moaned as I stuck my tongue deep inside her, moving up to her tiny erect clit, taking it in my mouth. I pressed my face upon her, sucking her into my mouth, my cheeks hollowing from the suction of my mouth on her most sensitive place. I sucked her pussy like a baby suckles at her mother's breast. Molly was moaning, twisting her face back and forth. 

"Oh, god, Jools, you are the best! Oh god! I'm going to come! Oh, god! Just like that, don't stop! Oooooooo, you are incredible! Ohhhh!" 

I kept up just as I was, my mouth on her clit, my tongue rubbing and flitting against it. I pushed my tongue against the folds of flesh at the top of her slit, taking them in my mouth, twisting them to and fro as I sucked upon them. Molly was going wild with pleasure. She was holding my head in her hands. 

"Oh, Jools, oh Jools, oh god, Jools, oh my god!!! You really know how to please a woman!!!" She was screaming now, almost crying. 

I backed my mouth off and ran my tongue up and down and across her pussy fast and hard. She spread her legs even wider. I wet my fingers in my mouth and rubbed them across her clit, back and forth, in circles. Her clit extended a little further. I took it in my mouth and licked and sucked on it again. Her breathing was getting deeper and fuller, her moans more guttural and animalistic. Her pussy lips were incredibly hot and swollen. 

"You love this, don't you Molly?" 

"Yes!" 

"You love having your pussy eaten by another girl, don't you?" 

"Oh, yes! Yes!" 

"You love having another girl's tongue pressing up against your clit, don't you?" 

"Oooooooo! Oh, god! Oh god! Unnnnnhhhh!" 

"You are so hot, Molly, so hot, that you are going to explode. You are going to come for me, aren't you, you wicked girl? You love lesbian sex, don't you? You are a dirty little bitch, aren't you? You love pussy, don't you?" 

She was delirious with lust now. I wanted to keep her right there and take her over the top to the best orgasm of her life. 

I placed my mouth on her pussy again, and moved it around in circles as my tongue jabbed into her flesh. She was looking down at me now with an expression of pure bliss on her face, breathing hard through her mouth, her tongue running across her mouth, keeping her lips moist. Her hands held the ankles of her upspread legs, her head thrust all the way back, as she moaned deeply. 

I increased the speed of my tongue licking her pussy, alternating licking with sucking her into my mouth. I kissed up and down her pussy lips, making loud smacking sounds. I said, "You have such a gorgeous pussy. I love your pussy, Molly. Such a sweet, gorgeous, delicious pussy!"

She moaned. 

I pushed one, two, three fingers into her steamy hot slit. Then I had four fingers inside of her. She was sopping wet. I pressed my thumb on her clit and moved it in little circles there as I moved my fingers vertically in and out of her scalding, dripping pussy. I removed my hand and made a show of licking her nectar off each finger. She looked down at me, eyes glazed in abandon, with sheer gratitude and affection. 

"Molly, I want you to come for Jools. I want you to come for me, now. You want to come for me, don't you, beautiful Molly? You want to just die from pleasure, don't you? You want to show me how good I make you feel, don't you Molly? Sweetheart?" 

"Oh god, YES! YES! I want to, I want to!!!" She was absolutely frantic with lust. "Make me come, sweet Jools! Make me come, my sweet little slut! Make Molly come! Oh, god, I can't believe this! You are so......" and just then she took a deep breath, arched her back, and began to scream, " I am commminnnnggggggg! I am comingggggg! Oh, GOD! I am commminnngggg!!!" 

Her words became a long high pitched squeal. Then came the searing heat from the depths of her pussy, and the contractions seizing her legs and body, shaking her like a little rag doll. She screamed and she cried out, thrusting herself against my hand and mouth hard, as her pussy pulsed rapidly, grabbing my hand as she finally came, squirting gobs of come all over my hand and into my mouth. I just kept rhythmically sucking on her there, drinking down her juices, holding her clit safely inside my warm wet mouth. 

She was holding my head gently, making low sounds of satisfaction and pleasure. Her head was back, her eyes were closed, her mouth open, her tongue licking her lips. After a few minutes, she relaxed and bent her legs at the knees, taking deep breaths, luxuriating in the afterglow of her massive orgasm. 

"So good, Jools, you are so good, ohmigod, thank you, thank you, you are so good, ooohhh, ooohhhh...." 

There is no pleasure like the pleasure women can give to each other. It is the Ultimate Sex. 

I kissed up and down her pussy tenderly a few times, then I moved up her body and her luscious breasts and nipples, to kiss her slowly, warmly, softly, adoringly. She opened her mouth and pressed her tongue on mine, tasting her own honey on it. We kissed deeply for several minutes, lying in a trance, nuzzling each other's bodies and faces. 

After awhile, she calmed down and said, "Jools, I want to do you, gorgeous girlfriend. I want to do you like you've never been done, oh, god, you were the best I ever had, and now I want to be your best. Mmmmmm...." 

Then she kissed me deeply again, her kisses tracing down my face and my throat and my breasts, nibbling at my nipples as my own arousal began to overtake me and I felt the hot wetness pouring into the chalice of my sex, preparing to greet her mouth and her tongue and her hands, down there, down there, the center of my pleasure, my reason for living, for being alive. 

Then she made love to me as I had made love to her. It was my turn to lie back, surrender my mind and body to her, and luxuriate in the incredible ecstasies and satisfaction of pure, unrestrained lesbian love and lust. I felt sorry for all the girls and women who would never allow themselves to experience this pleasure. That is the greatest sin, to miss the pleasure which nature has provided for us, the incredible pleasure we can share, sisters of Sappho, what can make our lives heaven on earth, the warm willing kiss and tight embrace of your girlfriend, of your lover, in your soft, warm bed, all night, your hot flesh pressing on hers, the pleasure, oh, the pleasure to be found is a miracle... 

Oh, god. Molly was also the best. As I watched her she did my pussy with her mouth and her hands and she did me over and over again and then I did her, over and over again. And we kissed and held each other and whispered to each other and lay there through the night and into the pale blue morning light, in the hands of our love, our lesbian love, our wicked, unquenchable lesbian love.