 This is the continuation of the story of Teri, Traci, and Tony begun in, First Night. Their parents left on a second honeymoon cruise, leaving the three alone at home. The story picks up with the evening of the third day. Jenny, Teri, and Sue have just finished dinner.

"That's the way I like to do dishes," said Teri as she dropped the containers in the trash. "Disposable plates, disposable knives and forks, we're going to be known as the disposable generation." On the way over, Jenny had picked up three large chef salads with bread sticks at the Italian restaurant in the mall.

"You're right," replied Jenny, "there are disposable diapers, bottles..."

"Disposable husbands," chimed in Sue.

All three laughed, and Jenny asked, "Will it be awkward for you at the university with your husband....I mean ex-husband still there?"

"No. He's leaving, thank God," replied Sue. "He's taking a department head job at a college in San Francisco. I didn't even know about it until I had served him with the divorce papers. I don't know when he planned on telling me - maybe after he had left."

Teri watched Sue limp to the sink. "You're walking a lot better, Sue. You aren't using the crutch either."

"I know, soaking in the bath seems to really help my knee, makes it more flexible."

"Rather than sit around here and chat, why don't we do it in the hot tub," said Jenny.

"Sounds okay to me," said Teri. "You want to soak it some more, for about an hour, Sue?"

"I didn't bring a swim suit or anything like that with me," replied Sue.

Teri laughed, "It's just us girls, tonight the house rule will be 'no clothes' in the hot tub. Okay?"

Sue laughed, "Why not...okay."

"Jenny, if you'll help her get undressed and in the tub, I'll get us a plate of cheese and crackers, and another bottle of wine."

Sue and Jenny were already in the tub when Teri brought the snacks and wine out, and had just started to undress when the phone rang. It was Tony. They had stopped to eat at a burger joint, and when they were ready to go, found that Ron had locked the keys in the car. Teri told Jenny and Sue what the problem was.

"There's an extra key on my key chain, I'll run it up to them," said Jenny.

"You're already in the tub and I'm still dressed. Let me have the key and I'll do it," said Teri. "It'll only take me about 25-30 minutes or so. It'll give you two a chance to get better acquainted."

After Teri left, they chatted for a few minutes, and Jenny noticed that Sue kept squirming around like she couldn't get comfortable. "Is something wrong, Sue? Is your leg hurting you?"

"I'm sorry, Jenny. You'll just have to excuse me," said Sue, blushing furiously. "But the itching is driving me nuts, and I can't put these casts under the water to scratch it."

"What itching?" asked Jenny as she watched Sue stand up and sit on the side of the tub and begin to dry her crotch. "Oh, you mean your bush. You must trim it."

Sue still blushing, chuckled, "Yes, I do, and when it starts growing out, it itches like crazy. When I was in the hospital I tried to do it myself and cut myself twice. A nurse got a young nursing aide to do it for me....I don't know who was embarrassed more, me or her, but I haven't been able to shave it since then."

"I know what you mean, but the only thing that will get rid of the itch is either to shave or wait for it to grow out." Jenny touched Sue on the thigh as she glided through the water over to where Sue was sitting. "It's nothing to be embarrassed about, I trim mine and I can do it for you."

"Oh no Jenny, I couldn't...."

"Nonsense, it's no big deal. Let me get Teri's razor and soap and we'll do it right here."

Jenny was back in a moment but before getting back in the tub she put a cushion on the floor behind Sue. The top of the hot tub was almost level with the built up floor around it. "You can lie back on this and won't have to lean back on your arms," said Jenny. "I put a new razor in just to be sure we had a fresh one."

As Jenny got back in the tub, Sue started blushing again. "Really Jenny, you don't have to do this. It's aggravating, but I can live with it."

Jenny patted Sue's thigh. "I know that, but I also know how bad that itching can be. Quit blushing so much and lie back," said Jenny, chuckling softly. "It'll only take a few minutes."

Sue lay back and felt Jenny spread her legs and then wet her pubic hair. When Jenny started rubbing the shaving lather onto Sue's mons, her body jerked.

"Sorry, the lather must feel a little cold to you," said Jenny as she lathered up Sue's mons and down between her thighs beside her pussy lips. As Jenny spread the lather between Sue's pussy lips and her thighs, she let her fingers gently stroke Sue's large wrinkled labia. The wrinkled, puckered lips reminded Jenny of the mouth of a large deflated balloon.

"Jesus, Sue - you've got the largest pussy lips I've ever seen." Jenny realized what she had said and started blushing. "I mean...I haven't seen any....they're much bigger and longer than mine."

Sue laughed, "I know. It looks like I have something hanging out of me sometimes, especially when I'm excited."

"Oh, I didn't mean anything by that. It's just that they look, I don't know, sort of sexy. Mine don't stick out nearly as much."

Sue could feel her pussy responding to Jenny's touch, getting wet, her pussy lips swelling with blood. She tried to ignore it, but all she could think of was; 'This was the girl that Teri had made love to.' The more she tried to block it out, the more sensitive her body became to Jenny's touch.

As Jenny shaved carefully around the Sue's bush, she was thinking of what Teri had told her. "The only other girl she had made love to was an older girl." Jenny looked up Sue's body at her face. Sue had her eyes closed. "It was Sue, Teri and Sue," thought Jenny. Sue had talked about sharing a room with Teri on the summer breaks from college. Jenny looked at Sue's pussy only inches from her face and she could see the pussy lips glistening in the light, looking so inviting.

As she thought about Sue and Teri, imagined Teri's tongue and mouth on those large pussy lips, Jenny could feel her own cunt beginning to respond to her thoughts. Even in the warm water of the hot tub, she felt the familiar tingling in her pussy and the wetness permeating her pussy. "Dammit, if I'm not careful I'll cut her," thought Jenny, struggling to keep her hands steady, the heavy musky fragrance of Sue's pussy arousing her even more.

Jenny had finished on the lower stomach and now began to carefully shave between Sue's thighs and her pussy lips. Jenny used her fingers to pull the large pussy lips to one side so she could shave the area more safely. As she pulled them to one side with tips of her fingers, she deliberately let her thumb slip between the thick lips and into Sue's pussy. She could feel the moistness on the pussy lips, feel them growing even more moist as she gently move her fingers about holding the lips away from the razor.

"How....How is it going," asked Sue in a husky, strained voice.

"Almost....nearly done. I've got to do...shave the other side," Jenny replied in a choked voice.

Jenny carefully pulled Sue's pussy lips to the other side and shaved there. Her fingers were wet with Sue's pussy juices. She brought her hand up to her mouth and licked her finger, tasting Sue's pussy juice. Finished, Jenny splashed water on Sue's pussy, rinsing the lather off.

"Let me see if I missed anything," said Jenny in a low husky voice. Jenny pulled Sue's pussy lips to one side, then the other, letting her fingers gently massage the wet swollen lips of Sue's pussy. Jenny noticed Sue's clit engorged and sticking out from under its hood. Without any hesitation, Jenny moved her mouth to Sue's pussy, sucked the flesh into her mouth and began to tongue Sue's glistening clit vigorously.

Sue had felt herself becoming more and more aroused at the touch of Jenny's fingers on her pussy, until she wanted to yell out..."Stick them in me..stick them in my pussy." When she felt Jenny's mouth and tongue close on her clitoris, it was like an electric shock to her system, except instead of pulling away, she pushed her pussy against the invading tongue.

"Oh Jenny," moaned Sue. "Oh God, that feels so good."

With that encouragement, Jenny spread Sue's legs even wider and began to furiously tongue and suck Sue's pussy.

Sue moaned. "Jenny, get up here....I want you...I want to be able to hold you...make love to you," Sue murmured huskily.

Jenny quickly scrambled up onto the tub decking and stretched her wet, dripping body atop Sue, with her head between Sue's thighs and Sue's head between her own legs. Jenny almost cried out when she felt Sue's mouth on her pussy, thrusting her tongue deep between Jenny's pussy lips. When Sue's tongue found Jenny's clit, she did cry out.

"OH....OH MY GOD," cried Jenny. "OH Sue...Sue." Then she jammed her mouth against Sue's pussy muffling her cries. Jenny felt Sue begin to finger fuck her pussy as she continued to suck on Jenny's clit. Jenny copied the act and inserted one, then two fingers, into Sue's pussy and started finger fucking her as fast as she could.

Jenny felt Sue's fingertips with their cast grasp her buttocks and spread them apart. Jenny was startled when she felt Sue's tongue licking and probing at her asshole. Then, when she felt the tip of Sue's tongue pushing and penetrating partway into that tight orifice, she moaned softly. "Oh God, Sue. I didn't know....Oh God, that turns me on," murmured Jenny as her body responded to Sue's tongue rimming her asshole.

Jenny tried to reach Sue's asshole with her tongue, but with Sue lying flat on her back on the deck she couldn't do it. "Roll over....roll over on your side," Jenny said as she gripped Sue's buttocks and slid partly to one side, pulling Sue's lower body with her. Now with her head between Sue's thighs she could reach her goal, the puckered little rosebud that was Sue's asshole.

She copied Sue, and began to lick the little rosebud. Then, spreading Sue's ass cheeks, she began to try and thrust her tongue into Sue's ass, gradually penetrating the tight puckered lips. Jenny heard Sue moan softly as she thrust her tongue as deep as she could. It was getting easier. She could feel her tongue gliding between the puckered lips, being squeezed by the muscle protecting, controlling them. "My God," thought Jenny, "I'm actually sticking my tongue up her ass, and it feels good - it feels wonderful."

"Oh Sue...Sue," Jenny moaned, her face pressed between Sue's buttocks, as Sue tongued her way from Jenny's ass to her clit and assaulted the sensitive organ once more.

Jenny could hear and feel Sue moaning against her pussy as Sue tongued her clit and massaged it with her lips. Jenny let her tongue glide back to Sue's pussy and found that Sue's clit was even larger now, engorged with blood. Jenny sucked it and the surrounding tissue into her mouth, flicking her tongue over it as rapidly as she could. She could feel Sue's legs tremble, then Sue's thighs clutched her head, holding it in place as Sue's orgasm swept through her body.

Sue's orgasm triggered Jenny's, and she cried out, pressing her mouth against Sue's fragrant pussy, as her body trembled and then relaxed.

Jenny rolled away from Sue, turned and stretched out on her stomach beside her, draping one arm over Sue's breasts. "Oh Sue, I didn't mean to do that....it just seemed to happen," Jenny whispered weakly. "I had my tongue in your pussy before I even knew it was happening." Jenny chuckled, "God, you got me so turned on when you tongued my ass. I can't believe I did it too, really did it like that."

Sue turned to her so they facing one another and gently kissed her, running her tongue into Jenny's mouth, gently teasing her tongue. Pulling back, Sue smiled at her. "I'm glad you did. Your fingers were driving me wild while you were shaving me. I wanted you...you must have sensed that."

"You just looked so beautiful. I never realized a woman's pussy could look that beautiful...that enticing." Jenny gave her a quick kiss. "I'm glad I did it....glad you liked it. I've only made love with one other girl. I wasn't sure I was doing it right."

"You did fine," Sue said chuckling. "In fact, that was the best rimming my asshole has ever gotten. I'd give you at least an 'A' if not an 'A+' on that session."

Jenny laughed, "I wish all grades were that much fun to get."

Sue pulled Jenny to her and kissed her, deeply and passionately. They were lying there still embracing one another, kissing gently and talking when Teri came in.

"Well...well," Teri said, kneeling beside them. "When I said get better acquainted, I didn't know you'd take me so literally."

Jenny sat up and held up her hands, palms up, "It was kinda accidental, Teri. Really."

Laughing, Sue sat up also, "But, it was a nice accident."

Teri laughed and began to undress. "Well we can still soak in the tub, and you can tell me all about it."

They got back in the tub, sitting close together, with Sue between Jenny and Teri. Jenny explained what happened.

"I think what got me so turned on," Jenny explained, " is that I figured out that Sue was the other girl you had made love with. You said that it was an older girl. Sue mentioned sharing a room with you in the summers between school terms. I just put two and two together. Am I right? You aren't mad at us are you?"

"Of course not, silly." Sue chuckled, "And, you're right, it was Sue." Teri gave Sue a quick kiss. "With all that activity did you two have time to discuss us rooming together, or were you too distracted by other things?"

"Other things," Jenny said and laughed. Jenny then explained to Sue that she and Teri wanted to room together off campus, but had the problem of Teri being a freshman.

Sue interrupted. "I think I may have a solution for you. I just bought a house in Carlton, it's right next to the campus. My lawyer made them an offer for it Friday and they accepted it." She looked at the two girls. "It's a pretty large house. It has four bedrooms, the master bedroom downstairs and then three large bedrooms upstairs. It's much more than I need, but I needed a place to live and I bought this as an investment as much as anything."

Sue laughed, "With Phillip's money I can afford to have a maid come in a couple of times a week, and I can hire someone to keep up the yard. Why don't you two live me? Since I'm a relative that gets around the freshman problem."

"You wouldn't mind having us underfoot all the time?" Jenny asked.

Sue gave Jenny's shoulders a gentle hug, "No, I wouldn't mind. I think I'm going to be pretty lonely in that big place and the doctor said it'd be some time before my wrists will be completely healed and I have full use of my hands. Anyway, I was going to see if Teri wanted to live with me and help me out, but I think both of you would be even better. Later, if you two want to get an apartment on your own, you always can."

"I think that would be great if Jenny would like to do it...we can try it," said Teri.

"I'd love to," Jenny responded. "My Dad was going to give me an allowance of 450 dollars a month to cover my share of the rent and for food. So I can pay you some rent."

"You don't need to pay any rent. What you and Teri can do is put a hundred or a hundred and fifty dollars in the food budget each month to help cover the groceries. The rest you can put in a savings account for when you graduate, or your father can just save that much." Sue looked at the two girls, "That's the deal I was going to suggest to Teri's parents."

Jenny clapped her hands together happily, "That sounds great. I'm sure my folks will go for it."

"There is one thing, though," Sue turned serious, "it won't be quite like having your own apartment, I'm still a member of the faculty. You can't have any wild parties, or have any boys spending the night with you. No alcohol unless I serve it, and absolutely no drugs stronger than Midol or aspirin." Sue chuckled, "If there is someone you've got the hots for, you can have them over to the house, that's okay, they just can't spend the night with us."

The three talked for sometime, mainly about how all this, the sex, had come about. Sue heard about how Jenny had mistaken Tony for Ron, and Teri told Jenny about how she and Sue had become lovers. Finally though, they had to call it a night and get out of the hot tub and let Jenny get dressed.

"I wish I could stay," whispered Jenny as she kissed them goodnight.

"We'll have other nights - a lot of other nights." Sue hugged her and gave her a quick kiss. "Tomorrow night, Teri and I will come over to your place so I can meet your parents. I'm sure they'll want to meet me before agreeing to let you room with us."

"That's great. I'm sure they'll like the idea. They'll see you as a chaperon - someone to keep me out of trouble," said Jenny as all three laughed happily.

"I don't know about you," said Sue after Jenny had left, "but I'm tired. It's been a full day for me."

"Me too, that nap this afternoon helped, but I'm still a little bushed," Teri laughed. "You can sleep with me or have one of the other bedrooms."

Sue kissed Teri on the cheek and wrapped an arm around her shoulders, "I'd rather sleep with you. I've been by myself too much lately." She squeezed Teri's shoulder, "Now help me to bed. I'm going to sleep just like I am, naked."

Teri left the nightlight on in bath but pulled the door almost closed. Still naked, she slipped into the bed beside Sue and whispered, "Are you asleep yet?"

Sue chuckled. "No. The funny thing is, I'm tired but I'm not that sleepy."

"Good." Teri cuddled up to Sue, slipping one arm under her head and letting Sue roll over toward her so that they were facing one another, their naked bodies pressed together. Teri kissed Sue gently let her tongue just tease Sue's lips. Teri pulled back some and whispered, "Now, why don't you tell me how you and my parents got involved. Those were some pretty erotic pictures you guys made. As X-rated as anything I've seen on the Internet."

Sue laughed softly and gave Teri a quick kiss. "Okay. I'll probably never have any peace until I satisfy your curiosity." Sue moved to get more comfortable and put her arm around Teri as well. "Actually, it's a pretty funny story. Almost as good as Jenny's mistaken identity with Tony."

"It started that summer after I'd graduated from High School. If you remember, Mom was ill and Daddy sent me here to stay with your folks. I got here on a Wednesday and you, Tony, and Traci left for that two-week church camp on Saturday." Sue chuckled softly, "You probably didn't notice it back then, but I was a pretty naive eighteen year-old. My parents were awfully strict. I really hadn't been permitted to date except to go to church functions. It took a telephone call from your father to convince them to let me go to my senior prom, and even then, I had to be home by 11:30. In fact, it was your parents that convinced them to let me go to college. Your grandfather thought a woman's job centered around marriage, children, and the church."

"I didn't know that," said Teri. "I didn't know they were that strict."

"It's not that they were mean or anything like that. I just think they didn't know how to cope with a teenager at that time in their life. Mom had been in her early forties when I was born and Daddy was ten years older than Mom - they were just too set in their ways." Sue laughed ruefully, "Anyway, I wasn't unhappy, I was just totally inexperienced - as I said, naive. I think I had been kissed by a boy only twice, and one of those was the night of the prom, a good-night kiss." Sue gave Teri a gentle hug. "Don't worry, I'll get to the good part, but you need to understand that at that time I was a very different girl than one you knew when we made love the first time."
