 I was desperate for the money that was my only excuse for answering the ad in the newspaper. I felt like a fool approaching the seedy looking hotel, where the recording of the movie would be taking place. This was a stupid idea; I berated myself, even as I knocked hesitantly at the door of the room, as directed by the production office when I called. I had to fax them my headshots and clinical records, proving that I was descent looking and healthy. I was surprised that they were not concerned with my body, though I exercised regularly and ate right. The office manager just asked for my weight and body dimensions, stating that there was a role out there for everyone. She also asked me if I was bi or bi-curious, this startled me, and in fear of losing the role, I stuttered out a quick yes. Now I was rethinking answering that way. What if this was a lesbian movie? I should have asked more questions.

The door opened, revealing a broad shouldered man, with dark hair and intense blue eyes. His face was handsome, and a tight white t-shirt stretched over his muscular chest. My breath caught in my chest, and I felt a tremor start in my knees. Would I have sex with this man? He looked like "a slam you against the wall, and take what he wants," type of lover. Excitement tingled in my lower belly. His eyes drifted over me, from the top of my auburn hair that curled past my shoulders, lingering a moment on my high firm breasts, and down my longs legs swathed in an old pair of jeans, to my fresh pedicure revealed by open toed sandals. Unsmiling he nodded his approval, and stepped back allowing me entrance to the room. My heart thudded painfully in my chest as I stepped into the room.

The drapes were drawn and spotlights placed in every corner of the room, all centering on the low-lying king sized bed. I swallowed thickly, shuffling to the furthest corner of the room. Nervous jitters started in my stomach and I wondered if I would vomit. Sexy white t-shirt man followed me in and adjusted one of the cameras on tripods around the room. He smiled up at me then, revealing straight white teeth.  His blue eyes sparkled, and he abandoned the camera to wander to the wet bar near where I was standing.

"Would you like a drink?" He murmured his voice low and deep. The husky timbre of it rolled over my nerves like a balm and eased my discomfort somewhat. I nodded, numbly taking the glass of amber liquid he offered. I knocked it back without hesitation, gasping as the whiskey fire burned my throat and chest. Mr. Sexy laughed lowly, and took the glass promptly he poured me another. "My name is Alexander Vazquez, most call me Zander." He offered me his hand, and I hesitantly shook it, pleased to see that I only trembled slightly. 

"Holly Wilson," I answered shyly, sipping my second drink. 

"You're very beautiful Holly," Zander said appraising my body with his eyes. "I will enjoy working with you today, I believe."  I felt the blood rush to my cheeks, my pale skin flushed with crimson color. "Of course, I only play a small part in today's activities; this scene is more between you and Amber." I felt the color drain from my face as quickly as I had flushed. Zander threw his handsome head back and laughed, rich and full. "You've never been with another woman have you?" His glittering blue eyes met mine, and his smile dimmed slightly.

"No," I heard the whimper in my voice, "but I really need this job." Tipping the glass I swallowed the contents quickly, more to block his face from my view than any true desire to drink the potent brew. Draining the glass, I held it back to him, silently requesting another shot of courage. I could feel the effects of the alcohol, as it raced through my blood stream, easing the nervous tension of my muscles and making my body feel like butter. Confident now, I smiled warmly at Zander, as he handed me a refill. I drank the third drink as quickly as the first, this time handling the heat without flinching. I felt more than a little drunk, and very at ease.

"Are we ready?" I heard the velvety voice before I saw the vision of feminine perfection that walked through the door. My heart gave a small jolt. It must be Amber, a name fitting for the tall honey blonde woman. 

"I was assisting Holly here, with relaxing," Zander stepped forward and kissed Amber passionately on the lips. 

"You were getting her drunk you mean?" Amber cast Zander a disapproving glare, before softening her look and turning in my direction. She smiled warmly, her teeth as perfect and brilliantly white as his. 'Holly is it?" I nodded mutely, elbowing Zander, who had retaken his place at my side, and pushing my empty glass into his hand. Wordlessly he refilled it, and handed it back to me. "Your quite pretty," Amber gave her seal of approval as she walked in a tight circle around me. I drained the fourth glass, and swayed slightly on my feet. "She's done, Zander, no more drinks." Amber ordered, removing the glass from my weak grip. With a gentle smile, she grasped my hand in her warm palm and gently tugged me toward her. Staggering slightly, I gasped as Amber grasped my thick hair in her hands and pulled my face down to hers.

The kiss was gentle in the beginning, sweet and slow, her lips grazed against mine, the pressure light and undemanding. Amber's hands rested on my hips, her fingertips just barely caressing the skin beneath my shirt. My heart pounded in my chest, thumping painfully against my breastbone. Goose pimples erupted along my skin and a steady tingling sensation began in my lower belly. Amber deepened the kiss, her tongue darting between my lips. I gasped in shock, my mouth opening and offering her deeper access. The tingling grew into a steady thrum in my stomach, and I felt the damp heat of arousal between my thighs. Suddenly I was kissing her back, my tongue warring with Amber's, while our bodies pressed tightly together. Her lush breasts were against mine, I could feel the tight tips pressing against my aching nipples, and could not withhold the low moan that escaped my throat. 

"Girls, save it for the camera." Zander growled, elbowing his way between us. Amber laugh, a husky sound that sent a shiver down my spine. My head was spinning, I was not sure if it was due to the alcohol or just the excitement of kissing another woman for the first time. "You need to change, and get ready for the shoot." He ordered, leading me to the restroom, while Amber immediately began to unbutton her jeans. "There is lingerie hanging behind the door, please change and come out as soon as you are finished. We have a deadline." Zander closed the door, once I was in the bathroom. 

I stripped quickly, lest the erotic effects of Amber's kiss and the liquor wear off. I donned the skimpy outfit and turned to look in the mirror above the sink. My reflection stared back at me, someone I could barely recognize. My auburn hair fell to the middle of my back; the curls mussed by Amber's hands and tumbled over my shoulders. The lingerie left little to the imagination, and I truly appreciated the long hours I had spent in the gym. The negligee was a merely a film of white lace, cupping my curves and clinging to my breasts. My nipples tightened as the rough fabric grazed the tips, clearly visible strawberry peaks. It tied beneath my breasts, and opened over my flat toned stomach, falling just past the curve of my round rear. The panties barely covered my mound, the silky fabric clinging to the cleft with the dampness of my arousal. I turned, inspecting the round plump cheeks of my rear, approving of the way the strings of panties sat low and the thong line neatly buried between the soft mounds.

I opened the door slowly, stepping into the bright room with an alcohol induced sense of bravery. Amber let out a low whistle, and I smiled shyly. She wore a similar negligee and panties in black. I noted that her breasts were not as perky as my own B cups, but they were impressive in size, round and full. I could make out the dark brown nipples straining at the lacy fabric. She held out her hand to me and drew me toward the king sized bed. Zander was flitting between the cameras, checking the angles, and he smiled in my direction, I assume to reassure me.

Amber knelt on the bed, and I mimicked her pose. With a nod in Zander's direction, Amber leaned forward and kissed me gently. The honey taste of her lips was heavenly against mine. I felt the response of my body, the lust building in my belly and spreading lower. I moaned softly opening my lips to her and allowing entrance to her questing tongue. My head fell back, as she skimmed her lips along my jaw line, and nuzzled at my throat, nipping and licking. I could feel the wetness growing between my thighs, and my muscles clenched with excitement. Amber's hands slid up my arms and over my shoulders. Lightly she ran them over my breasts, cupping them in her palms, her thumbs caressing my nipples through the fabric. I moaned freely now, forgetting about the cameras and just enjoying the sensation of the rough fabric and gentle pressure. 

Breathing heavily, I watched as Amber's fingers deftly untied the negligee, sliding the flimsy material over my shoulders and bearing my high proud breasts. She caressed my belly with the tips of her fingers, drawing a moan from my throat as they barely brushed the underside of breasts. I felt as if I could not breathe when her lips covered one extended peak, drawing the nipple into the hot cavern of her mouth, sucking gently, then harder. Her fingers pulled and tweaked the other nipple; each sensation echoed with a response from my pussy. I could feel the wetness and heat building and I ached to touch myself. 

Instead, I reached out and tugged on the ties of Amber's negligee, it fell open easily, baring those full heavy breasts to my hungry gaze. I cradled them in my palms, enjoying the weight and softness of them. They filled my hand, generously overflowing. I massaged them gently, enjoying the soft purring that bubbled from Amber's throat, as she suckled at my nipples, the taut pink peaks jutting ripe and ready from my tight hard globes. My thumbs flicked her nipples lightly, the tawny skin tightening into hard pebbles. I dipped my head, my lips covering her right nipple, I could feel my pussy clench with excitement. I drew lazy circles around the tip with my tongue, while my other hand gently pinched and squeezed her left tit. I could smell her arousal, the musky hot aroma of her juices, just beginning to flow between her thighs. My excitement doubled, as I nipped the very tip of her nipple with my teeth. She moaned outwardly now, her head tilted back, long hair flowing around her shoulders and back. 

Seeing her aroused state, I felt bravado of which I was not aware I was capable. My lips met hers in a demanding kiss, as I pushed my breasts against her, using my weight to push her down to the bed. She whimpered slightly, when my thigh slid between her legs and pressed against her hot juncture. I could feel her wetness, and felt empowered by the fact that I excited her as much as she did me. I pressed rough kisses to her neck and chest, my fingers still fondling those delicious breasts with their honey nipples. I suckled each nipple in turn, licking and tickling the tip before sucking it hard into my mouth. Amber pressed herself to my mouth, her hands buried in my hair. 

I reached between us, my palm sliding over her stomach marveling at the velvety softness of her skin. Her stomach was flat with a bit of healthy roundness above the line of her panties. I found this extremely sexy, running my hands over the gentle swell, and stopping at the black lace of the panties. With my fingertips I traced the ridge of her lips through the fabric, amazed by how wet she was. I could smell her on my fingers, and slid one between my lips, to taste her. Amber shivered with excitement. I smiled, kneeling beside her; I traced the length of her thigh with my fingers, enjoying the soft texture of her, where my own body was hard powerful muscle. Amber fidgeted on the bed, her hips rising as I drew close to her desire, and falling as I drew away.  I enjoyed this game immensely, my fingers tracing the inside edge of her panties, never dipping below. 

"Please, touch me," Amber whimpered in her husky voice, the pleas making my pussy release another flood of juice. I covered her entire mound with my palm, fascinated by the plumpness of her sex. She was round and hot under my hand, grinding her pelvis against me seeking release. I squeezed lightly, then harder. She cried out, her hands cupping her large breasts, the nipples peeking between her fingers. I pulled away, my fingers catching the strings of her panties, and pulling them off; baring her sweet pussy to my hungry gaze. 

She was shaved, the lips pouty, a paler tawny than her nipples. Her legs spread, opening her fully to my inspection. Her clit was slightly engorged, the pink pearl rising between her plum lips. Never before had I wanted to touch another pussy, to taste another woman's sweetness, but my mouth watered now as her aroma reached me. I bowed between her legs, pressing kisses along her soft thighs, even as my fingers sought the prize before me. I ran my pointer finger down her slit, marveling at the slick beads of moisture that coated it. The lips spread slightly, as her excitement urged her clit from under its hood. Using my thumbs, I spread the lips and experienced the most exciting wave of arousal I had ever felt. Her pussy was beautiful, fat and shiny with juice, the exterior lips soft and honey colored. I moaned, watching in fascination as another trickle of moisture slid toward her ass. 

She nearly screamed as my tongue met her flesh. I reveled in the salty taste of her juice, running my tongue along her slit, and settling at her hard clit. I licked and flicked my tongue across it, drawing a moan from Amber. Her legs trembled and her hips rose of their own accord. My pussy ached with desire as my tongue moved quickly, working her little nub until her pelvis rocked against my face. My tongue found her hole; I pushed it inside drawing a flood of her sweet nectar. Amber cried out, grinding harder against my tongue. Smiling, I pulled away and slid a finger, then another into her dripping pussy. I could feel the tightening of her muscles around my fingers. I fucked her hard, slamming my fingers into her, while I licked her clit. 

Amber was screaming now, her pussy spasms increasing around my fingers. I sucked on her clit, the pressure hard, then light, and hard again, followed by a bought of licking and tickling. Her hips were arched, her thighs straining, hands buried in my hair. I felt like I was going to cum, just seeing her arousal and nearing climax. My pussy ached for a fucking, for a giant dick to fill me. My fingers found her G-spot, the soft fleshy place that made her scream, and writhe in pleasure. I tapped it lightly, applying pressure, and then tapping again, my tongue still dancing over her clit. Amber became still below me, her breathing ragged. 

Suddenly she screamed, a flood of pussy juice flowed over my hand and into my mouth. I could feel her cumming and I worked my tongue lightly over her clit, drawing her orgasm out until every drop of moisture poured from her. She collapsed beneath me, a quivering heap of female pleasure. I smiled, feeling quite proud of myself.

To be continued...