 I saw her walking casually in front of the dress shop across the street. Her blonde shoulder-length hair swaying gently in the breeze as she stopped and peered into the window of the shop for a moment. The hem of her yellow, summer skirt hung just above her knees, revealing her shapely bare legs. She turned for a moment and glanced at her watch. Then, looking around, she continued down the street in the direction of the park.

I followed her slowly, taking my time to glance at the shop windows. Then crossed the street and walked some 20 yards behind her. I noticed the way her ass swayed as she walked causing a burning in my nipples. This burning became more pronounced as I walked with my nipples rubbing against the fabric of my cotton blouse.

At the entrance to the park I came up behind her and followed her closely for a few minutes until we were well within the park grounds. Then, screwing up my courage, I moved up even with her. Pretending to have mistaken her for a friend I said, “Linda. How good to see you.”

She stopped short and looked at me quizzically. “Who are you looking for?” she said through a puzzled expression.

“Oh. I’m so sorry. I thought you were a friend. But you are so like her. The way you walk. Your hair. Everything. But, of course, now I can tell I’ve made a mistake.”

“No need to apologize” she said looking me up and down. “Were you to meet her here?”

“Yes, I was. By the entrance”, I said turning and pretending to look in that direction. “But she’s not here.” Then, smiling, I extended my hand. “Jenny! Glad to meet you…?”

“Kelly” she said smiling. 

I shook her hand warmly, feeling a bit of perspiration on her palm even though it was early in the day and not yet all that warm. I smiled at her and asked “Would you like to sit for a Latte?”

Kelly nodded and we walked a short way to a kiosk and I bought two Grande Lattes. Handing one to Kelly, I guided her to a park bench under an oak tree. We both sat sipping our coffee.

Turning to her, there on the bench, I could see her blue-green eyes sparkle. There was a shyness there that I had not expected. Then she lowered her eyes. I thought she was looking down at her coffee but it was clear her eyes had stopped at the bulge of my breasts under my thin blouse. The top three buttons were open providing a view of my cleavage. This is where her eyes seem to rest for the longest time.

I reached up and touched her shoulder. Her muscles tightened at my touch. Then I said, “Do you see those two cute guys over there”, nodding my head to a pair of men across the park. 

Kelly’s eyes glanced across the grass at the men. But quickly returned and settled on my exposed thigh. My hand still rested softly on her shoulder. My fingers teasing a bit of blonde hair. She took a quick glance at my hand and smiled then reached up and touched my cheek. I lean forward and gently touched my lips to hers. She drew back for just a second then returned my kiss more forcefully than I had given it.

My hand went to the back of her neck. Taking a handful of hair I pulled her head back gently and let my mouth trace the line of her jawbone then down her neck to the collar of her blouse. Then pulling away I took her hand and we walked back in the direction of the entrance.

               *******************************

A few blocks down the street we found a small Italian restaurant. It was one of those little hole in the wall places with three tables scattered about the room covered with red and white checkered tablecloths and an old wine bottle with a half burned candle stuffed into it. In the evenings this probably was an intimate little place with lights turned down and the flicker of the candle reflecting off lovers wine glasses as they stared across the tables at each other and spoke softly. But here it was late morning.

The restaurant staff was rushing about cleaning and preparing for whatever lunch crowd they would get. Coming from the back I could hear pots being moved about, clanking against the kitchen stove accompanied by voices speaking Italian. Someone shouting orders. Others voices were shouting just to be shouting, I think.

I guided Kelly to the last table near the rear wall. I looked around as I sat in the old straight back chair. The place was not really that bad. Our table sat near a door marked “Women”. On the walls were hung posters in Italian and frames with photos of long forgotten people who I assume had been of some past notoriety and had eaten here at sometime. As I saw the waiter come through the swinging kitchen doors, I moved my chair closer to Kelly and bent close to ask her if she would like a glass of wine. She answered with another of her smiles, the corners of her lips turning upwards and her eyes sparkling.

The wine was ordered and arrived but we hardly noticed. Kelly and I talked leisurely staring into each other’s eyes. Our faces were just inches apart. My hand resting on her thigh. Her hand resting on my arm.

I lifted my glass to her lips she drank. A bit of wine ran from the rim of the glass as it left her lips and ran down her chin. I moved quickly and caught it with my tongue, tasting not only the wine but Kelly as well. I drew back for just a moment then again our lips met. First tentatively then more passionately. My hand moved from her thigh to her breast. Even through her blouse I could feel her rock hard nipples. My own wetness was beginning to burn between my legs. Then I felt Kelly’s hand sliding under the hem of my skirt slowly searching for that special place.

Looking up I could see the waiter staring at us. Fortunately, we were obscured from his view by my back and the table. I smiled at Kelly and took her hand. “I need to powder my nose, Kelly”. I stood and turned to the door to the women’s toilet. Kelly followed me in. I shut the door and snapped the lock. Then Kelly was in my arms pressing herself against me kissing the exposed upper part of my breasts. I turned her around and pushed her back against the wall and dropped to my knees. Reaching under her skirt I pulled her panties down to her ankles. Then my face was buried in the sweet, golden curls surrounding her love mound. Kelly’s pussy was wet as my tongue probed her virgin slit.

Kelly grabbed my hair and threw her head back, eyes closed. Her breath coming in low moans. Then my tongue found the cute little bud of a clit and wrapped around it. I savored it as my tongue played with it, all he while more and more juices flowing from Kelly’s pussy. So much, in fact, it ran down her thighs. Then my fingers found her love hole and slid one into her easily followed by another and then a third. Kelly began to move her hips in unison with my fingers, the moans now a guttural rasp starting somewhere deep in her throat and pouring her very soul out though her mouth as she moved beyond this world into that place of oblivion called ecstasy. 

Then I sucked her clit into my mouth and bit down. Her hands tightened in my hair as she pulled my face hard into her pussy and screamed with orgasmic wave after wave coursing through her body. And finally collapsing in an exhausted heap on the floor by the sink.

I stood and bent to the sink cleaning my face and hands. Then took a comb to my hair and straightened my blouse. Then, looking down at Kelly I could see her smiling up at me. With a laugh I smiled back at her and pushed open the door leaving her sitting on the floor.

At the street I turned towards the river. Checking my watch I could see I had just enough time to walk the five blocks to meet Robert for lunch and maybe another adventure.