 "Great season, Tess." Brenda said. "You've been terrific swimmer and an even better leader."

"Thanks Coach." Tess blushed though tried to hide it. She had had a crush on her high school swimming coach, Brenda, since freshman year. Now as a senior, her feelings had only grown stronger. She looked at the older woman out of the corner of her eye. Even now, she looked hot in a simple school t-shirt and yoga pants. And Coach's blue eyes always reflected the warmth of her personality... sweet and passionate about coaching. It was those eyes that first caught Tess' heart.

Of course it didn't hurt that Coach was as tall as her own 5'10 height. At 32, she turned the heads of her students. Tess idly wondered if Coach Brenda knew the dirty jokes the high school boys made about her.

Brenda turned to face her student and their eyes locked. Hell, Tess wondered if Coach knew about her own fantasies. Butterflies began to flutter about in her stomach.

"Anything the matter Tess?"

"Could I talk with you?" She hesitated. Would she be too obvious? "In your office?"

"Of course, let's go." Brenda motioned to the far wall of the pool. As they walked, the older woman nudged her swimmer. "Going to turnabout with anyone?"

"No." Tess looked up and returned her mentor. Those butterflies were going crazy now. "I'm not seeing anyone."

They reached the office and Brenda motioned for her before hopping up to sit the desk. Tess hesitated before closing the door and then locked it.

"A serious talk Tess? Everything alright?"

Tess saw the concern in coach's eyes and her heart melted a little more. "Nothing bad coach." Her stomach was really going crazy now. Fear stabbed an icy dagger into her heart. Before the teen ager could lose her nerve, she stepped up to Coach Brenda.

And kissed her. 

Sitting on her desk, the coach was slightly lower than Tess. As the student pressed against the woman's legs, she had to lean forward. Then, as she tried to cup the older woman's face in her hands, the Coach pulled away.

"What was that?" Unable to move away, Brenda leaned back on her elbows. "What are you thinking Tess?"

"The swim season is over. I'll be graduating in a few months."

"In a few months! You are still a student and I am a teacher." She tried to move away, but the 18 year-old remained standing over her.

"You aren't my teacher and I am not your student." She looked down, struggling not to cry.. "And you are so beautiful."

"Tess, I'm not into women." Brenda sat up and lightly touched the teen's face. "I'm married."

Tess looked back. Her blue eyes, hot with emotion, met Brenda's worried blue eyes. 

"I realize that Brenda. I'm not looking to wreck your marriage." She reached up and grabbed the woman's hand in both of hers. "I just want to make you feel good. To thank you for being such an important part of my life. For supporting me when I came out." She kissed Brenda's fingers. "For being an amazing person."

Once again, she moved quickly to press her lips against Brenda's. It felt like hours passed but the other woman didn't respond. Tess sighed inwardly and was about to break it off when Brenda leaned back in!!

Tess was so shocked, she broke the kiss off. Opening her eyes, her crush of so many years was mere inches away staring back.

Brenda whispered. "I'm old..."

"You are not! You are hot!"

"I am really not into girls. I can't..."

"Coach... Brenda, I don't want you to do anything." Tess kissed her lightly on the lips. "I just want you to enjoy what I want to do to you." She kissed her again and at the same time stepped in between the woman's legs. 

She started to pull up Brenda's t-shirt when the woman stopped her.

"You won't like what you see."

Tess smiled. "Trust me. Trust me like I've trusted you."

Slowly the woman nodded and the teen pulled off the shirt and unhooked the bra. Brenda's breasts weren't large, but each felt so nice in Tess' hands. She felt the supple skin before leaning closer to kiss each of the perky nipples. Dark pink areolas like suspected. She closed her lips over one and swirled her tongue around it. It hardened under Tess' touch. She bit it lightly before moving on to the next one.

A gasp escaped from the older woman's lips and legs encircled Tess, bringing her closer. Looking up, she had never seen such naked lust on a person's face. Again they kissed. Tongues darting around, excitement vibrated through the young woman. Her fantasy was happening!!

Eager now, she broke the kiss to nibble on the woman's ear, her neck. She began to move down, when Brenda's hands grabbed her head and stopped her.

"Sorry, you must hate my stomach."

Tess pulled back a bit and looked at the stretch marks across Brenda's stomach. She smiled up at the older woman's worried gaze. Without breaking eye contact, she softly kissed the stomach. She softly kissed the belly button. She pulled down the woman's yoga pants and underwear in one motion. 

Excitement thrilled Tess as Brenda did nothing to stop it and even opened her legs wider. She knelt down between her legs and softly kissed Brenda's caesarean scar. She softly kissed down until pubic hair tickled her chin. 

Tess leaned back. "No, Coach. Your stomach is beautiful. Like you."

Taking a deep breath, she leaned forward, extending her tongue and traced up the labia until she reached the clit. Slowly she wagged her tongue back and forth.

"Ohhhhh..." The coach breathed softly. "It's been so long."

Tess clutched at the woman's thighs and penetrated with her tongue. The taste, tart and sublime, exactly as she had imagined. She took a few more deep licks before going back to the clit. 

Playfully, she flicked it a few times before pressing her tongue hard against it. She moved her hand up and slid a finger in easily. Coach was so wet! She rubbed along the top, feeling for the bump.

"Yes, like that!" Brenda put her feet up and the teen's shoulders. "Just like that!"

Tess worked her finger faster, kissing the inner thighs. She looked up and saw her coach's eyes closed, enveloped in the moment. She looked stunning!

Leaning forward Tess licked as she continued with her finger, relishing the taste again. The teen moved her tongue quickly back and forth. The coach dripping, getting even wetter with excitement.

Two hands clutched Tess' hair. Brenda's pussy convulsed around her finger! The hands pulled her tight keeping her tongue against the woman's pussy, but she needn't have bothered. Tess eagerly continued licking. Excitement causing pleasure to ripple her own body.

She had fantasized about this moment so many times!

Had she cum just from licking her crush? She tentatively reached down and slipped a finger under her skirt and panties. An electric shock of pleasure jolted her. 

Tess lost her balance and pitched forward against the older woman.

"Oh, I'm sorry Tess. I shouldn't have grabbed your head like that!"

Tess smiled. "That was hot Brenda, I lost my balance for... ummm... different reasons."

The 18 year-old leaned forward to kiss that beautiful pussy one more time. She kissed her way up her coach's body until they were eye level. She slowly leaned forward to kiss Brenda on the lips and the coach kissed back!

Their tongues danced and Tess shivered in pleasure.

Finally they broke apart.

"That was wonderful, Tess." Brenda stroked her hair. "But we can't do it ever again."

"Did I really do a good job?"

"Of course! I haven't orgasmed that quickly in a long time!" The coach asked. "But why are you so unsure of yourself?"

"That was my..." Tess blushed and stuttered out. "Th-th-that was the first time I have gone down on woman."

Brenda looked shocked. "But you've been out for over a year now!"

"Yes, but I've only made out with girlfriends. I wanted my first time to be special."

Tess leaned forward and softly kissed the coach again. "Thanks."