 My first year of college was full of many surprises, but none as surprising as my first taste of pussy. Let me start from the beginning.

I always had an interest in knowing what it would be like to have sex with a woman. I didn’t consider myself gay as I did date boys in high school. What piqued my interest in women was looking at the porno magazines and movies my parents had. I figured I would have a chance during my first year away from those prying eyes of mom and dad. During move in day at my dormitory, I surveyed all the girls who were moving in. A few caught my eye, but nothing that really turned me on. I went through the first semester and still had not slept with a woman. At that point, I figured it was not meant to be, so I forgot about it.

During my second semester, I decided to get a job for some extra spending money. I went to school in the morning and worked in the afternoon. While waiting at the bus stop, there was a woman named Rebecca, who was always there. After seeing each other at the bus stop all the time for a few weeks, we struck up a casual friendship. She worked four buildings down from me, so we always rode the bus together to work. She worked as a Help Desk Analyst and didn’t work the standard 9AM – 5PM working hours. She was of average height and weight. She was dark-skinned with short hair and very pretty.

While on the way to work, she mentioned that she wanted to see a new movie that was starting that day and asked if I wanted to go. Since it was Friday, I decided to go. She asked if I could meet her at the movie theater as she worked near the theater and didn’t want to come back home. I told her I would. 

Since I was off from work at 5PM, I decided to go home and shower and change clothes as I had four hours to kill. I started to think about Rebecca and wondered how she looked naked. As I took off my clothes, I closed my eyes and pretended that Rebecca was undressing me. I played with my nipples until they were rock hard. I lifted my breast and started to lick and suck on my nipple. By then, my pussy was soaking wet. I lay down on my bed and started playing with my pussy. I pretended that my finger was Rebecca’s tongue and traced it around my clit in circles. I stared off slow and gradually increased the speed until I was near orgasm. Once I felt myself start to come, I stuck my finger into my pussy and felt it grabbing my finger. As I came, I screamed out Rebecca’s name. I had to lie there for a few minutes to gain my composure. I often thought about Rebecca in a sexual way, but I knew she was not into woman.

After showering and dressing, I lay back down and took a short nap. I awoke about 7:30PM and got dressed and left to catch the subway to Union Station to meet Rebecca at the movie theatre. When I arrived, Rebecca was already there and with her was another woman, who she introduced to me as her co-worker Barbara. Barbara was also dark skinned, but was a little on the heavy side. She had long hair and light brown eyes. After the movie, we decided to get something to eat. We got back on the subway to go to Dupont Circle to see which restaurant we wanted to eat at.

Those of you who live in Washington, DC know how crowded the restaurants in Dupont Circle are on a Friday. After waiting about 30 minutes, we were finally seated. The conversation was light and easy going, nothing out of the usual, but what was said next almost made me choke. Rebecca said she wanted to know if I wanted to go home with her and Barbara for some naughty fun. I froze. After getting over my initial shock, I asked her what did they consider naughty fun, as if I didn’t know. I just wanted to hear it. They said I would have to go home with them in order to find out. I asked them if they were gay. Barbara said yes and Rebecca said she was bi. Knowing what was waiting for me shortly made me want to start masturbating right there at the table.

We finished dinner and left the restaurant. All the way home, I was going over and over in my mind what was going to happen. My dream of eating pussy and having a woman eat my pussy was finally going to come true. Even better, I could have two tongues eating me at the same time. It was late at night so there were very few people on the train. Barbara was sitting in front of use and Rebecca and I were seated together. Rebecca started to rub my leg. I could feel my pussy getting wet. I wanted to pull my pants down so she could eat me right there. She told me to unbutton my pants. I complied. My purse was already on my lap and she took hers and placed it between us so as to hide her arm. She placed her hand down my pants and started to rub my pussy. I was so hot that I could have screamed. Barbara turned around to watch. As the train pulled into a station, she pulled her hand out of my pants as there were some people getting on. 

After what seemed to be hours, we finally reached our stop. We walked to Rebecca’s house. Once we were in the house, Rebecca grabbed my hand and walked me to the couch. We sat down. Rebecca leaned over and kissed me. It felt weird to be kissed by a woman, but I was enjoying it. I stuck out me tongue and she sucked on it for what seemed to be an eternity. I was so into kissing her that I hadn’t noticed that Barbara sat down next to me and was taking my shirt off. We broke our kiss so that Barbara could get my shirt over my head. Once the shirt was off, Barbara removed my bra and pushed me back into the couch. Rebecca had one breast and Barbara took the other. They both sucked and licked on my breast. Both of them sucked and licked my nipples until they were standing straight out. Barbara stopped sucking on my nipple to remove my pants. After she removed my pants and panties, she started to play with my pussy. As soon as she touched my clit, I came. I had never come that hard before in my life. Rebecca was still sucking on my breast. Barbara parted my pussy lips with her fingers and traced the inside of my lips with her finger. She then started to finger fuck me. Rebecca then stood up and stripped. She had the most beautiful body I had ever seen. Her breasts were not big, but they were pretty. She had curves that any woman would kill for. The hair on her pussy was neatly trimmed and her stomach was a flat as an ironing board. 

Barbara pulled me down so that my ass was handing off the couch a little. She parted my ass and put her finger into my asshole. At the same time, she started to eat my pussy. She slowly worked her finger into my tight asshole and slowly fucked it. While she was doing this, Rebecca brought her breast to my mouth so I could suck on it. I took my other hand and started to play with her pussy. It was so wet, so slippery. I found her clit and started to rub it. She was moaning that it felt so good. I then stuck my middle finger into her pussy while rubbing her clit with the palm of my hand. By then I could feel another orgasm building. As Barbara brought me to yet another orgasm, I sucked Rebecca’s nipple for all it was worth and she came. I was in heaven.

Barbara stood up and I immediately started to kiss her. I licked the cum off her lips and chin. Rebecca stripped Barbara. Even though she was a little heavy, she didn’t look bad at all. She had a little bit of a stomach and her pussy was shaved bald. I didn’t know whose pussy I wanted to taste first. I told them lets move this to the bedroom. Once we were in the bedroom, I gently pushed Rebecca on the bed and lay on top of her. We started to kiss each other as I humped her. I then moved down to her pussy. By this time, Barbara had positioned her pussy over Rebecca’s mouth, who then started to suck on it. As I had never eaten pussy before, I didn’t know what to do. Barbara told me to eat her pussy like I like my eaten. So, I started to kiss her pussy the same way I kissed her. I parted her pussy lips with my tongue and licked on her clit like it was a lollypop. After licking it, I sucked on it like it was a little dick. I heard her moaning being muffled by the mouthful of pussy she had. I continued to suck on her clit until she came. I then stuck my tongue into her pussy and moved it in and out and around her walls. 

Rebecca and Barbara switched positions so that I could eat Barbara’s pussy. Hers tasted sweeter that Rebecca’s. As I was eating her pussy, Rebecca said that Barbara liked her ass to be eaten. To be continued………………..