 This is chapter 3 so if you haven't read the first two chapters, I'd recommend that now.

Please remember to vote, if you enjoyed the story.

And I always appreciate comments both positive and negative. Though trollish, anonymous comments will be deleted.

*** *** *** *** ***

Tess was on cloud nine! For the first time in her life, she had a - 

"Tess!"

The eighteen year-old snapped out of her reverie at the sound of her coach's voice. She turned and saw Brenda striding towards her with a grin on her face. It had been almost a month since they were last together. Tess had been busy filling out scholarships and had to be content with smiles exchanged in the hallway. Tess was so glad that things hadn't gotten weird between them, instead they exchanged secret smiles. Of course now...

"I'm so glad to have caught you!" Brenda eyes shone and was slightly breathless. "This weekend could you babysit again - "

"Guess who?" Two hands pressed over the her eyes. She felt a smaller body press against her. "Hi honey." Soft lips on her ear caused a shiver of excitement.

Tess pulled the hands away to look down at the pixie-ish blond. They exchanged a quick kiss before the eighteen year-old turned back to Brenda. Did she see a shadow of disappointment?

"What's all this then Tess and Kelly?" 

"We're dating!" Kelly's grin was infectious and Tess felt her own smile bordering on foolishness.

"Why... I'm - I'm surprised!"

Kelly gave Tess a huge hug. "Yeah, she converted me."

Tess felt hot embarrassment burn her cheeks. "Shut up! You know -"

"You shut up." Kelly stopped her with a quick kiss on the lips. "You know I'm just kidding."

Brenda smiled. "You had an entire swim season together and NOW you start to date."

The teens laughed.

"But I guess you can't babysit now. You probably have a hot date."

Tess shook her head. "It's no problem coach. I can do it."

"You sure?"

Kelly laughed. "I suppose I can give her up for one night."

"Thanks, see you at seven on Saturday night." The coach walked away, leaving the high school couple standing arm in arm.

*** *** ***

Tess felt a flutter of nervousness in her stomach as she heard the garage door open. She and coach hadn't had any time to talk about Tess' girlfriend. She felt bad and wondered if Brenda would be very disappointed with her.

The door opened and Brenda burst through.

"Hey lovely!" Brenda slurred voice matched the drunken, lopsided smile on her face.

John sheepishly walked behind wife through the doorway. "Guess who is drunk this time."

Tess giggled and walked over to them. "I'm glad to see you had a good time."

Together, they helped Brenda over to the couch where she promptly collapsed. 

"Thanks." John nodded to the young woman. "I'll be right back, I have to get our coats from the car."

Tess looked down at her coach. The older woman already appeared to have fallen asleep. Her curves apparently as she lay on the couch, her tight, black skirt hiked up around her thighs. Was she going commando like last time? 

Unconsciously, the eighteen year-old licked her lips.

"You have a crush on her, don't you?"

John's soft voice caused her to flinch. Tess met his gaze then looked away, embarrassed.

"Last year, Brenda told me you were a lesbian. I joked that you had a crush on her." He chuckled. "Guess I was right."

Tess looked around for her jacket and keys. "I need to go."

"Of course you should. But Tess..." 

She looked at him and was surprised to see that he looked uncomfortable. "What?"

"I don't know if I should say..." He trailed off she saw his gaze move to his wife. "Brenda gets very horny when she drinks this much, but never remembers. In fact the first time we had sex, she didn't remember it the next day!"

Tess shuffled her feet, embarrassment warred with a tingle of excitement. "John!"

"Yeah, I know.." His cheeks went completely red. "I guess what I'm saying is..." He moved over to his wife, his hands hesitated over the hem of her skirt and then pushed it up, revealing that Brenda had gone commando again. Tess gasped as she saw her coach had shaved! Her beautiful pussy in all its glory.

"I don't know..." The teen's voice caught in her throat.

"It's up to you." John's hands slid along Brenda's thighs and they immediately opened.

Tess felt her knees buckle. The temptation was too great! She shuffled forward. She could already see that Brenda's pussy was glistening with excitement. Tentatively, she pressed a finger against the opening and it slid easily in. Her coach was so wet already!

She moved the finger in and out as she leaned forward and inhaled deeply. She had been touching herself every night remember that scent... seeing that beautiful view... tasting... The teen ager leaned forward and began to slowly lick up and down... along each labia. She brought the finger out and tasted it.

She heard a rustle of movement and saw John sitting on the couch with his cock out!

"Is - is this ok?" He asked.

Tess froze. She had never seen a cock in person before! It was thick, hard to see more than that in the dim light and half covered by John's hand. Then she saw the scene from his perspective. She was in between his wife's thighs and on all fours with her ass in the air.

A naughty smile played across her lips. "It's ok as long as you stay on the couch."

The husband shook his head. "Of course! This all looks so incredibly hot.."

"I am sure." 

Tess watched him start to stroke again before turning back to lick Brenda's beautiful pussy. Being shaved definitely made it different. She could see her clit clearer and moved it back and forth with her tongue. She heard her coach moan and she stopped immediately.

Tess peeked up but saw the older woman was still asleep.

"I told you she wouldn't wake." 

Tess glanced back, John's cock was even bigger. The look of lust on his face made her shiver though she didn't know if it was excitement or fear or just something new.

"Keep licking her." He whispered.

She reached between her own legs and felt a shock of pleasure even though it was through the material of her sweats.

Reluctantly she moved her hand out from between her legs so she could insert a finger back into Brenda. The older woman's hips immediately bucked out. With a vengeance, Tess worked her finger in and out rapidly. Leaning forward, her tongue lashed back and forth across the clit. And was gratified to hear her lover moan.

She didn't bother to look up. She didn't care if Brenda woke up. She just needed to get her off. She felt her own excitement building, spurring her on. In and out she thrust, almost violently, with her fingers. 

Faster and deeper.

Wetness dripped around her fingers.

Brenda's legs shook and her pussy clenched.

Eagerly, Tess pulled out her hand and dove forward licking as much as she could, savoring the taste. Her flow ebbed and her tongue slowed to gentle licks. Tentatively, she looked up but saw her coach's eyes still closed and a beatific smile on her face.

"Wow..."

The teen glanced over and saw John wiping the cum off of his stomach with a kleenex. His eyes fixated on her. Abruptly uncomfortable, Tess stood up and awkwardly looked around for her keys and jacket.

"Tess... Tess!" John's urgent whisper caused Tess to reluctantly look at him. She felt her cheeks burning with embarrassment. John started to step towards her, but something in her face must have stopped him. "Tess, I just want to thank you for doing that. Don't feel embarrassed. It was absolutely beautiful."

She felt the shame flow out from his words, but it was replaced with another emotion - guilt. "Thanks. I should really get going though."

As she left the house, emotions warred within her. Should she feel guilty? Did she betray Brenda's trust? She started up her car. She didn't know, but she was honest enough with herself to know that she would be thinking of this when she masturbated tonight.