 “I need a drink!” I thought to myself as I pulled up to the curb and put the car in park. I didn’t like the way that sounded but it had been the week from hell and it was only Wednesday. I grabbed a couple bills from my purse and headed down to the pub, a basement bar that offered a cool dark place to enjoy some solitude. 

It wasn’t until I stepped off the bottom step that I remembered Wednesday nights are Lesbian night. It’s nothing official, you understand. Lesbians just seem to congregate here on Wednesdays. That explained the sudden urge I had. It was something in the air. You could almost smell the wet pussies. I needed to find a nice sweet pussy to eat. I LOVE men, don’t get me wrong. But sometimes a woman is the only way to scratch a certain ‘itch’. 

I looked around the bar as I ordered my drink. It was early yet and there weren’t a lot of people around. The men were all sitting along the wall, just watching and drooling. They can be such dogs. The bar tender was cute but I wasn’t about to hang out until close just to take her home.

I got my drink and found a nice quite stool along the wall to watch. I’m not really sure what I was thinking. I had never picked a woman up before. Anytime I had sex with another woman it was kind of a spontaneous thing. I knew men were easy but a woman? I let my eyes wander as my thoughts did. 

There were a couple of girls playing pool. Definitely too butch for my tastes. I had something specific in mind. I wanted someone with nice soft curves, big tits and pouty lips. I wanted a feminine girl who would be a wild cat once I got her home. Basically what every man is looking for. 

The longer I sat nursing my drink the nastier my thoughts got. Then I saw Her. She had long black hair that swished when she walked. Her lips were screaming to be kissed. My nether lips were getting moist just watching her. 

She came in alone and went straight to the bar. She was obviously stressed. She ordered a drink, slammed it and ordered another one. I polished off mine and went to stand next to her. She was reaching for a bill to pay for her latest drink and I put my hand on hers saying, “You look like you could use some company. Let me get that for you.”

Her eyes flashed a killing glare until she met mine. I gave her my best smile and wrapped my fingers softly around hers. It must have been something in my smile because she relaxed, “you’re right. I could use someone to talk to I guess.”

I paid for our drinks and slid my arm around her back to guide her to where I had been sitting. She took the stool I indicated and I slid mine closer to hear better. She took a long pull from her drink then looked at me abruptly. “What’s your name?” she asked as if she just realized she was sitting with a stranger.

“My friends call me Jayde,” I explained as I held out my hand for her to shake. 

She took my hand saying, “Jayde, that’s cool. I’m Destiny.” She took my hand in hers, not so much a handshake as a meeting of minds. 

I held her hand, feeling the heat radiating from it and gave her my best wry smile, “Perhaps you are.” Was I coming on too strong? I wanted her. I NEEDED her. Her scent was intoxicating. Her skin so soft. She was wearing a tight low cut blouse that revealed her generous cleavage. I had erotic visions dancing through my head as we sat and chatted. She never let go of my hand and I was more than content to let her have it.

She rattled on about how this had gone wrong, how that sucked, pretty much having the same week I was. When we had finished off the current round of drinks her hand went to the back of her neck. She moaned softly as her fingers were obviously working some tired muscles. It was time for a bolder move. Drinking and chatting were one thing but to go where I was about to was, for me, stepping beyond the point of no return. 

“You look pretty stressed. I could rub that for you and make it better.” The sexual innuendo was thick in the air. I’m not sure I was even breathing as I waited for her response. 

She looked around the bar and I was afraid I had gone too far. “I have a better idea,” she purred. “Why don’t we go back to my place? It’s nice and quiet. We can stop and get some wine and just hang out.”

“Sounds great,” I blurted, hoping I hadn’t just spoiled the mood I thought we had going. We collected our things and went back up to the street. I was just getting dark and the stars were amazing. The warm breeze only helped to fuel my fire. If we didn’t get somewhere private soon, my pants were going to be drenched!!

“Wow, what a beautiful night,” she observed as I headed her to my car. Once inside her hand found mine. Our eyes met and she breathed, “This is going to be so much fun.”

I followed her directions to her place but I don’t remember the drive at all. All my thoughts were tangled around her. She was babbling about something and I just nodded my head and drove. When we got there I was too excited to breath.

She unlocked the front door and gave me a quick tour of the place. We stopped in the kitchen and she poured us each a glass of wine. I followed her out to the deck. I looked around and noticed how secluded it was. “This is really cool,” I admired.

“I know. I love to come out here and sunbathe nude,” she offered nonchalantly. I hope she didn’t notice I almost choked on my wine.

“Don’t you worry about people seeing you?” I questioned.

“I really don’t think anyone CAN see and if they can, let them look. I don’t mind.” She wandered over to near by lawn chair and took a seat. I came up behind her and started rubbing her neck and shoulders. “Oh yeah. That feels great,” she purred. 

I let my fingers massage away the stress from her neck and shoulders. She flipped her hair out of the way to give me better access. Her neck was so soft and glowing in the moonlight. I couldn’t resist any longer. I leaned over and placed a soft kiss just under her ear. I waited breathlessly for her response. I was so afraid she would freak and throw me out. 

Instead she leaned her head aside to expose more of her neck to me. I took the hint and placed several more kisses and soft nibbles along her neck. Her hands came up to find mine as I continued to massage. She tugged slightly and I let her lead my hands to her heaving breasts. I took the swollen orbs in my hands and massaged them as well. I was watching her every move. She slid slightly forward in her chair and let her head fall back. 

I let my trail of kisses take me to her waiting lips as my fingers found and tweaked her erect nipples. She moaned into my mouth as I covered her pouting lips with mine. Her fingers slid to the back of my neck and held me firmly in place, as if I might turn and run at any moment. I wasn’t going anywhere. I was hooked. Our tongues danced as I let my fingers slide even lower. 

When I reached the waistband of her jeans she broke our oral embrace. She gently moved my hands away and stood facing me. “Wait here,” she sighed, kissing me deeply before scooting off into the house. 

I paced around the deck while she was gone for what seemed like hours. When she returned, the wait was well worth it. She stood before me in a tight black silky negligee. It barely contained her breasts as she walked towards me, swinging those seductive hips. I barely even noticed the things she was bringing with her. She sauntered past me and laid out a sleeping bag on the deck.

“I like to play outside, if you don’t mind,” she whispered to me.

“Not at all,” I whispered in return as I stepped next to her and pulled her into my arms. After a breath taking kiss I held her at arm’s length, admiring her form. “You look so….sexy” I finally found the word I wanted. She stepped back to me and my hand automatically went to find her nipple as she sucked my tongue back into her hungry mouth. 

In the midst of kisses we got ourselves laid out on the sleeping bag. She was on her back and I leaned over on one elbow over her. I kissed and fondled her. I let my fingers run along her face and through her hair. I wanted her but I didn’t want to rush things. She was beauty in the night and I wanted her to enjoy every moment. 

I let my fingers wander down to her breasts and fondled them through the material of her nightly. Her fingers were running up and down my back. She reached the back of my head and ‘encouraged’ me to kiss lower. I followed her guiding and soon was eye to eye with her hard, throbbing nipples.

“OH suck it, please,” she pleaded. Who was I to disappoint? I sucked the nipple right through the material. I let my fingers knead her other breast. She squirmed under me and I knew I had chosen the right one. After a few seconds, she pushed me gently away and sat up. 

“This will be better,” she sighed as she pulled the nighty off over her head. Her full firm tits fell into view. I didn’t need anymore encouragement to suck them. I took one in each hand and sucked, first one, then the other engorged nipple between my lips. I nibbled them gently until she sighed, “Harder. Bite them harder.” I eagerly bit one as she squealed out loud. 

It wasn’t long before I felt her hands on the back of my head again. She wanted me lower and I was more than willing to oblige. I let my fingers stay on her tits and kissed/licked my way lower. When I reached her belly button, I licked all around, teasing. I could smell her need as I licked lower. She was still wearing black lace panties and I kissed right over the top of them. I let my tongue slide ever so softly over the fabric causing her hips to rise off the ground. Her hand on the back of my head pushed harder but I wasn’t ready to give in yet. I was enjoying teasing her, knowing how bad she needed it right now. 

“OH GOD! I can’t take it anymore. Eat Me!” She screamed and I was ready to bring her over the edge. I slid the fabric of her panties aside and let my tongue slide the length of her slit before I found her clit and flicked it with my tongue. “Oh you bitch! Just eat me!” she screamed again.

I was reveling in her anguish and couldn’t hold back anymore myself. I let my tongue open her lips for me and then sucked her clit hard. Her hips rose off the ground again and she screamed as she flooded my face with her juice. I held on for all I was worth and rode out the wave. 

When she came back to earth I let up and between licks reassured myself by saying, “Is that what you had in mind?”

“OH hell yes!” She breathed as she settled back down on the sleeping bag. I let my tongue wander aimlessly through her slit, enjoying the flavor of her juices. She was dripping wet and I brought my finger up to her cunt just as I sucked her clit again. My finger slide in easily and she thrust herself against me as I fucked and sucked her.

Her fingers were tangled in my hair, holding me in place as I enjoyed my snack. Her legs were spread wide to give me the best access and I took advantage of it by letting my tongue slide further south and tickle her tight ass. She squirmed even more against my face and I sucked her back door good before brining another finger into play. I let my finger slide absently along her tight hole, testing the water before going in. If she wasn’t into it, now would be the time to tell me. She never said a word and I placed my finger against her asshole. She thrust her hips towards me giving me the go ahead and I slowly slid my finger home. This drove her wild. I was afraid the neighbors might hear as I fucked both her holes and sucked her pussy lips.

“Oh fuck yes!” she squealed as I kept up my assault of her cunt. She met me stroke for stroke as I finger-banged her. I cold feel her pussy convulsing and I knew she would be drowning me again soon. I doubled my efforts and was rewarded with an ear splitting howl as her juices flooded me once again. I sucked up every drop and let her ride my face until she collapsed.

I gently pulled my fingers from her openings and came to lie next to her. She looked up at me through fog covered eyes and smiled. I leaned over her and kissed her, giving her a good taste of her juices. She sucked my tongue in deep to get every drop.

When she was sure she had gotten it all she looked up at me and whispered, “I’m not letting you go until the sun comes up. DAMN!”

Looks like I am in for one hell of a night!!!