 Alexis met Lynne 3 years ago through her boyfriend, Mark. Lynne was dating Mark's best friend, Cory. They hit it off immediately and became inseparable. The boys joked that the girls spent more time with each other than they did with them. The boys called them "Ally" (the first two letters of each of their names). Alexis preferred to be called Lex or Lexi. Alexis and Lynne went everywhere together. They would always spend the night at each other's apartments at least twice a week. They would scrapbook together, watch movies, everything that best friends do. They loved to travel. It didn't matter how far away it was. Everything was an adventure for them.

Lynne had long brown hair and dark brown eyes. She wasn't athletic but she took care of herself. She was average height. Cory was crazy about her long legs, full round ass and her 38D cups. Lexi was athletic, slimmer than Lynne, but she had curves in all the right places. She was a tad shorter than Lynne. She had hair just as dark as hers. Her eyes were blue. Her breasts were a full 38C.

Every once in a while Lynne would look at Lexi and get weird butterflies inside of her. She didn't understand why. They had been friends for quite some time and it never happened before. Lynne was positive she was straight. As was Lexi. Why, they had boyfriends, didn't they? Lynne would just try to push it out of her mind and think about other things. She never would bring something embarrassing like that up to Lexi. She would be mortified.

They were at Lexi's place planning their next trip up to the Adirondacks. They couldn't decide if they wanted to rent a cabin or rough it out in a good old tent.

"It would be nice to be inside away from the bugs...and I hate it when I get stuck sleeping on a stump!" Lynne pointed out. When it came to creepy crawlies, the girliness in her definitely came out. She wasn't a huge fan of camping. But for Lexi, she would try.

"Yeah, but wouldn't it be fun to sleep outside in a tent? Listening to all the sounds of the outdoors? It would be sooo peaceful," said Lexi.

"I...guess so..." replied Lynne.

"Ohhh, come on. It will be great! I promise... if you get stuck on a stump you can sleep with me in my sleeping bag!" Lexi giggled.

"Ok, but I'll remember that promise," said Lynne, half-joking. There go the butterflies again, she thought. What is going on!?

They decided on sleeping in a tent. They went to Wal-Mart and stocked up on everything you would need for camping. Sleeping bags, a cooler, food, bug spray, tiki torches, flashlights, batteries, and more. They were definitely prepared. They even bought a tarp to put over the tent, just in case it rained. It was June, and steaming hot, but they were still getting quite a bit of rain.

The boys were excited because they would get to spend the whole weekend playing poker. Lynne would have rather been playing poker than sleeping in the wild. She was a little nervous. Lexi was thrilled. She loved the outdoors. Lynne did not. That was the only difference they had. That, and the fact that Lexi was a little more daring and bolder than Lynne was. Which was a good thing sometimes. They finished packing Thursday night and were exhausted. They ordered pizza and wings from a local pizza shop. They were ready for bed by 10:00 p.m. They always slept in each other's beds but for some reason Lynne was nervous that night. As they lay face to face and talked, Lynne got those feelings again.

"Lex..." said Lynne.

"Yeah?" replied Lexi.

"I have a dumb question...have you ever been with a girl before?" asked Lynne.

"Well...what do you mean...?"

"You know...with a girl..." Lynne shyly replied.

"Ohhh. Um. No, why? Have you?"

"No, I was just wondering... Have you ever kissed a girl before?" Lynne asked.

"Lynne! You know I haven't. You know every single thing about me!"

"I know, I know. Well, have you ever wanted to?" Lynne asked. It was a good thing it was dark and they couldn't see each other that well because Lynne was blushing.

"I guess... Well, I watched this porno once and there was a girl-on-girl scene. I got turned on a little bit...What about you?" Lexi said.

"Well, I am straight. But I have wondered what it would be like," said Lynne.

"So. Let's try it. It won't mean anything. Just to see what it's like. And we won't tell our boyfriends. You know how guys are with girls making out and what not," Lexi giggled.

"Ummm, o-ok," stuttered Lynne.

They leaned towards each other and the instant their lips touched Lynne felt a familiar pulse between her legs. At first they didn't know how they should kiss, and then Lexi opened her mouth and moved her tongue into Lynne's. Lynne returned the kiss and moved her tongue against Lexi's. Lexi moaned softly. They pulled apart quickly and looked at each other in the darkness. Lynne could see the moistness glistening on her lips and she wanted to kiss her again.

"Maybe we should just go to bed," whispered Lynne.

"Yeah..." said Lexi.

Lynne thought about the kiss half the night. She thought about Lexi's soft lips and even softer tongue. She could not sleep. Lexi slept soundly. She hoped it wouldn't be awkward in the morning. Little did she know that Lexi was dreaming about Lynne all night.

They got up at 7 a.m. Friday morning. Lynne was groggy. Lexi was up and ready to go in half an hour. She made them coffee and bagels. After Lynne was ready and they were in the car getting ready to leave, she asked Lexi if everything was ok between them.

"Of course honey, why do you ask?" replied Lexi.

"Well, because of...the kiss and all," said Lynne.

"Oh, don't worry about it, just experimenting is all. It's all good. Let's go!"

They got to the camp site in 2 hours. It was nice; it was away from all of the other campers. There wasn't anyone close around them. They set up their tent and went around exploring. They walked down to the waterfalls and took pictures of each other near them. It was a beautiful day. Lynne couldn't take her eyes off Lexi. Her ass looked so good in those short shorts, she thought. They brought their bikes and rode them on the trails. By the end of the day they were exhausted but happy. They didn't want to go to sleep so early. They started a fire and made s'mores. Lexi was watching Lynne as she was dripping chocolate on the inside of her thigh. I just want to lick it up, she thought. Lexi was surprised by what she was thinking. She had never thought about Lynne that way before. Why was she thinking like this now? Was it the kiss? They finished eating their s'mores. Lynne pulled out a bottle of Arbor Mist. Their favorite wine. They brought plastic mugs instead of wine glasses. It was Lynne's idea. "To keep the bugs out." They changed into boy shorts and tank tops. It was so hot that night. Lexi blushed when she noticed Lynne didn't have her bra on. She could see her nipples right through her top.

It was about midnight and they were getting a slight buzz from the wine. They were talking about their boyfriends and their jobs. Lynne was the manager of a retail store and Lexi was a receptionist for the hospital. They talked about everything. They brought a lantern into the tent and started playing silly drinking games. First, they played the higher/lower game. Then they dealt some hands of Texas Hold 'Em. They were getting pretty loopy from the wine.

"Hey, let's play Truth or Dare!" Lexi giggled.

"What? We're not 12 anymore Al..." said Lynne.

"Oh, don't be a party pooper, come onnnn," whined Lexi.

"Fine then," said Lynne. "Ok, Truth or Dare?"

"Truth," said Lexi.

"Ok...hmmm...how often do you masturbate," Lynne asked in between giggles.

"Um, truthfully!? About 3 times a week," said Lexi. "How about you?"

"Every night I'm not with Cory!" Lynne burst out laughing.

"Even when you're at MY house!?" asked Lexi.

"Ohh nooo, I don't do that. I wouldn't!" replied Lynne. "Even though I sometimes want to."

"What do you mean?" Lexi asked.

"I don't know, sometimes I just get so damn horny at your house. I don't even know why!" Lynne blushed. Whenever she was drinking wine she talked too much.

"Hmmm. Ok, Truth or Dare, Lynne?" asked Lexi with an evil smirk.

"Dare!" Lynne giggled.

"I dare you to kiss me..." Lexi whispered.

"Are you sure...?"

"Yeah..."

"Ok..."

Lynne scooted closer to Lexi and leaned in to her. Lexi put her hand through Lynne's hair. As their lips met they both moaned quietly. Their tongues explored each other's mouths eagerly. Lexi sucked on Lynne's lip and bit gently on it. Lynne moaned again. They pulled away and stared at each other shyly. Lynne pulled the straps off Lexi's tank top and started kissing her neck and shoulders. This is what Cory would do when they would make out, so she would try it. She didn't really know what she was doing. She pulled Lexi's top down some more so that her breasts would spill out. Lynne moaned and started sucking on Lexi's nipples. Lexi threw her head back and started rubbing herself underneath her boy shorts. Lynne noticed what she was doing and was getting even more turned on. She lay down and motioned for Lexi to lie down as well. Lynne continued sucking and nibbling on Lexi's breasts. With her free hand, she reached underneath Lexi's soaking wet boy shorts and started to rub her clit. Lexi moved her hips towards Lynne's hand. Lynne started sliding one of her fingers into Lexi.

"You are so wet, Lex," Lynne moaned. Lexi moaned louder as Lynne's finger moved in and out of her slowly. Lynne used her thumb to rub Lexi's clit while she fingered her. Lynne could tell she was getting close to coming. She stopped fingering her and moved down between Lexi's legs. She pulled down her boy shorts and started licking and kissing inside her thighs. She couldn't wait any longer. She had to taste Lexi's pussy. She plunged her tongue into her and grabbed her thighs. Lynne moaned as she licked Lexi. Lexi arched her back and squeezed her nipples. She was moaning so loud by now. 

"Yes...yes...ohhh...more...mmmmm" Lexi murmured.

Lynne opened Lexi's lips and flickered her tongue quickly around. She flicked it on her clit and put 2 fingers into Lexi's soaking wet pussy. Lexi was moving against Lynne's fingers. As if she was riding them.

Lynne stopped. She didn't want her to come yet. She put her fingers into Lexi's mouth and she sucked on them. Then they started kissing again. Lexi took one of Lynne's full breasts in her mouth and sucked greedily. Lynne moaned and smiled. She got up and got into a 69 position and sat right over Lexi's face. Lexi spread Lynne's lips and started licking her.

"Put your fingers in me..." moaned Lynne. Lexi put 2 fingers into Lynne's pussy. She was fingering her and licking her at the same time. Lynne was getting louder and louder. She put her face between Lexi's legs and nibbled on her clit. Lynne was riding Lexi's fingers furiously. Lexi was crying out in ecstasy. "Faster," she cried. Lynne licked her and rubbed her faster and faster. Lexi let out a yell. "Ohhhhh!" She arched her back and her whole body shook. Lynne thrust 3 fingers in her and made her come twice more. Lynne sat up, got on all fours and pushed her ass up in the air. Lexi got out a small vibrator that Lynne did not know about and was rubbing it against her pussy. Lexi turned it on high and Lynne giggled. Lexi teased Lynne's clit with the tip of it. She slapped Lynne's firm ass and squeezed it. She reached up and pinched her nipples. Lexi put it in slowly at first then she went faster. Lynne was so wet. She was dripping all over Lexi's fingers. Lexi licked it up. She started playing with herself as she was putting the vibrator into Lynne. They were both moaning. And sweating. Lynne moaned, "Fuck me, fuck me hard." Lexi pushed it in further. Lynne couldn't take it any longer. She cried out, and had what seemed like the biggest orgasm ever.

She collapsed on the sleeping bag and Lexi lay beside her and looked at her and smiled. "WOW," Lexi whispered. She ran her hand through Lynne's hair.

"Yeah...that was...incredible..." Lynne said breathlessly.

"We are going to have one helluva weekend," said Lexi, laughing.

"Yeah, we are. Just as long as the boys don't know about it!" said Lynne.

"It's our little secret," whispered Lexi.