 Even at 18, I was awkward. I wasn't in the popular social clique, but I had my friends at school. I always loved horses though, and when I was younger, I started working at a stable, exercising rich people's horses. I shoveled hay, handled the animals, and kept myself fit. 

I went to dances and had some boyfriends, but nothing more than I kiss. When I look back, I was so naive, I really didn't know much about anything, let alone sex. This was all pre-cell phones, pre-internet. Sex education was word of mouth, and the friends I hung out with were more into school, work or horses.

It was at this point that I met Claire. Claire was a little older than me, and was from a well-to-do family that boarded horses where I worked. We didn't go to school together, she went to a private school, so there was no social group baggage. She just loved horses like I did and we quickly formed a friendship.

Claire was a little on the heavy side, kind of homely and overweight, with larger thighs and big boobs. At the time I was about 5'7", blond, and fit, but pretty flat chested. I remember comparing myself to her and thinking that she had the body of a women. It was that time in life when everyone's body was changing, and it was normal to compare. I didn't have any sort of sexual feelings for her, we were just friends, and we had a great time together.

One weekend I ended up staying overnight at her place. Her parents went out for dinner and we stuck around and ordered a pizza. We talked horses and normal girl stuff, including boys. At some point Claire asked if I had been with a boy yet. I told her that I hadn't. Claire told me that there was something I had to see.

She led me to the garage where she went behind some tools and open a box. Underneath some hardware and other junk, she revealed a few VHS porno tapes. They evidently belonged to her father. It was his secret porn stash.

Giggling, we took a tape up to the VCR. It was called "Dirty Debutantes" and started with an older creepy guy talking to a first time teen, and then eventually having sex with her. At one point he was with two girls. He had them kiss, then undress, and then lick each other's pussy in a 69 position. As the girls worked on each other, the old guy's hands were all over them, at one point slipping his finger into one of their assholes. Then he would move in and fuck them both. I remember thinking that he was a pretty lucky guy.

As we watched, Claire asked if I ever rubbed my pussy. I had a little, but I never had an orgasm. Again, I was so young and naive, I really didn't know what I was doing. She told me to wait, and san ran into her parents room. She quickly came back with a plastic cock! She turned a switch on the bottom and the whole thing started to vibrate! We laughed so hard. 

Then she asked me if I ever stuck anything in my pussy, and I told her I hadn't. She got kind of quiet and turned her attention back to the video. She looked at me with a kind of serious look and pulled down her sweatpants and panties. She had fat white thighs and a big, light brown bush that matched her light brown hair. Then she picked up the vibrator, turned it on, and started rubbing it on her pussy.

It was a little strange, but I started getting aroused watching her rub her pussy and the watch the porno video. We were both on the couch. She was laying back with her ass on the edge, legs spread wide, rubbing the dildo on her clit and then alternating plunging it into her pussy. Her pussy was so wet that her pubic hairs had beads of pussy juice on them. 

She told me to come closer and watch her. I inched over toward her, sitting forward on the edge of the couch. She lifted her shirt and bra, exposing her big fat tits. Being flat chested, they fascinated me. They were like big long tubes, with huge aureolas and little nipples. She told me to pinch her nipples to help her out. I started rubbing her nipples while she worked on her pussy. She seemed to be in another world. 

As her breathing got shorter, she told me to rub her clit. I was caught up in the moment, and I moved my hand down to her hairy mound. I started rubbing in a circle like she had been doing. She then started plunging the dildo in and out of her pussy, faster and faster, eventually having an orgasm and collapsing back. 

I took my hand off her pussy and noticed it was totally wet with her juices. Claire saw me looking at my sticky hand and told me to lick my fingers clean. I stuck them in my mouth, curious as to what they tasted like. The taste was musky, and I felt dirty licking them. I had my eyes closed with my fingers in my mouth, and I felt Claire's hands grabbing the sides of my sweatpants waistband, pulling them down. 

I was in a bit of an altered state, and I let her pull them down, along with my white panties. She told me to keep my eyes closed and her hand moved to my pussy, rubbing my clit. It felt incredible. My pussy was so wet, wetter than I had ever been before. Claire started rubbing the vibrator in circles around on my clit, I was in heaven, and I came immediately, shaking violently. 

Claire didn't stop though, she slowly pushed the dildo into my pussy. I never had anything in my pussy before, and I felt a sharp pang as my hymen broke, but I was so wet and hot, it almost felt like nothing. Laying back, continuing to shake and orgasm multiple times, Claire started pushing he dildo in and out of my pussy. I opened my eyes after feeling a sensation that I wasn't used to. Looking down, I saw Claire's face on my pussy, licking my clit and lips through my small blond bush. It felt incredible and I had another orgasm, my fourth of the night. 

Claire told me to get up and bend over on my hands and knees. She scooted underneath me and we were in a 69 position, like the girls in the video had been. I started using my hand again on her pussy. Not really connecting the dots to lick her. I quickly felt her mouth on my clit from beneath, her fingers spreading my butt cheeks apart. My pussy felt so open and exposed. 

Then I felt her rubbing a wet finger on my asshole, teasing it by rubbing around it. She then asked me what I want. I ignored her. She said it again louder, "what do you want?" 

I said "do whatever you want". 

She told me to say it louder. 

I said it loud, "do whatever you want to me!" 

Her finger slipped into my asshole, just like we had watched on the video earlier. Her finger was so wet with my pussy juice that it slipped right in. As her tongue worked my clit and her finger went in and out of my asshole, I came again. I remember looking down at Claire's face and it was covered in juice from my pussy. 

"GIRLS!"

My head shot around to see Claire's parents staring at us. Oh my god, is this really happening? Her father yelled at us to get up. We quickly got up. He yelled at Claire to get up to her room. Meanwhile I was standing there with nothing but a small shirt on, my nipples pointing through and my pussy dripping wet, the juices covering my inner thighs. I was in a daze, so mortified to be in this situation. I could see Claire's parents looking at my pussy for a second, checking me out. I had no idea what was next. I got lucky - they told me to get dressed and go home. I pulled my pants on in front of them, collected my things, got in my car, and left.

As I drove home my heart was beating out of my chest. I'm sure my parents were going to flip out over this. But when I got home, my parents never seemed to get the call. I told them I decided to come home and they wished me goodnight. I couldn't sleep a wink. I contemplated calling Claire but didn't want her folks to know (this was pre-cell phones). I expected a call the next day from Claire's parents. But the next day came and went without a call.

When I went to the stable to work, there was no trace of Claire. I thought of calling but was too scared of getting her parents on the line. I didn't see Claire again until years later. But from then on, I knew how to orgasm, and often thought of that night while I played with myself in the safety of my own bed.