 The door to the apartment doesn't even get a chance to click shut behind us before we're upon each other, competing for the first touch. My hands seek out the curves of your body, desperate to feel you...but you easily overpower me and before I can even think to move I am pressed firmly against the door with your body against mine.

Our mouths find each other almost immediately. Tongues and lips fighting with urgency, desperate to sate the longing we are both feeling for each other. I can feel my wetness already, and I know that you are wet for me as well.

Just when I think I can't possibly get any more aroused, your hand makes its' way in between my legs. It slides back and forth a couple of times and you moan when you feel how wet I am even through my jeans. I press my hips toward you and suck my breath in sharply as I feel your hand slip beneath my pants and into my cunt. I moan and grind against you. My head spins as you teasingly play with my pussy while ever so slightly touching my clit, just enough to make me gasp and show you the urgency building within me.

After what seems like an eternity you part from me and we move into the living room, quickly freeing each other from our clothing damp with our sweat and wetness and move each other to the couch. I lie on my back and pull you on top of me. You slide up between my legs and kiss me passionately, the touch of your body and tongue sending fresh waves of pleasure through me and causing a fresh gush of wetness to seep out from between my legs.

I finally get enough control of my limbs to touch your breasts, teasing your nipples with my fingers and loving how your tits seem like they were made just for my hands, they fit so perfectly in my palms.

You start grinding your pussy into mine. We're both moaning now. Our wet cunts are so close to each other and the thought of it is getting me really hot. I can already feel an orgasm building up within me and the shortness in your breath makes me wonder if you are close too.

Suddenly you grab my leg and push it up over the back of the couch, opening my pussy to you. Two fingers slide into my cunt and you start to fuck me slowly and deliberately. You slide down between my legs and continue to fuck me, adding a third finger when my cunt opens wide begging to be fucked. You tease me by blowing on my clit and laugh at my desperation, and then I feel your tongue and lips as you slowly start to lick and suck on my swollen clit. Your fingers move in and out -- quick and hard...I'm moving against your hand uncontrollably now.

I moan your name and beg you to fuck me hard. "Fuck me...please fuck me." You listen well and do just that. I don't want this to stop, but your mouth feels so hot and wet on my clit. I buck wildly and grind into your face as my orgasm overtakes me. You continue to lick me softly 'til I absolutely can't take any more, and I finally push your face away from me.

I move away from the couch and retrieve the toy box. I don't bother to tell you what I am doing, you are already busy making yourself comfortable where I was lying just moments before. I come back to you and move to the foot of the couch. When you see what I am holding you smile and reach for it.

I hand you the cock to put on and lay down, knowing you'd long since decided that you were going to fuck me with it regardless of what I said...but when you kiss me, I greedily bite your lip and suck your tongue into my mouth so you know I want it too.

"Spread your legs for me," you whisper into my ear, playfully licking my neck and holding my hips with your hands to guide me where you want me. I squirm when your cock brushes against my clit as we move, but I obey immediately and open myself to you, wet and dripping with anticipation. I love giving myself to you like that...my sopping wet pussy just dying to be fucked.

I gasp as the cock slides easily into me. You move slowly at first, languishing the way my hips grind towards you, seeking the full length of your cock inside me. You start slowly thrusting, giving me more and more of its' length until you are fully within me. I moan incoherently and wrap my legs around your hips, matching your thrusts with my own, our pelvises smacking together when you plunge in deep.

I barely manage to breathe I am so hot from wanting this. "Do you like fucking me?" I gasp. You sit up straight, breasts bouncing as you continue pounding into me. "Mmmmm...yes baby, god yessss...."

You look so beautiful fucking me like this. I can barely think I want it so badly...and suddenly you seem to remember there are other things you want too and you slowly pull the cock out, replacing it with two of your fingers, probing my cunt deeply. "Fuuuck, you're so wet," you say before pulling them out and bringing your fingers to your mouth to taste me.

"Roll over," you say and push back allowing me room to comply. I hesitate to move at first, but I know that you will accept nothing less than full compliance. With my knees up under my hips and my ass high in the air you guide the cock back into my cunt, this time slamming into me from behind, allowing you to fuck me even deeper than before. I cry out and moan, increasingly needing you to be upon me, taking from me.

"Say you like it," you demand. I don't speak for a moment, and so you pull back and hold just the head of the cock inside me and remain completely still. I groan and you slap my ass hard when I try to rock back in a futile attempt to get you to thrust it inside me. "Say it!"

I jolt and whisper "Yes," and very slowly you resume fucking me, just barely. "Say it so I can fucking hear you."

"Yessssss I like it!" I cry out, holding the edge of the couch in a death grip as you pound into me, your need now driven by hearing the desperation in my words. You rub my clit with one hand while exploring my tits with the other, still driving hard into me...and with this I call out to you, grinding my clit into your hand and slamming myself back onto your hips and cock, coming violently against you.

"God, I loved that..." you whisper as you slide down to hold and kiss me while I come down from my intense peak.

My clit is still sensitive from coming, but already I know I need more. You rub happily against my slick thigh and kiss me, finding my tongue with your own. I relish the feeling of our bodies wrapped around each other...but however much I don't want to give up the delicious intimacy of this moment, still being hungry for you outweighs that by far.

I take one of your nipples between my fingers and tease it...hoping to work you up to where I am. When your lips leave mine long enough to release an almost inaudible "Ahh.." I hesitate not a second longer.

I bend and take your breast in my mouth, savoring the sweet saltiness of your skin, slick with sweat. You moan and turn on your back, exposing both breasts to me, and I suck hungrily at them, getting off on how much you are already squirming for me.

I pull at you until you suddenly understand what I'm after, and move to an almost sitting position, your round ass perched right on the edge of the couch. I kneel in front of you and push your legs up, holding them with my hands under your knees, and look at your beautiful wet cunt.

Your clit is red and swollen with desire. I kiss it lightly and revel in the current of energy it releases through you, arching your back and making you gasp.

I slowly trail my tongue past your clit and into your pussy. I struggle to fuck you deep with it, determined to get every bit of wetness out of you that I can. Cupping your ass in my hands I pull your cunt toward me and onto my tongue. I work my mouth over you fervently, desperate to please you, until finally I have to come up for air and I think of a way I want you even more.

Within seconds we are both tongue-deep in each others' pussies, your body on top of mine. We lick and suck each other until I think I may explode, but when I find a solid rhythm with my fingers in your pussy and suck hard on your clit you are the first to start coming, moaning and crying out, bucking wildly against my face, clenching and spasming around my fingers.

"That wasn't very nice, now was it, " I tease, my smile curling into a smirk..."I wasn't even done with you yet. Now you're goanna have to make it up to me."

You grin, roll off & reach for me before I even start to move. As soon as I'm up over your face your head comes up to meet my cunt with your mouth...and I gush the moment you touch me. You dive in passionately, sucking my clit into your mouth. "Ohhh fuck!" I pant heatedly, "Fuck me with your tongue!"

You laugh and slip your tongue in my hole. I grind against it without realizing what I'm doing, practically suffocating you in the process. You once again start a solid rhythm on my clit and slip your fingers inside me.

"That's it," I sputter as my hips tighten and my back arches to meet the orgasm you are bringing me to. "Ohhh fuck I'm gunna come so hard for you, baby... oh shit, ooohh fuck!" I grab your hair and hold your mouth to me, shaking and crying out. I come, my clit hard and desperate in your mouth. I let you lick me even past my orgasm, until my swollen clit screams out against your attentions.

I move down next to you, kiss your wet face and you smile at me, laughing... "I am so glad we met!"