 This happened to me about 12 years ago. I hadn’t thought about writing it down and posting the story. I received such positive comments about my first story; I figured that I should post this one and some other true experiences.

It happened in my junior year at college. I had just broken up with my boyfriend and I was out with a couple of girlfriends. We went to a local watering hole; I just wanted to forget the jerk. After all, any guy that would break up with me has got to be a jerk, or at least that is the way that I felt. One of the girls at the table had also just broken up with her boyfriend. I had seen Karen around campus but really never had talked with her until now. Karen was a senior; she had long straight black hair flowing down her back, almond shaped brown eyes, light olive toned skin and an hourglass shape. She was the type of woman that would turn heads when she walked around campus. 

Karen and I spent the evening trashing men, which can be fun as long as it is done in moderation. Well Karen and I trashed every man that we knew from grade school to the present day. After a couple of hours of putting down the entire male kingdom, we realized that everybody else had left the table. We were so engrossed in our “therapy” that we had ignored everybody around us. Since I didn’t have my car I asked Karen if she would give me a ride back to the house. She said that she would love to, but had a better idea. She suggested that we go back to her apartment and watch some old movies and just chill out. That sounded great to me. I really didn’t want to be alone.

When we arrived at her apartment we had the entire place to ourselves. Her two roommates were away for the weekend. Karen found a bottle of wine and we started to talk. We sipped wine and talked about everything, the weather, our hometowns and eventually the conservation got back to my boyfriend. Karen could tell that I was hurting and she told me that I needed a big hug. Well that sounded good so we embraced. Her body was so soft and it very comforting to be in her arms. She whispered in my ear how lovely I was and that I deserved better. We released our embrace and she took my hands in hers. She told me that she had seen me around campus and thought that I was a very beautiful woman. I told her that I didn’t feel very beautiful. At that point she leaned forward and kissed me. I froze, I had never been kissed by another woman, I didn’t know how to react. Her kiss was gentle and reassuring. A big smile cane across her lips and she leaned in and kissed me again. This time I returned the kiss, soon your tongues were dancing against each other. I thought to myself, what the hell am I doing. But I didn’t stop it felt so right. I had never kissed a woman this way before it felt dirty yet at the same time I was being to become aroused.

Then Karen’s hands started to explore my breasts. I have had men touch me but this was a different feeling. It was soft and gentle yet firm. My body was experiencing feelings like never before. Karen told me that she thought that I had lovely breasts and that she could get lost in them. My head was swimming with fear and excitement. Should I stop her, should I touch her; what should I do? Too many different thoughts were running through my mind. I reached out and touched her breasts, Karen let out a soft moan. I couldn’t believe what was happening, I was kissing another women and touching her and I liked it.

Then Karen took my hand and led me into her bedroom. My legs were like rubber, was it from the strange feelings running through my body or was it fear or a combination of both? When we reached the bedroom she started to undress me, I just laid on the bed as she pulled my clothing off. Soon I was naked and feeling so very exposed. Then she took her clothing off and laid next to me kissed and held me. It was a very warm feeling, a feeling of shelter. Before I knew it Karen was moving her mouth down to my breasts and them to my stomach and finally to my pussy. Her tongue was turning me on like nobody had ever done. She knew my body better than I did and she knew just the right place to lick. It was heavenly. She brought me to the edge of an orgasm and then stopped, I begged her to finish. I was so close why wouldn’t she continue. 

She told me that she wanted me to do the same thing to her, then she would get me off. I had never even touched another woman never mind tasted her. As I started to lick her she started to moan and directed me to lick harder or softer. I couldn’t believe what was happening, I was going down on another woman and she was getting off on it. Was I a lesbian? My head was swimming with conflicting thoughts. Soon Karen was holding my head and she was getting ready to cum. As she started to scream she forced my mouth against her soaking wet pussy. When her orgasm ceased we kissed, then she stared to lick my chin and my lips. She told me now it was my turn to cum. It wasn’t long before I could feel the pressure building and I knew that I was about to experience a very hard cum. Her tongue danced on my clit, she inserted two fingers into my dripping wet pussy. Within seconds I was cumming, harder and longer than any man had have produced. My entire body was shaking, I couldn’t control myself. Wave after wave of pleasure engulfed me. I never knew what it was like to have the “BIG O”. Then we just laid in each other arms for what seemed like hours. Karen pulled the covers over our bodies and we slept till the morning. 

When I awake I was embarrassed and a little ashamed of what had happened the night before. I got dressed and told Karen that I had a bunch of stuff to do and left her apartment as quickly as possible. Karen called me a couple of times that day and each day after that, I didn’t want tot talk with her. I had loved / hated every minute of our love making but I was also afraid to see her again. I was afraid that I might become a lesbian. Karen graduated a couple of months later and I never saw her again. I often think about her and that night. I really wish that I had seen her again. She was the first and the best woman that I have ever been with.