 "I still can't believe the two of you..." my husband Blake started, with a smirk.

"For the thousandth time," I said, cutting him off, "Nothing happened between Debi and me."

The Debi in question was my "bestie." She and I had been friends our entire lives, first meeting when my family moved next door to hers when I we were four. From the moment we met, we'd been inseparable. Sharing all of the trials and tribulations of growing up, the good and the bad, even all of our birthday parties, as we were born 2 days apart, were spent together. 

The incident my dear husband was referring to, as we killed time waiting for Debi's plane to land, happened on the Saturday after our 19th birthdays. 

That year, my birthday had been on a Tuesday and Debi's on Thursday. Our families, so used to us celebrating our birthdays together, took us out to dinner that Friday. This, of course, freed up Saturday for us to really celebrate. 

Too young to bar hop; our plan was to go to dinner together then see if we could hook up with some friends later. One of the women in the office where I worked gave me a bottle of Tequila for my birthday. We opened it up while we were getting ready (we were renting a small two bedroom apartment). One fiery shot, led to two, then three... By our sixth shot, we were far too trashed to even think about going out. So we decided to continue the "birthday traditions" and turned our night into an old fashioned sleep over. 

Instead of dressing up to go out, we dressed down, t-shirts and panties. We ended up sitting on my bed, pouring shot after shot, laughing and reminiscing about our lives together.

By midnight, both the bottle and we were mostly gone. By one o'clock, the bottle was gone and we were ready for bed.

We both climbed under the covers and faced each other.

We continued to talk, facing each other, snuggled our heads on the pillows. 

I know, this sounds like a cliché, but something happened to me at one point when she was talking. I don't know what came over me, but I leaned over and kissed her. 

'Oh shit,' I thought, her body tensed as the tip of my tongue probed her lips. My panic soon abated as her lips parted and she started kissing me back. 

Her lips felt so soft and supple. Her tongue urgently swirling against mine was making my pulse race. My hands ran down her body, cupping her ass, I pulled her closer to me. Her breasts felt incredible pressing against me. 

With each passing moment, as we kissed, I grew bolder. My hands found their way under her sleep shirt and soon I was running my hands over her breasts. Feeling her hard nipple under my palm sent an almost electric tingle down to my pussy. 

My lips moved from hers and down her neck as I raised her t-shirt over her head. Her nipples were so hard, they looked painful. I leaned down I teased it with the tip of my tongue at first, then licked around her areola before making her moan as I took her nipple into my mouth. I reluctantly released her nipple, to make way as she pulled my t-shirt off of me. Once off, she cupped my face between her hands and pressed her lips back against mine. 

I was on fire, my panties were soaked, and I wanted to climax more than anything in the world. Our bodies were tangled in such a way that I couldn't get enough pressure against her leg with my pussy to get myself off. I knew if she would just reach down and touch me there, I would cum almost instantly. 

I let my hand travel from her breasts, down her taut belly and inside of her panties. Her pubic hair felt course against my palm. I briefly rubbed her clit with my index, middle and ring finger before sliding my middle finger inside of her. She was as wet as I knew I was.

Suddenly she let out a gasp and her eyes shot open. 

"Wait!" she panted, pulling away from me slightly. "Gretch, we're really drunk and I don't want to do something we are going to regret in the morning."

Damn rational thought, spoiling a perfectly great lesbionic moment!!! But she was right, we'd been best friends all of our lives and even with as horny as I was, I knew things would change if we went any further. Possibly for the good, but there was always a chance it would ruin things between us. 

"You're right," I had to agree. I reluctantly added, "We should stop."

We settled back under the covers to go to sleep. Debi gave me one last, chaste kiss, before turning over and pressing her back to me.

"Goodnight," she whispered. 

Getting into our usual "sleep over" position, I wrapped my arm around her and spooned up against her back. Slowly her breathing got deeper and she was asleep.

I on the other hand, was way too wound up to even think about sleeping. Feeling her skin against my breasts (we hadn't bothered to put back on our shirts) each time she breathed wasn't helping ease my arousal. 

Once I was sure Debi was asleep, I gently pulled away from her and eased over on the bed. Lying on my back, I started by teasing my nipples with my fingertips, each tingle reminding me of how Debi's felt between my lips. Leaving my left hand on my right breast, I slid my right hand down my tummy. I had to bite my lower lip to keep from moaning out loud as my middle and index fingers made contact with my swollen pussy. 

Wanting to get off, yet wanting the feeling to last, my fingers rubbed lazy circles around my clit. Never actually touching it directly, just brushing it, and bringing myself close to the edge, then backing off. Occasionally, I would ease my two fingers inside, the sensation of not only my fingers inside of me but the wetness my fingers were feeling was intense.

Eyes closed, my thoughts bounced from pretending it was Debi fingering me to my fingers in her. 

I don't know if I made the conscious decision to finally let myself cum or if my body made it for me, but I was quickly approaching the point of no return. 

My breathing quickened, my left hand tightened around my nipple, twisting it hard. My fingers fluttered side to side on my clit as I grit my teeth to keep from screaming as my climax coursed through my body.

"Go ahead, let it happen," I heard Debi's voice beside me. 

I'd been so wrapped up in my own pleasure; Debi had woken up and was sitting beside me, watching me get myself off, while she too masturbated.

With that permission, I let myself go, moaning and tumbling into the most intense orgasm of my life. I could hear Debi, moaning as her own climax took her.

"Well, that was fun," I said after we caught our breath.

Another chaste kiss goodnight, we spooned together and quickly fell asleep. 

The only awkwardness felt the next morning was me being embarrassed by the severity of my hangover, spending the first part of the morning with my head in the toilet, while Debi was fresh as a daisy. 

So folks, that was my one foray into "The Pleasures of another Woman", and it's been fun telling you this, while Blake and I wait for Debi's flight to land. She's spending a couple of weeks with us while she gets over her year in hell going through a rather nasty divorce. According to her, the poor girl hasn't gotten laid in almost two years. I may have to hook her up with a friend of Blake's, who knows, I might even lend him to her.

TTFN

Gretchen