 I never thought of myself primarily as a "lesbian", but since I'm definitely into women, I was necessarily part of the gay/lesbian/bisexual/transgendered community. I don't have a problem with that, nor am I particularly proud of it. It just became part of my life, but I don't define myself through my sexual orientation, life's too varied for that.

However I needed some orientation in that environment first. Where I live there's no real "scene", the town is too small for that, which suits me just fine. I prefer driving to the next major city to get it out of my system there, without turning into the talk of the town right away.

One of my first discoveries were gay/lesbian burlesques. That sounds more boring than it is, because I found a small club where (among others) a small lesbian troupe was performing once a month, and they didn't disappoint. When I saw them the first time, I was curious about the large female proportion of the audience, and about seeing many of them dressed and made up even more colourful and exotic than the actresses. Aside from that, some also had no problem attending topless. All of that felt good to me.

The show itself was incredible. It was a mixture of theatre, variety show and cabaret, but definitely with pornographic overtones. Sex was not just a topic, sex was the theme of the show. Sex was content, form, expression and message of the show, and they neither held back on their mouths or pussies. 

As the performance went on, the actresses groped themselves and each other, kissed, showed more and more skin and got more and more daring, which left a profound effect on me. Obviously I wasn't the only one, because around me in the dark the audience was kissing and making out like there was no tomorrow.

The troupe itself consisted only out of about 6 actresses, out of which the most impressive was a slender, tall woman with short, snow white hair, which she had turned into a bowie-style haircut. She seemed to be about 30 years old, but her age was hard to estimate under all the make up and stage lighting, and I also had no clue if it was her natural colour or not. She looked impressive though and was absolutely not ashamed to show herself. In the play, they called her "Tessa".

At the high point of the show she was completely naked and was squirming on the stage, clearly making masturbatory gestures, while on opposite sides of the stage two other actresses stood and sang "won't nobody come to help?" The spotlights turned from the stage to the audience and back again. I looked around. The spectators all stared captivated at the stage where she now lay with her legs spread while her hand was rubbing across her pussy. Some audience members were playing with themselves, or with each other.

Suddenly, I got the message. My heart beat fast and wild, and my head felt light, but I began forging a path towards the stage and climbed up. I have no clue what got in me, but suddenly I felt represented in the play, understood, summoned, and besides that was curious, adventurous, nobody knew me there and if everything went to hell I would never need to come back again.

I stood on stage, in my red dress and sandals, while Tessa lay before me on the floor and looked up expectantly. With one hand she was caressing her breast, while the other was slowly circling her pussy. I let the halters of my dress slide off my shoulders and felt it slide down my body to the ground. Of course I wore nothing else, only the sandals, which I kicked off as well.

So I was naked and stood with my back to the crowd, looking down at her. She was beautiful, exotic, exceptional. She seemed smaller than when I saw her from the audience, but well proportioned. Her breasts were slightly smaller than mine, but she was also thinner and seemed more athletic. I knelt down and crawled across her on all fours, looking into her eyes. She smiled at me and moved her lips, but I couldn't hear anything. The ladies at the side of the stage continued with their song, and I kissed her nipples. They were hard, and tasted of salty sweat and something, that may have been makeup powder. They glimmered in the spotlight.

The spotlight itself was incredibly hot, so I got very warm very quick. She seemed to notice that I couldn't hear her, because she arched upwards and wrapped her arms around my neck, then whispered into my ear: "I love you." I felt my head swim. I didn't know if this was part of the play or not, and I didn't care. I felt accepted, loved, desired. I kissed her and she returned my kiss passionately. There was clapping from the audience, and cheers.

I reached for her tits and started rubbing them, while I slowly slid down her body. She was warm and sweaty, and smelled nicely of lotion, sweat and her own body. I finally arrived between her legs where I was greeted by short, black, neatly trimmed pubic hair. White was not her natural colour after all. Beneath, her labia shimmered wet.

She had a rather large, long pussy and I began by pulling it slightly open and kissing her right in the center. She was more aroused than I thought, and already very wet. I ran my tongue across her slit and closed my lips around it, as I tried to lick her nectar out. She tasted nice, almost unremarkable, very light and unobtrusive like pussy.

The audience got very quiet, and only now I realized that I knelt with my butt towards them, and everyone could probably see right into my pussy. At first I became nervous and embarrassed, but then the light headed feeling came back and the arousal, and so I reached between my legs with one hand and spread my pussy with my fingers. If they were looking at it, they should get a good look at it too.

Tessa squirmed some more and rubbed her tits. When I saw her lay there, I suddenly had an idea. I wrapped my legs around hers, so my pussy pointed towards her own. Then I moved my butt as close to hers as possible, until our twats were touching. I tried to rub my labia against hers, which she returned energetically. We slid across the stage floor, my redheaded pussy against her big, almost bald one, and must've been quite a sight. My red hairs made a nice contrast to her white ones, and our pussies complimented each other as well.

Rubbing labia against one another was not the most arousing experience I found out. You can hardly feel anything from it, and without additional stimulation it was not very exciting, but the sight was just too hot, and made me incredibly wet. Tessa seemed to feel the same and the thought of or snatch juices intermingling turned me on even more.

Suddenly I felt her fingers against my pubic hair, looking for my clit and starting to rub. She smiled at me and I reached between her legs in turn, and caressed her labia with my fingers, until I inserted one inside her. She moaned. We fingered each others muff and were both a little shy and insecure about how far we should go. After a while I felt her getting bolder, more demanding, pushing a second finger inside me and starting to seriously fuck me.

"So you want to really get it," I thought and started to give it to her likewise. First two fingers, then three and four I shoved up her big cunt, which she accepted excitedly and squirmed more and more wild, throwing her head around and becoming ecstatic. She let go of my pussy and crawled across me, making sure to keep my fingers inside herself as she got up and stood directly above me, with my fingers between her legs. She reached down and pulled her labia even wider while I fucked her from below. The audience screamed, she screamed back.

I squeezed my thumb between the other fingers and pushed as hard as I could upwards, feeling her hold against it. My hand disappeared slowly, centimetre by centimetre, inside her cunt while the audience yelled ecstatically. Finally I had it all inside her and fucked her as good as I could from down on the floor, while she screamed wildly obscenities into the audience: "Use the cunts! Let them run! Fuck yourself, you lesbian cows!" It was a glorious moment, watching her stand in the limelight like that, from below, with my hand in her twat as she proudly spread her legs and jerked off her clit. "Look at my cunt!" she yelled. "Look at me CUM!"

And she came indeed, her pussy contracting around my hand as she trembled. Two other actresses held her as she screamed her lust out into the world. I pulled back carefully and closed my eyes as I licked her juice off my fingers. I had no clue how to progress at this point, if it was still a play or what I was supposed to do now. Then I felt someone's hands on me.

They caressed my tits, my nipples, my belly, wandered up and down my legs. There were more and more hands, until I finally opened my eyes to see what was going on. Around me the other actresses knelt and caressed me, rubbing, letting their fingers run all over my body. Finally, one of them, a small, chubby, sweet looking brunette, reached between my legs and caressed my pussy. Another followed her and together they pushed their fingers in my wet hole and started fucking me, while the rest of them sucked my tits. 

I squirmed and arched from lust. My whole body was charged. Suddenly I, too, wanted everyone to see how I got fucked, and slowly sat up. Close by on the stage was a chair and I crawled towards id and sat down with my legs spread wide towards the audience. I slid down, until my pussy had reached the end of the chair. The actresses followed me and continued, while I could look into the audience. The spectators stared at me captivated. Many of them were almost naked now as well, at least topless, and I saw some of them sitting or standing there while they were masturbating shamelessly.

I had both of their fingers in my cunt again and started rubbing my clit. Suddenly, Tessa was behind me and caressed my face and throat while she whispered in my ear again: "You're beautiful and so hot. I love you. You fucked me like no other before. They all want you. They all want to see how you come, how beautiful you are when you come. They all want your cunt." Her words turned me on to no end and at the same time I felt warm and comforted. The two in front of me had now two fingers each in my cunt and fucked me relentlessly.

I stared into the audience. All those women were looking at me, they were my sisters, my lovers, my girlfriends, and I showed them something they could jerk off to. Now they wanted to see me cum. I felt it rise inside me, but I held it back for a little while as I rubbed my clit and got fucked. I wanted it to be so strong that I couldn't hold back any longer. For a moment it seemed to subside again, but then it came over me.

I screamed. No, I screeched, yelled, made brute noises as my body arched. I spread my legs as far as I could towards the audience and felt a wet stream shoot out of me. Some shrieked surprised while I sank down on the chair, my whole body feeling like jello. I shook and trembled uncontrollably while it continued to prattle out of me. Then everything was quiet, peaceful, calm. The audience cheered and applauded while Tessa knelt between my legs and licked my cunt juices. I sat there, in the spotlight, sweaty, exhausted, thoroughly fucked and terribly happy.

Finally another actress brought a thick robe for me and we bowed among standing ovations, and left the stage.