 "Hi, baby, Flame is my name, what's yours?" 

"My name is Doris, nice to meet you!" It was Saturday night so I must be in the 'Bad Girl Bar', because that's where I went every Saturday night! I sat next to Doris at the bar and bought her a drink. She was cute, white, and had brown hair and eyes. As we talked, I guessed that she was about 25 years old, 5'4" with small but perky breasts and the slit in her skirt revealed shapely legs. 

Noting that the bartender knew my name, Doris said, "You must come here often. It seems to be a popular place, this is my first time.

"That's why I've never seen you before! I'm here every Saturday night; I like the band and meeting sweet things like yourself." I liked the way she blushed, 'refreshing to meet someone that had not become hardened by the night life.'

The band played a slow song and we danced; I held her tight and could feel her body tremble. I was pleased to feel this little white girl melt in my black arms. As I held her tight, my black hand slid down to her shapely buttocks. Doris looked up at me with fear in her eyes. I was unaccustomed to that kind of reaction.

We returned to the bar and I asked her what was wrong. "This is all so new to me and I am quite nervous. Please, have patience with me!"

"I don't get it! What is new to you? Have you ever been with a black woman?"

Her pretty face was blushing again, as she said, "I've never been with a woman! I've thought about it, fantasized about it, and wanted to try, but have never been able to get up the nerve to do it!"

"Wow!!! I'm sorry but we are in a lesbian bar and I just took for granted that you were a lesbian! Then I thought that perhaps it was because I was black. Do you find me attractive?"

"Oh, yes, you are beautiful; I couldn't imagine anyone that I would rather be my first woman lover than you! I'm sorry; it's just that I am so aflutter. I am wet, just looking at you. I want you so bad, but I am scared!"

"I too am wet! Come home with me and let your desire overcome your fear. Don't worry, sweet thing, I will be gentle. You are in good hands!" I got her out of there as quickly as possible, we walked to my apartment. 

Sexy music was playing, drinks were served and we danced in each other's arms. I felt confident now that we were in the friendly confines of my home. We kissed, tenderly at first and then more passionately, out tongues entwined, my hand squeezed her buttocks. I felt her warm body pressing into mine. I dropped her skirt and slipped a finger under her panties and into her wet pussy. Doris was moaning in passion and lost in lust and I knew that she was mine!

I removed her top, brassiere, and her panties. She was sexy, in nothing but her stockings and high-heel shoes. Wanting to establish my dominance over the white bitch, I sternly told her, "Now take my clothes off, do it slow and let me see the yearning in your eyes when you look at my voluptuous ebony body." Her eyes were filled with desire as she nervously disrobed me. 

I kissed her neck, her perky little white tits and down her stomach to her thighs. My fingers explored her dripping honey hole! We were standing near a large mirror, I told her to look and observe the contrast of skin color, my big tits and her tiny tits and me towering over her at 5'11". I told her that opposites attract and make it so much more exciting.

I dropped to my knees and licked her moist pussy lips with my long serpentine like tongue. While flicking my tongue in and out of her pussy, I inserted three fingers in her horny hole and sucked on her stiff clit. With tongue and fingers, she was brought to a quaking and shaking orgasm.

I sat on the sofa and pulled her up on my lap. We kissed and I told her to taste her own pussy on my lips! Then I hand feed the sweet girl my huge ebony breasts and she nursed on them hungrily. I pushed her to her knees and told her to taste the chocolate treat between my long black legs. Doris kissed my thighs and slowly worked her way to my smoldering pussy! The white girl was kissing my pussy lips the same way she kissed my mouth! Then she began to French kiss my flooding cunt. I grabbed her hair and forced her face tight to my burning pussy and cried out, "Yes baby, that's it!! Stick your tongue as far up my love tunnel as you can. Suck my clit, oh, yes, look up at me while you suck my cunt, I want to see your eyes when I cum all over your sweet face. Lap up all of my cum, bitch, worship my black pussy!" Between me squeezing my long black legs around her head and pressing her face to my soaking cunt, the poor girl could hardly breathe, but she kept sucking my clit!! 

I picked her up and carried her to my bedroom, plopped her ass on the bed and lay next to her. I asked her, "Well sweetie, how did you like the taste of my black pussy? For your first time you did a good job. Tonight I will give you more practice and soon you will be a great little cunt lapper!"

"It was scrumptious; I love your black pussy and want to please you. It was even better than I thought that it would be!"

"Good girl! Now get between my legs and worship my pussy some more."

Doris eagerly licked the sopping black cunt to several orgasms. The white girl feasted on the luscious black cunt and lovingly licked up all of the love juice. She sniffed in the aroma of the aroused pussy and became beguiled. She licked and sucked the steaming pussy with fervor. 

I told her, "Very good, now I have a reward for you for being such a good little pussy licker!" I went to my closet and got out a 12" black dildo and strapped it on. I enjoyed the fear in her eyes as I spread her creamy legs wide! The big fat black dildo plowed deep into her pink slit and had her moaning and groaning in no time at all. Soon she wrapped her legs around my waist and her white feet rested on my black buttocks as I pounded the fuck out of her. I lost track of how many times the bitch climaxed! 

As I took off the dildo, my pussy twitched at the lewd sight of her stretched and leaking cunt! It was amazing, how the sweet young thing now looked like a total fuck-slut! She told me that she was divorced and offered to let me move in her house in the suburbs. I advised her to take it slow and just concentrate on becoming my obedient fuck-slut. I made it clear that if she wanted to feast on my delicious cunt that she would have to learn to obey my every command. "Yes, I will do anything you say, just let me please you!"

"Good girl, that's a fine start; now, get the fuck out of here and let me get some sleep, leave your number on the table and I will call you. I will wait awhile before I call you; I want the desire for my cunt to build until you can hardly stand it. I want you to crave my cunt so much that you will cum from just smelling it. Oh yeah, from now on you will address me as Mistress Flame, now go!"

"Yes Mistress Flame, I will be waiting for your call." After she left, I chuckled to myself thinking how easy she was. It was the best night of sex that I have had in a long time. I enjoyed my friends at the lesbian bar but realized that seducing straight women was much more exciting. I made up my mind to pursue, seduce and dominate straight white women. At thirty-two years old, I should be thinking of settling down like some of my friends, but to hell with that shit!!!

Sunday night I took my eye-catching ass to a trendy straight bar to see what I could get into. The place was packed, mostly couples, mostly white but there were some singles. I sat next to a 5'2" brunette, her tits were small but she wore no bra and I just loved her large brown nipples, they stood at attention from my gaze; I couldn't help but wonder what they would do at my touch. Then her husband returned from the restroom. 

We talked and they introduced themselves as Helen and Paul. They asked me how I got the name Flame. I got closer to her, looked her straight in the eyes and said, "My name is Flame because I am so fucking HOT! Maybe if you get too close to the Flame you will get burnt. Come on, Helen, dance with me." She started to make an excuse but her husband urged her to dance with me.

As we danced, I held her face to my big black boobs. Then I whispered in her ear, "You are one sexy little white bitch! I want to fuck you! Trust me baby, this Flame can light your fire!" She was embarrassed and told me that I was worse than her husband. When we got back to the bar, Paul told us that we made a beautiful couple? Then he shocked me by inviting me to their house for night-caps.

Once we were seated in their living room, the drinks flowed freely. I explained to them that I used to be a stripper but hit the lottery and retired young. Paul begged me to strip for them and I happily obliged. When I got down to my brassiere and panties, I took Helen's hand and urged her to strip too! She was very reluctant but Paul pushed her into my arms and asked me to show her how to strip. I held her petite frame to my seductive ebony body and unzipped her skirt. We were all feeling our drinks and Paul excitedly exclaimed, "Maybe my fantasies will finally come true!"

I said, "Tell me about your fantasies Paul. What is it that you desire?"

"I have always wanted to see Helen make love to another woman and something tells me that you are the one!"

"You got that right; I already told her that I want to fuck her. Tell us Helen; what do you think about all this? Have you ever made it with a woman? Are you ready for a night of sublime rapture? I can make your hot little volcano erupt, when I get through with you, your pussy will itch for me to scratch it again. You will be on your knees begging me to cum back again and again." I slipped two fingers under her thong and into her soaked slit! 

She wiggled and pushed back at my black fingers, I guess that answered my question. I sucked on her rubbery nipples and my long tongue licked down to her burning cunt! Her pink pussy was soaking wet and she shook to a violent orgasm when my long tongue probed her horny hole! Helen could hardly stand, so I laid her on the floor and straddled her sweet face and lowered my sopping black pussy to her waiting mouth. I fucked her face furiously; her tongue and nose were up my hot snatch! When I finally lifted my dripping pussy from her well fucked face, it was red from the friction and glistened from cum and pussy juice! 

I glanced over at Paul and his cock was out, his hand and pants were cum soaked! No need to ask him if he enjoyed the show. Before I left, Paul gave me their number and invited me to please come back soon. I helped Helen to her feet and asked, "What about you little girl; do you want me to come back and fuck you? Do you want to feast on my delicious black pussy again?"

"I...I guess so, if you want."

"Not good enough baby, I need more encouragement than that. Oh well, goodbye."

Before I got to the door she called out, "Yes, please come back; I want you to come anytime you want. I would love to be with you again!" I just smiled as I walked out the door. That was fantastic! The white bitches love my juicy black pussy, just as much as I loved them worshiping my cunt with their mouths and tongues!!!

I let a week go by and did not call Doris or Helen; I was tempted to make a call when a night on the town came up empty!! Hey, even Babe Ruth struck out sometimes. But I did not call them because I wanted them to miss me and build on their desire for me, but I was horny as hell.

I went to the gym to work off some steam. While lifting weights, my attention was drawn to an adorable blonde with big green eyes. She was struggling with her weights, so I went over to give her some assistance. I would rather give her something else!! Nothing like a good piece of ASSistance! I grabbed her bar and helped her lower the weights, making sure that she got a good look up my loose gym shorts. ¬

She thanked me and was out of breath. I suggested that we take a break and offered to buy her a drink at the juice bar. She had an adorable accent, her name was Susan and she was from Ireland. The 26 yr. old beauty explained that she was here on holiday visiting her married sister. 

The poor girl has never been out on the town. Her sister had four children and one of them was sick so they could not take her anywhere. I told her that it would be my pleasure to take her out for dinner and show her the town. She said that she couldn't let me do that but I talked her into it.

We had a divine dinner and I took her to the 'Bad Girl Bar', we sat at a booth and her big beautiful green-eyes were shining with the sights that she never had seen. We danced and the slender girl felt good in my arms. She was 5'8" and had 36 C breasts. I kissed her ear and neck, let my hand slide down to her shapely buttocks and looked into her eyes for her reaction. She appeared puzzled but did not say anything. Finally she asked, "Why are no men in here? Is this a lesbian bar? Are you a lesbian?"

"My, my, you are full of questions aren't you? The answer to all of your questions is 'yes'. If you are upset, we can leave and I will take you home."

"No, I'm not upset; we can still have fun but I want you to know that I am not a lesbian!" Susan loved the band and she sure did love to drink. We even danced to some fast music and she did know how to 'shake that thing!' I swear that she was teasing me when she rubbed her sexy body against mine. The more she drank the better my chances were to seduce sweet Susan! When the bar closed, we went to my place for more drinks; Susan wanted to party and I assured her that we could continue drinking and dancing at my place. Moisture formed in my pussy, I anticipated getting in her panties and seducing the sweet thing!

We stumbled in to my apartment and immediately opened a couple of beers. While sitting on the sofa, I accidentally on purpose spilled a beer all over her pink sundress!

I led her to my bedroom, told her to take off all of her clothes and I would wash them and gave her a flimsy black satin robe to wear. Her breast looked great on that slim body and the blonde hair on her pussy was a turn on for me. I explained that there was beer on my clothes too and would wash them with hers. I took my time putting on a white satin robe and noticed that she could not keep her eyes off of my ebony body! She stumbled and her black robe opened as I caught her. 

I looked in to her green eyes and could not resist kissing her. Our tongues were slapping each other! I squeezed a firm tit with one hand and with the other I slid two fingers into her soaking fuck hole! She pleaded, "No, please don't do this. I told you that I was not a lesbian. Please stop!"

"Susan girl, the lips on your mouth are telling me no, but the lips on your hot little cunt are screaming, 'YES!!!' Now which set of lips am I to believe?" I kissed her neck and worked my way down to her firm tits; I nibbled on her tiny nipples and sucked on them with vigor. I kissed and licked my way down to her sweet honey pot, I now had four fingers furiously pumping her hot little-hole as I kissed her thighs and smelled her aroused cunt, and she oozed love juice. Her sweet pussy was aflame, her face was flush and I knew that there was no way that she could turn back now. My little Wild Irish Rose was consumed with lust, passion and desire. This lovely flower was mine for the picking!!

Her long slender legs were wobbly and I feared that she would fall down. I guided my precious bundle of burning love to the bed. My lips meet her pussy lips, my long tongue invaded her flooded love tunnel and my fingers continued slipping and sliding in her soaked pussy! "She screamed out, "Ohhh..Nooo.. Please don't do this!! It's wrong, please stop!!"

Knowing damn well that she could not stop now; she was so close to orgasm, I removed my fingers from her blazing pussy and lifted my face from her soaked slit and told her, "Ok, that's it, if you don't want to cum, it's alright with me!! Fuck you bitch! Get dressed and I will drive your sorry-ass home!"

"But my dress is not washed yet. I want to stay with you but please, don't make me do this."

I smiled as I now completely understood her. Reading between the lines, it was obvious that she wanted to play but by having me 'make her have sex', she was relieved of all burdens of guilt. She wanted it but didn't want to feel guilty. Very well then, if she wanted to be dominated and forced to do things, she came to the right place!

I plunged right in and gobbled up her sweet pussy, I stirred her still waters and made them flow freely! Her smoldering slit dripped hot honey and it tasted luscious. My Irish Rose lost control and shook and quivered to a rocking orgasm. My fingers left her juicy cunt and poked their way up her tight ass-hole. Susan reached another intense orgasm and screamed out in sublime ecstasy!!!

Now it was time for me to dominate the white bitch and turn her into my submissive cunt-lapper!!! We snuggled and kissed; I wanted her to taste her own pussy! I roughly pushed her pretty face to my bosom and demanded that she suck on my big black tits. I could see the lust and desire in her beautiful green-eyes when she stared at my humongous ebony breasts. Her red lips kissed my black mountains lovingly; then she feverishly sucked my nipples, for a moment, I thought she was going to draw milk!

Then I pushed her down to my waiting pussy and spread my long black, beautiful legs wide for her. Susan breathed in the seductive scent of my hot pussy and the sweet bouquet mesmerized the girl. As if in a trance, her eyes stared at my fat pussy lips and her mouth opened wide when she watched my clit emerge and grow before her eyes. My pussy opened for her like a morning flower covered with dew!

Susan slowly licked my hungry cunt and was drooling! I grabbed a fistful of blonde hair and forced her face to my burning cunt. In an authoritative voice, I demanded, "Eat my black pussy, bitch, chew on my fat pussy lips, suck my clit like it was your boyfriend's little dick and wiggle your tongue all the way up my carnal canal! Stop trying to act like miss goody-goody and show me what a depraved, shameless little slut you really are!" Her tongue licked faster, she sucked my clit and ate my pussy with fervor!

"That's it bitch, lick up all of my pussy juice! Yesssss, suck that cunt.. Show your big black momma what a filthy, vile little white fuck-slut you are!!! Oh Susan, I'm going to cum all over your white face; gobble it all up, you greedy little pig!!! Oh shitttttt, here it comes, lick up every drop. I can feel it dripping down to my ass-hole, lick it out, Yesssss, eat my ass out, your big black momma is going to cum again!! Oh shit, you are a good little white girl; you have a mouth like a fucking vacuum cleaner!!!" 

I got out my 12" black dildo and strapped it on., spread her creamy legs and rammed it up her tight little white pussy. I could feel her cunt stretch, her eyes were rolling and she screamed out in rapture. I turned her oven and fucked her doggy-style. The beautiful blonde girl squealed like a stuffed pig and fucked back hard. I put two fingers in her ass and then with a sloshing sound, pulled out of her now sloppy cunt and fucked her ass!! Her pussy juices supplied all the lube that was necessary. 

At first, she cried out in agony. I pulled her blonde hair back and pumped her ass furiously; the pain gave way to pleasure and she humped her butt back at the big black invader!!! I wanted to demean her and tauntingly said, "That's it, you like that big black cock up your shitty ass, don't you slut? From now on, you are my bitch!!! You are a piece of worthless shit and you will obey my every command! Do you understand me? Address me as Mistress and I will call you my little white-fuck-slut! Is that clear?"

"Oh yes Mistress, I am yours and will do whatever you want me to do. I am your bitch and you are my black love goddess! Please keep fucking my ass, it feels so good! Oh my, I am going to cum again, Oh, oh, Yesssss!"
