 My name is Cynthia. 

At the time I was 34yo with two teenager kids and happily married to my only husband.

We lived at the last floor of an apartment building and shared a terrace with our neighbors.

A day in September kids were at school but the weather was fine so I went to the terrace for a bit of sun. 

I wanted to talk a little so I called my neighbor. 

"Hi Jane, I am on the terrace for a bit of sun. Do you want to come here and have a talk?" 

"Well, yes. My kids are at school too, I come". 

Five minutes later Jane was in the terrace. We started to talk in our bikinis. Family, kids, school, husband and so on. 

At 36 Jane was a bit older than me and we were really good friends. 

The weather was really fine and the sun was strong. Hot. Nobody could see us. 

At a certain moment we kept our tops off and tanned our naked boobs. 

Nothing special. I use to tan topless when nobody is around and Jane also. Being sure that no one could see us a few other times we sunbathed in the buff but we were good friends and confident enough in each other. We went to the gym together and sometimes to the beauty centre for massages and so on.

Jane had a strong complexion, a sort of a thick girl with a couple size over mine. By the way I was 5.7, brunette, green eyes and no more than 140 pounds.

We kept talking quietly with naked boobs. We also made comments. 

I had tiny tits with long nipples, Jane a couple of nice hangers, something like a 34d with a bit of sag. 

"Your nipples are very nice."

"Always hard. When I was younger their shape embarrassed me. Now I dare the braless look from a dress or two."

"I noticed. At the last party you caught many sights from the guys. Your nipples made an evidence on your top like little cocks."

Jane had always a rather explicit speech and I giggled at the comparison.

"Actually I dare the topless also in public."

"Really?"

"Yes, on the beach or on the boat when nobody is around."

"Have you ever been caught?"

"A few times on the beach and last Sunday a boat came really near us in a small inlet."

"Didn't you cover?"

"I didn't made a single move. Not big deal. I was upset with my husband and deliberately showed off."

We remained silent a moment then Jane playfully said.

"I'm sure my husband would like to see your little titties. He always says mine are on the saggy way." 

"Ok, take him with you next time, but don't say to my husband. He is so jealous..." I joked. 

We burst in laughter. 

"You silly." 

The sun was really hot and five minutes later we shad also our panties and lay naked on the sun bed. 

We also made comments. 

I have a smooth little pussy and Jane a rather fat one with prominent vaginal lips. 

We made comments about the preferred method to keep them hairless.

Pulsed light hair removal for me and waxing for Jane.

Her vaginal lips were totally smooth so I asked her if she doesn't feel pain being waxed there and she said a little especially on the first times but she was so happy with the results.

"My husband is like a boy in a candy shop at licking it smooth and not only him..." she giggled.

"Who else?" I asked her being rather curious, but Jane remained silent and I didn't insist.

The sun was really bright and Jane offered to pass me oil. 

Her hands ran on my body caressing and oiling. 

My shoulders, my arms, my legs, my tummy. Even my breasts and my nipples. 

Very pleasurable. Oiling my breasts she stirred my nipples making them erect and pressed a knee between my legs. I made her place.

"Are you ok girl?" 

"Yes I am". 

In a minute or two she lowered her mouth and started to lick my wet pussy. I came quickly and a little orgasm shook my body. 

"Next time is to you," Jane said coming back to her place. 

In disbelieve I looked at her naked ass while she walked back to her house. 

I remained excited all the day and in the afternoon I masturbated silly in the jacuzzi. Later in bed I searched for my husband's embrace and fucked him for one of our best fuck ever.

For two or three days I thought on what happened. All had been so easy, and Jane's action on me so pleasurable. I had suspicions of course and I called myself stupid but sexual pleasure is like a mild snake biting your ankles.

Two or three other days passed by and Jane called me.

Kids were at school, our husbands were at work and the sun was bright again.

If we bumped into each other casually like always I acted shy in those days not over passing the usual hello.

"Hi baby, how about a bit of sun on the terrace?"

"Hi Jane, I have to go to the supermarket. I'm sorry..." I lied.

"O come on! I also have to go to the supermarket. We can sunbathe a little before to go to the supermarket together. We have the time..."

"Ok, good idea. Five minutes..."

Five minutes later Jane and I were on the terrace.

Jane made comments about the other day and asked me what I thought about what had happened.

"Are you alright?"

"Yes, but we have been mad."

"Did I make you feel good?"

"Yes, but we don't have to do it again."

"You were soaking wet, baby"

"I can't say no. You are so good at massage."

"Let's go inside. We have the time for a shower before to go to the supermarket."

I didn't object and followed her to her house.

We showered in the main bathroom. Jane soaped my body and rinsed me. Then she closed the water and fingered my pussy having me moan. We kissed for a while with her fingers roaming down below my twat. 

When we broke the kiss she told me, "Touch me, it's easy."

I touched her boobs then my hand ran down her tummy caressing and shuffling.

"Go down with your fingers," Jane told me.

Her clit was raised, like a pearl nestled in the folds of a fat oyster. I stirred it with my fingertips then I put a finger inside. All the length inside her pussy. Jane moaned. I don't' know why but at this point I knelt in front of her and started to lick her pussy cupping her ass cheeks. A big orgasm shook her body.

"Ok, baby, time is to go to the supermarket," she said one moment later.

Getting dressed she took from a drawer two little spheres linked by a string. 

"Do you know them?" she asked me smiling.

"I never used them," I told her being still naked.

"Kneel on the bed, baby."

I obeyed exposing my ass and my lower parts to her. She inserted the little balls in my vagina stirring my clit for a while and also licking my puckered anus.

"O Jane, you naughty" I whispered like mesmerized.

"Your ass-hole is a delicious dish, baby. Let's go to the supermarket.

Walking by the store I felt the balls moving and messing inside my vagina.

"Do you feel good?" Jane asked me at a certain moment.

"Yes, but I fear they come out."

"No problem. Clamp them with your muscles."

"I am so embarrassed, Jane."

"Nobody can see. You have your panties on never the less."

At a certain moment an orgasm shook my body. It started from deep inside my vagina and abruptly went up my body. I had to stop as Jane looked at me and smiled.

"I know they are terrific."

At home we had five minutes again. She helped me with the shopping bags and invited me by her again.

In her bedroom we got undressed again and she threw the spheres out my vagina then she licked me.

This way we started our erotic liaison. 

Not a real lesbian affair but a strong intimate friendship with a lot of tenderness. 

Of course sex was implied. 

For the first time I was intimate with another woman but not Jane and she learned me a lot of things.

A day I passed by her to say hi. Jane and I sat on the larger sofa and it did not take long for us to start kissing. I love kissing and being kissed. While kissing me Jane started to run her hands on my back and on my tits. We had a brief stop to undress then we started more kissing in the nude and my nipples were so hard. Jane seemed to have a thing with my pear-shaped boobs and I led her play a bit with them, but she laid me on the sofa and started eating me out like she has done other times. She said I was so wet and taste so good more than any other girl he had been with since then. I giggled and said I was honoured. We were hilarious and playful.

At a certain moment Jane told me, "do you want to try something to remember, Cynthia?"

"Of course, lover." I always called Jane my lover, half joking, half being serious.

She went to her room and came back with a very big double-size dildo.

"Have you ever tried this?"

"No."

"Ok."

I looked at her opening her vagina and insert the big dildo inside. It was so big that her vaginal lips stretched and she moaned. Her hand went up and down a few times stroking the dildo like a real cock then she said, "ok, it is all inside", and fixed the girdles at her hips.

Quietly she invited me to climb on top of the sofa. Jane was she dominant one between us and I gladly obliged. 

I provoked her like a little slut climbing on the sofa and leaning against the edge with my back to her showing her pussy from behind. 

"O-o-o-h-h." I couldn't mask the little swooshing sound that came out of me when she touched my clit but I immediately pushed forward against her finger beginning a slow undulation. I just closed my eyes as she entered me with the big dildo. Absorbing the sensation of the moment I thought at a little story that my cousin told me about her making out with another girl at college. Not that I was so candid with sex but her tale surprised me times ago and now I was even naughtier than her as another woman was fucking me with a dildo bigger than any other cock. Jane's action lasted long, fifteen, twenty minutes or so. She grabbed me tight holding me by my hips and fucking me hard, but she also moaned under dildo backing up her vagina. This was so exciting for me that I exploded into an amazing orgasm. Jane continued to fuck me for a moment or two and she came pressing her breasts against my back.

This was our little secret and no one found out.