 Then, with no warning, Victoria asked me the most shocking, extraordinary and unexpected question of my life.

"Erm...there was something I was going to ask you, Beth. I'm going to join Nicola in bed in a moment. Would you, er...would you like to join us?"

It is fair to say her words did not really sink in at first. I stood there slack-jawed, dumbstruck.

"If not, we won't be offended. Maybe it's not your thing. But, well - Nicola and I just really fancied the idea of a threesome. And we thought of you."

I must have worn an extraordinary expression on my face. Of frozen, awestruck, incredulity. But Nicola continued, jauntily.

"Thing is - we have so much great sex, it kind of feels wrong that you're missing out. And, you're really cute, you know. We both rather fancy you. You will *grace* our bed, Beth!"

I simply could not believe it. The offer was incredibly seductive and utterly repulsive at the same time. What did they want to do with me? Were they perverts? And did I really want their charity sex? 

"Umm...I'm really not sure..." I stammered.

"Oh come on -- you'll love it!," said Victoria, and the sincerity of her manner reassured me. I could take the astonishing proposal at face value. "Listen. Would you rather be fucking *us*, or masturbating in the next room?" My face reddened -- surely she didn't know? "For one thing, you'll really enjoy Nicola. She is a wonderful lover. So joyful, so sensitive. You will come, Beth, like you never have before."

My mind reeled - I could hardly take in what she saying, it seemed unbelievable. The frankness of her sexual language was extraordinary. But as her meaning slowly sank in, and I could absorb the proposal sexually, I simply flooded with arousal, and need. And despite the fact that everything about the idea seemed wrong in principle. It was so sordid. And consequently, irresistibly sexy. My brain said 'no'. But my heart, and libido, had other ideas. 

"But you've never thought of me that way, have you?," I asked.

"Yes, I have. You're so shy sometimes, though, which is really sweet, and sometimes I'm lazy and selfish and lose patience with shy people, which is probably why we didn't click that way. But isn't it a bit ridiculous, and funny, and really very sexy, that here we are, two women who both like sleeping with other women, living together, who haven't even seen each other naked - like we're nuns, or homophobic men? We should have made love months ago."

"It is funny, you're right!" I smiled.

"But let's just be honest -- although it'll sound very crude. I'm feeling very sexually aroused right now, and so is Nicola, and so, I'm sure, are you. I have never seen you naked before. I want to see you naked now. I want to see your tits and your cunt. I think you want to see my tits and my cunt. I want to fuck you. I really, really want to fuck you. And you want to fuck me too."

Her choice of words was too erotic in intent for me to be shocked at her crudeness. And with those words, Victoria took me into her arms, brought her face to mine, and gently slid her tongue into my mouth. Her soft lips felt so lovely on mine that I couldn't help but melt meekly into her arms, overcome by the unforgettable developments of the last ten minutes. We shared a long, tender, exquisite kiss, the kind I hadn't experienced for years. 

"Oh Beth, you're such a darling!" sighed Victoria. I loved the feel of her hands, which were now on my breasts. "Don't worry -- Nicola and I are going to ease all that horrid sexual tension right out of you. It's been a while, hasn't it? How long, if you don't mind me asking?"

"About eighteen months," I admitted, sheepishly, but still hardly believing that my fantasy from last night was about to come true. 

"That is a while, you poor thing. But that eighteen months is going to end very soon. Come on, let's go to Nicola."

Victoria took my hand, and I followed her nervously into the room. I was insane with lust, disbelief, apprehension - and excitement. Nicola was clearly expecting us. She was lying on the bed completely naked, with her legs wide apart. She smiled, enjoying putting on a show for me. I hadn't seen a woman in the nude for so long. I drank in the sheer womanly magnificence of her, from her awesome breasts to her beautifully hairy pussy. Nicola had a forest between her legs, and I loved it.

"Now Beth, do you understand why I've spent so much time in here with Nicola recently!" smiled Victoria.

"She's amazing", I whispered. "You're amazing", I said to Nicola, correcting myself.

"I'm so glad you want to do this", Nicola said to me softly. "We were really hoping you would - you won't regret it."

Still slightly in a daze, I went to her, and we kissed, our tongues caressing juicily, until Victoria spoke.

"Come here, honey. Let me undress you."

By now I was beginning that this was acually happening, and not a dream, and suddenly it felt rather weird. For months my flatmate and I had confined our joint activities to splitting the gas bill; now we were removing each other's clothes, as if it were a perfectly normal thing to do. But it also made me pant with arousal. I was a little self-conscious when Victoria took off my bra, and I stood there, stupidly, with the two of them looking at my tits. Even more so when she pulled down my knickers to expose the silly big mat of fur between my legs. Far more pleasurable was to release Victoria from her own bra, and discover that her breasts were firm and ripe and so much bigger than I expected. And then to carefully pull down her pants to expose her sexy bush. I'd often secretly wondered what colour her pubic hair was -- it was ginger, and gorgeous.

My flatmate and I were now nude together, and again, it felt at the same time both bizarre, and the most natural thing in the world. We embraced, and I shivered at the delicious, almost forgotten, touch of another woman's skin against mine, our breasts pushing together.

"Beth - what do you have to be shy about? Your breasts are...magnificent. And I *love* these", Victoria said, caressing my nipples. "You don't know just how sexy you really are. You know what? You have a really beautiful cunt." I blushed inwardly, still taken aback at her brazeness, but oddly flattered, too

Nicola had quietly moved off the bed. I took her place as Victoria gently pushed me towards it, and down on to my back. We had an unspoken understanding of what we were about to do, as - almost as if I were on auto-pilot - I opened my legs, and let Victoria mount me.

"Beth, baby. After all this time, will you finally let me fuck you?"

"Yes. Fuck me, Victoria." 

I will never satisfactorily convey quite how it felt when Victoria's vagina met mine. How can I describe the sensation of our breasts pushing together, of her hands on my face, her sweet breath in my mouth and ear? What words can I use for the joy of letting my hands caress her smooth skin before resting on her buttocks, as I gently pushed her into me? No third party could quite imagine how Victoria's cunt opened up to envelop mine, as my flatmate lovingly drove her clitoris between my parted labia. 

"Oh my goodness", she said. "You're good, you're amazing." Her breath was short and her eyes were wild; she was genuinely really turned on by having me. I could only whimper in reply. Only twenty four hours ago I was wanking over Victoria; now she was pumping her arse up and down between my spreadeagled legs as she fucked me furiously.

When we came, I think the best thing was the dreamy expression in Victoria's eyes as she was coming. Or was it the feeling of the most heavenly, definitive, and craved for orgasm bringing sheer relief to my vagina? Or perhaps the experience of my flatmate and I, platonic friends till now, sharing a serene female climax with each other? Or just the knowledge that Victoria had fucked me. I'm still not quite sure.

We lay in an embrace for a minute or two afterwards. I was enjoying having Victoria's sweaty, still panting, body lying on me, and I was in no hurry for her to move. So many different emotions were commingling in my mind. The euphoria of my orgasm, the bliss of the afterglow, together with my self-conciousness about the very unusual situation I was now in, and the earlier sense of shock dissolving into the sober realisation that I had actually, really, however unexpectedly, just had sex with Victoria.

We exchanged a couple of soft kisses, and then cuddled for a little while, bathing in the afterglow. I felt cleansed, refreshed, reborn. At length, we unclasped, Victoria finally rising from between my legs. Nicola joined us on the bed, sliding in between us, and thrilling me with the spongy feel of her breasts touching mine. We each lit a cigarette, and lay there as we smoked, in comfortable silence, naked and langorous together.

"It was lovely watching you," said Nicola. "Watching my girlfriend make love to another woman...so sexy. It looked like you both really enjoyed it."

"Mmm...it was so good", sighed Victoria. "You're a great fuck, Beth. I orgasmed *really* hard!"

"I could tell!", giggled Nicola. "You were very noisy! It looked like you enjoyed your orgasm too, Beth - you had this gorgeous expression on your face when you came."

"Yes. It was...so lovely. Amazing." 

Nicola's eyes caught mine, and we exchanged an erotically charged look. Emboldened, and already feeling aroused again, I was inspired with the confidence to now take Nicola into my arms, and kiss her once more. I wanted her, her curves and sensuousness, as much as I'd wanted Victoria.

"Can I go down on you?" I asked, hardly believing I'd just blurted out something so assertive.

"Oh Beth, baby! Please do! I really need to come myself now."

I started at her wonderful breasts, lifting them to appreciate their weight, then kissing them all over and running my tongue along the undersides. I suckled her, exalting in the feel of her nipples between my lips. I'm just the kind of woman who really loves other women's nipples. I moved further down, so my head was between her wide open legs, surveying the beauty between them. Her cunt was really smelly, in a nice way - something I always enjoy. Nicola's large clitoris stared at me from between her already parted labia, a sliver of pink in the dark expanse of her luxuriously moist pubic hair. Her genitals were preparing for the sex I was about to give her, and Nicola was so wet I could see the droplets of juice sparkling on individual hairs. It was awesome.

I slid my tongue as far into Nicola's vagina as I could, thrilling at being inside this beautiful, sexy woman. Her taste flooded my senses -- that unique womanly flavour I hadn't experienced for so long. I explored her delicate folds, deeply aroused by the way her clitoris throbbed between my lips.

"She's good, Vix. Oh god, she's very, very good", moaned Nicola to her girlfriend.

"I'm glad. It's amazing watching this -- seeing my shy little flatmate lick my girlfriend's cunt. Such a turn on."

As I revelled in Nicola, Victoria came to the head of the bed and leant down to kiss her girlfriend. Victoria's breasts swung heavily beneath her. Suddenly, stupidly, I was jealous of the way they gave each other pleasure. I wanted it to be me who made Nicola moan, and so I reached up to grasp her own breasts, caressing the nipples as I drove my face even more firmly into her cunt. My tongue danced and swam inside her as I licked every inch of her vaginal walls.

"Beth...", said Victoria.

"Mmnn...", I replied through a mouthful of Nicola's pubes.

"Nicola's about to have her orgasm. When she does, move your head away slightly. Let her come over your face."

I replaced my tongue with a finger on her clitoris, and drew back to witness the epic beauty of Nicola's orgasm. She screamed and gasped with the same intensity I'd heard so many times though the walls, but *this* time I could watch it too -- could see the way her face contorted with pleasure, and how her tits bounced and shook, while her back arched in unadulterated bliss. Unlike when I'd just been *listening* to her come, now I could feel it on my fingers, each fierce spasm of this woman's glorious orgasm. 

And then the thrill became more exotic still. With perfect timing, Nicola reached down with her fingers to part her labia, allowing her to triumphantly spray a fountain of come from her vagina onto my face. I was transfixed: at the unforgettable sight of Nicola ejaculating, so powerfully and joyously - by the thick jets of fluid spurting endlessly from her cunt. Her come went everywhere -- into my nostrils, my mouth, even my eyes, and down over my neck and breasts.

"Just enjoy", said Victoria. "Nicola wants to wash you with her come. Isn't it wonderful?"

The cool but exciting sensation of her ejaculate on my skin; the pungently female taste of it on my tongue; the knowledge that this had come out of her sex, for me; all were extraordinary to experience.

When she was finally spent, Nicola leant up and pulled me towards her for a long, sensual thank-you kiss. Our wet bodies embraced, stickily.

"Thank you Beth", she said, before sliding her tongue back into my mouth for another kiss. "That was really lovely." We stayed together, cuddling, for a few minutes. I was enjoying being wrapped in her arms almost as much as I'd enjoyed the sex. It had been so long since I'd experienced the serene cosiness of being naked and entwined with a lover. I let my face, still moist from her come, sink into the vast softness of Nicola's breasts. Then I lost myself again in the beauty of Nicola's mouth, and the feel of her caressing hands on my breasts. I ran my fingers through her hair and stroked her generous buttocks, losing myself in her curves, savouring the warm, wet, smell of her body.

Too soon, we broke the embrace. The blissful moments of intimacy with her were over, it seemed. As we peeled apart, Beth gawped at our bodies, still glistening from Nicola's come.

Sensing a slight change in mood, I popped to the loo, and when I returned just a few minutes later, the other two women were in each other's arms, lovingly gazing into each other's eyes.

Nicola smiled and whispered in her girlfriend's ear. Victoria giggled in reply, before kissing her again gently and running her fingers over Nicola's erect left nipple. They exchanged a few sweet nothings, clearly lost in love for each other. "Beth..." Victoria said. "Nicola and I would like to spend some time with each other now -- do you mind?". Suddenly, I felt a gooseberry all over again. Flushed with embarrassment, I rose, making to leave the room, and stuttered "erm, no, of course not, I'll leave you to it. Of course. Sorry."

But as it transpired, the night still had a couple more unforgettable experiences in store.