 Flight Attendance Part 2 - Lay Over

“Due to a minor technical issue, we regret to inform you that this plane will be grounded for at least seven hours in Singapore while a full check is made, and if necessary a new plane allocated for the onward flight to Sydney.”

This announcement was made after we had successfully landed in Singapore, before disembarkation. I reached for the seat-phone and made a call to Lin, who reminded me of the excellent stopover facilities available at Singapore Changi airport – transit hotel, pool, massage centre, gym. I told her I wished she was here to enjoy it with me, and hinted that I had a very surprising, and sexy, story to tell her about when I returned. “Mmmmm” Lin murmured into my ear, “I do hope you have been managing to enjoy your flight so far!” Damn, that woman was hot for sex, and hot for me to enjoy whatever opportunities presented themselves!

As I left the plane, Gloria was bidding the usual ‘sincere’ farewell to passengers. I was the third person off, after the couple in Row 1. Gloria gave me a huge wink and bade me farewell, hoping I had had an enjoyable flight and that the flight would not be delayed for too long.  

I found the transit hotel without any trouble, and after checking in and a shower, decided to have an in-room massage before grabbing some rest. A message phoned through informed me that the delay was likely to be at least twelve hours. 

I was laying face down, naked, on the bed when the knock of the masseuse came at the door. “Come in”, I called, not looking up. I was so drowsy I didn’t stir as the masseuse set up her oils and laid out a towel. I had expected to be asked to move onto a portable massage table, but instead, she knelt at the end of the bed and took one foot between her hands and started from there. The foot massage was so relaxing that I momentarily dropped of to sleep; next thing I knew, she was gently pushing my legs apart and starting to apply pressure along my upper legs, moving closer to my ass and inner thighs. 

“Wow!” My as yet unseen angel had the most gentle, yet firm hands I had ever known! I was conscious that moisture was starting to bead in my bush, and I was feeling very aroused. Then, in one move, my masseuse pushed her open hand underneath me, cupped my mound, and honed in on my clit! It was electrifying, and I let out a low moan of pleasure. 

“Honey”, purred a familiar voice, “Welcome to Singapore!” 

My eyes shot open, and I turned my head, to see Gloria! I gasped and then laughed. “How…? What…?”

“I was saying hello to my friend Song-li at reception when she took your booking for a massage. It was a simple matter to slip the masseuse a few dollars more than her charges and take her place. I was hoping we might be able to …”

“Finish what we began?” I asked, turning over and propping myself up on one elbow, and running my other hand across my tits, and taking one nipple and pinching. 

“Well, more like fuck each other senseless!” As she said that, Gloria caught my wandering hand in one of hers, and placed her other hand between my snatch.

Gone was any sense of tiredness I might have had. My nipples stood erect, and a shooting wave of arousal pulsed through my clit and reverberated around my box. Even my sphincter muscles tensed and joined in the throb of desire.

Gloria was a tall and statuesque woman, with exceptionally shapely legs, a tight arse and small, but well-defined breasts. She wore an airline uniform, but had changed from the slim black skirt and tight French navy micro-wool fibre top of the female cabin crew into the black suit of her male colleagues! The single-breasted jacket was worn buttoned, but without a shirt, so that her beautiful creamy breasts were exposed as she leaned forward. Her hair was short, well-groomed and dyed brilliantine black, with magenta tips. Before coming to my room she had slicked it back with wet-look gloss. How handsome she would looked – the perfect dyke! 

The first thing I did was unbutton her tuxedo-like jacket and push it apart to fully expose her gorgeous tits. How wet I became anticipating gorging on them. I imagined long hours of sucking, licking, flicking and lapping at those beautiful orbs, much less anything else!

Gloria reached into a pocket and drew out two small gold barbells – nipple jewellery. “Can’t wear these in flight – company regulations. They’d show up under the tight top.” She placed them in my open hand. “ Did once, and was grounded without pay or a week. Fortunately the Bitch who dared me to wear them owned up and she was suspended too. We spent a happy week in Paris together!” 

I sat up and eased the jacket off her altogether, then, facing her on the bed, played with both her nipples. I took one in my mouth and sucked it out loooooong, pursing my lips and dragging them along it. With one hand I twisted and tweaked the other. Then I took one nipple between my fingers and eased a barbell through the holes in the back of her nip, closed it, and repeated the procedure with her other tit. I then played with them both, dancing the fingers of both hands around her nips, pulling the little rods and then, leaning forward, taking them one at a time between my teeth. With both hands I managed to push her tits close enough together to be able to take both into my mouth at once and begin to pull with my teeth.

Gloria let out a long and loud moan, and squirmed on the bed. I imagined her trousers were getting VERY wet, so I reached down to the fly zip and undid it. She wasn’t wearing any panties, so I was able to ease my hand in and cup her mound, then start to stroke her slit and clit with two fingers. My fingers were very wet as a result, and I could smell her sex-drenched aroma. And that wasn’t all! She had small rings pierced along her labial lips and through her clit hood!  Oh, gawd, I just adore piercings. I played with them, putting my little finger into each by turn and tugging gently. This released more wetness from her – she was slick and as wet as can be!

I moved and pushed her fully on to the bed, then unbuttoned her waist band, and, standing at her feet, pulled her trousers down and off. Gloria now matched my nakedness. She reached her hands up and pulled me by the tits on top of her. Then she flipped me over onto my back and lay on top of me. You can’t keep a Butch down for long! Propping herself up on her hands, she allowed her tits to rub mine, and ground her mound against mine. 

We kissed then. For a very long time. Our tongues played with each other’s. We panted and gasped for breath. “WoW!” I exclaimed. “I haven’t had a kiss like that for a month!” 

“Thought so” she replied “You were pretty desperate back there in the plane! Frigging yourself, desperate to be eaten. Didn’t the London girls look after you?”

“Oh, they were fine. But I was thinking of my Butch at home. And the stories I have to tell her!”

“What were you doing in London”.

“I’m managing director and major shareholder in a sex toys and erotic stimulants company. I travel regularly attending Orgy Conferences, and addressing seminars on matters such as putting fun back into your relationship. Lesbians only. I make a shit load of money for being a purveyor of sleaze – a slut, if you like!” 

“And your Butch?”

“She hates flying. She owns a club, lesbian bathhouse and dungeon in Sydney. She travels vicariously, and loves to hear all about my sexploits.”

“Mmmmmm, well let’s make sure there’s plenty to tell her about your Lay Over!”

With that, Gloria started to lick down my body, starting by nibbling around my collar bone, moving down to my tits, taking their large areolas deep into her mouth by turn, and alternatively squeezing and caressing the other as she did. She then traced her tongue down around my belly button, probed it a while, flicking the ring she found there, then dived into my muff. Once again I experienced a short intake of breath as she found my hood, pushed it back with her teeth and lips, and sucked my raw and exposed bud. It had been a slow build-up, but once she started on my pip, I came in a flash. I bucked and shuddered and gushed on her face. 

“Enough foreplay”, Gloria announced. She reached down towards her massage bag by the side of the bed and pulled out –

“One of mine!” I exclaimed … “that’s one of mine!

It was a leather harness, with a long dildo sticking out in front, curving slightly upwards. On the inner side of the harness was a 2 inch nub, which when she slipped into the harness, penetrated her own cunt. 

Gloria stood proud at the end of the bed. “Right, bitch – onto the floor on all fours!” she ordered. I complied with a meek, yet happy “Yes, Mistress!”

“Good, Bitch, you understand the rules”. Just to make sure, she gave me a stinging slap on my arse as I raised it in the air. As she did so, I farted and she bent forward to smell it. “Filthy bitch!”. She slapped me again on the other cheek, and scratched her fingernails across both cheeks. She then parted my cheeks, and drawing from her bag a tube of lube, massaged her finger into my puckered hole. Meeting a slight resistance at first, she then twisted past it and plunged her finger back and forth in my butt. I pushed backwards against her, loving this rougher play. 

Eventually, she withdrew her finger and plunged back into her bag to produce a butt plug, with which she filled me. “On you back, bitch” she ordered, and I turned over. “Legs as far apart as they will go, and up in the air!” Once again – “Yes, Mistress, Sir!”

Without hesitating, she pushed my cunt lips apart and plunged in with the girlcock, and started forcefully pushing it in and out my gaping, wet hole. I looked up and could see that her tits were flushed red, nipples hard and puckered as giant walnuts. Her head was thrown back, and moving back and forth in time with the rhythm of her fucking. The slick strands of longer hair on top were flopping over her forehead. I was lost in complete ecstasy, screaming with each thrust, not far away from cumming very, very hard. 

We were beside the telephone. “Ring your Bitch in Sydney” she ordered “and put it on hands free speaker. Don’t talk.”

The mere thought sent me wilder, and she handed me the phone. I managed to place a direct dial call, the anticipation allowing me the sensibility to achieve that feat where otherwise I would have been a helpless mess! It was answered on the second ring. This was going to be a whole new phone sex experience for Lin and me – we had never experienced this before! 

To be continued. . .