 Hi, I'm Marquee, and do I have a fuckin story to tell. Okay so let me start this off by saying that, number 1; I came out as bi about 4 years ago, and number 2; I'm a total pillow princess and I LOVE being dominated and non-consent situations. 

So I was a counselor at a summer camp this past July, and I was just getting out of the showers when 2 other counselors who had been giving me shit all summer walked up. You probably want a visual so here; Willow is the main instigator. Shes about 5'6, Indian, and the biggest bitch you'll ever meet. She's wearing black volleyball shorts and a black tank top. Olive is 5'11", you can see her (many, MANY) curves in her pink velvet shorts and crop top, with darker skin and a bun. I guess I should probably describe myself too. I'm 5'8"-ish, red hair, I have like no tits (seriously, I'm only a B cup, and that's on a good day), and freckles everywhere. Oh, and I'm only wearing A FUCKING TOWEL! 

So I've just finished my shower, and I haven't had a chance to uh, let lose all summer, so I was a little wet I guess. By the way, all the counselors shower late at night, so the campers were asleep.

Anyway, willow walks up to me and basically tells me that I have to get out right now, "or else". So naturally I say, "Fuck off, willow." She loses her mind and olive has to calm her down, all while giving me the death stare, of course. I decide to take my sweet time gathering my stuff and when I bend down, my towel rises a little and I'm pretty sure I gave olive and willow a full view of my (more than a little wet) pussy. Oops. I stand up, finally ready to leave, and start walking to the door. Willow had other plans. She shoves me hard against the wall of the shower. 

"Hold up, Marquee" says willow. Then she reaches down under my towel and sticks a finger right into my pussy. 

"Wait what the fuck are you doing??" I say, a little too loudly. 

"Just relax" Olive pipes in.

"Is this for us?" Willow holds up one (very wet) finger. 

"Don't flatter yourself" I snap. Or I try to snap, but willow cuts me off with a kiss. What. The. Fuck. I tried to push her off, but that just ends up in Willow grabbing my hands and pinning them above my head. She shoves her tongue into my mouth, and gestures for olive to come over. Olive grabs my tit, and willow ends the kiss by biting my lip. 

"There. Now check." Says Willow. Olive sticks her hand under my towel (a little rougher than Willow did) and brings her fingers up to inspect. 

"Holy fuck, she's dripping." Olive starts to lick her fingers clean. 

"That doesn't prove anything other than that I'm a kinky fuck" I spit back. I still have Willow's chapstick all over my mouth. 

"Grab the string from her laundry bag." Willow says to Olive. Then she starts to tie my hands around the shower head. Fuck. My feet are barely touching the ground. I have to admit, though, I am kind of enjoying this. Kind of. Willow's hand slips back down to my clit. Olive goes back to my boobs. She starts playing with my nipples over my towel. 

"You fucking pervs" I mean it as an insult, but since I moan in the middle of it, it doesn't really pack the punch that I want it to. In my defense, i just got a finger stuck in my pussy. Fuck I can't stop moaning. 

"Olive you brought it, right?" Says willow. 

"Brought what??" I ask, with a little bit of fear in my voice. Olive ignores me. 

"Yeah, it's in my suitcase." 

"Be a dear and go grab it." Says Willow, while she slowly starts to take off my towel. I'm naked now, and it's just Willow and me. She starts tracing her fingers down my thighs. 

"God stop teasing me." It slips out before I can stop it. Willow laughs. 

"Wow, somebody's eager." 

"Shut up." I say. Willow digs her fingers into my thighs in response. It kind of hurts. Then she picks my legs up and puts them up on her shoulders. Holy fuck, she's stronger then she looks. I'm now completely supported by the shower head and Willow's tiny body. Her face is inches from my dripping pussy. I can't help it, I shove my hips towards her face. She laughs again. 

"I can stop if you want me to. Just say the word. " Willow says with a smirk. 

"No, no. Please just lick my pussy, I'll do anything!" I've given up on resisting. 

"You asked for it." She says, smugly. Then she completely buries her face in between my legs. Oh my god. How much practice has she had in giving head? She's going to town on my clit, all while finger fucking me. I'm being too loud and I know it. And I'm on the verge of cumming when Olive comes back 5 minutes later with a drawstring bag in hand. She walks up to us right as Willow starts to stick her tongue in my pussy. Olive opens the bag and pulls out a vibrator. Fuck that thing has gotta be like 10 inches. Willow pulls back. Damn it I was about to cum. I whimper in spite of myself. 

"Do you think she'll squirt if I stick it all the way in?" Willow laughs. 

"Let me." Says Olive. They switch positions so that Olive is holding me up by pinning me between the wall and her own body. She's so tall that we're almost face to face. She reaches up to kiss me, and right as I stick my tongue in her mouth, she sticks the entire vibrator in my pussy. I don't squirt, but I do start screaming my head off. I'm cumming harder than I ever have and the vibrator isn't even on.

Willow walks over and starts to play with my nipples. "You better be careful or the campers will hear." She purrs in my ear. 

"I don't give a fuck! Fuck oh my god give me a second before you turn it on!" I try to convince olive to let me rest, but she just turns the vibrator up in response. My arms are sore from being up for so long, and I'm literally being held in the air with a plastic dick. Willow is sucking on my tits now, and Olive has her hand between Willow's legs. Olive starts kissing me again. She moves down to my neck and up to my ear.

"Still hate us?" She whispers. 

"Oh fuck I don't know. Don't stop, I'm about to cum!" I manage to get out. Willow and Olive share a look, and then stop everything. 

"What the fuck?? Don't tease me! Please just let me cum!" I'm begging now. They disentangle themselves from me, willow grabs the vibrator and the bag, utters out a "That was fun, let's do it again sometime.", and they walk out without another word. Fuck! I'm tied to a shower, naked and dripping wet, and I didn't get to cum!! About 2 minutes have passed when the door starts to open. I think it's Olive and Willow coming back to let me down or finish me off or something. Then a camper comes into view.