 Please comment. I like comments, even constructive negative ones.

*****

My name is Flower, actually Flower of peace. What can I say, Hippy parents.

I went out with Judy, my 'friend with privileges'. We tried living together but it didn't work, but we're still very close friends.

We met up with Tod, another of Judy's fuck buddies. He introduces the cute little lady with the long curly red hair as 'My girlfriend Nancy'. The four of us go to a little jazz club for a few drinks and visiting before I take Judy home for a little badly needed pussy relief.

I'm not bad looking, but I am the full size model. Six foot two, solid, no fat except for my big boobs. 

My growth spurt started with my hooters. I had the biggest set in class when I was twelve. I babysat for spending money. Mr, Dillon would always find an excuse to 'accidently' feel them when he drove me home. Even back then I wished it was Mrs. Dillon feeling me up. She had such beautiful light brown eyes.

I usually wear my blond hair in a pony tail. One of my lovers called me her 'Viking Goddess'.

Anyway, middle of the next week, Nancy, remembering where I said I worked phoned in the middle of the afternoon and said "How about meeting at 'The Snake" for a drink on the way home?"

"Sounds good, maybe the crowds in the tube will have thinned out by the time we finish. See you about half past." I'd been trying not to think of her all week.

She's at one of the tall round tables along the wall opposite the bar. What a sweet looking pixie. The waiter follows me over to her table. I order a G+T. "Make that two" she says.

We talk about nothings, then Nancy says "Tod tells me you and Judy are a couple."

I set her straight on that account, then ask how long she and Tod have been together.

"Can you believe that guy? That was our first date and he's calling me his girlfriend! I dumped his sorry ass , but not 'till I got a good fuck out of him."

We both laughed.

"So, got a private number I can call you at?"

I pulled a business card out of my purse and wrote my cell number on it for Nancy.

Didn't hear from Nancy for a few weeks. Just as I was thinking I should call Judy and plan a night at the 'Purple Dove' the alternate lifestyle club over on the west side, then take her home and get laid, to take my mind off Nancy, she called.

"Hi flower. How are you? It's Nancy."

"Hi Nancy, I'm doing great, how about you?" Stay calm, be cool.

"Fine thanks. Reason I called was to see if you'd be my date Saturday night. Corporate dinner. I have to go and mingle. I'd love to take you. Good food, dancing, hardly any speeches."

I said yes, gave her directions to my apartment, she said what time she'd pick me up, then just before she hung up asked if I had a 'little black dress'. When I said 'of course' she said "Good. Wear it and red satin panties." and rung off. 

Well, that's clear enough.

I was sitting in the lobby of my building wearing my sequined black flats that match my clutch, with my royal blue racoon collared cape across my knees when Nancy came to the security door. I wore a pearl choker and earrings, had a conservative red lipstick and nail polish, and had my hair brushed back behind my ears.

Nancy took my breath away. Her beautiful red hair curling down her neck, a pair of diamond stud earrings and a short diamond necklace. Her satin red gold and silver print dress was backless and it's full skirt came just below her knees. She had a silk maroon and gold shawl over her shoulders.

When I went to the door she gave me a look that left no doubt how the evening would end.

She wore low heeled soft leather shoes. My god is she tiny. Her lips barely come up to my nipples. Can you tell where my mind was?

She held the door of her white Mercedes sports car for me and I made sure she got a glimpse of red satin as I pulled my legs into the car.

Her driving was very smooth, but very fast. When we got to the venue she opened the console between our seats and took out a pair of silver four inch heels saying "I can't drive in these."

The parking valet enjoyed watching her change shoes before driving the car away.

The men all wore tuxedos, the women everything from little black dresses to floor sweeping gowns. There were older couples, older men with trophy wives, and a few young couples. 

I stayed close to Nancy as she schmoozed around. At supper we sat at a table with two older couples.

As Nancy talked investments with the man across from her I felt a stocking foot slide up the inside of my calf. The lady with the long silver hair across from me showed me the tip of her tongue. I reached across and stroked her hand "That's a beautiful bracelet. Is it a family heirloom? It looks very old/"

"I collect antique jewelry, dear, you must come and see my collection some time."

After dinner we circulate some more. As we are thinking of leaving the lady with the bracelet and her husband come over. They are Janet and Frank.

Janet says "Nancy, a week from Sunday, you must bring Flower over for afternoon tea, say, two o'clock. I'll be a tennis widow, Frank is leaving me for a tournament."

"Yes, my darling will be pinning away for me as I lead the wild life of an over the hill tennis bum."

They both laugh and glance at each other with that twinkle in their eyes that says 'true love'.

Nancy took me to her place. A long low sixties style ranch house on a big lot with lots of mature trees and hedges for privacy.

As we walked into the living room she picked up a remote and slow quiet music drifted around us."I promised you dancing". Nancy wrapped her arms around my neck. I nuzzled my cheek into her hair. We swayed together. Dresses fell off. Nancy kissed and nibbled my nipples as she squeezed my red satin covered tush. I pushed her lace thong down and swayed her towards the couch.

I lowered her to a sitting position as I knelt before her. I lifted her legs onto my shoulder. Her bikini trimmed carpet matched the drapes. I wiggled my nose in little red cunt hairs. She giggled. I spread her open. I kissed and licked ,fingered and sucked. When I kissed her little pink nub she got vocal. 

"Flower Flower Flower, yes darling yes, fuck me yes yes."

She took me to her very girly bedroom. All pink and white, satin and lace. Lots of pillows covered in pink and white and red, satin and velvet.

She pulled me into her big soft bed, climbed on top of me and began kissing. She started with my fore head, then moved down to my eye lids, the tip of my nose, my cheeks, my chin, my neck, then my tits. She suckled and nibbled on them. She squeezed and stroked them. Then she moved down. She stuck her tongue into my belly button, driving me into gales of laughter. She kissed down one leg, then up the other. By the time she got to my cunt I was tingling all over. One long slow lick and I was flying on the 'Big O Airline'.

We kissed and cuddled and went at each other several more times under the white satin sheets.

I couldn't remember ever being so thoroughly completely, lovingly fucked.

Nancy phoned me several times through the week.

Our second date was the tea party at Janet's.

When Nancy came for me she took my hand and led me into my bedroom. I thought I knew what was coming (and I soon would be), but instead she started going through my closet. She chose my pastel blue long sleeve dress with the buttons down the front. "You'll look beautiful in this. Do you have a white lace bra and pantie set? Good, I'll wait in the kitchen."

Oh my, well, OK, sure.

The 'tea party' was quite interesting.

We were met at the door by a willowy blond young lady wearing a white blouse and a long tan linen skirt and sensible shoes. "Madam is in the music room."

"Thanks El." Nancy led the way.

Janet handed us a glass of white wine. "So glad you made it, have a seat." She indicated the couch. She sat on the love seat, then El came in and sat beside her.

"Flower, this is Eloise, our domestic and my lover. One weekend when Frank was off playing tennis I seduced her. Frank knows I'm bi, and is just glad I'm not fucking 'one of the guys' and besides El cooks his favourite chicken dish."

"Actually" El said "I was the one that seduced her."

"You did not, you little fibber!"

They laughed and leaned their shoulders together.

It was a fun afternoon, lots of laughing and touching as we modeled Nancy's jewelry. Very friendly hugs and kisses when it was time to go.

We got a pizza on the way home for supper. I cut my first piece up and finger fed a piece to Nancy. 

I sank into her beautiful green eyes as she licked and sucked my fingers clean.

After we made love we had cold pizza for supper.

Through the week we talked every night on the phone, if only to say 'hi'.

On our next date she took me to a roof top restaurant for dinner and dancing. We held hands and watched the lights of the ships coming and going from the harbour and the channel markers flashing red and green. Nancy looked absolutely yummy in her very little red dress and pearls

The ride up to my apartment took forever as we were sharing the car with a family

Once into my flat though, we did a simultaneous strip tease for each other, then tumbled giggling into bed. Nancy pushed me back and sat on my face. My favourite bedtime snack. Nancy!

We kissed and licked and finger banged each other to heaven.

As we lay exhausted and spooned together I said "Miss McCarthy, I love you."

"I love you too Flower Dear. Will you come live with me?"

So the next weekend we moved in together. My landlord was happy to break my lease as rents had gone up while my lease was in effect. Nancy drove, so no more subway for me.

One week I said "You know, it's been a while since I've been to the 'Purple Dove'."

Nancy said she'd never been. "Call Judy, see if she'd join us.

I'll get a car so we don't have to drive and park."

Judy asked if she could bring Tod.

When we got home Friday I started making supper while Nancy showered. I was just chopping up the salad ingredients when Nancy, wearing the pink kimono I gave her for her birthday slipped beside me and started rubbing my fanny. "I think we should dress slightly sexy slutty tonight don't you?" 

I kissed the top of her head and replied " My little green eyed doll is always sexy, but slutty sound like fun. So what should I wear?"

"Oh Flower, I've already laid out your slutty outfit."

"Tell me."

She gave my tush a little slap and said " Not 'till after supper Sweetie, but first help me with this."

She slipped out of the sleeves of her kimono and tied them around her waist. She had a dragon tattoo transfer she wanted help applying up her back and over her shoulder.

Oh, the outfit she chose for me! My red mini skirt that she's pinned up the hem even shorter. My pink bra and pantie set. With my skirt so short my panties would show if I sat, bent over, climbed stairs, or, well, moved at all. For a top she picked my white see through blouse which she only let me fasten the bottom button of.

Her outfit was her little red dress, which looked so naughty with the dragon looking over her shoulder at her titties.

We both wore big gold hoop earrings, gold chain necklaces and gold rings. We finished the look with extreme heels.

We checked each other out. What a couple of sluts!

Judy and Tod outdid us for outrageous though. She was all 'Goth' wearing a slinky sleeveless, backless and just about front-less black dress and knee high stiletto heeled boots. Her eye lashes looked like a spider orgy when she blinked. Judy led Tod on a silver chain attached to a collar. He wore no shirt, just a black leather vest, black tight jeans, and black slippers. They both had black lip gloss and nail polish.

When they climbed into the limo with us, Judy sat on the bench seat between us and said "Tod" pointing at the little fold down jump seat. He sat there looking down, holding Judy's purse like a good little slave.

"I haven't talked to you for a while. Tod and I are now a couple. He finally realized what he needs, and I know how to deliver. So, what's new with you two lovers?"

At the 'Dove' we went straight to the bar where Nancy set up a tab with Dave, the owner / bartender and probably the only straight person in the joint. We all got drinks and went upstairs to see if we could get a table. 

The hostess, Deborah, gushed all over us. When he becomes Deborah, it's way over the top. Forty four 'D' breasts, a gold lame backless gown that swept the floor, and a ton of sparkly jewelry, not to mention high class hooker makeup.

Judy made a point of asking for a table for three and a stool for her 'pet'. Deborah called her lover, Kevin, who was also the waiter over and he showed us to a table and brought a low stool for Tod. The tables all overlook the dance floor.

We drank talked danced and watched the show, and were part of the show. The Purple Dove is always fun.

An older man in a leather suit came and asked Judy if he could take Tod for a dance. Poor Tod had the 'deer in the headlights' look until Judy whispered something in his ear as she un-clipped his leash. He smiled up at the man and offered him his hand.

As we watched them dance Nancy said "Judy, what did you say to him?"

" I just told him if he didn't dance and enjoy it, he wouldn't get his bedtime treat, and since this is his first time in public as my slave I promised him his favourite, which he only gets on special occasions."

"What's that?"

"Over my knee and a good spanking on his bare little ass."

After we dropped them off at Tod's we had the limo to ourselves. Nancy said "You're just a cheap slut." and giggled.

I laughed and said "You little whore."

"You dirty skank."

We laughed and called each other every dirty name we could think of. I'm sure the chauffeur had a good laugh too. We were in hysterics by the time we got home.

No fore play. I over powered Nancy and threw her onto our bed and went straight for her pussy. I barely got my tongue into her sweet cunt before she wrapped her legs around me and pulled my face with both hands into her gash. She quivered and bucked and called out my name. When she relaxed I slid up and cuddled her. "I love you...Just give me a minute to catch my bre..." She slid off to dreamland.

I fingered myself to a nice little orgasm then spooned up behind my beautiful Pixie. As I dozed off I thought how lucky I was to have found her.

On night when she picked me up after work we went to a high end mall. Judy and I used to window shop there, but never could afford to buy. Nancy took me into a clothing store. A sales lady came over. "Miss McCarthy, how nice to see you." Nancy introduced me and said she wanted to buy some clothes for me. A tape measure appeared and we three set about selecting dresses and skirts and blouses. It was arranged for everything to be delivered when the seamstress was done with the alterations.Next it was her favourite sweater store. Then the lingerie store. Nancy has expensive tastes, and the budget to go along with them.

As you've noticed she often chooses my outfits when we go out. I feel so special knowing she cares so much.

One Sunday after a lazy breakfast I was sitting on the couch in front of the gas fireplace wearing my terry robe over my nightie reading when Nancy came up behind me and started massaging my shoulders. I closed my eyes and luxuriated in the attention.

"I'm going to take you somewhere special, we'll get lunch on the way. I've laid out your clothes for you, so go get dressed Darling." She kissed my cheek.

Laying on our bed was my pink lace thong, half cup bra, beige cuddly angora turtle neck and blue jeans.

I did my face and went to the foyer where Nancy was waiting. She was already to go in an ankle length grey skirt, cowl neck sweater and her silver fox bomber jacket. She held my red fox three quarter length coat for me. She gave me it as a 'cold weather is coming' gift.

We drove for half an hour, then stopped for lunch in a little town. Nancy still wouldn't tell me where she was taking me. After lunch we drove along the highway for another fifteen minutes, then turned onto a secondary road. After a mile or so we turned up a farm lane. Part way up the lane was a gate with a young man waiting. Nancy showed him an invitation and he opened the gate with a "Welcome Ladies, just follow the lane."

We came to some farm buildings. A valet took the car and a man looked at our invitations, checked something on his iPad, then showed us to a table two steps up from the floor of an indoor riding arena. A young lady came and asked if we'd like coffee, tea, wine or water. We chose coffee and she returned soon with a carafe of coffee, two mugs, cream and sugar.

At one end of the arena was a raised platform with several people on it. A lady stepped up to the microphone and said "Ladies and Gentlemen, welcome to the Walnut Lane Pony Club Winter Trials. We'll start with 'high wheel singles' and first up is Janet with her lovely pony Eloise."

What? Can't be!

It was! I've never seen anything like this even at the 'Dove". 

Janet rode into the arena on a two wheel cart wearing a white blouse with a frill down the front, a long dark green skirt, short black boots, and holding a buggy whip and reins.

The cart was being pulled by El. She had nothing on except for a harness. Her feet were in extreme boots with shiny black hooves, her hands were in gloves with hooves where her knuckles would be. Her body was strapped into an intricate harness. It and her gloves were shackled to the cart's shafts. On her head was a leather strap bridle, and a bit was in her mouth. Janet steered her with the reins that were attached to the bit. As they went past I saw a long tail hanging from between El.'s butt cheeks.

Nancy pulled my head down to hers, kissed my cheek and said "Flower Darling, will you to be my pretty pony?"