 The thing that caught my attention was her ass. The blond First Class stewardess on the flight to Vegas had a marvelous butt and the tight uniform she wore showed it off. It was the first time I'd found a stewardess uniform provocative - so it must have been that woman's ass, not the uniform. I had a great view from my aisle seat in Row 5. 

I'm definitely an "ass person." I'm not interested in any old ass; a cute butt on a man is OK but what arouses me is the behind of an attractive woman. I am mostly involved with a man now but I've always enjoyed getting it on with another woman - their bodies are so much smoother and prettier than a man's body. And they taste marvelous! Of course sucking a man's cock is great for the guy, but I get much more pleasure from going down on a woman - kissing and licking all around her pussy and then nibbling on her clit. A female lover can take me to a special place that a man can't reach.

I kissed by boyfriend Richard just before the flight to Las Vegas took off. I would be there for a 3-day visit to a client. These trips are usually a bore. I took my seat in First Class and settled down for the 5-1/2 hour trip from JFK, with magazines and newspapers because I can't sleep on plane flights. 

As she moved and stretched up front in the process of preparing drinks and food, I could see the movement of that beautiful butt under her uniform. It excited me to think of feeling her firm ass cheeks and exploring all her private places. 

After dinner the lights were turned low to let passengers sleep.

With two hours left to go in the flight, all food and drinks had been served. The stewardess crew were chatting while sitting in the service section by the First Class johns. 

I wondered if she could feel my intense gaze and realize that I staring at her. I was in my own world of sexual fantasy in the midst of sleeping passengers in the darkened cabin. I sat with half-closed eyes picturing what I would like to do with her when we got to Vegas. I started to get wet while focusing on her ass. I conjured up mental images of scenes from a hotel room in Vegas involving the two of us. 

I was so horny that I felt it worthwhile trying to score with her, despite the probability that it wouldn't work out. I had nothing to lose, and maybe some great sex to gain.

I went forward, as if to use the john, and started a conversation with the blond whose ass had captured my imagination as I sat in Row 5. She seemed willing to talk and I found out quite a bit about her. Her name was Ingrid. She was from Sweden and loved the climate, beaches, and lifestyle in southern California. Ingrid had been flying the Vegas-JFK run for six months. As we talked I focused on her face and eyes, all the while thinking about how she would look naked in bed with me. I had never before been so hot about any woman! So I was very pleased when she accepted my invitation to have a drink with me when we reached Vegas. 

Upon leaving the terminal together we headed to the bar at my hotel. We sat at a small table in a back corner, so close together that our knees touched. I didn't pull back and neither did she. She put a hand on my knee as we talked, which turned me on. I extended my hand to her knee in return, and I slowly moved it up under her skirt as we talked. She didn't try to stop my hand. Her panties were already wet, a promising sign of her feelings about the evening to come.

I withdrew my hand and licked it; she tasted pink to me. She leaned closer and brushed my cheek with her lips. My lips met hers in a soft kiss. I opened my lips and explored her mouth with my tongue. Her lips parted in response and our tongues met. The tongues were creatures touching, exploring, and fondling each other. Nobody else in the bar seemed to notice or care that the two women at the corner table were kissing. The waiter who came with the bill had probably seen far stranger things in Vegas than two young women kissing - he just wished us, "Have a good night", as I paid the bill.

We went up to my room after I paid the bar bill. We were alone in the elevator - as soon as the door closed we embraced. I put one hand on her ass. It felt as good as it had looked on the flight out. For an ass person like me it was exciting to finally caress the object of my desire.

I didn't realize until we got into my room that I hadn't made a conquest at all. She'd been interested in getting me into bed since we talked on the flight from JFK. Ingrid was way ahead of me and led the lovemaking. I am usually the aggressor in fem sex, but this time I was delighted to follow the lead of this enchanting creature.

Once in the room we hugged; she stepped back and slowly unbuttoned her blouse, keeping her eyes on mine. My cunt juices started flowing as she undressed for me. Ingrid removed her blouse, leaned forward slightly, and reached behind to loosen the bra catch. Her breasts were firm and shapely. I figured that Ingrid kept in shape; there wasn't a bit of flab on her body. I brought her closer to me and fondled her breasts. Then I used my tongue to tease her nipples. Her body quivered and I heard a low moan. The room was filled with sexual tension. She pulled me down to the couch, saying, "Let's get some of your clothes off. I want you to feel what I'm feeling right now." With her help I was soon naked to the waist. We held each other and kissed. As our tongues touched I pulled her closer, so that our breasts were touching. 

She put her mouth down to my breasts and circled my aureoles with her tongue. I whispered, "Suck on my nipples, please!" She took a nipple into her mouth and sucked until it started to harden. She could tell how wet I was getting because she had her hand under my dress, with two fingers in my pussy as she sucked on my tit. 

"Come, dear", she said as she pulled me up from the couch. "Come to bed with me." She led me by the hand to the bedroom. I followed eagerly and sat down next to her on the edge of the bed. 

We finished undressing and got into bed. I was shy at first and held back just a bit. Somehow it felt like a first time for me, although I've been with many lovers. Ingrid just smiled and told me to relax, that we'd have a lovely time together.

That night I let her lead the way - it was marvelous that she found me attractive and wanted to make love to me. That tight body of hers aroused me like no other of recent memory.

I've heard it said that Swedes are cool and reserved. That was certainly not true of my blond stewardess. She was the opposite - hot, passionate, and inventive in bed.

My memories of lovemaking that night are chaotic - I can remember isolated images, scenes from a night of passion. The sounds she made and the aroma of her body linger in my mind. Even now, if I close my eyes I can feel her touch as I caress my own body. 

One image I have is of two bodies intertwined in various ways, shifting from one position to another. I was on top, she was on top, then we were side by side.

Another image is a scene in which we were lying in the bed on our backs; our bodies were arranged so that our pussies touched. We were humping each other. It was a violent meeting of our pubic bones, hers covered by blond fuzz and mine by dark curls. 

She knew where to touch me and how to touch me. 

Her finger traced my labia - then her tongue slipped between them into my slit and slowly followed a path to my clitoris, licking all the way.

She kissed me in the places where I needed kisses, and she kissed me in the way I like to be kissed.

Finally, about 4:00 in the morning, we fell asleep wrapped in each other's arms.

I had set the alarm so that I could get up, shower, and have breakfast in time to meet the client. Before the alarm sounded I has an erotic dream in which my pussy was being explored by the tongue of a skilled lover and the musky aroma of a woman's sex filled my nostrils. I came out of deep sleep to the reality of getting oral sex from Ingrid. She was lying on top of me with her mouth over my pussy and her crotch right over my mouth. I put my arms up around that lovely ass and pulled her cunt directly down to my mouth. We slowly and lovingly tasted each other until the alarm rang.

"Sorry, I have to get ready," I murmured and headed for the shower. I was in the shower with the stream of water on high and steam rising around me when there was a small draft and I felt her come up behind me. She put her arms around me and kissed the back of my neck. Then she reached around and gently took the bar of soap from my hand. 

While still standing behind me, she whispered, "Hon, spread your legs nice and wide so that I can get to your pussy." After I spread my legs she used the bar of soap as a dildo, fucking me with it. The stream of water made everything slick, including my pussy; the improvised dildo slid in and out with ease. As she fucked me with the bar of soap I reached orgasm quickly, too quickly. I had no control - it just happened. As I came, the juices that ran down my thighs were washed away by the stream of water. I would definitely recommend a shower scene for "no mess" sex.

My Nordic lover wasn't done yet. "Lean forward with your hands against the wall. Bend down, way down, and spread your legs wide for me."

After I leaned forward and spread my legs, I realized that she had knelt down behind me and was going to use her tongue from behind. The water was still coming down, cascading over my butt and running down between my ass cheeks. 

She started with kisses on my ass. Then she used her tongue, exploring along the crack of my ass to my vagina. From her kneeling position she was able to raise her head and get her tongue on my clit. That resulted in another orgasm. I was wiped out with passion and already thinking of having to get out of the shower and get dressed. But she had one more treat for me; Ingrid tongued my asshole. She spread my ass cheeks wide with her hands and then used her tongue on the sensitive nerve tissue surrounding the anus. My lower body reacted automatically to stimulation of those nerves by going into spasm. Then she moved her tongue directly to my pucker, licking and pushing forward. Her tongue was really too short to get beyond the sphincter muscles, into the rectum. No matter, I felt she was fucking me in a way I've never been fucked before. I've had a cock and a dildo up my ass, but her probing tongue was something special.

I liked the sensation so much that I'll ask her for more of the same if we hook up again in the future. Also I'd like to try some of the toys I have back home in NYC. One of those toys is a double-ended dildo. With that we could really fuck each other, much better than humping bare pussies. Maybe I shouldn't say that; humping pussies and using a double-ended dildo feel quite different, and both kinds of sex play are arousing as hell. Ingrid seems adventurous and willing to try almost anything. I'm the same way. We could be great friends and playmates. Definitely something to pursue for the future.

Finally I had to get out of the shower, dry off, and get dressed. My appointment with the client was at 8:30.

We dressed at the same time. It had been great sex but I had to get to work and Ingrid had to go out on a mid-day flight. She looked good enough to eat in that tight uniform. 

"You have a marvelous ass and the uniform makes that very obvious," I said. "Do you know that?"

"Of course, dear. Glad that you noticed."

We traded NYC phone numbers before parting. Ingrid will call me next time she's in New York. Hmmmm, that ought to be great fun. Moreover, Richard is a very sexual guy and completely uninhibited. He's always been attracted to blonds, so I'm sure he'll like Ingrid. As we embraced I told her, "there's someone in New York who would love to meet you. We could have a good time together, the three of us. I'll keep the details a surprise."

* * * * *

Copyright 2001 by Lesly Sloan. This story may not be distributed or copied without the express permission of the author. All comments are welcome.