 I'm trying to remember how I got into all this.

It's kind of hard to remember things right now. They don't seem to be very important, really. I know that's not true, I know that there's a lot of important stuff I should be thinking about right this second...but Emma's talking right now, and I just want to sit still and listen. But there's this nagging, irritating voice in the back of my head that keeps reminding me of Carrie, and keeps telling me it's important to remember and to try to figure out what's going on.

But it feels so nice to just listen, instead. I can feel Carrie's head resting on my shoulder; she's slumping up against me like a dead weight right now. She's right here with me, so she must be safe. That was the whole idea, I remember now. She came up to me at the party and said, "Can I borrow you for a few minutes? I've been talking to this girl, and she's telling me about this really cool shit she can do, but I want to have someone else around to keep an eye on me, just in case." In case of what? Emma's so sweet, so trustworthy, so wonderful to listen to. What was Carrie worried about, anyway?

That's when I realize I'm in trouble. I know something's wrong, even if it's hard to figure out exactly what. Then it hits me. What's wrong is that I'm having such a hard time figuring things out. I'm not really thinking critically anymore, not evaluating Emma's words, just staring straight ahead and listening to Emma's voice. I suddenly realize I don't even know what she's said the last few minutes. Something about going under, sinking down. Even the bits I can't remember feel like they've sunk deep into my mind. She's making me want to sink deeper, too. It feels better and better, just listening and relaxing. I can't seem to focus my eyes, my muscles feel like they're going limp and loose and watery, and my thoughts feel all disjointed. And it feels too good to stop. I'm not saving Carrie anymore, I think. I'm joining her.

I try to stir, try to warn Carrie that I'm doing a very bad job of being her white knight, try to tell her that she's not nearly as safe as she thinks she is and neither am I anymore, but all that comes out is a soft sigh. Carrie sighs right along with me. That's really bad, I know it is. But I also know that I trust Emma. Something's confusing me about all that, and the confusion is just making me sink deeper into the dark pool in front of my eyes.

Emma keeps talking, and I just can't help but listen now. I listen even as I struggle not to listen, my body so relaxed that my efforts to stand up and walk away just seem like little twitches. For a moment, I hope that Carrie will recognize my deepening trance and save me, but then I remember that she's expecting me to do that to her. She's already helpless to save me, and I'm becoming helpless to save her. That shouldn't feel as good as it does.

The darkness just seems to be draining all my thoughts into it, now. I need to fight it. I don't know exactly why anymore, but I need to fight it. I...Emma's still talking. She has such a beautiful voice. I know I still need to fight it, but I don't...I don't remember what it is I need to fight anymore.

I need to try to remember. I don't even realize I'm saying that out loud, until I hear Emma tell me it might be easier to remember if I close my eyes. She's probably right. Emma's right about everything. So I close my eyes, and sure enough, I remember Carrie leading me over to a corner where this girl with strawberry-blonde hair was sitting there, holding a drink. She looked up at us when we approached, and Carrie said, "Emma, this is Gail, that friend I was telling you about. Gail, this is Emma. She wants to hypnotize me."

Hypnotize. Just the memory of the word sends sudden erotic shivers deep through my body. I realize I'm hypnotized now too, and I know there's something that should worry me about that, but it feels good to sink into it, so I stop fighting and give into that warm, almost sexual pleasure.

I don't know why I'm only realizing it now, but there's something so powerful, so sensual about the idea of hypnosis. It's an act of trust, an emotional bond deeper and more intimate than anything that could pass between two lovers. Not just a sharing of bodies, but a sharing of minds. No wonder Carrie had been a little worried about it. She wasn't sure if she was ready to share herself that completely, not even with someone as kind and giving as Emma.

Why am I scared of someone so kind and giving? I can't figure it out, so I let the fear go and just give in to her like she's giving her thoughts to me. I hear my own voice, docile and empty, telling Emma that I'm giving in to her will now, and Carrie's speaking in perfect unison with me. It's so nice that she's learned how to trust Emma just like I have. It's so perfect that she understands now that she didn't have anything to worry about. Our fears were all that held us back, our fear of intimacy and love.

That wasn't how Carrie explained it, though, not at the time. She just said, "Emma's been telling me about all the neat things you can do with hypnosis, and I gotta admit, it sounds really fun, but...well, we just met," and she kind of gave Emma this little awkward look, like she knew that it was rude to say that she didn't trust this strange woman but she couldn't really get away from the fact that she was implying exactly that. "So I thought maybe I could grab my best friend, and you can keep watch over me while Emma hypnotizes me to make sure she doesn't do anything weird to my head."

Not that Emma ever would. Emma's too nice for that. She knows that hypnosis is such a powerful force, that it can reshape me completely while I'm helplessly entranced, while my mind is totally open and accessible to Emma's deep control, and she would never use that in a way that would harm me. I know that in my heart. That's why I know that any suggestion Emma gives me must be a good idea, because Emma wouldn't give me bad suggestions.

She's always been giving us good suggestions. Like earlier, when she said, "Glad to have you along for the ride, Gail! But listen, you two, this isn't exactly the best environment to enter trance. Why don't the three of us sneak off somewhere quiet to do this?"

She was right about that, too. I'm so glad we're somewhere quiet and private, somewhere that we won't be disturbed. It felt kind of silly at the time, Carrie and I kind of got the giggles as we snuck off to the spare bedroom like we were a couple of teenagers going off to have sex, but now...

Now just the thought of sneaking off to have sex with Carrie is making me squirm. I'd never really thought of her as anything but an old and dear friend, never thought of her as a sexual being at all, but really, she's very pretty. She has such beautiful long, dark hair; I can just imagine it spread out over my thighs as her mouth dips down towards my pussy. Oh God, it's so wonderful, so sexy, so...so right. Emma's absolutely right, it's the most natural thing in the world to want another woman like that. To want Carrie, or to want...to want Emma. More than anything else I've ever wanted in the whole world, I want Emma right now.

It seems silly, looking back, but I wasn't sure I actually trusted Emma a few...minutes? Hours? A while ago. When she sat us down on the bed, leaning back on the headboard, and then sat cross-legged facing us. She could tell I wasn't ready to give myself completely to her, though, not yet. She just said, "Alright, Carrie, it's about time to begin, so I want you to go ahead and look at my eyes now. Gail, you're here to keep Carrie safe, so you probably shouldn't look at my eyes. Try to focus your attention on something else, like..." She looked around. "Like that ring you're wearing. It's very nice, by the way. Onyx?"

I nodded. "Yes, I made it myself."

"It's beautiful." Remembering Emma's praise makes me glow inside. To know that someone like Emma, someone with such perfect judgment and wisdom thinks highly of me, it makes me feel honored in a way that I could never have imagined. There's something almost addictive about Emma's praise, it just feels so soft and warm inside my head. Like right now--I'm undoing the buttons on my blouse, and with every button, she tells me what a good girl I am, how obedient I am, how sweetly submissive I am, and it feels so good. I can hear Carrie whimpering next to me, and I realize that she's undressing too. The thought of her naked, whimpering body next to mine...my panties are soaked through right now, I can feel it.

We pull off our shirts at the same time, and my arms feel like they're moving through warm water, languid and sleepy and dreamy in their motions. I sink back onto Carrie, slumping onto her as she slumps onto me, feeling her hot skin against my own. We're leaning against each other, and both of us are leaning on Emma's words. That feels so wonderful, listening to her so intently and obeying so perfectly.

That was just what she told me to do. "Alright, here we go. Gail, you'd best listen carefully, just to make sure I'm not trying to slip any secret suggestions into Carrie's mind." I nodded, making sure not to look up at her when I did so. I kept my gaze firmly focused on the ring, not wanting to inadvertently go into trance right along with Carrie. (Why didn't I want that? I try to remember the reason, but it just slips away under a tide of warm obedience to Emma's will.)

"Carrie, I want you to just feel your body relaxing. You're warm and safe here, your best friend is with you and nothing bad can happen to you while Gail is here, so it's alright to just stare and relax. Stare and relax. Just keep watching, watch and listen to my voice. You might notice sensations in your body as you stare, and that's alright. Every sensation is a sign that you're slipping deeper into trance."

I feel the sensation of Emma's hand on my breast now, and she's right, it is a sign that I'm slipping deeper into trance. It feels good to remember trance, it feels good to experience trance, it feels even better to remember trance while I'm in trance. Every memory helps me sink deeper, every sensation helps me sink deeper. I feel Carrie wriggle in pleasure right alongside me and I know we're both sinking so deep into Emma's will. And that's so wonderful. Emma touches us both through our jeans, the heel of her hand rubbing and grinding against our pussies in a way that makes us both moan at once. Hearing her moan just makes me want to moan more.

I want to remember more, and Emma's telling me it's alright to remember, because remembering trance entrances me deeper and sinking deeper helps me remember in a perfect recursion that makes me perfectly obedient. It makes so much sense now, it's so logical that all I can remember in trance is the trance itself. Emma's so proud of me for understanding that, and as my reward, she tells me that it's alright to sink deeper, alright to obey and let trance enfold me.

That's just how it felt the first time, too, like it was enfolding me. "You might notice your focus narrowing, like the whole world is focusing down as you stare and listen to my voice, and that's good. That just means you're shutting out distractions. You don't need to pay attention to anything else, just keep your eyes tightly focused and listen to my voice as it soothes you, calms you, relaxes you. Take a deep, slow, easy breath for me now, just breathe in and hold it for a moment...and let it out." It was amazing, the way that our breaths just seemed to synchronize there in the bedroom. It almost felt magical. I wished I could go into trance like Carrie, but I knew I had to stay alert and keep her safe.

I wonder exactly when Emma took pity on me, when she decided it was too cruel to force me to stay awake while Carrie experienced the bliss of hypnosis. I'm not quite sure, really. It's hard to figure out exactly when I stopped thinking of her words as being meant for Carrie, when I stopped listening on her behalf and started listening for myself. I stared, like she told Carrie to stare, I listened, like she told Carrie to listen, and when she said, "Just breathe, and sink, and stare, and relax, and sink down, deeper down, deeper down into trance," I just couldn't help but notice the way the dim lights reflected off my ring like a deep pool of black water that I could sink into. The way that the pupil of Emma's eye was black and shiny, just like onyx. The way it drew you in, until all you could think about was the deep black pool, drawing you down.

It seems like I'm inside a pool of darkness now, floating in timeless darkness until Emma commands me to open my eyes. But even with my eyes open, I'm still in trance, still deeply hypnotized, and that feels so wonderful. She tells me to slide off Carrie's jeans, and I'm so glad I can do that, I've been waiting to touch her warm, soft female flesh for so long that I'm practically drooling as I undo the zipper and catch the scent of her arousal. She's taking off my clothes as I take off hers, we're like mirror images of each other, and I know that her pleasure will be mirrored in me and mine will be mirrored in her. Which means that when she slides my hands down my legs, pulling my pants down and slipping them off, she feels it even before I repeat the gesture with her. I briefly wonder who undressed Emma, but the wondering isn't nearly as important as the orgasmic bliss of seeing Emma's nude form.

Our hands just seem to drift over each other's bodies now, my hands on Carrie and Emma, Emma's hands touching Carrie's nipples and circling my aureolae, Carrie's hands finding my clit as they stroke Emma's labia. I'm absolutely lost in sensation, my whole mind drowning in pleasure, and I wonder why I ever tried to fight this, I wonder if I ever tried to fight this. I seem to recall briefly realizing that I was sinking into Emma's spell right alongside Carrie instead of protecting her, and I think there was a moment when I tried to resurface from the bliss of trance instead of following her down into its depths, but Emma's voice just stroked and caressed and petted me until all I could do was sink, and drift, and fall. I thank her for that now by pressing my mouth to her nipple and suckling at her tit.

She presses my head downwards, though, guiding me with her hand and her words to the more intimate contact that I've always wanted, deep down. I'm worried for a second that Carrie will be jealous of me for being the one who gets to taste the sweet, feminine juices of Emma's cunt, but then Emma lies down on her side and presses her own mouth between Carrie's thighs, worshipping my best friend's pussy with her lips, and I feel better. I feel better still when Carrie shifts position so that she can lick me the way I'm licking Emma, the way Emma's licking her.

We're in a perfect circle now, the pleasure passed along from one girl to the next, and even though I can't hear Emma's voice anymore, I can remember her commands. She told Carrie to sink, and I sank. She told Carrie to obey, and I obeyed. She told Carrie she couldn't resist Emma's will, and I knew it to be true. Remembering her words reinforces them, deepens my obedience to Emma and makes me just want to please her more. I lick harder, wanting to make her cum like I'm about to...

And then I feel her shake and jerk and shudder, her legs wrapping around my head and pressing me tightly to her cunt and that pushes me over the edge and I cum, I cum like she cums like Carrie cums like I cum like oh fuck oh god oh yes must cum must obey must cum cum cum cum cum...

I don't know how much time passes in that timeless ecstasy. Even when it ends, it still feels like I'm lost in that same pleasure, sunken into bliss as Emma's words wrap around my mind and she tells Carrie and I more deep, important truths. We listen, sisters in spirit and sisters in slavery, and I'm so glad I can keep Carrie safe and warm and wrapped up in Emma's will, just like I am. I'm so glad I did my job so well, protecting Carrie even as I sank into deep, obedient hypnosis. I'm so glad that I could make sure Emma only gave Carrie sweet, sapphic pleasure, instead of somehow taking advantage of her like Carrie and I were worried about. Not that we had anything to worry about.

We can trust Emma completely.

THE END