 Before you arrive, I set the stage. Red and white candles all over the room of various sizes, Sandalwood and Rose incense, Enigma in the CD player. The bed has black satin sheets on it, covered in red and white rose petals. There are lengths of black cord draped over each side of the headboard. I am dressed in a black satin merry widow, complete with garters and thigh-high boots, but no panties. My hair is up, nails and lips painted red - eyes lined in black. I've laid out the various "tools" for the evening under a black chiffon scarf on the dresser. I wrap myself in a velvet robe and wait for you to arrive.

You knock at the door, and I suppress a giggle - hoping you'll like the ambiance I've presented. I open the door, and you're wearing a full length trench coat - I can see your high-heeled boots underneath, and just a touch of your cleavage is exposed. From the look in your eyes, I'm sure you're not wearing much under it.

I invite you in, place a 'do not disturb' sign on the door, close and lock it. Letting you know by the smile on my face that you're not leaving anytime soon. We kiss our hellos gently on the lips, and I offer to take your coat. Always with a flair for the dramatic, you walk into the main chamber and gesture for me to sit down. Smiling at you, I remove my robe, and see your eyes widen slightly at the sight of my tight satin outfit. "Great boots," you tell me. I smile and sit down.

You place one of your boots to the left of me, exposing the garter and thigh high stocking underneath. Then you slowly unbutton the coat, letting it fall off of your shoulders and drape it over the chair. You're wearing a black see-through bra and garter belt - with black satin thong panties. I catch my breath at the sight of you, you're so sexy.

You straddle me, pressing your lovely pussy against me and running your hands across your breasts. You lean over to kiss me gently and run your tongue across my lips. Then you wrap your arms around me and whisper in my ear "I'm all yours." My nipples harden at the thought of what I've planned for your luscious body. I run my hands up your legs, pressing my thumbs against the insides of your thighs and over your labia. I kiss between your breasts and then take one of your nipples between my teeth, running my tongue across the soft fabric. You gasp and press your pussy against my hands. I reach up to take your face in my hands and kiss you, opening your mouth with my tongue. I smooth my hands down your body, and gently push you up and off of my lap.

"Stand here and don't move," I tell you. You nod, and I reach for the fur-lined blindfold and place it over your eyes. "Don't move until I tell you," I whisper in your ear and I feel you shiver. I take one of the roses out of the vase on the table and run the bud over your skin, starting at your neck. I watch your nipples harden as the flower slides between your breasts and down your stomach. "Spread your legs," I whisper against your cheek, and your stance widens. I reach down and remove your panties. You're already moist. I run my finger up and down your labia, spreading the moisture there, then sliding the rosebud against your slick lips.

I reach around you, kissing your neck, and remove your bra, letting your breasts hang freely. I run the rose petals over your nipples and kiss and lick each of them, until they're as hard and red as the flower. I take your hands and lead you over to the bed. As I lay you down, I tell you to spread your arms out to each side. I tie each of your hands with the cord that is across the headboard. I ask you to pull at them, making sure you can't get out of the knots. When I'm satisfied, I ask you to raise your hips and place a pillow underneath them, exposing your beautiful pussy.

I go to the dresser and pick up the large peacock feather. Starting at your neck, I run the feather lightly over your body - but firmly enough not to tickle. I reach down and pinch one nipple as I run the feather over the other. I make sure to touch your arms, cheeks, breasts, belly, and thighs with the fronds. I can see goosebumps rising on your skin, and you squirm a little, a sigh escaping your lips.

I reach for the glass of champagne by the bed, dip my finger in and bring it to your lips. You open your mouth and suck on my finger, running your tongue over it to taste the champagne. I place drops on your skin, down the center of your body, and pour some on your cunt. Your hips jerk, because the champagne is cold. I trace my tongue down that line, stopping just above your clit, and flicking it with my tongue. You twist in the ropes, pressing your hips against me - heightened sensation making you beg for me to taste you and offer you the relief of orgasm. I laugh quietly and say, "Oh no, not yet, darling."

I reach for my cat of nine tails and run the leather strips across your mouth. You open your mouth and curl your tongue around the buttery leather. I straddle your body, so you can feel my pussy press against your pubic bone and grind myself on you, letting my wetness mingle with yours.

Snap - I crack the whip lightly against your right nipple, and you cry out at the unexpected roughness. I run my hand gently over the hard tip of your nipple. Snap again, on the left nipple this time, and you hum against your lips - having sensed it was coming. I reach down behind me, and dangle the leather strips over your labia and snap goes the whip again - the tails barely touching your skin, but enough to get your adrenaline rushing. "Oh my god," you say and giggle a bit nervously. I lean over and kiss your lips, telling you "Shhhhhhh, you know I would never hurt you, precious baby." You nod, biting your lip, and I can feel your legs tense up.

I kiss and lick down your body, sliding my face down between your legs, breathing in your scent and approving of the shaven lips I see. I lay the whip across your breasts and stomach, making you aware of the touch of leather on your skin, and reminding you of the biting pleasure it can provide. I lick the inside of your thighs and see how wet your pussy is already. I run my tongue over the outer lips, and then the inner, pushing my tongue inside you - sliding it in and out slowly, like a small cock. I place my hand on the handle of the whip on your stomach - making you wonder whether I plan to offer pleasure or pain. I lick up and down your slit, wrapping my lips around your clit and sucking it slowly, feeling how large and hard it's gotten. I know it won't take much to make you cum the first time.

I slide the handle of the whip down and push it inside your pussy. Sucking your clit and fucking you with the whip. You start to moan and buck as you cum all over the handle. I lick small circles around your clit and flick it - making you twist and moan again. "Do you want more?" I breathe the question between your legs, blowing warmly across you.

"Yes," you say with no hesitation. I pull up suddenly and press your legs back, holding you behind the knees. I rub my clit against yours, feeling our wetness - lips against lips. I slide up and down until I am close to cumming myself. Snap goes the whip against your breasts. Your chest heaves upward and you gasp. I reach down with one hand to touch my clit and slide one finger - then two into your dripping cunt.

"Do you want me to fuck you?" I ask.

"Mmmmmmmm, fuck me," you groan, bucking your hips against my hand. I curl my fingers upward, reaching for your g-spot. I can't stand it anymore and I cum, spurting all over the sheets. I slide down and lick your clit, holding it with my lips and flicking my tongue back and forth - hard and fast, still fucking you with two fingers.

"Cum all over my face," I tell you. I reach up and pinch one of your nipples, and it sends you over again, as you cry out and your cum spills down my hand. "Yes, that's it, cum for me," I tell you.

I lie next to you and reach into the ice bucket, taking a cube and rubbing it against your lips. You suck on the ice cube and my fingers, sighing gently. I take the ice cube from your lips and run it over your nipples and around your belly button, finally sliding it up and down the slit between your labia. "That's cold!" you say and laugh with me. I bring the ice cube to my mouth and suck on it, leaning over to kiss you, and letting the cube slide into your mouth.

"Okay, time for refreshments," I tell you. I untie your hands and let you sit up, keeping the blindfold on. I bring over a bowl of strawberries and a glass of champagne, putting the glass in your hand and feeding you a strawberry. You lick and bite it seductively, laughing at me. I kiss your lips, and let you finish your champagne.

"Now, darling, get on your knees next to the bed," I tell you, and guide you off the bed, your legs a bit shaky. I sit on the edge of the bed, put your hands on my thighs and tell you to taste me. You lean forward, nervous, having never tasted a woman before. "Just do what feels good for you," I tell you. You lick, tentatively, and I shudder. Feeling more confident, you start lapping at my clit, then licking my pussy lips slowly with your wet tongue.

"Lick my clit," I tell you, and you flick your tongue back and forth across it. "Finger fuck me," I say, and you slide one of your manicured fingers into my slick pussy. Watching you do this and feeling your hot breath against me, I cry out and cum, rocking my hips against your face and hand. "Wow, that didn't take long," you laugh, and I collapse on the bed for a moment, as you run your hands up and down my thighs.

"Mmmmmmm, and we're not done yet," I say, and tell you to lay face down on the bed, spreading your arms again. I bind your hands to the headboard again, and tell you to spread your legs in a diamond shape, making sure there are enough pillows to cradle your head and raise your ass slightly, exposing your pussy again.

Reaching over to the dresser, I pull out a small riding crop. I run it firmly over your body, so you can feel what it is. "Don't hurt me," you whisper. I brush your hair back from your face and whisper "Never" into your ear. I reach under you and roll your nipples between my fingers, kissing the back of your neck and running my tongue over your shoulders and back. I feel you sigh deeply and relax into my touch. I kiss all the way down your body, covering every inch of you with a kiss or lick. I nibble lightly on your buttocks, making you laugh. Then I run my tongue down the back of you, flicking my tongue on the skin between your ass and pussy. You roll your hips up to meet my mouth and I slide my tongue inside your pussy again, making sure you're nice and wet.

I use my knees to keep yours spread, and pick up the riding crop, touching your buttocks lightly and then snap - smacking you lightly on the right cheek - just enough to leave a small red mark. "Ah!" you cry out - "that stings!" snap snap! Twice against the same buttock, and then I rub my hand lightly over your skin, to smooth out the tingles. Snap goes the crop against your left buttock and you say "Oh no!" You're not sure if you're frightened or excited. I reach over, open the nightstand and pull out an 8-inch dildo. I wrap my lips around it, to get it nice and wet, then place it between the cheeks of your ass - just to let you know it's there.

I rub the large cock up and down your pussy lips….I ask you "do you want me to fuck you now? Tell me." You growl "oh god yes, fuck my pussy now." And I slide the head of the cock into your cunt. You moan loudly, trying to push up onto your knees to offer yourself to me. I grip the base of the cock and slide the whole thing inside of you suddenly - deeply. A purr comes from your throat as you say "oh yes, fuck me, fuck me now." I slide the cock in and out of your pussy slowly, letting you feel the length of it - pressing the other end against my own wet snatch. And I fuck you slowly, methodically, letting you build up a rhythm, then plunging it deep inside of you three times - you cry out each time. I pull the cock out, letting the head rub against you, and you roll your hips toward me. I lean over you and say - "Tell me what you want, Amy."

"Fuck me," you whisper, "fuck me hard." I plunge the cock into your cunt and begin to fuck you - hard and fast.

"Do you like it?" I ask.

"Oh god, yes!" you yell, and I can sense that you're ready to cum. I pull back and start long, hard strokes in and out of your dripping cunt, rubbing the other end of the dildo against my clit, close to orgasm myself.

"Oh god, I'm going to cum!" I tell you and fuck you deep, hard and fast with the thick cock.

"Oh yes, fuck me, yes, like that, oh god yes!" I cum, pressing the cock deep inside of you and feel your body jerk as you cum hard all over the cock and my hands.

I reach up and press my thumb against your ass, sliding it in just the tip, and you say "Oh yesssssss!" and cum again all over the cock, fucking it with the rocking motion of your hips.

You collapse against the sheets and sigh loudly. "Oh god, that felt good," you tell me and smile. I slide the cock out of you and reach up to untie your hands. I turn you over and kiss your face, lips and breasts as I remove the blindfold. You blink, having been in the dark for so long and smile at me, wrapping your arms and throwing a leg over me. You look at me and laugh and say "wow, you sure know how to show a girl a good time." I laugh with you and kiss your lovely mouth.

We spend the rest of the evening drinking champagne and soaking in the tub, flirting and teasing one another, finally curling up in the sheets and falling asleep in each other's arms......and then, I woke up.