 Morrigan stood impatiently by the glass doors that opened out from the back of her estate into her garden. The sun would be rising soon and her lover should have long ago returned from her hunt. The white-haired woman remembered many nights just like this one many years ago when she stood waiting for the same thing in the same place for the same reason. Several decades ago, she would find herself standing outside those very doors at every turn of the moon. But during all those full moons her lover had returned eagerly to her arms, even before her transformation was through. 

She would come with game in her jaws and would present it to her proudly, always eager to show off her skills. They would watch the sunrise together until it was too unbearable for Mo's sensitive eyes to handle. And after the full moon had worn off, Mag would shrug off her werewolf form and they would head into the safety of the dark mansion. Depending on the two women's patience, they would either bathe off the blood, moss and dirt from Magdalena's dark skin and out of her wild curls. Or else they would head straight to bed and spend the entirety of the daylight hours in each others embrace. They would make love until both were spent and then they would sleep until the sun had once again set below the horizon, allowing for Morrigan to safely wander the world.

The vampire supposed it was too much to ask for the werewolf to be eager to return to her. After so long apart with so many bitter feelings toward her, it was a miracle Magdalena had come to her home at all. While they did spend many hours together, it was obvious the honeymoon stage was over. Her lover was not so affectionate or needy anymore. In her time alone she had become very independant and negative. She was wiser in the way of the world and there was much less wonder in her eyes. That imaginative and free spirited naive young woman had been replaced by someone who had seen more than it seemed she had wanted to see. She had been tortured by all kinds and been shunted by her own kind. She had experienced more anger than any one person should be allowed to bear and she had failed to satiate that anger for many years. She'd starved nearly to death, been hunted, and traveled the world in search of her own game. But no matter how different the woman acted, Mo could not shake her feelings for her. 

Perhaps she was clinging to some false idea that it could be as wonderful as it used to be almost a century ago. They were happy together once and Mo wished more than anything that the world could return to that innocent time. It was unfair to ask it of Mag, she mused. It was unfair to wish her to remain blissfully ignorant just so that she could have some peace of mind. That time was long gone and it would never be the same again. All Mo could ask now was that Mag would not decide once again to take her anger out on her. 

A shadow slipped around the trees, catching Mo's attention and pulling her from her thoughts. As she observed the shape, it became obvious who it was. She smiled with relief and watched the battered, dirty and naked woman emerge from the treeline and into the borders of the garden. The moon had released its grip on her already and the sun was coming perilously close to being fully risen. Morrigan tentatively shuffled further into the shade of her home, wishing her lover would hurry to her. 

But she walked at her own pace, seeming not to even notice the fact that someone was waiting for her. She rolled her shoulders, and rubbed the sore muscles of her arms. Mo could see her how her body moved, tired and aching from her night in the woods. It was doubtful she would be willing to continue their tradition of spending the day together as they once did. This was only their first full moon together after a thousand alone. Mo would be patient with her and just let it happen when the right time came.

It surprised her when Mag looked up from her body up to the crystal doors and the expression on her face wasn't that usual annoyed sneer. Mag seemed as surprised as she was that Mo was standing there waiting. Her pace slowed and her eyes glanced to the sun, silently asking her question. Yes, it was hurting her, but she would wait an entire day out in the light if she knew Mag would be coming to her. Mo smiled sheepishly and took a few steps further from the door and into the shade behind the doors, to which she was granted another surprising reaction. Mag hurried herself! She jogged down the garden path and up the stairs, her long legs taking her a long distance with each step. And when she reached the double crystal doors, she shut them tight, darkening the room and bringing Mo a great feeling of relief. 

"The hell are you doing?" the dark-haired woman snapped, making sure the curtains on the doors were closed tightly, protecting the vampire from daylight. "Don't you have anything better to do than to stand there like an idiot?" the berating continued.

With any other person, Morrigan would never have tolerated such impudence. Whatever poor soul dared speak down to her with such disrespect would have had their throat slit in moments. But under Magdalena's gaze, Mo found herself cowering, staring guiltily down the slim and muscled brown legs before her at the bare brown feet. Mo feared no one, not even this tall and dangerous werewolf. They had battled many times in the past and Mo knew she could take her in a fair fight. What she did fear was that scorn. Ever since her return, Mag had been fiery in temper and easy to anger. So far she had not done anything that would cause her to leave once more, but she felt as if she was walking on coals trying to please this woman. It was unhealthy, she knew, but she needed this woman like an addict needed their own personal vices. 

After a very strained moment of silence where Mag received no answer, she seemed to soften. Mo looked up when she heard a resigned sigh escape the naked woman's lips. Without warning, those lips were at her own and she felt a very soft kiss grace her mouth. "I'm sorry," came the hoarse apology. Morrigan did not think Magdalena was even capable of feeling guilt anymore. She seemed so sure of herself and even arrogant at times. But there it was, a word that made her feel less at fault than she had felt in almost a century. "I'd forgotten what it was like back then. Just didn't think anyone was waiting for me anymore." Another soft kiss and Morrigan felt like she would melt. Brown fingers caressed her pale face and neck and hands cupped either cheek, almost holding her up to the loving kiss. 

Tentatively, Morrigan brought her hands to gently touch on the other woman's bare stomach. She felt smooth skin and taut muscle. This woman was a runner and a fighter and it showed. When there was no resistance, her hands moved more boldly along her naked sides, curving along with the woman's delicious shape. As her hands moved upwards. she could feel her lover's hands move down. Almost simultaneously, they touched on each other breasts. Magdalena's were small, but they were firm, perky and sensitive. Morrigan traced the tips her fingers along the hard brown nipples lovingly, enticing a moan from the lips attached to her own. Likewise, impossibly warm hands gripped her larger breasts through the fabric of her blouse and undergarments. Even through two layers of clothing, she could feel her heat and she wished for nothing more than to feel it directly on her skin. Luckily, Magdalena seemed to have that very same desire. 

The werewolf made a little distance between them to watch her own fingers deftly unbutton Morrigan's shirt. In seconds, her cleavage was clearly visible, skin pale against her black bra. Unfortunately, this moment could not continue. As desperate for that touch as both of them were, they were still in the middle of a hallway. Servants would be passing through any second to make sure the house was secure for the day and Morrigan did not think she had the constitution to be caught in public just yet. She knew for certain that Magdalena had never been the exhibitionist type. Pale hands pulled brown ones away from her chest, holding them to either side of her body gently. She received a questioning and annoyed look from the taller woman and she answered by leaning bodily against her and standing on tip toe to be able to whisper in her ear.

"I would prefer somewhere more private, my love," her voice was low and sensual and it pleased her to feel the body against her own shiver. "How about we retreat to the bath? God knows we both deserve to just relax and soak." Morrigan knew by then that she had to be careful with her words around this one' as with everything. She had a silver tongue but many times now Magdalena could recognize and didn't appreciate being manipulated. And yet, she could not simply insult the woman to her face and tell her she reeked from her night in the woods. So a sincere suggestion that included the both of them and did not sound like a command seemed just the right thing to say. Still manipulative, but less obvious, she reasoned.

Relief filled her when the words were agreed to positively and she felt Magdalena nod, their cheeks rubbing against one another. Deep red lips spread into a smile and she stepped back to take her lover's hand. It was a lack of foresight that she did not bring anything for Mag to cover herself in, but she didn't seem to think anything of it. Morrigan knew that she definitely didn't mind. Delicately, the pale woman led the dark one through the house, passing only a few respectful maids on their way up the stairs and toward the mansion's master bedroom. 

Only after the door was closed and locked behind them did Morrigan release Magdalena's hand. Without a word. she crossed the room toward the attached bathroom, disappearing within to run the bath. The porcelain bathroom was shining white and always meticulously clean. In all of Mo's long, long life, only Mag had been able to get away with making a mess. And sure enough, this woman was getting away with murder with the way her dirty feel padded along the floor, smearing her accumulated filth along the carpet and tile. The woman followed her into the bathroom, looking on in silent awe at the changes that had been made. The last time she had seen the bathroom, plumbing was a new concept and it had not been completely installed within quite yet. Now the room looked just as modern as any other. Except for the layout, Mag did not seem to recognize the room. 

Silently, Mo waved her over to the large jacuzzi-style tub, a mildly amused grin on her red lips. Mag, in a rare moment of obedience, did as she was bidden. She stepped up to the tub and Mo stepped up to her once more, taking each of her hands to place them on her buttons once more. "Now we can finish where we left off," she cooed, a sly smile on her lips. The smile was returned and the dark woman took no time in unfastening the remaining buttons and shoving the blouse from Mo's arms. The garment was thoughtlessly tossed to the tile floor in the same moment that Mag's hands started pushing away Mo's jeans. 

As the massive bath slowly filled, Mag took the time to make a show of the task. She lowered her body as she lowered the pants and panties from Mo's hips. She was on her knees before her shapely lover, her mouth exploring her lower belly. The undressing ended at Mo's ankles as they both became preoccupied with Mag's kisses. Her lips sucked and nipped at the flawless skin, as white and clean as the porcelain bathroom around them. As her lips moved lower still, Mo could feel herself shudder in anticipation. Those dark lips kissed the mound of her sex, tickling the thin, white, untrimmed hair and sending further sensations straight through her. Morrigan's resulting moan seemed to encourage her lover onward and prompted a tongue to snake from between her lips and between her own nether ones. 

Morrigan's stomach clenched from the pleasure. She stepped from her jeans, pulling her bare feet free to be able to spread them wider. Mag took the hint and licked eagerly at the area, tasting her juices. It was only then that Mo realized how wet she had become in her anticipation of this moment. She could feel Mag's tongue place focus on Mo's clit for a moment, sending lightning up through her body and causing her legs to go weak. She might have fallen had strong brown hands not taken grip around her thighs to hold her steady. With the arms wrapped around her legs, the fingers at each end tickled her skin, One caressed her inner thigh, another pushed upward past her legs to grip her buttox, the soft flesh molding between her fingers. 

Without thinking, the vampire's hands flew to their own positions. One settled in the werewolf's tangled mane. She gripped her locks and stroked her scalp with the tips of her fingers. Mag's head tilted, catching Mo's attention and she looked down to find she was looking back at her, watching. Pink appeared on Mo's cheeks and she loosened her grip sheepishly. It was hard to read those dark eyes lately, but it was very easy to feel intimidated by them. Whatever she must have been thinking it did not change her technique. Her whole mouth was working along the channel, sucking, nipping, kissing, stroking. She could feel her tongue threatening to enter her, driving her mad as it passed over her slit and denying her that pleasure, if only to replace it with a different pleasure with the continued stimulation of her clit. The motion was repetitive and she felt like she was in a trance, emotions flitting between impatience and wishing it would never end. Mo's other hand moved to her own breast, grasping it through the fabric of her bra tightly as if she needed something to cling to; as if it would steady her and bring her back down to earth.

At some point, Morrigan had expected her lover to release her grip on her and finish undressing her so they might slip into the tub together. But she clung tightly to her and her assault between her legs only became more and more passionate and concentrated. The pleasure built and built with each passing second. Every time those lips sucked or that tongue flicked her clit, her body writhed and she moaned low with delight. She could not bring herself to stop it. She had wanted for this for so long. Her only dismay was in that she could not return the pleasure given her to the beautiful woman on her knees. They would continue play through the day, she hoped, and when the time came, she silently determined herself to return that pleasure tenfold.

The end came very suddenly and powerfully. Morrigan cried out as she reached her orgasm. Even as her cum flowed from her, Mag did not move away, sucking all the more eagerly to taste her and keep the moment going for as long as she could. 

Morrigan heard laughter and glanced down, shocked by the sudden sound and change of tone. She was too lightheaded and breathless to process what was so funny right away. Mag's attention had moved from Mo's sex to the tile below them where water from the tub had begun to overflow in their carelessness. Mag pushed off of the floor and reached for the water spout while Mo recovered. She twisted the knob off and reached further down to pull the plug from the drain. "Perhaps we should focus on one thing at a time," she grinned up at her. Mo laughed in turn and nodded, her body still tingling from her climax. 

Once the water had emptied a bit, Magdalena replaced the drain. She stood once more to finish her previous task. Long arms reached around Morrigan to unclasp the black bra and it was tossed aside with all the rest of her clothes. The look on Mag's face as they bounced free amused Mo to no end. The woman bit her lip and seemed almost hungry. It was a look she had not seen on her face before, but she returned her lustful gaze. She took her lover's arms and pulled her toward her as she stepped into the tub, guiding her to sit in front of her, their legs entwined. 

Morrigan insisted on washing Magdalena first. She was the one covered in filth after all. She reached over the side and grabbed a clean loofa from the cabinet beside the tub as well as a scented bottle of body wash. She poured the soap liberally onto the sponge, filling the room with the sweet scent of flowers. Even before Morrigan had reached over to start scrubbing her lover's skin, the water had already become soiled by her dirtied feet and the blood that had clung to her. It disgusted Morrigan, but she knew the water would become plenty dirty still before this bath was done. 

Magdalena seemed willing to just allow Morrigan to do her task. She sat back against the side of the tub, legs splayed wide and revealing every part of her lovely body to the other without shame. Eagerly, Mo got to work. She scrubbed soap and water across her lover's skin, starting with her shoulders and making a path across her chest. She avoided touching her breasts, though her eyes could not look away from the erect nipples pointing right at her. She wanted to put her mouth on them so badly, but she bit her lip, determined to continue her washing first. She scrubbed down Mag's belly going as low as he pelvic area before the loofa was guided back up her left side. She took Mag's arm and spread it out in front of her to wash that as well. The next arm and then down her right side to her hips. Down her right leg, up her left, she worked slowly and thoroughly, glancing occasionally at the impatient expression on Mag's face. 

By the time she was done with her front, the water was all sorts of disgusting. Morrigan reached for the drain and allowed the tub to empty. She stood, taking Magdalena's hand and pulling her up alongside her. She motioned for her to pull the curtains closed and she did so. Once the tub was empty, Mo turned the faucet and pulled the tab that would reroute the water to the shower head above them. It rinsed them both well, leaving their skin clean and shining. With her feet, Mo started pushing the remaining filth from the tub down the drain until it was once more clean enough to seat themselves. 

While the water still showered down on them, she motioned for Mag to kneel in front of her again. "Your hair is an impossible mess, dear," she explained. "I can't reach it from down here." The woman must have been a full head taller than she was. Magdalena returned to her knees with only an uncertain look on her face to protest. Once again, Morrigan reached for the cabinet behind the tub and grabbed bottles of shampoo and conditioner... she would need a lot of conditioner to manage this crazy mop. She poured the shampoo onto her palm and started scrubbing through the tangles, laughing when her fingers became impossibly entwined with the curls. Magdalena caught on soon after and had to help her untangle herself several times before they had washed through the entire mass. 

"When was the last time you properly combed through your hair, my love?" she giggled, stepping back to let the shower rinse the soap from her hair. Her eyes traveled down her body along with the dripping white shampoo, as it trailed down her breasts, over her nipples and down her belly. It was such an oddly erotic little detail.

"Oh come on, it's not that bad, is it?" Mag laughed in turn, pulling Mo's wandering eyes back to her smiling face. "My hair is just thick. I can stand up after it's been combed through and there would already be knots again!" She ran her hands through the dark clumps, pulling her fingers through the tangles with some effort. "At least it's not matted."

"This is true," the vampire agreed, pursing her lips in a smile. She then took the bottle of conditioner and stood in front of the water once more so that she could rub the oily soap through as well. She was careful not to pull too harshly on her scalp with each tangle or knot that she combed her fingers through. She would do a more thorough job of that once they were out of the tub. She stepped aside for the second rinse and this time, Mag stood up to be able to wash the conditioner out herself and once more, Mo could not keep her eyes from the contrast of the white suds sensually caressing the dark skin on its path downward.
