 "Hey Mags, check it out! I found my new boyfriend!" 

Maggie pulled her gaze away from the rows of pink boxes before her and made her way down the aisle to where Sasha was standing. The tall, lithe brunette was holding a large, glossy box with a picture of a bikini-clad model on the front. Maggie studied the lettering on the package. Big Tex, she read, apparently referring to the mammoth silicone dong inside. The platinum blonde model was wearing a cowboy hat adorned with cheesy rhinestones, an equally gaudy bikini top, and a black thong. The model's eyes were closed and her mouth was half-open in fake ecstasy. 

"You'll yell 'Yee-Haw' every time!" Maggie rolled her eyes. 

"What if 'Yee-Haw' just isn't your style? Could you yell something else, like...'Cowabunga'? Or do you even have to yell at all?" Maggie's finger traced the embossed lettering on the box. "Surely you could just be like, 'Oh yes, this is quite nice', spoken in a normal tone of voice..." 

Sasha gave her friend a withering stare. "You're missing the whole point, Mags." She pointed to the picture of Big Tex, in all his pinkish, veiny glory. Once that big boy is inside, you're gonna lose all ability to comprehend words, let alone have the brain power for witty comebacks." Sasha pushed her glasses back up on her nose and looked sidelong at Maggie. "Besides, everything's supposed to be bigger in Texas!" She dropped her voice to an unnecessarily low volume. "Shouldn't that go for orgasms too?" she hissed, tittering. 

Maggie couldn't help but stifle a chuckle herself. Here they were in the middle of an adult novelty store, at the request of an overly giggly Sasha who'd had one too many Sangrias, and the poor girl now couldn't even bring herself to say the word "orgasm" in a regular tone of voice without being all self-conscious. 

Maggie turned her head to survey their surroundings. "Why in the hell are you whispering, Sosh? Or should I say...Slosh?" She gave her tipsy friend a knowing wink. "Seriously though, there's not even anyone else in here. Well, except for her..." Maggie jerked her head toward the lonely cashier, who was busy tidying up her checkout display halfway across the store. "And believe me, she ain't gonna care if you use the O-word. Besides, this was YOUR idea in the first place..." 

"I know, I know Mags." Sasha reached out to tousle Maggie's thick, naturally curly auburn hair. "Don't get pissy with me. I just want this to be a good experience for you. For us." Her voice suddenly took on a more sobering tone as she rested her hand on Maggie's shoulder, gently grazing the curvy redhead's neck with her fingernails. The gesture was just intentional enough to send little shivers of pleasure down Maggie's spine. She could feel her cheeks redden as Sasha's surprisingly clear green eyes stared intently back into her own brown ones from behind the designer frames. For a few perfect seconds, neither woman moved nor spoke a word; they just held their gaze, delving deeper into each other's souls. For us. Maggie let those two simple words roll around in her mind, swirling amidst the silence. Only the ubiquitous dance pop soundtrack looped in the background over the store's PA system. 

Sasha spoke first, breaking the all-too-brief spell. "Um, so...obviously Big Tex isn't quite your speed. I think I should put him back." Her eyes quickly darted down to the box still in her hand. 

Maggie caught her breath. "Um, yeah, totally not for me. I mean, she looks like a Dallas Cowboys cheerleader reject! So. Many. Rhinestones. Like she got in a fight with the Bedazzler and lost." She chuckled softly, relieved to be regaining control. Humor was much safer to her than the silent, total honesty from a few moments earlier. That was too...disarming. "Am I right, Slosh?" She gave her friend a playful poke in the ribs. 

"Stop calling me that! I'm not drunk! I'm just...a little...warm..." Sasha fumbled with the other boxes on the shelf, desperately attempting to make enough room for Big Tex and his behemoth box. It wasn't working. "Maybe a giant cock isn't the way to go. Wanna go look at vibrators instead?" 

Now there was an idea! "Okay!" Maggie's voice brightened considerably at the suggestion. She grabbed her friend, who was still trying to wrangle Big Tex back into his rightful resting place on the shelf. Maggie snatched the box out of Sasha's free hand and unceremoniously dumped it sideways on top of two other boxes. "She needs some work to do, anyway", motioning to the cashier who was now half-heartedly straightening the negligees and teddies that hung off the mannequins in the storefront. Sasha reluctantly abandoned her quest to re-shelve Big Tex and allowed Maggie to drag her by the wrist into the next section, away from the rows of dismembered, oversized cocks. 

*** 

"Were you more interested in rotating, thrusting, or both?" Maggie surveyed the plethora of sparkly pinks and purples before Sasha and her. For some reason, she felt much more at home in this section than she did in The Land of Giant Dongs. "Personally, I'm partial to the rotating. I can thrust on my own if I want to..." Her voice trailed off as she looked at Sasha, who was absentmindedly staring off into the distance as if lost in her own daydream, an odd half-smile spreading across her face. 

"Dude? Slosh?" 

Maggie's voice snapped Sasha out of her reverie. She blinked a few times. "Um, yeah, definitely thrusting. Or not. Whatever, Mags..." She started to drift back to her happy place, so Maggie jabbed her in the ribs to bring her back. "Ow! Bitch!" Sasha started rubbing her side, shooting her friend a heated glare. 

"Hey, at least now you're back on Planet Earth, Major Tom. Where the hell was your mind? I was trying to talk to you and I might as well have been talking to my cat. Sorry I had to get rough with you." Maggie put her hand to her friend's side, the top of her hand lightly grazing the underside of Sasha's bra. The redhead felt another fire slowly build up in her cheeks and quickly pulled her hand away. 

"It's cool. I shouldn't have spaced out on you. I was just...it's not important." Sasha squared her shoulders and pushed her glasses back up on her nose. "I'm good. It's all good. Rabbit." 

"What?" 

"Rabbit. I want a rabbit." She pointed to a box with a large, glittery purple vibrator cutout. "Wascally Wabbit," Maggie read aloud. Her nose crinkled up. "It's nice, but do you really wanna think of Elmer Fudd every time you're about to cum?" She fluttered her eyelids in fake ecstasy. "'Yes, Elmer, oh YES! Don't stop! It's Wabbit Season! Ha-h-h-h-h-ha!'" Her voice was breathy and rapturous. 

"Oh my GAWD, Mags! Shut up!" Sasha sputtered, convulsing with laughter. "Fuck. I can't take you anywhere, can I?" She wiped a tear away from her eye. 

"And you're just now figuring this out?" Maggie winked impishly. "How long have you known me?" 

"Long enough." 

"I believe it's been at least two years now. Definitely long enough to know better than to let me loose in public without proper supervision." 

"Yes, my mistake. What was I thinking? I guess I should get you back to your cave before you do something to embarrass us. OOPS...too late." Sasha muttered wryly. 

"Please. You love me and you know it." Maggie blew Sasha a kiss. "Now, are we gonna hang out here all night and browse, or are we actually gonna buy anything? I have wine at home that's calling our name." She glanced at Sasha, whose cheeks were flushed from all the laughter and alcohol. "Or at least, it's calling my name. I think you've already had enough." 

"Pssh. You're no fun. I'm just getting started!" Sasha did a wobbly celebratory jig, then leaned in close to Maggie. "But I am gonna need you to drive." Her breath, hot on Maggie's ear, smelled of sweet and spicy Sangria. For a split second, Maggie wondered what it would be like to taste Sasha's soft lips. 

"Gee Slosh, big shock there." Maggie's voice dripped with sarcasm as she grinned at her inebriated friend. 

"Bitch, what did I tell you about calling me that!? You're gonna get it." Sasha balled up a fist in mock anger as she followed Maggie out the front door of the adult novelty store and out to Maggie's car. 

You're gonna get it. Sasha's words echoed in Maggie's ears as she buckled her seat belt and drove back to her house, Sasha in the seat next to her. 

That's kinda what I'm hoping for. 

*** 

"So...Mags, darling." Sasha poured herself a glass of White Zin, while Maggie sat across from her at the kitchen island, finishing off her second glass of Moscato. "What was your favorite thing about the sex shop tonight? I know we found some things that I would've enjoyed, but what did you find that piqued your interest?" 

Without missing a beat, Maggie replied, "Big Tex. If nothing else, for reminding me of the forgotten art of Bedazzling." 

"Mags!" Sasha gave her friend an exasperated look. "Jesus Christ. Does everything have to be a joke with you? Can you not just be straight with me?" 

"Why no, I can't," Maggie snorted. "Because I'm bi, remember? I can't be straight with anyone, especially you." 

"Especially me?" Sasha lifted an eyebrow. 

Oh, shit. 

Maggie cleared her throat. "Um, yeah." She grabbed the Moscato bottle, emptying it into her glass. "Only because you're one of the few that know about that. And because you can relate..." She quickly gulped down half of the wine. 

Sasha's features softened. That odd little half-smile once more crept across her lips. "Yeah, I guess you could say that." She lazily traced the rim of her glass with her index finger. "Still, that was a long time ago. Way before I met that asshole Derek. Or you." Her finger paused as she turned to meet Maggie's gaze. 

Maggie bristled. "Now, come on Sasha; you promised me you weren't gonna bring up He Who Must Not Be Named tonight! Do I need to get you another pitcher of Sangria to remind you of that?" 

"I know, I know! Sorry, hon." Sasha knocked back the rest of her wine and grabbed the bottle for a refill. "Okay, tell you what." She finished pouring and set the bottle on the counter, turning to once again face Maggie. "From here on out, no more De- ...no more of that asshole. Hell, no more guys, period! I'm done with dudes for a while. Fuck 'em. Or not." Sasha giggled. "No, definitely not. Not anymore! Not when they keep fucking me over. Know what I mean, Mags? " 

"Here, here!" Maggie raised her glass in a celebratory toast. She was really starting to like drunk, giggly, flirty, filthy-mouthed Sasha. It was a refreshing change of pace from the usual uptight, self-conscious yet still adorable Sasha. Maggie had only seen her drunk once before, the previous year at a friend's New Year's Eve party. That was the night of their first kiss. Well, at least, sort of. More like drunk Sasha was aiming for Maggie's cheek, but instead somehow ended up smearing across her mouth. That totally counts, right? 

"Oh, wow." Sasha slid her glasses off her face and closed her eyes, giggling. She reached up and pulled the ponytail holder out of her hair, then sloppily massaged her scalp with her fingers. "I think I'm really buzzed right now!" She opened her eyes to look at Maggie, then burst out laughing. 

Understatement of the year, Maggie thought to herself. "I think you're beyond buzzed, Slosh." She got up from her stool to put her wineglass in the sink. As she passed Sasha, she suddenly felt a hard, stinging slap across her backside. 

Maggie whirled around in shock. Sasha was smirking. 

"I told you that you were gonna get it if you kept calling me that!" She waggled a finger in mock scolding. "Can't say I didn't warn ya..." She then winked at Maggie, erupting into another fit of laughter. "I'm sorry...I couldn't help myself...dat fine ass was right in front of me..." 

Somehow, Sasha had managed to stand up and was now doing pelvic thrusts while smacking an imaginary booty, all the while chanting "Smack dat ass! Smack dat ass!" Maggie lost her composure at that and was now herself convulsing with giggles. 

I don't know who you are and what you've done with my Sasha, but I really like you. 

Maggie turned around and backed herself against Sasha's thrusting hips. Sasha enthusiastically rewarded her with more rhythmic ass smacks. Both women laughed until their sides hurt and they were gasping for air. They slowly collapsed onto the kitchen floor, Sasha still clinging to Maggie's backside. Maggie sighed loudly, attempting to regain her composure. 

They lay there silently for a minute, spooning. Sasha gave Maggie's round ass a firm squeeze with both hands. "You do have a really fine ass, Mags." Her hands circled Maggie's waist before traveling upward to her chest. "And awesome tits. I am so fucking jealous of your magnificent tits." Sasha's fingers were deliberately exploring Maggie's ample breasts over her T-shirt, caressing, squeezing, massaging. Maggie moaned in appreciation, surprised at how natural all of this felt to her. Best friends felt each other up all the time, right? 

"Do you like that, Mags?" Sasha murmured into her friend's ear. "Do you like me playing with your tits that way?" 

Hell fucking yes I like it! Holy shit, how much have you had to drink? Are you doing what I think you're doing? 

"Mmmm..." Maggie pulled upward at the hem of her T-shirt , yanking it above her bosom. Sasha responded by sliding her fingers into the cups of Maggie's bra. She began gently rolling each of Maggie's nipples between her thumb and forefinger until the pink flesh hardened in response to her touch. Maggie's breath became ragged, her arousal heightening. 

"Maggie." Sasha's voice went husky in Maggie's ear. Hearing Sasha say her name that way sent delicious tingles up her spine. "You never answered my question." 

Maggie's brow furrowed. "What question?" 

"I asked you what had piqued your interest at the sex shop. You never gave me a straight-" Sasha paused. "You never told me your real answer. Now, I'll ask you again." One of Sasha's hands moved away from Maggie's breast and began tracing the nape of her neck. "And I want you to be completely honest with me. What did you see there that caught your eye?" 

Maggie licked her lips. "There...there was one thing..." 

"Mmm-hmmm..." Sasha began to nibble at Maggie's neck. 

"It was...a double-ended dildo." Maggie's cheeks flamed. She was fairly certain it wasn't from the wine. 

Sasha paused in mid-nibble. Her hands stilled. She lifted her head. 

"I saw that, too! It was purple, wasn't it?" The husky voice was gone, and now she sounded just like everyday Sasha. 

Maggie groaned quietly. "Yeah, it was..." 

"And it was over there by the strap-ons, right?" 

"Umm, I think so. It was kinda hard to miss. I mean, it had to be at least three feet long." 

"Is that why it caught your eye - because it's so long?" 

"No, not exactly...it was something else..." 

Sasha cupped Maggie's chin, gently turning her friend's face towards her own. She looked down into Maggie's eyes. "Tell me, Maggie." Her voice was firm. "Tell me why that double dildo piqued your interest. I want to hear you say the words." 

Maggie gazed up at Sasha, or whoever this magnificent, sexy creature was that was now staring back at her. Wild, messy hair that tumbled freely past her shoulders and lightly tickled Maggie's cheek. Glittering green eyes, liberated from the frames and lenses that so often shielded their brilliance. Rosy complexion, flushed with excitement and arousal. God, she was gorgeous. For a moment, Maggie was unable to speak, dumbstruck by the beauty before her. Finally, she caught her breath. 

"Because it made me think of you, Sasha. Because I wanted to fuck you with it." 

God, it felt good to finally say that out loud. 

The next thing Maggie knew, Sasha's mouth was on hers. Warm, soft, wet, exploring. There was a hunger in Sasha's kiss as her tongue eagerly probed Maggie's. When she finally came up for air, she caught Maggie's lower lip with her mouth and gently sucked at it as she slowly pulled away. The playful gesture sent a lightning bolt through Maggie, and she shuddered as Sasha finally released her hold. Maggie's head spun as Sasha leaned over and whispered in her ear. 

"You don't need a dildo to do that. You can fuck me right here, if you want to." 

That was all it took. The two women became a flurry of roaming hands, desperate to remove each other's clothing. Maggie hastily fumbled with the buttons on Sasha's blouse while Sasha tugged at the zipper on Maggie's jeans. Every new inch of skin revealed was welcomed with kisses, nibbles, and caresses. Finally, when both women were in only their bra and panties, the urgency subsided. Here's where it would get real, and neither one wanted to rush that part. 

Maggie cleared her throat. "You know, I have a perfectly good bed in there that's way more comfortable than this cold, hard floor. Wanna relocate?" 

Sasha smiled and nodded. "That sounds perfect. Come on." She helped Maggie up and they walked hand in hand past their clothes, haphazardly scattered across the kitchen floor, on the way down the hall to Maggie's bedroom. 

*** 

Maggie had barely closed the bedroom door behind her before Sasha pounced on her again, pushing them both back into the wooden door. Maggie moaned softly as she felt the weight of Sasha's warm body pressed up against her own, kissing each other deeply and forcefully. Maggie ran one hand through Sasha's hair while digging her nails into Sasha's bare shoulder with the other. She managed to unhook Sasha's bra and tugged the straps down her arms until everything fell away to the bedroom rug. Maggie broke away from the kiss to gaze down at the beauty of Sasha's exposed breasts, full and round, the nipples erect. She could feel wetness forming between her legs as she cupped each breast in her hands, kneading the soft, warm flesh. Maggie slowly bent forward until she was buried in Sasha's cleavage. It was Sasha's turn to moan as Maggie began to flick the hardened nipples with her agile tongue. Sasha's breath shuddered as she looked down at her friend nuzzled between her breasts. She ran her fingers through the untamed auburn curls, sighing as she felt Maggie's tongue teasing and circling her areolas. Sasha closed her eyes and bit her lip, feeling the intensity build within her. 

"Mmmm...yes...ah...oh Maggie...ah...oh God..." Her grip on the back of Maggie's head tightened, the nails lightly digging into her scalp. Maggie, pleased by the feedback she was receiving, gently caught Sasha's nipple between her teeth, giving it an ever-so-subtle bite. Sasha let out a little high-pitched yelp, inhaling sharply. She threw back her head, arching her back, giving Maggie even more access to her bosom. Maggie responded by opening her mouth and taking in as much of Sasha's breast as she could, suckling gently. Sasha moaned even louder, running her nails up and down Maggie's neck. Maggie felt goosebumps form on her bare flesh in response to Sasha's touch, her wetness increasing by the minute. She had never been so turned on in her life as she was now. It was delicious. 

Maggie withdrew her mouth from Sasha's breast and looked up at her. Sasha stared back intently, breathing rapidly. 

"Sasha." Now Maggie's voice was husky. "I want you on my bed. Now." She stood upright and began to step forward, holding on to Sasha's waist and backing her up to the edge of the bed. They both collapsed sideways onto the bed facing each other. More kissing, more exploring hands. Sasha unclasped Maggie's bra and tore it off her. Both women were now naked except for their panties. 

Sasha rolled over onto her back and spread her legs apart. "Tell me how you want me, Mags." She put a hand between her legs and began rubbing it against her mound. "Tell me what you want to do to me." Maggie stared lustily as the thin fabric of Sasha's sensible cotton panties began to dampen in response to her touch. Maggie licked her lips. 
