 It had been a long day. Work was hard, traffic was a nightmare and the only thing that made it worth it in the end was coming home to my slut. Unfortunately for her, she had made the mistake of leaving a few dishes out around the house last night, so her punishment had been served out through the day. And that was where I found her when I came home. The house was dark. Aside from a few lights that I had left on knowing that no one would be wondering around the house. After removing my work shoes, I made my way to the spare bedroom. Where I would find her. Curvy brown haired slut. She had been positioned on her back, legs spread wide and kept in place by a simple nylon rope that knotted under the bed. Arms were bound behind her back in a rather chaotic knot that held her together from wrist to elbow. It had probably proven to be very uncomfortable for her, not that I cared. The only thing that kept her from sitting up was the collar fitting snuggly around her neck and secured to the headboard by that same nylon rope. Between her parted thighs was a rather fun contraption. A Hitachi Vibrator that was hooked up to a rather simple timer that would keep her on edge all day long. It would commence an attack on her swollen and very sensitive clit for a good twenty minutes before shutting off for an hour and a half. Currently, it appeared to be on the off stage and my slut appeared to be resting. She was offered a slight advantage of having a blindfold covering her eyes to keep me from knowing if she happened to be asleep or not. Unlucky for her, I didn't quite care how many times she had already achieved an orgasm. I had to take my day out on her.

"It looks as though you had a rather nice punishment, bitch," I spoke softly as I began my tedious task of undressing and preparing for the long night I had in front of me.

"Oh! Mistress, please. Let me cum for you. I swear I'll never miss another dish. Just please. It's been torture! I feel like I'll explode if you let me cum right now!" The begging had started.

"Stop. It's punishment you dumb whore. It's not supposed to be enjoyable. I'm going to wait until your next round of vibrating starts before I do anything else to you. When was the last time it was on?"

"About an hour, Miss...." There she was. I knew the moment of weakness could be forgiven. She usually was easy to correct.

"Good, then I have plenty of time to get ready," I smiled in an evil manner before stripping down out of my work clothes. In place of the modest skirt and blouse I put on a long and thick black dildo into my strap on. Nothing went over that. On top, a simple red sports bra to barely hold my C cups. I left my feet bare, but pulled my shoulder length brown hair back into a simple ponytail. As I waited, I lubed up the fake dick and made my way to the head of the bed. With little maneuvering, I found myself hovering above her, my body facing towards her head. My knowledgeable submissive felt the depressions on the bed and without a single urging from me, parted her full lips. A few inches of a thrust was given and the 10" dildo found its way into her mouth and soon deep in her throat.

"Oh, you've been wanting this, haven't you my little whore. Such a good little dick sucker, huh?" I asked and used all of my self-control to suppress my moans. I did so love watching a fake dick disappear in her mouth. It was probably a very close second to watching it slide deep into her wet pussy. While I rocked my hips to make it a chore for her to suck on my rubber cock. This went on for a good ten to twenty minutes before I heard her moaning around the intruder in her mouth. I knew the vibration had started up again. It caused a grin from me and the dildo was slipped from her lips with a loud pop. A bit of moving on my part and soon, I was between her trembling legs. Right as I observed the signs of a very obvious orgasm, the vibrator was pulled from my submissives' sensitive clit and instead, she was rewarded with the pleasure of having that thick cock guided into her waiting wetness. I was rewarded with a nice cry of pleasure and could feel her strain against the restraints.

"Thank you, Mistress!" she cried out as she began to rock her hips to urge me to start my assault on her dripping pussy.

"Mmm, that's what I like to see, slut," I smiled and started to rock my hips giving quick and short thrusts. I could feel her cunt squeezing the fake intruder tightly. Almost as if she didn't want it to ever leave her body. Not that I could blame her. Since the day she had come to me, I had trained her to be a willing and waiting whore. I watched with each thrust of my hips as her massive tits bounced. Gravity was an amazing thing when you had a woman with massive D cups laying on her back. I had to admit, this wasn't going to be the only position I enjoyed her body in, however. Reaching down, I had to indulge myself and rolled her large nipples between my fingers. The way her breath caught in her throat as soon as I touched her caused a surge of wetness to my own pussy while I watched her.

"Your nipples were so neglected today, right slut?" I asked her as I gave a tug. However, she didn't once prevent herself from vocalizing her pleasure. She knew better. I loved those moans and cries of pleasure.

"Yes, Miss," was the only answer I received, which was fine with me. The less she spoke, the more she could focus on my expert hips and fingers. Gently, I captured my bottom lip between my teeth as I studied her face. The way her lips were parted in a simple "O" shape. No more sound was coming from her, but I could tell she had hit that wall. The wall that she had been craving to reach all day. Ever since the first time the powerful vibrator touched her sensitive clit. Toes curled as her body shook and rocked. Finally, she let out a loud scream. That was what I wanted to hear. Reaching down, I slowly removed the blindfold so that I could see her whole face while I spoke to her.

"Oh, slut.... This is only the beginning..." I said softly when she finally opened her eyes. Panting heavily, she offered me a smile and a simple nod.

"My body is yours to do with as you wish, Mistress."

"Perfect."