 Author's Note: Again, there is not much sex in these chapters as Calie and Leah are trying to figure out where their relationship is going. Thank you to everyone who has stuck with me and continue to read Forbidden Feelings. 

X

Friday morning, I slept until my alarm went off. That is a rarity for me; usually my internal clock gets me up about ten minutes before the alarm goes off. As I turned off the annoying buzzing, I realized that I had a craving in my mouth...a craving for Leah. I rolled back onto my pillows and thought about the dream that I woke up to.

I was waiting by our front window for Leah to get home. When I saw her pass my house and pull into her driveway, I went outside and called her over. As soon as we were back behind closed doors, I wrapped my arms around her and kissed her. Without leaving her lips, I unbuttoned her blouse and slid it off. Then I went for her bra. As soon as that was on the ground, I helped her take off her pants and panties. I helped her to lay down on the floor, both of us too excited to go upstairs to the bedroom. As soon as she was on the floor, my lips moved south. Down her neck...down the valley between her breasts...down her stomach...searching for her core. As soon as my mouth touched her lower lips, and I got a taste of her sweet juice, my alarm went off...that annoying buzz that woke me from a wonderful dream. No wonder I had a taste for Leah in my mouth, but I knew that I was not going to be able to quench that thirst tonight...

----------

That night, after eating pizza and drinking some beers, Meghan, Liam, Leah, Travis, Gabriel, and myself all settled down to watch The Day After Tomorrow. We sat like we usually did: Gabriel in the reclining chair, I sat on the floor leaning against the chair; Liam laid down on the couch with Meghan laying between his legs, head on his chest; Travis sat on the love seat, with Leah sitting on the floor, head against his leg. I noticed that Travis was using one hand to rub Leah's neck. Now I knew what she meant when she said that she was jealous when she saw Gabe and me together. I felt the same thing watching Travis massage Leah. 

We turned on the movie, but I couldn't concentrate. I kept watching Leah out of the corner of my eye. Although Travis had moved his hand by now, I still couldn't help wishing I could get closer to her. The way the hood from her sweatshirt curled up around her made her look so innocent...so beautiful...so relaxed. I couldn't stop my thoughts as they wandered back to last week...yet again. 

----------

Travis, Leah, Gabriel, and I left Liam and Meghan's house together. Gabe and I held hands on the short walk back to our house, while Travis and Leah walked in front of us, side-by-side. As we reached our house, Travis and Leah stopped to say goodnight to us. 

"Will you take a walk with me?" Leah asked me as the guys started talking.

"Sure," I responded.

Because the guys were still talking, I let go of Gabriel's hand and followed Leah. Both of us walked in silence with our hands tucked into the front pockets of our hooded sweatshirts. 

"It's so nice out here, isn't it?" Leah said finally.

Although it was mid-September now, the temperature rarely went below seventy at night. Fall weather seemed like a long way off.

"Amazing for this time of year," I responded as I started chuckling.

"What's so funny?" Leah questioned while giving me a confused look.

"Are we back to small talk about the weather?" I replied.

"Yeah, I guess we are," Leah said laughing.

We walked quietly for another hundred yards or so. 

"So, what's new with you?" I asked.

"Same stuff, different day, you know?" Leah replied.

"Yeah, same here," I responded. "It seems like it is just work, work, and more work. You know?"

"Yeah, I know exactly what you mean," she said.

"Oh, by the way, I'm in a charity softball game tomorrow for the city fire and police departments. My dad is the Fire Chief," Leah informed me, "You two interested in coming to watch?"

"Sounds fun." I replied, "Is Travis going with the kids?"

"Of course, and if he's lucky, he might get to play. Assuming we're short a person." Leah responded laughing, "Oh, and tickets are five dollars with all proceeds go to the fire company and police force, with a fifty/fifty split."

"Sweet. What time and where?" I asked.

"Game starts at one, and we play at the high school softball field," Leah answered. "Oh, and by the way, I'm the best damn third baseman ever. I could take on A'Rod any day.

"Well, at least you're hotter," I stated. 

"I won't deny that," Leah replied.

"Alright then," I said, "We'll be there." 

We walked in silence again, and even though it was dark, I could still tell that something was bothering Leah. Leah stayed silent, and I let her be, so that she could gather her thoughts. But, after a while, the silence got to be too much.

"What's up?" I questioned as we turned a corner.

"Can we talk about Monday night?" Leah whispered hesitantly.

"What about it?" I asked her, even though I really just wanted to forget all about it and pretend that it never happened.

"Listen, Calie, I'm really sorry," she started, "I thought about what happened, and I was really trying to make you jealous."

"Why?" I asked, surprised, although not shocked.

"I didn't want you to leave," Leah answered.

"I told you I wasn't going anywhere." I replied.

"I know," Leah said, "I was just afraid that you would after what I confessed to you on Sunday. I wanted you to realize what you were going to miss if you did."

"Leah, I'm not the jealous type," I admitted, "You and Kelly didn't make me jealous, just pissed off and pushed me further away."

"I know, I'm sorry," she replied sincerely, "I really wasn't thinking."

"Ya know," I said, changing the subject, "I dreamt about you last night.

"Oh really?" Leah responded, "Now I'm intrigued, go on.

"I woke up, craving you. It was as if I could still taste you," I replied.

"Wow!" Leah exclaimed laughing, "We could always get together sometime, and satisfy that craving of yours."

I couldn't tell if she was joking or not, but either way, I wasn't sure if I was ready to let my guard down again and chance getting hurt again. I had really missed being with Leah...and the feel of her in my arms...and under my tongue. But was it really worth it?

We reached my driveway and saw that the guys had already gone inside for the night. Leah and I stopped walking and just stood in the drive. Both of us not knowing what to say next, but neither one of us wanting to leave each other's company. The guilt from Tuesday night, my kiss with Lexi, washed over me. I knew it meant nothing, but it still felt so wrong. I wanted to confess everything to Leah.

"Can we keep walking?" I asked, "I'm not ready to go in yet."

"Of course," Leah answered.

We passed Leah's house and two others without saying a word. As we walked, the urge to tell Leah everything that happened on Tuesday night with Lexi and Austin grew, but I didn't know where to begin. 

"So what's new with you?" Leah asked breaking the silence.

"A lot actually, but honestly, I don't know where to begin," I said shaking my head.

"You have forced me to talk to you so many times," she responded, "am I going to have to make you open up to me now?"

"Yea, I guess you're right," I replied. "Just give me a few minutes to figure it all out."

I went to turn the corner, but Leah pointed straight ahead. About 100 yards past the T-intersection was a path that went through some woods before opening up into a field and a small beach near a lake. Even though it was dark outside, the path was fairly wide and our eyes would adjust to the darkness soon enough; the trees were just far enough apart to allow the slightest hint of moonlight through. 

I followed Leah into the woods, and I soon felt her reach for my hand.

"I'm really excited for you to come tomorrow," she stated, "maybe I'll even hit a homerun for you."

"Just for me? That'll be amazing," I replied.

"We shall see," Leah teased.

I wanted to ask her about Katherine's show next weekend, but I needed the time to be right. I wasn't sure if she would just be able to up and drive to Columbus with me, a two and a half hour drive, plus a stay overnight at a hotel so we didn't have to drive back that night.

We exited the woods and our eyes readjusted to the extra moonlight as we made our way down to the lake. I sat down on the beach without letting go of Leah's hand.

"Come here, My Dear," I said as I opened my arms so that Leah could sit in between my legs. She put her back to my chest, and I wrapped my arms around her.

"I missed that," she whispered.

"Missed what?" I inquired.

"You calling me My Dear or Babe," she answered.

"Yeah? Well, I missed you in my arms," I replied as I held her tight.

I felt her chuckle slightly as she moved in my arms to get more comfortable.

"Okay Sweetheart," Leah stated, "I've given you ample time to pull your thoughts together. Now spill."

I leaned down to kiss her temple, before beginning.

"So, after I walked out on you Monday night, I went home and cried. I was actually glad that Gabe wasn't home because I didn't want him asking any questions," I began, "now, to be honest with you, I'm not sure what upset me more: you hurting me or the fear of possibly never talking to you again."

I paused for a second as I let that sink in.

"When I woke up Tuesday morning, I was still a complete mess, but I went to work to try and get my mind off of you. About mid-day, I got a text from my best friend, inviting Gabe and me over for dinner with her and her fiancée. Well, since Gabe was still out-of-town, I went alone to dinner. Now, I have known Lexi and Austin since I was a freshman in college, and we can all read each other pretty well. Needless to say, they could tell something was bothering me, and although I wasn't ready to dish it out, I did. Leah, I told them everything: from how I felt about you before our first kiss to everything we have done together since."

"Oh wow," Leah responded hesitantly. "Um, okay. Is this what you were scared to tell me?"

I nodded before adding, "There's more too."

And so, I told Leah about the kiss Lexi and I shared, and she took it a lot better than I thought she would. She understood why Lexi had me kiss her, and wasn't angry at me like I thought she would be...like she should be. Once everything was off of my chest, we sat in silence. I could smell the scent of her shampoo lingering in her hair, and I knew that I would be the happiest woman in the world if I could only sit like this forever.

"Are you busy next weekend?" I asked Leah.

"I don't think so," she responded, "why?"

"Like Travis, Lexi's sister is in a band, and they have a show in Columbus next Saturday," I informed her."

"That's quite a long drive for a gig," Leah replied.

"Well, I figured, if Travis can watch the kids, we can spend the night in a hotel, so we don't have to drive back that night," I said, "that's what Lexi and Austin are doing."

"I don't know," she stated.

"Oh come on," I teased, "what's not to love about that idea?"

I could tell Leah was thinking about it.

"You know, my parents have been asking for the kids to spend a weekend with them. If they can do it next weekend, it might work," Leah said, "and Travis has practice on Sundays."

"So you're in?" I asked.

"Yeah," she complied, "I'm in. But, just so I know, what kind of music?"

"Soft rock," I answered as I kissed her temple, "is that cool?"

"A contradicting term, but yea that's cool," Leah laughed.

"Now, the bigger question," I inquired as I ran my hands up and down her sides, "one room or two?"

"One!" Leah squealed as I softly tickled her, and I knew she had a smile on her face.

I wrapped my arms around her again, hugging her as I started kissing her sensitive skin. My tongue tracing lines up and down the back of her neck. I could feel her wiggling in my arms, but I wasn't allowing her to move too much as I tortured her.

XI

I couldn't believe how fast the weekend flew by, I thought as I walked into my office building bright and early Monday morning. Leah and I were "together" again and happy. I had no clue where it was going to go, but I was still walking on cloud nine!

An hour and a half after I sat down at my desk and actually had begun to see a dent in the chaos I called my desk, my co-worker Alex stuck her head in my office.

"Hey, you up for a coffee run before our usual eleven o'clock meeting?" she asked as I looked up from the computer.

"Anything to get away from this disaster," I replied as I jumped up and grabbed my jacket from the hook on the wall.

We headed for the elevator in the hall and then made our way down to the ground level. As we exited the elevator, I noticed that U.S. Bank, who owned our building and who were located on the first floor, had set up a table to sign people up for checking accounts. As the woman working the table turned around, my eyes caught hers.

"Leah?" I called out as I walked away from Alex.

"Calie!" Leah exclaimed, "what are you doing here?"

Once I reached Leah, I wrapped my arms around her. Of course, because of where we were, it was more of a professional hug, and although I really wanted to, I held back from kissing her. 

"This is where I work," I explained, "upstairs at Cleveland Sports Magazine. I do layout design before the magazine gets published, "what about you? I didn't know you worked at this bank."

"Not at this branch," Leah answered, "but, I work for the marketing department. When I'm not working out of the main office in Akron, I'm out at different branches running promotions."

"What promotions are you doing today?" I asked.

"Well, today, if you sign up for a checking account and enroll in overdraft protection, we are giving away a free mp3 player," Leah answered, moving her hand over the table to show me all of the color choices.

"Nice," I replied as I saw Alex moving next to me, "oh, I'm sorry. Leah, this is my co-worker Alex. Alex this is Leah, my-"

Oh shit! What was Leah to me? My girlfriend? The love of my life? How should I introduce her? We never discussed this.

"Neighbor," Leah cut in as if sensing my conflict, "I live next door to Calie and Gabriel. It's nice to meet you Alex."

"Likewise," Alex responded as she and Leah shook hands before Alex turned her attention back to me, "Hey Cal, why don't I go ahead to Starbucks and you stay here."

"No, it's okay," I replied, "I'll walk over with you."

"No really, we'll catch up later," Alex said as she winked at me as if she knew the truth about Leah and I, "Leah, can I grab you anything to drink?"

"Black coffee sounds great. Thanks!" Leah answered.

"Two venti black coffees then, and whatever you want," I smiled at Alex as I gave her the ten out of my pocket.

"Okay, I'll be right back," Alex responded as she turned to walk toward the revolving door.

I turned back toward Leah. It was like a dream-come-true that she was working in the same building as me...well, at least for the day.

"It sucks that I can't spend all day down here with you," I said to Leah as we both took a seat in the chairs behind the promotion table, "what time are you planning on going to lunch?"

"I don't know. I'm not even that familiar with this part of Cleveland, to be honest," she replied, "any suggestions?"

"Well if you can wait to eat until around twelve thirty, I can take you to my favorite restaurant downtown," I responded.

"And what's that?" Leah inquired.

"Hard Rock, of course," I answered.

"Do we really have time for that?" Leah questioned, "I'm only here until three."

"Well, Plan B becomes I work through lunch, so I can leave at four, and we have an early dinner," I suggested, "do you think Travis would mind you being late?"

The look on Leah's face told me that either she wasn't sure if it would be okay, or she just didn't want to find out, and I really didn't want to push the issue.

"Okay, Plan C; I run out and grab some pizza for lunch and then we sit here and eat. This way, you can keep working and promoting, and I can still get to spend some time with you," I said.

"Plan C works," Leah replied as she placed her hand on my upper arm, "we'll do Hard Rock another time okay?"

She must have seen the disappointed look on my face.

"Deal, but I'm holding you too that," I smiled, "however, now the more important question becomes, what do you want on your pizza?"

"What do you like?" Leah retorted.

"My favorites include extra cheese, pepperoni, or pineapple and ham," I said.

"I love pineapple and ham!" Leah exclaimed, "Travis can't stand it, so I rarely get it."

"Alright, Hawaiian pizza it is," I replied, "I will call it in at noon, and pick it up as soon as I go on lunch."

Leah turned away from me and stood up as a woman walked through the entrance and headed toward the elevators.

"Are you interested in signing up for a free checking account with overdraft protection?" Leah asked.

"No thanks," the woman replied, "I already have one with another bank."

"Alright," Leah nodded, "have a great day."

"I guess you get a lot of that, huh?" I asked Leah after the brunette got onto the elevator.

"Yeah, but at least she was nice about it. Some people pretend to ignore me, or just say no," Leah explained, "once in a while, I'll get someone who is interested."

"Are you on commission?" I inquired.

"Yeah, but I still get decent pay without it," Leah answered, "so, it's still nice, but the bonus helps."

"Oh, I'm sure. Every little bit helps," I affirmed, as Alex walked back in the building carrying a drink tray with three cups of coffee.

"Thanks Alex," Leah said as Alex handed off the cups.

"Not a problem," Alex replied, "but, Cal and I better get back upstairs."

"Yeah, we should," I agreed as I looked at my watch and looked over at my woman, "Leah, have a good morning. I'll be back down for lunch."

As I stood up, I let my hand 'accidently' graze Leah's.

"I'll see you in a little bit," Leah smiled at me, "enjoy."

"You too," I replied as I followed Alex into the open elevator.

"You want to fill me in," Alex teased after the doors shut.

"Nope," I smiled, "not at all."

Although Alex was my closest friend, outside of Lexi and now Leah, and I'm sure she already had her suspicions, I just didn't want to go into my love life right now. I had a pile of paperwork sitting on my desk, and a meeting to attend in fifty minutes. 

When I got back to my office, I made a conscience decision to leave my personal phone in my jacket pocket. This way I would not be tempted to text Leah when I had so much to do. Lunch just couldn't come soon enough. 

----------

After the meeting was over, I reluctantly returned to my office where I knew I'd have to put in another solid forty-five minutes before I could leave for lunch. Although no one actually told us when we could go, it was kind of a system that we had set up so that no one department was ever out of the office all at once -- unless on a business lunch. That was how Alex and I got to be friends. She was one of the photographers for the magazine, so being in different departments, we usually ate lunch at the same time, when she was in the office of course, and not out on assignment.

I tried to concentrate, I really did, but it just wasn't happening. At twelve fifteen I finally said 'screw it' as I admitted defeat, and put my computer to sleep. Leah was downstairs and I wanted to be with her.

I grabbed my jacket once again and walked toward Alex's office.

"Hey, I'm going to grab lunch with Leah," I explained as I stepped into the room, "we'll catch up tomorrow. Okay?"

"Of course," Alex replied, "besides, I already had a lunch date with Isaac."
