 XII

On Saturday, although we were not meeting Austin and Lexi until one o'clock, Leah came over around eleven. Gabriel was putting in a full day of work, as he often did this time of year, and Leah's parents had already picked up Madison and Samuel. To kill two hours, we ended up cuddling on the couch, watch re-runs of Law and Order: Special Victims Unit.

I was running my fingers through Leah's hair as I started thinking about later that night; being in a hotel room, alone with my girl. I knew Leah's divorce lingered on both of our minds, but it went without saying that we wanted to enjoy this weekend together.

"Can I ask you something?" Leah questioned, breaking my thoughts as she muted the drama.

"Sure," I replied, "what's up?"

"Does it upset you to talk about your sister?" she asked, turning her head so she could look up at me.

"No, not anymore," I responded looking down at her, "Why?"

"Well, you only talked about her once, and that was only because I asked you to tell me something about you, so I wasn't sure," Leah answered, "and I wanted to know more about her, since she means so much to you.:

"Ask anything you want," I said as I combed my fingers through her hair.

"Let's start with her name?" Leah asked, "If you don't mind."

"Not at all, her name was Jaime. Jaime Rose," I replied.

"What was Jaime like?" Leah inquired.

"She was so young, so full of life," I started as I continued to play with Leah's hair, "Jaime and I were best friends. We shared everything, from a bedroom to secrets to clothes when need-be. However, where I was a total tomboy, she was a total girly-girl. While I had guy friends, Jaime had guys all over her. Sure she dated some, but no one at school was good enough for her. She knew what she wanted, and she stood for it. She was mature enough to see what the teenage guys wanted as well."

I paused to take a breath.

"Go on," Leah urged me.

"Jaime's long blonde hair was perfect, and I was jealous. I wore mine in a ponytail everyday but she always left it down, except when she played volleyball. 

"She was on the high school team, and made varsity her freshman year. She helped the team make it to states during her sophomore year, but they lost in the finals. While the rest of the team was bummed about the loss, Jaime kept saying there's always next year. That was the way she lived; if something went wrong today, there is always tomorrow. I wish you could have met her."

"I already have. She's in you. Calie, Jaime is such an integral part of you. I see her how you describe her. I see her in you."

I thought about what Leah said, and realized just how true her words really were.

----------

After lounging around for a while, just enjoying each other's company, I looked at the clock on the wall.

"I think we better get ready to go," I said to Leah. "Austin's driving, and he can get quite impatient while waiting on people to show up."

"What time is it?" she asked as she sat up.

"Twelve thirty," I answered, getting off the couch. 

I turned around and offered her my hand to help her get off of the couch. After standing up, she let go of my hand, and walked over to the bags that had been left by the door.

"Wait. Hang on," I said, as I stood where she left me.

"Everything okay?" Leah questioned, looking back at me with a worried look on her face.

"Yeah. Come upstairs with me for a second though," I responded as I started up the stairs.

"I don't think we have time for that," Leah said teasingly as she followed me.

"Not exactly what I had in mind, My Dear," I replied back over my shoulder.

I entered the bedroom that I shared with my husband, and sat down on the foot of my side of the bed. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Leah leaning up against the door frame, as if not knowing whether she should come in. I leaned down, and pulled a tin box from under the bed; it resembled a child's lunch box. I ran my fingers over the letters that I had painted on it more than eight years ago, spelling out JAIME.

When Leah saw what I was holding, she came in and sat down on the bed next to me. She didn't say anything, respecting my silence. As I unhooked the small latch, Leah put her hand on the bed, around my body, to hold herself up while also leaning into me. I pulled out a folded, unstructured, light blue North Carolina Volleyball hat.

"Jaime dreamed of being a Tar Heel for as long as I could remember. She hoped to get a volleyball scholarship so that she could afford to go there," I explained to Leah, as I held the cap in my hands, "I bought her this hat for her sixteenth birthday, and she used to wear it everywhere."

I turned the hat over, and opened it up; inside of it was my braided hemp bracelet, identical to Jaime's that I now wore. Laying the cap on my lap, I gently took out the bracelet and reached for Leah's hand.

"I'd like you to have this," I whispered.

"No, I couldn't," Leah responded, shaking her head.

"Please?" I asked.

Leah didn't reply; she just looked up at me. There was a mix of confusion and fear in her eyes.

"Listen, this one is mine," I said, pointing to the one that Leah was now holding, "I'll always wear Jaime's now, and I'd like you to wear mine."

"Thank you," Leah replied solemnly as she wrapped her fingers around the treasure in her hand, "but, you don't have to do this."

"Yes, I do," I responded placing my hand around hers that was closed over the bracelet, "Jaime would want me to."

"Do you think she'd like me?" Leah asked so childlike.

"Without a doubt," I answered. I cupped her chin in my hand and kissed her forehead, "there will never be any doubt in my mind about that."

As Leah opened her hand, and slid her left wrist through the bracelet, I placed the hat back in the box.

"Can I see what else is in there?" Leah asked hesitantly as I locked it and placed it back under the bed.

"Someday," I replied, "but we really need to head out now."

"Yeah, good point," Leah responded as she stood up from the bed.

I reached for her hands, and held on to both of them as I pulled her down to my lips. 

"Thank you," she said again after we pulled away, and I knew it wasn't about the kiss.

"You're welcome," I replied.

I stood up and let Leah lead me, still holding hands, down the stairs to our bags at the door. We each grabbed our own bags and took them out to my car. I went back to the front door to lock up, and then we got into the car to head to Lexi and Austin's.

"Listen, Leah," I said as I reached for her hand after turning onto the main road, "there's something I should tell you about tonight."

"What's up?" Leah responded turning her attention to me.

"Katherine's band...um, is a big supporter of the LGBT community," I stated.

"Okay?" Leah replied, sounding confused.

"I'm just letting you know now, so that you don't feel blind-sided when you walk in and see a bunch of Lesbians," I explained as I rubbed the back of her hand with my thumb, "I didn't ask you to come along to pressure you into anything, and I don't want you to think I had any ulterior motives."

"Okay," Leah said again, this time sounding more accepting of my word instead of confused. 

"If you changed your mind and don't want to go, I understand," I stated.

"No, its fine," she replied, "thank you though for pre-warning me."

"You're welcome," I responded, "I just know how you are, especially what you don't want to do in public places."

Leah smiled at me, the kind of smile that really meant thank you.

"But, don't you dare think that I'm not going to try anything tonight," I laughed as I brought her hand up to my lips so that I could softly kiss the back of it.

"We'll see about that," she countered as she smiled up at me.

The rest of the way we drove in silence, except for the radio playing the Top 40 country songs of the week. We pulled into Austin and Lexi's driveway just before 1:00. As soon as Leah and I loaded our bags into the trunk of Austin's blue Kia, the four of us got in and headed south. Because of its size, Lexi referred to her fiancée's car as the golf-cart. As we drove out of their neighborhood, Lexi reached for her purse. She pulled out a pen and a small notebook. 

"Okay, everyone, eyes peeled," she said.

Leah turned to me with a quizzical look.

"Whenever we take long car rides, we always play the license plate game," I explained.

Austin called out two states as we drove past some trucks.

"Oh cool," Leah replied, "What's the most you've ever found?"

"On a drive to Myrtle Beach and back, we saw forty-six states and three Canadian provinces," I responded.

"Never all fifty?" Leah inquired.

"Nope," Lexi answered, "but we did see Alaska on that trip."

We drove through another crowd of cars and trucks and found six more license plates.

"Have you ever seen Hawaii?" Leah asked.

"Once, but that was when we were just driving around town," I replied, "we weren't even playing the game that day."

"Oh, that sucks!" Leah exclaimed.

"You're telling us," Austin replied laughing.

I laid my hand on the seat between Leah and me. I opened my hand in a gesture to hold Leah's hand, but she shook her head.

"Why not?" I mouthed to her.

Leah used her eyes to point to my two friends in the front seats. 

"They don't care," I whispered.

Leah shrugged her shoulders and looked out her window. 

I slid my hand to her thigh, and let it graze to her knee. 

As if Austin and Lexi could tell how uncomfortable Leah was with all of this, they started asking her questions about her kids and Travis. The questions were not meant to put her on the spot, but more of a way to get to know her, and to let Leah know that they truly were interested.

We drove on, randomly interrupting conversations by calling out states. By the time we reached the outskirts of Columbus, Leah was joking around with the three of us and feeling very relaxed around Austin and Lexi. She even started holding my hand about halfway through the trip. As we pulled off the highway, I glanced over at Leah and knew that this was going to be one amazing weekend.

----------

We got to the hotel just before 3:30. Austin parked the car and soon the four of us were walking into the lobby to check in with what little bags we had. I let Lexi and Austin go first. After requesting a king room, Austin slid his credit card over the counter. Within a minute he was given the room keys and it was my turn.

Leah walked up to the counter with me and I requested two full beds. When the desk clerk asked for a credit card, I saw Leah reach for her wallet.

"Don't you even think about it," I said with a smile on my face.

I pulled my card out of my wallet and handed it over.

"There's no way I'm letting you pay for the whole room," Leah responded.

"Yes, you are," I replied chuckling, "I invited you. End of story."

From the look on Leah's face, I could tell that wasn't going to be the end of it. But as she put her wallet back in her purse, I knew she was going to drop it for now. As soon as I signed all the paperwork, we were given our room keys and Leah and I walked over to where Lexi and Austin were waiting for us.

The four of us got onto the elevator and we all got off on the forth floor. As we neared our rooms, we discovered that two rooms were only two doors down from each other. Before we headed into our rooms, we decided to meet in the lobby at 5:30. That way we would have enough time to grab a bite to eat at Austin's favorite local pizza joint before heading to the show.

----------

Leah and I entered our room and placed our bags in the alcove closet. I walked over to the closest bed and sat down on it to relax before heading out. Leah walked over to the window and sat down in the chair next to it. She moved the curtains so that she could look outside.

"You okay?" I asked, "Or are you still mad that I didn't let you pay."

Leah turned toward me and chuckled as she shook her head.

"I'm not mad at you," she replied, "but I'm paying for tickets tonight."

"Um, okay. Good choice, considering they're free," I responded teasingly.

"Fine!" Leah laughed, "I get dinner for us then!"

"Okay, I think I can handle that, My Dear," I said.

I watched Leah as she looked back out the window. I could tell she was smiling, just for a moment, happy that she got her way about something. 

"What's with the two beds?" Leah questioned not turning towards me.

I should've known she was wondering about that.

"I need to make sure you feel a hundred percent comfortable with all of this, and not feel like you are being forced to do anything," I explained.

"You know, you could have just asked," Leah responded.

"I know," I said, "But it eases my mind with two beds just in case one of us changes our minds."

"I understand. Look, I know you are still worried about me, and you really need to stop it," she replied turning to face me with a grin on her face.

"Leah," I started, "I will never stop worrying about you. I want to make sure I treat you the way you deserve to be treated."

"Well, I really don't mind sharing a bed with you," she responded, "but, I think we're going to have a problem."

"What's that?" I asked.

Leah got up from the chair and walked between the two beds, sitting down opposite me.

"Well, whenever I'm in a hotel room, sharing it with someone, like on a business trip, I always take the bed closest to the window," she explained, "I don't think I'll be able to sleep on the bed you picked out."

"I see," I replied playing along, "that may very well be a problem. I am now very partial to this bed, but I guess I can make a sacrifice, and switch beds. But, I got to sleep closest to the door. That's just the way I am."

"To protect me from any intruders?" Leah questioned so innocently.

"But of course," I answered.

I got off of the bed I was sitting on and moved over toward her. She moved further onto the bed and I knelt around her legs.

"We have a little over an hour until we have to be downstairs, My Dear," I said.

My right hand went behind her head and helped her lay down without breaking the kiss. I stayed on top of her, although holding my own weight up so I wouldn't crush her. As I placed my lips over hers, Leah let out a moan. That was the only thing I needed to hear to know that we were on the same page. This was definitely the woman I wanted.

----------

After eating at Austin's favorite pizza joint in downtown Columbus, we headed to the club. We were pretty early, so parking wasn't an issue. The four of us got out of the Kia and Lexi led us to the entrance. We handed off our tickets to the bouncer, and although it was an hour and a half until show time, we were still allowed in.

Once we walked down to the main stage area, we followed Lexi over to the stage. One of the band members was setting up the drums and his back was to us. 

"Hey Johnny," Lexi said, as she walked up the stage steps.

"Hey Lex," Johnny replied as he turned. He nodded to the rest of us before turning his attention back to Lexi, "What's up?"

"Not to much, you?" she replied.

"Same shit, different day, ya know," he answered smiling. "Anyway, Katherine's in the back, relaxing before the show."

Johnny pointed off to stage left. Lexi thanked him and then led the way backstage. She seemed to know exactly where she was going. After turning a corner, she stopped in front of a door labeled "Green Room" and knocked on it. Within a few seconds Katherine opened the door.

Austin, Lexi, Katherine, and I went through the typical hi's, how are you's, and hugs before I introduced Katherine to Leah. Then they hugged as well. Lexi's sister invited us into the room to relax with her for a bit before she had to finish getting ready. Leah and I sat down on the small couch while Lexi and Austin grabbed the two director's chairs. Katherine sat down in one of the folding chairs that she moved from the side wall.

"So how was the trip down?" Katherine asked after we all got comfortable.

"It was great," Lexi answered, "we barely hit any traffic."

"That's great," Katherine responded, "states?"

"Twenty eight," Austin replied proudly before adding, "and three Canadian provinces."

"Sweet." Katherine exclaimed.

Leah reached for my fingers as Austin started naming off the more rare states that we had seen. Our fingers intertwined and it felt so good, so right, to have her hand in mine. It showed me that she was comfortable enough around my friends now to be okay holding my hand in front of them.

"So what are you guys playing tonight?" I asked Katherine, "anything new?"

"A little bit of everything," she answered, "we got some new stuff, some old stuff, and of course some covers."

"Sounds great," I said. "I can't wait."

So we sat there, just catching up, and shooting the shit. We all also made sure that Leah was included in the conversation so she wouldn't feel left out.

After a while there was a knock on the door, and Johnny stuck his head in.

"Hey, just wanted to let you know that it's seven thirty," he said, talking to Katherine, "equipment is all set up, and it's filling up pretty nicely out there."

"Good to hear," she replied standing up, "I'll be ready shortly."

Johnny nodded before slipping back out and shutting the door behind him.

"Well, we should get going then," Lexi stated standing up.

Austin, Leah and I followed suit.

"Yeah, you guys gotta get to your wall," Katherine joked, "or did you actually get seats this time?"

"Ha! Fat chance. Austin's too fond of his wall," Lexi said before turning to Leah to explain, "Austin always gets standing-room only seats because he loves standing against this specific wall. I mean, you really do get a great view, and we can move around easier, but he refuses to get actual seats."

"Can't beat the best," Austin defended himself.

"Wow, that's crazy," Leah replied shaking her head while laughing.

"Yea, tell me about it. And, I'm the one that has to live with him!" Lexi exclaimed before turning back to Katherine," Anyway Sweetie, break a leg out there tonight. I know you'll do great."

Lexi gave Katherine a hug before walking over to the door. The rest of us took a turn giving Katherine a hug goodbye and wishing her luck.

When it was my turn, Katherine whispered in my ear, "You and Leah look really good together."

"Thanks," I responded after breaking the embrace, "I like to think so too."

Austin, Leah, and I walked over to the door that Lexi had opened. 

"Enjoy yourselves tonight," Katherine said as we were walking out.

"Thanks. We always do." I replied as I turned around and winked at her. "You enjoy yourself as well."

"Of course," she responded before I walked out, shutting the door behind me. 

The four of us walked back out into the main stage area and staked out our usual position; against the wall of the ramp leading down to the seating area. Like Lexi had explained to Leah, this spot had a perfect view of the stage and we weren't in anyone's way.

"Alright, Lexi and I are going to get drinks," Austin stated after we claimed the wall, "what can we get you two?"

"Water for me," I replied.

"Of course, water for the square," Austin teased.

Lexi elbowed him as she gave him a mean look.

"What? I was only joking," Austin defended himself.

"It's cool," I responded to Lexi smiling, "I can take him."

"Uh-huh, sure you can," Austin continued to tease me.

"I'm sorry, you'll have to forgive these two," Lexi said to Leah, giving her a sympathetic look, "They both can get pretty immature at times."

"Just us two?" Austin replied, putting his arm around his fiancée, "really?"

"Alright! Enough!" Lexi said, before turning her attention back to Leah, "Now, what would you like to drink?"

"Water's fine with me as well," Leah answered.
