 I was sitting alone at the bar nursing my rum & coke when I saw her making her way across the room towards me. She was the most beautiful creature I had ever laid eyes on. Long, jet black, curly locks framed the face of an angel, and a jersey dress of deep magenta clung to her every curve. The scent of her intoxicating perfume filled my nostrils and I felt heat slowly rise to my face as she sat next to me.

With a very tentative voice she said "Rochelle?" 

"Yes" I purred, "and you must be Dominique." Paul, our mutual friend who had set up the rendezvous, had not sufficiently prepared me for her beauty. 

"You are so beautiful," I sighed. Perhaps I should not have been so bold as to voice my thoughts, but her reaction to my comment gave me all the satisfaction that I needed. A soft flush colored her cheeks and a sharp intake of breath told me that she felt it too - that current of electricity cursing between us.

For the next hour or so we talked and got to know one another a little better. Soon the drinks I had consumed, together with the hard, pulsating beat of the music, caused me to sway gently in my chair and my inhibitions began to diminish. I began a slow erotic appraisal of my newfound friend. My eyes lingered on her full, firm breasts as I ran my index finger lightly across my parted lips. As I imagined myself suckling and teasing her puckered nipples, they actually began to respond, straining against the fabric of her dress. She shifted her position, squirming under the raw desire of my gaze. I pulled my eyes away from her luscious body to once again rest on the delicate features of her face. Her deep blue eyes were smoldering, her full, sensuous lips inviting. Placing my hand lightly on her arm, I whispered, "Come home with me tonight."

As soon as we entered the privacy of my apartment and closed the door behind us, I placed my hands on her face and drew her lips down to meet mine. Slipping my skilled tongue between her quivering lips, I felt, rather than heard, the moan that escaped her throat. Reaching down, I took her by the hand and lead her to my living room. Sinking down into the softness of the plush sofa, I sat her on my lap facing me, her legs on either side of mine. This position permitted me access to every curve and crevice of her lovely body. Tugging on the edge of her dress I inched it up over her hips to reveal wispy, white satin trimmed in lace. Kneading the soft, pliable flesh of her thighs, I felt the stirrings of desire spreading throughout my own body. 

"Take it off," I whispered, "I want to look at you." Her body trembling, she slowly pulled her dress up and over her head, emphasizing the smooth, taut muscles of her stomach and the fullness of her heaving breasts. Instinctively reaching for them, my hands caressed their soft undersides as my thumbs brushed and teased her large pink nipples. I heard her whimper as I bent to taste one, then the other, going painfully slow, enjoying the intensity of her reaction. 

"Yes," she moaned, "oh yes!" I could smell her musky aroma and feel the heat of her desire through the fabric of her panties. Her breathing now becoming very ragged, I held her face in my hands and kissed her passionately, deeply, penetrating her very soul. 

With slow and deliberate fingers, she proceeded to unbutton my blouse, brushing her palms against my now hardened nipples as she did so. A small gasp escaped her lips as she unsnapped my bra and gazed at my own full breasts as they spilled out into her cupped hands. Following my lead, she traced small concentric circles around and around my breasts before she finally reached my excited nipples. Warm and tender, she blazed a trail of desire across my breasts and down the sensitive skin of my rib cage. The lightness of her touch and the warmth of her hands sent shivers of excitement and anticipation throughout my body. 

Soon she found her way to the waistband of my form fitting jeans. Instinctively I lifted my pelvis as I heard the snap of the button and felt her urgently tugging at the zipper. In one fluid movement my jeans were down around my ankles, leaving me in my now very wet, black lace panties. Placing her hands on the inside of my calves she began a slow exploration of my legs, pushing them apart as she neared my throbbing pussy. She bent her head to kiss the trembling flesh of my thighs and rested her face against the dampness of my panties, tracing the outline of my swollen labia with her tongue through the thin material. 

"My God, I want you," she groaned as she stripped away the last barrier between her and my sopping wet pussy. I felt her get up off the couch and my eyes flickered open. Standing up, her hands went to the waistband of her sexy panties. 

"No," I moaned, "please let me." Rising from the couch, I kneeled in front of her and placed my face against the thin fabric of her panties. My head reeled as I breathed in her musky scent and rubbed my face back and forth across the damp material. I reached up and began to tug at her panties, pulling them down past the creamy whiteness of her thighs, the firm muscles of her calves, finally revealing her full nudity to my hungry eyes. I revelled in her beauty. 

Both of us now fully aroused, I reached up to grasp her slender waist and pull her down to join me. Spreading her legs wide I planted her feet on either side of my body. Reaching out, I placed my hands behind her neck and pulled her face to meet mine. My lips found her lips. We kissed passionately. Our breathing grew more laboured. I reached down and cupped her moist pussy with my hand. Using my thumb and index finger, I gently pried open the swollen lips of her pussy and slipped my middle finger inside the soft folds of her flesh. I felt her shudder under the expertise of my touch. Pulling away from our embrace, I gazed into the deep blue of her eyes. 

"I want you to look at me," I whispered hoarsely, "I want to watch you while you cum." Gradually increasing the speed of my finger, I positioned my thumb to apply pressure to her gorging clitoris. 

"Is this what you want?" I whispered. "Tell me!" I commanded. 

"Yes ... that's it ... yes, yes, yes," she cried as I added yet another finger and her hips began to buck against my hand. Shoving my fingers in to the hilt, I swiftly moved them back and forth, fucking her at a furious speed. Her head snapped back and her guttural cries coaxed me even further. 

"Cum for me," I commanded, "let it all go." 

Now bracing her elbows against the floor, she lifted her pelvis and thrashed wildly against my hand as she screamed and wailed in ecstasy. She truly was the most beautiful creature I had ever laid eyes on. 

As her breathing began to subside she drew herself up to look at me. After a few endless moments of simply gazing into one another's eyes, she leaned over, wrapped her arms around my neck, and rested her head against my shoulder. "This is only the beginning my sweet," I whispered, as I wrapped my arms around her quivering body and drew her closer to me, "only the beginning ..."