 Once more Kera entered Keely's thoughts, prying her way inside until she could no longer ignore them. Keely's mind had been turning all week. Her libido was in hyper over drive. The more she thought about her fantasies with the other woman, the more she desired them to come true.

Every since she'd first seen Kera, she'd been attracted to her. Their friendship over the last two years had brought them closer together than they had ever been in the past eight years. She carried herself with poise and such grace that at times Keely envied her. She knew she should feel ashamed yet she couldn't find it within herself.

In the eyes of the church she would be condemned for such immoral decency. She knew it was a sin for desiring others beyond one's spouse. But there were just some things that it was impossible for a man to give a woman. 

She craved to hear Kera's voice. She longed to be the object of her attention. Keely would find herself, willingly doing anything just to be with Kera, even if it was only for a few hours a day. She found herself making excuses to be with her every chance she got. And Kyle never once suspected anything because he was always too wrapped up in his own little world to notice.

She wished she could find a way to convince Kyle and Jess, their spouses not to be so closed minded. She doubted though that they could ever be convinced otherwise. She found herself torn between Kyle, and the unbearable desire of being dominated by Kera. The need to kneel, to be used strictly for another woman's pleasure grew stronger with each passing day. She feared that here soon she would lose the fight.

Anxious excitement filled the air as Keely readied herself to go visit Kera. She made sure every hair was in place, her makeup just perfect, and that her clothing clung to her in all the right places. She wore one of her favorite low cut blouses with no bra. She was determined to use every means at her disposal to get to Kera.

She could feel her g-string panties growing wet. A deep-seated blush surfaced. A bit wobbly she left the house and drove to Kera's. A small cottage nestled out in the countryside. She was a woman who valued her privacy.

The two women exchanged pleasantries at the door. She ushered Keely inside until they reached the kitchen. The kitchen was Kera's favorite room. They always ended up there whenever she came to visit. 

Hmm... how I would love to come right about now and feel Kera's cum smearing my cheeks. She leaned back against the door trying to calm her raging hormones at the mere sight of Kera. She wore trouble-free blue pajama pants and a pull over t-shirt that was simple yet alluring. Keely knew damn well and good that Kera wasn't wearing any under garments. She hated under clothing of any kind. 

Obediently, Keely followed her into the bright airy kitchen. She pulled out a chair and took a seat. She swallowed the lump in her throat as her gaze rested upon the swell of Kera's breast. That is one of the things that turned her on the most about other women were their breast.

"Would you like a cup of coffee?" offered Kera rising off of her chair.

"Sure, but why don't you let me get us each a cup?"

"Yes, thank you that's very sweet of you Keely. I must say you look very nice today hon. I rather enjoy that look on you young lady. You should wear it more often."

"Thank you Kera," she whispered wishing for so much more to happen between them.

She rose quickly, beaming under her friend's praise and smile. Swiftly, she lowered her eyes and proceeded to the task at hand. Even in the smallest of ways she felt great pride in being of service to Kera. She took every available opportunity to submit that Kera would allow, even if she didn't realize it. But Kera knew it and today she would make Keely confess.

"I want to ask your opinion about something," stated Kera as she took the hot cup of coffee.

Her brown eyes raked Keely up and down. A wicked gleam in her eyes. She shifted in her chair crossing and uncrossing her legs before finding a measure of comfort. 

The two women locked eyes. Her skin still tingled from the slight touch. Keely did her best to hide the feelings that, that one simple touch had made surface. Her eyes fluttered close shutting out everything else in the room except for Kera, the woman she hungered for with every inch of her being. She ached between her legs.

"What is that?" her soft voice playing over Kera in such a way that it was hard for the other woman to ignore the allure of it.

Keely took a seat opposite listening intently. Reality washed over her in soft waves making her desire rise to emerge. An aspiration that she knew Kera might share but would never openly admit to. And yet something about their get together today felt different. She couldn't quite put her finger on it but it lurked just beneath the exterior.

"I was thinking about writing an alternative romance. What do you think?"

"An alternative romance what is that?"

Kera smiled at the honest naive ness of her friend. It was refreshing. She took a long sip of coffee before letting the tip of her tongue dart out playfully to wet her full lips. 

I know what I would like to have her do with that tongue. I could think of several places it could lick me. 

"Yes, a story about two women who fall in love."

"That could be interesting but why choose that subject? Wouldn't you find it hard to write about?"

Keely battled a fit of coughs trying to hide the hope that was rising in her soul. Had Kera somehow guessed that she secretly lusted after her? She never truly thought her to be that type of woman.

"Are you all right? Because I think it would be exciting to write about," stated Kera coming over to pat her on the back. 

"Yes, I think so, thank you that felt very nice. The coffee just went down the wrong way."

"You're welcome but are you sure?"

"Yes," she mumbled nodding her head to confirm. She just needed a few moments to compose herself.

She gave Kera an innocent little girl smile before taking another sip of coffee. 

Kera had a look of disbelief upon her face but said nothing more on the matter.

"Have you ever thought about being with another woman, Keely?"

Oh shit, where in the hell is all of this leading to? Or is she merely asking because of her story? But what if it's more than that?

"I think it's only natural. I think at one time or another every woman does."

"Just imagine your nipples being gently suckled as soft slender hands explore, probe and squeeze your tender flesh making you wet with excitement and hunger for more."

Keely scooted down in her seat a bit more groaning inwardly at the picture that Kera painted as she almost orgasm right there. Get control of yourself woman!

She could hear Kera's soft laughter mocking her. She hated herself but she couldn't help the reaction that Kera was forcing from her.

"If you had the chance would you even though you knew Kyle would never allow it?"

"I... I don't know, why are you asking me all of this?"

"Because you're a woman and I'm interested in your thoughts and feelings on it. Plus I have my own reasons."

"And just what are those reasons Kera?"

"Never mind for now I'll let you know all in good time."

"So you want to use me for your story basis, is that it?"

"Something like that does it bother you Keely? That I have my reasons but won't share them with you."

"No, I don't think so it's just strange."

Kera sat across from her rubbing the coffee mug between her palms. A mischievous grin appeared on her face. Her long red hair cascaded down her back. A white button up blouse was complimented by black denim jeans clinging to her hips as her bare feet played tootsie with Keely's. Hmm, she has never done this before.

"I see it's something dirty and naughty isn't it? That's why you're refusing to share your fantasy with me. That could get you into a lot of trouble. Don't you dare hold out on me now!" demanded Kera. 

"But I can't, it's too embarrassing and it's just a silly fantasy. It's something that'll never come true so why worry about it? Besides, I'd be too uncomfortable telling you."

"Why we're both women aren't we? We're both alone here aren't we, so what is stopping you?"

"What stupid questions to ask of course we are."

"Hmm...Mmm," huffed Kera crossing her arms giving Keely a stern disapproving look.

Keely squirmed in her seat trying to think of something, anything at all to stall for time.

"That's why it is called a fantasy Keely. They aren't supposed to happen in real life. That is what makes then so wonderful and so safe to dwell on."

Oh, but to experience such a thing with you just one time Kera. If you only knew how I think about us together constantly.

"Have you ever confessed any of your sexual fantasies to Kyle?"

"No, not one word have I uttered to Mr. No Way Vanilla Only, are you kidding me? What about you? Does Jess know any of yours?"

"Yes of course, he isn't the stiff that Kyle and you may think he is."

She was stunned into silence. Was there something wrong with her? Why couldn't she confide in Kyle like that? What held her back? Fear. Utter petrified fear in his being unable to accept her darker side. A side that she didn't even show inside of the bedroom. 

"Come on, I can't wait to hear all day for the juicy details Keely."

Keely sat pondering the wise ness of whether or not to spill the beans to Kera. She was never too sure how Kera would react to such things of this nature. A lot of times she had suggested this or that but Kera had always blown it off or down right ignored it.

What the hell, what do I have to lose? If Kera doesn't feel the same then fine but at least it will be out in the open between us. I won't have to hide it anymore. I won't have to ignore my feelings with her like I have to with my husband.

"It's where I'm controlled and completely dominated in every way, emotionally, mentally, physically and sexually. I become nothing more than another woman's slut toy living only to please and serve her. There I told you now are you happy?"

"Interesting, very fascinating indeed and don't get sassy with me Missy."

Keely could feel Kera's foot sliding further up her leg. A new wave of passion rushed over her. A cavernous ache made itself know at the core of her being as her breathing became shallow. 

"And who is this woman, pray tell, that you long for so?"

"I don't long for her."

"Liar, the proof is in your eyes. You do long for her don't you with every fiber of your being and I bet you are wet as hell right about now."

"No I'm not Kera."

"Would you like me to find out for myself or are you going to lie to me again?"

"No, I am wet."

"Thought so."

She shook her head trying to regain a measure of composure. She shuddered unable to voice the one name Kera wanted so badly to know. 

"Tell me, that's an order," commanded Kera leaning in close to her letting her fingers lightly graze over the harden peaks of Keely's nipples. She was so close she could almost steal of kiss from those precious sweet lips. 

She swallowed the lump in her throat quivering beneath the touch of Keely's fingers. She closed her eyes unable to bear the rejection she knew would be looking back at her.

"It's...it, it's you Mistress," she stuttered.

Never before had she dare speak to Kera in that way. She didn't know whether to die there on the spot from terror or be relieved that the secret was out in the open between them. 

She felt pressure applied to her breast as Kera's continued to amuse herself at Keely's discomfort. When she was finally able to open her eyes she watched Kera roll the tiny harden nubs between her thumbs and forefinger bringing small cries forth from Keely. A smile crossed her beautiful face as she gazed at her friend and willing victim.

"Me huh? Some how I must admit I was hoping that you would say exactly that. Are you that willing to obey me Keely?"

"Yes Mistress if you'll have me."

"If you truly desire to give yourself to me in every way girl, you will do as I say, understand?"

"Yes Mistress."

Her desire to submit increased ten fold. Finally, a part of her could truly be free. Kera accepted her with open arms. Their lips brushed lightly against each others. Kera's tongue invaded the domain of her mouth. Her tongue roamed every hidden crevice until it found Keely's. She felt as if she'd died and went to heaven.

Kera's hands were everywhere at once it seemed. Keely melted into her. Kera squeezed and tugged at her large breast till she was sore. She arched her back offering herself willingly. She pulled this way and that at the small silver nipple rings until Keely was begging for more. The fire raged within Keely. Her inner thighs now coated with her own wetness. 

Kera pulled her to the floor. A silver glint caught her eye. Where did she get those? She watched as her Mistress cut the clothes from her body until she lay bare before her. Trembling she tried to focus but was unable. The sharp point of the scissors glided over her flesh. She felt the sharp prick of its tip as it moved down her throat. A tiny crimson droplet appeared. Kera leaned forward running the tip of her tongue over it, laving her neck before sucking hard on the spot. She knew she dare not move a single inch no matter what her Mistress did next. But then she knew Kera always did liken herself to a Vampiress.

"Hmm, do you like it this way my baby girl?"

"Yes," she whispered craning her neck offering herself.

The cold steel moved further down tracing a delicate line to her navel and then past her hip until it reached just barely above her pussy. A trail of feather black hair ended in a triangle just above the junction of her thighs. She had never felt more excited or turned on as she did at that very moment. She knew from this point on that she was lost. She would do anything her Mistress asked of her.

Keely felt a shift in air as Kera rose, stripping her own clothing from her body. Keely licked her lips in anticipation. Kera kneeled over her face. The aroma of her Mistress slick sex filled her senses making her dizzy with want.

"Eat me slut."

Hurriedly, Keely obeyed gripping her Mistress hips for support. Kera pulled her nether lips apart baring her most intimate self to the new slave girl. Greedily, her tongue lapped and swirled every inch of her Kera's pussy. She nibbled her clit till she erupted in tremors hovering close to the edge. Her hands caressed her ass cheeks until she was able to pull them apart enough to slide in the tip of finger into her ass fingering her until she came. 

Whimpers filled the small space of the kitchen as Kera grabbed her breast. Sunlight filtered through the curtains casting a soft glow upon the women. Kera rode her tongue until Keely's jaws ached. Her hands grabbing fistfuls of hair until she could shove Keely's face no further into her sopping cunt. Her air momentarily cut off she struggled against Kera's deathlike grip, fighting for breath only to bring sounds of pleasure from Kera. 

"That's it baby girl fight me, yes make me cum again you little bitch," she screamed as she climaxed coating Keely's face with cum. She released her slave's face. She slid down by Keely and cuddled her close.

"I love you baby girl. I'm so proud of you. You are now mine forever do you hear me slave girl? You're my slut."

But this moment wasn't only about her only pleasure there was her girl to take care of. Her fingertips gingerly glided down her slick body until they found the opening to her wet cunt. Roughly Kera pushed three fingers inside her as she leaned over her lapping at her nipple. Furiously her fingers worked making Keely squirmed and dance beneath her. In one swift movement Kera shoved a finger deep in her ass and two into her pussy as she bit her already sore nipple making Keely shudder and come as she never had before. 

Able to breathe fully again she snuggled close to her Mistress. Her mind and heart in a whirlwind of emotion. Emotions at the moment that she had no eagerness to unravel. She was just happy to have been found pleasing in her greatest moment of surrender. Maybe forbidden lust wasn't such a bad thing after all.