 But it was Lorna’s body that let her down, her own ungovernable desire, imposing its own will, making her wetter, more aroused. 

As she looked down she realised that Katy now knelt between her open thighs, thighs that she had no recollection of opening, she also now found herself pushing her groin onto Katy’s hard thigh, squirming and thrusting, small moans of pleasure issuing from her throat. 

Lorna looked at Katy as she leant over her. Her short skirt was rucked up so that the whiteness of her little panties could be seen; wisps of dark pubic hair visible through the semi-opaque material. Her bronzed thighs firm and slim, one slick with Lorna’s juices. 

Her breasts were now heaving beneath the thin cotton material of her blouse, the nipples visible taut erections. Lorna stared in abstract fascination as Katy tied her ankles to the front chair legs, her submission was now complete.

Katy’s scarlet smile held a challenge, daring. Her dark eyes with fire alive at the centre, spoke of her own passion. 

She whispered, “it’s alright, there is nothing to fear, I can see that you want me as badly as I want you.” Lorna tried to protest, but her murmurs were weak and lacked any conviction. She could not help herself. The lust within her was too strong, overpowering. 

It was Lorna who eventually grasped hold of both of Katy’s wrists and directed her hands onto the tips of her breasts, guiding them in gentle circles around and over the erections and back again, and as the fingers passed for a second time, Katy pulled and squeezed at the nipples, almost painfully hard.

Katy of course took full advantage of Lorna’s confusion, her lips brushed Lorna’s in another kiss, the pressure of her tongue forcing open Lorna’s full red ruby lips so that she could once again explore her mouth. Their tongues played back and forth as they tasted each others saliva a second time.

Lorna’s head was in a whirl, her thoughts and senses both reeling, never had she been so aroused by another woman, nor was she concerned about decorum any longer. She needed to be touched, entered and to find a release from this lust that was building within her.

“Please….” She murmured between another wet kiss, “please!” Katy knew what Lorna wanted, she knew it was the same as she wanted herself, the aphrodisiacal effect of both of them requiring, yearning to be brought to orgasm. 

Lorna pulled at Katy’s blouse, attempting to pull her down towards her, but Katy wanted to remain in control and resisted, roughly pushing away Lorna’s hands, then pulling at Lorna’s blouse, tearing at the last button to fully expose her upper torso. 

Lorna’s nipples were blood red in their engorgement, the skin between her breasts heavily flushed. She moaned in pleasure as Katy lowered her head and took one of the swollen nipples into her mouth, drawing it in with a sucking sound, circling it with her tongue; Lorna’s pleasure continued to increase dramatically. 

Katy moved to the other breast, concentrating solely on that nipple, making Lorna so aware of its reaction, its nerve endings tingling as if with small electrical shocks; back again to the other nipple, Katy’s hand now encircling where her hand had just been, kneading, rubbing, squeezing; one moment gentle, the next harshly applying pressure so that Lorna gasped with pleasurable pain. The cleavage between her breasts was now slick with sweat. 

“Please…” she implored Katy again.

This time Katy answered, “yes, oh yes….” Her voice husky, “yes, you will get what is coming to you.”

She bent her head again, taking first one nipple then the other into her mouth, then running her tongue in ever larger circles around Lorna’s glistening orbs, then down between them licking at the sweat all the way to Lorna’s navel; lingering there to dip her pointed tongue into it, moistening. 

Lorna slid her hands between their bodies into Katy’s top, reaching for her large firm breasts, brushing the nipples which were impossibly large. Katy’s hands reached round either side of Lorna’s buttocks and pulled her bum forward to the edge of the chair. At the same time, Lorna had freed Katy’s top from her skirt and pulled it up so that the swollen orbs fell into her naked lap. 

“AAHHhh,” panted Katy, grasping one of her pendulous mounds and feeding the tip into Lorna’s mouth, she shut her eyes as Lorna sucked on it hard, the erection increasing even further in size as it filled with more blood. “OOHHhh, uummm, you naughty girl.” Katy spoke huskily.