 Pulling back from Lorna, Katy paused to run wet fingers around her own nipples whilst the other girl watched, then she put a hand firmly on each of Lorna's knees and roughly pushed her legs wide apart. 

Her tongue diving in to lick the skin just above Lorna's closely cropped pubic hair. Lorna felt like screaming in her state of arousal, every muscle, tissue sinew and nerve ending seemed stretched beyond endurance. 

She moaned and groaned as her hands continued to grope between their bodies, to reach as far as possible in an attempt to feel the other woman's body, her breasts, her more intimate parts; but afraid that she would halt the other woman's caresses.

Katy's tongue continue to tease around Lorna's pubic hair, diving in and out of the downy hair, causing further moans to issue forth from her.

Lorna pushed on Katy's shoulders, forcing the girls licking down towards her succulently wet and glistening vaginal lips. 

She was at last obliged as Katy's tongue slipped between her folds and across her clitoris, sliding with ease deeper between Lorna's lips. Lorna screamed in pleasure at finally receiving what she most desired "UUUGGgg, UUUMmmm, yes, YES!" 

Then Katy pulled out her tongue, still coated with Lorna's juices and forced it harshly into Lorna's mouth in a full rough deep-throated kiss, pushing her breasts hard onto Lorna's, two of their nipples meeting. 

Both bodies slick with sweat which mingled in their tight embrace.

Lorna relished the kiss, enjoying the taste of her own juices on Katy's tongue and lips, but she wanted more, craved to be touched and wanting to touch too; curious as to how the other woman felt.

With Katy still kneeling between her legs Lorna clasped her thighs firmly about her and thrust her aching fanny onto Katy's firm stomach. 

"OOOhhhh, uuummm," she moaned, "uuummm, ughhh." She bucked against Katy harder and faster, her orgasm quickly approaching, seemingly unstoppable. Her juices were now running down the flat of Katy's stomach and onto the waistband of her skirt, her vaginal lips so swollen and extended that each time she pushed her erect clitoris onto Katy's stomach, there was a slurping wet sound. 

"OOOHHHHhhhGGODDD, touch me please!" she implored Katy. "OH, OH, um, yesss, ohhh." As she reached the inevitable climax, Katy ever in control of the situation, stood up away from Lorna. She raised her short skirt and deftly drew down her white cotton panties. Lorna could see the glistening wet patch on the gusset and looked at the distended folds of flesh betweens Katy's legs. 

Her abundant dark pubic hair trimmed into a heart shape glistened with her juices too.

Before Lorna could protest however, Katy climbed upon the chair and knelt on the arms, her thighs either side of Lorna's head. Gripping roughly hold of Lorna's hair, she forced Lorna's face into her genitals. "Suck me," Katy commanded, "stick your tongue into me deeply."

The heavy musk of Katy's sex in her nostrils, the wet pubic hair and lips being forced onto her chin, Lorna could hardly breathe and could only respond by tentatively extending her tongue. 

She immediately felt the enlarged clitoris beneath her gentle probing; it felt enormous, much larger than her own; the taste of Katy's juices as they ran into her mouth and down her chin acting like an aphrodisiac. "Harder," Katy demanded, "deeper."

Lorna slid her tongue down the cleft of Katy's vagina away from the clitoris and deeper into the vagina. Katy began to ride the probing tongue like a cock. "Uuuummm that's good, keep it there, yes, yes." Lorna was now being ruthlessly ridden, she looked up at Katy as she bounded to orgasm, breasts banging up and down as she moaned and groaned. "YES, Yesss, oooohhhh, uuughhh, ummm, yesss."

Lorna's fingers gripped tightly onto Katy's buttocks as with each downward thrust she stuck her tongue deeply into Katy's vaginal channel. With a scream, Katy climaxed, a gush of juices flowed into Lorna's mouth forcing her to drink; every cell within her body ached for fulfilment and needed to be satisfied.

Katy slid down Lorna's body, dragging her wetness all the way across Lorna's chest, stomach, pubic mound and thighs. She followed with her tongue lapping at her own juices as she went; stopping here to tease a nipple and here a breast, here a rib and here her navel. 

Lorna gasped as at last Katy's tongue found the raw folds of her vagina and slipped between them with ease to tease the clitoris. As she felt the tongue ruthlessly flick on her clit so she felt the intrusion of the buzzing tip of the vibrator. 

"UUUggghhh, yesss, yess, OOOHHHHH GGGODDD," Lorna cried. The vibrator continued its violation of Lorna's tight, but extremely wet pussy. There was no resistance as Katy pushed the implement deeply within, holding it in place with her fingers occasionally thrusting a finger, sometimes two into Lorna's copiously wet orifice too.