 Lorna came, "OOOOHHH yeah, yes, uuummmm, uuugh, oh, oh, oh!" She grasped hold of the trusting breasts in front of her and squeezed the nipples mercilessly. "OOH GOD that is good." The eight inches of vibrator had all but disappeared, Lorna's lips closing over the end, "uuuuuummmm, oohhhhhHHH." She moaned again.

Katy stood and Lorna's eyes were glued to her. When Katy's skirt had disappeared, she had no idea, the vision before her was a perfect specimen of womanhood, well rounded of breast and hip, whilst thin at the waist; her dark green eyes intently watching Lorna as she produced a large pink rubber dildo from somewhere. 

This toy had two massive cock shapes on either end. Without further ado, she crouched slightly and fed the enormous end of one of the cocks deeply into her with consummate ease. 

Then kneeling between Lorna's outstretched thighs she swiftly removed the buzzing vibrator and cast it aside. With both hands she gripped the rubber erection, with Lorna's eyes fixed on the proceedings, Katy thrust the dildo in and out of herself a couple of times, then pulled it out. Swapped it around and sank the other end deep within her folds. 

Lorna caught Katy's pleasurable smile as she took the phallus deeply within her. Now the cock, slick with Katy's lubrication was pointed directly at Lorna's recently vacated vulva, as with one hand resting on Lorna's thigh, Katy directed the cock towards her pussy. 

"Open your lips and take my weapon," she commanded. Lorna could resist nothing now and pulled open her vaginal lips with both hands as the thick head of the dildo brushed passed. Lorna felt the tightness of this larger toy as it was forced into her, with the inside of her vagina gripping the implement tightly, she could feel every ridge and bulge. 

"OOOHHHH that's so tight! Its so big." Katy smiled as with the double headed cock now in them both, she gently pushed with her hips inserting the phallus deeper and deeper into them both, Lorna attempted to protest, "its too big, I can't take it all!" Katy merely smiled and continued to push.

Despite her protests, Lorna knew she was near to another orgasm and when Katy's clitoris finally touched hers the impact was electric. An erection of sorts within her and one pressing outside of her, both assaulting her senses. "Oh my God," she screamed. 

Katy pulled back until the tip of the cock had just pulled clear of Lorna's pussy, then she rammed it home again, Lorna's gasps and cries were loud as she panted, her chest heaving, her hands squeezing one of her nipples and one of Katy's too.

She felt a huge warmth emanating from the rubber tool as it was thrust without mercy into her. Lorna's eyes were shut tightly as she gave way to the ecstasy. "OHHH GODDD that is wonderful, it feels like it's getting bigger, uugh that's so good." 

The ridges on this cock felt so realistic, she thought she could also feel the foreskin as the huge thing rasped on her vaginal walls. A trickle of her juices ran from her vagina to her anus. "OOOOHHHHH I'M COMINNNGG AGAIN," she shouted, "FUCK ME, PLEASE FUCK ME!" Her cry was as urgent as was her need. 

Her senses, though completely heightened, had not noticed that the nipple between her fingers had reduced, though this was not from lack of excitement, for it was still hard. The breast was no-longer fleshy and round, it was flat, hard and muscular. 

In her orgasm she felt the rod within her thicken further, felt like she was going to be torn in two, the length of the weapon appearing to grow too with each inward thrust, as her vaginal lips suctioned on each throbbing inch. When each thrust came, the pleasure pain increased. 

Lorna cried out each time the pulsing cock throbbed deeply within her, the strength of the trusts, the realism, all assaulting her senses.

She felt the pleasure of a finger on her clitoris and shuddered as another orgasm approached, both hands were now clasping the heavily built chest in front of her. Yet still, lost in the moment, she had not made note of the change. 

The ministrations to her clitoris continued as a finger, slick with her juices, was slipped into her anus, putting even greater pressure on her vaginal wall heightening her pleasure to new limits as the cock continued to violate her.

Lorna was now panting hard with the physical exertions as the ache within her increased. She needed desperately for the two of them to come in unison. 

Her lips sought those of her tormentor and locked onto them in a lustful kiss, her tongue probing deeply within her lover's mouth. Her hands ran down the hard chest before her, along the chiselled ribs and intercostals muscles to the rigid abdomen; her awareness at last dawning that this was no-longer the same body that had begun her torment.

Lorna's eyes sprang open, she looked imploringly into the same green, fire laden eyes she had looked into before, but this time the lashes were shorter, the eyebrows thicker, the cheek-bones harder and more defined, all were the supremely attractive features on this handsome face.....the face of her husband.

With that same teasing, taunting, almost wicked smile, he bent forward and taking a nipple between his teeth, he nipped quite hard. The result was to completely finish Lorna. With this hard bodied man impaling her, with his concrete hard, enormous erection; with one finger in her anus and a thumb on her clitoris at the same time as biting her ridged nipple; how could she have reacted differently? "COME,YOU BASTARD!" she screamed, "OOOHHHHH, OOOOhhhhhh, aaaagggghh yes, yes, give it to me......no, NO, let me see it, oh I want both!" She wimpered, "OOOOHHH IIII'MMMM COMMMMMMING!"

With one last deep thrust, from both his index finger and his cock, Lorna felt the hot impact of the first strong spurts of ejaculation as it splashed into her uterus. A second impact, just as strong, even thought the cock was half withdrawn, followed. Another shot of hot sticky semen splashed across her pubic mound, clipping her clit, her pubic hair and leaving a trail across her stomach.

Her assailant now stood above her and with a hand behind Lorna's head, forced her to accept the remaining shots of sticky come into her mouth as he forced the head of his cock between her lips. Lorna, between pants, sucked hard on the shiny head of the phallus, sticking out her tongue to capture every last drop of the white liquid.

She didn't understand what had happened to her. Had she had a dream? Was it a fantasy whilst masturbating or had she really been abused? What she did know was how totally satisfied and completely spent she was. The carnal knowledge of what she was now capable of giving and of receiving gave her fresh hope for the future...