 It was late Sunday afternoon. Natalie wasn’t expecting her parents home until Monday evening, and Claire and her had made good use of the warm weather and Jacuzzi. Since the first time they had had sex they had been playing with each other every waking moment. They had spent the time fondling, licking, fingering and sucking each other until they were too tired to continue. Then after sleeping they would start all over again. 

Claire walked into the kitchen where Natalie was making a salad. They both walked around naked most of the time; it was just easier like that. Claire sneaked up behind Natalie and grabbed her friend’s small breasts. She pulled Nat into her, rubbing her fully shaven pussy into her friend’s arse. Claire immediately felt Natalie’s nipples harden and she gave them a pinch. 

“Mmmmmmmm, hello gorgeous.” Smiled Nat turning her head so she could deep kiss her friend.

“Where have you been? It’s been 5 hours and I’m feeling so horny for you right now.” Claire asked pouting.

“I needed a little rest, but I feel better now though.”

“Good” Saying this Claire started to kiss and suck her friend’s long, soft neck as her hands continued to play with her breasts. Nat put her hands on the counter and instinctively opened her legs a little, ready for what she knew was coming. Claire continued to kiss Nat’s neck as she let one hand trail down her friend’s tight, smooth body, and through her trimmed pubic hair until she was strumming her fingers up and down Nat’s hot slit. Nat let out a low moan as Claire pressed on her hardening clit and started to rub it in a circular motion.

Claire was enjoying the sounds she was making Nat produce, and as she fingered her friend she pushed her sweet, curvy ass back into her shaven cunt. Nat was in heaven as Claire slipped two fingers up her eager and waiting cunt. Claire started pumping slowly before slipping a third finger up there. Nat loved getting fingered, especially from behind as she could feel her friend’s large breasts and erect nipples digging into her back. She also loved having her sensitive nipples pinched and twisted. All that mixed with the constant sucking and kissing on her neck soon had her screaming away with pleasure. 

Claire could feel Nat’s cunt tighten around her fingers, just then Nat let out a loud moan and her body jerked back. Claire felt the stream of cum flowing from her friend’s pussy and all over her hand. Nat turned around and watched her friend lick her juices from her hand. She loved to see Claire lapping up her cum, it was so intense. Nat got on her knees and began to return the favour. She grabbed Claire’s buttocks and pulled her friend’s warm pussy into her mouth. Nat covered the whole of it with her mouth and began to suck gently. She then slowly started licking up and down her friend’s slit, continuing to suck as Claire’s pussy produced more juice. With each stroke of her tongue Natalie applied more pressure until she had parted her friend’s pussy lips and had exposed her swelling clit. Nat locked her lips around it and sucked as hard as she could. 

Claire let out a loud groan and pulled her friend’s head deeper into her crotch. Nat took this as a good sign and started to flick Claire’s clit with the tip of her tongue before slowly penetrating her friend’s wet hole with it. Claire’s body jerked continually as Natalie gave her the tongue lashing of her life. Her pussy juices were flowing freely over Nat’s mouth and face and she tried her best to lick it all up. Just then Claire came like a flood. A wave of her juices flowed out of her pussy covering Natalie’s face. Nat stood up in front of her friend and licked up as much of Claire’s cum from her face as she could. Claire pulled her friend in close, their breasts squeezing together, and kissed her, sucking in her tongue. She then proceeded to clean off Nat’s face of her cum with her own tongue. She had always enjoyed the taste of her cum ever since the first time she had fingered herself to orgasm and licked her hands clean when she was 14.

Nat was till incredibly horny and pulled Claire in to kiss again. After a lot of tongue sucking and stroking they pulled apart. Claire looked over at the kitchen work surface.

“Fancy trying something a little different?” She had a mischievous glint in her eye.  

“If it involves you and me cuming again, I’m up for it.” Replied Natalie.

“Great!” Claire smiled and she picked up the cucumber Nat was going to use in the salad.

“You’re not going to…” Started Natalie,

“Oh yes”

“But it’s huge!! Almost 13 inches long and 3.5 thick!!!” Natalie started to back away from her friend, but the worktop stopped her.

“Enough to share!” Winked Claire. She stood right in front of Natalie with the cucumber in on hand. With her free hand she began to slowly finger Natalie once again. Natalie couldn’t help but enjoy the feeling of her friend’s fingers slipping in and out of her tight, wet hole. She started to moan with each heavy breath. 

“That’s it, get nice and wet.” Urged Claire. “Here we go now…” Natalie braised herself against the work top with her hands as Claire started rubbing the tip of the cucumber up and down her hot, wet slit. Nat let out a little gasp as the cold cucumber started rubbing against her clit. Claire applied a little more pressure to the cucumber and it spread Nat’s pussy lips apart and slowly entered her. 

Natalie couldn’t believe how huge it felt as it stretched her cunt wide open. The most she was ever used to was three of Claire’s fingers. And the boy she had lost her virginity to hardly even compared to that. Claire continued to slip the fat cucumber up her friend’s tight pussy, ignoring the look of pain on her face. 

Natalie let out cries of pain as the huge cucumber penetrated her near virgin pussy.

“Give your pussy a bit of time to get used to the size and you’ll start to enjoy it.” Promised Claire. Natalie didn’t believe her, but the more that was pushed in the less she felt the pain. Once Claire had stopped pushing the pain had turned to pleasure. Natalie looked down and gave herself a shock. Claire had shoved at least 6 inches of the thick cucumber up her cunt and she now started to pump it slowly, sliding it out a few inches before pushing it back in. Nat started to raise her hips trying to get Claire to pump more of the cucumber into her steaming pussy. Claire gave one last push and left the cucumber with 6 inches stuffed up her friend’s cunt.

“Wha…what are you doing?  Fuck Me!! Make me cum!!” Pleaded Nat. Claire smiled at her friend, pleased that she had turned her into such a little slut. She leant in and started sucking on her friend’s nipples. Nat couldn’t take much more and went to grab the cucumber for herself, but Claire stopped her by grabbing her wrists and spreading her arms. Claire continued to suck at Nat’s small breasts and hard nipples.

“Mmmmmm God I just love your breasts!!” Claire moaned between sucks. Nat was beside herself, her cunt was full to the brim with a huge cucumber and her sensitive nipples were being sucked so much they ached with pleasure.

“Please fuck me, make me cum!!” She begged. Claire stood up and kissed Nat full on the lips before rubbing the other end of the cucumber up her inner thigh, closer and closer to her dripping cunt. Hearing Natalie begging to be fucked had made her hornier and wetter than she could ever remember being.

Natalie looked down and saw Claire pressing her wet cunt into the other end of the large cucumber. She didn’t think it was possible, but she became even more turned on as she watched her friend sink the other end of the cucumber right up her tight hole. Claire let out a loud groan as she too took 6 inches up her before she bottomed out. Now with only an inch and a half of cucumber between them the two girls pulled each other in and began to kiss. They both pumped their hips back and forwards, fucking the cucumber. As their bodies slid up and down the cucumber they continued to kiss, sucking each other’s tongues, and pressing their breasts together. Their hot cunts slicked up the cucumber with their juices and after only a few minutes pumping they were taking the whole thing between them. 

Natalie loved the feeling of their wet pussys rubbing together as they met along the shaft of the cucumber. Claire started sucking on Natalie’s nipples again and almost immediately Nat let out a loud scream as she came. Her thick juices sloshed out over the cucumber and Claire smeared some on her pussy as the two connected. Not wanting to leave Claire half way, Natalie grabbed her friend’s buttocks and started really ramming her for all she was worth. Claire could only take a few minutes of this new wild pace before she too exploded in orgasm.

Both girls slid off the cucumber and sat down catching their breath.

“Tha…That was amazing!” Panted Natalie.

“It’s a whole lot better with a real cock though.” Claire smiled back. Both girls rested for a moment, stroking their pussys to calm them down, letting them recover from being stretched to the limits. Claire stood up. 

“Phew, well I’m gonna grab a quick shower.” 

“Ok, I’ll clean up here a bit then have one after you.”

“Sure thing.” Claire left for the shower and Natalie picked up the cucumber. It was sticky due to the amount of cum it had all over it. Nat was a bout to wash it off when curiosity got the better of her. She had tasted Claire’s cum loads of times and she loved it, but she had never tried her own. She held the end that had been inside her to her mouth and slowly out stretched her tongue. She licked a little off and tasted it.

“Mmmmm, not bad” She said to herself. And within seconds she was sucking away at the cucumber cleaning it of not only her cum, but also Claire’s as well. Not satisfied that it was enough she started fingering herself and then licking her fingers clean. She was amazed at how fast her cunt hole had shrunk back to its original small size. She must have been fingering for sometime because as she looked up Claire was standing in the kitchen doorway watching her. 

“Enjoying yourself? Bathrooms free.” She smiled.

She was wearing a small robe that finished about 3 inches below her crotch and it showed off her long smooth legs a treat. She had also tied her wet, auburn hair in a ponytail that came down to her ass.

“Just keeping myself occupied.” Nat smiled back as she headed off to the shower upstairs.