 I don't know what it is that draws me to women in uniform. Maybe it's the way that they are cut to make them stand tall and proud. Or perhaps it's what the uniform itself symbolizes. Power. Raw power. I love making powerful people get down on their knees, and love making them beg. That's probably why my ex was a former Canadian Naval officer. She spent her days ordering people around, but inside she needed someone to take control of her and order her around. It is also probably why my current girlfriend is now in the Air Force. She's not an officer, but she works around them every day. I love the way she looks in her uniform. She looks so strong, powerful and sexy, but she also looks vulnerable. Even surrounded by power, one look into her amazingly blue eyes shows you true submission.

Submission. That word is full of power to me. To have someone willing to give up their power and place it in my hands, in order to lead us both to sexual satisfaction is the greatest rush in the universe. Every time I see her nervous little smirk, I know she is mine. As she kneels before me, trembling in a mixture of fear and desire of the unknown, she gives herself to me.

I smile as I go through the gate, flashing them my ID and guest pass. I'm visiting her on base for the weekend. The guard thanks me very politely and waves me through. I drive my dark-blue Ford Escape toward the building where her room is located. Having visited her several times over the past year, I know its location by heart. I have timed my arrival just right, so that I can be waiting at her door when she comes home from work. While she was working, I had been out on the town, picking up a few necessities that I had forgotten at home, since I'm not allowed to stay in her room without her present. I park my vehicle near the doors, and get out. I walk into the building, and over to her doorway to wait.

I'm wearing a pair of black jeans that accent and slim down my slightly wide hips and rear end, a pair of shiny black boots, and my black button up shirt that I know she loves. Over it all I'm wearing my favorite leather jacket. It falls just passed my ass to the tops of my thighs. The best thing about it is that she loves the feel of it, and she knows that when I'm wearing it it's time for a much needed 'recess.' My girl's suitemate exits her own room and comments on my jacket. We exchange some idle chit chat before she heads off in search of something to eat. I continue to wait for her, looking at my watch every few moments. She's late and I'm starting to get angry. When I'm in a tune with my inner dominant self, I tend to get more impatient than normal when I'm forced to wait for something I want.

Finally she came through the door, a fast food bag in hand, talking with one of the males from her squadron. She looked up at me and smiled until her gaze drifted down over the jacket. Her true blue eyes widened slightly as she realized what I was up to. The Airman was still talking away, oblivious that she was no longer listening. Instead her submissive gaze locked onto my eyes only long enough to register my displeasure before looking at her feet. Soon they both stood before me, and the Airman spoke to me in a cheerful tone. I placed a fairly convincing smile on my face so he would be none the wiser of my current mood.

"Hey, I didn't realize you were coming. I was going to treat her to a movie tonight, so you should come too. After all, I hate to break up sisters," he said with a wink. Typical male.

"Actually I'm afraid my sister will have to cancel, and I must decline. She seems to have forgotten that we already have plans for the evening," I said, attempting to look properly bummed out over having to say no. While she is in the military, I'm introduced as her sister who left the family fresh out of high school due to an argument with 'our' father. Only she knew just how furious I was by the way my eyes had become a deep green with a fiery golden starburst around the pupil.

Her voice came out in an almost nervous squeak, "I'm sorry, I told you I thought I had plans."

"Aww, come on," he whined attempting to give us the lonely puppy dog treatment, when all he had done was show just how immature he was. "It will be fun."

"For you perhaps, but my sister and I have some private 'girl things' to discuss," I said.

"Oh," he looked either uncomfortable at the prospect of possibly overhearing one of the female 'unmentionables.' He backed up slightly, "Well in that case I'll catch you later." As he turned down the hallway and walked toward his own room, I leveled my gaze upon her. She gave a soft whimper and I spoke to her in a dangerous whisper.

"Don't. Inside. Now."

"Yes Mistress," she whispered. She shuffled her food bag and managed to get her keys out to unlock the door. On the outside I looked perfectly calm, unless you knew me as intimately as she did. One look at the specific hue of my eyes could tell her how pissed off I really was. She pushed open the door, and once inside, I slammed it shut behind us. I sneered slightly as I watched her jump at the sound. From behind I grasped her by the hair and pulled her head back.

"How dare you, you little slut?" I growled dangerously low into her ear. "On your knees now or you'll be sorry."

I released her hair and she dropped to her knees, kneeling in the proper fashion; legs slightly parted, hands on her thighs, palms facing up, back straight, head up and eyes down. I retrieved her food bag from the floor where she had dropped it when I caught her by her hair, and calmly placed it on her mini fridge. I walked over to my bag which had been sitting by the lounge chair since the night before when I had arrived. I unzipped it and pulled out my leather gloves, setting them on the chair, her chain lead and my braided leather riding crop. I set the lead on top of my gloves for the moment, and laid the crop on the bed, where she could see it. I knew she would already be getting wet from the sight of it. It had been our very first toy, and it remained our favorite to play with. I strode back over before her.

"Where is your collar, whore?" I asked her as I once again pulled her head back savagely with a handful of her hair. She gasped, "It's . . . on my nightstand Mistress."

I released her again and stalked over to her nightstand. There it was, laying between her radio and a stuffed animal. I plucked the thin strip of leather from where it lay and grabbed up her lead on my way back to her. I quickly slipped it around her neck, fastening it and clipped the lead to the small d-ring on the back. I let most of the cold chain rest against her back as I walked around in front of her. I gave it a small yank, almost pulling her from her kneel. She whimpered softly and I growled in response.

"What do you have to say for yourself slut?"

"I'm sorry Mistress. I didn't think you would be back so I went to get some food. I ran into him on my way in and he was insisting he take me to the movies. I kept telling him no, but he was saying he wouldn't take no for an answer. I'm so sorry Mistress," she spoke quickly as panic rose inside her. It had been awhile since she had displeased me in such a way. Tears were sliding down her cheeks as she pleaded with me.

"No, you are right, you don't think slut," I growled, giving another tug to her leash. "Am I not important enough for you to remember huh? Well let's see if you can remember who I am by the time I'm through with you."

"I know who you are Mistress," she cried out to me.

"We will see about that," I said as I stared down at the vision before me. Seeing her kneeling in her dress blues, crying with her collar around her neck made me ache deep within. I could feel myself beginning to tingle with want deep inside my very core. This would be fun, but I needed to focus because she needed to be punished. "Bend across the bed face down. Now."

"Yes Mistress," she said, tears still streaming down her precious face. She stood, and walked gracefully to the bed. She bent down over her, letting her arms rest above her head against the mattress. I grabbed my leather gloves from the chair, and slipped them on, knowing what the feel of leather on her skin did to her. I stepped up behind her, and with my knee I forced her legs to spread open a bit more and pushed her hips a little bit more firmly against the bed to force her perfect little ass in the air. I reached around to the front of her, and unbuckled her dress pants. Though I was being rough, I took care not to damage her uniform. I pulled the pants down and let them fall to her ankles, watching as a thin scrap of black satin waited beneath. I reached up, and didn't hesitate to pull those down as well. I smirked sadistically as I heard the material rip as I pulled hard on them. I left her bare assed to my feasting eyes, as I flipped the slight tail of her light-blue dress shirt up so that it wasn't in the way. I slowly traced two of my leather clad fingertips along her cheeks and carefully up her crack, letting her register the feel of the soft black leather. She shivered, and a moan quieted her tears. She stilled as I picked up the crop, and slowly I followed the same trail with its soft tip. Again she uttered a soft moan.

"Yes my little leather whore, you know what's coming don't you?" I whispered to her in a low sadistic tone. When I didn't receive a response from her other than a light sigh, I pinched her on the ass rather hard. I growled down at her, "What was that slut, I didn't hear you?!"

She jumped with a soft yell at being pinched, "Y-yes Mistress."

"With each blow you will count. You will also remind yourself just who I am. Do not fail me," I raised the crop.

"Yes Mistress."

I brought it down hard enough to cause her to jump slightly. "One, Mistress. You are my Mistress."

I brought it down again, a little hard now, causing a rosy pink color to begin rising in her cheeks. Again she gave a little jump upon the contact. "Two, Mistress. You are my Mistress."

"What else am I to you my little pain slut?" I growled. "Who am I?" I brought the crop down again, the pinkness spreading and beginning to deepen. She gasped, and let out a soft moan at my growl. 

"Three, Mistress. You are my Mistress, you are my Dominant . . ." Between each title I would bring the crop down in steady hard strokes. "Four, Mistress. You are my lover . . . f-five Mistress. You are my girlfriend . . . six, Mistress. And you are my soulmate . . . mmm seven, Mistress."

"Again slut," I whispered raggedly. As she began the mantra once more, I again would hit her after each title was spoken, but harder now. The pink was deepening to almost red, and heat could be felt from the welts. 

"You are my Mistress . . . eight, Mistress. My lover . . . oohhh nine, Mistress. My girlfriend . . . mmm . . . ten, Mistress. And," her breath was getting slightly labored as the line between pain and pleasure was slowly becoming blurred. "My soulmate . . . ooh God eleven, Mistress . . . " We continued the count through twenty-one before I felt she couldn't take much more of the light beating. I decided to finish up this phase of her punishment.

"Pick between one and five," I said roughly. I could see her juices beginning to leak out along her leg. I knew she was rather close just from the beating, considering she wasn't usually a river of come. She took just a moment to catch her breath, and I brought the crop down in warning.

She yelped and gasped out in a moan, "Four please Mistress."

"Harder or the same?" I hissed, running my leather-covered hand over her tender bottom. I could feel slight heat coming from her ass even through the thick leather gloves. "Harder Mistress," she said as she shivered under my touch. I was proud of her for choosing to finish in such a way. Harder she asked, and harder I gave; four clean blows with the crop, making her ass light up as red as Rudolph's nose on Christmas. She moaned, her hips jerking forward against the bed with each hit. Tears were once again streaming down her face. They weren't tears of fear of displeasing her Mistress, no, these were tears of redemption. She felt she had appeased her Mistress, at least for the moment. Little did she know that her punishment was far from over.