 Do you ever have one of those days where life just catches you off guard? Where you receive something totally from left field? When your best friend comes home after nearly being raped, falls asleep in your arms, wakes up, and then proceeds to eat you out until you come?

Okay, maybe that last one was just me.

I was born Rumiko Takahashi, 19 years old, to a good home and overprotective parents. You know that one in-joke where it's always the sheltered girl who's willing to experiment in college? Yep, it's true. Though I hadn't been with anyone until my roommate, Annette Crawford, I had kissed a willing girl or two during my stay in college.

But none were the same as Annette. Her breasts were luscious globes, always a crowd-pleaser in tight-knit shirts. When she stretched, she would push her chest out, then giggle as everyone- boys and girls- would try to play off their wayward glances. I'll admit, I was slightly jealous(after all, no one was pining for a chance to ogle my breasts), but her personality was magnetic, so to speak. We became fast friends, sharing secrets and helping each other with homework.

It's funny how things change so quickly.

On a Sunday morning, she came home in tears, asked me to hold her. Within a few hours, I was screaming her name on our couch. She walked seductively into my room, a provocative wiggle to her hips, and gave me one final command:

"It's your turn now, Rumiko."

Time stopped. Questions poured into my head. What do I do? What if I fuck up somehow? She read my mind so easily. Holding out her hand, her voice was gentle. "I know your scared. But I trust you."

The next few moments were like a slideshow. Click. I stand. Click. I walk slowly, still stumbling from the orgasm I had moments before. Click. Shaking, I take her hand. Click, then my brain shut off. She pulled me slowly; into the distorted Andy Warhol painting that was my room. I was scared. I was worried. I was apprehensive. We stopped right at the edge of my bed. Using her other hand, she grazed my cheek gently. My heart a drum in my chest, I swallowed the lump n my throat and forced myself to speak. "Annie, I have to be honest, I don't think-" She pressed her lips to mine, and suddenly my mind cleared up. When she broke it, I was speechless. "You think a lot. That always was your problem." 

She lowered herself onto my bed, and I brought myself on top of her. My arms fell on each side of her body. She smiled, and it almost made my arms collapse. "No more thinking, Rumi. Act." She brought my head down to hers.

Holy shit, did that kiss turn me on. My mind felt like someone had emptied the recycle bin. No thoughts entered. No thoughts left. My mind turned itself onto auto-pilot.

One of my hands slowly drifted up her side. She didn't resist at all, giving herself to me completely. My touch lingered softly, but only for a moment, on the side of her breasts, taking in the soft feel of her breast. I finally let it fall on her nipple, tugged it gently. A low but audible moan crawled from her lips. I pulled my own back, and kissed slowly to her neck. Anne's legs curled around my waist, pressing our holes together. I released her nipple and instead pinned both of her arms to the bed. "No, I'll be taking care of you." I pressed my lips back to her, only harder. I was becoming much more forceful; my tongue was pushing deeper into her mouth, my fingers pressing into my linen sheets, my mind treading deeper and deeper into unexpected waters. 

For just a moment, she pushed her clit against my own, sending pure electricity rippling through both of our bodies. It wasn't much, but it was something to go on. I closed my eyes and begin grinding into her pussy, rubbing up and down, lips-to-lips. She jumped at first, visibly caught off guard, but she soon got into it, her soft but clear moans of pleasure leaving her mouth into my own. I felt her juices dripping from her pussy, melding with my own. The scent of our honey was driving me insane, and I knew exactly what would quell my thirst.

Without warning, I stopped. Anne gave me a very visible 'why the fuck would you stop' look, which quickly became a hopeful smile when she saw me slide between her legs. Once my knees fell onto the rough carpet, I reached under my bed and grabbed something I used very rarely, only when I felt I deserved a reward. After rubbing it up and down my slit, thoroughly coating it in my own juices, I turned a small knob on its base. Before the quiet whirring noise gave her a chance to react, I pressed the tip into her.

"Ah!" She gasped in shock at the vibrator now pulsating between her legs. " Rumi, when did you-" Anne tried to choke out, but I only pushed it in deeper, making her squeal in pleasure. "No talking. Just enjoy." I whispered. I pulled it out slowly as I began rubbing it up and down her slit, just as I had been doing earlier. Anne was enjoying herself more than I thought; her moans were becoming more guttural and loud, as she raised her hips off the ground, trying to feel more and more of the vibe inside of her.

"Stop t-teasing me," she begged. "Make me cum already-"As she spoke, I pushed my tongue deep inside of her, and pressed the vibrator against her clit. Suffice to say, she came. In truth, she shot more and more girl cream than I could have ever expected. Her body began to buck and shudder as her orgasm ripped through her body. As I lapped and swallowed as much as I could, my face glistened with her juices.

As her orgasm subsided, her hips fell back into the bed. Her chest was rising slowly but surely; she was spent in every sense of the word. I pulled myself up to her side. My goal was to kiss her, but suddenly I was rather tired, and my head fell onto her chest. Even though Anne was just as tired, if not more, she brought hers hand to my hair and began to gently stroke it lovingly.

"Did I...do good?" I asked timidly, still clutching the vibe in my palm. I suddenly felt my shyness coming back, becoming aware that I had just put my tongue to another girl's pussy, something I dreamed about, but never expected to do. "You did great, Rumiko." Her hand was very comforting, very assuring. My heart was beating slowly, taking on a feeling I had never felt before. It felt like...

Love.

Oh, shit.

Was I falling in love with Anne? Could I tell her that? Am I crazy? Lots of questions I didn't know the answer to began going through my brain. What 

if she didn't feel the same way? What if she finds someone else? What if-

"I Love you, Rumi."

She said it so casually, so calm. Like It was the easiest thing in the world. She certainly made me feel that way." I...l-love you too..." My own came out awkwardly, nowhere near as graceful as Anne. But I don't think she really minded. I had never fallen asleep cradled in someone else's arms before, but the comfort and safety I felt as I began drifting back off to sleep were unmatched.

That day, I missed a test. And you know what? I didn't give a fuck.