 The following is fictional. Names, and locations have been made up and are not meant to depict real people, living or deceased. These stories also depict dangerous, unprotected sexual encounters. In this day and age of killer STDs, please be careful and wear protection! Only YOU can keep yourself healthy.

This is an adults only story. If you are underage in the community you live in, please do not go any further. Thank you and happy reading!

Chapter 11 - Spring Has Sprung!

Before I begin my next tale, I'd like to set things straight. Although the stories appear to be in chronological order, they are not. As much as I'd like to believe I've fucked my wife and her sexy sisters in date order, that's just not the case. My tales are told as I remember them. A lot of it has to do with the time of season and how I'm feeling.

Oh, and it's not always orgy time at the Four Sisters Saloon. I just happen to like the times we've been involved in group action. It's my favorite type of play. One last thing, before I begin, the ladies are all married now, with families of their own. It doesn't stop us adults from having fun from time to time, but it makes it a whole lot harder and less frequent!

Okay, enough of my blabbering, on with the story...

*

Ah, springtime, when a young man's fancy turns to....

Lust, pure unadulterated lust. Yes, I know that's NOT how it goes, but for me, well, lust hits closer to home. Damn, I just love the warmer weather of springtime. The clothes get skimpier, more see through and much, much tighter. God, I love springtime at the Four Sisters Saloon. The spaghetti strap tops, tube tops, bikini tops and bra tops all come out in full force. And that's just the help! Some of our customers would go topless if we'd let them (and yes, we sure as hell let them from time to time.)

To say I'm horny during springtime is a major understatement. My testosterone is flying high and my sweet, darling Cindy is often the recipient of any fun that arises from my voyeuristic tendencies. Take for instance the time I caught Amy having an all girl threeway with Joy and Jill, two of our waitresses from the Four Sisters Saloon.

It was the first really hot day of Spring. Temps were in the mid-80's with plenty of sunshine and low humidity to go around. Cindy and I were working the bar, along with Fran, Carla and Susan. We try to rotate days off so, like god, we get one day of rest during the week. I had to run back to the house and pick something up for a friend, so I left the ladies in charge.

When I pulled up to the house, I noticed Joy's and Jill's cars in the driveway. I entered the house but didn't see or hear the girls. I headed out to the backyard thinking they might be back there sunning themselves. Nope, they weren't there either. Oh well, they must have gone on a nature walk. Our house backs up to a large forest preserve. Cindy and I have often wandered out there ourselves for some sexy fun. I headed out back to see if I could catch the ladies in various stages of undress.

I followed the trail into the woods. The woods were fairly quiet, with only the occasional birdcall or small mammal to be heard. As I walked deeper into the brush, I could hear soft moans coming from a glade nearby. I left the trail and headed towards the moans. I slowly approached the tree line and kept out of sight. The scene before me made me instantly hard.

The girls were sitting on a picnic bench, Amy between Joy and Jill. Joy and Jill were taking turns kissing Amy on the lips, each kiss lasting a little longer. I strained to hear what they were saying to one another but was too far away to make anything out. It sure seemed like they were enjoying themselves, that's for sure!

Amy, for her part, was returning each lady's kiss more enthusiastically. It was very apparent that things were going to progress further, as the sisters had Amy stand up. I watched, enthralled, as Joy turned Amy towards her and kissed her deeply. Jill was working Amy's top off slowly, kissing Amy's exposed skin as she worked the top towards Amy's head. Jill had to interrupt their kiss in order to remove Amy's top. My darling sister in law wasn't wearing a bra. As soon as it was removed, Joy and Amy were back at it, French kissing deeply.

Jill then moved over to Joy and reached around to unbutton her blouse. I watched Jill slowly unbutton Joy's top, revealing a sheer bra. My cock was throbbing in my shorts, so I carefully unzipped my shorts and let my cock free. I stroked it slowly, knowing I was already on the edge. I just about came when Jill unsnapped her sister's bra and removed it. Amy and Joy were now standing breast to breast, kissing softly and rubbing nipples.

I watched as Jill then removed her own top and joined the other two in gentle kisses. Damn this was hot! I stroked my cock slowly, wanting to enjoy this as much as I could before I blew my load all over the forest floor. The sisters had Amy sit on top of the table as they took positions on either side of her. Joy and Jill then each took a breast in their mouth and began to suck. Amy closed her eyes as the ladies gently suckled on her tits. She lovingly cradled their heads and they kissed and licked and nipped on her breasts. 

It was at this point that I almost blew it. I had to stop stroking my cock. I was way too close to coming. I went to change position and stepped on a twig. SNAP! I froze. The ladies stopped what they were doing and looked around. Again, I still couldn't hear what they were saying but I was sure they were wondering what that noise was. I stayed still and out of sight. The girls soon returned to their play.

Amy got down off the top of the bench and had the sisters stand in front of her. This blocked my view of what was happening but I assumed she was returning the tit licking favor. I saw Amy's head move back and forth between the sisters' chests. Both Joy and Jill were enjoying Amy's attention as they continually arched their backs and tilted their heads back in pleasure. I then watched as Amy reached around and pulled Joy's shorts and panties down. She then turned to Jill and removed her panties as well. When Amy stood up and removed her shorts and panties, I thought I had died and gone to heaven! Damn what a beautiful view! Three gorgeous ladies, naked as the day they were born, about to pleasure one another for my viewing delight. I was not to be disappointed. 

Amy led Joy and Jill over to a blanket that was spread out on the grass. At this time, I also noticed a canvas bag on the blanket. I was wondering what it was for when Amy and the girls sit down on the blanket. She grabbed the bag and soon joined them. Reaching into the bag, Amy pulled out a large, black dildo. It seemed she was asking the girls who wanted it first. Jill won out and before giving it to her, Amy sucked on its big, fat head. 

Amy again reached into the bag and pulled out another dildo. This one was just as big and thick as the first one, but was white. Joy quickly grabbed for it but Amy pulled it away. I watched as she rubbed the head of the new dildo along her pussy lips. She then gave it to Joy who quickly stuck it in her mouth, licking Amy's juices off it. With both sisters satisfied with their presents, Amy pulled out her toy. It was a double-headed dildo, nice and thick. I watched as she explained to the sisters what she'd like them to do and they got in position.

Amy had the sisters get on all fours, butts facing one another. She then inserted one end of the double-headed dildo into Joy's pussy. Joy groaned loudly as Amy began to pump her cunt with the dildo. Next, it was Jill's turn. She quickly backed her pussy onto that fat cock. Her groans quickly joined Joy's as the sisters rocked back and forth on the dildo. Amy was busy rubbing their backs and asses, pleased with her setup. She then positioned herself in front of Jill and the party began.

As Jill and Joy fucked one another on the double-headed dildo, Amy was taking turns on the other two fake cocks. Jill fucked her hard and fast with the black dildo, licking and nibbling on Amy's clit while she fucked herself. Amy would then head over to Joy and the process was repeated. All three ladies were sweating profusely as they worked themselves on the latex cocks. Amazingly, Amy was the first to fall over. I thought she'd last the longest but the big, thick cocks that Jill and Joy were using on her were too much. She fell backward as a very violent and strenuous orgasm overwhelmed her.

Joy moved forward and quickly buried her face between Amy's legs. Amy's legs shot straight into the air as Joy's tongue found Amy's clit. Jill moved behind Joy and quickly filled her pussy with the black dildo, causing Joy to come quickly. The ladies were now moaning loudly and coming like crazy. As soon as my hand touched my cock again, I came. I shot a very large load onto the leaves nearby and my knees buckled. I didn't think I'd ever stop coming, as the come emptied out of my balls. 

I watched the girls as they pleasured one another in various combinations. There were two on ones, one on ones, three for alls and lots of orgasms. My favorite portion of the day had to be when the ladies positioned themselves in a triangle, feet touching. They then worked those fake cocks in and out of their cunts, moaning and orgasming at will. It was such a hot sight, I came again, this time splattering my come on a tree trunk. 

Satisfied at last, I headed back to the house, leaving the girls to cuddle and kiss one another back to reality. I quickly grabbed what I had come for and headed back to the Four Sisters Saloon. As soon as I entered the door, I grabbed Cindy and hauled her surprised ass back to the office. 

I quickly locked the door and basically tore her clothes off. I knelt down and feasted on her pussy. Cindy didn't seem to mind all that much as she came quite a few times on my tongue. We fucked all over that office. In the chair, on the desk, on the floor, up against the wall, it didn't matter; I just had to fuck my baby. 

When it was over and I had calmed down, Cindy asked me what had made me so horny. As I told her what I had witnessed back at the house, Cindy began to get quite horny herself. She would bend over from time to time to take my cock into her mouth. When I was hard again, she sat me on the chair and rode me like a rodeo bronc. By the time I had finished my tale, Cindy was just about fucked out. So was I. 

We were greeted with knowing smiles when we got back to the bar.