 Two cute blonde friends are bombed at a college student's party. Ones named Camille the other is Heidi. Turns out they had a little too much Fourloko and end up having hot wet drunk sex together after Heidi complains about her ex-boyfriend being present at the party and wants to get over him. 

Told from Heidi's position: 

I cheered and giggled as I stripped off my shirt and swung it around in one hand and with my look in the other on the coffee table while everyone else was whistled and cheering me on. Laughing, I almost fell but my drinking partner and best friend Camille caught me and held me up by the elbow. "Whoops!" I said I looked deep into her pretty blue eyes. 

"Heidi you're so drunk you need to watch yourself!" She said jokingly, as she was pretty wasted herself. 

Suddenly my drink was whacked out of my hand and I turn to see my ex-boyfriend Kyle yelling at me and getting up my face. The music was so loud I could barely make out his words. All I wanted to do was punch him the face for cheating on me before and just have a good time without him. 

"What do you want Kyle, what the fuck is your problem." I shouted at him. Camille was giving him a "Fuck off" kind of look. 

"You're such a whore!" He shouted at me back. "I can't believe you just embarrassed me like that Heidi!" He was drunk too.

"Kyle I-" I was cut off by Camille when she took my hand and said "Kyle it's a party, everyone's going to do stupid drunk stuff and you cheated on my best friend so its fucking done just walk the fuck away Heidi doesn't want to talk to you!" 

My ex gave up and walked away into the mist of the party. I started to think of all the pain and memories and felt my eyes get wet. Then I sobbed and ran into the kitchen and closed the door. A couple I didn't know was hooking up and gave me a pissed off look and walked out leaving me alone with empty cans, trash and just wrappers all over the floor and counters. 

The door whooshed open and Camille came rushing in along with the sound of the music playing but was quickly dubbed when the door slammed shut. 

She stumbled over to me and grabbed my hands away from my face "Heidi what's wrong?" 

"I hate him!" I screeched and threw a beer can at the wall. "I hate him so much! 6 months was ruined because he's a jerk and cheated on me! He was everything to me Camille!" 

"Shh don't worry about him. He doesn't deserve a beautiful amazing girl like you." She said and hugged me stroking my hair. I cried on her shoulder. 

"Heidi you're so amazing, and he's a fucking asshole. We were here to have fun right? Fuck that scumbag!" Camille pulled away and put my face in her hands while she stroked a tear back. I started to get a warm fuzzy feeling inside as we both stared deeply into each other's eyes. 

Before I could react, she pressed her body into mind and kissed me deeply. I shut my eyes and kissed her back, not realizing what I was doing. She stroked my arm gently then my hair as she deepened the kiss. I wasn't a lesbian, and I wanted to pull away but the alcohol and horniness made me gravitate towards her more. Fuck it: I thought and wrapped my hands around her neck. She pressed her tongue against my lip and I allowed entrance as her sweet soft tongue flicked against mine and in a harmonized motion. It made sweet wet sounds and we both were softly moaning as we desired for more. 

A guy I knew from one of my classes walked in and I heard him go "Oh shit!" and snicker as he ran out. I felt mortified for a second but Camille didn't pull away and kept the making out going. She didn't care. So why should I? I could barely stand up anyways. Why not have fun if I'm not going to remember. I pushed her back gently and smirked as I took her hand and pulled her out of the kitchen back into the dark crazy party. We tried to quickly sneak up the stairs but we heard a few guys say "Ohhhh!" behind us at the bottom as if they knew what was about to go down. 

We ran into an unlocked bedroom then quickly shut the door and locked it. We both smiled and fell onto the bed. I got on top of Camille and tongued with her more as I felt her tits and thighs outside her clothing. She gained dominance and was on top of me. In between kisses Camille licked the top of my cleavage as I already was in my bra and jeans. My nipples got so hard and I felt my pussy aching to be fucked. My thong was probably started to get wet too. I pulled off her shirt and gave her tits a good squeeze. Wow they were soft. She was a D cup just like me and they looked so delicious in her hot pink bra. I wanted to feel her soft pale big breasts rub against my own hard nipples so bad. I always tried to sneak a glimpse of them whenever she changed at sleepovers, dressing rooms or in gym class. 

I sucked on my tongue and grabbed her tits as she unbuttoned my jeans and threw them off. I had on a cheetah bra and a black thong. She licked my stomach and played with my belly ring with her tongue as she rubbed the outside of my pussy through my thong. 

"Heidi you are so fucking wet." She said and smiled at me. 

"Mmm I like that I want more." Really that meant just fuck me. I was so horny. I want her to lick my clit so bad I was ready to scream. 

Before I knew it her own skirt was off and she wasn't wearing any panties. Her wet hairless pussy glistened and she rubbed it against my thigh slowly as she ripped off my bra and pinched my nipples. I arched my back and moaned loudly telling her to suck them. She slipped one in her mouth and sucked it really hard as she played with the other. I took off her bra and her tits spilled out. As she made out with me some more her hard nipples grazed against mine and I loved the feeling. My drenched thong was tossed off and she put her thigh right in it. Oh god it felt so good. 

"Oh fuck yes!" She said as my thigh was in her pussy as well. In harmony we slowly slide each other's thighs against each others. She left a trail of her own wetness on my leg each time we sissored. Camille tilted her head back and shoved her finger in her clit as we were scissoring a little faster and harder. That was so hot. Her mouth was opened and she was moaning my name over and over as she was shoving her thigh in vagina and digging her finger in and out of her clit. We disconnected I pushed her off me and spread her legs open. I ran my fingers up and down her drenched clit and she moaned in more anticipation. I then slowly dub my tongue deep inside of her and twisted it around. 

"Oh fuck!" She screamed. "Yes Heidi just fuck me! Fuck me so fucking hard mmm lick it more baby!" I loved hearing her moan for me and the taste of her pussy juice was amazing. I grabbed her legs and lapped it up. There were so many places to suck. Up and down my tongue went along her clit. She pushed my head into her and I swirled my tongue around her pussy and it made thick wet sounds. My lips were kissing her sensitive spot as my tongue danced around her sweetness. She was fucking loving it, almost reaching orgasm. I even started to finger myself as I ate her. 

"Please keep going I want it so bad. Yes baby ugh that's it right there! Oh!" She screamed. I decided to let her fucking have it and pushed two of my fingers into her pumping in and out hard and fast. I wanted to see her as she cum's. I rubbed my wet clit as I moaned and smiled. She was pinching and bringing her own huge tits to her mouth as I thrusted my fingers deep into her. She was becoming more and more wet, almost to orgasm. 

"You like that? Mmm come on Camille cum for me baby!" I said. She was gasping and screaming my name. I'm surprised no one had heard us yet. My own fingers twisted around my clit harder as I fucked her. I twisted them in and out of her as fast I could as 1...2...3...she screamed and her juices flowed all over my hand. Her legs jerked and she was breathing really hard. She seductively sucked them off my hand and got on top and licked my tongue so she could taste herself as she played with my pussy. 

"I fucking want you baby make me cum!" I moaned in between kisses hen she stuck two of her fingers deep in me. Oh god. I could feel how wet I already was it was dripping. It felt so good as she pumped her fingers in every sweet spot. Faster and harder I wanted. I arched my back and moaned loudly. 

"Yes that's the spot ooh yea mmm fuck me like they do in the porn movies!" I screamed when she lowered her head and looked me right in the eyes as she flicked her tongue just on the outside of my clit to tease me. I gasped as she took me by surprise when she shoved her whole tongue and a finger inside of me. She twisted it around deep in my vagina and sucked hard and bit down on my large labia. 

"Mmm do you like my pussy does it taste good you slut?" I said as I grabbed her hair and she looked up at me and nodded when she flicked her tongue all around inside me. The walls of my pussy were on fire with pleasure and I closed my eyes and I kept moaning her name. The wet sounds of my own cum being were an even more turn on for me and I felt myself getting the big O. 

"Yes Camille don't stop baby don't!" Oh I loved it; her fingers were pumping harder than a penis I was arching my back grabbing the sides the bed trying to hold me down. Her wet tongue lapped my cum right up as I came hard all over. 

She kissed me and wished me goodnight as we both passed out on the bed. I just know that I won't regret this night when I'm sober in the morning.