 This is my fantasy. To possess. To own. To be Frederica.

*

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, businesses, places, merchandise, companies, events and incidents are either the products of the author's imagination or used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental. All characters are 18 years or older when in sexual situations.

Prologue

My pangs of sexual hunger caused me to issue a low pitched growl of unabated lust.

My sub knelt on the bed with her hands behind her stretching her ass cheeks apart until her skin strained. Her thighs were almost imperceptivity shaking in anticipation. Her ragged breathing betrayed her darkest desire to feel my tongue making love to her back passage.

I paused. I wanted to burn this image indelibly into my mind. Her hands pulling apart her soft rounded ass cheeks, exposing even softer flesh and a pucker that was slightly open. The darker skin of her anus in sharp contrast to the lily white skin of her bottom. The tuft of pubic hair just visible underneath her, the ends glowing with the light of the room being caught by her droplets of dew.

I put my hands on the front of her thighs. She shuddered in reaction to my touch. I pulled my face closer, but not yet touching her, allowing her to feel my hot breath so close to her sex. She pushed her ass towards me, no doubt hoping to feel the wetness of my tongue. I wanted to wring every ounce of desire out of her, waiting for her inevitable plea. I didn't wait long.

"Please Mistress, please," she whispered.

"Not yet my sweet pet." My legs were now trembling as well, as we both knew our release was within my power to grant.

I used one of my hands to give a feather light stroke across her moist sex, drawing a long sigh from her. I waited again. As each second ticked by her want became palpable.

"More please Mistress."

"Patience my greedy little slut."

"I beg of you ..." Her whimpering plea was accompanied by a gyration of her hips, hoping to find my fingers or my tongue.

I wanted to draw it out even further but I was overcome by my own unsatiated desires. I returned both hands to the front of her thighs and pulled by face close to her anus, swabbing it lightly with the flat of my tongue. Her rosebud clenched against my tongue. Her reaction set off a wildfire within me. I wanted to possess her, body and soul.

Faint sobs came from her. "Mistress, the feelings I'm experiencing are beyond anything I could have imagined."

I pulled away from her to reply. "Confess everything my pet." I curled my tongue and pushed it into her, feeling the smooth walls of her back channel. I moved the tip of my tongue, massaging the tight muscle, and used my hand to again rub her distended pearl, now slippery with her want. For me, there was no greater submission than her willingness to offer her ass for our mutual pleasure. She belonged to me, and me alone. I was marking my territory with my tongue.

"I love you Mistress," she said with complete conviction.

Her confession stoked me further. I rotated my tongue inside her and was now rubbing her pussy with the flat of my hand. The smell of her sex was overwhelming and seductive.

"Oh my ... " She sharply inhaled. The familiar twitch of her body presaged her release.

I pulled back again. "Not yet my pet."

I drew one hand to my own needy sex. I coated my fingers with my slippery discharge and felt the electric shock from my own touch. I was spiraling upwards. I momentarily lost focus as a ripple of pleasure emanated from my dripping cunt.

My sub was crestfallen. "No, no Mistress. Please don't stop."

Her plea pulled me back to reality. I wanted to taste her again, dipping my tongue into her well of depravity. The slightly sweet tang of her essence fueled my craving to possess her. She started to shake.

"Now," I commanded.

Her hands grasped the back of my head. She pushed back against me so firmly my nose and mouth were enveloped with her pillowy ass cheeks, causing me to take one last sip of air before I was completely smothered. Her body was no longer hers to control. My tongue controlled it. I pushed farther into her. My hand was a blur as I moved it back and forth against her sex, throwing droplets of moisture against her thighs. I took my hand away from my pussy and gripped one of the nipples on her pendulous breasts. She thrashed about, as if demonically possessed, as she spewed an incoherent babble.

I waited for the waves of pleasure to wash over her until her body stilled.

I turned over on my back and pulled my knees to my chest, exposing all of my charms.

"Pleasure me my pet. Show me how much you love me."

Chapter One

Frederica was my given name. I was second generation in the United States, the third child of a German couple. Frederica was the name of my grandmother on my father's side, and meant "peaceful ruler," the feminized version of Frederick. Little did they know that the name was apt for what I was to become.

I was an "early bloomer," as they say, growing up in suburban Maryland. At age 13 I was already wearing a "C" cup and by 18 I was a "DD." I picked up my third "D" when I picked up 10 pounds. That old saying "there are only two things certain in this world" was made in error. There are actually three things certain in the world. There's death, taxes, and teenage boys chasing girls with big tits. I was getting stares from boys and men before I could even comprehend their almost singular compulsion. But I'm a quick learner, and by age 16 I was manipulating my sexuality into dinners, movies and rides in fancy sports cars. I had a collection of cashmere sweaters in both medium and large. I knew if I wore the medium I would get double the number of stares from horny men (actually thinking about it "horny men" is redundant. All men are horny all the time).

It wasn't until college where my sexuality was unleashed. I went through the men like a buzzsaw, sometimes with 3 or 4 men in a week. All of them wanted their face between my tits and I accommodated as many as I could. I not only had sex with students but also with faculty and members of the administration. I was strictly heterosexual and in complete control of my relationships, that is until that fateful day in the dead of winter when I ran into Josie at a class mixer.

I was standing in a large auditorium with drink in hand, sweeping my eyes across the vast floor to see who was there (and how they were dressed).

"Not much here, is there?" It was a female voice.

The question startled me as I hadn't heard her come up behind me. I turned to face her.

I confirmed her observation. "Not that I can see as well."

"Well then, maybe we should get out of here."

I was startled again by this bold proposition. For starters I had never been with a woman. I studied her. A sultry blonde with long shapely legs. Probably in her early 30's. Blue eyes of course. A bright red party dress showing plenty of cleavage and leg and high heels that made her at least six inches taller than me. Plenty of spunk. I like spunk and respected her for it (and guys, I meant spirit, not cum). I was into experimentation, so words came out of my mouth without much mental processing. "Let's go to my place."

"I thought I moved quickly," said the blonde.

My mental gear caught up with my mouth, now comprehending that I had basically agreed to have sex with this (fortunately) comely woman. "I...I...I didn't mean it that way ..." Not one of my finer moments.

The blonde could sense that I was off balance and pushed harder on me. "You didn't mean to suggest that we have sex together?"

Wow. I had met my match. How do you answer this question? I went with Plan B. "Did you want to check out the dance floor before we leave?"

The blonde didn't buy that suggestion and called bullshit on me. "You agreed there was nothing here. Are you stalling?"

Again, into the box. I could not verbally spar with this person. I conceded and told the truth. "What I meant to say to you is that I've never had sex with a woman but you intrigue me."

She studied me before she replied. I could imagine her thoughts as she scanned me from head to toe. "Brunette, nice face, huge tits, average legs." She nodded once to acknowledge that my last statement was accepted as the truth. "I intrigue you because you've never met anyone like me. You are promiscuous and curious, an explosive combination."

I nodded back at her. Her assessment was spot on. I could imagine that sex with her could be explosive as well. Hey, I was twenty at the time and impulsive, "Let's go." I held out my hand.

The blonde held out her hand and waited for me to grasp her hand. I didn't know it at the time but she exercised domination over me from our first words and our first intimate contact. I took her hand and she led me outside into a moonless night. We were standing on the concrete steps, bathed in harsh fluorescent light, with our breaths forming clouds in the icy cold air. The blonde took my head in her hands and pulled me toward her, offering her pouty lips to me. I was taken by the intimacy of the moment. Almost all of my "dates" with men were strictly exercises in carnal lust. This was different. I accepted her offer and pressed my lips against hers, feeling the wetness of her lips as they parted. Our tongues met and then intertwined, dancing to music I could not hear. I didn't want it to end.

The blonde finally pulled away. "My, you are a quick learner. If it wasn't so cold here I'd be pulling your panties down I'm so turned on."

"Mmmmmmm,"I replied. "That kiss was delicious."

"Where are we going my pet?" asked the blonde. I didn't comprehend the word pet, thinking it was just an amusing term of endearment.

I gave her the address and she led me to her car. We travelled in silence to my apartment building. The sexual tension built during the car ride and by the time we arrived we practically dashed to my apartment. Once inside she flung me against the wall and kissed me hard and pushed her hand up my skirt, finding my sopping wet panties. She effortlessly pulled the fabric of my panties to one side and slid two fingers deep inside me. We were still passionately kissing so my moan was muffled by our kiss. But her touch was like nothing I had ever felt. All the clumsy groping by the men I had sex with didn't remotely measure up with her well-schooled technique. Within a minute I was humping her hand and begging for my release.

"Easy my pet. This is just an appetizer, not the main course," she said with breezy confidence.

"You are a demon." I always had a flair for the dramatic.

She was flattered. "I know my pet. As they say, the devil is in the details and when it comes to sex I'm all about the details. Let's go to your bedroom shall we?"

I decided to dispense with one preliminary. "It's always my policy to know someone's name before they put their face in my snatch. I'm Frederica Schneider."

The blonde laughed. "I guess that would be an essential detail. I'm Josephine Fornier. But everyone calls me Josie." She accompanied this statement with a 1,000 watt smile.

A handshake didn't seem appropriate so I just said, "I'm pleased to meet you."

Josie dispensed with the other preliminaries. "I think we're so hot and bothered we ought to catch up on the other details of our lives later. Right now I just want to fuck you."

I led Josie to the bedroom. She was clearly going to dictate the action. "Frederica, for reasons that will become clear later I'm going to call you my pet. Is that OK?"

She could call me anything she wanted. At that point in time I wanted her to make love to me. "Yes, 'hey you' is just fine too."

"Good, take off your blouse."

I unbuttoned my blouse and draped it on the bed. Josie eyes were transfixed on me, and in particular on my breasts. Without breaking her gaze she murmured, "Hand me your bra." She was practically licking her lips.

I reached back behind me and unfastened each of the hooks. I let the bra slide forward off my arms and then handed it to Josie. She crumpled up the bra and pressed it against her nose. She closed her eyes and inhaled deeply.

"Ummmmm. You smell delicious." The blonde cast the bra on top of my blouse. She stared at my bare breasts. Now being a 34DDD, there was a lot to take in.

"My pet, you have magnificent breasts."

Not being shy I blushed anyway. "Thank you."

"Now your skirt and panties. Give me your panties. Leave your heels on."

I dropped my skirt and kicked it off. I slipped my panties off and handed them to Josie. Instead of sniffing them she licked the wet spot on them. "My, my, you are excited."

That was an understatement. I couldn't stand this slow burn. I wanted her to fling me on the bed and bury her face in my pussy. She apparently had other plans.

"Spread your legs."

I shifted my feet so my legs were spread as wide as I could without falling over. "My legs are not my best attribute," I offered apologetically.

"Nonsense," the blonde responded. "You have lovely legs and the heels give just the right amount of curve to your calves."

"Well, they're not like yours."

"You're getting ahead of yourself my pet. Right now this is all about you." She stepped forward and slid her finger between my legs.

"Nooooo," I cried. My legs started to wobble and I sat backwards on the bed. That was unfair. That touch felt so good my legs turned to Jell-o.

Josie pounced on me, sucking one of my erect nipples in her mouth and rolling the other one between her finger and her thumb. She swirled her tongue around my nipple and then wandered further, tracing the flat of her tongue on the tops and below my breasts. I was shivering, as if we were outside in the cold night. Whatever I thought I knew about sexual pleasure was being completely redefined.

I subconsciously parted my legs. This act was not unnoticed. Josie used one hand to gently explore my sex while she continued to make love to my breasts. I had a sharp, quick orgasm that caught me by surprise.

"Ohhhhh," I uttered as my heart fluttered and a warm glow blanketed my body.

"You came my pet."

"I did," I moaned.

"Good, but in the future you'll cum when I tell you."

I wasn't clear on this concept. "Excuse me?"

"You'll cum when I tell you to cum."

"That sounds silly."

"It may, but trust me. The intensity of your orgasms will multiply if you follow my lead."

She hadn't led me astray so far so I agreed to play along.

"I'm going to edge you now. That means I'm going to take you to the edge of an orgasm but then I'm going to back off."

"That sounds sinister."

"It is."

She started to touch me again in places that I've never been touched before. Her probing fingers found every sensitive area in my vagina. I heard squishing noises and then realized it was her fingers stirring my honey pot. She was a demon that was playing with my sex like a violin. I was about to hit a crescendo when her fingers were pulled out.

"Please no. More ..." I realized that edging was indeed sinister. My mind could focus only on one thing and that was the satisfaction of my overwhelming need.

"Taste yourself." The she-devil put her fingers in front of my face. I could smell my pungent mating scent on her fingers. I took her slickened fingers in my mouth, sucking them deep into my mouth until I triggered my gag reflex. A long string of saliva dripped off my chin. She leaned forward, using her tongue to catch the last bit of spittle on my chin and then raising up to kiss me deeply. As our tongues shared this carnal treat she returned her hand to my needy cunt.

"Fuck me. Fuck me please," said a quivering voice I recognized as my own.

She started to pump her fingers inside of me, each time probing deeper, pulling my secretions of lust across my clit and then returning to probe further. I was in uncharted waters. I was in heat, begging a woman I just met for my sexual gratification. No one had ever made me feel this way.

I put my hand on top of hers, imprisoning her hand inside me, as I wildly twisted underneath her to maximize the friction of her fingers. Her face suddenly reflected anger. She wrested my hand away and pulled out of me yet again.

"Your orgasms belong to me," she said with unmistakable authority.

"Then please give me one," I pleaded.

"Not until I want to. Do you understand?"

I nodded my head.

"I can't hear you."

"Yes, I understand," I said begrudgingly.

"Good, now undress me." She stood there and waited for me.

I walked over and stood behind her, lifted up her hair and unzipped her dress and lowered it to the ground. She lifted up each well-turned ankle to allow me to slip the dress off. It was a lovely dress but what was beneath made the dress pale in comparison. She had flawless skin, well-formed breasts, a narrow waist and slightly flared hips that continued downward to long shapely legs. I was mesmerized by her sexual aura.

"My bra and panties my pet."

She stood there confidently in front of me, unashamed of her impending nudity. I reached around in back of her to unhook her bra. While I was fumbling with the hooks she took the opportunity to kiss me again. She had her arms around me holding me close. The passion of the kiss distracted me from my task at hand. She finally let go of me and finished unhooking her bra. She shrugged her shoulders and let the bra fall to the floor. I took a half step back to admire this statuesque beauty.

"The panties my love."

I tugged her panties down and picked up both her bra and panties and set them on the bed. I couldn't help but notice the wet spot on her panties and the evidence of her desire on her labia. She kicked off her heels and sat on the bed. My unrequited need prompted another lustful look at her nude body.

"Show me how you'd like me to make love to you." Her eyes had that "come hither" look that drew me like a moth to a flame.

I was new to this, but knew what I liked. I pushed her on her back and started kneading and licking her firm breasts. She closed her eyes and tilted her head back. As I sucked on her nipples she started to moan, encouraging me on. I lowered my hand to her sopping wet cunt and pushed three fingers all the way into her.

"Ahhhh," the she-devil purred as I stroked her sex with my fingers and continued to lave her breasts with my tongue. My reservations about my sexual orientation had dissolved. I wanted this woman to respond to my lovemaking -- to please her.

I used my hand to attenuate her responses. As I went faster her moans increased in intensity and when I slowed her eyes found mine and begged for more. It was thrilling to make love to such a beautiful, seductive woman. She ascended to a peak; her body stiffened like a board, then started to convulse as an orgasm took hold of her body and flung her about as if she was demonically possessed.

"My pet! Ahhhhhhhh. Cumming ..." There seemed to be no end to her spasms as I continued to fuck her with my hand. Sweat started to drip down her forehead as she pushed my hand and face away, her body now apparently overstimulated and overly sensitive. I celebrated with the knowledge that I had made this lovely creature experience pleasure to the point of pain. Now what?

Josie remained silent for minutes, catching her breath and taking full stock in the moment. She looked at me lovingly. "It's your turn now my pet."

Now nude, my lover had me lay on my side on the bed as she positioned herself behind me. She moved my legs so my top leg was in front of my bottom leg, thus affording her access to my nether regions.

"Have you ever had your ass licked my pet?"

"No." I had a feeling that I was going to know soon.

She rested her head on my thigh. I could feel her hand lifting up my ass cheek, exposing my anus. Soft kisses on my cheeks followed. I couldn't stop my thighs from shaking. She probed lightly with her tongue, rimming my rosebud for the first time. I thrust my hips backward into her intimate kiss as I experienced a new and wonderful sensation.
