 Rachel's Story - Part 1

Hi, it's me, Rachel Jones. You already know a lot of my story - I was in "Ugly Duckling," (it was about me), and in Free Birds, parts 1 and 2, so there isn't a lot to tell you, with a couple of exceptions.

In case you forgot, Kira Sterling and I are students and roommates at Pacific Western Christian University, in Fresno, California. Oh, and lovers, too. Believe it or not, there's a problem with that, and I'll explain it later. Kira and I have made love nearly every night, since about two months into the semester, when she seduced me (though I was more than willing), and inflicted her cute little cheerleader body on me every chance she got. She was a bi sophomore, and I was a virginal, naive freshman. Well, virginal in that I had never fucked, or been fucked by, another girl. I had grown up masturbating constantly over the thought of other girls naked, so it's not like I had been resistant to the idea of this beautiful college girl teasing, licking and filling my every hole. And I mean, every hole. So, we fucked constantly.

Typically Kira, with her long blonde hair down around her shoulders, would start it by crawling into our shared bed with me, her warm, soft, oh so fragrant body slipping under the sheets, and whether I was asleep or not, she'd kiss me lovingly, her soft, full pink lips pressing insistently against mine, her need expressed in every touch. Her tongue would venture shyly into my mouth, sharing our fluids, a precursor to other fluids that we'd share later in our lovemaking, a thought that never failed to excite me, ironically making me produce even more liquid. Her pink little tongue would tease me, dancing with my own, the excitement expressed in my own tongue's responses echoed by the stiffening in my clitoris, which would begin swelling and peeking out from under its sheath above my pussy.

As Kira teased me further along, slowly building me to an eventual orgasm, our bodies would unite first at our lips, then we'd slowly join our bodies together, my soft hands touching her firm, smooth hands, our slim fingers interlacing as urgency overtook us. I could tell how excited Kira was by how hard she'd squeeze my fingers. When her grip absolutely hurt, I knew I was in for a full night of fucking, and I so looked forward to her hurting me, at least in that way! Her long polished fingernails digging into my skin I came to associate with the naughtiest orgasms she would give me. 

Soon, my erect brown nipples would be kissing her hard, pink ones, then my small breasts nestling against, then eagerly embraced by, her full breasts, the sensation of warm, loving feminine mammary flesh pressing against my own often bringing me to small, preliminary cums, a warm flush spreading through my breasts along with strong tingles emanating from my pussy and radiating through my body. 

As Kira would loom over my prone body, her full, feminine body just above mine, my body quivering softly under her command, her eyes intently locked on mine, her sweet, warm breath filling my being, she would adjust her position to suit herself, the fronts of her smooth thighs pressing against the fronts of my thighs, our smooth legs rubbing together, then, slowly her leg slipping in between mine, my legs submissively spreading wide.

Her wet pussy would kiss my thigh at the exact moment that her own thigh would press insistently against my own cunt, our hips and pussies fucking softly. The molten liquid of her slit would burn into my leg, making my own pussy even wetter, knowing that I was feeling Kira's excitement. I could always identify my female lover's smell then, her pussy musk, and body splash and sweet breath making an unforgettable olfactory trigger that eventually came to make me cum, simply in Pavlovian reaction to the combined smells, and the pleasures I came to expect when smelling them!

Eventually, all of our clothes would be off, stripped off in haste or at leisure, by our own hand or by the other, a hot and bothered lover, even to the extent that we'd occasionally rip each other's nighties, bra or panties in removing them, and laugh about it, and then we'd tease each other - warm, wet mouth sucking each other's fragrant, hard nipples, or conversely, teasing one another's lips with our nipples, and with our slim fingertips, sometimes sucking on fingertips like large clits, stroking each other's hard pink clits, pinching those hard little pearls of pleasure, fingers slippery with each other's cum, dipping fingers deep inside into each other's moist pussy, bringing those liquid-tipped fingers to each other's mouth and to our own, and when we were really hot, fucking each other's ass hole with a tongue and fingers.

Kira has a beautiful, dynamite body, but I think it's her ass that turns me on the most, or maybe just the thought that I'm licking another girl's poop chute (to be coarse about it). I never realized that I could spend literally hours licking her pink, puckered hole and make both she and I cum from the experience. Kira introduced me to the pleasures of finger fucking a girl's ass to orgasm, followed by licking that same orifice to multiple subsequent cums. 

And caressing her round, warm bottom, tickling and teasing those beautiful, welcoming pillows both through her panties, and after I've stripped them off her makes us both experience very strong shudders of ecstasy. Kira keeps her bottom scrupulously clean for me, as I do for her, so that our noses fill with each other's feminine musk, and just a hint of a darker smell. Kira also showed me how to fuck a girl's ass with a small dildo, and I had to pretend again and again that I didn't cum, even though I came countless times, simply so that she wouldn't stop fucking my ass with that delightful black-colored toy. Kira taught me so much about woman-woman love, that I feel like I've betrayed her. But, there were ... problems between us.

"Kira, do you love me?" I asked her one night, lying on my back, my knees up and spread, while Kira lay between my thighs, licking my pussy.

"Umm?" she asked, raising her head. "Of course, I love you SO much, baby," she said. "Why?"

"Oh, good," I said. Kira lowered her head, and presently I felt her tongue lapping delightfully at my wet slit, and around, and on, my clit. After a little while I said, "Do you like boys better than me?"

Kira looked up again. "Rachel, why the third degree? Is there something bothering you?"

"No, nothing," I said. "I was just wondering if being fucked by a guy is better than being loved by another woman." Kira looked at me with a funny expression.

"Rachel, I think that your mother built a lot of doubt into you, by treating you so horribly. Please don't let it affect your relationship today, please, baby? And to answer your question, guys suck at fucking, okay? I have all the happiness I could ever want with you, believe me. You're the best lover I've ever had." I still wasn't satisfied, but I decided to keep my doubts to myself. I had this nagging feeling that Kira would one day go back to guys, and leave me all alone. I guess that was one of the first indications that this would end up with us both in a very complicated situation.

One thing about Kira that at first turned me on, but which also terrified me, and which she didn't show me until recently, was her exhibitionism. At first I thought that the occasions in which she would flash other girls with her hot, young body were completely innocent, but later I began to have doubts. Or maybe I should have known that she might like to show off, with her being a cheerleader....in any case, it became one more thing that piled onto my doubts about Kira and me.

One time, Kira and I decided to go to the Diversity Fair, on campus. It was set up at the 'farm' part of campus, at a combined mini-fairgrounds and pasture. It was just basically a carnival with rides and games, but some of the money went to various campus groups that promote diversity. While we were getting dressed to go, Kira had put on a short black leather skirt, and a white cotton top. "Gosh, I didn't know you HAD a skirt like that," I said. "That's really kind of ... hot!" I was just wearing khaki cargo shorts, and a yellow velour tee, and feeling sort of underdressed.

"Come here, I'll show you something," Kira said, with a 'come hither' look in her eye. I walked over and put my right hand on her shoulder, as she faced me.

"Yes, dear?" I asked, jokingly. Her blue eyes locked onto mine, she said, "Check this out," and took my other hand, her eyes still locked onto mine, and brought it under her skirt to the damp crevice between her legs. She wasn't wearing any panties, and my finger quickly slipped inside her wet slit, in and out lightly.

"I thought it would be fun to go 'sans panties,' just to see what it would be like," she said. "So far, it's pretty hot, don't you think?" She took my hand in hers again, and brought it up to her face, her warm, wet lips slipping over my forefinger, sucking her cum off my finger as though she were sucking a dick. That certainly got ME hot, and wet!

"Yeah," I said, "it sure is! But I'M not going to do that, I don't have the courage." 

"Well, it's just for a goof," Kira assured me. It was twilight, just the early part of the evening, when we walked out of the dorm, down the hill and past the leafless trees to the big, open grassy field that served as the carnival area, with its few permanent cinder block restroom buildings, . The colorful lights were flashing on the rides, the typical carnival music blaring, the smell of popcorn and cotton candy was so strong it was almost sickening, and I flashed back to a time when my mother had taken me to the carnival in our town in Indiana when I was a small girl, maybe six years old. I had gotten lost there, and wandered around for what seemed like hours, before a police woman had found me, taken me back to the carnival office, and they'd located my mother.

I'd always thought that it was my fault, being a typical little girl, I had probably wandered off, attracted by the lights and noise, and no doubt my mother was searching frantically for me. It was only in the light of my adult awareness that I remembered the police woman remarking to a co-worker, "It was the funniest thing. She wasn't at all concerned, and when we told her we had her daughter, she seemed almost ... disappointed." As those memories flashed through my mind, another nail in the coffin of my already overpowering dislike of my mother, I squeezed Kira's hand hard, causing her to yelp.

"Ouch, are you okay?" Kira asked. She looked at me uncertainly.

"Yeah, it's okay now," I said, smiling as my beautiful present drowned out my ugly past. Kira spotted the most prominent ride, and asked me if I wanted to go on the Ferris Wheel, and I said sure. We stepped up into the gondola, and when we sat down, Kira whispered in my ear, "Wow, it feels REALLY cool without panties," and innocently waggled her legs open and closed a couple of times. 

There was a blonde teenage girl wearing a short denim skirt and an orchid halter, and she and her boyfriend were standing in front of the Ferris Wheel looking right at us when Kira spread her legs wide. The girl could see right between Kira's legs, and she smiled when Kira flashed her with a nice view of her pink little pussy, but the boy just looked dopey. I shook my head, figuring Kira's little stunt was eventually going to get her in trouble. 

Kira must have been really horny that night, because as we were getting on another ride, one of those teacup rides that spin around and try to make you sick, and just as I sat down, Kira shoved her hand down the back of my shorts, and for the whole ride, her hand was on my bare ass, her finger diddling my ass hole! The centrifugal force drove my ass onto her finger, and I enjoyed the feeling, but her boldness with all those people around made me nervous. I really blushed when the ride was over and I got up - Kira pulled her finger out of my ass, and sucked on it, in front of everybody, though fortunately nobody else knew where it had been!

About a half hour later, after a Mega Soda each, we both had to pee, so we headed over to one of the fairgrounds' restrooms. They were white-painted cinder block, and looked like they'd been built 30 years ago, but at least they were clean, and they smelled clean, or at least didn't smell like old pee. The dopey looking teenage boy from the Ferris Wheel flashing was standing around smoking a cigarette outside the girls' room, I guessed he was waiting for his cute girlfriend. We went in, which was shocking in itself, usually there's a long line, lol.

When we got inside, our eyes squinting in the damp darkness, standing at one of the hand sinks drying her hands, was the cute blonde girl, and she looked even cuter up close. She had to have had C cups, sitting up perkily. I had to admit they were tasty looking, and her ass looked great, full and round under her denim skirt, her tanned thighs bare. She boldly went up to Kira as she headed for a stall, and said, "Hi!"smiling at both Kira and me.

Just like that, she was coming on to Kira, in front of me, with her boyfriend outside the door, and in a public restroom. I was even more surprised when the girl curled her hand under Kira's skirt, about halfway up her thigh, then walked her fingers up the inside of Kira's thigh, getting closer and closer to Kira's wet honeypot. Kira turned and looked seriously at her full on, I thought she might smack her - instead, Kira spread her legs a little wider, and then smiled at her.

Kira said, "C'mon," and gestured to me, and the two of them went into the handicapped stall. I was frozen, torn between jealousy and lust, then I followed the two lissome girls inside. Kira sat down on the toilet seat, and dropped her leather skirt onto her feet, careful to keep it off the floor, and began peeing into the toilet, a long, loud, salty-smelling stream, then gestured to the girl to approach her. Kira looked up at me and said, "It's okay, babe." I didn't really know what to think, I was torn between the prospect of raw sex, and the affection I had for Kira. 

The attraction of raw sex moved into the lead when the blonde, her back to me and standing no more than six inches in front of Kira, hiked up her short skirt, and pulled down her panties. Her light blue satin panties slipped midway down her thighs. Her smooth, round ass, creamy white and delicious looking, was bare before my eyes, and her pussy just inches away from Kira's face. I could smell the girl's hot, wet musk - she must have been creaming in her panties for some time. Perhaps since Kira had flashed her with a memorable view of her own bare snatch.

The girl's ass was really cute, and if I were bolder I might have bent down and licked it, but instead Kira put her hands on waistband of the girl's panties, turning them so that the white inner cotton crotch panel was exposed to Kira's eyes, and then her tongue, as she licked at the sweet female cream the girl had left there. The girl moaned, and ran the fingers of one hand through Kira's luxurious blonde hair. Her other hand was caressing one of her own full, round breasts through the flimsy synthetic fabric of the halter top. Her nipples were poking through, it was clear that they were mouth-wateringly long. And those boobs must have been firm to sit up so high, since she obviously wasn't wearing a bra. 

Kira then grasped the girl's hips, and pulled her pussy, with its small, trimmed blonde bush, toward her face. It was apparent that she was licking the girl's pussy - I might be naive, but I'm not stupid. The girl's ass was shaking with ecstasy, and I thought to myself, 'it must be jam, 'cause jelly don't shake like that.' She looked as though she came, a couple of times, her hips banging on Kira's face, then the girl smiled, stepped back and turned to me, saying, "It's your turn, honey," in a sweet young girl voice.

Kira's face was shiny and wet with the girl's cum, and I could smell the girl's pussy on her face. As though in a trance, I unzipped my shorts, and pulled them, along with my panties, down my legs, and Kira began to service me, too. Kira's tongue is always heavenly, and I gave myself over to the sensations, and soon I too was cumming on Kira's wet face, the girl's cum juice mingling with mine in Kira's lovely mouth. Her tongue snaked in and out of my hole, and I humped myself on her face. I got off on the thought of this anonymous girl and I both creaming our muffs on Kira's hungry tongue and mouth, our lubrication mixing together inside of Kira.

I could feel the cute blonde's hand on my bare ass, apparently she wasn't as shy as I am, her finger creeping between my butt cheeks, and finding my moist brown puckered hole. I rotated my ass around, and she slipped her finger inside me, fucking my ass while Kira licked my cunt. I came countless times, then begged them to stop. Finally, we heard a voice whine from outside the building, "Honey, are you EVER coming out?" and we all laughed, then the girl got a rueful look and said, "Geez, I've gotta go! My dumb ass boyfriend may finally realize I'm not with him."

Kira blurted out, "Madison Hall, 5th floor, Kira and Rachel," and the girl looked at us thoughtfully, and said, "Thanks. I'm Beverly, Edison Hall, 1st floor. Maybe we can get together again." She looked at me as she said this, not looking at Kira at all, which confused me, but secretly thrilled me too.

Beverly left, opening the painted wooden stall door, giving Kira and I a view of a florid-faced fat woman turning to enter the stall, who then stopped in shock when she spotted us. I slammed the door closed, re-latched it and I turned to Kira, still seated on the toilet, her skirt still at her feet. I couldn't help but notice her sweet pink slit, as she had her legs spread wide for me. Kira was grinning, but I was mad, even with the delicious view.

"Dammit, Kira, I can't believe you did that! Fucking some stranger, and in front of me!" I felt angry inside, although somewhat hot and bothered. I heard the shrill voice of the fat woman outside the stall yelling "Shit! Shit! Shit! I'm gonna pee my damn pants!" followed by heavy footsteps retreating from our end of the room.

"That fat babe can go piss in the sink. Come here, sweety," Kira said, taking my hands. "You know I love you, and only you. It's just fucking with these other girls, it's love with you." 

Well, I can't stay angry for long with Kira, and so I kissed her, and said, "Okay, but I need some warning if that ever happens again. And I have to pee too." I longed for what happened among the three of us to happen again, as the cum was so intense and pleasurable, but I dreaded it, because it was too dangerous for a girl on scholarship, as well as possibly destructive of our relationship, which even now was evolving and changing. I could end up out of school, and alone, and I feared that more than anything.

"Sure, hon," Kira said, then wiped herself, pulled up her skirt and got up to allow me to sit. I did, sitting on the now-warm seat, and letting loose a long stream of pee. While I was peeing, Kira stood in front of me, now lifting her skirt and showing me her beautiful little pussy. Her finger was circling her little button, and slipping in and out her slit, just up to her first knuckle. "Oh baby, please please me, okay?" she said, sweetly. Too sweetly for me to ignore, especially considering how pretty her hot, wet little muff looked to my enthralled eyes, and how nice it smelled.

I knew what she wanted, and I wanted it too, so I put my hands under her skirt, on her hips, then moved them back to grasp her round bottom, each hand full of beautiful, hot, girl ass. I pulled her cunt to my mouth, and licked up and down her wet slit, and her hard, pink little clit, smelling her sexy musk along with the leather of the skirt, and the salty taste of her pee, loving every bit of it. I nibbled at her lips along both sides of her opening, and with my hands on her full, round ass, fingered around her puckered pink hole, knowing how much Kira loved to have her ass played with.
