 Hi, it's me again, Rachel. I'm trying to finish up my part of 'Free Birds,' where I explain some decisions I make, and so that you can understand me better. In Part 1 of my story, I explained that I have a real fear of being abandoned, and where that fear came from. In this part, you'll learn a little bit more about me, and how it affects my relationship with Kira.

In case you forgot, Kira Sterling and I are students and roommates at Pacific Western Christian University, in Fresno, California. Oh, and lovers, too. Our sexual relationship has been extremely active, as you know if you read 'Ugly Duckling,' and some of the previous chapters of 'Free Birds.' But, unfortunately, there have been some emotional loose ends which we neglected, and which will cost us dearly!

Now, Kira has told me that, although she loves me dearly, sometimes I'm just really gullible, especially when it comes to understanding other people and their motives. She says that, since I didn't have all that much experience with other girls (try none), I sometimes have trouble figuring out what other people are, up to or even what they're really trying to do. I should have listened to her, but I always had this little, niggling fear inside me that maybe Kira was lying to me about that naivete (I think of it as 'trusting people') for some unknown reason. It's emotionally sick, I know, but my mother really screwed me up, and it only really showed itself when the emotional heat was raised, as can happen in lesbian relationships. Duh.

In the last chapter, I ran into this girl 'Kim' from my dorm, when I was coming out of a toilet stall with Kira's cum all over my face. Kim was the same girl that had caught Kira and I kissing in the dorm elevator a few months before. So, even if Kim only had a tiny bit of sense, it seemed likely that she might put two and two together, and get four.

It only took Kim two days to do THAT math. I was sitting at my desk in the dorm room, on my hard wooden study chair, looking at an Avril Lavigne poster on the wall, and wishing that Kira would get back from her Philosophy class and fuck me, when I heard a knock at the door. I padded over to the door, wearing only a tee shirt and bra, and panties (giraffe panties, Kira's of course - we'd switched panties after fucking that morning, and I loved the thought of her soiled panties against my pussy and ass, as did she with mine.) It was Kim, the redhead. She stood in the doorway for a pause, then said, "Hi, Rachel. It's me, Kim. Can I come in?"

I said, "Sure," wondering what was up. She was wearing tight, faded jeans and a loose sweatshirt. In other words, she was dressed like the 50% of the female student population that weren't dressed like me. Kim was about my size, with a nice shape, though probably a little overweight - at least by the way boys judge girls. I thought she looked just right. She had C cups, and her butt was generous, her waist a little thick, but as I said, pretty nice. She had dark red hair, tending more to auburn, her hair was long and curly, loose curls, not too tight. A creamy complexion, but with a lot of freckles across her upper cheeks and nose. She actually had rosy red cheeks, like you see in little kids in England and Ireland. Nice, sea green eyes, full lips, but it looked like she bit them a lot.

"Umm, I wanted to ask for your help with something," she said vaguely. "Can I sit here?" she asked, pointing at the rumpled bed. I prayed there weren't any wet spots in plain sight from Kira and I fucking earlier, or that, God forbid, Kim put her hand in one. The thought made me giggle to myself. 

"What's funny?" she asked, looking at me.

"Nothing,"I responded suavely.

"Um, sure, go ahead and sit on the bed," I continued. There really wasn't any other choice unless she wanted to walk around Kira's bed and pull out her study chair. 

"Thanks," she said. "I guess you're wondering why I'm here." She looked up at me as her hand unconsciously swept the rumpled sheet back and she set herself down on the edge. Her eyes were very attractive, I noticed. I wondered if she was going with anybody.

"Uh, yeah, okay," I said. "Why are you here?"

Kim's rosy cheeks got even rosier, as did the rest of her face, from the neck up to the roots of her hair. I vaguely wondered if her head was going to explode. "I kind of think that, uh, you and Kira are kind of affectionate with each other. Are you two, um, lesbians?" she said, kind of saying, kind of asking.

I didn't say anything, but I felt a chill, and not because I only had panties on below. I just looked at her, waiting for her to go on.

"And, uh, um, I was uh....." she began.

"Let me begin again," she said. I still didn't say anything. I wasn't going to make this easy for her.

"I was using my mom's computer back home, a couple of months ago," she began (again.) I had no idea where this was going. 

"My mom is divorced. I haven't seen my Dad in years. Anyway, while I was looking at a home crafts site on the Internet, I was waiting for a page to download, and I idly clicked on her 'Bookmarks' link. She had a file folder there named 'Stuff.' I clicked on it, and there were a bunch of site names there, like 'Sensual Arousal,' 'Marie's Place,' 'Nifty - Lesbian,' 'Literotica - Lesbian,' and all like that. I accidentally clicked on one, and I was shocked when a site came up, that featured two and even more girls, naked, and getting naked and kissing and doing even worse things. And the stories ...." She looked distressed.

"And you're here....why?" I said.

"Because, I don't quite understand the women on women thing, and obviously my mother is into it. And because you and Kira are the closest thing that I know of to lesbians. I mean, I don't really know what you all do, but I kind of guessed. I think you all were kissing in the elevator, and I sure don't know WHAT was happening in the bathroom a couple of days ago, but y'all sure did look content when you came out. But anyway, I'm not here to talk about you two, but to see if you could tell me anything about my mom....and me."

"You?" I asked.

"Yeah. I think I, kind of, had immoral thoughts when I looked at those sites on my mom's computer," she said.

"I thought you said that was accidental?" I said.

"Yeah, the first one, or two sure were, but I don't think the next fifteen were," she said, frowning.

"The next FIFTEEN?" I said, incredulously. "That's more lesbian web sites than I'VE ever seen," I said. I had to laugh - FIFTEEN! This girl had some issues. Maybe I COULD help her, if she ever got around to telling me what she wanted.

"I know," she said, blushing furiously. "But they were .....educational ... and interesting," she finished.

"Well, not that it's any of my business," I said, "but you mentioned that you had 'immoral thoughts?' What did you mean by that?"

"I've always been taught in Sunday School, that if something makes you feel REALLY good, it's immoral," she said.

"That seems like a pretty challenging code of conduct," I said. "So, did looking at those sites make you feel good?"

"I felt like a hot flush all over me, coming out of my, you know, down there," she said, blushing. Of course, her eyes were focused on the general area between her thighs, navel and ass, lol.

"Do you mean your pussy?" I said.

"Um, yeah," she said, her face now as bright a red as when she'd first mentioned the word 'lesbian.' And it still looked as though it would explode.

"Well, I guess it's just me, but is it your fault you had that reaction? You can't control whether your skin blushes or not, or you get hot, you know, feel like tingles there, right?" I asked, I thought, logically.

"No, but I um, did more than that," she responded, her eyes not meeting mine now.

"Can you tell me what?" I asked.

"Oh, I couldn't," she said. 

"Well, I can't help you if you won't tell me," I said. She thought that over for a little while, biting her attractive lower lip.

"Okay," she said slowly. "But PLEASE don't tell anybody, I'd die of embarrassment!"

"I don't have any secrets from Kira," I said.

"Okay, but just her, okay?" she said.

"Alright, so what is it?" I asked, getting a little impatient now.

"I touched myself, there," she said. I was anxious to get this conversation moving, as I had a class coming up in five hours, and I didn't want to miss it.

"You mean you played with yourself."

"Um, yes."

"And you enjoyed it."

"Um, yes."

"And you came, or had an orgasm, or had 'an experience unlike any other,'" I said.

"Well, actually, no. And that's the problem. I know there must be more, I just don't know how to get there, or how to recognize it when I do," she said, a look of frustration on her face.

"And so you want....." I began.

"Someone to teach me," she finished. I thought about her implied request. I had a relationship with Kira, it's true, but Kira had seemed to compartmentalize parts of her love life from others. If it were good for her, wouldn't it be true for me, too? Besides, this wasn't part of MY love life, it was just helping Kim to understand herself better. I decided in favor of passing on the little I knew, to Kim, in the hope that someday she would help another girl. So, I made my decision.

"Okay, when do you want to start?" I said.

"Um, right now, if possible," she replied, smiling nervously now.

"Well, okay," I said. "I'm going to teach you to bring yourself to an orgasm, or at least try, okay?" She nodded enthusiastically.

"Umm, first, you want to be comfortable, and reasonably sure you won't be interrupted. And leave yourself plenty of time - it often takes a good amount of time to become aroused, and reach orgasm. We're not like guys, who always seem ready to do it." She frowned, as though recalling a past experience.

"Yeah, I know what you mean," she said. "But, go on."

"Okay, I said, "now let's get comfortable. If you've got it available, a bed is perfect. Here, let's try it on my bed." She scrambled over, and lay in the middle of my bed, on the still rumpled sheets. She rested on her side, then picked up her hand, looking at it curiously. Ha, she'd won the prize for "Be The First To Find A Wet Spot!"

"Move over," I said, "so I can lay next to you and show you better." She scrunched over, and I lay next to her. We started out, laying on our backs, each of us with a pillow under our head.

"Now, this works for me. I first caress my breasts through my shirt." I began gently touching my breasts through my tee shirt, lightly, under and on the sides, gently cupping them, one at a time, just barely touching them. "You try it." She began cupping her breasts as I was doing. It must have looked funny, two girls lying next to each other, feeling their own boobs.

"After I do that for as long as feels right, then I usually strip my top, whether by unbuttoning, or pulling up my shirt, or whatever. The important thing is to increase my level of exposure, just as if a lover were stripping me. It's the thought that I'm getting more naked for a lover to see, that makes it exciting."

Kim looked sad. "I'm having trouble imagining a lover, I've never had one. Could you pretend to be my lover? Just for me to pretend, I mean." she said, smiling shyly.

"Hmm, okay," I said, so I sat up next to her, fixing her eyes with mine, and then watching her breasts as she tentatively began to unbutton her blouse. I tried to look intent, which wasn't hard, because she had a very attractive body, and clear, milky skin. She looked down to each button, then hesitated, then looked up at me, to see me looking carefully at her body. This seemed to embolden her, as her breathing rate increased, and her face took on a light blush again, which I found cute. "Maybe if you talked to me, too?" Kim suggested. "I don't know, it seems like, maybe..."

"Mmm, okay," I said. I thought a little bit, then began. "I can't wait to see your beautiful, full breasts, baby. And I SO want to lick your sweet nipples, take them between my lips, and roll your hot pebbled flesh in my mouth, taste your tender, female flesh." I just thought of what I'd want to say to Kira if she were stripping off her blouse for me, and it seemed right. But I kind of realized that coming up with that sort of smutty dialogue is really tough. I can see how it could just end up sounding silly. Scratch "Porn Author" from my list of Life Goals.

"Oh my," Kim said, her breath rate more rapid now. Her rosy color increased, and she began squirming slightly. "I feel something, it's nice," she said. "Is that an orgasm?"

"No, that's at least a little ways off, I think, but you're going in the right direction." I was starting to get horny myself. "Now, caress your breasts with your blouse out of the way, around your bra." 

She began touching herself around her cups with her fingertips, using a pretty good technique, I thought. I could see her nipples pressing through the soft fabric of the white bra. She had pretty full breasts, maybe 36C or so, and I grew curious what they'd look like, if we got that far.

"Here, can I show you?" I said, and she nodded. I put one hand on the outer swell of her left breast, dragging my fingertip down the side and underside of her breast, through the bra, on the more rigid outer edge of the bra. She closed her eyes as I stroked her there, then gradually moved closer to her nipples, my fingertip movements moving gradually closer and closer to the center of her breast to, obviously, her nipple. Her breasts were warm, and soft, and I felt a nice feminine connection to her.

She sighed, so I figured my stroking was ramping her up. "Okay, so you try it," I said. "Try it on me." I lifted up my tee shirt, then decided to just pull it off. I brought her hand to my bra covered breast, and directed her fingers around, as I had done to her. Her touch felt nice, and my own breathing rate increased. "Yeah, that's it, that feels great," I said. "Now I'll do you, while you do me." We were both caressing each other's full breasts, and apparently both enjoying it.

"Could you do that talking thing?" she asked.

"Yes, but on one condition. That you tell me what you're feeling, and what you need, okay?" She nodded. 

"Ohh yeah, honey, baby, you're so sweet to me, touching me where I need you SO badly," I began. "Please touch my hot breasts, they love your soft touch. Oh, my nipples are so hard, thinking of your soft lips gently kissing the swell of my breasts, then taking my nipples into your warm, wet mouth. Yeah, that's nice!" Kim was breathing rapidly.

"I think your talking is very good, it's helping me to get excited," she said. It was getting me hot, too.

"Um, maybe we can move on," I said.

"Okay," Kim said with a smile. 

"Now, take off your bra," I said. "That way you can touch yourself a little better."

"Oh, it's hard for me to reach, would you help?" 

"Um, sure," I said. She turned for me, and I unhooked her bra, as she pulled it off over her shoulders, then turned back to me. Her breasts looked so beautiful, milky white, with bright pink long nipples and small areolae. Her nipples looked really hard and stiff.

I took my bra off, and my nipples were hard too. "You've got such lovely breasts," Kim said, hardly able to take her eyes off them. "Um thanks," I said, pleased at the compliment.

"So, you touch all around your breasts just like before, except directly now, and just go with what feels good. For me, I like to lightly run my fingertips up and down the sides of my breasts, kind of tickling them, then run them over my nipples. Then I lightly pinch my nipples between my thumb and forefinger, until I can feel it kind of going right to my pussy. You try it."

Kim stroked and caressed herself, and appeared to be enjoying herself, squirming a little, but to my surprise she said, "No, I'm not really getting anything. Can you do it to me, and show me what you mean?" 

I sighed. This girl was SO slow, I swear! "Okay," I sighed. 

I guess I was being dramatic, because I really didn't mind touching her. Her breasts really were quite nice, warm, soft and so beautifully shaped. I caressed her breasts, enjoying her warmth and smooth skin, then worked my fingers to her nipples and areolae. She sucked in her breath as I lightly pinched and teased her there. "Oh yes, I see the difference now," she said. I stroked her a few minutes longer, then Kim said, "I think I understand now. Let me practice on you to see if I have it right, okay?"

My pussy tingled, I could feel myself getting wet, and I said, "Okay.' Kim began caressing my breasts, and I'm pleased to say that I must have been an excellent teacher, because her fingers on my breasts and nipples were making me VERY hot. She stroked her fingers so sweetly around my breasts, then kind of pinched them, but not hard, and stroked her fingers up across my nipples. God, they felt like they were leaking, and I don't even lactate, but the feeling was really good. Even Kira had never touched me there like that, and Kira's the hottest woman I knew.

I started touching hers, and there we were. Caressing each other's tits. It felt so nice, and I came a couple of times. Kim gasped, and closed her eyes. I asked her if she came.

Kim said, after she caught her breath, "Um, I'm not sure, but I don't think so. I mean, it felt nice, but um, that was about it, I guess." I could see that Kim was going to be a tough nut, but I had promised I'd help teach her how to cum, so I guessed we'd move on.

"Well, Kim, I guess your breasts aren't as sensitive as mine, so maybe we should try something else."

"Okay," she said, "like what?"

"Well, kissing turns a lot of girls on. I like it, a lot."

"Okay," she said, agreeably. "But could I get comfortable, like you?"

"What do you mean?" I asked.

"Oh, I just want to take off my jeans, so I'm in my panties, like you."

"Oh, okay," I said. It seemed like an unusual request, but Kim had been innocently following my suggestions, so I didn't really think she meant anything by wanting to strip down. I watched as she stood up next to the bed, and turned her back to me. I could tell by where she put her hands that she was unbuttoning the snap at the top of her jeans, then unzipping. After that, she peeled back her jeans down off her hips, but because they were so tight, she had to wiggle her hips quite a bit, her ass waving in my face as she pulled them down on each side, alternating pulls at each hip. 

Kim was wearing a beautiful cotton string bikini in a turquoise color, like the kind sold at The Gap, which I thought was pretty sexy, especially for somebody at a conservative religious school. Inadvertently, as she pulled down on her jeans, her panties came halfway off her bottom, too, and I loved that view. Kim had a nice full, round bottom, generously sized and very white. I even thought that I could see some dark pink coloring between her butt cheeks when her panties were partially pulled down, but just after she realized that her bottom was exposed, she pulled them back up, so that I could then only see a little of her butt crack over the top of the low rise bikini panties. I enjoyed the view, and wondered if she knew she'd accidentally given me a visual treat. Then she lay back down on the bed, clad only in her cute turquoise panties, her nipples now erect tipping her snow white breasts, full and round.

We lay facing each other on the bed, our heads each on a pillow about a foot apart, our nipples about three inches apart, and our panty-encased hips about a foot apart. "I bet it would help me if you talked some, you know, dirty," Kim suggested. I was starting to wonder about this dirty talker stuff, but I did want to help her, so I agreed.

"Oh Kim, your sweet pink lips look luscious. I'm going to lick your sweet full lips with my little pink tongue." I brought my mouth to hers, and I could actually feel her lips trembling as I brought mine to hers. I felt like we joined together in some deeper way as we kissed, and we both pressed harder against each other. I could feel Kim moaning into my mouth as we shared one breath. I slowly slid my tongue forward and felt Kim's warm, wet tongue hesitant and shy, seemingly startled to feel my tongue, then warmly come forward and rub against mine, the two intertwining. I heard more moaning, and realized it was me, moaning into Kim's mouth!
