 My best friend Julie and I had finally talked our husbands into a vacation in Florida. In the middle of the coldest part of the year, we packed our bags and headed to the beach. When we got to the hotel, we found that they had overbooked and didn't have the two rooms we had reserved. Julie's husband threw a fit, and the hotel offered us a two bedroom suite instead. We happily took them up on the offer. The four of us spent the first two days laying on the beach and eating lots of excellent food. It felt so good to unwind and just let our days unfold, without any outside pressure. The morning of the third day, our husbands decided to go play golf and left us to fend for ourselves.

Julie and I passed the morning by lying around on the couch and reading to each other out of a Hustler that we had found at the bottom of my husband's suitcase. We laughed a lot and discovered that the raw language of the magazine was simultaneously offensive and very hot. We had a great time and spoke very openly about our sex lives. I ended up confessing that in college I had been very attracted to women, and had even had a lot of fun playing around with my friends from time to time. 

I was nervous about revealing this to her, because you never how people are going to take the news. But she surprised me by saying that she had also been very attracted to women, but had never acted on it. She asked me a few timid questions about my experiences, and the conversation just kind of faded away. 

We were both sitting quietly looking through the huge picture window, watching the low waves on the beach when Julie jumped up all of a sudden. "Look," she said, "An open air market, let's go get some fresh fruit." We quickly stepped into our sandals and headed out the door.

The heat of Florida hit us as we left the hotel and I could suddenly understand why everyone walks around here mostly naked. Eighty percent of the women we passed on the street were walking around in their very tiny bikinis. This is something that would make me a little horny on any day, but after my morning of reading and talking to Julie, it didn't take very long at all before I was undressing pretty much everybody with my eyes. 

When we got to the market we found lots of fresh fruit from the local trees, oranges and grapefruits, as well as some melons and grapes. I'm sure Julie heard my stifled moan when a bikini clad woman dropped her change on the ground in front of me, then bent over to pick it up. Julie giggled and said we should get back to our room. We walked the six blocks back in relative quiet.

Once we got upstairs and into the suite, I told Julie I needed to take a shower before dinner and headed straight for the bathroom. I started the water at a nice cool temperature and stepped into the stream. The shower was one of those huge ones, with a bench and six or seven shower heads to give you an all over massage while you are getting clean. I had always thought of those as a little pretentious, but it really felt great. 

As I was washing the sweat and grime off of my body, I realized that if I lifted my right foot and rested it on the shower bench, one of the shower heads would spray right on my already dripping mound. I tried it, and it felt great. Better than great, it was amazing. It didn't take long before I was picturing the bikini clad dropping her change in front of me and imagining what I would like to do to her if we were alone. I kept my moans pretty quiet and rocked my sex in and out of the spray of water. My hands traveled up to my nipples and I pulled and pinched and teased them as I worked myself to a glorious solo orgasm. 

When I was finished with that part of my shower, I sat down on the bench to catch my breath and noticed that the door to the bathroom was open a crack. Julie was standing just outside watching me. I looked up at her and she smiled wanly and then vanished. I couldn't decide if I was proud or embarrassed by the show I had just done for Julie. I finished my shower, pulled the fluffy hotel robe on, and went back to my room to get dressed.

When I came out of the bedroom, Julie was in the shower. I was so tempted to peek at her, to see if she was following my lead. I wanted to see her standing under the water, watch the water running down her chest, her nipples erect and pointing at me. But I held myself back. Julie and I had been friends for years, and I didn't want to do anything to make her uncomfortable around me. Too many times, my female friends would vanish when they found out about my sexual history. 

Now, this restraint I was showing amazed even me, because I had been attracted to Julie the entire time I'd known her, but had kept that all to myself. She was a few inches taller than me, and quite thin with very perky breasts that couldn't have been much more than a handful (or a good-size mouthful). She had fair skin and straight, shiny auburn hair that was cut into short bob with a slight wedge in the back. But the topper was her crystal green eyes. 

As I pictured her in the shower, it was all I could do to keep myself from walking in. To kill the time, I called my husband on his cell phone to ask when they'd be home. He told me that they had decided to have dinner and drinks out, and asked if Julie and I could find something to do to entertain ourselves. I could barely contain my giggles as I told him that I was sure we would be able to come up with something. 

As I was hanging up, Julie came strolling out of the shower completely naked and looked at me inquisitively. "Did you enjoy your shower?" I asked. 

She nodded, and then said, "Turn about is fair play, did you peak at me like I peaked at you?" 

I shook my head no and she half smiled and went into her bedroom to get dressed. I was reeling from the sight of her beautiful naked body. I stood there for a long time and wondered what I should do next. My pussy grew hotter and wetter and I considered taking another shower, but decided against it. All I could think about was the way her fair pink nipples had looked pointing out from her freckled chest. I was yearning for her touch more than I had yearned for anything in years. I sat down on the couch and tried to think about something else.

Julie came out of her bedroom wearing a little pink silk robe, so light in color that it almost exactly matched the glimpse of her nipples I had gotten a few minutes ago. She sat down next to me on the couch and said, "I'm sorry. I don't know what I'm doing right now. I have thought you were pretty for so long, and then when I found out about the girls you used to sleep with, my mind went crazy. But, I have no reason to believe that you would be interested in me, and I apologize for watching you in the shower." 

She paused for a minute, waiting for me to answer, but I couldn't come up with the words to express what I was feeling. 

I was elated, and flattered, and suddenly hornier than I could ever remember being. When I didn't answer, Julie cleared her throat and asked when the guys were due back. I laughed and told her that they were going out and giving us the evening to ourselves. And then I told her that we needed to talk. 

I poured it all out for her, how much I liked her, how attracted to her I was, and how I was afraid that if we acted on it, it could blow our friendship. After a lot of discussion, we agreed to let the evening proceed as it would, and if anything sexual happened, we could decide what to do about it tomorrow. 

I asked if she wanted to go out to eat, and she said she'd rather order room service and watch an old movie on TV. We placed our order and sat back on the couch to wait for our food. I was so nervous, and every time I looked at her in that robe, the aching inside my sex redoubled on itself. I could only assume that the color and the texture of the robe were an exact replica of Julie's own inner pink. Slowly, Julie started inching her way over to my side of the couch. 

Every time she moved closer, I grew hotter, and a little more nervous. I hadn't been with a woman in years, would I still know what to do? Would I be any good? Pretty soon, Julie was right next to me and she put her hand on my knee. I turned to her and started to say "Are you sure" but she interrupted my question with a gentle kiss on the mouth. I smiled and kissed her back, with a little more pressure. I could feel the electricity run through us and I kissed her for a long time. It was like kissing as a teenager, when you know kissing is as far as it's going to go and so you put your whole soul into it. I kissed her whole mouth, then I kissed her top lip and then her bottom lip, and then I touched her tongue with just the tip of mine and she was already moaning. 

As we were drawing back from this kiss, the doorbell rang with a call of "room service". Julie pulled her robe back in place as I went to answer the door. I wheeled the cart into the room and tipped the man. 

The food smelled so good, we opened our plates and each had a few bites of our dinner. But then Julie dropped her napkin and bent to pick it up. I could clearly see her breasts as she moved and the robe fell open. The roundness of them and sea shell pink of the nipples were all I could take. 

I caught her hand as she came back up and pulled her into me. The kissing started again and this time I didn't hold back. I kissed her a little harder on the mouth and she started moaning right away. She ran her hands up to my hair and I reached down and untied her robe so that it was all the way open. I reached up to her breasts, and took turns tasting them. I started gently suckling at the nipples, but before long the ache in my pussy took over and I was a little rougher than I meant to be, grazing the delicate skin with my teeth and pulling her nipple deep into my mouth with long sucks. 

Julie was gasping and moaning and just starting to grind herself into my lap when I pulled back and apologized for not being more gentle. She just laughed and asked me to get undressed. We both stood up and I peeled myself out of my clothes. We stood facing each other, me completely naked and her with that robe still hanging around her shoulders.

She smiled slowly and came toward me. I immediately reached out to pull her in, but she asked me to wait. "This is my first time, remember? I want to see what this is all about."

And she reached out and touched my breast. Her first touch was so soft, like a feather brushing past me. My nipples immediately became achingly hard and she lifted my breast in her hand, feeling its fullness and its roundness. She came closer still and leaned in to kiss the top of my breast. She sighed sweetly and moved to take my nipple into her mouth. The feeling of her hot mouth closing around my nipple was delicious and I started to squirm. She slowly played with that nipple, and then did the exact same thing with other one. And then she came closer still and kissed me again. 

Her breasts were pressed against mine and my hands were roaming through her hair. It was so good, it felt so right. Somehow we ended up lying on the floor. She was on her back and I was leaning up on one elbow kissing her and playing with her breasts. I pulled back a little and asked her if we should go farther, or if this was about the level of experience she was hoping for. She answered me by placing my hand over her pussy and slowly grinding against it. The feeling of her heat against my hand was incredible. She was so wet and she wanted this so bad. 

I swallowed my performance anxiety and started moving down between her legs. I kissed my way down to the neatly trimmed mound and then looked at her sex for the first time. She had shaved her lips completely and she was so perfect. As I gently spread them to find her clitoris, I discovered that I was right about the pale pink shade of her. 

I started by thumbing her clit, slowly and then a little faster as she started moving a little to the rhythm I set. She was very vocal and was now moaning almost continuously. Before much time had passed, I bent my head in closer and tasted her for the first time. Oh, it was as good as I remembered. The wetness against my face and all my effort focused on making those moans escalate until she reached her peak. I flicked my tongue over her clit, up and down and back and forth. I sucked on her clitoral hood and pulled it into my mouth. She tasted so good and was clearly enjoying what I was doing as she pulled my hair and starting adding the words "Oh! My! God!" as punctuation to her moans. As she rode her climax to the top she started to push her pussy into my face a little harder and I responded by increasing the pressure of my tongue on her clit and sliding two fingers into her sopping wet hole. She let out a full fledged scream and went rigid and then still but for her deep breaths. 

We lay there for a few minutes, and then I started moving my fingers (still inside her) ever so slowly again and it wasn't long before she started moving with them. She laughed and said, "I want to tell you something." I sat up a little and asked her what she wanted to say. "Well," she answered, "I really want to go down on you, I reeeally reeeally want to, but I'm nervous. My husband doesn't go down on me very often because he doesn't like the taste. What if I don't like the taste?" 

I told her that she didn't need to repay me or anything. I explained that I loved giving her oral pleasure and that the evening could stop right where we were. She sighed, clearly exasperated, "No, you're not hearing me. I really want to do it! I'm just nervous. What should we do?" I said that we should just start slowly and she could do what she wanted, no pressure, no expectations. 

She asked me to lie down on my back and be still so I did. She started at my neck and worked her way down, using a combination of the tip of her tongue and her teeth. I was agonizing in my pleasure before she even got to my breasts. Once she reached them, she played with them, rolling them, pinching them, even giving a couple of gentle slaps. And then she closed her mouth on them one at a time again and time stopped for me. 

I just became this being laying there receiving this gift she was giving me. The suckling of my nipples had me arching my back and breathing hard. When she'd had her fill of my breasts, she started moving down again toward the heat. Slowly she reached my pubic bone, she came around and placed herself between my legs and looked slowly at my entire pussy. I was shaved in the same manner as she was, and this seemed to please her a lot. She slid her fingers deep inside me and I immediately shuddered and realized that my orgasm wouldn't take long. She slipped in and out of my hole for a few minutes and used the other hand to play with my clit. The combination of the clitoral stimulation and the pressure inside were driving me crazy. 

All of a sudden she said she had an idea and she jumped up. I laid there shivering in a highly aroused state that it made it almost impossible to move. I wanted to just reach down and feel the familiar wetness of my own pussy and finish myself off, but I knew that whatever she had in mind would be better than that. 

She soon returned and asked me to close my eyes and keep them closed. As soon as my eyes were closed, my other senses kicked in and I could smell the fresh scent of newly sliced citrus. She laid back down between my open legs and I felt something cold and wet dripping over my steaming hot sex. "What are you doing?" I asked. 

She just laughed and dripped more of it on me. It ran all the way down to the floor under me and it made everything feel very alive (even more so, if that was possible). It slowly dawned on me that she must be squeezing an orange right on to me. Very ingenious, and a huge turn on, although I would never have guessed it about myself. 

After she had me good and covered with orange juice, I felt her lean in closer, and then I felt her hot breath exhaling on my pussy. Just as I was realizing that she was about to lick me, she had already started. Tentatively at first, with just the tip of her tongue and then with more vigor, she set to work on me. She was very good, I wondered if she had been practicing for all of these years. Her tongue darted here and there and hit the exact right spot over and over again. She was licking me wildly and I was in heaven. I moaned and sighed and wiggled and tried to hold back a little, but I just couldn't do it. She squeezed more juice on me as she was working and it sent me over the edge. The cold juice running down into her hot mouth over my pussy was amazing. She was lapping it up and working so fast and with such precision that I finally gave in to the orgasm and rode to the stars moaning, “Oh, Julie … yes … please … yes … Julie.”

When it was over she laid her head down on my belly and smiled up at me. She asked me if the guys could go golfing again tomorrow and then she laughed.