 My birthday is in late August so I had just turned eighteen when I arrived on campus for my freshman year. After getting everything up to my dorm room I took a walk around campus with my parents. Later, after they left for home, I spent some time getting settled. My roommate, Alison, was a sophomore and wouldn't arrive until the following day.

It was an exciting time for me. After getting most of my things put away I went out with some of the other girls and we toured the campus, stopping at the student union for pizza. I got to bed late and wasn't thrilled when Alison arrived at seven a.m. She dragged me out of bed and said, "Wow, Kate, you're cute. Now come on and help me get my stuff up from the truck."

For a brief moment I hated her with a passion. I'm small and slim with blonde hair and hazel eyes and I hate being called cute. Mostly, I guess, because it's accurate and I've always wanted people to think of me as pretty. I also hated her because I'm 5' 2" and 105 pounds and she was 5' 10", maybe 135 pounds, and drop-dead gorgeous. Black hair, big brown eyes, smooth olive complexion, a figure to die for and long, long beautiful legs.

I pulled on a t-shirt and shorts and my hate faded as I helped her bring her things up from her father's truck. Her father couldn't help much because his left ankle was in a cast. It took an hour to get her stuff in and situated and by then I found myself really liking her. She was smart and funny and full of life.

Like many freshman I was inclined to party more and study less. But I was lucky. Alison wouldn't allow it. She sat me down and talked to me about being responsible, about not wasting the opportunity my parents were giving me. When that didn't work she grabbed me, dragged me across her lap, and spanked me until I was sobbing like a baby. When I promised to stop partying and study hard she let me up. 

As soon as I was free I yelled and cursed and told her I was going to report her. Then I stormed out of our room and headed across campus toward the police station. I came to my senses about halfway there and turned around. I realized that Alison was right. I was cheating my parents out of money they'd worked hard to earn. 

I walked back to the dorm and apologized to Alison for being such a brat. She smiled and shrugged. "Don't worry about it. We all have our moments. How does your ass feel?"

"It hurts, you big oaf. You don't realize how strong you are!"

She grinned at me. "Come here and I'll fix it." She had a tube of some kind of lotion that she said would take the pain away. She told me to take off my shorts and then she had me stretch out on my bed. She sat down next to me, eased my panties down, and squeezed some of the lotion into her hands. I closed my eyes as she spread the lotion over my sore ass. The pain started to fade almost immediately.

I started to doze off as she continue to stroke my ass and thighs. I knew I should stop her, knew I shouldn't be enjoying it so much, but it just felt so good! Nobody had ever touched me so much in my entire life. I didn't protest when she eased my panties off completely and tossed them aside. She straddled my hips and began to rub my back. After a moment or two she tugged on my t-shirt and said, "Let's get this out of the way."

A moment later I was naked and Alison resumed rubbing my back. It was incredibly relaxing and I could feel the tension oozing out of me. I was dozing when she slipped her hand between my legs and cupped my pubic mound. I looked back over my shoulder and was surprised to see that she was also nude. 

I said something and to this day I can't be sure of what I said. I thought I said, "Please, don't." But I could have said, "Please, don't stop."

Either way, it didn't matter. Alison masturbated me to orgasm. A long, intense orgasm that seemed to last for hours. But it couldn't have been more than a minute or two or maybe three. Any longer and it would have burned out my nervous system completely! 

When I was able I sat up and said, "Oh my God. We can't do this again."

Alison just smiled and gathered me up in her arms. She sat me on her lap and I rested my head on her shoulder while she stroked my belly, breasts, and thighs. She pinched and teased my nipples until I was so aroused I couldn't see straight! I begged her to let me cum but she just kept stroking me, teasing me, driving me crazy. Finally, after I'd been begging for several minutes, she put me down on my bed, on my back, and spread my legs.

I moaned with pleasure when I felt her warm wet tongue touch my labia. She ran her tongue over my slit and then pushed it deep into my pussy. I had to bite my lip to keep from screaming with pleasure as her tongue found my clit! Time seemed to slow. I thought I was going to die from the intense pleasure her tongue generated. I did scream when she ran the tip of her finger over my anus. My orgasm exploded, even more intense than the first one! It was so intense that I blacked out for a moment. It was lucky that the neighboring rooms had music blaring so loud that nobody heard me scream.

Alison sat next to me and rubbed my belly with soft strokes until I was calm again. Then she leaned and kissed me for the first time. It was a slow, sweet kiss with lots of tongue. Afterward, she smiled and said, "That tangy taste was you."

I blushed and closed my eyes. She kissed me again and then she said she had some reading to do. I also had some reading to do so I got up and found my panties. As I started to step into them Alison smiled and said, "No, Kate. Stay naked."

I glanced at her, surprised. She had on a t-shirt and panties. "Why?"

"Because I prefer you naked. You're mine now."

I hesitated for a moment and Alison said, "Don't make me spank you again."

I tossed my panties aside, grabbed my book, and sat down on my bed to read. 

Later, as we prepared for bed, I asked Alison what she'd meant when she said "You're mine now."

"Just what I said, Kate. You're mine. You're my cute little naked bitch. Tomorrow when you get back from class I'll start teaching you how to please me with your fingers and tongue. And we'll get rid of that bush. I like bare pussy."

And that's how, at the tender age of eighteen, I became a lesbian's bitch. And I loved it!