 Part I

It's Friday and I've had a long week. I decide to leave the office early, so its about 4 o'clock when I pull into the parking space in front of my favorite salon. My girl Lea works here, and she always knows whats happening on the weekends. I step out of my car wearing my red and white sun dress and matching heels. Noticing my chipped polish on my toes, I decide to get a pedicure along with my regular. 

I walk in, "Rubie! Hey girl hows it going?" Lea comes over to me.

"Great," I give her a quick peck on the cheek. "I've had a long week, need to let loose. Whats going on tonight?"

Lea took my hand and lead me to a back room of the salon. She was going on about a club she had gone to and how much fun she had. While I watched her wiggle her tight ass in front of me.

"That's perfect! So how about you come by my place around 9 and we'll head out." 

"Sounds like a plan, I didn't want to drive tonight anyway," Lea smiles,"I'll have Myra come in shortly.

She walked out the room, and I quickly changed into my bikini and settled down on the massage chair. Shortly after, Myra came in with a short blond girl. 

"Hey Rubie, this is Sandra I'll be working on both of you if you don't mind." 

"Not at all, pleasure to meet you Sandra." I smiled at the cute blond.

"Same here, that's a great suit you have on, I love it. " Sandra winked and went to the dressing room to change. I was wearing a red bikini about a size too small, so it pushed my tits together. The bottoms barely covered the minimum, which was perfect for here, as it wouldn't be in the way. 

Myra was over at the counter preparing the sugar mixture for our bodies. Sandra comes back out and gets comfy in the chair next to mine. She is wearing a peach colored bikini.

We had a good time laughing and talking with Myra for the next half hour or so, while we had our bodies sugared. I convinced the girls to join Lea and I tonight at the club. Myra finished her job and handed us some towels, "See you outside in a few."

Sandra and I headed to the showers to rinse off. I was enjoying the stream of water on my body and I noticed Sandra watching me, my tight top clinging to my breasts. I winked at her and she smiled and continued rinsing her body. I could see her nipples through her thin top, standing at attention. I could even see the outline of her pussy lips. It was hard not to imagine taking it off with my teeth. 

She saw me staring at her and turned off the water and grabbed her towel, with a smile on her face. 

I finished up and went to change back into my dress. I walked out to the main salon and sat on the pedicure chair in front of Lea. 

"Mm, Rubie your looking great in that dress today, " She runs her hand up my leg, "And Myra does wonders." She smiles wickedly at me.

"Now, you better behave or we are gonna end up in that back room." We laugh and I notice Sandra smiling from a few chairs down.

I finished up at the salon around 5:30. I had errands to run and didn't get home until almost 8. Lea would be there at 9, so that left me enough time to shower and do my hair and make up. Lea knocks on the door at a little before nine. 

"Come in, doors open!" I yell from the room. Lea strolls in looking gorgeous. Wearing a black miniskirt and a tight blue top that hugged her tits perfectly.

"Mmm girl you look great!" I kissed her cheek. 

"And what are you gonna wear?" Lea pulls at my short robe. 

"Hell I don't know, come help me look." We walk back to my room, and she goes into my walk in closet. She flips through several items and pulls out a short red dress with a slit up the side, and a low V neck lined with sequins.

"This is perfect, you look great in red!" Lea says as she hands me the dress. I knew this dress fit me skin tight, so I had to find my really thin undies to wear with it. I start to go through my pantie drawer and Lea laughs. 

She hops on to the top of my dresser, "Girl, you must not have heard, no panties tonight babe!" With her sitting up there I could clearly see her bare pussy. 

I laughed and agreed. I threw the dress on over my naked body, no panties, no bra. Topped the outfit off with some high heels and perfume, and we headed out the door.

The club was already packed when we got there at 10. We headed to the bar and ordered drinks. After a few shots Lea had me out on the dance floor, pressed against her as it was super packed. We are dancing all over each other and had caught a little attention. 

After a few minutes Sandra and Myra join us on the floor. They had brought a few people along and were dancing with them. One of them was Myra's very sexy cousin Rich, and he came over to dance behind me. Rich and I had history. It was always a pleasure to spend time with him.

I was still rolling all over Lea's sexy body and he seemed to enjoy it. He was pressed against me from behind and I could feel his cock slowly hardening against my ass. I am dancing and moving my body against both of them. Lea's tits pressed against mine. I move my hand up to pinch her nipple through her top as I feel his hands move to my hips. He is grinding against my ass. 

Lea moans as I pinch her nipple, and she reaches behind me to grab my ass. I know she can feel his cock against the back of her hand. She inches the hem of my short dress up and runs her fingers along my pussy lips from behind. 

"Mmm, wet already are we?" I respond by pressing my ass against his cock, her hand still between us. I feel her hand leave my body and grab his hard cock. He moans in my ear, and Lea leans in and kisses me deeply. Still rubbing his shaft. I feel his hands move up to my chest and he pinches and plays with my tits. 

There are so many people dancing around us, no one hardly notices. I do see Sandra watching from the corner of my eye as she is dancing with another guy. Lea stops kissing me but continues dancing and touching my body. She touches my pussy again from behind me, and easily slides a finger into my dripping pussy. I moan loudly into her ear, and throw my head back against his chest. 

She thrusts her finger a couple of times into me then pulls it out. Her finger is slick with my juices and she brings it to his mouth, he eagerly sucks and licks it clean. Then Lea brings her mouth to his and kisses him hard. I am pinned between them as she kisses him over my shoulder. His cock pressed to my ass, her tits to my tits.

I rub her pussy through her skirt then lift it and play with her hot pussy, just as wet as mine. My finger finds her clit and I rub it roughly. She stops kissing him and tells me she needs a drink. 

Lea grabs my hand and guides me to the bar. We take a double shot each and order more drinks. Sandra comes over with Rich. "Hey girls, having fun yet?." Sandra grins at us. We laugh, "Most definitely!" 

"Why don't you ladies join us over at our booth in the back?" Rich suggests. We agree, grab our drinks and start to follow him back. Sandra grabs my hand and asks me to go with her to the bathroom. I nudge Lea to let her know and head off with Sandra.

Sandra leans against me and puts her arm through mine as we walk to the restrooms. "You too were sure looking hot out there on that dance floor." 

"Thanks, I noticed you watching, did you enjoy the show?" We walk into the crowded bathroom. There's a large stall in back. She doesn't let go of my arm, as she walks towards it. We walk in together and she closes the door. "I did, in fact, I bet if you tried you could tell just how much I enjoyed it."

"Mmm, is that so?" I walked up to her and pulled her close to me. She was wearing a tight black dress with a low v-neck. I ran my fingers down her cleavage, and over her breasts. I pulled the fabric down and let her small tit pop out. Her nipple stood erect and looked so inviting. I pinched and pulled at it until she moaned and closed her eyes. I brought my mouth to her tit and sucked on her hard nipple. With my other hand I picked up her skirt and felt her bare pussy. 

"Mmm nice and smooth. Oh, and very wet, I guess you did enjoy it didn't you." I rubbed at her outer lips and felt her wetness coat my fingers. I sucked on her nipple as I rubbed her hard clit. Her pussy was drenched and I could smell her sweet aroma. I wanted so bad to have my tongue in her hot hole. I shoved two fingers into her tight little pussy, she moaned loudly, "Ooh fuck."

I pushed her back against the wall and knelt down to lick her cunt, I couldn't resist any longer. I licked her slit up and down with my tongue flat against her, long strokes. Tasting her sweetness with my tongue, then I spread her lips with two fingers and flicked at her clit with the tip of my tongue. 

"Mmm, ooh yess..." Her sweet moans, and hot pussy, making my own pussy juices drip down my thighs. I began devouring her sweet cunt, tongue fucking her and rubbing her clit with my thumb. Digging out all her juices with my tongue. 

Her moans became louder her breath quick. I stuck two fingers in her pussy and pounded her fast and hard, my mouth clamped onto her clit. Fucking her sweet tight pussy until I felt the walls of her pussy clench my fingers, her body trembling, her cum seeping out onto my hand and down my chin. I sucked up all the cum I could get, licked her pussy clean and got up. I took her face to mine and kissed her hard, letting her taste how sweet her own juices are. 

We straightened up and headed back out into the club. As I walked over to the back booth, Sandra headed to the bar. I noticed Rich had his head back and Lea was whispering in his ear. I scoot in on the other side of Rich. He looks at me and smiles. Lea has his cock in her hand, and she licks her lips at me. She reaches over and pulls my face to hers in front of Rich. 

We kiss deeply and passionately in front of him, I hear him moan as my hand joins hers on his cock. We play with his hard cock for a while, still kissing. He starts licking at my neck, whispering in my ear how much he wants to fuck us. 

"I want to taste that pussy of yours on my tongue," he says, "Feel my cock slide in and out of your sweet hole. You know how much I miss making you cum for me."

He slips his hands under each of our skirts, and starts rubbing at my pussy as he plays with Lea's as well. I moan into Lea's mouth and she reaches up and pinches my nipple with her free hand. 

My pussy is dripping wet at this point and I need to cum so bad. I want so much for him to fuck me right then and there while I licked at Lea's sweet pussy. 

"Baby, lets get out of here. Lets go to your place." Rich says. 

"I think that's a good idea, Rubie." Lea says and pulls away. "I could sure go for that."

We get up straighten out our clothes and head for the exit. 

Rich takes the keys to my car and drives us to my place. When we get inside he cant keep his hands off of us. Lea and I head to the bed and she immediately starts kissing me. Rich is right behind me kissing my neck and fingering my pussy. 

"I want you to lick my pussy baby, no one can do it like you, make me cum for you." Lea says to me. I push her down on the bed and push her skirt up to her hips. I start licking at her sweet pussy, hearing her moan. 

Rich moves behind me and teases my clit with his cock. I moan into Lea's pussy as he slowly drives into me.

He starts pounding my pussy as I fuck Lea with my tongue. I insert a finger into her ass, cause I know it drives her wild. I flick my tongue at her clit and fuck her ass with my finger. 

Rich is pounding my cunt deep and hard I feel his balls slapping against me, I'm so close to cumming already I squeeze my pussy around his cock.

Lea is moaning and screaming and I slip two fingers in her pussy still fucking her ass, I feel her walls tighten around me as she screams that she's cumming. 

At the same time, I feel Rich shoot his hot cum inside me, hear him moan my name. My pussy starts to contract as I cum so hard. I feel our juices dripping down my thigh as I lick up every drop of Lea's sweet cum.

We collapse on the bed, all of us spent.