 I had just gotten home from work. She worked nights and I worked and attended college during the day so I slid out of my shoes as quietly as possible as I stepped in the front door, so as not to wake her. It was the last day of the work week for both of us, so we usually tried to have a date night after she woke up from a nap. It had been a long week between work and school and I was questioning if all this work was really worth it to become a teacher,but I had to put all that aside when I was snapped back to reality by the dog letting me know she needed to be let out. 

With me going to school and her working overnights we rarely had the chance to even sleep in the same bed, much less have sex. This was not a fact that went unnoticed, and I hoped tonight would give us a chance to get back in the swing of things, so to speak. 

As I glanced at the clock I realized she'd be in bed for at least another hour or so. I went to the kitchen, grabbed a beer from the fridge and headed to the bathroom hoping a soak and a drink would help me unwind from the pressures of the day. 

I slipped out of my khakis and since I hadn't worn any underwear that day all that was left to do was remove my sweater and unsnap my bra. I watched as it fell at my feet, the red fabric with the delicate pink flowers bunching up on the floor. It was my favorite bra, and with good reason. It gave me amazing cleavage (not that I ever had the opportunity to show it off).

I slid into the tub carefully. The water was so hot that it instantly turned my normally pale white arms, legs and breasts a light shade of pink. I submerged myself in the tub, looking down at my breasts bobbing gently as I reached across the tub and carefully cracked open the beer I had gotten earlier. I took a sip, closed my eyes and relaxed. I sat in the tub until the water was no longer warm enough to be comfortable and the room was too cold to enjoy, as was evidenced by my nipples standing up in protest of the cold air. 

I rose out of the tub and toweled off. I wasn't sure if or when we'd be going out, so I tossed on my favorite pair of shorts and a shirt with cut off sleeves (the kind that I could only wear around the house because I cut them too far and my breasts were constantly peeking out the sides). I didn't bother to put on any underwear or a bra since I was only going as far as the living room and didn't want to wake her by looking for clothes while she was sleeping. 

I lounged on the couch and turned on the TV, mindlessly channel surfing until I heard her get up and get out of bed. 

"Hey babe, do you want to go out for a while?" she asked as I heard her starting the shower. 

"Sure", I replied, "I'm not dressed yet; I thought I'd wait for you so I could figure out what to wear after we decided where we were going." 

"Hey, I can't hear you very well over the shower. I also need a towel so can you come in here for a minute?"

I got up and walked towards the bathroom. She was already in the shower so I missed my chance to get a good look at her. I grabbed a towel and hung it up on the towel bar and then asked where we were going. As I did this, my right breast peeked out of my shirt and she said, "Well, if you're dressed like that I might just keep you here all to myself."

I returned to the living room and sat on the couch, finishing off the last of my beer as I waited.

She seemed to be taking forever, which was unlike her, but I had all weekend to spend with her so I wasn't going to begrudge her spending a few extra minutes getting ready. 

She entered the room dressed in a pair of jeans, but was otherwise naked (she did this often if a shirt she liked was downstairs where the washer and dryer were). I figured she was almost ready so I told her I was going to go take a quick shower and get dressed. 

As I went to walk across the room, she stopped me by wrapping me in a hug and said, "I've missed you this week." She then leaned in to me and gave me a kiss. My breasts sticking out of my shirt rubbed up against her naked chest and suddenly getting dressed and going out was the last thing on my mind.

She grabbed my shirt and pulled the middle of it together, so my breasts were sticking out from either side of the strip of fabric that now separated them. She looked at my breasts and bit her bottom lip as she smiled at me. I wrapped my hands around the back of her neck, ran my fingers through her short, and still damp, hair and pulled her mouth to mine. 

She parted my lips with her tongue and kissed me with a type of urgency that I hadn't felt in a long time. She flicked her tongue over mine over and over, barely letting me have a chance to catch my breath. A few more of those kisses, tongues wildly exploring and I was ready to tear her jeans off. I fumbled as I ran my hands down her stomach and tried to unbutton her pants. 

She promptly grabbed my hands and moved them away from her waist, placing one of my hands on each of her breasts. Her breasts were perfectly sized for my hands, and I was always envious of the fact that she could go places without a bra on, something that never happened for me because I was "blessed" with a pair of 38gg breasts. I cupped her breasts and ran my fingers gently across her nipples. I wanted to take them up in my mouth, but as I leaned down to her chest she again moved me to where she wanted me to be. 

She wrapped her fingers in my shoulder length hair and pulled me in again to another kiss. My knees were shaking and I could feel the intensity of my excitement building.. For once, I wished I was wearing panties because I was afraid I might ruin my favorite shorts if she kept going. 

"Lets take this to the bedroom" I suggested as I started to grab her hand to lead her to the bedroom.

"I had something else in mind" she said to me as she pulled me back towards her, spinning me around so my back was to her.

She reached down and grabbed my shirt, yanking it hastily off of me. The warmth of her breath in my ear and her heavy breathing was only serving to contribute more to the building tension I was feeling between my legs. As she pulled my shirt off, she reached around, cupping my breasts, flicking my nipples, and pinching them. 

I tried to move myself back around to face her, but she held me tight, kissing and licking my neck as she continued to rub and play with my nipples. Finally, after what felt like forever, she turned me around and kissed me again. Once again she turned her attention to my heaving breasts but this time, instead of her hands she bent forward and took my hard nipples into her mouth. First the left and then the right. She sucked and flicked and worked my nipples with her tongue. After a while, my body was begging for a climax. 

"Baby, I want you to fuck me" I moaned between ragged breaths. 

She reached down and grabbed the waist of my shorts and slid them off deftly with one hand. She knelt on the floor in front of me, her face at eye level with my warm, and now very wet, pussy. 

She slid a hand between my legs and smiled "Sure feels like you're ready for me". With that, she reached up with her other hand and spread my lips apart. 

She leaned her head back a few inches and took in the sight of my shaven pussy, pink and dripping. After a few seconds, she leaned in and gently flicked my clit with the tip of her tongue. Waves of pleasure were already ripping through my body and I wasn't sure how long I could stand it before I would cum right there on her face. 

I let out a gentle moan as she continued to use her tongue to explore the wetness she had created between my legs. She drew gentle circles around my clit, and then when she had me building up, she'd stick her tongue out as far as she could and use it to fuck me. 

I was leaning into her, feeling her tongue inside of me sliding in and out of my hole. She knew I wanted to cum, and she finally decided she was going to let me. She went back to working my clit and as my breath grew more shallow and my moans of "oh fuck yes" grew louder, she picked up the pace and went from a gentle kissing to a furious flicking and sucking. 

When I was about to collapse, I begged her, "Please don't stop. Right. There. Oh. Fuck." 

She pulled my body down to her by reaching around my back and grabbing my ass, she pulled my clit into her mouth and sucked it and flicked it and until finally, I came. 

All my juices poured into her mouth and down her chin as she lapped them up while I looked for something to hold on to in order to steady my legs, still shaking from the intensity of my orgasm. 

"Your turn" I said looking down at her, still kneeling on the floor.

"Oh no, I'm not done with you yet", she replied, standing up and unzipping her pants to reveal the strap-on she was wearing under her jeans.

Now I understood why she kept pushing me away from her zipper. She stood up and let her pants fall to the floor, kicking them aside. She grabbed me by the hand and pushed me away from her and towards the end of the couch. She pushed me forward over the arm of the couch, my ass up in the air towards her.

"I have plans for you" she said as she slapped me gently on the ass.

My heart pounded in my ears as a new wave of excitement coursed through my body. My knees were still shaking from the ecstasy and I propped myself up on my elbows. She put her knee between mine and forced my legs apart. 

"I was dreaming about fucking you so when I woke up I wanted to get right to it" she said as she slid her hand in between my legs. 

She slid two fingers into me, pushing gently against my g-spot, feeling my wetness. "Mmm, you want this?" She asked. 

All I could do was nod weakly, my head swimming.

She pushed the head of her cock against me, sliding it up against my clit a few times. This made me jump a little since I was still pretty sensitive. Gently she slipped the head of it inside me and slowly worked it in and out of my hole. 

It was bigger than I had remembered and it was pushing against my already tight walls. I heard a faint laugh and then she pushed the full length of the cock into me, thrusting it slowly so I felt every inch. My body slid forward as she pushed into me, so she reached around and grabbed my hips and guided my body back and forth as she continued to pump her hard cock. I could feel the head rubbing my g-spot as she fucked me. 

She sped up and the sound of her body hitting mine as she pushed her cock in and out of me made me hungry for more. She must have sensed this, because she pulled me back and reached in front of me, squeezing my erect nipples in time with her motions. She slowed a bit, and I begged her to keep going. She slid one hand behind me and pulled at the back of my hair. "You like that? You want me to make you cum?"

I couldn't find words, so I nodded my head vigorously and she obliged by sliding her hand back in front of me, putting one hand back on my nipple and sliding the other down my stomach to my pussy. She slid her fingers around my clit and squeezed it again as she continued to pound me. I could feel my legs getting weak again and the wetness was dripping from her cock as she slid it in and out of me. I knew I was close to orgasm.

"Please. Don't stop." I begged weakly 

She slid her hands onto my hips again and thrust into me. I could feel my walls starting to contract and the pressure in me was building. She dug her fingers into me and pulled me close to her, pushing her whole length into me as fast as she could. I could only grunt as I felt the tingle build and my orgasm begin. My pussy exploded and I collapsed on the couch. She leaned onto me, the whole length of the cock still inside me. 

As my pussy continued to contract from my orgasm, she leaned onto me and said, "was that worth waiting until date night?". 

I said "Oh definitely" as she slowly pulled her cock from my pussy. I turned around and kissed her deeply. 

"So, let's go get a beer" she said.

"But what about you?" I asked, still eager to return the favor.

"Well, we have all weekend, how about I let you get some strength back first?" She grinned as she took my hand and lead me to the shower.