 Finally the weekend! I'm tired from a long week but happy to be home as I arrive at the front gate and check the mailbox - junk mail and bills, great. I collect the papers and feel around in my bag for my keys as I walk up the path to the front door. You've left the door closed but unlocked for me, so I walk straight in. I'm grateful, it's been a long day.

Our happy puppy is there at my feet to greet me, tail wagging, and I call out to you, "Hey Bub, I'm home". I put my bag down and give her a scratch under her chin. I'm taking off my scarf and coat, when I realise you haven't responded. 

"Bubba?" I call out, walking up the short hall and into our room. To my surprise, you're there, in bed, under the covers.

"What are you doing in bed? Are you sick?" I ask, worriedly, rushing to your bedside.

You grin at me, a cheeky grin I haven't seen for a while, and you sink down deeper under the covers until you're covered up to your nose, but I can still see the smile in your eyes. You're blushing. 

I'm confused. "What are you doing?"

You're silent and blushing profusely; you squirm uncomfortably and I notice your shoulder is uncovered. Uncovered. Like, naked. Wait, what?

"Are you naked?!"

You look up at me with a grin on your face, "Come here" is all you say, lifting up the covers a little and beckoning me. 

I am amazed. You've never done anything like this before, but I'm totally in.

I quickly kick off my shoes, pull down my work slacks and throw them in a pile with my shirt. I close the bedroom door on the curious dog and join you in the bed in my underwear. You're warm all over and you squeal when I touch you. 

"Sorry", I say, rubbing my hands together. 

You're suddenly coy, I can see you second guessing yourself. I move my head closer to yours, angling so our bodies don't touch yet. I lead your chin with my left hand and kiss your lips. Your breath is warm and sweet and you kiss me back eagerly. My hand caresses your jaw and then moves to the back of your head as our kiss deepens. I feel your tongue lick slightly at my lips and it sends a wave of electricity through my body. 

Your right hand on my waist pulls me closer to you. I draw away from your kiss to look into your eyes, and what I see there bowls me over: your eyes are filled with such passion and longing that my heart aches for you. 

"What has gotten into you today?" I ask. You smile coyly but don't respond.

I wriggle closer to you and softly kiss the side of your mouth, your chin, your jaw. You move your head slightly so I can better reach your neck with my kisses. You giggle when my breath tickles, but you don't pull away.

Your right hand sensuously moves from my waist to my hip, then up my back. You un-clip my bra, and we move apart quickly so I can discard it. 

You smile and I moan when your hand finds my breast, lightly holding it and rubbing my nipple with your thumb. You play with me for a moment, smiling as you listen to the way my breathing hitches with lust. 

"I've been thinking about you all day..." you finally say.

"Oh god, really?"

You laugh and pull your hand away but I grab it and put it back. 

"That story you read me last night - I can't get it out of my head." You kiss me again and move your hand down my body to the top of the elastic of my underpants on my hip, and start to inch them down. You look up at me through lidded eyes and smile - your eyes telling me how much you want this. My whole body feels like it's on fire as I help you peel them off.

I come back to you and your hands are again on my body. I lie back and you move half over me, leaning on your left arm, your right arm free. Your hand slips lightly over my stomach, giving me goosebumps. You trawl your fingers over my ticklish hips, down my thigh to between my legs. 

I'm so turned on, so overwhelmed. It's so unlike you to move so fast. I try not to squirm or move my hips, I don't want to ruin the moment by being too eager. Your fingers search through my pubic hair and I open my legs for you, my breathing getting faster. My eyes flutter closed when you find my clit and I moan into your ear, whilst you circle it lightly with your index finger.

After a few moments, your hand stills and I open my eyes. Your finger flicks over my clit and I moan again, but it's caught in my throat. My hips strain upwards to encourage your fingers, there is a moment of tense silence.

"Please?" I plead. 

You lean forward as if to kiss me, but don't. I reach for you, my arms wrapping around your neck, gently pulling you closer towards me. I want to feel your body against mine. I don't want to be begging yet, but I'm already so worked up. Your fingers move once again sliding over my clit and my hips thrust up involuntarily so your fingers slide lower, between my lips. I'm already so wet for you. You breathe a gasp at my response, and kiss me deeply. Your finger sliding inside me to the second knuckle, and then you slide my wetness back up over my clit.

Your finger continues sawing slowly, from just inside me to over my clit and back. I love the feeling of you on me, it's so unlike you to take charge, holding me, touching me like this. Our breasts pressed together whilst I hold you close to me. I am happy, needful, breathless. 

It's magical but I need more. My hands move up and down your back and I grasp at your shoulder to pull your arm deeper inside me. 

Your hand lingers and stills again. I feel you smile against my cheek, but you're not giving me what I want, what I need. You lay still on top of me for a moment whilst I catch my breath. I strain against your fingers trying to get you to move against me. 

"Fuck me please?" 

This gets you grinning. It was what you wanted to hear.

You shift and rise over me, placing your thigh between my legs, which I open wide for you. My hips strain upwards again, and you kiss me roughly, quickly, and move your hand between us, under your thigh. You find my opening and push two fingers inside me. I sigh with relief, my eyes fluttering closed. Your palm over my clit, the weight of your thigh behind your hand. Your body grinding against mine.

I forget words as you fuck me. This position must be killing your hand but we both know I won't take long. I pull you up a little with my own thigh so it settles between your legs and you can grind on me at the same time. I hear your heavy breathing in my ear and feel occasional short kisses on my cheek or neck. I'm panting and emitting tiny moans with every inward thrust. My breathing is shallow and rapid, and I'm quickly losing control of my body. 

You start sucking at my shoulder, bursting the tiny blood vessels there to form a hickey. I moan but it hitches in my throat. My hips are bucking in time with your movements. You press in deeper with your hand, and when you bite my neck I moan into your ear. 

You bite down harder and I call out, "Oh, oh!"

"Yes", you whisper in my ear, "yes".

I can feel your wetness on my thigh. The thought that you're as turned on as I am, grinding on me whilst you're fucking me like this is enough to tip me over the edge. 

My face contorts, "I'm going to come! Oh my god! Oh, oh! Fuck!"

You bear down and keep your fingers inside me as my orgasm washes over me. "Fuck! Oh! I love you"

"I love you", you answer.

My body tremors and my hips jerk then still as I'm lost in the pleasure. I lay there limp whilst I try to catch my breath.

"Fuck you're beautiful", you tell me. 

"That was insane!" I said. You grin in response. "What's gotten into you today?!"

You kiss me, and I moan into you. My legs try to shut but you aren't finished yet. Your turn.

"I need you inside me", you whimper. That would be my cue.

I jump off the bed and go to our drawer. I pull out our strap-on and kneel on the bed awkwardly, trying to work out the straps. You are where I left you, waiting coyly.

I affix our favourite dildo inside the straps, and position the bottom of it so it's down low on my pubis, right on top of my clit. My fingers are clumsy, I'm so turned on at the thought of fucking you that I can barely function. I tighten the straps and you lie back in anticipation, smiling and giggling.

I kneel between your legs and then lean over you, laying my weight on your hips, and kiss your lips deeply. You respond eagerly to my kiss, bending and lifting your knees around me. 

I kiss your chin and up your jaw, grinding against your pubic bone. The dildo is bent down awkwardly between your legs and I can feel the back of it rubbing on my clit through the harness with each movement.

"I want you" you whisper in my ear. 

Fuck. You. Are. So. Sexy.

I sit up on my knees between your legs and shake my head quickly to snap out of the fog and concentrate on what I'm doing. You laugh at me and lie back, one arm comfortably behind your head, the other casually on your hip. I bask in the sight of you - you are so beautiful. Your full breasts lie flat and round on your chest, rising and falling as you pant in excitement. 

I have to have you.

I lean forward and position the head of the dildo at your opening and thrust forward a little, rubbing it up and down from your clit and back, spreading your wetness over the toy. Your eyes flutter closed and your hand reaches down to help guide the dildo inside of you. I slowly ease down over you, and the dildo slides the rest of the way inside you easily, slicked by your wetness.

We both groan as I bottom out inside you, then slowly lift my hips to slide out again. You love it when I am inside you like this.Your legs are wide open and your knees tighten around my hips, drawing me back into you. You hold me tightly, your arms around my back, our breasts crushed together as I fuck you. The only sound is our heavy breathing, as we start a steady slow rhythm. 

After a few minutes I pause for a second, repositioning myself so I can make longer, deeper thrusts. The bed creaks slightly underneath us as our bodies meet again. You arch your back and briefly open your eyes, seeing that I'm watching your blissful face. You playfully bat my head away so I can't see your face, and hold me tightly, my head in the crook of your neck.

I whisper in your ear, "I'm fucking you Bubba, I'm fucking your hot, wet cunt, and you're loving it".

Your fingers dig into my back, your teeth dig into my shoulder. There are tremors running through your body, your hips are jerking. I'm holding you there, everything I do holds you there, underneath me, forced to feel what you need. You're holding me so tightly the only part of me that can move are my hips, which continue to bounce on you, the dildo sliding deeply in long strokes in and out of you, the way you like it. 

I can feel every thrust as the bottom of the dildo presses hard on my clit. I'm inside you, fucking you, one with you, and we both forget that the straps are there.

"Come for me baby, my good girl, I fucking love you so god damned much."

You moan and tense, bucking against me and I keep fucking you, harder and faster. You bite on my shoulder and I can feel it boiling deep inside you.

"Oh, OH! Fuck!" you cry out. Your hold on me tightens like a vice, while a massive orgasm takes you over. You bite hard down on my shoulder in order to not scream and I gasp in pain and arousal. 

"Fuck, you are so sexy, yeah come for me Bubba", I croon, as you squeal into my ear. Your hips are jolting as the orgasm waves over you.

"Oh fuck, shh, I'm sorry", you say. "Shhh, sorry, sorry, oh, oh, sorry". You're trembling, whimpering even as it leaves you. 

"What on earth have you got to be sorry for?!" I ask. "That was fucking amazing!"

"I love you" you murmur groggily in response. 

"I love you too Babe. Fuck." I say, wrestling my head out of your grip. I daren't move my hips just yet, as I languish inside you. 

After a few seconds you open your eyes and I kiss you, passionately. "I love you", we both say in unison, and laugh. I lift my hips and give an experimental thrust. You lift your hips up to me, smiling. We're both languorous and happy to lay still in each others' arms, my face nuzzled in your neck. 

Perhaps we dozed off for a few minutes.

Suddenly the dog starts barking maniacally. We both sit bolt upright and you scramble out of bed for your dressing gown.

"What the fuck?" I ask, as you rush to the front door, running your fingers through your hair and turn on the porch light. 

"Just a sec!" you call out.

I hear you speaking with someone at the door and thanking them, then the door closes. The smell of pizza wafts through the hall and into the bedroom. 

Are you fucking perfect or what?!