 Thanks to Bobbi BangBang for your help.

*****

Once a month I indulge in a day of pampering. This is generally something I do for myself. It's something I'm always looking forward to and when it arrives it might as well be my birthday because the day is all about me.

It's the same routine each time. I always travel to this high scale shopping center in a town near where I live in northern California. I start at a great café, sit outside and have a healthy lunch and a glass or two of wine. I saunter through all the great boutique stores and do some shopping and then finish up at a luxury spa for a massage.

I have been indulging myself in this routine for over a year. At the end of the day my husband usually will take me out to a nice dinner and home for great sex. I have to say I love "Pampering Fridays".

My masseuse is a young Latina girl named Cayla. She has strong hands and makes all tension in my neck and shoulders disappear. I'm always a noodle when she is finished. Cayla has been in my secret fantasy life for the past year. When I'm alone and those sexual thoughts creep into my head, it's Cayla that always comes to mind. 

She's always been professional in her approach, even though my mind plays tricks on me at times when she touches my skin. I find my thoughts wandering more and more every massage. 

After the massage I tip her graciously and then lounge in the rest area in the ladies locker room. I rest on a couch, sipping water, thinking of how wonderful she makes me feel.

This past Friday was my recent pampering day. It was a beautiful day, 84 degrees and after many days of rainy weather just made me feel full of life and excitement. I was really excited for a great weekend and kicking it off with "pampering Friday" was just what the doctor ordered.

I chose a relatively sheer flowered print sundress, no bra(rare for me, but I felt decadent, sinful even) and a lace black thong. I felt free and easy with no bra, the fabric against my nipples made then erect at all times. Between being braless, the brush of the fabric on my skin, and the breeze tickling me my nipples stood out for all the world to see. I felt freer, released. 

As I sat outside in my favorite little café a slight breeze would sweep by reminding me I had no bra underneath. The feeling of the breeze shoot across my legs and chest made me feel as if I was on a beach somewhere in just my swim suit with no cares in the world. 

My waitress delivered a glass of sauvignon blanc.

"I'd like to order the house salad." I leaned back, arching my back just a little. I winked when I caught her peeking at me.

""I adore your dress." She said as I felt her eyes look right through my dress to my hardened nipples. 

I leaned back, arching my back just a little. I winked when I caught her peeking at me.

She smiled, a blush painting her cheeks as she asked, So, How is Pampering Friday going for you so far?″

I grinned, a little wolf-grin and shifted so she could see a bit more, ″It's off to a great start!″

made me lean back in my chair as I thanked her. She asked how my "pampering Friday was starting out. I smiled, catching her peek down again and said "it's off to a great start".

The sun beat down on me as I finished my salad and my waitress approached me with another glass of wine. "What's this"? She smiled once again and told me this one was on her as she wanted to make my "pampering Friday" as best as possible. I normally wouldn't have a second glass as it was the afternoon, I'm a light weight and I was going out with my hubby for dinner later and would surely be drinking with him.

"Thank you, that's so sweet."

I realized how turned on I was getting. The attention she was giving me combined with the warm sun, the nice breeze, my relaxed mood and my incredibly hard nipples was having an effect on my entire body. She went off to work her tables and I just watched her move about the patio as I drank my wine and relaxed. I noticed her glance back at me occasionally and smile. 

I looked down at my watch and realized it was time to head to the spa. I pushed my plate away and moved my chair away from the table in direct line with the sun, leaned back in my chair and closed my eyes to soak it in, imagining I was on a beach. My waitress came back and this time walked around to the other side of the table where I was relaxing. 

"Can I get you anything else Alicia"? 

I opened my eyes slowly to see her looking up and down my body. I wanted to say so many things at that moment, but "just the check for now" was all that came out.

I stood up to head to the spa and felt that buzz you get from sitting for so long and a couple of glasses of good wine.

I love the elegant, relaxing atmosphere of the spa. I entered through a large wooden door to the lobby and the receptionist greeted me and took me to the ladies locker room. I slowly undressed, a seductive tease for myself and put on a big terrycloth robe and headed to the lounge. 

Cayla entered after a few minutes, smiled and said,"Welcome Mrs. Mathers". She lead me down the hallway towards her room and asked me how my "pampering Friday" had been going. 

I smiled and told her, ″It's off to a great start and I'm already extremely relaxed.″ 

I followed a step or two behind Cayla, biting my lower lip as I admired the subtle sway of her hips, the nut-brown of her skin, the dark sheen of her hair. Cayla is 24 years old, only about 5'4 with a beautiful complexion, a radiant smile and incredibly beautiful body with great natural curves. Her breasts are full and large and always look like they are going to pop out of the white work attire she has to wear. 

We entered a dim-lit room, lavender scented candles teased my senses and soft music played in the background. She stepped out of the room and I slid my robe off and hung it near the door. My hands slid down my breasts to my side and I reminded myself this would feel good. I slid under the sheet, onto the warm bed and set my face down in the support at the end of the table.

Cayla re-entered and approached me, her hand touching my shoulder. ″Are there any tensions areas or injuries I should be aware of, Alicia?″

I shook my head, "No, I feel great and relaxed today.″ 

"That's good, we will go a little softer today with the massage" she says with a quiet voice with a trace of an accent. 

I heard her open the oil and the felt strong, sure hands work both sides of my neck and shoulders. I looked down to see her adorable feet in sandals, toes painted in carmine, a sensual contrast against her dark skin. She wore a silver toe ring on the middle toe on her right foot. I laid, entranced with her feet until she moved around to work on my lower back. Her hands moved slower and more gently than ever before, caressing as much as anything else. 

She stepped back in front of my head and her hands and arms moved from my shoulders down as far as she could reach to the top of my ass. As she slid all the way down I could feel her large breasts on the back of my head and shoulders. On her last pass, her breast pressed on my shoulders as her hands worked the top and sides on my ass. 

Cayla pulled the sheet back up over my back and turned it back from my right leg. I felt the sheet come up over my ass, she didn't tuck it down between my legs, as usual. Again, I thought it was my mind playing tricks and my sexual fantasies taking over. As she worked my foot and ankle, she pushed my foot back towards my ass and I felt, as my legs parted slightly, the sheet open onto my other leg. 

With some more oil her hands, she worked gently on my thigh, pushing with her palms then pulling back with her finger tips. Eventually all the way up to my ass. One palm pressing against my cheek and the other worked up the middle of my ass and then, as they started back down, I felt her finger tips start at the top of my ass. 

I wondered if she would pull away. I dared hope.

She didn't. Her finger tips moved down my ass cheeks and I felt her finger pass by my hole and lips as she moved down my thigh. Involuntarily, I raised my hips to her touch and moaned. She worked my calves and feet some more then covered my leg and opened the sheet up on my other leg. Again the sheet was pulled back further than normal, this time I felt my entire ass exposed. 

Her hot, oily hands worked my foot and ankle, up my calf, and repeated the same motion on my thigh. This time, as she reached my ass, her palms worked deeper into my cheek, her finger nails dug in a bit back down my legs. This drove me crazy. 

"Hmmm, that feels so good, aahhhh," As pleasure passed thru my lips.

"I'm glad you're enjoying,″ Cayla responded in a near-whisper.

She started using just her fingertips and nails up and down my ass, her fingers moving down near the crack of my ass in each pass. I raised my ass and moaned, not able to stay quiet. Cayla moved back down to my calf and ankle. She covered me up and then moved to the side of the table where she stopped and said with a quiet yet confident tone, "Time to roll over".

As usual, she raised the sheet up from the opposite side of my body. I started to roll over and noticed the sheet was only up about a foot off the table and pulled back towards her. Normally she would pull it up above her line of sight for privacy. I looked Cayla in the eyes and melted when she returned my smile with a shy smile of her own.

I took my time rolling over and positioning myself on my back. I spread my legs further apart than normal, inviting her. She lowered the sheet back down on top of me, covering my breasts just above my nipples. She moved above my head and her oily hands worked my shoulders and arms. Cayla then worked from my shoulders down the sides of my breasts to my stomach and then back up between my breasts in a circular motion. With each circuit, her breasts pouring out of her white top move just above my face. As she made a deeper pass, I felt her chest move against my mouth and chin, pressing. 

As she returned to my shoulders, her hands moved up my stomach to under my breasts. She worked the base of each breast with magic. I realized the sheet had slipped and my breast was exposed. 

"Mmmm, that feels so nice," I moaned.

"Should I stop?″ Cayla says in a quiet seductive manner. 

"No, that feels wonderful," I replied.

Cayla moved her hands down to my stomach and her breasts came in full contact with my face. Then back up and both hands now run up the sides of my left breast. She started working the sides of my left breast moving her hands together so they met at my nipple and back down. She moved to the over breast after several moments and continued massaging the same way.

"I needed this so badly,″ My voice an urgent whisper.

"I thought you were feeling fine?″ Cayla teases as she whispers in my ear.

"I am, but my breasts have been in need of attention"

She looked down, making eye contact with me as both her index fingers make tiny circles on the tips of my nipples. "This kind of attention?″

"Oh god, yesss"

She dripped oil onto each nipple, one drop at a time. Between two slick fingers she pinches and twists each nipple. 

"God, yesss, mmmmm"

"You do need some attention, Alicia", she slapped both breasts gently, tapping my nipples in the process; then deeply massaged each breast finishing with a twist at each nipple.

My body started to twist and squirm. Cayla commanded me to roll back over. She pulled the sheets off me and realization dawned that all of my fantasies are about to play out. She folded a towel and asked me to raise my hips. I obeyed the young Latina and she slid the folded towel under me, arching my ass in the air.

She repeated the drops of oil, this time on the top of my ass. I felt the warm oil slip down my crack, over my hole and onto my pussy. Intent on my raised ass she asked seductive and caring, "Is this the attention you were looking for?" With that, she slid both hands down the inner sides of my ass cheeks spreading them and my legs further apart.

"fuck, yes ...oh god ... mmmmmm"

Her hands ran down my inner thighs, as they came back up both thumbs running across my lips spreading them apart, and finally back across my hole. She repeated this motion several times until I arched my ass higher off the towel.

I felt more oil directly onto my hole and down my lips. Her finger circled my ass and her other hand worked up and down my slit. 

I can't take any more. "Please, Cayla!"

"Please what, Mrs. Mathers?″ Nonchalant, Cayla sounded professional, in control

"Please, I need this." 

"You need what, Alicia?" She whispers in my ear as her fingers tap and tease my clit.

"Your fingers, ″ I whispered, hoping, begging.

"My fingers where?″

"In my ass and pussy!″

"You are such a bad dirty lady, you want me to finger you ass"? Cayla leans back, almost as if to pull away, one hand continuing to tease my ass and lips, the other now squeezing her own beautiful breast.

"Yes, please I need it!″ I pleaded, no more whisper. I wanted her attention, all of it.

"You are a bit of a slut, Alicia, aren't you"? She moved her index finger around the rim of my ass. Oiled, it entered slow and tight, filling me with the pleasure I craved.

"Yes, oh god yes, I am a slut, just fuck my ass," I admitted, pushing my ass up towards her fingers.

Cayla reached down with her other hand and slid two fingers between my lips, into my pussy, deep enough she could feel her finger in my ass.

"Oh my god, yessss, fuck my ass and pussy. That feels so good!"

She prodded her finger deeper in my ass. I couldn't believe the sensation and how easy it slid into me. Her other hand moved faster in and out of my pussy. 

"Oh fuck, I'm going to cum!″ My body convulses, toes, legs tightening, blood rushing from my head.

"Cum usted pequeña guarra" Cayla coaxed with her sexy Latina voice, commanding me to cum as if I needed any direction.

Juices gushed out of me. I clamped the sides of the table, ass bucking in the air, I bit the sheet to keep from screaming.

Cayla pulled her fingers out of my pussy and I reached for her other arm still working my ass as I collapsed on the table. 

"I'm not done with you yet," she says, "get that ass back in the air!"

Blind obedience, I pushed my ass up and she poured more oil on my globes, her finger worked deeper. I pried the fingers of my near hand from the edge of the table and thrust it between her legs kneading her inner thigh. I worked my hand up her pant leg until I locked onto her pussy. She moved closer and spread her legs wider. Mad urgency drove my hand, my fingers rubbing her pussy through her damp scrub pants. In response, she fucked my ass even harder.

The entire length of her index finger moved in and out of my ass, I could feel the cum again. I looked back at her. Lust shone in her eyes as she ground her hips back and forth against my hand. I rubbed deeper, stronger, feeling the heat and moisture thru her pants.

"Oh, that has to feel good," she moaned, "your tight ass is loosening up now!″

Her body bucked and I felt the shudder as she gripped my arm, riding my hand. In rhythm with her pulse, her grind, I rubbed harder. Cayla shuddered against my hand. Moving her finger in as deep as it will go, she pushed. I felt my own juices start to flow again. My other hand slid under the towel and rubbed at my clit. The pressure of my fingers loosed the final gates and I sprayed my cum out and down my legs.

I felt her legs squeeze together against my hand as she came with me, her knees gave a way as she leaned into me. 

I collapsed on the table once again, this time completely spent. Cayla kissed my bare shoulder "Clean up and I'll see you next month,″ she whispers, "on Pamper Slut Friday.″

Thanks