 Sheri looked over her shoulder, resting her chin on Lauren's body. "Looks like we have a second match..."

"Maybe I should find Kathy's watch," Lauren quipped, hearing Sheri giggle behind her. In front of them, Janice and Kathy were acting like a couple of possessed women. Kisses were exchanged, and hands were roaming all over each other's bodies. Kathy's shirt was already hanging open in the front, exposing the white cotton bra encasing her ample 38d breasts. Janice was in a similar state of undress. Her silk shirt had been pulled loose of her skirt, and Kathy's hands were already roaming underneath, eliciting moans of unrestrained passion from the younger woman's lips. Both women's hairdos were mangled, having been the casualties of each other's hands early on. They were beginning to sink to the carpeted floor, completely oblivious to anyone else in the room.

A brilliant thought ran through the older woman's head as she watched her two friends ravage each other. Sheri must have sensed it, because she asked, "What is it?" 

An evil grin spread across her face. "Why don't we lend them the benefit of our 'experience.' After all, they ARE new to this sort of thing." She got up and moved next to the two, laying a hand on each of their shoulders. It had the desired effect, as both Kathy and Janice looked over to see who was interrupting in their passion.

"What?" Kathy asked in an exasperated voice. 

"I thought you two weren't into this sort of thing," she kidded her friends.

"Well, ah, it's, that is..." Janice stammered, as her cheeks started to glow in embarrassment. 

"It's your fault, you know," Kathy accused, although any sense of anger was completely absent from her tone of voice. "After the way you two carried on, how did you expect us to react?"

Lauren chuckled. "It's OK. Neither of us is complaining about the show you two were putting on."

"But I DO have one question for you, Laur."

"What is it?"

"Why in the HELL did you just stop us?!?"

Lauren giggled. "You can kinda blame it on the OTHER naked woman in the room."

Sheri's eyes lit up. "Excuse me? How do you figure THAT?"

Lauren looked over at Janice and Kathy. "She made the comment not more than two minutes ago that it, and I quote, 'Looks like we have a second match.' Which sort of gave me a great idea to have even more fun than we had."

"I don't see how," Janice stated, the color still evident on her cheeks.

"Oh, trust me, you'll love this idea. In a way, I wish I'd thought about it for our 'match.'" She turned a wicked grin at Sheri. "Might have given you a better chance of beating me..."

"Bitch! I was seconds away from kicking your divorced ass! Or was it my imagination that you were begging for me to finish you off?"

The all laughed at that. Lauren blew Sheri a kiss, to which she received a good-natured middle finger. Kathy got them back in track. "Anyhow, what exactly is this great idea you've cooked up, Laur? Or is this another of your half-assed 'make it up as we go along' plans?"

"I'd be a liar if I said I had the entire thing figured out. But most of it is there. Of course, it all depends on whether you two still want to go through with this."

Kathy glanced at Janice. If her look could dissolve clothes, Janice would have already been naked. "Damned right I am. If I don't do something, or have something done to me, you're all banned from this house forever!"

Lauren grinned and turned her gaze to Janice. "How about you, sweetie? Still want to do go through with this?"

Janice's gaze leapt from woman to woman, taking in the eager looks of each. "Am I ready for this?" she thought. A minute ago, she'd been swept off of her feet by Kathy, one might even say seduced by the older woman. But her natural shyness caused her to hesitate for a minute. This went more or less against everything she'd believed in most of her adult life. After all, before today, she'd never even entertained ANY thoughts of being sexual with another girl. However, after seeing Lauren and Sheri go at it, and then kissing Kathy, a curiosity burned deep within her to see if it got any better than this, to see if another woman could indeed bring her to the pinnacle of pleasure. In the end, her curiosity overruled her shyness, and she nodded. "Yeah. I'd like to find out what this is all about."

"OK, then here's my idea. Feel free to make any suggestions, as you two will be the one's acting it out. The idea will still be to find out who can make the other woman orgasm the most before time runs out. But first, we'll increase the time limit from twenty minutes to thirty. You'll see why in a minute. Next, instead of making this freestyle, like it was for Sheri, and me this time you'll take turns with each other, because I have a feeling otherwise Kathy would completely dominate things. No offense, Janice."

"No, you're probably right, Lauren. I'm not exactly the most aggressive person here."

Kathy shook her head. "Chicken."

Lauren raised an eyebrow. "OK, Miss Confident, just for that, I'm going to give Janice the first crack at you. For the first five minutes, Jan, you can do anything you want to Kathy, and she can't do anything back to you. BUT, you can't perform anything oral on her. We'll save that until later."

"Hey, that's not fair!" Kathy complained.

"Keep your panties on, Kath. I'm not done yet. After the first five minutes are up, you get to do the same thing to Janice. Again, no oral."

"What about using their mouths other places?" Sheri asked.

"No, that's fine. Licking, nibbling, sucking are all OK, as long as it isn't between the other person's legs."

"You're an evil little wench," Sheri replied with a wink.

"Naturally. Now, after Kathy has had her turn, Janice will have the next five minutes to eat our dear Kathy out like a starving woman in a room full of chocolate. Then, Kathy returns the favor for five more minutes."

"You go girl!" Sheri laughed.

"Then, for the last ten minutes, it's anything goes. What do you think?"

Again Sheri spoke up. "Pretty good. But let's add this: Instead of a free-for-all, why don't we have them sixty-nine each other? This way, there's no advantage to either woman. Of course, it's up to you two who gets the 'top' position."

Kathy shook her head. "You two are really getting off on this, aren't you?"

Lauren had lust in her eyes. "You have NO idea, sweetheart. Tell me YOU'RE not?"

"You know better than that by now." She looked over at Janice. "You ready to try this?"

She gave a nervous giggle and nodded. "OK." She walked over to Kathy and looked into her eyes. They just stood there for a minute, gazing deeply into each other's eyes. 

Kathy could see the hesitation returning in her young friend's face. She smiled and closed her eyes. "Go ahead, Jan. Do what you want to do deep in your heart."

With a deep breath, Janice reached out and let her fingers glide softly along the other woman's cheek. Kathy shuddered, savoring the cool touch. Janice traced the outline of her eyes, her nose, her lips, watching the expression of her friend. Clearly, there was a look of strong anticipation. Knowing that the clock had already started ticking, she leaned forward and placed her lips against those of her host.

Kathy melted into the kiss, opening her mouth to allow Janice entry. Quickly, their tongues reacquainted each other from a few minutes previously, once again falling into the sensual dance that their sexual excitement brought out in both of them.

Janice felt her hands moving of their own accord, first running down Kathy's back, then back around to her front, her fingers finding the buttons on the blue shirt. Quickly, as if on fire, they unbuttoned it, and within seconds, Kathy's lace bra was exposed. Janice slid the shirt off of her arms as her lips descended towards the heaving breasts. 

Kathy's eyes opened to see the sexiest sight she'd witnessed in a very long time. Janice had sunk down to her knees, her hands caressing her side, causing goosebumps to break out on her arms, as well as making her nipples begin to harden under the soft white material of her bra. There was a sudden rush of heat that ran from her head to her toes when Janice took one nipple in her mouth, soaking the lace as she suckled. A gasp escaped her lips, and her hands pulled her face closer to her.

Janice amazed how easily she'd slipped into this. There was a certain feeling of power and control at the thought of pleasing her friend. She continued to suck on her nipples and her hands moved down to the catch of Kathy's jeans. After a second of resistance, she unbuttoned it and slid them down to her ankles. Janice began to kiss her way down to Kathy's panties, feeling Kathy's stomach heave and tense. 

"Remember, no oral yet!" Lauren reminded the young woman. 

Janice turned her head away from Kathy and smiled at Lauren. "Hey, her loss," she said, nodding her head towards her host. She got back to her feet and stripped all of Kathy's clothes completely off, leaving her in just her bra and panties. Janice's hands moved everywhere, caressing and teasing with every touch, starting firestorms all over. Kathy couldn't believe she was being turned on this fast, but she held on, knowing that she'd get her chance soon.

Janice moved behind Kathy, cupping those luscious tits in her hands, feeling the hardened nipples burn against her palms. She kissed her neck, savoring the sweet smell of her perfume, thrilled with the state she knew Kathy must be in.

"She's an animal!" Kathy thought as she felt her nipples being tortured from behind. The worst part for her, though, was the inability to do anything in return. She was forbidden by the rules from touching Jan in any way, shape or form. She was helpless, which only led to turn her on more.

Lauren was keeping a close eye on the clock, seeing that there was less than a minute left until Kathy got her time. Absorbed as she was in the two women standing in the middle of the floor, she never felt Sheri scoot in behind her, her still naked body pressed against her back. She felt fingers pinching her nipples, lips on her neck. "Sorry, but it got me all hot again," Sheri whispered in her ear. "Hope you don't mind..." Lauren chuckled, then gasped as she felt a cool finger hand between her legs. 


Janice had slipped a hand down her stomach, teasing her pussy through the soft cotton material of her panties, thoroughly coating them with her juices. To make matters worse, she was watching Lauren and Sheri go at it on the couch, which just turned her on all the more. Even though Janice hadn't gotten inside of her, Kathy felt herself on the edge of her first orgasm.

With a supreme effort, Lauren managed to keep an eye on the watch. Sheri was doing an excellent job of distracting her, though. When the second hand came around the fifth time, she called out, "OK, switch!"

Janice started to protest, sensing that Kathy was so near an orgasm, but was quickly attacked by Kathy, who had spun around at the first words she heard, pressing her lips against Janice's, immediately slipping her tongue inside of her mouth. Janice was completely out of breath, taken by surprise with Kathy's lust.

Almost instantly, Kathy ripped Janice's skirt off, then tore her blouse off over her head, not wasting any time. Her lips trailed down the younger woman's chest, quickly hovering over one of her tits. She didn't even bother removing her bra, electing instead to just push it up and out of the way for the time being. It was Janice's turn to gasp as Kathy started sucking on her nipples, sending fireworks from her chest to her groin.

Kathy lowered Janice to the carpet, her mouth never leaving her task. Once flat on her back, Janice felt her panties pulled down her legs, then a cool hand cupping her pussy. After being turned on by what she'd simply DONE to Kathy, she was already dripping wet down there. It took little effort for Kathy to find her clit, briskly rubbing it with her forefinger. Janice heard a roaring sound in her ears as her blood rushed through her body, all of her senses overwhelmed by passion. Almost without thought, she felt her body crash over into her first orgasm, her limbs shaking in ecstasy. 

Kathy didn't let up, continuing her dual assault on her nipples and clit, never allowing Janice a moment to relax. To the younger woman's delight and astonishment, she came again in a matter of seconds, her juices flooding Kathy's fingers. Her breathing was now ragged, coming in fits and stops. She could hear herself moaning and groaning non stop now. All thoughts of the contest fled her mind as Kathy took complete control of her body.

Lauren was on the edge of orgasm herself, Sheri's now expert fingers dancing all over her pussy. As Janice crashed through her first two orgasms, Kathy managed to peer at the watch. Four minutes gone. But she knew if she gave Kathy the full fifth minute, the contest would be over before it started. So, to try and even things up, she shouted out, "Time! Switch!" Then, as soon as she finished her words, her orgasm roared through her body, causing her to forget for the moment about anyone else.

Kathy's head whipped around. "There's no WAY that was five minutes already!" she whined, but got little time to argue as Janice sat up, placing her hands on the older woman's chest, then pushing her back to the floor. 

"Too bad! Now it's MY turn!" She didn't waste time teasing or licking Kathy anymore. Instead, she went right to work on Kathy's pussy. Kathy's head rolled back, her eyes closing as her body tensed almost immediately. Janice had had her close to an orgasm before. Now, she plunged full tilt over the edge, her orgasm ripping through her body and mind, searing her senses with erotic pleasure. "Jesus, she knows how to give oral!" Kathy gasped mentally. "Especially as she's never done this with a woman before!" 

Janice was determined to make up the difference, as she knew she was down 2-1. She redoubled her efforts on Kathy's pussy, sucking and lashing her clit in her mouth. Kathy's moans echoed through the room. When she thought she had her going again, Janice slid first one, then two fingers into her friend. She could feel the response, as Kathy's body locked again, orgasm number two nearly numbing her body in its intensity.

Kathy had all she could do to keep on top of her emotions, so powerful had her orgasms been. She'd never experienced anything like this before! Now she knew why Lauren was so into other women! Thinking that, she looked over and saw her best friend frantically fingering Sheri to an orgasm of her own. The watch was lying on the floor, with no one watching it. She tried to yell out for someone to pick it up, when she felt her pussy muscles lock up again, as if with a mind of their own. Her third orgasm was still going as she panted out, "Some...one..get...the...damned...WATCH!"

Lauren's head whipped around just as Sheri came. "OOPS, sorry Kath. Guess I was sort of preoccupied," she giggled. 

Kathy's eyes began to glaze over as she felt Janice quickly bringing her body near another powerful orgasm. "Just look at the time!"

Still giggling, Lauren picked it up and smiled. "Still other thirty seconds, sweetie. Better hang in there."

Kathy groaned in horror, wondering if she could survive another half minute. Janice obviously wasn't going to make it easy, as she redoubled her efforts, her tongue going like a high-speed piston. "Oh God," Kathy thought through a haze. "Hold on just a few more seconds! Just a few more..."

Just as she was about to crest to a 4-2 deficit, Lauren chuckled, "OK, you're turn Kath."

Pulling away as if she'd been burnt, Kathy spun away from Janice and sat panting against Lauren's leg. Janice laughed, Kathy's juices coating her lips. "What's the matter? Give up?"

Kathy's eyes widened in determination. "Fuck you!" In the blink of an eye, she was all over Janice, driving her back to the floor, her tongue lashing Janice like a wild animal. 

Janice was stunned, not believing that anyone could do this to her. Within the first thirty seconds, she came once more, tying the score at 3 all. She attempted to pull away enough to catch her breath, but Kathy clamped her hands onto her thighs, licking deep into her young friend. Almost as soon as she came down from her previous high, her muscles locked up again, her screams filling the room as Kathy pulled ahead 4-3. 

Now on a roll, Kathy decided to use a trick her husband had discovered years ago. Curling her index finger, she started tapping the spot just inside the top of Janice's pussy.

"What the hell is she doing?" Janice wondered in a daze. It almost felt like she was sending Morse code on her insides. She was about to laugh when Kathy pressed steady on the spot, while latching onto her clit like it was candy. Janice's eyes went wide, and her body locked up as a torrid orgasm started at her feet, ran to her head, then back down yet again. Without thinking, she began fondling her breasts, urging the incredibly strong feelings on. Lost in a sexual stupor, she had no idea how long or how many orgasms she was going through. It was only when Kathy sat back, juices coating her chin, a huge smile on her face, that she looked over at Lauren. 

"What happened?" she stammered, her whole body weak.

"I've never seen anything like it, Jan. It was like she'd stuck a live electrical wire into your body. You could be a porno star with the show you put on."

She threw her hand over her eyes and sighed, still feeling the unbelievable sensations that had paralyzed her. "What's the score?"

Lauren shook her head. "Well, as far as I was able to keep track, you're now down 7-3."

"THREE orgasms!!" she said, unable to believe her ears.

"In about two minutes. Guess you must have liked what Kath was doing, huh?"

"LIKED? I've never felt anything like it!" She looked over at Kathy. "Where did you learn that?"

"Blame it on Bob. He read it in a magazine, and drove me nuts for an entire night. I've never come like that in my life. As you know first hand."

Janice chuckled. "Damned right. So, I guess I lost?"

Sheri lay on the couch, her head perched in her hand. "Not by a long shot. You've still got ten minutes left of that sixty-nine. Unless you want to concede..."

"Not on your life!" She looked at Kathy. "So, who gets top?"

It was Lauren who answered. " Kathy does. I doubt you could hold yourself up for that long, after what she just did."

"Fine by me," Kathy stated, crawling over until she was facing Janice's pussy, her ass over the other's woman's face. "Ready when you are, seeing as how I've never done this."

As Janice grabbed hold of her thighs, Lauren said, "Never?? Oh, then you're in trouble being on top, girlfriend."

"Why?" Kathy asked. But before she got an answer, Janice latched onto her clit, determined to take charge. Kathy's eyes immediately glazed over in lust. The feelings coursing through her were intense. Lauren knelt down next to her.

"Because, sweetie, whoever's on top has to not only support their own weight..." Kathy let loose a groan that shook her body. Quickly, the score was 7-4. "As I was saying, everything of yours is hanging down, making the blood rush to your nipples and your pussy. It's a BIG advantage to be on bottom," she finished with a grin.

"YOU BITCH! You couldn't tell me that first?" Kathy nearly screamed. Suddenly, she felt Lauren taking a nipple between her fingers, twisting it back and forth. Kathy KNEW that was her weak spot, and came almost immediately, making it 7-6. "This is why Bob loves me on top!" she marveled mentally.

"Have fun, sweetie," Lauren grinned. "But be careful, you COULD fall behind fast..."

As if startled from a deep sleep, she forgot all about Lauren and put her face down between Janice's legs. But before she could do much, she felt a finger start to caress her exposed asshole. Bob had never been into that, so she was shocked to find that it was a major turn-on for her. Janice lapped and sucked at her swollen pussy lips, driving the older woman nearly out of her mind. Then, without any warning, she felt that finger slip into her bottom. She squealed and came again. 7-6.
