 I am on my back in her bed: soft mattress, soft sheets, soft pillows, soft and hard her-muscle, gentle-my eyes follow the curve of the brawn in her arms, beneath her bronze(d) skin. She is holding herself up looking at me, her hair loose, the curls a curtain, a separate heaven of both of our faces. She is worried that I might not be strong enough, even though as a fighter she's seen women smaller than me break the faces of women her size, she thinks I am somehow delicate. She pauses as though I am an orchid.

I wrap my legs around her waist. The ocean under skin ripples at my touch. The tattoos on my thighs flash in the candlelight as I pull her towards me. Core to core, I pull her, so she knows that I am nothing but a wanton little strawberry blossom and gives in to my lust.

I want her to crush me. I want her to absorb me.

I want to feel every inch of her pleasure as she comes on my fingers, on my thigh, on my face, in my mouth. Oh, but her strong, supple, silken fingers are twisting and caressing, are seeking out of the southernmost tip of my heart.

She kisses me and I groan into her mouth. She holds my hands above my head and my legs, still spread around her, snake against her ass. I am so wet. But I am not here for my pleasure. Her pleasure is what I am here for. Her pleasure is my pleasure. Oh, but her tongue is so deft and I have wanted her for so long.

"Roll over for me, Querida? Will you do that for me?" I whisper in her ear after licking my way up her neck.

She pauses again with my nipple in her mouth. One quick flick with her tongue and she is laying in the space that I have made warm, our sweat commingling, the scent of her exciting me, making me understand for the first time bloodlust, making me feel like the tiger she once said I was.

She is so beautiful: luxurious and hard-won. Suede and silk and steel too. I press myself against her, my mound against her ripe ass. I want to fuck her dirty and hard. 

I rock against her and she giggles. "Little One I have toys for that. And I bet you'd look so cute too, wearing a cock."

Even now she teases me, pokes at me, and this is why I love her. Because and despite my best efforts, this is love. We can fuck later, right now I want to show her love.

I trail my fingers over her skin. I surf the waves of her; I kiss, nibble, and lick the tidal beauty of her. She sighs and relaxes. I worship her ass: kissing and licking until it is so sensitive that the slightest touch makes her shiver. I kiss the hollows of her knees, down her calves, take my time caressing and sucking her toes. With her toes in my mouth I trail my fingers slowly up her inner thighs getting closer and closer to her cunt, but never touching. She purrs and shifts to try and get more contact.

I release her toes from my mouth with a pop, both silly and satisfying, and return again to her sensitive ass as my fingers return to teasing her inner thighs. Her sighs and shivers turn into gasps and moans. I part the seashell of her cunt slowly with my fingers as I begin to rim her. My nose between her ass cheeks and my tongue swirling around her rosebud. She bucks but I am prepared and ride her out as her moans increase. I am gentle with her ass but as she begin to push back, to fuck me, I increase the speed in her cunt. Two fingers, three. Four fingers. I flex them and swirl, and suddenly she is up on her hands and knees and fucking me back with abandon. She is talking now, in Spanish-I imagine it's terribly filthy and the thought of that makes me shiver with desire-whipping the curls of her hair as a small pool of sweat forms on her back.

Right when she's at her apex I slow my rhythm and she flat out curses me in all of the languages she knows. My nipples harden and my clit swells. I have never been this aroused before. She is so primal, both sea and land: some believe that tsunamis are cause by oceanic volcanos and that is what she is right now.

I take a long swallow of cold water to keep her waiting for just a moment and to steady myself.

I want her so badly my hands are shaking.

"I want you to come on my tongue, Querida. I want to taste you. I have waited so long to taste you. Please."

There are curls now forming a halo around her face and she, realizing that she has been in control this whole time, smiles.

"Si quieres. But don't keep me waiting too long, Little One."

She is sweet and sweaty when I crawl between her legs.

"One second, let me adjust. I want to see you."

She sets up the pillows so that she is propped up and idly plays with her perfect pink nipples.

She tastes like the ocean at sunrise. I pour every inch of the two years of love and desire that I have into her. I follow her moans. She relaxes and tightens around me, pulling me deeper, willing herself to greater pleasure before finally she grabs me, her fingers in my hair sending electric sparks straight to my cunt and grinding herself in slow, delicate circles on my face. She comes like dawn. I lay between her legs, gently cleaning her, letting her come down but wanting more, wanting to do it again, wanting to be here always.

She draws me up to her and kisses deeply. Commandingly in they way I like. She twists my nipple and without any ceremony plunges three fingers into me. She spreads me, fills me, owns me, and I moan.

"Now I'm going fuck you, Little One. I'm going to fuck you just the way you want."

She bites me and pushes me down on my back, pushes her thigh against me and the friction adds the right amount of roughness and I am so close.

Suddenly she is gone and I whimper.

She comes back with a smirk and a medium sized box.

"You look so beautiful covered in me." She grins. "I bought you this present."

"Dear... I. You didn't have to."

"I know. I've been buying them for you for some time now. I never thought we'd get to use them."

"I love you, you know?"

"For years, Little One. I've known." The box is filled with leather cuffs, nipple clamps, a leather paddles, and various other sensation toys. "I love you, too."

"Maple syrup."

"What?"

"That's my safe-word."

She smiles, "That's two words." She takes the leather cuffs out of the box and trails her fingers from my forearm to my wrist and makes me shudder in the best possible way. "We have a long night ahead of us Little One, and don't come until I say when."