 Claire watches the woman sitting next to her with a smile on her lips and remembers the first time they met. Her eyes show the love she feels for Jane right now.

Jane's watching her every move. "What?" she asks, jerking Claire back to reality.

"Sorry. Just remembering," Claire responds with a shrug of the shoulders.

She places a hand on Jane's knee. The soft fabric of the jeans welcome her touch.

"I'm glad you're here," Claire says, locking gazes with her.

"Finally, huh?" Jane replies with a chuckle before covering Claire's hand with her own. "I can't believe we did it. We're actually living together!"

Claire beams. "We are!" she screams before putting her free arm around Jane's shoulders. "It's good to have you as a room-mate, dear."

Jane smiles and leans into Claire's embrace. "Ditto."

Claire rests her temple against Jane's and sighs in contemptment.

It has been a long time since they first met. For one of those inexplicable but perfect twists in fate, they both visited the same bar the same night. They talked for hours and hours. They had a lot in common, they found out. Therefore, they exchanged email adresses and phone numbers and promised to keep in touch.

They kept to their word. And now, 382 days, 4895 emails, 5387 text messages, 649 hours on the phone with each other, 26 movies, 58 lunches, and innumerable laughs later, they are finally living together. Their friendship grew strong enough as to go for it in a short period of time.

Jane turns her head and plants a kiss on Claire's cheek, making her blush. She doesn't move her lips away. Not even when Claire turns her own head to make their lips meet. They might be shocked at first, but none of them says a thing. Instead, they close their eyes and let things flow.

They both give in to the kiss, moving their lips in unison. Claire moves the hand that was resting on Jane's knee up her thigh and towards her friend's pussy. Jane shivers as her hand is moved by Claire's and raises her other hand to cup her cheek.

Slowly, she lowers her hand down Claire's cheek, tracing down her jaw, her neck, and finally cupping one of her breasts. Claire's breath stops for a second and she parts her lips, freezing the kiss.

Jane moves to nibble her neck before straightening her back to remove her own shirt. She's left kneeling on the couch, so she ceases the occasion to move one leg to the other side of Claire's body.

Claire is watching her every move with an approving smile, and when Jane's breasts are right in front of her face, Claise bites and licks at the soft cloth of the black bra that covers them. Jane moans and grabs her by the back of the head, pushing her gently further towards her in a way that can only be interpreted as encouragement. Claire wastes no time and, while still working on Jane's left breast, she reaches around to undo Jane's bra.

Jane groans as Claire takes it off and moves to, once again, suck and bite gently but hungrily at Jane's breasts. She cups her other breast and pinches her nipple gently.

After a while, she moves to do the same to Jane's right breast while her friend makes delighted noises.

Jane parts to take off Claire's white blouse and smirks lustfully when she sees her friend was not wearing a bra. She squeezes her breasts gently while leaning down to kiss her once more on the lips. Claire's hands move around to her back and down to cup her ass.

Jane ceases the occasion to trace her hands down and take advantage of the fact that her friend is wearing a short skirt. She sneaks a hand between her thighs and finds Claire's underwear, which is already wet. Moving it to a side, she traces her lips with one finger. Claire moans, and Jane slowly inserts one digit in her friend's wet cavity.

Claire leans into the touch, and shortly after Jane inserts a second digit with a come-hither form, slowly moving in and out of her and rubbing time after time her most sensitive spot. In the meantime, Claire undoes Jane's pants and lowers them to reveal a black lace thong with a small red ribbon. She licks her lips and lowers them too. Jane shivers.

Shortly afterwards, Jane moves her other hand inside of her friend's skirt and begins to rub at her clit in a circular motion with two fingers. Claire screams when she loses it after a few rougher touches. Her friend rides off the orgasm with her fingers and, once it's done, she removes them. 

Claire picks Jane up in her arms, and her friend puts her legs around Claire's waist. Claire lowers them both to lay on the couch. She straightens up to remove Jane's pants and underwear fully, and she stops to delight herself with the view before her: her beautiful, black haired friend with the green eyes, the full lips, and the sexy smile, is blushed, fully exposed, and craving for her touch. Claire smiles and kisses her lover passionately.

She then proceeds to trace her way down her neck, between her breasts, down her stomach, and further down, to the parted legs, with a questing tongue and love-filled kisses. She plants one kiss on each inner thigh and then sneaks her tongue out to taste Jane's wetness. She tastes of lust and love.

She lets her tongue trace her lips a few times, stopping to lick and suck at her clit before inserting it into her pussy. Inside of her, she moves it in circles and deeper, as far as she can go. Jane is shivering and moaning, asking for more.

Jane reaches down to rub her clit but Claire removes her tongue from inside of her and tsks, pinning her wrists to either side of her beautiful, naked body.

"We have all afternoon, Janey. Let me do my job."

With that, she begins once again to suck at her, lick her, and eventually pinch Jane's clit between her teeth. Jane raises her hips towards her, and she buries her tongue deeper, increases her speed and her strength, until Jane is not able to take it anymore and gives way to her orgasm with one loud moan. Claire licks her sweet juices before raising herself to rest on top of her lover and kiss her lips.

Jane moans again between deep breaths when she feels her taste inside of Claire's mouth.

Tangled in each other's arms, they both drift to sleep with a smile on their faces and a promise of a tomorrow.