 I'm so scared. I'm a good girl from the Midwest and here I am trying to decide what to wear for a meeting with a friend I met on the internet about three years ago. I'm 67 years old and should be sitting around with grandchildren on my lap and sipping lemonade through a straw while sitting on my front porch swing. But I was lonely and so I had gone to my computer to find at least a girlfriend to go to movies with or out to lunch. I had filled out so many dating site forms in the past 3 years that my computer filled the information in automatically now. 

I've had s few sexual experiences in between marriages with a few off the wall people but this was different. This wasn't a party where you got drunk and let down your inhibitions. This was a planned-know-what-you're-walking-into sex...with a woman. 

I've been with a woman once before but this time was just different. It was in a group 4 some and was many many years ago when I was much younger and trimmer. 

I tried on my red dress for the 3rd time and decided just to go with it. Emily and I had talked on the net several times and she seemed to be quite genuine, but....? Oh Katye, stop trying to second guess everything. I'm always talking to myself. I rarely get the answers I want. Anyway, Emily was going to be here any minute and I needed to be ready. So quit getting worked up and enjoy lunch. (Shut up!)

The doorbell rang twice before I could move to the door. I got up and answered it. There stood Emily. She's' young, (early 40's), and slender. I grab my purse and tell my husband I'm leaving. He gets up and comes into the foyer to meet Emily. Emily greets him with a warm smile and then says we better go because she was supposed to pick up her 20 year old daughter, Amy, from her gym session. Amy is a health nut and starts off almost every day at the gym. I start mine with a cup of coffee. 

We get in the car and Emily pats my knee and smiles at me. 

"Don't be so up tight, Katye," she chided. 

"We're going to have fun today and I just know you are going to love Amy." "You are everything I thought you would be and your husband is adorable. Tall but adorable." 

I laugh nervously. "Yes he is." 

Don and I had met a year ago on the net and married within 4 months. I adore him and he idolizes me. We were soul mates but I had a dark side to me. Like an itch that needed scratched occasionally. 

I knew from talking to Emily for the past 3 years that she was "bi". We had joked around about it but she said she would respect me. I just wasn't sure what her definition of the word 'respect' was. We stopped and picked up Amy. She was a tall, very slender young woman clad in a jogging suit with her hair up in a long pony tail. She hopped in the back seat and we headed for their house. It was a pretty little home with a pool in the back yard.

As soon as we got inside, I put my purse down on the couch and sat down. Emily ask me if I wanted something to drink. It was 9:30 in the morning so I said coffee would be fine. Emily went into the kitchen to fix it and Amy headed upstairs to shower and change clothes. I got up and went into the kitchen with Emily. There was a center island with bar stools, so I picked one out and sat down. 

Emily made small talk and so did I...the weather, the state of the country, our kids. Emily sat my coffee down in front of me and leaned over and kissed me...on the mouth...OMG. How am I supposed to respond to that. I didn't have long to decide. Emily moved around in front of me and pushed my legs apart..all the while kissing me and checking my mouth out with her tongue. Our tongues dancing and getting acquainted. She wiggled up against me and held the back of my head with one hand while her other hand brushed down my arm and then slid up next to my breast.

She rubbed my nipple thru my shirt and my body responded by perking up and pushing toward her fingers wanting a more intimate contact with her hand. 

I started to pull back but she moved out of my mouth long enough to say "don't! It's been too long and you are mine today." 

She pulled my head back to her and went back to kissing my mouth, my eyes, my ears and nibbling on my neck. She took one of my hands and placed it on her breast and it felt wonderful. "'Play with me", she mumbled into my mouth. I did as I was told. Her hands moved inside my blouse and began twisting and playing with my nipples. Then she squeeze my nipple hard, pushed my blouse out the way, leaned down and took one nipple in her mouth and flicked her tongue over it. She started sucking on my breast and I continued to play with hers. She groaned and I squeezed harder, pinching the nipple and felt it harden under my hand.

Emily ordered me to stand up and as I did she pulled my slacks down. I helped her and she started fingering my pussy through my silk panties. I was so wet and her fingers on my pussy sent shivers through me like lightning bolts. 

She suggested we move into the living room onto the couch. She took my hand and led the way. I followed. It was as if I was in a daze. Almost hypnotized. She said to sit down and as I did I saw Amy on the stairs watching us. Emily had moved around behind me on the couch and rubbing my arms sensually, she pulled my arms gently behind me and before I knew it, she had handcuffed me. Amy ask from the stairs, "need some help, mom". "Sure you can do her feet. Amy came over and tied my feet apart with rope that had been under the couch and was attached to the couch. I was totally helpless. And now her daughter was involved. What was I thinking? 

Emily removed all her clothes and pulled me to the edge of on the couch. She got down between my legs and hspread my pussy lips apart. She pulled me to the edge of the couch. 

"You are gonna love this, just relax." she whispered. 

Then I felt Amy putting a blindfold on me. 

I ask why the blindfold and she said "do I need to gag you too?". 

"No" I whispered,my voice wavering a little. 

I flinched when I felt what I assumed was Emily spread my pussy lips again and then I felt her tongue on my clit. I nearly had an orgasm right there. She licked and sucked and I tried to cry out to stop but I couldn't get enough breathe to say anything. I was bucking and thrashing in rhythm to her fingers. I cried out to Emily that I felt like I was ready to cum but she ordered me not to. 

Then someone was standing over me on the couch. I felt her guide my face to her pussy squeezing my head with her legs. Was that Amy? I couldn't see. 

Emily said "Lick me like I'm licking you." And I did. 

Whoever it was ground their pussy into my face like she was masturbating on my mouth. I licked and sucked and felt her stiffen and then her sex juices poured over my face. Emily had found that spot in me that caused me to twitch and jerk and then I screamed through the most awesome orgasm I had ever had. 

She got up and took my blindfold off and said "now my turn."

She moved up to my breast sucking on them again with her incredible mouth. She told Amy to loosen the ropes on my feet and laid me back on the couch and straddling my face.

I was confused. Was that Emily or Amy I had been "doing" OMG..a mom and daughter? When Emily finally exploded into my mouth, she got up and ask me if I was ok?

I said "I think so" and they both laughed. 

Emily unlocked the handcuffs. 

Amy stood up and said "there's a bathroom upstairs with clean towels, a shower and a set of sweats if you need them. I bought them especially for you Grandma." 

Amy had been calling me Grandma for the 3 years I had known Emily. "When you finish, I want to dance for you, Grandma, and you tell me if you think I'm good enough for the upcoming competition." 

I smiled and said "I'd love that". 

I sat there on the couch next to Emily and she reached up and brushed my hair out of my face. 

"That was very good but I have some big girl toys upstairs and I think we need to go to my bedroom and really have fun". I have a girlfriend, Katye. I'd really like to call her and have her come over to meet you."

I hugged her and said "I'm game but let me clean up first." 

We laughed together and I went upstairs quite satisfied with how the day was turning out. I was still wondering who did what to who. But did it really matter? 

  NOT THE END!