 My life was crashing down around my head. Luckily I got out of an abusive marriage, but in order to get out safely I had to give up everything I had. Oh, he let me have my clothes and some personal items. The only good part was that I got a permanent restraining order against him with a court mandated two year sentence for any violation.

I should have been happy but I am living at the YWCA, have to walk or take a bus to work and am making minimum wage at my job as a sales clerk. 

At 35 years of age, I had managed to keep fit. The YMCA has a pretty good facility and I started my first day of exercise. After doing twenty minutes on the treadmill at five miles per hour, I took a short breather and got on the Stairmaster. I looked into the mirrored walls and watched as I pumped the stair master as hard as I could. My ass was hard enough to bounce quarters off of, my breasts were a solid C cup and they were real. I didn't look bad for an old broad. Most of the tenants at the YWCA were much younger than I and it was fun to watch them work out. They wore the cutest little outfits and strutted around like they owned the place. 

Me, I had on a cut off pair of sweatpants and a sleeveless matching sweatshirt with a sports bra underneath. As I admired my body as it glistened in the overhead lighting I was interrupted by a sharp yell.

"Help me, will someone please help me?"

I turned and saw a young woman about 20 on the bench trying to lift 125 pounds off of her chest. I jumped off the Stairmaster and ran to her. I took hold of the bar and pulled it off her and put it back on the rack.

"Oh God, thank you so much," she said, "My name is Monica, can I buy you a sports drink?"

I smiled at Monica and said, "My name is Naomi, you don't have to buy me anything, I was glad to help you."

"Well, I will think of some way to repay you." Monica said, "I just need to figure out how to work with free weights. I want to get as toned as you look and I keep fouling up."

"I like to work with free weights and would be glad to give you a few pointers."

This conversation turned into a full out training regimen with me tutoring Monica on how to work with free weights. After the workout we went to the communal shower.

I caught Monica looking at my body with admiration. She wasn't aware that I saw her and she continued to look at me as I was rinsing the soap off my body.

Monica took her washcloth and soaped it up. She looked right at me and started washing between her legs very sensuously. 

I didn't know how to react so I looked her in the eye and gave her my nicest smile. There might have been a little nod between us, I don't remember. 

Monica had a wonderful body. She had perky B cup breasts, flat six pack abs, and an ass to die for and she had a Brazilian on her blond bush.

I hadn't realized that I was looking her over like a piece of meat, but she did and it seemed that she liked it. She walked over to me slowly and said, "Naomi, you are a very beautiful woman and I feel that we just had a moment that I would like to turn into more than just a moment."

She nestled herself closer to me and pushed her wet body against mine. Our breasts were touching and she pressed closer, moving from side to side. Our nipples were getting hard. Not sure what I should do, I leaned down and kissed her gently on the lips.

She kissed me back and we pushed closer together rubbing our bodies together. Monica's tongue darted in-between my lips and we began to French kiss. Our tongues were rolling round in each other's mouth. My hand was already on one of Monica's breasts. I tweaked her nipple between my fingers and she moaned. She kissed me harder and put her hand between my legs. She slowly inserted a finger into my aching hole. I hadn't had sex for the last six months and I didn't care that my first since the divorce would be a woman, a young and beautiful woman at that.

Monica had two fingers in me and was pumping my pussy feverously. She slid her thumb against my clitoris and softly rubbed it side to side, up and down and then pushed the little button hard. 

I was breathing heavily and whispered, "What if we get caught?"

Monica didn't answer; she just dropped to her knees and pushed me gently against the shower wall. The hot water was raining down on us making this even more enjoyable. Monica lifted one of my legs and snuggled her head in-between them. She spread my pussy lips to the side and put her tongue into me as deep as she could get it. She worked in and out a little and then concentrated on my clit. It took only a few more seconds for me to explode into orgasmic ecstasy. Monica had to hold me from slipping to the floor on the wet tiles.

Everything was a blur, I don't know what transpired during the next several minutes, but I found myself in Monica's room on a heart shaped king sized bed with throw pillows and sex toys scattered all about. I could feel Monica's soft skin against mine as she licked my nipples.

"Do you like this?" Monica asked.

"I like all of this, Monica. I never thought being with a woman could be so exciting and satisfying. Show me how to be a lesbian." I said.

Monica laughed heartedly, "I don't think that's possible. You either are or you aren't. Let's just enjoy each other and see where it goes."

She lifted her head and kissed me softly. Her tongue slipped into my mouth and her hands kneaded by aching breasts. I slid my hand between her legs and began to work her vagina with my fingers. She was getting wet now so I pushed two fingers into her. She moaned slightly and I worked her clitoris gently.

Monica pulled apart from me and turned, putting her head between my legs. I did the same to her and we began feasting on each other's pussy. Tongues thrashing and fingers probing, we worked into a frenzy.

"Fuck my ass Naomi," Monica yelled. "Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me," she continued. I forced a finger into her ass as I slurped her pussy. She did the same to me and we propelled into another orgasm.

Monica and I lay there, our bodies entwined. I went to her pussy again and lightly licked her clit gently but firmly. 

Monica had reached for a vibrator they called a rabbit. It had a protrusion on it that would stimulate your clit while pumping your hole and it vibrated.

She slid it into me and turned it on low. It began to vibrate and she pushed it in deeper. She fucked me with it while working the protrusion onto my clit. She turned the vibrator on full blast and I nearly jumped off the bed. She fucked me and I sucked her for all we were worth. We came almost simultaneously.

We only rested for a few minutes before Monica got off the bed. She retrieved a bottle of lube and a large double dong dildo that looked like it was way too much for either of us to handle. 

When she returned to the bed she worked lube into me and on one end of the dildo. She worked it in and out and around, pushing it deeper with each manipulation. When she had almost half of it inside me, she lubed herself and her end of the rubber cock.

We were facing in opposite directions. She put the dildo inside her and pushed it deep into her. We began to push at each other, driving the huge cock into us. We fucked each other with wild abandonment. 

"Fuck me, fuck me, you mother fucker!" Monica yelled.

I pumped as hard as I could and started yelling, "Oh fuck my cunt, you fucking whore. Fuck me more. Put your fingers in my ass you fucking cunt. I want more!"

We fucked each other for ten minutes until we came. I came first and then Monica. 

As I lay there with my new friend I knew that I was going to enjoy living at the Y.