 For those who have been following the friends' saga, thanks for hanging in there, and for most of the comments. Again -- fair warning -- this is written as more of a love story than a graphic sexual romp. 

***** 

Both Jess and Karen took turns leading the way to the lake, with no sign of their cowboys. As the long hike began to take its toll on their bodies, they were forced to focus less on each other, and concentrated instead on stepping along the rocky trail. They relaxed together on a single bench overlooking the scenic lake, and shared sandwiches, grapes and cheese. They decided to avoid the wine, choosing instead to hydrate with spring water. 

As they worked their way back, each carefully avoided any flirtation, and instead they chatted about movies, music and the ongoing drama at the diner. When they reached the rocky decline, they chose not to hold hands and instead gripped the trees as they worked their way down. Finally reaching the parking lot, they dropped their backpacks into the trunk before pulling out and returning to Jess' apartment. 

"Thanks again for loaning me the shorts," Jess said as they reached her apartment. 

Karen thought to herself, "The pleasure was all mine," but instead she said, "Of course, that's what friends are for, right?" 

"Right. Well, I'll drop them in the wash and get them back to you along with the other stuff. Want to grab a bite tonight? I have some leftover ziti." 

"Sounds good, Jess. I may have to take a nap first. What time are you thinking?" 

"Later is fine, maybe seven-ish?" 

"Ok, it's a date... I'll bring the wine... See you at seven," Karen said as she popped the trunk for Jess to retrieve the backpack, quickly regretting calling it a "date." She took one last look at Jess in her short shorts and bit her lip, relieved to have survived the temptation yet again. She drove away, anxious for a hot shower and a short power nap. 

Although Karen was exhausted, she struggled to sleep after her shower, torn between the risk of submitting to her growing desire, and maintaining her oldest friendship. She knew something had be resolved either way; otherwise, she faced the prospect of unending sleepless nights. So it was either suppress her desires, end the friendship, or force the issue. She freshened up, knowing that she needed an answer either way. 

Looking in her closet, she reached for a blouse and jeans, which - other than leggings or sweats -was her typical attire for a casual night with her best friend. As she pulled the blouse from the hanger, she spotted her "go to" strapless black dress, which brought back memories of compliments and lustful stares the last time she wore it out dancing. 

As out of character as it was for her, she remembered how sexy and desired it made her feel, if just for one night out on the town. She remembered feeling that it was more than a couple of inches too short, but heard comments about her gorgeous legs throughout the evening. 

What if she wore it to Jess' apartment, she wondered. Would she get a similar reaction from her friend? She envisioned sitting across from Jess in her living room, gauging her body language as she slowly parted her thighs. The dress was so short that it wouldn't take much to give Jess a glimpse of her panties -- or would she go without panties and give her an unobstructed view of her exposed mound? How would she react? 

Deciding that it was way too risky, and could easily backfire, she went with her initial choice -- a flannel blouse over a soft cotton tank top, jeans and tan sketchers over comfortable fuzzy socks. She briefly considered wearing her French-cut black satin panties with a touch of lace at the waistband, but in keeping with her "comfort" motif, she picked a pair of plain canary yellow cotton Hanes panties. She decided that a bra was unnecessary under the tank and flannel -- which was one benefit of being smaller up top. 

She looked in the mirror. Perfect, she thought. Casually sexy, but not over the top. She spent the next half hour preparing her hair and decided on a minimal amount of makeup. No ponytail tonight. She wondered if Jess would be attracted to a "butch" look or a more feminine appearance. Catching herself, she realized that she already assumed that the attraction was mutual! How embarrassing it would be if it wasn't, Karen thought. 

To quell her discomfort, she poured herself a generous shot of tequila, and reached for a full bottle of merlot to take with her for her "date" across town. She dropped her toiletries, a pair of leggings and panties into her overnight bag, just in case -- before leaving the home for her adventure/date. 

Driving there, she suppressed the urge to turn around at nearly every traffic light, but she knew that she needed to press on, for her sanity's sake. Despite the shot of tequila, she found herself shaking with nerves as she parked in Jess' apartment complex. She slowly walked to the front door and rang the bell. 

"Come in," she heard Jess yell from the other side of the door. She entered and looked around, placing the wine bottle on the kitchen counter. 

"It's me. I'll pour us some wine," Karen said, knowing how badly she needed it to calm her nerves. 

"Ok, I'll just be a minute, ok?" The shaky voice came from the bathroom down the hall. 

Karen stood at the kitchen counter, quickly downing the merlot and hoping it would calm her nerves. She poured a glass for Jess as she heard the bathroom door open, and Jess came around the corner. 

Karen stood in front of the kitchen island, shifting her weight from her left to her right foot as she held the glass, as if waiting with anticipation to meet a blind date. 

Jess looked at her friend, from head to toe, and Karen did the same before they both burst out in laughter, realizing that their attire was virtually identical once again. Jess was in a burgundy flannel, while Karen's blouse was blue with grey undertones. Both had white tank tops underneath, with sleeves folded up just below the elbows. A rarity, neither had their hair in ponytails. 

"Ok, this is really getting creepy," Karen said as she handed Jess a glass of wine. "What are we, twins now?" 

"Well, we either both have great taste or bad taste in fashion, I guess," Jess said as she sipped. 

Karen slipped her sketchers off and dropped them by the door. "That feels better. Now we REALLY look like twins!" Both giggled as they looked down at their fuzzy socks. 

"Are you hungry? The ziti is ready." They moved to the kitchen, and Jess prepared Karen's meal. 

"Grab a seat, Karen. I'll be right in." Jess brought the plates to her along with the dinner rolls and they sat down to eat. 

Jess sipped her wine, commenting that she already had a glass before Karen arrived. 

"Me too, plus a shot of tequila." Karen admitted to her friend. "I already feel warm!" 

"Well, you can always crash here if you think you had too much. I get the bed though," Jess said. 

"Hey, from what I remember, we both fit on that the other night, didn't we?" 

"Oh my God, you're right," Jess said. "And from what I remember, you're a blanket hog!" 

"That's not how I remember it," Karen laughed. "Anyway, I won't drink too much. The ziti looks great, by the way." 

"This may sound really silly, but do you mind if I say a prayer?" 

"Of course not," Jess said, putting her glass down. Karen reached out both hands while offering a prayer. 

"Lord, bless the food we're about to eat, and thank you Lord for bringing us close friendships. Please watch over us as we explore life together, and help us to make good choices in friends, in lovers and in life. It's all these things in Jesus' name we pray, Amen." 

"That was beautiful Karen," Jess said. "I didn't realize that you were so spiritual, or that Jesus doubles as a matchmaker." 

"Well, it doesn't hurt to ask, right? One more glass of wine and I'll be a freakin' prophet," Karen said, and they both laughed. 

"To close friends -- may we never part," Jess toasted, clinking Karen's glass. 

"To close friends," Karen repeated, reaching out to hold Jess hand for a second, before releasing it and grabbing a dinner roll. 

"This is great, Jess. Did you make it from scratch?" 

"Um, not even close. I don't give away secrets, but believe me, it's nothing special." 

They sipped their wine, making small talk before Jess, stood, saying, "Oh jeez, I almost forgot." 

She walked into the kitchen and returned with a match and the Yankee Candle, lighting it and placing it on the table between them. 

"How romantic!" Karen giggled kiddingly. 

"Would it be weird to put music on?" 

"That's fine, Jess. Whatever you would like." 

Jess docked in her iPod and picked a soft rock station as they finished their meal. They finished and Karen helped to clear the table, stubbing her small toe on the edge of the kitchen island. 

"Ouch, Dammit!" 

"What's wrong, Karen?" 

"Shit, I stubbed my little toe!" 

"Oh no. I hate when that happens. Well, have a seat on the couch and I'll be with you right after I take care of these dishes." 

Karen stretched her left leg across the couch and leaned back against the side of the sofa. Jess retrieved their drinks and placed them on the coffee table before sitting down on the other side of the sofa across from Karen. She reached out to place Karen's foot in her lap and gently removed her sock. She tenderly touched the toes, asking, "Where does it hurt, Karen?" 

"Right...THERE! Owe!" Jess held her foot like a wounded bird in both hands, calmly saying, "It's ok, but it's not looking like you'll be dancing tonight!" 

Karen rested her left leg on the sofa while her right foot remained on the floor. She reached for her wine and sipped while Jess worked, slowly massaging her friend's bare foot. 

"I still think I could dance," Karen said quietly, extending her leg deeper into Jess' lap. 

Jess reached for her glass and sipped while holding Karen's foot with the other. 

"Well, maybe a slow one," Jess said quietly, glancing over at her friend. 

"Is that an offer?" 

"Don't you wish," Jess giggled. "Let me get some ice for you." 

"No, it's ok. I think it's fine, really." 

Karen looked down, buzzed already - and casually lifted her other leg onto Jess' lap as they relaxed. 

"It's funny how much something so tiny can hurt so much, isn't it?" 

"Yeah, but it feels ok now. I feel like such a wimp," Karen giggled as she watched Jess. 

"Are you sure? It looks really red. Remember 'This little piggy went to the market'," Jess asked quietly as she focused on Karen's foot, gently touching her big toe. 

"Yeah, vaguely," Karen said as her other foot shifted in Jess' lap, with her stockinged heel pressed just above her groin. Both reached to sip their wine at the same time. 

Jess looked at her friend as she gently touched each toe, working her way from the big one to the fourth toe, wiggling them as she went. 

"And this little piggy went 'wee wee wee' all the way home," she said as she gazed at the swollen toe. She was careful not to touch it as she said it, instead lifting Karen's foot and leaning down to give her baby toe a light kiss. 

"There, all better now," she whispered. 

Just that small act led to a flash of heat within Karen. No one had ever been so tender with her, and she almost wanted Jess to continue kissing her there. Briefly considering shifting her foot to her friend's soft lips, instead she withdrew it slightly, and Jess relaxed her grip, allowing the foot to rest again on her lap. 

They sat there quietly, listening to the music in awkward silence. Jess reached for Karen's loose sock and gently placed it back on her foot, taking care not to touch her baby toe. 

"Thanks, Jess." 

"Sure," she responded, and slid from under Karen's relaxing legs. Karen reluctantly pulled them up, bending at the knee and no longer nestled in Jess' comfortable lap. Now separated on the couch by a couple of feet, each was suddenly left with nothing to say. 

As a tacky eighties song ended, Foreigner played next. 

"Oh, I used to LOVE this song," Karen commented as the group sang, I wanna know what love is...I want you to show me... 

"Well, I already asked you to dance, but you rejected me," Jess kidded. 

Biting her lip, Karen looked at her friend, pulse racing, and took a chance. 

Karen hesitated before looking into her friend's eyes and saying quietly, "Ask me again?" 

"May I have this dance, Karen?" Jess giggled nervously, still kidding. 

Karen placed her wine glass on the table and stood, holding her hand out to her friend. Jess stared at her hand, paused for a few seconds before placing her glass down and reaching out as she slowly rose, almost mesmerized. Taking Karen's hand, she felt herself being led to the center of the small living room. 

"Here?" 

Karen nodded, and dropped Jess' hand as they began swaying to the music. 

Foreigner: I'm gonna take a little time, a little time to look around me... I've got nowhere left to hide, looks like love has finally found me... 

As the friends swayed slowly, each avoided the other's eyes, instead focusing on hip and leg movements. Karen felt surprise as Jess reached back out to hold her hand and they finally made eye contact as they continued to sway to the slow song. Now, lightly holding hands -- Karen's left hand in Jess' right -- they naturally swayed closer. 

"Don't you just love this song?" 

"It's beautiful, Karen. You're right," Jess said through half-closed eyes as they moved to the rhythm. 

Karen hesitated before reaching out with her right hand, and closing it around Jess' index finger on her left hand, naturally moving them within inches of the other. 

Let's talk about love -- I want to know what love is, I want you to show me... 

Jess allowed Karen to hold her hand, and leaned in, just as Karen took a short step closer. Their knees bumped and they giggled nervously, before Karen positioned her right leg just slightly between Jess' legs as they continued to sway. 

Feeling their thighs now pressing together, Karen let out a slight sigh. 

"Sorry, Jess." 

"For what?" Jess asked quietly. 

"Um, nothing. It's just... This feels so... nice." 

Jess lightly pressed against Karen as she whispered, "Yeah, it really does." 

They swayed together, bodies now touching lightly from chest to thigh, with each hearing heavier breathing from the other. The song stopped and was replaced with one having a faster tempo, but neither released their hold on each other's hands. Instead, they kept slowly moving to the music. Karen's right leg was now fully pressed against Jess. 

She was momentarily concerned when Jess released both hands, but her heart nearly stopped when she felt Jess' arms encircling her to hug closely, and this time Jess let out a light moan. Karen, at just an inch shorter than Jess, allowed her head to rest gently on her friend's shoulder. 

In this position, Jess could feel Karen's warm breath on her neck, and she hugged her even tighter as they moved together. 

"Mmm.. ," she heard Karen murmur, nearly into her ear. "This feels so good." 

"I agree, Karen," Jess whispered. She let it slip, saying, "Just like I KNEW it would," she smiled as she tightened her hold on her friend. Karen's arms moved to Jess' shoulders just as Jess moved to rest her hands on Karen's lower back. 

With that, Karen lightly kissed her friend's neck, just below the ear, saying. Hearing a light moan, she continued, until she reached Jess' ear and kissed that as well, prompting a shudder from Jess. 

"Yessss," she heard Jess purr as she continued to kiss her neck and ear. 

"Are you ok with this," Karen whispered into Jess' ear. 

Jess didn't say a word. Instead she turned her head toward Karen and kissed her cheek, a fraction of an inch from her lips. Karen bridged the gap and their lips met for the first time. Lost in desire, Karen tasted her friend's lips. Her head spun as she realized that it was so much more erotic than she ever imagined. 

Breaking the kiss, Karen asked quietly, "Should we...talk? Maybe slow down until we're not...tipsy?" 

"I don't know. Would that make a difference, Karen? Because it wouldn't for me," Jess admitted to her friend. 

Thinking back to the past two days, Karen realized that Jess was right. She wanted to kiss her even during her most sober moments. 

"No, I guess not. I just don't want to...risk our friendship," Karen said. 

"That's really sweet, but I don't want to stop. Not now. Do you?" 

Karen didn't answer. Instead she gazed into her friend's eyes before their lips met again, and they each tightened their hold on each other, each mesmerized by the warmth of their bodies, the softness of their lips, and the physical chemistry. 

Karen's lips parted slightly and the tip of her tongue just barely touched her friend's lower lip. Jess moaned into her friend's parted mouth and mirrored her movement. Sparks flew with the first touch of tongue to tongue, and they both knew there would be no turning back. Mouths now parted, they took turns exploring, gently tasting and biting lips until Karen boldly sucked Jess' tongue. Giggling, they continued making out until Karen reluctantly released her hold on her friend and reached for the two empty glasses of wine. 

"Whew," each said, nearly in unison. Jess fanned herself and let go as she watched Karen, finally able to look at her as so much more than a friend. 

"I'll be right back, Jess. Refill time." She took the glasses into the kitchen and refilled them. When she returned, she was surprised to see Jess' flannel top draped over the back of the recliner. Several feet away, she found Jess relaxing on the couch in her tank top and jeans, smiling as she gazed at her. Karen put both glasses down on the table and stood next to her in front of the couch. 

"Sorry, it suddenly got really warm in here," Jess said, blushing as she watched her friend standing above her. 

"I know, right? I was thinking the same thing actually." 

With that, she unbuttoned her top and tossed it on the chair over her friend's blouse. Normally she would have been self-conscious when going without a bra - especially since she was in a white tank top which left nothing to the imagination - but tonight with the combination of alcohol and desire, she had no such concern. She sat down next to Jess, with her left thigh pressed against Jess' right leg. Jess rested her head against her friend's shoulder and reached to hold Karen's left hand. 

They relaxed quietly in that position, content to just enjoy the closeness, and only separating long enough to occasionally sip from their glasses. 

Finally, with her head still nuzzled against Karen's shoulder, Jess said quietly, "You don't know how scared and confused I've been." 

"I know. I felt the same way, denying, wondering...trying to figure out how to deal with my feelings. To be honest, I almost considered ending our friendship over it rather than taking a chance and embarrassing myself by saying or doing something dumb." 

Jess looked at her and smiled, saying, "Oh my God... I was going through exactly the same thing, but I didn't want to admit it. I think Jason knew I was struggling, but he just laughed about it and embarrassed me with it." 

As Jess mentioned that, Karen flashed back to Jason's earlier comments to her, now realizing that he was probably telling the truth. "I told myself it wasn't real, but then you had to go and tease me in those gym shorts on our hike, and I knew I was in big trouble," Karen confided. 

"Oh? How exactly did I do that," Jess giggled mischievously. 

"Jess, tell me you seriously DIDN'T know I was watching your butt when you were leading the way," Karen said. 
