 "Ah, that was awesome, babe," exclaimed my boyfriend, Hank. His sweaty and hairy body rolled off of me and flopped to his side where he proceeded to fall asleep, just like he does every time we have sex.

I cringed and pulled the blankets over my body, keeping them tight around my neck. I always felt so used and unsatisfied whenever we made love. It was to the point where I didn't even call it that anymore. Everything about Hank pretty much repulsed me. His cigarette breath, chapped lips, hairy chest and smelly feet made me want to gag every time he came near me. The funny thing was that Hank had always been like that, I just never paid attention before.

I had decided that I just couldn't stay in the same bed with him with thoughts like that. So I quietly stepped out of the covers, grabbed my pink robe and headed downstairs. It was only ten o'clock so I turned on the television and curled up to watch some TV. I was flicking through the channels when I heard my cell phone ring on the kitchen counter. I ran and answered it.

"Hello?"

"Maria?" It was my best friend and neighbour. 

"Are you home?"

"Yeah, why? Elise, is every thing alright?"

"Yes, my date was a flop so I wanted some girl time before I went home to mope." 

I heard her laugh on the other end so it must not have been that bad.

"Everyday is girl time for you," I replied jokingly. Elise was gay and darn proud of it.

"That's beside the point," she said and sighed. 

"Fine, then I need some Maria time. Sound better?"

I couldn't help but laugh. Elise was hardly ever serious. I often envied her lifestyle, so carefree and...single. Being around her sometimes made me despise being in a relationship.

"I'm outside your door, come let me in."

I ended the call and dashed toward the front door. Sure enough, there she was, all dressed up and no where to go. Elise wore her black hair in a pixie cut, she claimed that it was low maintenance and it went with every outfit. So far, she'd been right. Everything she wore looked amazing on her. Even the tight jeans and fitted green leather jacket she wore at the moment.

"Hey, girlfriend," she greeted and gave me a hug. I felt like an old granny in my pink bath robe and white tube socks, but I hugged her back. "So, got anything to drink?"

I rolled my eyes and led her to the kitchen where I grabbed us some beers. Elise eyed my ensemble with a disapproving look while trying to stifle a burst of laughter.

"Shut up," I warned her. She raised her eyebrows and pretended to look innocent. 

"I was in bed."

"I'm not sayin' anything," she defended. "Except one thing-"

"Elise!" I squealed and half laughed.

"Seriously, why do you dress like you're in your fifties? You're twenty seven, Maria. Wear some silk night gowns or something, geez."

I rolled my eyes again, something I do a lot around my best friend. "Why would I want to attract more attention from Hank?"

"Ah, yes, Hank the Tank," she recited his high school nick name. "One must always aim for guys with names like that."

"Elise, please," I rubbed the bridge of my nose. She dropped all the joking and came to my side, pulling me into her arms.

"I'm sorry, babe. I know how much you want out."

I nodded and tried not to cry on her nice jacket.

"Hey," Elise said and pulled away to look at my face. "You know I'm here for you whenever you decide to go. I'm right next door and you can stay as long as you want."

I nodded again, on the verge of tears. Looking into Elise's face always calmed me though. I stared into her assuring eyes and waited to calm down. I just wished that I could be more like her; assertive, confident, beautiful, and just...know what I want.

"Come on," my best friend said and grinned. 

"Let's go watch some bad TV."

"Okay," I replied and quickly wiped the stray tear that had escaped down my face.

Elise and I watch TV all night, curled up together under my grandmother's huge handmade quilt. Being with her was natural to me. She made everything better, funnier and easier.

The sun was shining in through the patio onto my face when I awoke the next morning. Elise was still under the quilt with me, crunched up and snoring loudly.

"Jesus, I should have known it was that mammoth of a woman," complained Hank as he stomped down the stairs. 

"I thought a bear had broken in the damn house."

"Oh, sorry," I apologized through a yawn. 

"Elise came over after you went to sleep. We stayed up watching TV."

"Whatever," he grumbled and turned to go back upstairs. 

"If the lesbian is going to stay here all night she could at least hop in bed with us. That would be a treat."

Elise stirred then and rubbed her tired eyes.

"Dream on Hank," she muttered. 

"I sleep with women for a reason."

Hank looked offended and slightly annoyed. "Oh yeah, too good for the cock?"

Elise burst out laughing. 

"No, you disgusting pig, I prefer the milky skin and gentle touch of a beautiful woman."

I couldn't tell if she was being sarcastic and I hoped that Hank wouldn't get mad but he was already stomping up the stairs again muttering something that sounded like "You and me both".

"I don't know how you put up with that piece of shit," Elise told me.

I shrugged.

Elise stood and stretched her tall body. I didn't know how she fit on the couch with me with her long limbs, but she did.

"Well girlfriend, I'm outta here," she said and bent down to kiss my cheek. 

"Call ya later."

"Later, Lise," I replied and waved to her as she shut the door behind her.

"Maria!" called Hank from upstairs. 

"Make me some breakfast, would ya?"

I rolled my eyes. "Sure Hank."

"And put on a pot of coffee."

Later that week, I was running on a treadmill next to Elise. We met at the gym three days a week. I only went because she made me but I wasn't overweight by any means. If anything, I was skinny. But Elise insisted that I build some muscle so she began to drag me along every Monday, Wednesday and Friday.

I struggled to keep up with her, but Elise was relentless on the machine. She thrived on physical activities, claimed that they gave her a rush. I stared sideways at her flawless Amazon body, watched as her muscles moved with every stride, and glanced at her perfect breasts bouncing playfully.

I lost control of own body and tripped over my feet, flew face first into the running pad and my tooth punctured my bottom lip. Elise was off of her machine and scooped me up within seconds. Blood dripped down my chin and stained my white shirt.

"Shit, Maria! What the hell are you doing?"

"I'm sorry!" I cried, on the verge of tears. I was more embarrassed than in pain.

Elise huffed. "Don't be sorry, you dummy. Come on." Her strong arms pulled me to my feet and led me toward the change rooms. She sat me down on a bench inside one of the large stalls and closed the door.

"Okay," my friend said and grabbed the small towel from around her neck to pat my bleeding face. 

"We need to stop the blood. You took a good gash out."

"How do I do that?" I mumbled through the towel.

"Well, saliva is the best way, it clots the blood. Suck on your lip."

"No way!' I cried. "I hate blood, it'll make me sick."

Elise stood straight and put her hands on her hips. She stared at me thoughtfully for a minute before squatting down so her face was level with mine. Then she removed the towel, I felt a gush of blood come out immediately.

"Then, I'll do it."

Before I could say no, Elise's mouth was around mine, her tongue resting on my beaten lip. I looked into her eyes as she stared back at mine, neither of us knowing what to say or do. It was an awkward moment for me, but only because it seemed normal and...right.

After a few minutes, Elise pulled away slowly, not breaking eye contact. Her comforting hands rubbed my arms and then she reached up to tuck my hair behind my ear.

"Better?" she asked. I just nodded and sucked on my own lip, scared that it would bleed again, scared of what I might have said to her.

We left the gym in silence and drove home together. It wasn't until we pulled into Elise's driveway that either of us spoke.

"That was weird wasn't it?" she asked me.

I shrugged and tried to pretend like I didn't know what she meant.

"Come on, Maria," she said. "You know what I mean."

"Oh, when you stopped my lip from bleeding?" I gave myself away with flushed cheeks.

"Yeah, that." She sighed and stole a glance toward my house. 

"Don't feel weird about it, okay? I know you probably have different feelings about it than I do."

I shook my head in confusion. Elise wrapped her fingers around my hand and gave it a squeeze.

"I just want you to know that it wasn't weird for me," she insisted. 

"Having my lips on yours is something I've thought about for a long time."

I gasped in shock. I had no idea my best friend felt that way, I didn't know how to process it. And, for once, I knew she wasn't being sarcastic.

"It's better if you don't say anything," she told me. 

"You're probably freaking out inside. I just-I just had to tell you how I felt."

I nodded and squeezed her hand back before stepping out and going home. My mind was buzzing when I entered my house. My keys and bags echoed loudly in the silence as I dropped them on the floor but I paid no attention, my mind was louder at the moment. I had to lie down, so I headed up stairs to bed for a while.

I let my thoughts wander as I curled up on my bed. Elise, my best friend, had feelings for me. Why did she never tell me? How could she act so normal around me? It would explain her dislike of my boyfriend. But, then again, it wasn't hard to dislike Hank. 

A few hours went by when I suddenly heard the front door open. Hank must have come home. I realized that at some point I had cried a little so I quickly wiped my face to hide the evidence.

Hank stomped up the stairs and into our bedroom. I felt him plop down on the bed next to me as he slid his giant arm around my waist. He reeked of alcohol and cigarettes.

"Hey baby," he mumbled. His hand found its way up my shirt and began to squeeze my breasts in an almost painful way.

"Hank," I said meekly and pushed his hand away. 

"Please, don't, not now."

"Not now?" he bellowed and grabbed my shoulder, forcing me to turn to him. "You can't say no to me!"

"Ye-yes I can, Hank," I nervously replied. I was terrified of him whenever he had been drinking. But this mad him even angrier. His big arms and stalky legs pinned me to the bed. I tried to get free but failed. It only hurt me more when I struggled.

"You stupid goat," I spat at me. 

"I don't know why I keep you around." Then, one of his legs slipped in between mine and spread them wide, letting his erection press against me as he grinned. 

"Oh yeah, that's why."

Using one hand to hold both of mine above my head, he reached down and ripped my thin exercise shorts off, scrapping and burning my skin when he did. I let out a howl of pain and he slapped my face.

"Shut up!" he ordered.

I let the tears fall down my cheeks but stifled my cries. How could I let him do this to me? Why couldn't I have been strong enough to fight him off? Then, I realized, I was. Working out at the gym with Elise the past couple of months have really built up my strength. I suddenly recalled the one self-defence class we took and raised my knee to his groin with a force that surprised us both. Hank curled up in pain and fell to my side. This was my only chance. I flew off of the bed and ran downstairs, out the door, and to Elise's house.

She opened the door within seconds, took one quick look at me and yanked me inside. I could only imagine the state I must have looked with my bruised face, torn shorts and trembling hands.

"Maria, are you alright? What happened?"

"Ha-Hank," I muttered. 

"He...tried to..." I couldn't even say the words. But, I didn't need to. Elise understood.

She held me close, rubbing my back and telling me it was all going to be alright. But Hank was pounding on the door only moments later.

"I know she's in there!"

"Yes, she is!" Elise yelled back. "And she's staying in here!"

"Let me in or I'll bust down your fuckin' door!"

Elise looked to me, kissed my forehead and motioned for me to back up. When I did, she reached into her jacket hanging on the rack and pulled out a small hand gun. My eyes bulged in my head, I hated Hank but I didn't want her to shoot him! But Elise shook her head and gave me a look that said 'don't worry'.

She unlocked the door and flung it open, aiming the pistol right at Hank. His angry face changed to shocked and panicked in two seconds.

"Get the hell off of my property before I shoot you down right here, asshole."

Hank held up both hands and backed away from my crazed friend, shooting me one last look of anger before turning and running back to our house.

Elise slammed the door shut and ran to me, still holding the gun. I could feel the hard shape of it on my back.

"You're not going back to that house, you know that, right?" Elise said with finality.

"I know," I whispered. 

"Thank you." 

I pulled away from her embrace to look at her. She smiled and tucked a strand of hair behind my ear, just like she did at the gym.

"I think we need to talk," my friend suggested with a nervous voice. 

Today, Elise confessed to having feelings for me and she saved my life. I didn't want her to be nervous or worried. The truth was that I felt for her too. She made me feel happy and safe, and I don't think I was really ever jealous of her in any way. I just admired her. But how could I convince her?

The answer was obvious to me right there in the moment. I leaned in and touched my lips to hers. At first, she jolted back, but then realized what I was doing. Soon, Elise's soft lips were on mine, moving with a desperate and passionate desire.

"I love you," I told her through kisses and quick breaths. "I think I always have."

Elise just kissed me harder and faster as she guided us toward the kitchen. Her hands effortlessly removed my shirt while my shaky nervous ones fidgeted with the buttons on hers. She grinned and yanked it over her head, just as anxious as I was.

She reached back and removed her bra, so I copied her and took mine off too. It was exhilarating! Just the thought of what I was doing made me panic, but in a good way. Elise's breasts were beautiful, perfectly round and looked as if they didn't even need the support of a bra. A dainty pink nipple topped each one like a cherry on a sundae.

"Wait," she said suddenly. "Are you just doing this because you're upset over Hank?"

I didn't even need to think about it.

"Lise, I'm standing in your kitchen, naked."

She grinned wide and pressed her body against me, her firm breasts felt nice squished to mine. I reached up and rubbed her already erect nipples. Her body was the total opposite of Hanks; soft and tanned skin, a hairless body, and warm and supple lips that were fun to kiss.

"Good point," she replied and reached down to brush aside the crotch of my panties. Without breaking my eye contact, she slid her long fingers between the lips of my vagina and spread them wide. Her fingers played around the outside before entering me. I let out a quiet gasp and smiled.

"Wow, you're so wet," she said in surprise and kissed me, her tasty tongue toyed with mine. 

Elise grinded her body against me while she thumbed my clit, making it impossible for me to keep quiet. "That's it," she said hastily, grabbed me by the hips and hoisted me up onto the counter. She took each one of my legs, spread them as wide as they could go and then dipped her head to my pussy. The sensation of her wet and warm tongue licking and sucking and pumping my vagina made my entire body convulse.

Instinctively, I wanted to close my legs, the pleasure was almost too much to handle, but Elise's hands held a firm grip on my thighs.

"Oh-oh, Lise," I moaned. "I-I'm gonna cum..."

My stomach clenched and I felt the rush of my climax send me spinning. My pussy dripped with juices and Elise gladly kept going, making me cum again and again. I had to hold the cabinet doors next to my head to keep myself from vibrating right off of the counter.

Soon, Elise showed mercy and raised her head to mine. I kissed her lips which were covered in my cum, the salty sweetness tasted good in my mouth.

"I have dreamed of that for years." She panted heavily and kept kissing me.

"Why didn't you ever say anything to me?" I asked.

"Because, you're not gay," she said and shrugged. 

"I just thought it would never be an option."

"Lise," I said and held her face in my hands. 

"I don't have to be gay to love you. You're the one person who has always been there for me."

She looked like she were about to cry but shook it off. The Elise I knew was too tough for crying.

"So, where do we go from here?" she asked figuratively.

I grinned and pressed my forehead to hers.

"I think the bedroom might be a good place."

My best friend, and now my lover, scooped me down from the counter and led me away, to a better life where love and friendship were one.