 They both stopped five feet in of me as I sat on the couch at seven at night. "Mom, Monica and I are just gonna hang out in my room."

I looked at them as they held hands and stayed close. "Okay, Lexi," I replied, just before they both bolted.

I paused the show and my eyebrows drifted down. "If I didn't know any better, I'd say they were having intimate relations."

Neither of them came out of her room for the rest of that Saturday night.

As the clock struck midnight, I turned the TV off. "I guess I should hit the sack," I yawned, while stretching out my six foot figure.

I stood up and strolled towards the hallway with only the moonlight to guide me. I entered the dark hallway and ambled towards my room which was right by Lexi's. As I reached the halfway point in the hallway, I halted and stretched out again.

Then some light entered the hallway coming from Lexi's room. "I'll be right back," Monica giggled, before her six foot blonde haired figure wandered out.

She rushed the ten feet right to the bathroom which stood right across from Lexi's room.

"Did Monica just run out of Lexi's room in just her bra and thong?" I whispered, standing still.

A moment later, she ran right back out to Lexi's room. "I'm back," she chuckled before she shut the door.

I scratched my head. "Okay, that is slightly odd," I muttered, before I began walking towards my room. "Although, its inconclusive," I said, stopping in front of her room.

I was about to step forward, but halted. "What the hell? Is her bed creaking?" I pondered, before I stepped towards her door.

My hand came close to the door knob, but I didn't touch it. "No, I should respect their privacy. They'll tell me when they comfortable," I whispered, backing away. "There may not even be anything to tell."

I turned around and strutted a few feet. "Yes, that's the spot," I heard Lexi moan.

With my eyebrows raised again, I looked at the ground. "Could they be having sex?" I wondered.

"Oh, Monica, you are a goddess among women on this planet."

My head tilted back and I brought my palms to my forehead. "Well, Monica could be giving Lexi a massage for all I know," I thought.

The creaking never faded and my fists clenched up. "They are both adults, but wouldn't Lexi tell me if she was with someone? Least of all, if it was Monica? They've been best friends for five years now," I whispered, before I tip toed back towards her door and grabbed the knob.

"Oh, I love you, Lexie," Monica muttered.

"I love you too, Monica."

"What the fuck?" I mouthed, prior to turning the door knob.

I pushed the door open just a few inches just to see Monica on top of Lexi, with the blanket covering them up all the way to their heads. The bed was only a few feet from the door in the corner, with the long end facing the door and as their heads were toward the wall.

"Holy shit, they are kissing with their eyes closed," I thought.

After the initial shock, I shut her door.

I zipped right to my room and shut the door. "Well, I only saw them kissing. I don't have any concrete evidence," I mentioned, lying down on my bed.

I stared right at the dark ceiling for about five minutes in silence, until the creaking began again.

"Okay, just don't think about them," I muttered, as I stripped out of my clothes and turned my fan on.

"That's better," I whispered, lying down again, but not hearing them.

I went to sleep eventually, but after picturing them kissing though.

After sleeping for only a few hours, I awoke and rose up. "If they were together, why wouldn't they tell me? They should know I'd support them," I mumbled, before I hit the bed with my fist.

I lied back down. "Or maybe Monica hasn't told her mom. I know they have slept over at her house too, maybe Colette knows something."

I went back to sleep, but still had them in my thoughts.

Anyway, I woke up the next morning at around eleven. "Damn, my head hurts," I moaned, bringing my hands to my forehead.

I rubbed it for a minute until I heard some distant chatter. "Are they in the shower together?"

I immediately turned off my fan and put my head against the wall where the bathroom was on the other side. "Damn, I can't make out what is being said."

Then I got up off the bed and strolled to my dresser. I reached in and pulled out a bra and a pair of panties. I put them on and then reached into my closet for a black dress with pink pot-a-dots that ended just above my knees. As I was dressed, I reached for my door knob and opened the door. I heard the shower still running and looked at the bathroom door.

I stepped out towards the door. "No, I gotta respect their privacy. I can't do that to my daughter," I groaned, before I shut my door again. "I love her and would never want to blow the whistle like that," I sputtered, before my phone rang.

I picked it up and answered it. "Oh, Collette, what a surprise. I was just thinking of you."

I heard nothing for a few seconds. "Yeah, I got nothing to say to that, Natasha," she laughed.

"I didn't mean for it to sound weird. My head is hurting right now," I giggled.

"Alrighty then, are you at your house?"

"Yes."

"Are our daughters both over there? Monica told me she was leaving with Lexi at about nine in the morning yesterday and I haven't heard from her since."

Then I hesitantly strolled back to my door and opened it up. "I'll check real quick," I told her, walking out and approaching the bathroom.

My teeth bit down on my bottom lip and my heart raced as I kept her on hold. I cracked open the door, leaned my head in slightly and saw the solid baby blue shower curtain shut.

"Damn, you are a dirty lady, Monica," Lexi giggled.

My head urgently leaned back out and I shut the door. "Yeah, they are over here."

"Okay, good. Hey, do you think I could come visit? I'm all alone here and just like to hang out with someone my own age."

My eyes widened. "Okay, I think I have something for us to talk about anyway. Its really face-to -face talk," I warned her, heading back into my room.

"Is it something bad?"

"I wouldn't say that," I replied, closing my eyes and rubbing my forehead. "I mean, um..."

"Okay, I'll be right over," she told me, before hanging up.

I bowed my head back. "I really hope I didn't just open a can of worms," I whispered, putting my phone down.

I lay down and heard the shower water halt.

"Come on, let's go back to my room," I heard Lexie say.

I instantly rose back up and went to my door. I cracked it open and saw them in bathrobes.

"Hi, Mom," Lexie said, passing the door.

"Hi, sweetie," I answered, before I closed the door again. "They are kissing and showering together?"

I stood there for a moment and continued to caress my head. "Oh, the bed is creaking again. Are they just tempting me now?" I groaned, hitting the wall.

I just opened my door and made my way towards the living room. As I made it there, I strolled to the couch.

I lay down on it and put my left hand onto my forehead. "Shit, the concept of them is just making my head feel like it has a spike in it and my heart is feels like its bouncing around in my chest. So, I ask Collette and then what? What if she freaks out?" 

I went to the kitchen and retrieved some aspirin. "I hope this helps," I said, taking a couple and getting something to drink.

Then I sat back down for a few minutes and tried to calm down.

"It sounds like someone is coming," I stammered, before I immediately leaned up and looked towards the hallway.

"Hey, Mom," Lexi greeted me, as they both ambled towards the kitchen in wearing fresh clothes.

"Hi, I can see you two actually came out for some air."

"Yeah, I guess we've been under the radar a bit lately," Lexie replied, looking in the fridge.

A few seconds later, Lexi rose up and shut the fridge door with a couple sodas in her hands.

"Well, you have a nice daughter to hang with, Miss Jacobs," Monica answered, looking at me, while standing right behind Lexi. "I can't help it, she is so irresistible," she told me, hugging Lexi with her head on Lexie' shoulder. "I can definitely tell where she gets her good looks from: her hot mom."

Monica hugged her like that right in front of me and her hands landed on Lexi's stomach. She also kissed Lexi's neck and cheek a few times as well.

"We're BFFs, Mom," Lexie let me know, before she set the sodas on the counter and turned around.

Then they kissed each other for three seconds as their hands reach each other's hips.

"Extra special best friends, Miss Jacobs," Monica stated, while their eyes were stuck on one another.

My eyebrows rose. "Are you two having sex?"

"No, Mom!" Lexi snapped, turning her head to me. "We just like to kiss each other sometimes, that's all. We are not having sex."

"Okay, that was just weird, sweetheart," I made clear, just before I stood up.

"Well, we're just really good friends, as Monica just told you. We're not lesbians!"

"It is okay if you are, Lexi," I told her, putting my palms out towards my head. "I'd just like to know if you are. Just like if you were pregnant or in some kind of trouble," I told her, before I took a small pause. "You don't have to snap at me, it was just a question based on the odd behavior you two just displayed right in front of me," I explained, strolling over to them, as Monica remained behind Lexi.

Lexie and I glared at each other

"I'm sorry, Mom," she said, leaning her head down.

I just grinned slightly and put my arms out. She came to me with open arms and we hugged each other. Her head rested on my left shoulder as I was a few inches taller than her.

I shut my eyes. "You might be eighteen now, but I'm still your mom," I reminded her, caressing her back. "I guess I can be a bimbo at times."

"We all can be, Mom, whether you are a blonde, brunette or whatever. Its nothing to be ashamed of. I still love you."

"I love you too, angel."

After another minute, we let go of each other and I kissed her on her forehead. "Let me guess, you'll be in your room?"

"Yes, if we end up doing more than kissing, I'll let you know," Lexi answered, glaring at me.

"Are you two okay?" Collette pondered, walking into the living room.

"Yes, Mom. They are just enjoying each other's eyes for a somewhat long period of time," Monica answered, seizing the sodas.

"Something like that," I mentioned, turning to Collette's six foot figure. Damn, I also know how Monica landed good looks too. She also knows how to flaunt her puppies in that white tank top, I thought to myself, as my eyes toured her body.

"Come on, Monica, let's let our moms exchange wisdom in the form of gossip," Lexi suggested, taking Monica's hand and hiking towards the hallway.

Collette and I watched them leave.

Once they were out of sight, Collette turned to me. "What the hell was that about?"

"Let's sit down," I suggested, before we both headed to the couch.

I sat down on the side away from the TV and she sat on the other.

"Collette, from mother to mother, are our daughters having sex?"

Her teeth immediately sunk into her lip and her eyes went adrift.

"Are you serious, they've been intimate?"

"Only sense you asked: yes, but you can't say anything. I promised them I would stay silent about it. I do consider you to be a good friend and I think you'd do the same for me. They made it clear to me that they are such good friends, that they are experimenting with each other."

"Experimenting?" I pondered, bringing my right hand to my face.

"Yes, according to them, it began with hand holding and pecks on the cheek. That just went to real kissing, then onto making out and forward until they had sex about two months ago."

"Two months ago?" I questioned, dropping my hand.

She nodded her head and scooted towards me.

She gave me a thirty second hug, with both arms from my side, but only backed away a few inches after she was done. "I didn't know how to react to them not wanting you to know, but they came out to me. Maybe because Monica has a lesbian aunt. Maybe as far they are concerned, they are just experimenting, because they are young adults just trying new things. Now what do you wanna do, confront them?"

"I don't know, I would just wanted to know, that's all. I mean what if they want to be a real couple? Would they just dropped it on me then?"

She stayed quiet for a moment as she looked at me: my brown hair, smaller breasts, pretty face and everywhere else. "Have you ever been with another woman, Natasha?"

My mouth opened slightly, my eyes widened and I checked out her body again, including her hooters. "You aren't wearing a bra under that tight tank top."

"No, I'm not. On most days, I feel a bra confines my breasts in an uncomfortable way," she confessed as her hands brought my face up to hers.

She just stayed close for a minute and said nothing.

"What are you doing, Collete?"

"May I kiss you, Natasha?"

"Why?" I inquired.

Her tongue reached out of her mouth and licked her lips for a few seconds. "Well, just like our daughters, sometimes you just want to experiment with another woman. Not because you are tired of men or mad at them, but simply because you just have an odd desire. Just from MILF to MILF, may I kiss you?"

I looked down at the crack one more time before I nodded. Then she calmly leaned towards me and kissed me for ten seconds. Over the duration, her right hand slithered onto my left leg and caressed it ever so slowly.

After that ten seconds, her lips parted from mine. "How was that? Did you like it?"

I grinned and my right hand took the trip down to my crotch, where it felt my wet slit, even though my dress and panties.

"Would you like to do that again, Natasha?"

I just nodded again and then she climbed on top of me. Her hands dropped down towards the bottom of her tank top.

"What if our daughters come out here and see us?"

"I'm pretty sure they'll be plenty busy for a while, so I must ask: would you like to see my breasts?"

My eyes just drifted right to her melons and the tank top just came right off.

My eyes widened and I felt shivers down my spine. "Shit, you have big boobs and big nipples too."

She threw her tank top and her hands slithered onto her boobs. She rubbed them going up and down numerous times as we just glared at one another the whole time. Suddenly, I felt my temple getting wet.

"Feel them, Natasha," she suggested, snatching my wrists and placing them on her breasts. "I want you to have some fun with me," she made clear, burying my hands under hers. "Maybe we'll find the lesbian pleasure our daughters found."

My slit was leaking out and getting onto the couch. I felt her warm and squishy breasts as my heart suddenly felt to be shocked by a lightning bolt.

The top half of my body swiftly rose up with her. "Oh, these are spectacular, Colette. Something right out of my personal heaven."

"So, you do have a thing for women?"

"Maybe for the ones that offer to let me see and feel their hooters," I answered, breathing heavily.

Then she brought her arms over onto my back and brought me closer to her so my face pressed onto her chest right above her knockers. "I've always thought you were beautiful, Natasha. Now let us take our friendship up a notch," she suggested, rubbing my back.

I brushed my face against her chest as her hands made it all the way down the bottom of my dress. "Let's stand up," she suggested, prior to us both standing up on the floor.

She took it off me and threw it. "Oh, you are drop dead gorgeous, but I must see more," she told me, transporting her hands over to my bra clasp.

She undid it and let it fall right off me. "You may have slightly smaller breasts, but you are still a mother I'd like to fuck," she mentioned, before she pushed me on my back onto the couch.

She examined my body while maintaining a lusty smile. Then she lowered herself to her knees and brought her palms over to my bosoms right over my nipples. We both remained silent while she caressed them both ever so lazily making them go around in counter clockwise circles.

Her eyes remained on her them the whole time, while I watched her palms do this pleasurable business. I twitched a bit, but she kept the rubbing going nonstop for about five minutes straight. Eventually, she leaned down towards my chest and rubbed her nose and forehead right the tops of my knockers.

She went back and forth several times. "Oh, your boobs are so delicate, Natasha, I love them," she let out, before she lifted her head up.

"Oh, matching panties I see, Natasha," she let out, prior to leaning her face down to them.

Her nose arrived right above my cherry and then she took in a deep inhale.

She lifted her head slightly with closed eyes. "Oh, that scent, there is nothing better in the world."

She remained still for a moment as I smirked. I examined her titties once again, and then my mouth opened so all of my front teeth came into the light. Her head bowed back down to my panties and she grabbed onto the straps of them.

"Let's see what you are hiding under these," she mentioned, before she slipped them off me and brought them to her face.

She buried them with both hands and took in another deep inhale as our eyes were right on each other.

She kept them there for another thirty seconds before she dropped them onto the couch. "Wet MILF panties, the best free miracle around," she told me, before she rose to her feet.

Her hands came onto the button on her pants.

"No," I said, prior to leaning up.

I pushed her hands out of the way. "Allow me."

I undid her pants and unzipped them. I grabbed onto the sides of them and yanked them all the way down in a single motion.

"Oh, feisty woman," she mentioned, stepping out of her pants.

I seized them and threw them on the floor with my dress.

Then our eyes met. "Feel free, I don't mind."

"In fact, you are craving it," I mentioned, before I snatched the straps of her green cotton panties and dragged them down.

I snagged them and my own, before I stood up with her. "Let's snort together, shall we?" I suggested, before I gave her my panties.

We both brought each other's panties to our faces and took ten second inhales. We both put our heads back and our right hands grabbed onto each other's arms.

"Damn, you were not blowing smoke, Colette. Your pussy juice is undeniably unworldly, but it comes with a side effect: I'm light headed."

"I know," she said, before she tossed my panties. "I've been told it can be quite addictive," she told me, prior to snatching her panties and throwing them. "Although, we have plenty of time for you to become addicted," she made clear, before she bumped me back onto my back.

She positioned herself onto her stomach on the couch with me and brought her face to my pussy. "If your daughter can have sex with mine, I can certainly fuck you," she let me know, before she installed her fingers into my slit.

"Slick and sweet," she muttered, thrusting her fingers.

She began going slow, but I instantly started fluttering.

"You like that, Natasha?"

My head nodded and she instantly began thrusting her fingers faster. My arms reached over to her face and I caressed her cheeks.

"I never had my heart race while fooling around with a woman."

"Well, if it is racing now, how about we try to make it stop?" she pondered, prior to evicting her fingers and slipping her tongue into my cherry.

She immediately stuck her tongue all the way in there and she placed her hands up onto my boobs. My head leaned back all the way so my chin rose up and my fists clenched as well. I felt her begin to press onto my labia, forcing even my toes to clench up.

My tongue came out onto my lips and I licked them in several full 360 degree motions. Her tongue parted from my labia for a second and drifted down to the bottom. Then she licked it all the way up.
