 After what had been a steamy anniversary, Jessica knew that she and Brittany's days of sexual adventures were not at an end. Of course, Jessica had assumed that Brittany had settled down, and that her sexual urges were lessened by the hum drum of ‘married' life. This had always disappointed Jessica, who, as a red-head with a fiery personality, had been not so easily satisfied.

Jessica had attempted to spice up their romance with a new toy, but Brittany's present of the sexy Jezebel had outdone her feeble efforts. Even remembering that night had made Jessica moisten. She and Brittany had just finished an orgasmic experience when Jezebel showed up at their bedroom door, dripping with sexual fervor. Jessica recalled that not knowing the woman's real name, her origin, or, for that matter, anything about her, had simply made the encounter all the more wild. It was so exciting, Jessica mused, that she hadn't even asked Brittany how she knew Jezebel -if she knew her.

Jessica had been going over all of this in her head on her ride back home. It was a Friday afternoon towards the end of summer. She was driving her silver Mustang through the back roads of Nappa on her way back from work. All of California was golden, and her relaxing drive had turned her mind towards the possibility of more adventures. She realized that her and Brittany's vacation was coming up in a few weeks and considered following up a lead about a place she had heard of in the city. Even if the place was a bust, she thought, it'd still be worth the trip.

Jessica had heard, or at least overheard, that there was a small day-spa, unknown by tourists and little known by residents that was simply to die for. The spa, she had understood, was set up for couples, catering to each couple with a custom design focused on increasing enlightenment in the ancient Buddhist tradition of Tantra. As a gift, she had signed Brittany and herself up for an afternoon midway through their vacation. Jessica figured that the worst that could happen was that they'd get a good massage, but the possibility of real Tantric sex was well worth the price of admission.

She and Brittany approached the spa in anticipation, though Brittany was still unaware of the true nature of their trip. The building was a small pagoda, looking almost like a temple in the middle of the city streets. The doors looked as if they were solid jade, trimmed with gold patterns, images depicting Japanese kanji of which the girls were completely unaware. Jessica and Brittany opened the doors and slipped inside, careful not to make any noise. Jessica commented that it felt too much like going to church and Brittany agreed.

The entry way opened up into a small atrium. The walls were lined with lush plant-life and a pond separated one side of the room from the other, with only a small wooden bridge connecting them. Jessica and Brittany could see orange and white Japanese carp swimming in the pond. The beauty of the establishment was amazing. Jessica could see where her money was going.

As the girls admired the setting a slender woman was making her way across the bridge. She stopped in the middle and spoke quietly, catching the girls off guard.

"Miss Leary and Miss Phelps?" her accent was smooth but distinct.

Jessica's eyes wandered over to their host and she beheld a gorgeous Asian woman. Her face was rounded, and her eyes seemed to be cut out of it, as if it were a paper mask. Her skin was a creamy silk, and her lips were a light pink. Straight black hair dropped beneath her shoulders. She wore a traditional Chinese dress. It was red silk with intricate gold trim. It reveal her arms all the way to the shoulder and a slit in the skirt produced Jessica a view of her leg up to her thigh. Her nails and toenails were painted silver and she was wearing lucite heals.

Jessica gazed at the delicate features of the woman and she hoped that the hostess would be their guide to Tantric sex.

Jessica nodded feebly. She could not suppress her want for the Asian woman and knew that she could not be satisfied until she drank in the sweet juices that the woman had to offer her.

The woman eyed Jessica and Brittany. A smiled crossed her lips and her eyes turned from delicate to ferocious within a blink. Her nipples hardened at the prospect of ‘educating' these delectable women.

"I have your reservation held for the Jade room, to your left. I hope it will be sufficient." Her voice flowed over them like cool water. "You will find a locker for your belongings as well as some robes. Feel free to use them, or, if you prefer, not to. A masseuse will be in shortly to take care of you before we begin the session."

Jessica and Brittany made their way to the Jade Room and opened the door. Inside the hallway were a few lockers, and hanging inside each one was a short white robe. Jessica found a locker, opened it, and began to undress. Brittany followed in suit. 

As Brittany undressed Jessica's eye's gazed amorously upon her. She restrained herself from approaching Brittany from behind and reaching around to her firm breasts. Her desire for Brittany, linked with the surprise orgy that was most certainly upon them served only to increase her excitement and she could feel herself become wetter by the moment.

The girls slipped on their robes and entered the atrium of the Jade room. In front of them were two massage tables. Each table was much larger than normal, almost the size of a billiards table. Each also had a set of drawers underneath, most likely for keeping massage oils, Jessica assumed. Beyond the tables was a miniature paradise. A lagoon, lined with bright green plant life, overtook the room. The pond water was warm, so warm that it gave off steam, creating a subtle stickiness in the room. The atmosphere, Jessica decided, was design for a good fucking.

As the girls took in the beauty of the room another hostess appeared. 

"Are you ready for the messages now?" She daintily inquired.

"Uh...yeah." Jessica replied as she and Brittany sat up on the separate tables.

Jessica admired the new hostess, and there was much to admire. She had a small frame, which was to be expected of an Asian woman. Her skin was much more tan than the other hostess, but her hair was just as black, though it was kept up in a Japanese style bun. Her face was perfectly round, and Jessica realized that she was more cute than sexy. Still, the woman was a knock-out. Her body was well shaped, curving this way and that, and her breasts were at least a C cup, and well in proportion to the rest of her. She wore one of the short white robes as well. The garment could barely contain her breasts, and Jessica could see her browned nipples from time to time. The length of the robe was simply not enough. The fabric rode high on her thigh, only just covering her sex. Jessica didn't think that she could contain herself for much longer.

"My name is Mia," she said. "And this is Jea." She introduced the other hostess as she entered the room.

Mia approached Jessica and Jea, still in her red dress, crossed the room to meet Brittany. The women were unclothed, bathed in oils, and slowly massaged. 

As Jessica was massaged by Mia her body relaxed, but her sexual desire only grew. Mia's soft hands kneaded her flesh, rolling her shoulders and making their way down the well oiled back. Her fingers met the skin of her thighs and Jessica began to moan softly. The fingers toyed with her, moving further up to her pelvis, but never getting close enough to satisfy her needs.

Suddenly, the fingers stopped their movement and left her all-together. She opened her eyes to see Brittany stand up and move towards her table. Mia was backing away, towards Jea. Jessica sat up, and Brittany sat beside her, her body gleaming with sweat and oil.

"Now," said Jea, "We shall introduce you to the ways of Tantric Sex."

With that, Jea placed her hands on the knot keeping Mia's robe enclosed and pulled. The robe opened revealing a bronzed body, well cut with what seemed like enormous breasts. Mia's skin was flawless. Her breasts were large, but well set. Her nipples were dark and hard, looking like Kisses. Her mound was well shaved, leaving only a trace of hair leading to it. She arched her back and allowed the gown to fall to the floor.

Jea pushed her softly towards the empty table and Mia delicately slid on top of it. She parted her legs and, as if on cue, Jea bent down to taste the woman's charms. 

Jea's tongue slid in and out of the waiting pussy. She lapped skillfully at the pink folds, causing a noticeable reaction from her Asian partner. As Jea slid her tongue in and out of her hole, Mia clasps her nipples hard. She rolled them with her fingers as her moans became increasingly louder. 

Brittany and Jessica gasped at the sight in front of them. Jea was still fully clothed and not even touching herself, and yet Mia was so sensual. Brittany placed herself behind Jessica and reached her hand across the woman's abdomen. Her fingers danced across Jessica's lower belly, and her lips began to slowly nibble at Jessica's left ear. Her eyes were fixed on the Asian women as her fingers found Jessica's sopping crotch. 

Brittany inserted a finger into the wanton pussy, quickly stabbing it up and then rocking it back and forth. Her left hand found it's way across Jessica's body and to her opposite breast. She began toying with her nipple, rolling it and flicking it.

By the time Jea had inserted a finger into the welcoming pussy, Mia was ready to cum. Her breathing was unsteady, her body rhythmically bucking to accept the next advance, and her moans were becoming small screams of joy. As if she could take no more, Mia's body jerked upright, and then collapsed back down towards the table. Yet, somehow, Jea seemed reluctant to let her finish. 

With little more to push her over the edge, Mia was beside herself. But just then, Jea removed her fingers and desisted from her tongue lashing. She stood upright and licked the juices from her fingers. Mia lay in wait on the table.

"By not letting her orgasm," Jea suddenly explained, "We increase the sexual pleasure when she finally does."

Jessica felt the need to cum almost as much as Mia had. Brittany had stopped her motions at the sudden change between Jea and Mia, and Jessica was near begging her to continue. The couple had their eyes on Jea, surprised by her actions when they suddenly heard Mia's moaning again.

To everyone's surprise, especially Jea's, Mia had reached her hands down to her own pussy and was circling her clit at a furious pace. Her body bucked wildly with her own movements as she climbed nearer and nearer to her climax. Suddenly, one hand reached down, underneath the table. After only a moment it revealed itself with an eight inch pink bullet. She quickly slid the toy into her needy pussy and pumped herself violently.

Brittany and Jessica noticed that Mia needed to cum, but saw that she could not finish on her own. With one look from Brittany, Jessica took the blonde's hand and led her to the abandoned Asian woman. Jessica leaned over, sticking her ass in the air, and tasted the juice pouring from Mia. Her tongue slid over the top of her mound, grazing her clit. Her hand clasped Mia's, and took over the pumping of the pink toy. Her lips surrounded Mia's clit and she began sucking on the delicate spot, driving the other woman to new levels of pleasure.

Brittany placed herself on top of Mia. Her hand reached over to clasp the woman's breast and she pinched her nipples harshly, then gently. Her lips touched the other woman's, and her tongue slid inside her mouth. The two kissed passionately. Mia, locked in Brittany's kiss, bucked once last time before cumming all over Jessica's face. Jessica rose to the other side of Mia's face and let the girl lick the juices from her lips as the two enjoyed a sensual kiss.

As Brittany climbed up on the table to straddle the girl's face, Jessica removed her attention from Mia and looked over at Jea.

"You wanna see our way now?" Jessica said playfully.

Jessica knelt into the hostess. She let one hand slide behind her back and passionately kissed Jea. As Jessica swirled her tongue around Jea's, Jea could taste Mia. As she swam in the kiss, Jea was enthralled in the new experience. This was the first time that Mia had been disobedient, and the first customers who encouraged such behavior. Her pussy longed to be licked. It longed to be filled.

Jessica finished her kiss by sucking on Jea's lower lip. She gave Jea a slight grin and found the zipper on the back of her dress. The silk cloth was soon on the floor, leaving Jea's breasts exposed. Her pelvis was only concealed by a lacy pair of black panties and Jea remained in her lucite heals.

Jessica moved one hand down around Jea's waist and began squeezing her tight ass. Her head lowered and her tongue lashed out at the dark nipples Jea provided. She took one in her mouth and slowly sucked on it. She bit it lightly, allowing it to become erect in her mouth, and then flicked it lovingly with her tongue. Jessica continued her nipple play until she heard Jea's moans escalate. She could smell how aroused Jea was, and it was making her horny as hell.

Still standing, Jea was immersed in the feeling of Jessica's play with her nipples. Her moans were getting louder and she felt as if she couldn't control herself. Her hands stroked the dark red hair of the other woman, but she wanted to bring them down to her slit and quickly finish herself off. Her hands roamed over Jessica's upper body, caressing any skin she could find, and just as she was about to give in and finger herself she felt Jessica's hands move down to the seams of her panties.

As Jessica and Jea's kissings turned to fondlings, Brittany placed herself over Mia's face and began to ride the sweet Asian tongue. Brittany arched back at first, letting her platinum hair fall of her shoulders and supporting her weight by placing her hands on the table. Mia had recovered from her orgasm quickly and had wrapped her hands around Brittany's thighs, digging her tongue into the other woman's pink skin. Brittany felt Mia's nose on the lower part of her pussy as the constant lapping of her tongue smacked against her now hardened clit.

Brittany righted her body, sitting near upright on Mia and began to play diligently with her nipples, rolling them with her fingers. She took her left breast in her hand and pushed it towards her mouth, harshly biting her own nipple for even more stimulation. She felt one of Mia's hands leave her thigh and then she felt the push of plastic on her pussy's wet lips. 

Mia pushed her own pink toy into the welcoming snatch above her. She repositioned her mouth lower on Brittany. Her nose pressed up against the woman's ass and her tongue extended itself into the gushing pink chasm. She allowed Brittany to move, and the woman placed both feet on the table, allowing her to squat over Mia. 

Mia stared at the hole above her and thrust the neon toy into it. She felt the pussy's lips wrap around the shaft. Brittany began slowly bouncing up and down on the dildo, letting it rub further and further into her. She could feel Mia's tongue extend once again, this time aiming for the crack of her ass and Brittany could stand no more. Her bouncing became more rapid as she continued to impale herself on the bullet. She felt Mia's hand tighten on her thigh, pulling her back down and she paused just long enough for Mia to turn the base of the pink stick, allowing it to vibrate. 

Brittany collapsed back on her knees and bent her head towards Mia's pussy in a sixty-nine position. She felt Mia push the vibrator into her, felt it buzz inside her, and felt Mia's needy tongue back on her clit. She returned the favor. Wrapping her hands around the woman's thighs, Brittany lifted Mia's legs and dove her mouth into the bronzed slit. She licked it rapidly before using her fingers to pull back at the soft folds. Eying all that Mia had to offer, Brittany placed her lips around Mia's mound and darted her tongue at the exposed clit.

Brittany had begun bucking, and was now quickly humping Mia and her vibrator, but Mia had begun to buck as well, fucking Brittany's face. The two became more excited off one another and as Brittany was about to cum she planted two finger's in Mia's pussy and quickly shot them in and out of her as she continued attacking her clit.

Mia screamed with delight and turned the base of the vibrator again, making the toy hum even more as it went in and out of Brittany's slit. Mia felt Brittany's legs clamp around her head as the woman thrust at her climax, and then ease back, but Brittany's lapping never skipped a beat and almost instantly Mia was finding herself washed away in pleasure once again. She stopped the vibrator and put her hand over her pussy, feeling the moist explosion. She felt Brittany roll over and she crossed the table to face her. The two women lay side by side, and Mia licked her cum off the blonde's mouth as they kissed and fondled lightly.

Jessica had slid the now moist panties down the sexy legs of the Asian, Jea. She allowed Jea to step out of them, leaving her only in her heels, and the Jessica slid her hand up the woman's inner thigh, teasing her only slightly. Jea's knees began to bend as Jessica's mouth reached her pussy. Her hands were planted firmly on Jea's ass, massaging it slowly as she slid her tongue into the Asian pussy. Jea felt light-headed as the tongue caressed her, leaving her pleasure nowhere to run. Her hands slid up and down her torso, finding her own nipples. She plucked at them, feeling the added stimulation and concentrated on not falling over with joy.

Jea moved her right hand down to Jessica's hair, pulling at it. Jessica looked up at the woman and sat back on her knees, inviting Jea to lye on the floor. Jea lay next to Jessica, arms over her head, leaving herself to the redhead. Jessica slid her oiled body on top of Jea's and began to kiss the beauty as her right hand made its way to her pussy. The two women embraced in their kiss, and Jessica met Jea's hand as it began to massage her own clit. With Jea concentrating up top, Jessica pushed two fingers into the tight pussy and began loving it slowly.

Jea felt the pleasure wash over her like a cool breeze. Her nipples perked and she felt her body suddenly convulse with a passionate orgasm. She continued to kiss Jessica and let the woman skillfully tickle her pussy. 

Jea was startled when she felt another pair of lips kissing her breasts. She broke her kiss with Jessica to see the blonde, Brittany, eying her. Brittany way lying on her side, slowly rubbing her clit, her tongue stretched out to meet Jea's nipples.

Mia returned to the threesome with more oils, a magenta double-headed dildo, and a bright blue cock (monstrous in size) with ribbed sides. She sat behind Jessica and put her arms around her, offering her a choice. Jessica's eye's widened at her two options. The blue dildo was thick and ribbed with a vibrating end, and the magenta double-header was incredibly long -longer, even, than the 2 footer they had left at home, but much thinner at the base. Jessica wondered what Mia's pussy would feel like grinding against her own. She devilishly smiled that the girl and took the blue monster.

Brittany was already at the oils. She grabbed them and the magenta cock and crawled next to Jea. She mouthed one end of the plastic as Jea took the other. After tasting it, Brittany splashed oil around the heard of the cock and ran her hands along the shaft, buttering it up.

Watching this, Mia took some oil and slicked the end of the blue dildo. She kept her breasts pressed close to Jessica's back as Jessica sat up on her knees, allowing her slit to be ready for anything Mia had in mind. As Mia looked in on Brittany feeling up her toy she licked Jessica's neck from behind. She removed one hand from their toy and began rubbing the front of Jessica's slit. Jessica reacted by holding Mia's hand, guiding her motions, and leaning her head to expose more of her neck to the excited Asian beauty.
