 "Signal next time, you dumbass!" I shouted at the car ahead of me. Sure, he couldn't hear what the angry chick behind him was yelling, but it made me feel better all the same as I nearly clipped his back bumper. Today had been entirely too long, and I couldn't get home fast enough.

I turned into my parking space, grabbed my purse and locked the car as I got out. I wearily trudged up a flight of stairs and turned the key in my apartment door. Kicking off my heels, I found the mail that Dawn had brought in earlier and sifted through it. Junk, junk, ads, junk. There weren't even any bills since those were all online these days.

Come to think of it, where was Dawn? She was usually home by now, and Thursday was her night to make dinner. Not that I had the energy to eat, but it was good to come home to Dawn's perpetual smile and a kiss. She's probably out shopping or something, I thought, and dropped my purse and my coat on the couch on my way to the bathroom. I needed a hot shower.

I peeled off my clothes and walked into the hot stream of water. Today's troubles melted away as I just stood there. Mmmm, it felt so good. I rubbed all over my body, and I was really turning myself on. My hand slipped down my belly and through my little patch of carefully groomed hair, my finger finding its mark. Ohhhh that feels good... Rubbing and rubbing until ― 

I was startled to hear the bathroom door open. "Hey Anna, I'm home!" Dawn sounded bright and cheerful.

"Hey, honey, where have you been?" I nervously grabbed for my shampoo bottle. Even if Dawn and I were lovers, it was still a little embarrassing to have her walk in on me pleasuring myself. I hoped she hadn't seen through the steamy glass shower door. 

"Just here and there.... A hot shower sounds nice... can I join you?" She stepped out of her tight jeans and pulled her top over her head to reveal a lacy bra and matching boyshort panties. 

"Those are sexy," I remarked, wiping a patch of the glass for a better look. "Are they new?"

"These?" She unclipped her bra and held it out, revealing the most perfect breasts I'd ever had the pleasure of seeing. "Yeah, I bought them yesterday. They were on clearance!" She winked and wriggled out of her panties. Pinning up her long dark hair, she opened the shower door and slipped in beside me. "I noticed you were having some fun in here," she said with a sexy little smile. I blushed and continued washing my hair. 

Dawn pressed up against me, rubbing up and down my back. "Mmm, hey Dawn, if you keep that up I'll never finish washing my hair!" To prove my point I pulled her closer, fully drenching her under the shower head. We shared a very wet kiss and my hands followed the curve of her back down to her well-rounded ass. Her skin was so soft and wet, and it was driving me mad with desire.

Dawn slid a hand between my thighs and slipped her finger inside of me. "Your pussy is dripping wet, sweetheart, we'd better do something about that!" She added a second finger and simultaneously rubbed my clit. I moaned and tilted my head back. The water cascaded over my face as I grew closer and closer to a climax. I was on the brink of coming when Dawn pulled her fingers out of me.

"You tease!" I sputtered. "I'll teach you to drive me crazy!" I took the hand-held shower head from its holder and changed the setting to a pulsing jet spray. Kneeling in front of her, her back against a glass wall, I parted her delicate wet lips with my fingers and aimed the jet at her clit. She had such pretty lady parts -- her vagina was surrounded by ruffled labia, meeting at a perfectly pink little rosebud. She let out a sigh of pleasure as the water massaged her throbbing clit. 

"Mmm... oh! Ohhh you're so good with that thing... Oh don't stop, stay right there!" For good measure I slipped my middle finger inside of her and she let out a cry of pleasure. "Oh my god, Anna! Oh, I'm gonna come. Make me come!" I continued only for a second or two before I stopped.

"You didn't think I was going to let you come that easily, did you, you little tease?" I stood and kissed her deeply on the mouth, running my hands up her sides, barely grazing her breasts before wrapping my arms around her neck.

We tenderly lathered each other, the scent of the body wash mingling with the smell of sex. Our hands and mouths wandered as we rinsed the soap down the drain. I turned off the water and we stepped out, wrapping ourselves in fluffy white towels. "Come on, love, let's take this into the bedroom," I purred, kissing her delicate mouth.

After we had crossed the hallway to the bedroom and I closed and locked the door behind us, Dawn faced me and dropped her towel. I again marveled at her lovely curves: the way her breasts hung, her nipples standing at attention; her small waist and feminine hips; and her ivory thighs meeting at a perfect little V. Unable to resist her any longer, I discarded my towel and laid my lover on the bed.

I kissed her, teasing her a little with my tongue, then laid a gentle kiss on her neck, her chest, down her belly and finally settling on her vulva. I licked her from vagina to clit, her juices salty and abundant. Up and down and up I licked, circling her clit, sucking gently, then back down again. She moaned as my tongue slid inside of her, just the tiniest bit. I returned to sucking and circling her clit. She was squirming in ecstasy and called out, "I'm gonna come!" Maintaining my rhythm I continued until she screamed, "Oh my GOD I'm coming!" Her hips bucked and her body seized. Liquid gushed from her vagina, trickling down my chin. I didn't stop sucking until she was done convulsing and she relaxed, enjoying the aftershocks of her climax.

After she caught her breath, she told me, "I bought a present for you."

"Ooh, I love presents!" I laid on the bed next to her, holding her.

"Well, it's a present for us... it's in that bag by the door." For the first time I noticed a big black shopping bag.

"Shared gifts are the best kind. Shall I go get it?"

"No, let me. Stay here and close your eyes until I tell you to open them." She stood a little shakily (that must have been an intense orgasm) and I closed my eyes. I heard the black bag rustle. I heard her tear at some plastic packaging and fiddle with the whatever-it-was. Some more faint rustling... then her feet padding over to me on the bed. "Alright, you can open your eyes." Dawn stood over me, pleased with the contraption she had around her hips. It was a strap-on vibrator. She turned the dial at the base and it began to hum. "Mmmm, there's even a bullet that rests against my clit. Now, are you ready for me to fuck you?"

"Oh I'm ready, fuck me baby." My legs parted and she set the cool tip of the vibrator against my opening. I let out an involuntary moan as she thrust it into me. I was so close to coming already, and after a few moments I shuddered and cried, "I'm coming!" Waves of pleasure washed over me, and Dawn kept pumping the silicone vibrator in and out, making sure to keep grinding against my clit. She kept going as aftershock after aftershock hit me. 

"Hang in there, baby, I'm not done with you yet." She gave a deeper thrust and leaned over to suck on my nipple, playing with the other with her fingers. I had regained control of my senses and was pleased to watch her breasts bounce and sway, squeezing together when she reached down to play with mine. 

She lifted my legs to rest on her shoulders so she could get deeper and almost drove me mad with delight. "God, Dawn, you're so good at this. When did you learn how to do it so good?"

She smiled and winked, "Experience." At this point I didn't care to ask what she meant by that. She was quickly building me up to a second climax. "You almost ready? Because I'm soooo close to coming right now." I nodded; I was pretty damn close, too. "Here we go..." She threw her head back as the orgasm hit. A second later, I came too. We were closely synced at that moment, her thrusting mindlessly and me bucking my hips to meet each thrust. The first time had been good, but the second was better by far.

Exhausted, I relaxed as Dawn fell on the bed beside me. "That thing," I gasped, "was worth every penny." She smiled and we curled up together. We were asleep in seconds.