 OH FUCK...my fantasy has taken over my head, completely filling my brain, and making me otherwise, powerless...my overwhelming NEED to belong to Blue...to be her possession...to be her slutty fucktoy. To be exactly what she ordered when she had me genetically created for her.

This fantasy is a fetish that makes me tremble when it hits me..it controls me. I fucked myself while writing this. I couldn't help it...

I got on my knees and eagerly shoved my face between Blue's silky-smooth thighs, pushing her legs apart...my head pushing her computer off her lap and onto the couch beside her...my tongue lapping at her pussy, then my mouth smothering it with hot, sucking little kisses...

Blue jumped, throwing her arms on the back of the couch and gripping it...

"Fuck, Sunny!"

"Pleeeeeeeease give me your pussy, Blue...I need to make you scream and pull my hair! I am yours...let me drive your body insane...let me make you cum any way you want it!" Juices from my hot, throbbing pussy had already flowed down my inner thighs, soaking them...

Blue had slid her ass forward and was laying way back...I crawled up and straddled her tummy, my oversized, butterfly pussy lips rubbing on her skin, my juices flowing all over her...

She held my ass while I gave her breathless, and very hot, little kisses all over her lips. She spoke softly into my mouth between each one...

"Oh, my Sunny...you make me so fucking hot...all...the...time. My baby just doesn't know how to be a good girl, does she?"

I bit her lip with both of mine, pulled on it, then let go...

"You didn't want a good girl when you had me created, did you now..."

Blue was squirming, now...no wonder...my delicious juices, WAY hotter than those of a regular human being, had reached her pussy and were flowing over her clit...

"Well...no...I didn't...and I love the way you turned out..."

I had my mouth on her neck, now...and I know Blue loves this...my mouth was wide open and my teeth were against her skin...

"Since your baby is such a bad girl, I think you should you put on that double-dildo strapon and fuck her to death, so you?"

"Sunny...fuck...oh fuck...you're such a bad little slut..."

"Oooooooooo...then you need to fuck your slut REALLY hard and spank her while you do, don't you?"

To push her, I went ahead and sunk my teeth against her neck and growled at her...just doing that to her sent shocks to my pussy...

Her body jumped hard...

"SUNNY! DAMMIT!"

Then, she did one of the things which, playing fantasy or not, DOES make me cum without touching my pussy...

...she pounced her open mouth on my shoulder and bit me FUCKING HARD!

"FUCK YES, BLUE! BITE YOUR BABY HARDER!"

My body immediately went into hard spasms and I screamed! Through my entire body, including my pussy, I felt her biting my shoulder and I...came...damn...HARD! My cum flowed and flowed all over her gorgeous body as I quaked and shook, my orgasm taking all of me!

My forehead rested against her shoulder, my body still in a state of involuntary spasm, my quivering pussy still oozing my hotter-than-human cum and juices...

I got my mouth to her neck and gave her skin lots of hot, breathy kisses, sucking her skin, speaking very softly between each kiss...

"My precious Blue...thank-you for making me cum and taking care of me...I'm so lucky you had me created...I'm devoted to being your lover...devoted to fucking you anytime you want it...it makes me sooooo fucking hot to be owned by you...completely possessed by you...I love you..."

Blue turned her mouth to mine, her lips softly to my lips...

"I love you so much, Sunny...you are mine...mine...you shall always belong to me..." 

While looking right into her eyes, I hotly slid my body on hers...her breasts and tummy were covered in Sunnycum, and I only got more turned on...

"Let me make you cum more, my Blue...lots more...as many orgasms as your body can take."

I was created, per Blue's specifications, with the ability to make her uncontrollably horny, and to make her cum as many times as I wanted.

"Fuck yes! Make me cum all night!"

I smiled devilishly...I slid down and gathered a mouthful of my hot, sweet cum from her body with my tongue, then slid up to her mouth and kissed her very deeply...Blue purred and whimpered when I let my cum flow into her mouth...we played with it with our tongues in each other's mouths...it had dribbled all over her cheeks and down her neck...she softly squealed as I licked it all off of her.

She was still slid way down and I got back on my knees on the floor...I slid my thigh to her pussy and smiled at her. Teasing her by tossing my ass-length platinum blond hair back and letting it land on my darkly-tanned body, I ground my firm thigh muscle hard on her pussy.

She grabbed my thigh and fucked her pussy on my silky-smooth skin looking into my eyes...

"My Sunny, I am sooooooooo going to double-dildo fuck you!"

I looked at her through my bangs in my eyes...

"Make it the double that straps on...and I want the big end...I want to be fucked as hard as you can...you won't hurt me, baby. Just be ready...I fuck BACK!"

"I WILL fuck you hard...and you've been such a bad girl, I have to spank you while I fuck you!"

"FUCK yes! Fuck me! Spank me! I'm such a slutty whore for you!"

I have to be fucked hard. I LOVE when Blue rams the strapon toy into me, fucking against the very back of my hot, hungry pussy, my juices splattering both of us. She loves to make her baby scream...and I do, every time her wet body slams against my soaked thighs or my dripping wet ass... 

Our strap-on is also a double-dildo. The person wearing it fucks herself as she fucks her partner! I like two different positions the most...her on top and me on my back, so when she cums, she'll cum all over me. I DO love, however, being on my tummy...I can stick my ass in the air and make her super hot while she fucks my pussy from behind and spanks me...I love that!

Sometimes, on my hands and knees...we fuck each other to DEATH with my juices and cum splattering all over both of us...I love when she fucks me hard like that, and I ram my pussy back at her, both of us screaming and trying outfuck the other...

OR, I do love lying on my tummy and completely giving my body to her...it makes me cum like crazy, letting her fuck me and claim me as hers while she holds me down...her hands holding my arms down, her legs keeping my legs spread wide and holding them down...taking control of my body, her open mouth on the back my neck and biting me!

FUCK! THAT MAKES ME INSANELY FUCKING HOT! IT MAKES ME CUM OVER AND OVER!

Oh...and when I cum, my body shakes so hard...THAT moves her end of the toy around in her pussy. She has a tremendous orgasm and she smothers me in her cum! But, we don't stop and both of our soaked-with-cum bodies slap together as we keep fucking and fucking and cumming some more!!

(Remember, this IS my fantasy, but we do that anyway)

We go on for HOURS like that...switching to different positions...fucking hard...fucking savagely...fucking completely...

Amazingly, we DO finally stop...we're both soaked from neck to toes...we lightly rub and caress each other's bodies, making sure every inch of us is covered with cum. Then, we dab musk oil ALL OVER each other. Okay...we usually POUR it on our bodies and rub it around. 

With nowhere to go the next day, we let all that dry on our bodies, and we wear that all day long the next day...and, we don't wear clothes, so that's pretty easy...

At bedtime, we're holding each other and my legs are wrapped around her, both of us loving the exciting scent of each other...

"My Sunny...I'm so happy I have you...you're way more sexy than I thought you'd turn out, and I'm so in love with you!"

"My precious Blue...I LOVE belonging to you...I'm devoted to you...you own my body, my heart and my soul...I love you so, SO much!"

I ignored my pussy dripping on her inner thigh...we both fell off to a deep, contented sleep, wrapped around each other.

Sometime...sometime very soon, I would have to tell her about the mental power given to me by the lab. It's very good and Blue will like it if I can demonstrate it to her...and IF I can be a good girl and keep it in check while we're in public. We're planning a trip to the city! 

One problem Blue and the lab overlooked, though...I have no knowledge of how to be a proper lady in public...

Gee...I hope that and my overheated sex drive don't cause a problem...we'll see about that...I'll write all about it and keep you informed...

Thank-you for reading!

My love to all,

Sunny

2017 Sunny Johansen