 A lazy afternoon. Blue and I in bed.

We were sitting up, I was reading a mystery and Blue was working on her computer, doing whatever the hell Blue does. It's so secret, even I'm not supposed to know what it is.

While reading, I was idly playing with my pussy. That's pretty normal...it only takes one hand to hold my book, so, why not...

Blue paused her work and was in deep thought. I looked at her and smiled just because I love her and she's beautiful! She was looking at her computer screen, obviously thinking hard...I reached over and rubbed her chin, such as one would rub their own chin while thinking.

"I'm helping you, right? I'm sure this is helping you think."

She smiled at me. "Yes, baby...it's helping...and thank-you for giving up your pussy hand to rub my chin for me."

"Hey, anything to help!"

I slid my hand between her thighs. "I think if I rub more of you, you'll think even better." I laid my hand on her pussy and rubbed it lovingly. "Is it working, baby?"

"Ooooohhhh...I think that's working..." 

She spread her legs for me and continued her work. I saw her smile a little while typing.

Blue's pussy was getting wet beneath my hand, and getting much hotter. She squirmed a little. I held my book, pretending to read, my other hand rubbing her deeper and more hotly now.

Her work had slowed and she was breathing deeper. 

"Sunny...baby..."

"How's it going sweetheart? Getting a lot done?"

"Oh, there's a lot getting done, and none of it on my computer."

"Huh...I was sure I was helping!" I slid one finger inside her and smiled at her...she inhaled quickly and jumped a little, her hot, wet pussy gripping my finger as if wanting more.

"Fuck, Sunny!" 

She reached back and held onto the headboard while her body slid down...I watched her eyes and slid my finger in farther, wiggling it for her. Her computer stayed on her lap. I leaned to her lips and spoke softly. 

"Somehow, I don't think this is helping..."

"Oh...it's...helping..."

I kissed her, then lapped at her lips with my tongue...I moved down and slid my face between her legs, my head pushing the computer off her lap. Baby spread her legs wide for me...with my mouth wide open, I buried my face in her honey-sweet pussy and fucked her with my tongue, then sucked her to a hard orgasm!

I smothered her pussy with deep kisses, purring into her with each one. 

"Oooooooooo...my my my...I DO love your pretty pussy, baby."

"Baby loves YOUR pussy...and I'm going to have it!"

Wow...did she ever...

Blue tossed me onto my back while I squealed happily! She dove face-first into my pussy and fucking devoured me, noisily eating me while holding me down...she drove my body crazy and I came for her immediately, feeding her all my cum and screaming like hell the whole time! 

Baby swallowed every drop of me down her throat...my orgasm stopped, but SHE did not! Baby reached under my thighs and held my hands down and kept ravaging my pussy with her hot mouth...tongue-fucking, hard licking and sucking! My body shuddered uncontrollably and I came again, sending MORE hot ladycum down her throat to her tummy!

AGAIN, SHE DIDN'T FUCKING STOP...

After that orgasm, Blue just kept riding my pussy with her mouth, sucking my big outer lips in her mouth. I was screaming...my entire body was shaking from cumming only minutes before and baby wasn't letting up!

"FUCK YEAH! EAT ME, BABY!"

Blue growled and pushed her face harder into me...I grabbed the sheets and tried to hold on, but she was pushing my body with her mouth on my over-heated pussy...the sheets came loose and I slapped my hands on the headboard up past my head and FUCKED my pussy at her mouth...baby screamed and sucked harder...I came so fucking HARD, my body bucked violently, but she kept her mouth on my pussy, mouthfucking me to DEATH!

Baby swallowed the last of my honey-sweet Sunnycum, making slurpy-wet noises in my pussy as she licked me clean...

She sat up licking her lips and smiling at me. I could barely move...I rolled over on my tummy...she rubbed my ass while I barely got on my hands and knees. My goodness, my perfect lover had really worked me over...

I crawled on my hands and knees toward the edge of the bed, but got no farther, falling over onto my side. That's where I stayed. Blue pulled the covers over me and I fell asleep immediately. She, obviously invigorated, went back to work. 

I slept soundly, having been hotly fucked and fully satisfied by the lady who loves me and possesses my body. 

Thank-you for reading!

My love to all,

Sunny