 What you're about to read is true. No names were changed to protect the innocent, because, no one was innocent.

Unless I state otherwise, what I write are actual accounts of real sex between Blue and I. This is only one recent night in particular...we fuck no less than twice a day...usually three times...and some days, we just can't leave each other alone, resulting in what I can only describe as a fuckfest.

Fair warning: If you've clicked to this page expecting erotica, I urge you to find another author. This is porn, and I HOPE to make your toes curl while you cum hard enough to make the neighbors pound on your walls, make the neighborhood dogs howl and car alarms go off...

Blue and I, living in the desert, our closest neighbors are five miles away, so, we don't bother them...

I was on my back, my head propped up on two pillows. Blue was on top of me, her legs spread, her hips resting on my tummy. Our mouths were having sex with each other, our lips rubbing, our tongues sliding together...we exchanged lots of those hot, wet, little kisses...purring to each other...

We kept getting hotter and hotter...our kisses getting longer...our tongues going deeper. Our purrs became whimpers begging for more and more...

I slid my fingers of both hands softly down her back...she squealed into my mouth and fucked her tongue to my throat, keeping it there while sliding up so I could reach all of her, her arms over the top of my head...I slid my fingers through her ass, caressing her between her ass cheeks...

I could feel the heat from her pussy...her hot juices poured from her, soaking me...she was squirming now in the puddle of her that she'd made on my tummy...I spoke softly against her lips...

"Blue...pleeeeese eat me...eat me good...I belong to you...my entire body is all yours..."

Blue sucked my lips, then let go...

"Fuck yes...Sunny is mine..."

She fucked her tongue way inside my mouth, then back out...my breath was on her lips...

"Blue...baby...hold me down and fuck me with your mouth...take possession of me...take my pussy..."

She gave me a bunch of VERY wet, sexy kisses, speaking between them...

"Oooooooohhhhhh.........I should hold you down......and strap-on fuck you......make you my bad little slut..."

I grabbed her ass real fucking hard...I BURIED my tongue in her mouth and screamed!

"FUCK YES!! Fuck my pussy real hard! Make me your fucking nympho who can't get enough of you!"

At that, Blue smiled and slid down a little...I spread my legs for her, my entire body trembling, waiting to be claimed and possessed by the woman who knows how to make me cum over and over and over for her...

I spread my arms straight out and grabbed handfuls of the bedsheets...Blue propped herself up on her hands on each side of me...

"FUCK ME, BLUE!!!!"

Blue smiled and roughly shoved her thigh hard against my pussy...my juices splattering EVERYWHERE!

I screamed out-fucking-LOUD and came like HELL as she rubbed my hot, swollen pussy to death with her silky-smooth thigh...I destroyed the bedsheets, holding onto them for dear life...my body going crazy with hard earthquake spasms rocking me...

Blue kept riding my pussy with her thigh through the end of this hot orgasm only she can give me...my arms were still spread out, but I wrapped her with my legs, holding her while she slid up my body, licking her tongue through her juices still on my tummy...

She brought her mouth to mine...I wrapped her with my arms and kissed her...sucking her lips, trying to get more of her mouth...we were both breathless...

"Sunny....fuck me..........hard..."

I smiled and reached for our double-toy...Blue's eyes opened wide...

"Fuck yes! I want the big end!"

"Hmmmm...are you sure, baby? The big end is...well...pretty big."

"Damn right, I'm sure! I want it to fill my pussy! I want my slutty bad girl to fuck me hard as hell!"

"Ooooooooo...my lady needs it soooooooo bad..."

Blue was hot as hell...

"Yeah! And I hope you can handle me! Now fuck me!"

I covered the big end of the toy with my cum, slid down between her legs and used the toy to play with her lovely pussy...she pushed her pussy at the toy, trying to get it inside her. I spread her swollen outer lips and gently slid the toy in...her burning hot pussy swallowed it right up, her muscles pulling it farther inside her...

"Ooooooooooooooooooooohhhhhhhhhh fuuuuuuuuuck...."

I gave her more, her juices oozing out from around the toy...she was already shaking...

"Sunneeeeeeeeee!.....yes yes yes........give it to me......."

I slid it to the back of her pussy and she SCREAMED! She put her legs in the air and grabbed her ankles, screaming over and over...I slid the toy in and out of her slowly, hitting the back of her pussy...she pulled her ankles back farther to get her pussy in the air...

"BABY! MAKE ME CUM! FUCK MY PUSSY!"

The toy was sticking up in the air, buried in her pussy...I got up and lowered my pussy down on it, then moved my hips around in circles...her entire body was a mass of quakes and spasms...I fucked her, my pussy gripping my end and pulling the toy in and out of her...my juices were soaking her, flowing down over her pussy...I fucked her harder and she went crazy!

''YEAH! FUCK ME BABY! CUMMING BABY!"

I kept fucking her and rubbed her clit to death, then she came so fucking hard! Her cum flowed out from around the toy and down onto her lovely body...all that made me cum too! All over her pussy and ass!

I slowed gradually and slipped the toy from her pussy ever-so-slowly...her body shook some more and I helped her lower her legs...I licked our cum from her pussy, making her body spasm over and over...she held my hair, loving every bit of it, then pulled me on top of her cum-soaked body...she held my ass while I slid around in our cum that was covering her...

"Blue...my hot lover...it feels soooooo good to be your own personal slut...your hot whore who loves to fuck you anytime you need me."

We kissed...and kissed...and kissed....Blue spoke softly between kisses...

"Mine......mine.....all fucking mine.........Sunny belongs...........to Blue...."

That...just that...made me horny as hell all over again...

I put LOTS of musk oil all over her and all over me, then I wrapped her with my body and we kissed some more, purring and whimpering into each other's mouths...then, we fell asleep, knowing we'd be fucking like animals all weekend...

*

Thank-you for reading!

My love to all,

Sunny

© 2017 Sunny Johansen

Protected by U.S. and international copyright law under Title 17 U.S.C. 504. The consequences of copyright infringement include statutory damages of between $750 and $30,000 per work, at the discretion of the court, and damages of up to $150,000 per work for willful infringement.

Infringement detected by Copyscape Theft Detection.