  Part 1: Recruits Gone Wild




Barbie Lez has always been exceptionally smart. At age eight, two things in her life were certain; she was a lesbian and she would become a US Marine. As usual, it did not take long for Barbie to tell her best friend April about it. Both friends were stunned when April came to a shocking realization; she was a lesbian too. But the shock soon faded and the two agreed to become girlfriends. They had been friends for as long as they could remember, so it made sense for them to take their relationship to the next level. Smart enough to see their parents would not understand how they felt about each other, they agreed to keep their relationship a secret. At ten, they shared their first kiss and by twelve, their first make out session. When they lost their virginity to one another at age fifteen, they realized it was now time to come out of the closet; they had to tell their respective families.

As expected, the news shocked Barbie's parents, but the unexpected came in the form of Brittney, her little sister. Utterly shaken by the news, she went weeks without speaking a single word to her sister. Barbie often tried to understand why Brittney reacted so harshly, but never got a straight answer, not even when Brittney started speaking to her again. As the weeks turned into months, the two sisters grew further and further apart until they no longer felt like family.

As for Candy, things did not go much better. Her parents—helped by Barbie's—even tried to keep them apart, but when the young couple ran away, they realized their love was stronger than all. Although it would take them time to accept their respective daughter's sexual orientation, they had no choice. Over the next few years, things only got worse for the young couple. They became outcasts in their own families. Barbie's relationship with her sister somewhat improved, but the two would never be the friends they once were.

When they finally turned eighteen, they got married and moved out. Realizing they had forever lost them, their parents did not even try to stop them. Unlike their parents, the young couple was finally happy. They got their first apartment together and, for the first time in years, they were truly happy; they could have sex whenever—and wherever—they wanted without having to worry about their parents hearing them. But as these things often do, it soon came to an end. One day, the money ran out and the young lesbians were forced to come to grips with the harsh reality; they had to get a job.

That is when Barbie's second childhood realization came into play. Only a few short months after the big move, Barbie enlisted. April was devastated to see her wife leave, but knew how much this dream meant to Barbie. So, although she felt her heart break that day, she did no stand in her young wife's way.

After a tearful goodbye—during which Barbie promised everything would be all right—the young recruit was off. She spent the next twelve weeks going through basic training. As much as she missed April, she could not deny how awesome it was to finally live her life-long dream. She learned how to handle all sorts of weapons as well as all military techniques she would need in a combat situation. It was only when the training pulled to an end that she realized just how much she missed April. She started to count down the hours until their reunion, but the fateful moment never came; within hours of the training's end, she was shipped out. The young couple was torn apart by war as they soon found themselves on opposite sides of the world.

*  *  *

"Wow!" gasps Barbie as she and the other recruits march off the cargo plane. All around them is a non-stop buzz of activity. Soldiers in uniforms hurry about, weaving their way through the numerous Humvees and the occasional tank that clutter the base. Standing before the recruits in a gigantic building that stretches as far as the eye can see. A smile appears on Barbie lips as she forgets all about April and realizes she cannot wait to be a part of the action.

It is only now that she realizes she has momentarily stopped to take in her impressive surroundings. Suddenly, she feels something hit her from behind, knocking her to the ground.

"What the fuck?" she mutters as she peers up to find a fierce-looking, but ho-so-hot brunette. Not paying any attention to the young blonde, she marches on.

"Please, don't apologize," mutter Barbie sarcastically as she gets to her feet and starts dusting off her brand new uniform. Unlike most other recruits, Barbie somehow manages to fill out her uniform in all the right places, making her one of the hottest soldiers on base.

She has long, platinum blonde hair with strategically placed, bright pink highlights, full, pouty lip and piercing, emerald green eyes. She begins by dusting off her tight, molding camouflage tank-top which barely contains her firm, D-Cup boobs. Her erect nipples can clearly be seen poking through the thin fabric as a considerable amount of cleavage remains visible because of the clothing's revealing design. She then dusts off her tight pants. Her hands slide across her firm, bouncy ass before traveling back around to the front where her fingers momentarily come into contact with her clean-shaven, panty-free labia which remain quasi-visible beneath the think fabric of her camouflage pants. Although presently hidden beneath her clothing, the busty lesbian has a large tattoo hovering between her pussy and navel; bright pink with black trimming, it is in the shape of the lesbian symbol. Both she and April got matching tattoos to celebrate their long-awaited union.

Grabbing the large duffle bag that contains every last one of her few belongings, Barbie hurries along to catch up to the group of recruits that is being led towards the large building. When they reach the building, they are split into two groups; girls on one side, boys on the other. Although most groan when they learn each sex will be assigned to a separate part of the building to avoid any lewd behavior, Barbie feels a smile curl her lips as she sighs in relief.

The busty blonde and all other female recruits are led to their sleeping quarters which consist only of a huge room with row after row of bunk-beds. There must be a few hundred at least.

"Find a bed and get settled in!" says their commanding officer as she turns and heads out, leaving the crowd of young women to themselves. Within seconds, the loud buzz of conversation fills the room as everyone hurries through the field of beds to find the perfect one. Barbie weaves her way through the beds until she finds one in the far corner. It is perfect for a little peace and quiet... or so she thinks. She struggles beneath the weight of her heavy bag as she struggles to hoist it up onto the top bed. Right before she manages to lift the heavy bag high enough to place it onto the bed, a busty brunette throws her own bag on the top bunk.

"Sorry, it's taken," says the newcomer as she climbs up next to her bag. Distracted by the unexpected turn of events, Barbie loses her balance and crashes to the floor.

"Goddammit," she swears as she gets to her feet and peers up to find... the same brunette that knocked her down before.

"You!" she growls as she recognizes the hot young woman. The brunette pays no attention to her; she is too busy unpacking.

"Didn't you see I was about to take that bed?" asks Barbie.

Finally, the brunette peers down at her.

"You were too slow," she simply says with a shrug.

Barbie feels anger boil within her, but, knowing better than to pick a fight on her first day, decides to take the lower bed as all the nearby top bunks are already taken. She barely has time to get settled in before they are split into smaller groups for orientation. Her group—which consists of a few dozen recruits—is soon led into a smaller room.

"Take a seat," says the busty orientation officer that waits for them at the far end of the room. Being one of the last young women to enter the room, Barbie finds one of the final few empty seats. She is about to sit, but right before, someone slips past her and steals it. It is the same brunette as before!

"Hell no!" she mutters as she realizes this is the final straw. She will no longer get pushed around, no matter what the consequences. Determined to prove she is not a pushover, she shoves the brunette aside and takes a seat.

Just like Barbie, the busty bully is not so easily defeated. She jumps to her feet and uses a foot to push Barbie off her seat, forcing her to the floor for the third time.

"Fuck you!" yells Barbie as she jumps to her feet and swings. Unfortunately for the young blonde, the brunette sees the attack coming. She easily dodges the blow and throws a jab that hits Barbie in the stomach. Although the air gets knocked from her lungs, Barbie manages to throw another punch. She lands it, forcing Candy to bend over with pain. Before things can escalate further, their fellow recruits intervene. A few pairs of hands grab them and soon immobilize them. Both rivals struggle to break free and take out their anger on each other, but they remain restrained.

"That's enough!" yells their orientation officer as she strides over. Barbie and the brunette immediately calm down.

"Let 'em go," orders the superior and the recruits immediately release the troublesome young women.

"Since you seem to have some issues to resolve, I'll give you all the time you could possibly need to come up with a solution to whatever the problem is..." she starts, then adds with a smile, "...cleaning the latrines."

Barbie's eyes fly open.

"But it wasn't my fault," she tries to explain, 

"She was the one..." Before she can finish, the orientation officer cuts her off.

"I don't care whose fault it is. Now get to work!" she says.

"But..." starts Candy, but a glare from her superior tells her it is time to shut up.

The two rivals spend the remainder of the day cleaning out latrines. For the first few hours, Barbie keeps herself distracted by muttering revenge plans beneath her breath, but, before long, she is too exhausted to do anything else than her job. After what seems like a week, the day finally comes to an end and they are relieved. By then, they are totally exhausted, utterly filthy and smell of ... well, pretty much every foul odor imaginable. Getting a whiff of their rank smell, their commanding officer orders them to go take a shower.

The two young women are all too pleased to obey and soon find themselves in the showering room. Because their day lasted longer than all other recruits, the showers are completely empty, giving the two young women complete privacy. The showering room consists of nothing more than a large room with showerheads sticking out of the walls. An entrance is located in two of the four corners with a long bench running the entirety of the wall to link the two.

Although this would be the perfect time for the two to finish the fight they had started earlier, neither of them has the desire—or the strength—to do so. Standing mere feet apart, the two women do their best to ignore each other as they start to strip. As much as she despises the young bully for coming after her for no apparent reason, Barbie cannot help but steal a quick glance when she sees her start to disrobe.

"Damn!" thinks Barbie as she studies the brunette's body for the first time since their initial encounter. She only now realizes just how gorgeous she really is.

She has long, brown hair, hazel eyes and fleshy lips. A faint smile appears on Barbie's lips as her shower-mate slips out of her regulation uniform top. Just like Barbie, she wears no underwear, so her firm, D-Cup boobs are instantly revealed. The young blonde's eyes remain glued to them as she feels a spark of arousal deep within her pussy.

"Fuck!" she thinks, mentally reprimanding herself for being turned on by the woman who would undoubtedly become her nemesis. But such thoughts soon leave her head when Candy turns around and pulls her pants down, exposing her bare ass to Barbie's intent gaze.

"Oh my god!" thinks Barbie as she feels a wave of arousal wash over her. She again tries to regain control of her emotions, fully aware that she should feel hate for the busty brunette, not attraction. But any thought of self-control is soon forced from her head as the hazel-eyed recruit turns around.

"Wow!" is all Barbie manages to think as her eyes come across the brunette's pussy. A perfectly-trimmed pubic hair arrow points to her clean-shaven labia, forcing the most powerful wave of arousal yet to wash over the busty blonde. It takes every bit of self-control for her to keep from reaching out and pulling the stunning brunette in for a long, passionate kiss.

"Control yourself," thinks Barbie as she realizes how wrong it is for her to be attracted to her now fully-naked shower-mate. And not just because she was a complete bitch to Barbie from the moment they met. The biggest reason why Barbie cannot act upon her feelings is April; her wife.

Managing to regain control of her emotions, Barbie decides the best thing to do is hurry through the shower and get out of there before anything regrettable happens. With that in mind, she begins to strip. Just like her blonde counterpart, the busty bully seems quite interested in seeing more of the stripping recruit's sublime body.

"Damn!" she thinks as she spots Barbie's large, lesbian-themed tattoo. Maybe her plan would work after all. None of her previous attempts had paid off, but the tattoo gives her hope. Her eyes remain glued to Barbie's body until she heads off to a nearby showerhead.

"This is gonna feel so good," thinks Barbie as she turns on the water and adjusts the temperature. When it is just right, she gets ready for the soothing feel of millions upon millions of warm drops raining down upon her tired body. Right before she steps forward, the annoyingly disturbing brunette takes her place beneath the artificial waterfall.

A simple sigh escapes the busty blonde. Too tired to argue, Barbie takes the nearest showerhead and turns it on. Less than a minute later, the temperature is perfect and the young lesbian takes a step forward. Uninterrupted, she feels the water rain down upon her filthy body.

"Ahhh!" she sighs as she begins to relax from the exhausting day she just had. She reaches over and grabs a bar of soap from a nearby soap shelf. Another sigh escapes her as she begins to lather her flawless figure before working every inch of her tired body with her equally tired fingers.

Although quite busy forcing every last speck of dirt to leave her skin, Barbie still finds the time to throw the brunette the occasional glance. On more than one occasion, she finds her staring back at her, but each time their eyes meet, the two young recruits immediately look away. As her eyes once again travel to the hot bully's soap-covered body, she feels her hand slide across her stomach until her fingers come into contact with her soap-covered labia.

"Mmmmm!" she moans softly. Luckily the sound of millions upon millions of drops slamming down upon the tiled floor stops the blonde's moan form reaching the brunette's ears. Her fingers start to move around tentatively for a few seconds before she realizes what is going on; she is masturbating!

"Fuck!" she mutters as she pulls her hand away. Unlike the first, this exclamation remains not unnoticed.

"Did you say something?" asks the hazel-eyed recruit as she glances over at Barbie less than a second after the blonde has torn her hand from her crotch.

"Nope," lies Barbie, but the smile on her shower-mate's lips tells her she is not so easy to fool. The horny blonde starts to panic and soon feels the soap slip from her fingers. She fumbles with it for a second before seeing fall to the floor. It slides across the tilled surface and comes to a stop between the brunette's feet.

"Dammit!" thinks Barbie before saying aloud, "Do you mind?"

The brown-haired recruit peers down at the bar of soap for a few seconds before bending down to pick it up. But instead of handing it to Barbie she keeps it close to her body. Barbie reaches out, but the brunette makes sure to keep the desired item just out of reach. Barbie sighs as she takes another step forward. Once again, the item remains just out of reach.

"Come on," says Barbie in an annoyed voice as she takes yet another step. She is now close enough for the busty brunette to grab her and pull her close. A surprised grunt escapes the young blonde as she feels the woman's erect nipples pock at her boobs. Their eyes momentarily make contact and Barbie can see a ring of lust circle each one of her fellow recruit's irises.

"Oh fuck," mutters Barbie as she suddenly realizes what is about to happen. Before she can do anything to stop it, the brunette grabs Barbie's head and pulls her in for a long, passionate kiss.

"Mmm?" moans Barbie half out of surprise, half out of shock as she feels a tongue slither past her lips. As shocked as she is by her shower-mate's unexpected behavior, Barbie is even more shocked when she finds herself enjoying it. Struggling to keep from kissing her back, is takes the busty blonde a few seconds to realize the young bully is still passionately making out with her.

Meanwhile, the horny brunette is all too happy as she finds herself surprised by how long it takes Barbie to push her away. Just when she thinks such a thing will not happen, she feels the blonde's lips leave hers.

"What the fuck are you doing?" almost shouts Barbie as she takes a step back.

"Isn't it obvious?" wonders the dark-haired beauty as she reaches out and pulls Barbie in for another passionate kiss.

"Mmmmm!" moans Barbie again. Imagine her surprise when she realizes it is a moan of lust, not surprise. She still manages to refrain from reciprocating the brunette's eager tongue strokes, but does not have the force—or the will—to pull away. As the seconds slowly tick by, Barbie feels increasingly powerful waves of arousal wash over her as the dark-haired recruit's eager tongue continue to dance around in her mouth.

"I didn't think it would be this easy," thinks the busty bully as she runs her hands down her blonde counterpart's back until she reaches her firm butt. Within seconds, she is expertly massaging her ass with both hands, forcing ever-powerful moans to flow past Barbie's lips.

"Oh my god!" mentally gasps the increasingly horny blonde as she remembers something; she is married! As aroused as she by her lesbian shower-mate, Barbie cannot give in to her ever-growing feelings. She must fight!

"Don't give in!" she tells herself as she struggles to break free from the hazel-eyed beauty's spell. It takes the better part of a minute, but she eventually finds the strength to pull away.

"Stop!" she yells as she again takes a step back, but she tone of her voice leaves the brunette smiling. She knows fully well that Barbie wants her.

"Why?" she asks teasingly as she reaches out and sensually runs her finger along Barbie's arm.

Barbie feels a shiver of delight ripple through her entire body, but, determined to keep control of her emotions, remains unaffected. Taking a deep breath to clear her mind of all dirty thoughts, she opens her mouth to speak. It takes her a few tried before she can finally speak.

"I... I have a wife," she stutters, pointing to the ring around her finger.

The brunette scoffs.

"Really?" she asks, "Because that's not what your pussy is saying." With that, she pulls Barbie in for yet another kiss. Before the busty blonde has time to react, the horny bully reaches down and presses her palm against Barbie's engorged labia.

"Mmmmm!" moans Barbie. Once again, the moan is the result of lust, not surprise. She feels the most powerful wave of arousal yet wash over her as the brunette's hand begins moving around, expertly massaging her lower lips. Although the young blonde loves her wife with all her heart, the moment she feels her shower-mate's hand on her labia, April vanishes from her mind; it is like she never existed. Now with nothing stopping her, she finally gives in to her lustful urges. Not wasting a second, she starts kissing her fellow recruit.
