 I know some of you don't like it when I talk about bananas. I just write it how it happened, and if I left them out, I wouldn't be telling you everything, right? 

Be not worried. This is not about that. It's only how it started, I assure you.

I LOVE reading your comments and I appreciate them! If you can leave some way of contacting you, either by email or site message, I can thank you in person. Thank-you! 

I could eat a normal breakfast and often do, but when Blue finds herself particularly horny at breakfast time, she knows what to do...I get my breakfast and she gets her hornies taken care of. Then she takes care of mine...

Blue peeled a banana and let me watch her slide it in her soaking-wet pussy...that is so fucking hot to watch! To tease me a little, she slid it in and out of her, her juices oozing from around it. Just when it started to get too mushy for that, she slid it all the way inside her pussy and kept it there, squishing it with her pussy muscles and letting it mix with her sweet juices. I watched and smiled, getting hotter, wetter and more hungry by the second. 

I slid my wet mouth along my baby's inner thigh while she held her hand on her pussy, trying to keep the luscious banana from oozing out before she could feed it to me. I kissed and licked her soft skin, torturing her...making her whimper and pull gently on my hair with her other hand.

"Sunny...baby...you aren't making this easy..."

Her thigh muscles tensed with her pussy muscles...I giggled and opened my mouth wide on her inner thigh. She said, "Fuck no...don't you bite me...don't you dare..."

Banana and Bluejuices were now oozing from between her fingers. I playfully licked where her fingers were together and purred to her...when more came out, I spread them on her inner thighs with my fingers, then licked them, sucking her skin real hard right next to her pussy. That made her wiggle and jump hard.

"SUNNY! NO! FUCK, YOU HAVE TO WAIT!"

I teased her by trying to push my tongue between her fingers...she tried to wriggle away, but I had my arms around her ass, holding onto her. I just barely got my tongue between her fingers to her clit. I think she let me do that...she was dying to cum, but she wanted the banana mixed with LOTS of her juices before feeding it to me.

Oooooooooohhhhhhh...just a little more of her clit...that's all this will take...

Baby screamed and pulled her hand away from her pussy. Breakfast! 

Instantly, my mouth was on her pussy, eating her alive. "Oh, fuck yeah, Sunny...take your banana..." Baby wriggled her pussy on my mouth and grabbed handfuls of my hair, yelling, "SUCK ME! EAT ME GOOD!"

She came deliciously, sending a flood of her cum and creamy banana to my mouth, her body rocking wildly...I held her ass, sucking hard and swallowing my breakfast by the mouthful. It was so hot, coming from her pussy!

Her orgasm started to pass and her body calmed...somewhat. She was now rocking hips forward, rhythmically stroking her pussy against my wide-open mouth...her sweet cum and banana still hotly oozing from her. I slid my long tongue inside her as deep as I could, giving her mini-spasms while she rocked and breathed heavily.

Harder sucks made her squeal when I let her outer lips pop from my mouth over and over again, her body jumping. 

I didn't see this coming: she planted her feet on the floor, leaned forward and, roughly but playfully, dove against my body, pushing me backward on the floor! I landed on my back, giggling...she pinned my hands down and pounced her mouth on my pussy, sucking me hard enough to make me scream!

Baby fucked me with her mouth, savagely eating me. It makes me hot as fuck when she holds me down and sucks me hard, taking my pussy, the pussy she owns. She can't hurt me...she knows she can suck me as hard as she wants...it just makes me cum harder and scream louder for her.

My body bucked wildly with the forever-orgasm she gave me...she squealed into my pussy, taking all my cum in her mouth and down her throat, making such hot, wet sounds while she swallowed all I had...

We would have spent the entire day playing with each other, but, had to spend that day and part of the evening in town. When we finally got home, got out of our clothes in a hurry, and that night before going to sleep, we made each other cum deliciously while our mouths devoured each other's lips.

My throbbing pussy woke me in the middle of the night. She was asleep, but her silky thigh, was between my legs, driving my pussy wild. I had already dripped my juices on her while asleep. My open mouth was against her lips and I breathed hard on her mouth while holding her thigh and fucking my pussy on it...with my lips nearly touching hers, my soft squeals and my hard-trembling orgasm woke her.

Breathlessly, I smothered her lips with kisses and spoke softly, "Give your pussy to me...I have to suck you...have to, have to..."

She used her nails of both hands to stroke me down my back. "Come to my pussy, baby...take my cum...it's all yours." 

She spread her thighs wider for me while I slid down between them...she wove her fingers into my hair and my mouth took her pussy, sucking it in. Her hot juices were already flowing, filling my mouth while she purred to me, "There you go, my sweet, slutty lover...my pussy is all yours..."

I whimpered into her and sucked more...she pulled my hair and her body rocked and shuddered with the wild orgasm I gave her immediately. "Fuck! Take my cum...suck all my cum, baby...ooooohhhhh...fuck yes!"

When her body relaxed, I couldn't stop...I wanted more, and kept sucking her...devouring her for another screaming orgasm, every bit of her delightfully burning my throat as I swallowed and swallowed!

I came while sucking her, just because it was so fucking hot and sexy...giving her one orgasm after another, then another and another until the sun just started to show itself on the horizon. Completely spent, we fell asleep in each other's arms, our legs entangled.

The End