 The best fuck I've ever had? That's got to be Ava.

Every time I close my eyes I can feel her fingertips expertly moving across my skin, her voice a soft and sultry whisper in my ear. God, she was beautiful. Even her name was sexy... Ava. Ava with her shoulder length chestnut hair, curling inwards at her shoulders. Standing at 5'7, she was slim yet pearshaped, with small pert tits and gorgeous hips and thighs, thick but toned. She was pale, but it worked for her, her milky skin somehow complementing those dark chocolate eyes I could get lost in. 

My skin is peachy, with freckles on my nose and shoulders. My green eyes are a world away from hers. We do have something in common though... I probably should have mentioned... I'm a girl.

* * *

Ava and I were having a quiet night in. She'd had a rough day at work and wasn't in the best of moods. We'd just cracked open another bottle of wine, the first being a perfect accompaniment to dinner. She was curled up on the sofa, in beige chinos and a navy cashmere sweater, her dark hair framing her face. I myself had my long wavy brown hair tied up, and had thrown on some jersey shorts and an old flannel shirt just before Ava came home. 

"I'll get the popcorn, you whack on the DVD" I shouted from the kitchen.

She seemed distant, not really focusing on the film. 

I'd fancied Ava for a long time, ever since we met at university. Now that we were roommates, you'd think there'd be plenty of opportunities for me to tempt her into my bed, but I could never find the right time. Tonight was no different. 

"Here, I'll cheer you up. Let me give you a massage."

Normally, Ava's head would have said no, she was kind of a prude. However, tonight she listened to her body: her achy muscles cried out YES!, especially after the two bottles of Chardonnay we had shared. 

I told her to meet me in her bedroom; I had to fetch a few things. I watched her walk, her hips swaying - that perfect fucking arse teasing me with every step she took. Hurrying to my own bedroom, I grabbed a few scented candles and my special massage oil, doing a double take for the lighter. Hey, even if I was madly in lust over her, I could at least do this properly. 

As I walked through the doorway, I saw her curled up on the silk bedspread, the deep plum colour adding a regal touch to the room. 

"Lay on your front," I told her. "And get those clothes off." 

She mumbled something into the bedsheets, god knows what. I placed candles on various surfaces around the bedroom, lighting them slowly and revelling in the scent that filled the room – vanilla, lavender, rose and apple. I sat down next to her, and slipped a hand under her sweater, lightly tickling her back.

"Ava. Come on. Avs?" I rubbed her back. "It'll make you feel better, trust me."

With the wine clouding her judgement, she sat up. She didn't make eye contact. The cashmere sweater landed on the floor, joined by the pair of beige chinos and a bra. She lay on her front, face buried in a pillow, her delicious pale skin contrasting with the dark bedspread. All she wore was a little black thong, which hugged her hips perfectly. 

As I stood there salivating over that perfect arse, I almost forgot why we were there. I gingerly stepped towards her, the small bottle of massage oil still in my hand. Carefully kneeling next to her on the bed, I lightly traced my left hand to the side, up her back and towards her neck, whilst my right hand moved down the small of her back, just brushing her hip and thigh. 

You can't fucking ruin this, Ems, I told myself. The silence filled the room, broken only by Ava's soft, slow breathing. I poured some oil onto my hands, and reached down towards Ava's back. Fuck me, her skin was soft. I smoothed my hands from her shoulders down to her thong, eliciting a small gasp from Ava at the coolness of the oil. Mandarin and jasmine, the smell was stunning. It mingled with the scent of the candles, and shrouded us with a sense of serenity as my hands travelled up and down her back, caressing her soft curves with my fingertips, kneading her milky skin and soothing her achy muscles.

I slowly worked her neck and shoulders, paying close attention to her breathing; she seemed relaxed, her eyes closed and her lips hinting at a smile. I moved up to her left arm, smoothing oil slowly from her shoulder to her wrist in one fluid stroke, then rubbing back up in small circles, repeating the process a few times. I did the same to her other arm, and returned to her back. Brushing my hands along her sides, I was surprised she wasn't ticklish – she didn't even flinch. I daringly let my fingertips trace along the very sides of her breasts, the act of which made me catch my breath; the touch alone was like electricity. God, I'd waited so long for this.

I massaged the small of her back, which induced more small sighs of pleasure. This was it, now or never... I hooked my fingers on the sides of her tiny black panties and slowly began to pull them down. To my surprise, Ava merely lifted her hips an inch, to help me slip them off. They joined the sweater, bra and chinos on the floor, and my wandering hands soon found Ava's skin once more. 

Don't push your luck... My fingertips danced along her hips, carefully avoiding her buttocks. Never in my life have I had to exercise such self-restraint.

Her left leg was receiving my attention, my hands rubbing the oil along her thigh. Her legs were pressed together, blocking my access to her inner thighs. I carried along her leg, massaging her calf, and moving towards her feet. This was my chance. I lifted her foot, causing her leg to bend at the knee, and I subtly moved her leg towards me somewhat, whilst still working that silky smooth skin. I laid her leg down, leaving a good three inch gap between them. I repeated this on her other leg, which too now lay on the bedspread, glistening from the massage oil, with a 6 inch gap between her ankles. Sneaky should be my middle name... 

I started smoothing her legs from ankle to thigh, going from the sides, and rubbing move towards the middle with each stroke up. I took my time running my hands up her inner thighs, savouring each moment. To this day I don't remember if it was my imagination, or if Ava really spread her legs half an inch more when I was getting close to her pussy. Not yet, Emily. Not yet. Fuck. 

I let my hands rove up past her thighs, resting on her arse. Fuck. Fuck fuck fuck. I had to stop myself as I almost gave those gorgeous buttocks a hard squeeze. Instead, I caressed the smooth skin, alternating between slow and pressured kneading, and a faster pace with just my fingertips. She let out a definite sigh this time as my hands travelled back over her hips.

I worked her back some more, and nudged her side. She knew what I wanted, and she rolled over, eyes still closed, her breathing mostly slow and steady. I gazed at her body, from her long lashes, down past her full lips, her collarbones... I rested at her breasts. They were beautiful. Round and pert, with little pink nipples that I longed to suck on. I continued, looking at her flat stomach, her full hips, and her smooth pussy, shaved of course. Her legs lay spread a good eight inches this time, her inhibitions loosened by the wine and candles. 

My fingers trembled as they made their way towards Ava's neck. I barely touched her, as I traced a path from behind her ears, down her neck, and along her collarbones. I repeated this path, up and down, and could see Ava's mouth opening and closing a fraction of an inch, displaying her pleasure with small, silent moans. I went from grazing her collarbones, to kneading her arms, to brushing my fingertips along her ribs towards her flat stomach. I massaged her sides and her abdomen, moving up the valley between her breasts. Her chest was rising and falling more prominently now, her breathing sharper. I let my hands run over the curve of her breasts and back towards her navel, before stroking her hips. I massaged her legs, drawing her knees up towards her chest this time, one by one. A musky scent filled the room as her legs were spread, and I realised that she was wet. I accidentally-on-purpose brushed her pussy lips with my finger as I lowered her leg back down, and this time a distinctive gasp left Ava's mouth. A tense silence followed, but she made no objections. I took this as a sign.

I focused on her inner thighs, varying my touch from little circles traced with my fingertips, to smoothing my oily hands slowly from her groin to her knee and back up. I let my index and middle finger run along her swollen labia, causing her to let out a long soft moan. 

Her chest was rising and falling more shakily now, and I felt her unsteady breathing with my hands on her ribs. I dribbled oil along her breasts, and began to massage it in, carefully avoiding her nipples – now hard and dark pink, aching for attention. Her breasts filled my hands as I cupped them, squeezing and kneading them softly.

I flicked my hands over Ava's nipples. Her eyes flew open.

"Emily, we shouldn't do thi-" She stopped mid-sentenced and gasped loudly as I pinched her left nipple, which stiffened further under my touch. Our eyes locked, and I smirked as I thumbed her right nipple, causing her eyes to roll and her mouth to fall open. She was enjoying this as much as I was, and when I pinched her nipple hard, she let out a squeal, before matching my grin. "Oh fuck it Ems..." she sighed, watching me intently as I lowered my head towards her pert little tits. My mouth closed on her left nipple, and her low moans were music to my ears, as I sucked happily. I replaced my mouth with nimble fingers, and started to lick and suck her right nipple, lightly nibbling with my teeth, which caused even more moans to escape Ava's lips.

I moved my mouth up to her neck, leaving a trail of kisses, intermingled with bites. Hesitantly, I kissed along her jawline, and moved towards her mouth. My reservations were unnecessary; before I knew it, her lips were crushing mine, her tongue slipping into my mouth. I don't know how long we kissed – all I know is we were both breathless, her fingers entwined in my hair, my hand cupping her bosom. We stared at each other, panting, for what seemed like an eternity. I looked straight into her eyes as I moved my hand south; down her ribcage to her knee, before grazing my hand lightly along her inner thigh, stopping an inch from her cunt, dripping with moisture. I could feel the heat radiating off of her throbbing pussy, and longed to bury my face within its fleshy folds, tasting Ava for the first time. 

It was Ava who broke the silence first. "Oh fuck, Ems. Do that again." I repeated my action, trailing my fingers even slower this time, her silky skin damp with perspiration. She gasped as I got close to her cunt, and her breath shuddered as I drew my finger over her lips. I let my index finger delve into her pussy, and god she was wet. I couldn't resist. I brought my finger to my face, and let my tongue dart over it, tasting her sweet nectar. I had to have her.

I kissed her hungrily, my hand still working her inner thigh, occasionally brushing her labia. Her hips were bucking a little, but I intended to make her wait. 

I kissed along her neck and breasts, and let my hand to the work. I dipped my fingers in her wetness, and rubbed them slowly along her outer lips, probing her inner labia every few strokes. Ava kept her hips in rhythm with my hand, in an attempt to grind her clit on me, whimpering when I moved away my hand. 

"Beg." An echo sounded throughout the bedroom, though I did not raise my voice. Ava's moans and gasps fell silent, and she looked uncertain.

"Emily, what-"

"I said beg." I resumed rubbing slowly along her labia, purposely avoiding her clitoris, and her eyes widened as the words sank in.

"Emily." She whispered. "Make me come."

I flicked a wet index finger over her swollen nub, and she inhaled sharply through gritted teeth.

"Fuck, Emily. Please. I need you to make me come."

I needed no second invitation. I kissed and licked my way down along her stomach and hip, and let my hands fully take over. My left rested on her mound, my thumb and middle finger spreading her lips. My right hand stroked her dripping pussy, my slick fingers rubbing her clit slowly in circles. Ava's hips once more moved in time with me, her clit now grinding my thumb. 

Her gasps turned to whimpers, as I rubbed her clit with one hand and fingered her hot cunt with the other. Soon she was moaning louder and louder, pendulating her hips voraciously. Her fingers were gripping the bedspread, clenching hard, and her head was thrown back, eyes shut tightly. 

My mouth longed to osculate her delicious pussy; I was drawn to her sweet musky scent as if hypnotised. I moved further down the bed, and brought my face close to her slick folds. Her fragrance filled my nose, and I was dizzy with excitement as my tongue darted across her lips. I rubbed her clitoris with my thumb as I lapped at her inner labia, tasting her delicious juices. Her moans were becoming convulsive and shaky as she tensed with arousal. I moved my lips towards her throbbing bud, and my fingers pushed back into her hot pussy. My tongue circled her clit very slowly, avoiding direct contact.

"E-Emily... Fuck..." gasped Ava. I knew she was close; her pussy walls were tensing around my fingers. I suddenly sucked her clit hard, flicking my tongue over the very tip as I sucked, whilst rubbing her g-spot slowly, but with considerable pressure. 

Ava tensed one final time, her hips rising a few inches off the bedspread, whilst I continued to pleasure her cunt, sucking harder and licking faster. I felt her cunt contract, then pulse around my digits. She let out a guttural moan, and collapsed back onto the silk sheet, every inch of her skin glistening with sweat. Her gasping slowly began to subside; I gave her clitoris one final lick, before kissing my way up her body, and gently kissing her lips. 

"Christ, Emily... Where the fuck did you learn how to do... well, that?"

I laughed, and our lips met once more. Ava broke the kiss, giggling. "I suddenly feel somewhat underdressed" she said, lightly raking her nails along my thigh.

I didn't even bother undoing my shirt buttons; I simply pulled the goddamn thing over my head, and flung it across the room. She bit her lip as she gazed at my breasts, and reached out to cup one, much larger than her exquisite handfuls. I straddled her, my tits resting on her chest. I toyed her nipple absentmindedly as we kissed; I don't know how much time we spent like this, it could have been a minute, could have easily been an hour. I stiffened as a familiar sound broke the near-silence; the phone was ringing.