 "Please, Blue...please rub Baby's ass?

I laid across Blue's lap. I LOVE when she rubs and pats my ass.

"You know I WILL, Sunnybuns!" Blue used one hand to pat my ass, then she rubbed large circles on my ass...her other hand caressed the back of my thighs.

"Mmmmmmm...You always make my ass feel so good, Blue." 

I couldn't resist raising my ass in the air a little. Blue patted me firmly, then kept rubbing me. I wiggled my ass to tease her a little.

"Sunny...if you tease me, I shall have to attack you!"

"Oooooooo...you like my dark-tanned ass, don't you sweetheart? You like how nice and firm it is...you LOVE how it makes your pussy wet, don't you!"

Blue gave my ass a playful spank. "Stop Sunny! You're teasing my pussy, and you know it!"

I giggled. "Me? I am not! I'm not even touching your pussy!" I giggled again.

"You don't HAVE to touch my pussy to tease it, Sunny! Now stop being such a bad little slut or I will spank you harder!"

THAT sent a shock to my pussy. "Oh no! Not that!" 

I giggled again and shoved her with my ass. 

Blue gave me an even harder spank...I felt it in my pussy and started soaking her thighs with my juices. Blue started deeply massaging my ass with both hands.

I lowered my hips back down to her lap and gave my ass completely over to Blue. 

"Oooooohhhh...yes...Baby's ass belongs to Blue." 

Blue leaned over and gave both of my firm ass cheeks a big, wet kiss. "Oh, yeah...Sunny's ass belongs to me...Sunny's pussy belongs to me. Best of all, Sunny fucks me whenever I want."

She was now lightly caressing my ass with her fingertips...I was just lying there, purring for her and loving every bit of it.

Blue reached over to the nightstand and got a Sharpie permanent marker. She wrote on my ass in very small letters, "Belongs to Blue." Then, she gave me a firm double-pat on my ass. "There ya go...all mine!"

Fuck...that thrilled my pussy to death...I could feel my juices flowing onto her thigh. I spread my legs for her...she loves when I spread my legs for her, giving my pussy to her to do whatever she wants.

"Yes, my sweet Blue...all of me belongs to you...I LOVE being your own personal fucktoy!

"Ooooooooohhhhhhh...my Sunny...yes, baby...give me your pussy."

Blue was teasing my ass, now, with one finger deep between my ass cheeks...her other hand was massaging my burning-hot, sloppy-drippy, very swollen pussy.

I had my ass back in the air and was DYING for Blue to fuck me. I had my forehead on the mattress and was making a bunch of sexy little purring noises. "Baby? Please fuck me? Please fuck me real hard, baby?"

Blue always knows how to treat my ass, AND, guess what...Blue knows how to make me cum without touching my pussy...just by fucking my ass! 

I told you, she's perfect!

She knew I could cum any second. She reached into our toy drawer and picked out our biggest, hugest toy...a big, oversized dildo! She giggled...she knew I could take it...I'd teased her many times by fucking myself with it.

Blue lubricated it and teased me with it...playing with my ass. I pushed my ass back against it, urging her on.

"YES BABY! GIVE IT TO ME! FUCK ME!"

Blue gently eased the big toy inside me. It slid in deliciously! 

I squealed loudly and inhaled quickly...my body collapsed onto her lap, my legs spread real wide for her. My voice was very shakey.

"Oooooooooooooooooooohhhhhhhhhhh..."

Blue LOVES this. She knows exactly how to drive my body insane. She slid the toy deeper inside me, then started to slide it in and out while caressing her fingers down the middle of my back.

I whimpered loudly each time she fucked the toy into me...the intense pleasure shooting straight to my pussy. My body started to tense up, an intense orgasm was building deeeeeeeeeep inside me. I grabbed handfulls of the covers and pulled on them...

"BLUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUE! BABY'S GONNA CUM! FUCK ME! FUCK ME FUCK MEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!"

Blue turned sideways, facing my feet, and wrapped her arm around my waist...she rammed my ass harder, screaming with me each time...

"I'M CUMMING! DONT STOP, BLUE!" Suddenly, a fucking earthquake orgasm took me over...arising from way down deep inside me...Blue held me tighter around my waist and kept fucking my ass...I came and came and came...my cum POURED from my pussy onto Blue's thighs...I fucked my ass back to meet every thrust she drove into me!

After forever, my orgasm ended, but my body was a mass of quivering muscles. Blue gently eased the toy out, got on her back and pulled me to her tummy, my legs spread and straddling her. She gave me long strokes from my shoulders to my ass to calm my muscles.

My breath was against her neck, my breathing very deep. "Oooooooohhhhh, Blue...my wonderful Blue...you're so fucking awesome...thank-you, baby."

Blue kissed me very deeply, then kept her lips close to mine. "I LOVE fucking you, Sunny...and your hot cum flowed all over my pussy! That, I REALLY love!"

I started to slide down toward Blue's pretty pussy. "Did it now? Well, I think I should clean you up!"

I stopped at her breasts and pulled each of her nipples with my lips. Blue screamed and grabbed my hair. Her body jumped each time. I smiled at her and she was trying to wriggle her hips up...eagerly trying to get her pussy to my face.

While looking right into Blue's eyes, I gave her clit a big, sloppy kiss...and I couldn't resist sucking it a little. Oh...her clit was sooooooo hot and swollen! Her body jumped HARD and she pulled on my hair, screaming out loud...

"SUNEEEEEEEEEEEE! FUCKING EAT MEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!"

I gave her inner thigh a long lick with my tongue. "Mmmmmmmm! Tell me baby...who is the hottest woman in the world?"

"YOU, SUNNY! IT'S YOU!"

I slid my warm, wet tongue along her other inner thigh, stopping JUST short of her already-dripping pussy and smiled at her...

"Tell me this, hotstuff...who is your hot little slut who fucks you anytime you need her because she loves it so much?"

Blue's body was already trembling. "IT'S YOU SUNNY!!"

Her sweet juices were POURING from her...I flicked her hard clit only once with the tip of my tongue. She screamed again and her ass jumped off the mattress, her thighs closed on my head...

"All good answers! Now, ya better get this one right...who is your bad girl who gets hot as hell being your very own personal fucktoy...and loves you so MUCH, she is devoted to pleasuring you and only you, forever?"

"YOU YOU YOU YOU! FUCKING YOU, SUNNY! FUCK! NOW, DO ME OR I'LL DIE!!"

Blue's body was already a mass of shaking, trembling muscles...her breathing was very deep and quick...her juices were flowing like a river down to her ass.

Oh my goodness...she was already very close to cumming...

Very quickly, I slid my arms under her thighs, my shoulders keeping them apart...I held her wrists, pinning her hands to the mattress. 

All that was in about two seconds...the rest was blur...

I opened my mouth REAL wide... 

and POUNCED MY MOUTH ONTO BLUE'S PUSSY!

I sucked her swollen lips and clit into my mouth and sucked hard, making loud slurping sounds while I attacked all of her with my tongue!

Holding her like I was, I had her immobilized...AND pinned down with my mouth hard upon her pussy. Oh fuck! She was screaming and and her body was going insane!

''SUCK ME SUNNY! I'M CUMMING, BABEEEEEEEEE!"

My mouth was relentless on her burning pussy, and did she EVER cum! I didn't let up and her sweet cum filled my mouth! I LOVE that she cums so much!

With her orgasm over and my mouth still full of her cum, I nuzzled my face in Blue's pretty pussy, then crawled up to her mouth. 

Keeping my silky-smooth thigh firmly against her pussy, I kissed her VERY hotly and deeply. Blue purred in utter delight as I let her cum flow from my mouth to hers...

My thigh was rubbing her pussy...our tongues played with her cum, sharing it back and forth between our mouths.

Blue was whimpering very hotly and trying to fuck my thigh while kissing me...she swallowed all of her cum in her mouth, then spoke breathlessly, her hot breath against my mouth...

"Ooooooohhhhh, Sunny...baby wants more...please, Sunny? Make baby come again?"

I replied while licking her cum that had run down her cheeks...speaking between licks...

"You know I will, my sweet baby...I'm going to make you cum and cum and cum till the sunrise peeks in that window...and right now, I'm going to make you cum all OVER me."

I wrapped my arms and legs around her and rolled us over...she squealed happily was now straddling me with her legs spread wide. I had her high up on my body so I could reach her pussy and her lovely ass.

I held her ass and kissed her ever-so-deeply, then helped her to her hands and knees and looked hotly into her eyes...

"You'd better grab that headboard, baby...Sunny's taking you for a ride."

Blue eagerly got halfway to her knees and held onto the headboard...

"YES SUNNY!! PLEASE FUCK YOUR BABY REAL GOOD!"

I giggled, then slid down between her legs, grabbed her hips and roughly pulled her pussy to my mouth...

...oh yeah...she DID cum all over me very quickly! 

FUCK! I LOVED IT!

Then, I slid back up, took her hands from the headboard and spread my legs. I let her fall on her back onto the mattress between my legs...

I immediately dove headfirst to Blue's pussy and made her cum MANY times that night! Not stopping between her orgasms! Keeping right at her!

I finally crawled back up to her, gathered her into my arms and smothered her face with kisses.

Blue was so spent, but she managed to speak softly...

"I love you, Sunnybuns."

"I love YOU, my precious Blue."

The next morning, Blue couldn't even get out of bed.

*****

Thank-you for reading!

Love to all,

Sunny

Copyright 2016 Sunny Johansen