 This submission is a lot longer than my last one. If anyone thinks this is too long, kindly let me know for future submissions? Thank-you.

*****

Honey. 

It's not Blue's fetish...it's mine. 

Because she loves me, Blue often indulges my fetish, and it's one of the zillion reasons I love her.

I cannot think about honey without getting dripping wet. Just thinking about it makes my pussy throb very hard.

Some people think, "But it's so sticky!" No, not if you use a lot of it at a time, which I do. Blue and I used two gallons of honey that night! The more you use, the more it's delightfully gooey and slippery! 

You'll understand more of this, the farther I progress with it.

(Oh damn...ya see? I'm already hot as hell and I've hardly said anything yet!)

I had a quart jar and a squeeze bottle of honey on the nightstand. Blue was laying over my lap and I was rubbing her ass. She purred deliciously at the touch of my hand...

"Ooooooooo...ya like that, don't you baby..."

All she could do was purr some more...I could see her breathing deepen. In no time, her pussy would be dripping on my lap. I rubbed her lovely ass a little slower, then used just my fingertips to caress it. 

"Sunny...my sweet baby...you make me feel so fucking good. Please don't stop...more...please give me more."

"I'm just getting started, my love."

Holy hell...she wasn't going to last long at all...

I slid a finger from between her pussy and ass, all the way up between her ass cheeks...she squealed with delight! I did it a few more times and Blue's body jumped...she put her forehead on the mattress, grabbing the covers...Blue was already breathless...

"Fuck yes, Sunny...more baby...more!"

I dipped, just for now, only one finger in the honey jar...that finger was about to drive Blue out of her mind...

...I slid my honey-lubricated finger between Blue's ass cheeks...she raised her pretty ass in the air and purred like a contented kitten...

"Oh yes, Sunny...please play with my ass...fuck yes..."

I slid my finger farther down and slid it just ONCE over her opening...her whole body shook and fell onto my lap...

"SUNNY!"

I used the little honey squeeze bottle and dribbled more honey deep between her cheeks...

"Does my baby like honey on her ass?"

"Yes, I do, Sunny! Fuck yes!"

I slid my finger all around her opening...Blue grabbed bigger handfuls of the covers...her body was trembling...

"Perhaps I should fill your ass with honey and slide my tongue in there as far as it will go...I mean waaaaaaaaay inside your ass."

I played with her ass some more, rimming her opening, using lots of honey as a lubricant...Blue was now shoving her ass at my finger and breathing deeply...

I got between her legs and kissed her ass all over, but stopped there just for a second..

"My baby...your pussy is covered with honey...if I fill your pussy with honey, will you climb on top of me and let it dribble all over my body?"

"FUCK SUNNY! PLEASE TONGUE-FUCK MY ASS! PLEASE! NOW!"

I slipped my tongue just inside Blue's ass...Blue screamed and fucked her ass back at my face...

I withdrew my tongue from Blue's ass only long enough to slip around between her legs...I spread her ass cheeks and used my tongue to play with her opening, flicking it with just the tip, then just barely pushing it in...

Blue had her forehead on the mattress, shoving her ass at me, urging me on, trying to get more of my tongue...

"Ooooooohhhhhh...Sunneeeeeee...more baby!"

I removed my tongue and spoke while squirting more honey deep between her ass cheeks...

"Who's your hot, slutty little nympho, baby? Who's your own personal fucktoy?"

"FUCK SUNNY! IT'S YOU BABY! PLEASE FUCK MY ASS BEFORE I GO CRAZY!"

I spread her cheeks and POUNCED my mouth between them, fucking my tongue HARD into her honey-flooded ass...I reached down and ravaged her swollen clit at the same time...

"FUCK YES! HARDER BABY!"

I pushed my face harder between her cheeks and fucked my tongue even DEEPER into her ass, wiggling it like crazy, just the way she likes it...her clit was so damn swollen and hot between my fingers, she was going to cum any second!

"FUCK SUNNY! I'M CUMMING! FUCK ME!"

I drove my tongue mercilessly into her ass...all that honey flowed down over her pussy, slickly lubricating my fingers tormenting her clit...I slipped my thumb inside her pussy and gently massaged her g-spot...

...then, her body tensed up...her ass tightened on my tongue and she shoved it eagerly at my face...her clit suddenly lit on fire and she screamed loud enough to echo off the nearby mountains...

Blue came real hard! Her lovely cum flowed from her pretty pussy into my hand...I kept tongue-fucking her ass and riding her clit with my fingers, making sure I got all her cum...

When her orgasm passed, Blue's body rested back onto my lap...her breathing very deep...her thigh muscles still quivering...

I spread her cum all over my breasts and tummy...

"Oh...my Blue...you are the hottest thing on earth!"

"Noooooo...Sunny is!"

I reached for the quart jar of honey...things were about to get way hotter...

We climbed off the bed onto a very large sheet of plastic on the floor. Our bedroom is huge so we had a very large area to play.

Blue is so wonderful...she lets me do whatever I want with honey, using as much as I want. 

She got on her back with her knees up and I sat on her tummy, leaning back against her thighs...I smiled at her while pouring a luscious river of honey down the entire front of my body, starting at my neck. It flowed very slowly down over both of my large breasts and between them. I kept pouring the honey right on the base of my neck and just it flow down my body...

The honey got to my tummy and just kept flowing slowly. Oooohhhh...it felt so wonderful!

I had my legs spread apart so Blue could see my pussy...I was so fucking hot and excited...my juices were flowing down to my ass...Blue slid her finger from my ass to my pussy, making my body jump...

"Oooooohhhh, my Blue...you're going to make your baby cum all over you..."

"Go ahead and cum, sweetheart...I'd LOVE to be covered in honey and Sunnycum..."

I poured the last of the quart of honey on my body...honey was now flowing over my pussy. 

"Blue...fuck, this feels good!"

My outer pussy lips were large, swollen and very hot...I couldn't wait for Blue to suck them, which she does so well...she started massaging my pussy as the honey was now flowing onto her lovely body...

"Blue, you look so fucking good covered in honey...I just want to eat you up!"

"Guess what, baby...I think I shall let you do that!"

I let lots of honey flow onto her body and spread it all over her...we both had a thick layer of honey on our bodies, so it wasn't sticky...just delightfully gooey. FUCK! That turns me on!

I leaned forward and rested on my hands, sliding my throbbing, orchid pussy all over Blue's tummy...I brought my mouth to hers while fucking myself against her and her thick layer of honey...she held my hair and kissed me very hotly, then spoke against my lips...

"Cum for me, baby...cum all over me...I want to be covered head to toe with honey and Sunnycum..."

My body was shaking...my pussy was throbbing harder...Blue pulled my hair harder, urging me on...she knew how fucking much I loved this...we were both breathing harder and I was whimpering more and more...

"That's it, sweetheart...give it to me...I want every drop of your cum burning my body."

She attacked my mouth, trying to devour me...she fucked her tongue against mine...

I screamed into her mouth and a fucking earthquake overtook my body...

I parted our lips and screamed. "FUCK! BLUE! I'M CUMMING HARD!"

Blue let go of my hair and grabbed my ass, holding me onto her body...pressing my soaked pussy roughly against her. 

We were both covered in a thick, slippery layer of honey...

With all that lubricant to work with, Blue shoved her finger inside my ass and ravaged me...fucking the HELL out of my ass while my swollen pussy fucked against her tummy...

"YES BABY! FUCK MY ASS!"

Blue added a second finger to my ass and wiggled those fingers like crazy! My shaking, trembling body came fucking HARD and my pussy POURED my burning cum all over my lovely, honey-covered Blue!

When my fantastic orgasm passed, every muscle I had was still quivering...I collapsed on top of Blue, splattering our luscious cum-and-honey mixture...she slid her hands up and down my back and wrapped her legs around me...we kissed ever-so-deeply, letting our tongues play with each other.

Then I spoke against her lips, "Oh...my sweet, wonderful Blue...I love you so fucking MUCH."

"I love YOU so fucking much, Sunny!"

Then we kissed harder...roughly...devouring each other in a mass of purring and whimpering...our tongues fucking our mouths...

"Oh...Blue...I want your pussy...I HAVE to have my mouth full of your pussy."

"Would baby like to suck the honey from my pretty pussy?"

"Fuck yes!"

"Hmmmm...perhaps I should get on my hands and knees and feed baby honey with my pussy, then lower my pussy to her mouth and feed my pussy to her."

"Fuck YES!"

Blue KNOWS what she's doing to me...she buried her hand between my thighs and played with my honey-covered, throbbing, over-sexed pussy...my outer lips so hot and swollen...

She bit my bottom lip with both of hers and pulled on it, her breath hot against my open mouth. "Does baby promise to suck my pussy real fucking hard and make me scream while I pull her hair, holding my ass and not letting go of me?"

I bit her neck, screaming, then yelled, "FUCK YES, BLUE! GIVE BABY YOUR PUSSY!!"

My hot lover screamed with delight when I bit her, then she got the little squeeze bottle and filled her pussy with honey...

I'll finish this in part two...

Thank-you for reading!

My love to all,

Sunny