 Just watching Blue squirting honey into her pussy nearly pushed me over the edge!

She got on her knees and I eagerly slid between them, my face right under her...Blue let the honey dribble from her pussy, right into my mouth and on my face...

"Ooooooo...yes, my Blue...feed baby your honey!"

I rubbed her clit while honey oozed from her beautiful pussy...her body shook hard and her clit swelled even more...

"Fuck Sunny! I'm going to cum all over you!"

Her pussy dripped honey and Bluejuices all over my face...oh fuck...I was in heaven! 

She was still on her knees, but very wobbly. I was able to look up into her eyes. "Wanna make your baby your pussy-slut? Wanna feed me your pussy, sweetheart?"

I reached up and held her honey-slippery hips to pull her down to me.

"Fuck baby...eat me hard...make me cum!"

I pulled her down to my face. "That's it, sweetie...feed baby your pussy...I'll let you fuck my tongue..."

I open my mouth wide and held my hands under her ass...Blue lowered her throbbing pussy onto me..I buried my face deeply into her pussy and fucked my tongue into her...she started to gently fuck my face, her pussy seeming to suck more of my tongue farther in...

"OH FUCK! SUCK MY PUSSY REAL FUCKING HARD, SUNNY!"

I opened my mouth wider and sucked ALL of her, clit and all, into my mouth...I sucked her so fucking hard and used my tongue to fuck against her hot swollen out lips...

Oh yeah...I had a delicious, honey-covered mouthful of Blue...I slid my thumb between her ass cheeks and massaged her honey-lubricated opening...

"FUCK SUNNEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE! FUCK! FUCK!FUCK!"

I slid up so her pussy was over my body and and attacked her clit with my fingers...she fell down on her hands on both sides of me, on her hands and knees...I looked into her eyes with her clit firmly between my two fingers...

"Cum all over my body, baby...Sunny belongs to Blue...possess me and make me your cum-slut..."

That did it...Blue's body went into uncontrollable spasms...her ass still in the air, her lips fell upon mine and she tongue-fucked her way to my throat, screaming loudly into my mouth...I purred and whimpered back at her while a hot river of cum flowed from her pussy, burning my skin...

Ooooooooohhhhhhhh fuck! So much cum! How fucking wonderful!

Blue kept fucking her clit against my fingers while her cum covered me, from over my breasts and my tummy and...oh fuck!...flowing over my pussy!

Before long, Blue relaxed her body onto mine, kissing me very deeply. I wrapped my arms and legs around her...all that sloppy-slippery honey, now mixed with Bluecum, felt sooooooooo fucking good...

We were still licking each others lips..."Oh Blue...my sweet, precious baby...I love you so, so much..."

"Oh Sunny...fuck, I love you!"

She turned her body around on top of me and, oh-so-lovingly and affectionately, we licked and kissed each others pussies...it's something we do because our love is so intense.

...okay, okay...sometimes it stays "loving and affectionate"...sometimes not...

I stood up and took her hand, helping her to her feet...two beautiful, shining, shimmering, honey-covered women headed to the bathroom...

Nooooooooo...we were FAR from finished...

Awaiting us in our large, two-person bathtub? Two five-gallon buckets of honey...and we intended to use every drop...

Blue and I stepped into the bath tub...one five gallon bucket of honey in the tub...another outside the tub. 

Our bath tub is huge...more than big enough for two people and heated, because a bath tub can be very cold without warm water in it.

I closed the drain and Blue and I started slathering double-handfuls of honey on each other...oh fuck! My pussy was already on fire!

Blue knows what this does to me. It's my fetish...and while it isn't hers, she does love to drive me insane with it! She kept covering me with honey and we were both covered with a LOT of it. And what wasn't staying on our bodies, was collecting in the tub. Soon, we would have ten gallons of honey...covering us and in the tub! 

We don't cover our faces with honey, but a lot does get on our faces from licking it off each other. How would we suck each others pussies without getting honey all over our cheeks, right?

My pussy was already throbbing with excitement...we had the first bucket almost empty...Blue was rubbing huge handfuls of honey all over me...all over my neck, shoulders, my breasts and my tummy...it was flowing down to my pussy and she started rubbing my clit with one hand and rubbing honey all over me with the other.

I laid down in the honey...already, there was six inches of honey in the tub and my pussy was submerged in the honey. Fuck! It felt so damn good! Blue had two fingers slipping and sliding so easily in and out of my pussy!

"Blue! Fuck! You're going to make me cum! Fuck me, baby!"

Blue smiled and let her fingers wiggle like crazy inside me, her other hand rubbing my clit...I leaned my head back in the honey...my body spasmed hard and I raised my ass to meet her finger-thrusts in my pussy...my body exploded in a hard, violent orgasm...I came like HELL in the honey with Blue riding my pussy with her fingers!

Then my orgasm passed and Blue slid her hands up and down my thighs, which were under the honey...I gently pulled her on top of me with her legs spread, straddling my body...we kissed oh-so-passionately, our tongues making love inside our mouths. 

We purred and whimpered to each other...kissing and sucking our honey-covered lips...trying to get more and more of our mouths...then, licking each others lips...

I scooped handfulls of honey onto Blue's back, letting the honey slide slowly and luxuriously all over her. More handfuls on her ass...my hands playing with the honey and her ass...my fingers sliding through her ass cheeks.

I was on fire all over again...I had my hands on Blue's ass, one VERY well lubricated finger playing with her opening...Blue was licking my lips, breathing hard...trying to speak between licks with her breath deep and hot on my mouth...

"Oooooohhhhh...Sunny...my baby...make me cum?...please baby?...make me cum real hard?...please?"

"Aaaaawwwww...my sweet lover...you know I will!"

I stayed just the way I was, lying on my back in the honey...I raised my knee enough to get perfect contact with Blue's pussy...I held her hips and pushed her against my thigh, my finger still between her ass cheeks, tightly rimming her opening...

Blue's body went crazy and she fucked herself HARD on my thigh...

"FUCK SUNNY! MAKE ME CUM, BABY!!"

With our bodies laying in six inches of honey, I used one hand to hold her tightly to my pussy while she fucked herself on my strong thigh muscles...my other hand holding her firmly between her ass cheeks, my finger pressing harder on her opening and rubbing in a tight circle...

Blue fucked harder and screamed out loud, then pounced her mouth onto mine...still screaming as her body tensed hard...she tongue-fucked my throat...while she came and came and came, her cum flowed onto my body and mixed with all that honey!

"Oh Blue...you're the fucking hottest woman on earth!"

Blue didn't answer...she was breathlessly licking, kissing and sucking my lips...

"Oh FUCK, Blue...I want more of you...and I want more honey...I want more of you IN more honey!"

Blue bit my lip with her lips..she kept her mouth there and spoke hotly. "Then my Sunny shall have me...and I hope you're ready lover, because I'm going to get our biggest toy and fuck...you...to...DEATH!"

My nails dug into Blue's ass and a lightning bolt shot through my pussy...she sat up on her knees and looked at me. "Help me dump the other five gallons in here, Sunny? I want both our bodies fucking in a honey pool!"

I sat up quickly and screamed! "FUCK YES!"

We dumped the other five gallons of honey in the tub. We were now sitting in honey up to our waists! Fuck! I loved it and my pussy was going crazy! 

I leaned way back against the back of the tub...my pussy was throbbing hard just from the honey!...I could just feel my juices oozing out into the honey...I spread my legs for Blue and she smiled at me while her two fingers slid very easily, way into my honey-submerged pussy...

"Ya like that don't you, baby...I know you love all this honey."

I could hardly talk between my deep breaths and my body near spasm. "Fuck...baby...the only thing better than my Blue is my Blue and honey!"

My body shook hard...between Blue finger-fucking me and all that luscious honey, I could have cum any second! 

That's why she removed her fingers and reached for our right angle double dildo...the short part is a 90-degree angle...perfect to wear by one woman fucking another while getting a lot of pleasure!

FUCK YES, BABY! FUCK ME!!

Oh my...all that honey too. Blue laid on top of me...she was in a LOT of honey too...I covered her back and her ass with honey. She slid the short upward part of the toy into her...my hot, eager pussy swallowed up the longer, bigger end...I had so much lovely, gooey honey inside me, it quickly slid all the way to the back of my pussy...I raised my ass off the bottom of the tub...Blue's end was moving so nicely inside her, rubbing her g-spot...

"That's it my Sunny...take it all, my wonderful, hot little slut..."

I looked into Blue's captivating eyes...she knows how hot it makes me to be her very own slutty little bad girl...belonging to her to only her... 

"Oh...fuck yes...I AM Blue's own personal slut...take possession of me...claim me as your very own fucktoy...fuck, I love you!"

"Sunny belongs to Blue and Blue belongs to Sunny...fuck, I love YOU! Now, hold onto my ass, baby...Blue's going to ride you HARD!"

I held Blue's ass while her hot, curvy hips fucked the huge toy in and out of me, ramming the back of my pussy...making me scream like HELL each time...

My body went insane! The honey was so slippery-gooey, the big toy slid so easily every time Blue shoved it VERY deep inside me...she kissed me roughly and fucked me HARD, screaming into my mouth each time she rammed it to the back of my pussy...I screamed back at her, at the same time, trying to devour more of her mouth...

"MAKE YOUR BABY CUM, BLUE! FUCK MY PUSSY!"

Blue's body was slapping the honey as she fucked me...I held onto her slippery ass and fucked back at her, meeting her each time...then, both of our bodies went into spasm...we were about to cum together!

"FUCK! SUNNEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!"

Blue pounced her open mouth onto my shoulder, right on the one little spot she knows to bite me...right where she knows she can bite me VERY hard and make me cum instantly...I slid my finger way between her ass cheeks...

Our screaming was deafening, echoing off the bathroom walls...both our bodies spasmed violently and we came hard...still savagely fucking each other...riding out a fucking hot orgasm!

Oooooohhhhh...it was so fucking amazing...

Blue fell on my body and we gave each other lots and lots of honey-covered kisses...the toy was still inside both of us...I held it with my pussy and held Blue's ass while I slid my hips on hers, working the toy around inside her pussy...

Blue's breath was hot on my mouth...I spoke to her ever-so-softly and hotly, "Perhaps baby would like to give me her ass so I can drive my tongue waaaaaaaay inside you and tongue-fuck your ass real, REAL hard..."

Blue squealed joyfully...she eagerly turned around and bent at the waist, laying on the deck outside the sunken tub, her legs hanging down...

"To whom does Blue's ass belong, baby?"

She yelled, "Belongs to Sunny! Blue's ass belongs to Sunny!"

I purred with utter delight and buried my face between Blue's pretty ass cheeks...

Blue screamed when I fucked my tongue hard into her honey-covered ass...

"SUNNEEEEEEEEEEE! FUCK YES!!"

She raised her ass in the air and spread her legs farther, urging my tongue in deeper...wanting more and more...I covered her body with handfuls of honey. Good thing our bathroom has a floor drain, because we were making a huge mess and loving every bit of it!

She looked so beautiful with a thick layer of honey all over her body! I had my arms under her, holding her as I struggled to push my face harder against her ass...my tongue relentlessly fucking her...showing her ass no mercy. Soft squeals escaped her...she had her hands flat on the floor, fucking back at my face...

"FUCK, SUNNY! MAKE ME CUM, LOVER!"

Wiggling my tongue deep inside her ass, I slid my finger inside her pretty pussy and massaged her g-spot.

Of course, that was all it took...Blue's body exploded with violent spasms in a screaming-out-loud orgasm!

I kept at her...riding her ass with my tongue...my finger going crazy in her pussy...lots and lots of her sweet cum filled my hand!

When her orgasm passed, Blue's hips fell down on the edge of the bathtub, her legs still spread...she had her forehead resting on her hands. Her ass and thigh muscles were quivering...I rubbed all of her cum, mixed with the honey, all over her back and thighs, massaging her muscles.

She was still trying to catch her breath. "Oh...Sunny...fuck..."

I climbed out and laid down, then pulled her on top of my body with her legs straddling me. I cuddled her, still caressing her back and thighs. We kissed ever-so-deeply and I held her to make her feel cherished and forever-loved.

"I love you so, so very much, my precious Blue."

"I love YOU, so very much, Sunny."

"Baby?"

"Yes, my love?"

"Just...I wanted to say...you have honey dripping from your pussy onto mine...and...well...its pretty damn exciting."

Blue kissed me, then slid off me...and I didn't see this coming...

She slid me back into our honey-tub! Fuck, I loved it! I laughed and crawled to the edge...she was there to meet me.

She gently held my face and kissed me, then lovingly kept my face in her hands...

"18 hours, Sunny...18 hours of honey...ya know it's been 18 hours? Of honey?"

I smiled into her pretty eyes..."Yes, my baby...thank-you...I do...and its one of the zillion reasons why I love you more than anything else in this world!"

Thank-you for reading!

My love to all,

Sunny

© 2016 Sunny Johansen