 My dear reader, I hope you'll read part one, first, if you haven't done so. This part is much hotter and you'll need to be prepared. Thank-you for reading!

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

I came back, laughing about what she'd said. She started eating her banana in one piece...I watched her while slowly peeling my banana, and getting hotter and hotter...

"Uh, baby? What if I like MY banana smushed?"

She looked so innocent. This was her, teasing me.

"Well, I guess you can smush it, right?"

I said, "OR, you can smush for me..."

"Oh...you mean..."

"And feed it to me!"

"Damn, Sunny!"

"And, because you're such a fucking tease right now, I could hold you down and devour your pussy along with the banana, and make you cum over and over until you scream for me to stop!"

Still a pussy tease, she put her hand over her mouth in pretend alarm...

"Oh no! How many times will I cum?!?!"

I leaned in and placed my lips almost to hers so my breath was on her mouth...

"I, your sweet, slutty playtoy, will make you cum as many times as I want you to, my fucking hot lover..."

She said, "Ohfuckohfuckohfuck" while giving me hot little licks and wet sucks on my lips, grabbing my ass and pulling my body closer to her. I wriggled my ass for her while she held it, then rubbed her pussy with the banana I had peeled.

Blue eagerly spread her legs and laid back.

"Banana-fuck me, Sunny! Give it all to me!"

I had to be careful...I didn't want the peeled banana to smush yet. Soon, her pussy muscles would do that anyway. I held the banana and slid it deeper in her pretty pussy, watching her. She was so close to cumming!

I placed my hand over her pussy, partly to hold the banana in, and partly to rub her pussy. Her clit felt so hot and swollen against my hand...

"How's that banana doing, baby? Got it all smushed up for me yet? Are you ready to feed it to me?"

"Hell yes, I so fucking AM!"

She was tugging on my long hair, trying so hard to pull my mouth between her thighs. The smushed banana, mixed with a LOT of her juices, was now oozing from between my fingers.

"OH FUCK! EAT MY PUSSY!"

I slid my face between baby's thighs and lapped at her oh-so-silky-smooth pussy with my tongue...the creamy banana-smush was oozing from her, mixed with her superheated juices.

Baby trembled and squealed when I slid my tongue inside her while rubbing her clit with my fingers. I wanted the banana to mix with her cum when I mercilessly sucked her!

"SUNNEEEEEEEEE! MAKE ME CUM!"

I opened my mouth on her pussy...deep, guttural sounds arose from my throat...she screamed out loud while I rode her to orgasm with my mouth, her sweet bananacum filling my mouth!

I swallowed ALL of it, loving how smooth it felt in my throat and kept sucking for more! When her orgasm started to end, her body settling down, I slapped my mouth on her again, rubbing the hell out of her clit...she roughly pulled my hair, wrapped her legs around me and screamed more...

"MAKE ME CUM AGAIN! FUCK YEAH!"

I held her hands down and savagely mouth-fucked her! Another orgasm! Her cum poured from her, soaking my face before I could swallow all of it!

I didn't let up and kept at her, my hot mouth giving her one hard orgasm after another! I'm so happy she can cum as many times as I can!

I pushed my face harder into her...she screamed and held onto the sheets, struggling to keep her body against my mouth. I held her hips to keep her in place and ravaged her body with my mouth on her pussy, making her cum yet again!

"SUNNNNNNNEEEEEEEEE! DAMMIT! BABY!"

I smiled and backed off, giving her sloppy-wet kisses all over her lovely pussy, making her squirm and whimper for me. I slid up her body, straddled her on my hands and knees fucked myself to a earth-quaking orgasm, letting my cum flow all over her...

"Oh Sunny baby...I want all your cum on me!"

Then, I gently plopped my body on top of her, splattering all my cum on her body all over both of us. We had a marvelous time, rubbing it all over each other...we were both COVERED in our cum, both our bodies glistening. We let it dry, then covered each other in musk oil...my, my, my...we and the entire room smelled so fucking sexy and hot!

We cuddled into each other, our legs tangled, both our bodies drenched in sex, cum and musk...we got lost in hot, whimpering kisses, our tongues exploring mouths, purring to each other, sucking and licking lips...

Our lips barely touching, speaking in hot breath...

"I love you, Blue."

"I love YOU, Sunny."

The End.

Thank-you for reading!

My love to all,

Sunny