 Like everything I write, this really happened, and only a few nights ago...

Hours and hours after falling asleep, I awoke, my pussy sending hard jolts of hot pleasure running through my body...it was fucking incredible...never felt anything like it!

Oh...it was my sweet Blue...and she was eating my pussy as a midnight snack. I mean, eating me like she couldn't get enough of me. I wove my fingers of both hands through her hair and slid my pussy more to her mouth.

"My baby....oh yeah...suck me, baby."

Hmmmmm...one little thing...

Blue was asleep. That's right...my baby was eating my pussy in her sleep!

I certainly couldn't stop her. Why should I? She was obviously loving having a mouthful of my big swollen orchid, sucking with a such hunger! Blue is always so good with her mouth, but this was like never before! 

Such hot, sexy sounds arose from her throat while she pushed her face so hard between my legs, my head was firmly against the headboard...and threatened to push it through the wall!

With all my strength, I pushed myself away from the headboard, pushing my pussy at Blue's face...THEN I came so fucking hard...an orgasm I felt in my head with my ears throbbing, all the way into my toes! 

Blue was still asleep, my cum flowing heavily into her mouth...she was holding me down, hungrily sucking my cum...I could hear her eagerly swallowing...whimpering...wanting all my cum so badly...

When my orgasm ended, I started to scooch away, intending to take her into my arms and hold her.

Still asleep and still with my large pussy lips in her mouth, she would have none of that...

She screamed into my pussy in protest, grabbed my body and started growling deep in her throat...she went after my pussy like a fucking animal...devouring me...eating me so hard, she was pushing my body...

I held onto the mattress and gave myself to her, surrendering my pussy to her completely...her growls turned into low-pitched moaning and purring while she claimed me as her possession...the woman who belongs to her. 

I whispered...maybe she would hear me in her sleep...

"Yes, baby...take me...own all of me...I'm all yours."

I came again...MUCH harder...I was good at not screaming so I wouldn't wake her, and could feel her trying to gulp down all my cum filling her mouth. She made me cum so fucking much, I could feel my cum between her cheeks and my inner thighs as it overflowed her mouth...

Blue moved her mouth to my inner thighs, making sexy-happy sounds while licking my cum from my skin close to my pussy. Those sounds were quickly replaced by growling as she started licking my skin much harder, then sucking and pulling my skin...then sucking harder, her teeth closing on my thigh muscles...I had my hand over my mouth, I wanted to cry out in pure pleasure, but that would wake her. With my hands in her hair, I whispered...

"That's it baby...lick my cum from me...my cum is all yours...oh, fuck...yes..."

My hot lover crawled up and straddled my body on her hands and knees. 

Blue was on fire...and still in a deep sleep when she drove her fingers into her pussy...her body was immediately overtaken by hard shudders...she was on the edge of a HUGE orgasm. She came within seconds! She stayed on her knees and fucked her hot pussy with her fingers, bending down to me and attacking my neck... ...biting...sucking...her cum POURING from her pussy, soaking my body...

I had my hands between our bodies, rubbing her cum all over myself...I whispered again...

"Yes, cum all over your slutty fucktoy...fuck yes...baby wants all your cum..."

Her cum just kept flowing from her! I was spreading it everywhere I could reach...my breasts, my tummy, my thighs...and lots of it on my pussy...

Then...amazingly, but not so amazingly, Blue's body lowered onto mine...she held my body with her arms and legs, her face against my neck, breathing calmly as someone does when fast asleep!

Incredible...and much hotter than sleep-walking! I gently rolled us over on our sides, pulled the covers over her shoulders and drifted off to sleep...

When morning came, I awoke to Blue applying musk oil all over my body. I got another bottle (we have many) and started applying it all over her...there we were, as we start many mornings, arms and hands all over, legs spread, dabbing musk everywhere on each other.

"Oh! Sunnybuns! I had this dream last night!"

"Did you? What happened in the dream?"

"I was fucking you with my mouth!"

"Is that right? Huh! I must have cum a lot! In your dream...I mean..."

"You did! It was one of those dreams that seemed so real!"

"Huh! Sounds wonderful!"

She didn't catch on when I smiled...and I wanted to leave it that way.

"Tell you what...I'm going outside in the sun. Will you come out and cover me in suntan oil?"

"Well, you'll be covered in Bluecum, musk and that banana-scented suntan oil. Sunny, I'm going to want you between my legs, but you'll be all oily and stuff..."

I got my lips to just barely touching hers...I was breathing on her mouth...speaking softly...

"That's fine, sweetheart...just get on your knees over my face, and feed me that pretty pussy of yours..."

She was breathless...

"Ooooohhhh...fuck yes...I'll make you my very own hot, slutty fucktoy..."

"I love you, my perfect Blue!"

"I love YOU, Sunny!" 

*

Thank-you for reading!

My love to all,

Sunny

© 2017 Sunny Johansen

Protected by Copyscape Copyright Violation Detection And Protection.