 I felt his hand slide up under my skirt and cup my right ass cheek. I glanced over my left shoulder and gave Dave an encouraging grin. I prefer to wear thongs, so I could feel the warmth of his palm against my bare flesh. I wiggled slightly against his hand, but not enough to make our party guests suspicious.

It was a small gathering, just three other couples. Dave and I were standing behind a Tiki bar set up in the back yard. Two of the other men were chatting on bar stools on the other side. Something about mutual funds, which I was tuning out while pretending to seem interested. I knew that the angle of the bar would prevent anyone behind me in the house from seeing what Dave was doing, so I relaxed and let him fondle me.

I love having my ass and thighs touched. The best foreplay in the world is Dave kissing and stroking the backs of my thighs and ass. It can get me so hot that I beg him to fuck me. I could feel my skin growing warmer as he caressed and squeezed my ass cheeks. It didn't take long before my pussy grew damp.

"Oh damn. Looks like we're out of ice, Lydia" Bruce said.

"I'll fill the bucket, honey" Dave offered. He pulled his hand from under my skirt. I looked back over my shoulder and gave him my best pouty face. 

"Be right back," he grinned.

I sort of drifted off into a sexy daydream as the two men across from me droned on. I startled when the ice bucket thunked onto the bar next to me.

"Ah, the ice!" Bruce said, and proceeded to refill his drink.

I felt Dave's hand slide up under my skirt again. I wiggled my ass into his hand to show my approval. I leaned forward and put my elbows on the bar, which gave him easier access to my ass.

I was surprised when his fingers eased under my thong to slide up and down the crack of my ass. In the past I had tried to get him to touch me there, but he was always reluctant. Now his finger was caressing my anus. I suppressed a shudder and eased my feet further apart. My pussy was getting wetter by the second.

His hand slid down, touched the edges of my pussy lips. His finger easily parted the slippery flesh, sliding up and down over my clit.

"Ughhh..." I moaned.

"What?" Bruce asked, innocently.

"Uh...Uh huh," I said, trying to make it sound like I was agreeing with whatever inane point he had been making. Dave's finger left my pussy, now coated in slippery fluids, and returned to my anus, stroking the opening and coating it with my pussy juices. Was he going to do it? God, I hoped so. Oh, yes! His finger easily pushed into my now lubricated ass. He had never done this before, even though I had asked him to many times. I lay my forearms flat on the bar, gripping the edge tightly, and I hoped unobtrusively. I was so turned on that I didn't even care if the men figured out what was going on.

"What about you Gwen?" Bruce asked, looking past me.

Panicked, I looked over my left shoulder. No Dave. Just beautiful, blonde Gwen. Her finger sawed in and out of my ass, making me half wild with need. I stared into her grinning face, too shocked to move. I could feel my face turning red.

"Oh, I don't play the markets," Gwen said coyly. "I'm much better with people than I am with numbers."

She pulled her slick finger out of my anus. Giving my ass a squeeze and a pat, she moved to the other side of the bar and sat down. Fortunately, the guys were oblivious. Mumbling an excuse, I fled into the house. The rest of the party was a blur. I avoided Gwen completely; ashamed and terrified of what had happened. Everyone knew Gwen was a bit wild, but I would never have suspected she would do something like that.

I was still horny when we went to bed, and I threw myself at Dave. As he fucked me, his cock pounding into my very wet pussy, all I could think about was that wonderful finger fucking my ass. It wasn't long before I was cumming all over him.

A couple of days later, I answered the door to find Gwen standing there. Dave was at work, so I was alone in the house. I didn't know what to say or do. I just stood there staring at her in shock. 

"Can I come in?" she asked, sweetly. "You haven't called me, so thought I would swing by."

I could feel my face getting red. I felt shame and humiliation for what she had done to me, and because I had liked it so much. I mumbled something, and she moved past me to sit down. I sat on the couch across from her, trying to control my shaking.

"Lydia, you don't have to be embarrassed," Gwen said. "You didn't know it was me. You thought I was Dave."

"Why did you do that?" I blurted out. "What made you think I would like it?"

"I saw Dave fondling your as from you bathroom window," she said. That was the only window in the house that could have seen the back of the bar. It had never occurred to me that someone might be there at the exact wrong moment.

"It was so sexy, watching the two of you," she continued. "When I came downstairs, I saw Dave was talking to Denise, holding a bucket of ice. I offered to take it out for him."

Denise is a flirt. I shouldn't have been surprised that Dave would get snared by her.

"When I saw you standing there, in that short skirt, and those beautiful thighs, I just couldn't help myself."

"But you're married!" I blurted out.

"So? I love Bruce. But sometimes I have...other desires."

"Are you a lesbian?" I asked. Oh my God! Why did I say that?

"No," Gwen laughed. "But I am attracted to women. Particularly women with a butt and legs like yours."

I blushed again. I knew they were my best features. I liked wearing short skirt and tight shorts to show them off. Anytime I want to seduce Dave, all I have to do is walk around wearing one of his dress shirts and nothing else.

"You know, Lydia," Gwen continued. "I also have kind of an anal fetish. I love playing with someone's ass."

I swallowed hard. My throat was tight and I couldn't speak.

"A man's ass is okay, but nothing is sexier than the smooth, round cheeks of a woman's ass."

Suddenly she was the one that looked embarrassed and nervous. Up until now, she had been cool and in control.

"Lydia," she said, her voice catching. "I...I want to touch you again, like I did the other day. You have no idea how exciting that was for me. It's like my secret fantasy that I thought I would never get to live out. Please, Lydia."

"I..." I croaked. Wetting my lips, I tried again. "I love Dave. I'm not going to cheat on him."

"This isn't about Dave or Bruce. It's about me and you. I'm not asking you to date me. I'm asking for an afternoon. One, purely physical afternoon of sex. The kind of sex you know you'll never get from Dave."

I should have said no. I should have turned her away. I sat frozen on the couch caught between my forbidden desires and what I knew I should do. Gwen slid off her chair and knelt in front of me. Her face was a mixture of fear and desire.

"Let me touch you there. I want to feel your thighs and ass. I want to lick and kiss your cheeks. Please, Lydia."

I wanted her to leave. I didn't want to be tempted. Yet I knew Dave would never do this for me. As satisfying as sex was with him, he would never touch me there like Gwen would. It wouldn't be love. It wouldn't really be cheating. It would be one afternoon of surrendering to my most secret desires. 

I surrendered. Twisting, I lay face down on the couch. I buried my face in the cushions. I didn't want to see her, or for her to see me. Faceless and anonymous we could explore our desires more freely. Or at least I could.

Her hands touched my calves and I shivered. In one long, slow caress they slid all the way up my thighs to just under the edge of my shorts. Her fingers danced back down my tingling skin, but only to my knees. It felt delicious.

"Mmmm," Gwen murmured, her hands continuing to caress and explore my thighs. God that felt nice. I could feel my pussy getting warm and damp. 

Her fingers gripped the top of my shorts, tugging gently but insistently. I piked my hips and Gwen eased my shorts down my legs, taking her time. They stuck on my sandals for a moment, and then were gone.

Once again her hands started with my calves and slowly stroked and explored their way up. Finally they came to rest on my fully exposed ass cheeks. I still wore my thong, but it didn't cover those.

"Oh, Lydia," Gwen moaned. Her hands kneaded my ass cheeks, sending hot flashes through my groin.

When she took hold of my thong, I eagerly lifted my hips again. She half pulled and half rolled the scrap of fabric down and past my feet to vanish somewhere on the floor. I lay on the couch, my legs and ass fully exposed. It felt naughty and sexy all at once.

Her hands took the now familiar journey from my calves all the way up to my ass cheeks again. I groaned into the cushions. What she was doing to me was incredible. As her hands kneaded my cheeks, I felt a soft kiss on the back of one knee. I gasped softly.

Soft kisses slowly made their way up my thigh. I found myself gripping the couch cushions in anticipation. She stopped just short of my ass. I felt the couch shift as she climbed onto it, pushing my legs apart. There wasn't really room for both of us in this position, so I dropped my outside leg to the floor, exposing myself even more.

Now her hands and lips where exploring my ass. I moaned, trying not to wriggle too much. My pussy was thoroughly wet. I was barely in control of myself. This was an erotic fantasy come true.

With one hand she pulled one cheek aside. Then I felt her wet finger gently probing my anus. Her spit soon coated the cleft of my ass as her finger stroked up and down the length of it, stopping to trace circles on the sensitive ring on my anus. I was shamelessly pushing my hips up off the couch.

"You are gorgeous, Lydia," Gwen said softly. "I love doing this to you."

I just groaned. A moment later her finger was replace by her tongue, which made a long, slow swipe from the edge of my molten liquid pussy all the way up my crack. When it reached my anus, it flicked at the puckered flesh and traced small circles. I gasped as new, strange sensations flooded my senses. The feel of her face pushed between my cheeks and her lips and tongue exploring my anus was indescribable. It was exotic and erotic, naughty and forbidden, wicked and sexy.

Her fingers slid under me to find my slick, hairless pussy lips. She stroked the outside of my wet pussy while licking and tickling all up and down my ass crack. I was writhing and groaning, trying to open myself up wider for her.

When her finger eased between my pussy lips to play with my clit, I lost it. A wild orgasm lifted me off the couch. Flailing and crying out, I reveled in the sensation of her mouth on my rear and her hand in my pussy. It seemed to go on forever.

After an eternity, my orgasm faded. I lay face down on the couch, exhausted and gasping for air. My ass was thrust upward and my legs spread as wide as that awkward position would allow. My anus still tingled.

I felt Gwen pulling and tugging me over. I did the best I could to help her, but my limbs were weak and shaking. Finally she rolled me onto my back. It was an effort to focus, but I saw that at some point she had stripped down to her panties. Damn, she was beautiful.

She pushed both her hands under my ass, grasping the cheeks firmly. Even after that incredible orgasm, her grip felt nice. Without warning, she lowered her face to my pussy. Wet heat enveloped my pussy lips.

"No!" I cried out weakly. This wasn't what I wanted. I tried to push her head away from my overheated groin, but to no avail.

Her tongue slithered between my lips and ran up and down the slick, inner flesh. It was an amazing sensation, far better than Dave or any man had ever done. But it was wrong. I couldn't let another woman do this to me.

When her tongue touched my clit, I cried out. A few gentle flicks and renewed need began to overcome my shame and reluctance. When her finger pushed into my anus, I surrendered to her for the second time.

Gwen's finger moved rhythmically in and out of my ass while her mouth leisurely explored my pussy. I couldn't stop her. I didn't want to. I knotted my fingers in her hair and held that wonderful, agile tongue where I wanted it most.

My second orgasm was a slow rumble. My hips jerked and spasmed beneath her mouth. My ass was impaled on her finger. She didn't let up the slow, insistent licking. I don't know if I came multiple times, or if it was just one long orgasm. It didn't really matter.

When Gwen rose from my splayed open crotch, I was truly spent. Drenched in sweat, my chest heaving as I gasped for air, I was unable and unwilling to cover myself. She just stared down at me, drinking in my exposed pussy with her eyes.

After a while she got up and washed her face and hands. I lay there, not even trying to cover up as she got dressed and let herself out. It was a while before I could sit up and do the same.

For the rest of the day I tried to rid myself of the images and thoughts of Gwen. I launched into a frenzy of housekeeping, doing all the little things you normally put off. Dave didn't understand, and I didn't try to explain. I fell asleep reliving the feeling of her face between my cheeks and her tongue lapping as my wantonly responsive rosebud.

More of the same the next day didn't help. Thoughts and images of her between my legs, her tongue buried in my pussy, were the most disturbing to me. How could I have let another woman do that to me? Why had it felt so good?

Determined to prove to myself that I was not a lesbian, I attacked Dave that evening. I licked and sucked his cock with a gusto I had never shown before. I couldn't remember the last time I had been this horny. I was so focused on what I was doing, I almost let him cum in my mouth. At the last minute, I feverishly climbed his twitching body and greedily impaled myself.

I was so wet, I almost couldn't feel him. I rode him hard, grinding my pussy into the base of his cock, humping him for all I was worth. All the while, in the back of my mind I was feeling Gwen's tongue lathing the crack of my ass and lapping at my puckered anus.

Dave barely lasted sixty seconds under my assault. I came shortly after, grinding my pussy against him, imagining it was her tongue flicking against my clit. I collapsed on top of him, sobbing. He held me close, trying to comfort me, making the false assumption that my tears were about the amazing sex we had just had.

I found a note under the door the next day. 'Had a wonderful time. We should get together again. I'll stop by tomorrow at 2:00. If you're not there, I'll understand. -- Gwen'

The next day, I was almost paralyzed with indecision. I changed my clothes four times. I would lock the door and go sit in the bedroom, silent as a mouse. A moment later I would rush to unlock it and check to see if she was in the hall, although it was hours ahead of the time. I put a note on the door explaining why I wasn't there. Ten minutes later I ripped it down and shredded it.

I tried to tell myself it was just sex. It was the chance to explore an erotic fantasy that I would probably never find another partner for. The sensation of her hands and mouth exploring my ass were burning in my mind.

As 2:00 approached, I made one final wardrobe change. I sat on the couch staring at the locked door, alternately wishing she would walk through it and that she wouldn't show. At the last moment, I unlocked the door and left it slightly ajar. I had barely resumed my place on the couch when Gwen cautiously pushed the door open.

I sat on the couch, wearing a bikini bottom and a short t-shirt. Nothing else. No shoes, no bra. My knees were drawn up tight to my chest with my arms wrapped around them. I must have looked like a frightened little girl.

"Oh, Lydia," Gwen said softly, coming to sit by me on the couch. I could see the sympathy in her eyes.

"Are you sure this is what you want?" she asked sincerely. I nodded without looking at here. I could smell my own pussy. My juices were already flowing. I was sure she could as well.

"Tell me. Say it," Gwen urged.

"I...I want you to do it. Do what you did before."

"All of it?" she asked with a twinkle in her eye. I was looking at her now.

"No. Just the first part. Where you played with my rear. Um...my ass."

"But I liked doing all of it."

"No, please. Not the other. Just...just the part where I was on my stomach."

Without a word, she stood and held out her hand for me. I took it and she drew me to my feet. She led me into the bedroom, to the foot of the bed, facing it. Leaving me there, she casually walked around behind me. I heard a rustling of clothes and assumed she was getting naked. I closed my eyes, trying hard not to think about her naked body.

Gwen stepped close behind me, her breasts just touching my back. Her hands found the bottom of my short t-shirt and pulled it up and over my head. She ran her hands up and down my exposed back, sending a shiver up my spine. Sliding them around, under my arms, she cupped my breasts and tweaked my nipples between her thumbs and forefingers.

I gasped and grabbed at her hands, pulling them from my breasts. "Please, Gwen. Not that. Just the other."

"Okay," she murmured, her lips an inch from my ear. Her lips explored my neck, and her hands trailed down my sides to the ties on my bikini. She deftly untied the bows while raining soft kisses on my neck. I groaned and leaned back into her.

I spread my knees so the suit would drop to the floor, but she caught the front and back in each hand. She pulled the cloth up tight against me, wedging it in my ass crack and between the lips of my very wet pussy. As she continued to kiss my neck, she sawed the fabric back and forth. I could feel it in my ass crack, softly rubbing against my expectant hole. It was also sliding back and forth over my throbbing clit. Back and forth she ran the scrap of cloth until my hips were grinding themselves against it. Releasing the front, she slowly pulled the cloth all the way through my pussy, and up through the crack of my ass.

I was now completely naked, shaking and trembling with my need. My feet spread shoulder width apart, my head thrown back, my weight resting on her chest and shoulders. Her lips and tongue were tracing patterns on my neck. I could feel her stiff nipples pressing into my shoulder blades.

Gwen pushed me up, so I was supporting my own weight, although quite shakily. With a steady, firm pressure, she continued to push me toward the bed. Rather than fall, I crawled onto it, lying face down, my legs slightly spread. My ass prominently displayed for her attention.

She crawled onto the bed behind me, forcing my legs further apart. She grabbed all the pillows, and pulling my hips up into the air, shoved them under me. My hips and ass were now raised into a pike position, offered wantonly to her every whim. My ass cheeks were slightly spread in that position, and had to resist the urge to reach back and spread them wider with my hands.

Gwen's hands began to roam the backs of my thighs and the soft skin of my ass cheeks. I just moaned and tried not to wiggle too much. This is what I wanted, what I needed. Then I felt her face push between my cheeks and her tongue dart out to touch the puckered rosebud of my anus. I cried out softly, and gripped the bedcovers tightly in anticipation. She didn't disappoint me.

Her tongue explored my crack from top to bottom, spending much of it's time lapping at my anus and tracing lazy circles on it. As before, her fingers soon found my wet pussy and stroked the slick outside of my swollen labia. It felt like this went on forever as I reveled in the forbidden sensations.

Then her fingers penetrated my pussy and found my clit. Her tongue zeroed in on my anus, flicking and licking at it rapidly. I cried out as my orgasm swallowed me whole. I writhed and flailed beneath her, my hips hunching and wriggling as I was consumed with pleasure.
