 At 8:00 on Tuesday, I pulled my mini-cooper into the driveway of the Gould's sprawling and airy home, as I had done every Tuesday for the past six months. It was a gorgeous day, perfect for catching the last of the evening sun on the back deck which sits beside the pool and hot tub. 

I have my own key, but when Audrey is home, I always knock. I heard Audrey call "come in!" from inside, so I let myself in. "Hey, I'm here!" I yelled. She swept into the room looking gorgeous, as always, in that quiet way she had -- her beauty spoke for itself, she didn't need make up or big jewelry to look great. In jeans and a white t-shirt, she was more beautiful than any overdone actress on the red carpet. Her dark blond hair pulled into a simple ponytail and that fresh smell which surrounded her always made my heart skip a beat, no matter how many times I saw her. As always, I tried to cover it up. 

"Lana, hi! How are you?" She reached in for a peck on the cheek -- again, that heart skip a beat thing -- her hand lingering on my shoulder for a minute, stirring something else besides my heart. "You look great today," her eyes surveying my body. 

"I should be back by midnight -- the baby is asleep, she probably won't wake up, but if she does there's a bottle in the fridge. She was really worn out today so I doubt she'll wake up." Audrey checked herself in the mirror again, as if she needed to, and gave me a look that said, "Here we go again." She'd been trying to date for six months now, and it didn't surprise me one bit that she hadn't found a guy worthy of a third date. She had a friends with benefits situation with Tai, a guy she went to yoga with, and she never brought the dates home with her. 

"Well, I guess I'll go meet Mr. Wrong one more time. This whole 'dating men' thing is for the birds. See you by midnight." She grabbed her leather jacket off the back of the chair and opened the door to the garage, heading out.

"Oh- the water's really nice," she said, winking at me and closing the door behind her. I heard her car start and the sound of the garage closing as she pulled out. 

I grabbed my bag and opened it up, rifling around for my bathing suit. Shit. I had forgotten it. I had never felt comfortable being out on the deck without a suit on, though Audrey did it regularly and had assured me it was okay many times. I really wanted to catch the last of the evening sun, so rather than snoop through Audrey's drawers for a suit, I just headed out back. I found my favorite chair and checked to make sure nobody was around. I unbuttoned my shorts and wiggled out of my t-shirt. My purple lace bra and frilly underwear had been driving me nuts all day -- pretty, but not practical. I was sure nobody was watching, so I ditched them and lay down face up on the comfy lounge chair. 

Surprisingly, I felt really comfortable -- sexy, even. I let myself relax, legs slightly spread, arms tossed over my head, and of course the image of Audrey laying naked where I was now laying went through my mind. 

There was no use lying to myself about it, I had wanted her ever since the moment I saw her. I'd never been so attracted to a woman before in my life -- I mean, sure, I'd had crushes, but never like this. I thought of her daily, and looked forward to Tuesday and Thursday nights above all else, just to see her and talk for a few minutes -- or -- if I got really lucky, spend time with her by the pool when one of her dates went really bad. 

And when I say I "thought" of her daily, I mean, I am unable to refrain from touching myself when images of her play through my mind. Ever since that day two months ago when she had nonchalantly removed first her top, then her bra, then her bottoms, in front of me, the thoughts never went away. I moaned her name as I fingered my dripping pussy every night before bed. 

It was warm by the pool, and before long my mind was so focused on the thought of her gorgeous, perfectly hand-sized boobs, soft middle, and pearly pink lips that I began to feel a wetness seeping onto my legs. I let my mind wander to more thoughts of her. I jumped in pool to cool off. Mmm, swimming naked felt good. I enjoyed it for a few moments, loving the feeling of the water gently lapping my nipples, the feeling of the cool water mixing with the warm juices flowing from my tingling mound. 

A chill had taken over the air, and I decided it was time to go in and check on the baby. I grabbed for my clothes -- too late realizing they were on the edge of the chair, and they fell right into the water. Great. I grabbed a towel off a nearby stack, fished out my wet clothes, and headed inside, naked under the towel. The baby was sound asleep, just as Audrey had predicted. 

I tossed my clothes in the dryer and headed up to Audrey's room to grab a t-shirt and shorts -- she never minded sharing. I fought off the urge to spread out on her bed, smelling her all around me, and touch myself some more. I had wanted to do it so many times, but it felt like a violation of her privacy, so I had always refrained. My insides throbbed and grew warm just thinking about it. Warm juice dripped down my leg, and I steadied myself on her dresser, reached in to the top drawer to grab a shirt. My hand hit something solid, though -- a book? I swear, I didn't mean to look, it was just curiosity -- it was a DVD case. Blank, with nothing but a clear plastic wrapper. That and a note, which read:

A: You're unbelievably hot. -T 

Well -- A was obviously Audrey. T? Tai? This was just too much. Abandoning proper attention to privacy, I tore open the case, happy to find a DVD inside. Forgetting that all I had on was a towel, I rushed over to the TV, flipped it on, popped open the DVD player and hit play as fast as I could. 

Within ten seconds, an image appeared on the screen in front of me, one I'll never forget. It was Audrey, on her knees, arms held seductively over her head, playing with her hair -- beautifully, unbelievably, perfectly naked. Her nipples erect, her pussy shaved to a small patch of hair above her pink lips, legs spread, offering the fullest view of her gorgeous mound. I think I literally squealed out loud -- my head was spinning. She began flirting with the camera. 

"Really? Should I do it? I don't know," her voice spoke playfully -- she obviously had every intention of doing it, whatever it was. "Mmm... well, mmm, maybe, just for you," I was sure she was talking to Tai, who remained out of view. 

Her lips parted, her tongue licked them sensuously. She brought her index finger into her mouth, licked the tip of it, and worked her finger down to her perky nipple, circling it with her finger a few times before moving both her hands to her breasts, fondling them softly, swirling her fingers on both nipples and softly moaning. Her hips moved back and forth subtly, and I could hear Tai breathing faster each minute. His cock must have been growing to tremendous proportions as he stood behind that camera. She continued massaging her breasts, bringing her nipples up to her lips, darting her tongue out of her mouth and around in small circles on her nipples, a look of pleasure and abandon on her face. 

My mouth hung open as I stared at my boss on the screen in front of me. Tai's voice was urging her on, giving her instructions, all of which she followed -- "turn around so we can see your gorgeous ass" -- she turned around, bent further over on her knees, revealing her round, curvy butt, pointing it up in the air so that her gorgeous pussy was still visible. She was clearly dripping.

She looked back at the camera, licked a finger, slid it down the front of her pussy lips and then back and forth, back and forth from her ass to her pussy, moaning louder as she repeated it. The sound of Tai rubbing his cock was audible now, a rhythmic stroking, with moans to match. I was probably moaning too. I wasn't touching myself -- I wanted this to last forever, and I knew that the moment my hand touched my clit I would shudder with a very strong orgasm. So I restrained myself -- barely.

The Audrey on the screen reached over to something out of view -- a small pearl vibrator. I heard it begin to buzz. She peeled open her gorgeous pussy lips to reveal her engorged clit and began rubbing it gently with the vibrator. "Ooh-ooh," she said, "Tai, I'm close, I think I'm gonna cum. O-o-" but I didn't get to see or hear what happened next. 

A throat cleared behind me. 

I spun around, dropping my towel, and saw her standing there in the doorway. Holy shit, how had I not heard her come in? I panicked. I started stammering something about looking for a shirt and my clothes fell in the water and -- all the while, the soft moans of Audrey on the TV screen could be heard around me. The Audrey in the doorway smiled and laughed softly. She crossed the room to where I was frantically trying to pick up the towel and figure out how long I had until she fired me. She flicked the TV off and said, "Don't you want the real me?" My mouth hung open. 

"Lana, Lana, relax, it's okay honey," she picked up the towel, but didn't hand it to me, just held it in her hands. Either I was nuts or she was checking me out. "It's okay, really -- did you just find this DVD? Just now? Honestly, I thought you had found it ages ago. I hoped you had found it ages ago. I left it there on purpose. I left it there for you, Lana," she seemed a little embarrassed, actually, which was interesting, considering I was the one who had just been caught naked in my boss' bedroom after having gone through her drawers. 

"You -- what? You did what? For me?" I didn't understand at all what she meant. 

"Lana ... are you serious? You don't ... you haven't noticed how I've been looking at you? How I've tried to get you to look at me?" She took a step closer to me and reached out to touch my hair. I thought I might pass out. "I'm just going to come out with it. I want you. I want you so fucking bad, I can't believe you haven't seen it. Let me do it. Let me have you." She moved in even closer and pulled me to her, I clutched the towel in front of me now. She put her hand on the small of my back and leaned in to my ear. "Remember the day on the deck? Do you think I give that show to everyone?" she whispered in my ear, breathing harder than normal. "You didn't even seem to notice. I thought you weren't interested. You seemed pretty interested in that recording though." She smiled. 

"You want ME?" I said, in disbelief. "Oh my god, Audrey, you have no idea." I looked into her eyes, our lips about 6 inches apart. "I ... I think about you all the time. I think about you every night, before I go to bed," it was all I could get out. Her face disappeared into my neck, and she began breathing heavily onto it, her tongue darting out tenuously to tease me. 

"Good," she said. "Now that we've got that out of the way. Come over here," she pulled me to her, more forcefully this time, and lifted my face to hers. Her lips met mine, and parted. Her tongue moved into my mouth, slowly at first, then more passionately as she put her hands behind my head and held on to my hair. I could have come right then and there, and probably would have if she hadn't pulled away.

"The bed's right there," she said, pointing. "Lay down. On your back." I did as she said. I hadn't been with many women before, only a few in college, so I was glad she took charge. "Let me just look at you. God, you have great tits." She sat next to me and began slowly tracing her fingers up and down my boobs, sending chills through my whole body. 

"Wanna see mine?" Without waiting for a response she pulled her white t-shirt over her head, revealing her perfect semi-circle boobs. She took my hands and pressed them to her tits, pushing in to me and guiding my hands, her head rolling back in pleasure as I responded to her direction. She lowered her chest on to mine, our erect nipples touching, both of us moving into the other. I could feel the juice seeping down the inside of my leg, warm and welcoming. 

She sat up on her knees. "Take my pants off," she said. I reached over and untied the string holding her jeans up, wiggled them down her waist and pulling them on to the floor. She stood in front of me in just a pair of black lace underwear, and I had never wanted anybody more in my entire life. "Oh god, Lana, you have no idea how much I've wanted this." 

I thought I had some idea, but I couldn't seem to talk. 

She pushed me back onto the bed, straddling my mid-section. As her pussy lips spread out I felt her hot wetness. She ground her pussy into my stomach and there was no mistaking it. "Do you feel that?" she whispered. "Do you feel how wet my pussy is for you?" I moaned an answer, enjoying it too much to speak. "Is your pussy wet for me? Is it, Lana? Is your pussy wet for me?" She reached behind her with a finger and I moaned in anticipation. Slowly, she took one finger and drew it all the way up my slit, coming away with a finger soaked in my desire for her.

"Oh, yes, your pussy is definitely wet for me. Here," she said, "taste it." Her finger dripped with my juice and she lowered it to my lips. I opened my mouth and sucked every drop. She rocked her hips and her pussy moved back and forth on my stomach. The same finger went down to my swollen lips again. "My turn to taste," she said, as she sucked my juices off her finger and moaned. 

She rearranged herself so she was lying next to me, running her fingers down the sides of my face, breathing on my neck. "I want to see you play with yourself," she said. "Show me how you massage that dripping pussy. Come on, show me." Spreading my legs, I began to rub the inside of my thighs slowly. I worked my hands over to my pussy lips and spread them wide open, her eyes fixated on my hands. I spread the wetness all around and began tickling my clit, running my fingers around it in little circles like I had done thousands of times before. I began to rub faster, my hips moving up and down, until I began to thrust my first two fingers in and out. 

"Oh god," she said, "I have to taste you." In an instant she was down on her knees, her head buried between my legs. She inhaled deeply. "You smell just as sweet as you taste." Her hands pushed my legs even further apart and her head disappeared. She first ran her fingers up and down, up and down my pussy, blowing gently. Her tongue began to dart out, quickly at first, then slowly, more drawn out, she ran it all the way up and down. I was moaning, loud, now. "Oh, fuck. Oh, fuck, Audrey, oh fuck." She smiled and looked at me "Do you like it? Tell me you like it." She backed off and gently kissed me up and down my entire body, not wanting it to end yet. 

"Now you," she directed, laying back on the bed, spreading her legs and gently pushing my head in between her thighs. I inhaled her sweet scent and stared at her beautiful pink lips. I spread them with my fingers, spreading her juice around, toying with her clit. I hadn't eaten many pussies before and I was nervous that I wouldn't do it right, but I didn't have to worry. "Start slow," she said. "Just give my pussy a little tongue. Yes, like that," she said. "Ooh, like that. Mmm, kiss it ... suck a little now, mmm. Now put your fingers in. Slow. Fuck me with your fingers, Lana, fuck me." 

I did as she said, sliding my wet fingers in and out of her, kissing and sucking her pussy, watching her writhe with pleasure on the bed. "Now both of us," she said, turning herself so that we were in a 69 position. I buried my head between her legs, eagerly lapping every bit of her dripping nectar into my mouth, while she played with my pussy better than even I could. Moans filled the room as we explored every inch of each other's bodies. 

"Now, this," she said. Looking up, I saw a double-sided dildo in her hand. Oh, god, yes, I thought. My pussy needed to be filled up. "I'll go first." She lay down spread eagle, holding the dildo inches from her hole. "Come here," she handed me the dildo. "Slowly, and rub it on my clit." I obeyed, rubbing the dildo first up her slit and teasing her clit with it, then running it down to her hole, darting it in a bit, pulling it out, rubbing her clit, putting it a little further in -- until she couldn't take it anymore, grabbed the dildo and thrust it all the way in. "Oh my god Lana. You're good at this," she said. "Do it to yourself, let me watch." I rubbed the dildo up to my clit, down to my hole -- put it in just a little, pulled it out, oh god, I still don't know how I didn't come right then. Finally, I had to have it inside of me. 

"Now, fuck me," she commanded, staring me in the eye. "Fuck me, Lana." 

We began to ride each other, the dildo between us exciting us both beyond belief. Our pussies touched, we both spread them as far as they could go. Her cunt rubbing on mine, her moaning my name. "Audrey I can't ... I can't, I'm gonna come, I can't help it." 

"No, you're going to wait," she said, moving herself and removing the dildo. "You're going to wait, because I want you to come all over my face." Her head disappeared between my legs again, her expert tongue going to work. My hips bucked on her face, my hands shoved her face deeper into my pussy. "Come for me Lana," she managed to say, "come all over my face. I want your sweet juice dripping down my chin, oh god, yes, Lana, come for me." I lost it. My orgasm finally released, flooding my body with the strongest sensations I had ever felt, her kisses falling on my pussy with every thrust. We were both moaning loud, long, low moans of ecstasy. 

"Lana, fuck me with your fingers, fuck me, I'm going to come." I quickly found her slit, began rubbing, opened them up and fucked her with my fingers. She began to scream, "Oh, fuck, FUCK, YES, LANA, OH MY GOD, YES, YES." The last of our orgasms passed over us and we lay next to each other, kissing, naked, wet. 

The next week, she didn't bother going out on a date. But that's a story for another time.