 A few months ago, for my birthday, my roommate got me a gift card for a free, hour-long full body massage from a local spa. She handed it to me in a pink envelope, which read 'Happy Birthday Courtney'. I thanked her for the gift but never actually thought I'd use it. But eventually the stresses of college grades and work finally caught up to me and I decided it would do me some good. 

When I called, some guy with an accent scheduled my appointment for 10:30am the next morning and asked me for the address. At first I was confused but was informed that rather than me going to the spa, the masseuse would come to my house. 

I woke up the next morning around 9 o'clock. My roommate had already left for work and I was all to myself. After I ate breakfast and took a shower I sat on my bed and painted my toenails while waiting for the masseuse to arrive. I wondered if it would be the guy on the phone. He sounded like he was attractive. Finally at about 10:45 the doorbell rang and I quickly got up to answer it hoping the guy who would soon have his hands all over my body, was someone I wouldn't mind being touched by. But to my surprise I opened the door to a female. 

"Hello, my name is Jana." She said. "I'm here for the 10:30 appointment." 

She was probably about late twenty's maybe thirty , with shoulder-length brown hair and smooth tan complexion. She wore a black skirt a few inches above the her knees, and a blue sleeveless , v-neck top. 

"I apologize for being late." She said as I invited her inside. "I had trouble finding the address."

We went on to my room where she handed me a towel and told me to undress and make my self comfortable on the bed. Then she left the room. 

'Oh well', I thought to myself. 'If it had been a guy he probably would have been gay and overly-professional.' I took off the shirt I was wearing and tossed it on the bed, then pulled off my pajama shorts and did the same. With no panties underneath I was completely naked. I had never had a professional massage before. I didn't know if I was to be completely nude or not. 'Oh well.' I thought. 'That's what the towel is for.'

I laid face down across the foot of the bed and covered myself with the towel. When she returned she was carrying a large hand bag from which she set out many different bottles of lotions and oils. 

She poured a hand full of massage oil and began with my neck and shoulders. I was instantly relaxed by her touch. I closed my eyes and let out a relaxing sigh. She was very good at her job. After giving a considerable amount of attention to my shoulders she continued slowly downward, to my sides and lower back. Then seeming to ignore the towel that was over my butt, she slid her hands underneath it firmly massaging my ass. I didn't mind though it felt good. After a moment she pulled the towel away and tossed it on the bed beside me.

"Those things just get in the way." She said. "Keeps me from doing my job." She slid her warm oily hands down between my thighs. I felt the edge of her fingers briefly brush my clit. I tensed up a little and gave a short, almost silent gasp. "Oh, I see your a little sensitive there." She said continuing down to the bends of my knees. "No." I said relaxing again. "Just slightly ticklish." She gave a subtle laugh as she gently bent my leg to massage my ankles and feet. 

I wonder if she realized what she had done. I wonder if she meant to. It felt good and I wondered if she'd do it again. She applied more oil to my feet as she carefully massaged my soles and between each of my toes. Then she worked her way back up the inside of my legs until she reached the same spot as before. And again I felt the edge of her fingers brush against my pussy. I slightly parted my thighs giving her hands more room to work but she didn't seem to notice as she moved upward eventually back to my shoulders.

"Okay, you can turn over now." She said as she walked over to table where the lotions sat. There I was now face up bare breasted. My nipples were a bit stiff from the cool air. I raised my head and looked down to see my bare pubic mound and pussy lips peeking out between my thighs. I felt a little on display, but also a little turned on as well. She looked through her handbag for a moment and then returned standing over my head. She started rubbing my temples then down over my neck and chest. She applied oil to my breast and began massaging them softly at first then increased the pressure little by little. She seemed to be focusing on my nipples, which was arousing me even more than her faint encounter between my legs. I began breathing heavier as my nipples grew harder. I closed my eyes and pushed my chest up harder into her hands. I guess she caught on because she started pinching my nipples. Then I felt her shirt sweep over my face just before her mouth met my breast. Her warm tongue circled around my swollen areola and I felt her hand slide down over my stomach and between my legs. Her oily fingers found my clit and gently stroked it before slipping down inside me. I was already wet and welcomed her penetrating touch. I moaned loudly as her finger slid between my nether lips and deep inside and I moaned again when she added a another finger. My muscles tightened around her fingers as she slowly pushed them in and out. Her mouth moved from one nipple to the other, back and forth ,nibbling, sucking and licking. As she leaned over me her large breasts brushed against my face. My arms were already over my head and I reached out and squeezed them. They were definitely real. I could feel her hard nipples stretching out through the fabric.

She slipped her finger out of me and slowly rubbed her hand back up over my stomach and between my tits. She stuck the two fingers into her mouth and sucked my juices from them. She closed her eyes as she savored the taste. 

She got up and walked around where she kneeled down between my parted legs. She gave slow, gentle, licks and kisses up my inner thighs where her hot mouth eventually met my clit. I moaned as she sucked it and tongued it. I spread my legs further apart and tweaked my nipples while her tongue explored my slit. She inserted her fingers in my pussy again. I pulled my knees up to my chest allowing her to push deeper inside me. My legs began to tremble as she licked harder and faster. Her fingers probed my g-spot and I could feel the orgasm rising in me. My whole body tensed up and I grinded my pussy against her fingers and mouth. She sucked my clit tight into her lips and vigorously flicked her tongue over it. Her fingers pumped in and out of my wet cunt and finally I released it. My body convulsed, my voice shook in half screams and went silent at times when I couldn't seem to make noise. I gripped the blanket in my fists and held it for the duration of my seemingly endless climax. 

Her tongue traveled upward and met with my tits again. She nibbled each of my little pink buttons sending waves electricity through my still quivering body. She pulled her finger from my pussy and held it to my lips so I could taste myself.

"Do you like that?" She asked. "Want to taste me?"

I swallowed the lump in my throat and nodded yes as she pulled up her skirt exposing her neatly trimmed, dripping wet snatch. She laid down and I got on all fours and buried my face in it sucking up her sweet nectar. She grabbed my head and grinded against my nose. Her pussy smelled and tasted so good. 

"Finger fuck me." She demanded. I slid my middle finger inside her gap while tongue tickling her throbbing clit. She got wetter and wetter and the more she dripped the more I drank. My free hand explored upward to find her soft full breasts. Her areolas and nipples were huge and very stiff. I felt her hand on the back of my head pushing my face hard into her cunt. 

For a moment I pulled my finger out of her so I could replace it with my tongue. I wanted to taste more of her. I used my fingers to spread her lips open and my tongue darted in and out of her sweet hole. Then I drove it in as deep and I could. I wiggled it around inside her getting a good taste of her pussy. She grinded and bucked her hips as my tongue slithered around inside her. 

"I'm gonna cum!" she screamed. 

My mouth went into a frenzy. I licked and sucked and stuffed two fingers in her wet love hole. I could feel her muscles tighten around them as she came.

After she caught her breath she looked at the clock on the nightstand next to the bed. Our time was just about up. Nevertheless she took a pink dildo from her bag and had me get on all fours then stuffed it in my gash. Her fingers worked my clit as she gave me a good, hard fucking. Within minutes I was cumming for the second time. 

She pulled her skirt down and straightened her top. All I could do was lie there on the bed in post-orgasmic delight, as she gathered her things back into the bag. It had been well over an hour now but rather than charging me for the extra time she handed me another free card signed 'Jana' at the bottom. She kissed me softly and I could still taste my pussy on her lips. "When you call, ask for me by name." She said.