 Ah Sunday. The day of football and beer and shouting men who fill my living room all day long. Sound exciting? Well maybe for some it would but for me, this meant another day of keeping myself occupied. You see I'm what is called a "football widow". My husband is a football fan and we made an agreement a long time ago that Sundays would be his day with his buddies to drink, eat and have fun.

Usually this isn't a big deal for me as I get together with friends and go out to do our "girl stuff". But today it was raining and miserable outside so I decided to just stay home and do stuff around the house. First thing on my list was laundry. I grabbed my laundry basket and the novel I was currently reading and proceeded to head down to the basement of our condominium to read while my laundry was being done. On laundry day I usually just wore a pair of my hubby's boxers and a tank top and today would be no different. Despite the weather outside, it was warm in the basement.

Walking through the living room, I stopped and gave my husband a kiss and told him where I was heading. I could feel the eyes of every guy in the room staring at my backside as I bent over to whisper in Bob's ear. This was nothing new to me and I was quite used to getting stares wherever I went. You see I'm 5'5", 120 pounds and have fiery red hair that hangs almost to my ass. I have been told that I have a figure that most women would kill for and most men would cry to be able to hold at least once in their lives. Personally I loved being looked at, but I loved my husband and had never even considered another man in the 5 years we'd been married.

Smiling a good-bye at the guys, who were once again glued to the television set, I left the condo and went downstairs. 

Thankfully no one was down there so I could have some peace and quiet. Once my clothes were in the washing machine, I went and curled up in one of the chairs that were there. The benefits of living in a "well-to-do" area were that our facilities were top notch and the management provided us with very comfortable furniture to kill time in.

The book I was reading was doing a great job of holding my attention and I was currently at a spot where it was becoming rather erotic and I could feel it beginning to affect me. Checking to make sure no one else had entered the room while I was in my reverie, I slowly slid my fingers into my husband's boxers that I was wearing and could feel that I had become somewhat moist. Continuing to read I began lightly touching myself, gently running my fingers along the outside of my labia and once in a while touching my clit. Before too long I knew that I was going to have to take care of this small "problem" I had started.

Getting up to move the clothes from the washer to the dryer and putting in the second load, I once again checked to make sure no one was around so that I could finish what my book had started. Once the clothes were all in place, I went back to my chair and picked up my book again.

Within moments my hand was once again inside my boxer's and I was feeling my wetness, which had increased. I slowly pressed 2 fingers inside of myself and let out a small gasp of desire. Removing my fingers, I spread my wetness over my clit and began rubbing it, slowly in small circular motions. God this was feeling so good. This was not something new to me so I didn't at all feel uncomfortable playing with myself in a public place. I've done it at work, at movie theatres, and in my car among other places.

Continuing to work my magic on myself, I spread my legs so that one was on the back of the chair I was sitting in and the other was planted firmly on the ground. This exposed my pussy for anyone to see because of how loose the boxers were on my tiny frame. Putting my book down, I threw my head back and continued to play with myself. Oh God this was so good. I was so wet and I knew that my husband would be thrilled to be able to smell me all over his boxers when his company left and that I would get a good fucking tonight. He loved when I came home and shared my stories with him.

So caught up in what I was doing, I didn't hear that someone had come into the laundry room. Suddenly I heard a small cough and a female voice say, "Oh my goodness, I'm sorry." I brought my one leg down from the back of the chair and smiled at the girl who had come in.

"Oh I'm sorry," I said, "I didn't expect anyone to walk in." I grinned sheepishly at her and noticed that her eyes were glued to my very wet pussy that she could apparently still see with the way I was sitting. Now this was proving to be an interesting situation. I really needed to get myself off at this point so I waited to see if she was going to place her clothes in the washing machine and then leave. I picked up my book and began to watch her go about her business. As she turned her back to me, I noticed that she was wearing a pair of very short denim shorts and a clingy t-shirt that showed off a very nicely shaped body. She couldn't have been much younger than my 27 years and she was very beautiful with blonde, spiky hair, green eyes and very long legs.

Suddenly she turned and found me looking at her. "Like what you see?" she asked as I looked down, embarrassed at being caught staring at her. I was not sure how to answer but I managed to talk without showing my embarrassment.

"Actually yes, yes I do. You're a very beautiful young lady." I commented to her with a smile. "I don't think I've seen you around here before."

She then sat down beside me in the other chair and went on to tell me that she had just moved in the week before. Now I had never been with another woman, although I must admit I had fantasized about what it would be like. When I was in high school I had a friend who was bisexual and had asked if I wanted to try anything but I was too afraid. Now, as a happily married woman, I was beginning to wonder if I had made a mistake.

We continued to talk for a few more minutes and then she reached over and touched my hair. She smiled and said, "Wow you have absolutely amazing hair. It's so red and soft." She smiled at me and I noticed that she had her tongue pierced. I had heard stories about tongue piercings and how erotic they could be during oral sex. I could feel my clit begin to harden again and could feel the pussy juices start to flow again. What was I doing? All of a sudden I noticed that her hand had moved from my hair to my shoulder and she was caressing me lightly. I could feel goose bumps appearing on my skin but I couldn't, nor did I want to, stop her. It felt so different than when my husband touched me. It was soft and gentle.

Her green eyes looked into mine as if waiting to see if I would stop her. When I didn't, her hand then moved down to touch my 36C breasts. I felt my nipple harden beneath her fingertips and I shuddered.

"Oh," she said, "you are so beautiful. I'm sorry for being so forward. Should I stop?"

I couldn't even form words right now so I just shook my head. At that moment she got up and walked to the door of the laundry room and closed and locked it. Damn why didn't I think of that? As she walked back towards me, she smiled at me as if trying to make me feel more comfortable. She stopped in front of me and took the book from my hand. "Oh good book," she said. "I've read this one myself and can remember how many times I had to pleasure myself while reading it." I blushed but couldn't take my eyes from her.

Suddenly she dropped the book to the floor and knelt in front of me, turning me so that I was facing her and both my feet were on the floor on either side of her. She placed her soft hands on my thighs and gently caressed my hot skin. "Ever been with a woman?" she asked. I shook my head.

"Well there's a first time for everything."

Slowly her hands began moving up my thighs, getting closer to my wetness. I know she could smell the musky scent that I was giving off and she seemed to be totally immersed in it. She then bent over me and began running her tongue along my thigh. I could feel my body tighten and desire run through me like wildfire. I slowly spread my thighs open, an invitation for her to continue. As her hands approached my pussy, she slowly moved the boxers aside so that could see my wetness. Slowly her hand reached to me and she began running her finger along my pussy lips, feeling my wetness and spreading it all around me. At that moment, her tongue began a slow progression up my thighs, getting closer and closer to the edge of the boxers. I could feel the tongue ring glide across my skin as her tongue continued it's movement.

As her tongue grew closer, she moved her fingers aside and then placed her tongue against my throbbing clit. Oh my goodness it felt so wonderful and I was helpless at that moment, knowing that I probably shouldn't be doing this and yet not wanting it to stop. I couldn't begin to imagine what my husband would say but, at that moment, I really didn't care.

I spread my legs even further apart and let her work her magic on me. Her tongue worked in circular motions around my clit and then moved down to my lips, slowly opening them so that she could insert her tongue inside me. I let out a moan of pleasure as she slowly inserted her tongue into me. Lapping at my juices now, she moved her hands around to my ass to press me closer to her so that she could have all of me. Slowly she began pushing the boxes shorts down over my ass and I lifted myself so that she could remove them from me. She then continued her tongue exploration and her hands continued to caress my ass. I then felt her insert a finger into my pussy, saturating it with my own juices. She moved her hand back around and probed to find my tight hole. Groaning now and knowing what was coming, I prepared myself for her to penetrate my asshole with her finger. This was so glorious. As she began to press her finger into my ass, her tongue dove deep into my pussy, tongue and finger fucking me at the same time. I could feel how fast this orgasm was going to happen and knew there was nothing I could do to stop it. She began a perfect rhythm with her finger and tongue, making me cry out with desire.

Wanting even more, I placed my legs over her shoulders so she could have a good view of what she was doing. She continued lapping at me and moving her finger around inside my tight ass. Then, as if knowing how close to cumming I was, she moved her tongue back to my clit, so hard it almost hurt. Running her tongue in circular motions with just the right amount of pressure, I was now almost completely off the chair.

"Oh my god, please don't stop. I'm going to cum." I groaned loudly at her.

Feeling myself tighten with my impending orgasm, she now had one finger in my ass, 2 fingers inside my pussy and her tongue still working on my clit. In seconds I could feel myself vibrating and twitching with my orgasm. The juices flowed freely from my body and she lapped them up with small slurping sounds, making sure to get them all. People were right, oral sex with a tongue piercing was totally amazing and there was nothing like it. Getting up now, she leaned down to me and kissed me deeply. I could feel her tongue moving around inside my mouth and I could taste myself all over her. She then stepped away, moved her clothes to the dryer and, with a smile and a wave, left the laundry room.

To be continued...