 I paid the taxi and watched as it disappeared back down the dry, dusty road. I took what was left of my luggage inside and headed straight for the villa's pool, which I had all to myself for the next seven days.

I had not replaced the bikini that had been stolen in Paris, along with most of my other stuff, so I stripped down to my panties and took the plunge. The cool, blue water engulfed my whole body, sending a shiver down my spine and hardening my nipples.

As I swam a few laps on my back I could feel my panties riding up my crotch and rubbing against my clit. This, along with the hot, Spanish sun beating down on my body, was making me feel incredibly horny.

I paddled to the far end of the pool and pulled myself up the first couple of steps of the pool ladder. Then, straddling the aluminum handrail, I began to rub my aching pussy against the cool hard metal; one hand keeping me steady, the other caressing my left breast. I pulled my panties to one side, so that as my cunt moved up and down the rail the lips of my pussy opened up, exposing my swollen clit.

Consumed by my own self-gratification I didn't notice the woman who had emerged from the villa.

"I'm glad you seem to be settling in okay," she said, startling me so that I lost grip of the handrail and fell back into the pool.

I resurfaced just as she reached the poolside to help me out. I didn't know how long she been there, or what she had seen, and cringed with embarrassment at the thought of showing myself off in public. She, however, didn't seem the least bit put out as she held out her hand to pull me out.

"I'm sorry I startled you. You looked like you were enjoying yourself."

I was blushing profusely and trying to cover my pussy, which had been shaved just a few days before. "That's okay," I said. "I guess I just got a bit carried away."

It wasn't until my unexpected visitor walked over to a sun lounger, to pick up my towel, that I realized how beautiful she was. Wearing the tiniest of white bikinis I could clearly see her dark, hard nipples and small, black vee of hair between her legs. She must have been ten years older than me, but her firm, athletic body was in the peak of condition. And, although my only lesbian experience had been a bout of clumsy, mutual masturbation with a friend when in ninth grade, my feeling of embarrassment was beginning to be overtaken by my original horniness.

"My name is, Maria," she said, as she moved close to me and began to gently towel me down. "I'm the owner of the villa. I came round to see how you were settling in and if there is anything I can do for you?"

The large, rough towel was gently grazing against my nipples, sending spasms of delight through my body. I arched my back, so that my breasts pushed against the towel.

"You're doing just fine," I said, in a whisper.

Maria let the towel drop and moved her lips to my nipples, sucking and licking them expertly. 

I couldn't reach the clasp on her bikini, so all I could do was pinch one of her nipples through the flimsy material that encased it. Maria let out a muffled groan and gently bit my nipple as her other hand began to rub my ass. When she finally took her mouth from my nipple she pressed hit against my mouth, pushing apart my lips and forcing her tongue deep inside. I now undid her bikini top and began to play with her breasts. My thumbs and forefingers pulled at her nipples as I kissed her back, out tongues passionately entwined.

Even if my panties weren't wet from my swim my juices would have soaked them by the time we stopped kissing. "I want you!" I said, as I gazed into her beautiful, brown eyes.

"Come here," Maria said, taking my hand. 

She led me to the sun lounger and motioned me to sit down. As I sat, Maria pulled down her panties. She stood in front me naked, without a tan line on her magnificent body. I could resist no longer and reached up and slid a finger into her pussy. It was as wet as my own and I pushed it deep into her. Maria reluctantly pulled my finger out and sucked her juices off.

"Not yet," she said. "I want you first."

She knelt down in front of me and pulled down my panties. I could feel her hot breath on my pussy as she gazed at my sex. Then her lips closed over it and she began to eat me like a starving man. She sucked hard on my clit and fingered me with two fingers and it wasn't long before I was near to orgasm. As if sensing this, and wanting to prolong my pleasure, Maria lifted me up and turned her attentions to my ass. I felt her tongue lapping at my anus and then forcing its way into my asshole.

Barely able to control myself, I began to claw at my own pussy, pinching and pulling my clit. I could feel my orgasm building up inside me like a hurricane. My body jerked and, pushing away my hand, Maria closed her mouth over my pussy, riding my orgasm like a bucking bronco and drinking in my cum.

When I calmed down I opened my legs and released Maria from my love grip. She climbed on top of me and kissed me, letting me taste my love juice, which tasted sweeter than I ever remembered.

Sliding up over my body, Maria let me suckle on her tits. Then she raised herself up and squatted on the arms of the lounger, her pussy six inches from my waiting mouth. I lifted my head to lick her dripping sex, but she raised herself up, teasingly out of reach.

"First, you watch," she said, smiling down at me. "Then you taste."

I obeyed and sat back as she began to rub her hands over her tanned body, massaging her breasts and pulling at her nipples. Then she pushed up her tit and lowered her head so that she could lick and then suck her nipple. Her hands then moved down to her beautiful, Spanish pussy. Pulling herself open, her lush pink lips and dripping love button were only inches from my mouth. She began to rub herself with the tips of her fingers, pressing down on her clit as she rubbed it in a slow, clockwise motion.

The sight of this woman opening herself up completely was bringing out an animal passion I never knew I had.

"Fuck yourself!" I said. "Stick two fingers in your juicy cunt."

Maria obeyed. She began to jerk herself off, her fingers disappearing deep inside her. I was feeling like a sexed craved junkie. Getting high on the sight in front of my face.

"Look at yourself. Look at your fingers fucking your cunt."

Maria bent her head so she could watch herself as her fingers frigged faster and faster, harder and harder into her soaking pussy. 

Maria began moaning. "Oh, God!" she cried. "I'm fucking my cunt."

"Now taste yourself. Suck your cum off your fingers."

As soon as her fingers left her hole I jammed three of mine up her snatch. Maria licked her glistening fingers, savoring the taste of her own love juice. I moved my head to within an inch of her dripping cunt.

"I can smell your pussy, you whore!" I said, ramming my fingers deep in her.

My own pussy was now on fire again. I pulled Maria's pussy on to my mouth and sucked and licked her cunt. As I did this I pushed a finger into her ass. Lubricated with her cum, my finger slipped easily up her butt.

"Yes! Fuck my ass. Eat my cunt and fuck my ass," Maria cried. She was then consumed by her orgasm. She ground her hips into my face. In return I pushed a second finger up her ass and sucked hard on her swollen clit. With each wave she fucked my mouth and I fucked her ass.

She finally collapsed into my arms and we lay together in a heap. I slowly pulled my fingers from her ass and tasted them, savoring the taste of her ass and pussy mixed together.

"Is this how you welcome all your guests?" I asked, when we had both recovered.

"Only cute little whores," she said. "Now, how about I bring my toys over tomorrow?"

I kissed her long and passionately, and then said, "I think this could be the best vacation I've ever had."