 This story is another example of my secret lesbian lifestyle that I have now been involved in for the past 6 years. Still to this day my husband doesn't know that I have been having an affair with another woman, our real estate agent and my best friend. This has been the best 6 years of my life both physically and mentally. Up until now I had only ever been with one woman Jillian. But that changed on a business trip to Sydney recently. 

I live on the Gold Coast in Australia and work for a large multi national company as a secretary for a senior employee. This year the company was holding its national end of year awards in Sydney and for the first time all of the staff was invited. All the airfares and accommodation was paid for. This was fantastic. It meant that I would get a chance to meet with all the other girls that I deal with around the country and put a face to the names.

We arrived on the Saturday morning. Most of the flights arrived about the same time and we were picked up by bus and taken to our hotel in the city. On the bus were 3 girls that I have regular contact with, Shelly, Julie & Sharon. We talked our heads off all the way to the hotel.

Once there we were allocated out rooms with our room mates. I ended up with Joyce a middle aged woman from Sydney. We have had brief contact over the last few years but really didn't know much about each other. She was an attractive woman around the same height as me and looked to be around 65 odd kilos. A size 12 to 14 I would dare think.

We went to our rooms and unpacked. I told Joyce my life story (leaving out my secret side of course) and she told me hers. She is married but has been separated for 2 years and has 2 boys. A 9yo and a 12yo. Her husband had run off with another woman. So I asked her if she was on the prowl tonight, and she said "if I get lucky you might have to bunk in with one of the other girls"

The three girls Joyce and I hung around for the morning and ended up at Darling Harbour for lunch. We all got on like a house on fire. Evan Joyce was comfortable with us "younger girls".

As we were getting ready to go out that night I just stripped off and headed for the shower. I'm very casual around woman now and I didn't really care if I offended Joyce or not. I don't think she cared too much because after her shower she came out with a towel wrapped around her, then she dropped the towel and proceeded to get dressed in front of me. 

As suspected a full figure woman, full breasts, wide hips with love handles a thin strip of pubic hair and a few extra kilos around the mid section. The only thing that didn't match her body was her killer legs, they were outstanding. All in all still a very tidy package. I myself at 35 am still reasonably taut and terrific at 52kg with my average boobs still firm and I tight ass to die for. We were both looking very sexy in our outfits ready to party. 

That night we were bussed to the venue and all of us had a blast and eventually ended up in a bar in the city close to our hotel. We were all pretty drunk by then when Sharon came running over to the table and asked all of us if we wanted to go to the nightclub around the corner with the three guys she met at the bar. Shelly and Julie jumped at the chance. I was not really interested and Joyce said she didn't want to spoil the younger ones night by tagging along. So Joyce and I stayed there and had a couple more drinks then went back to the hotel.

As we were getting ready for bed I was heading for the bathroom in my underwear and Joyce was sitting on the edge of the bed dressed in a t-shirt and cotton knickers, with tears welling up in her eyes as she started to cry. I sat down next to her and asked what was wrong. She said to me she hated men. Every man she talked to tonight was either married or not interested. She said even if she went naked tonight still no man would have noticed her. 

I told her that was nonsense. "Any man would die to be with you" I said "You're gorgeous and funny and beautiful and someone would come along soon and sweep you off your feet". I told her that just about all of the guys there tonight weren't that good anyway, because the other girls left without any of them in tow. This seemed to help put a little smile on her face and Joyce gave me a little hug and said thank you.

She crawled into bed as I went to the bathroom. By the time I came out naked (I always sleep without cloths) Joyce was staring at the ceiling with this lost look on her face. I told her that everything in the morning would be better and to try to get a good nights sleep. She looked over at me and said she would try.

I turned out the lights and got into bed. I shuffled around for a few minutes to get comfortable and then I heard Joyce starting to sob like a sad puppy. This went on for a couple of minutes before I had to do something to help her over this dilemma. 

I turned the lamp on and got out of my bed and crawled into Joyce's and cuddled up behind her. I started to stroke her hair and tell her that everything was going to be alright. Joyce started to calm down and her light sobbing and tears reduced to a faint whimper. Joyce rolled over onto her back and looked up at me and said "thank you for understanding and being a good friend". 

She then reached up and gave me a kiss to say thank you. I dragged the kiss out as long as I could and then gave her a few shorter kisses for good measure. As I broke away from the last kiss I looked at her with lust in my eyes. She was just staring at me with this slightly confused look on her face. I knew right then and there that this was my chance. 

I leaned down and slowly started to kiss Joyce tenderly on the mouth. After a few seconds and feeling no hesitation from her I parted my lips and let my tongue slip out and press lightly against her lips. I was excited to feel Joyce's lips slightly open up to accept my probing tongue. 

Suddenly Joyce tensed up and pulled away looking up at me and said "I don't think I can do this Amanda". I leaned down and started to place very light kisses on her forehead and cheeks and said to her "You have no faith in men anymore Joyce, just relax and let me show what life is like on the other side of the fence."

With that said I leaned in again and placed a slightly harder kiss on her lips and let my tongue slip straight into her mouth. I could feel her pulling away again, so I drove my tongue deeper into her mouth and really gave her a lust filled kiss that would be hard to resist. I then felt her body start to relax and she started to respond to my kiss. 

After about 10 seconds of a very passionate kiss she broke away again and turned her head to the side. This exposed her neck and ear to me. I could sense she was about to call the whole thing quits and get up. I couldn't let this happen and I dove in and started to attack her ear and neck. I heard her say "Amanda" in a tone of voice that you would use if you where telling your kids to stop doing something. Just as I sucked her earlobe into my mouth and lightly chewed on it I heard her let out a large sigh as if she was giving up and letting me have my way.

Suddenly the green light appeared in my head and I just took off. I kissed, licked and chewed her ear and neck like it was my last meal. I could feel Joyce's chest rising and falling as she was taking in the big breaths.

With my left arm draped over her and my hand resting on the bed, I began to slide it up her torso and cupped her breast. Joyce then had a sudden intake of breath and turned her head towards me. Her eyes were wide open and she had a look a shock on her face. Before she had a chance to say anything I stuffed my tongue into her mouth and gave her the deepest and wettest kiss I think she has ever had.

My left hand went back to caressing her breast and I knew from that moment on there was no turning back for her. I could feel her nipple starting to react to my touch and she was starting to kiss me back with as much passion as I was giving her.

I released her nipple and slid my hand up inside her t-shirt to touch the naked skin of her breast and she let out a large sigh as if all her worries were leaving her. At this stage my nipples were rock hard and my pussy was soaking wet with excitement.

This was a huge turn on for me. I managed to seduce another woman a mother of 42 of all things. I remembered what it was like when Jillian seduced me for the first time and how excited I was. It changed my life forever. Now it was my turn to change somebody else's life (for the better I hope). 

I began to push up Joyce's t-shirt to expose her breasts so I could get to her protruding nipples and I felt her right hand helping me with the task. Her left hand was now caressing my back. I raised my left leg and slipped it across her groin as I ground my crouch into her hips, and started to slow hump her leg like a dog on heat.

I broke our deep kiss and lent down to take her nipple into my waiting mouth. There is something to be said about sucking a woman's nipple that has given birth. They were huge. Much bigger than Jillian's and she's not slouch in that department. Thinking that she proberly breast feed her children on these made me tingle with joy and sent another flood of juices to my already soaked pussy.

I let my left hand slid down her stomach feeling her soft full figure under my touch. It was a nice feeling to have not such a firm body next to mine. A nice middle age spread in all the right places to cuddle up to. 

I ran my hand further down until I was sliding it over the outside of her knickers, feeling the heat from her pussy. Joyce's natural instinct was to part her leg to give me access. She parted them slightly at first, still apprehensive, but once my fingers brushed over her lips the doorway to greater treasures was open for pleasure.

I released her nipple from my mouth and returned to kissing her deeply. Joyce's body was starting to move around under my touch. As my fingers were making slow circles over her pussy I could feel her knickers gathering up in her crotch. I began to push the loose material into her wet pussy. It felt like I was finger fucking her with cotton gloves on. The more she moved around the more material gathered up. It felt like I was pushing all of her panties into her.

Her moaning told me she was well and truly into what was happening, so it was time to make my move south down her body, kissing all the soft spots on the way. I sat up and knelt between her legs and slowly pulled her undies off exposing her deeply red swollen pussy.

I raised her knickers to my face and breathed in her musky fragrance. I then exposed the crotch that was wet with her juices and looked into Joyce's eyes. She was staring at me not knowing what was going to happen. I placed my tongue onto the material and started to lick the crotch as if it was a lollypop. Then I opened my mouth and pushed in her panties sucking them like no tomorrow. 

I was looking and Joyce the whole time and watched her face change from the loving mother look to this unleashed bitch on heat. Her hands had moved up to cup her breasts and pinch her nipples as she watched me devour her cum soaked panties.

I leaned forward and removed her knickers from my mouth and gave her a deep kiss allowing her to taste her cum on my tongue. As we kissed I brought her knickers to our mouths and slowly inserted them into our kissing frenzy. Joyce was now grunting and moaning louder than before and I was starting to grind my pussy on her pubic bone trying to get a little relief. 

I broke away from the kiss leaving Joyce to feast on her panties and slid down and started to lick up her inner thighs. As I licked over her pussy lips for the first time I felt her hand run over the back of my head gently urging me on. I gently licked and probed her pussy feeling every crevice and taste she had to offer. I moved my hand up and slid her hood back exposing her pulsing clitoris. It was like a red beacon flashing in the night waiting for someone to put out the fire. 

As I sucked her clit into my hungry mouth, Joyce's body suddenly arched up and her hand pushed my head harder against her groin. I sucked and chewed on her love button just waiting for the explosion. I could hear her really groaning now and she was staring to become verbal saying "oohhh fuck" "oohhh fuck" over and over. Then suddenly her legs clamped around my head it all went silent as her body gave up the treasure that I was seeking. 

Her body started to convulse as her orgasm ripped through her body. My chin was being soaked by the pussy juices being expelled from her body. I sucked and sucked on her clit and rode the climax wave with Joyce until her body flopped back on the bed and the pressure of her hand and legs released my head from her pussy. 

I slowly and gently licked all around her pussy trying to get every little drop of juice I could find. As I was cleaning up Joyce's crotch I felt her reach down and grab my hand and guide it to her pussy. She began pushing my fingers into her pussy urging me to fuck her again. Wow did I release the beast in her or what. She had just had a very intense orgasm which would have finished off most people, but she wanted to go again.

I put two fingers into her pussy and slowly started to work them around. This was not good enough for Joyce. She reached down again and grabbed my hand and pushed the other two fingers into her gapping pussy. This woman knew what see wanted now as was not afraid to ask for it. 

I thought to myself that if she can take 4 then she could handle 5. I pulled my thumb into the palm of my hand and worked my hand in and out until I managed to slip in the fifth digit. I couldn't believe it, 15 minutes ago Joyce was sobbing that she was all alone with no one to love her, and here I was virtually fist fucking her to her second orgasm in as much time.

Joyce reached down and grabbed her knees and pulled them out and up to her chest exposing herself to me. This allowed her pussy to open up more and my hand seamed to slip in up to my knuckles with ease. I started to drive it in and out at the same time slowly twisting it from side to side. I reached in with my other hand and began the rub over her clit and urethra with my thumb. 

Joyce's body was starting to work with the rhythm of my fist and at one stage she let out a small squirt of pee and I think she may have passed wind as well. I knew right them that all her inhibitions had gone out the window and she was right into the bi-sexual experience. 

I leaned in and licked and sucked her clit and urethra where her pee had pooled and was rewarded with another squirt. I don't think she realized that she had peed a little at this point. Then suddenly I felt her whole body go limp and my hand slipped further into her. You know when your about 3 seconds away from orgasm your body relaxes just before you explode. And explode she did. I thought my hand was going to be broken when Joyce's muscles clamped around it. She closed her legs and her body convulsed squeezing and releasing, squeezing and releasing.

I held my hand still while she was going through her orgasm. After about 15 seconds or so she let out this long sigh and her legs fell back onto the bed. Joyce was breathing as if she had just run a marathon. I pushed one leg open and slowly pulled my hand out making a popping sound as it exited.

I sat there for a minute just taking in the moment. I slowly licked the juices from my hand as I watched Joyce return to the living. I leaned forward and offered her 2 fingers which she licked like it was an ice cream. I started to grind my pussy against her pubic bone realizing that I had not got off yet.

I got off Joyce and moved around on the bed so that I was sitting pussy to pussy with her. I grabbed one leg and slid it under hers, and pulled her other leg over the top of mine. I started to move my hips back and forth pushing my pussy against hers. I settled into a rhythm pulling her legs hard against me and began fucking her with a purpose. Our pussies were slapping together making wet sloppy sounds. 

I moved my hips up and down so my clitoris was sliding over hers humping her hard and fast. I felt Joyce's hands grab onto my legs pulling me harder against her. I looked up at her face. I could see her willing me on. Her hips were now moving with mine. We were fucking each other hard just waiting for me to get myself off. I think if there was a dick in between us neither of us would have cared. (maybe next time I can get a double ended dildo to add into the mix)

I felt my orgasm building faster and faster harder and harder. Then it hit me. It felt like sparks were shooting out of my pussy. I was shaking as the wave of pleasure ripped through my body. I squirted a small amount of pussy cum over Joyce's tummy and then collapsed backwards on the bed. My breathing was hard and heavy as small aftershocks were still coursing through me. 

I looked up at Joyce and watched her as she ran her finger through the juices on her tummy and brought it up to her mouth to taste my offerings. I lay there for a few minutes to recover and then I untangled myself and slid up next to Joyce and gave her a light kiss on the lips. I then said to her "welcome to the other side". She looked at me and said "thank you for showing me".

We cleaned ourselves up and then curled up with each other and went to sleep. I awoke the next morning to find Joyce leaning over me with her fingers running through my thin pubic hair. I parted my legs to give her access and let her finger me to a wonderful little orgasm. We had a shower together and I got Joyce off with the remote shower head spraying water directly on her clit. 

Joyce asked me how I became "interested" in the same sex. I told her that I was drawn to the "dark side" in a slightly different situation than what happened last night, but I would never swap what happened to me as it made me look at my life a different way. For the better I might add.

We got dressed and went down to breakfast with the other girls. All the girls were staring at Joyce and Shelly said "it looks like someone had a good time last night". Well I'm not surprised that Shelly asked because, Joyce had a beaming appearance, you know that "I've just been fucked and it was great look". Joyce shot back "it's amazing what a good nights sleep will do for you" and she just kept right on eating her breakfast. You go girl I thought.

When we had finished breakfast we went back to our room to get ready to leave. I looked at my watch then looked at Joyce and said "we have got an hour and half before we have to go" and before I had a chance to finish Joyce was unbuttoning my blouse. I guess she knew what I was going to say.

We keep in very regular contact now via e-mail and phone and Joyce is coming up to the Gold coast next month for 4 days R&R without her kids. I think I will get Joyce to eat me out and I just might surprise her with a mouthful of my own juices. Then again I might unleash my liking for water sports and hope that she will not be offended and join in. I don't know weather I will introduce her to Jillian. I don't know if she would be ready for someone else to join in. but that's still a month away, a lot can change in a month. Ill let you know what happens.

Amanda 

I'd love to know if any other mothers out their have experienced anything similar. Please feel free to drop me a line. 