 I look at my clipboard to find the next patient on my appointments list. "Well Amelia, looks like you're the last one before lunch!" I head down the hall making my way to the waiting room. I open the door and peek out. "Amelia?" A pretty young brunette stands up, and begins to walk toward me. "You're up dear," I say with a smile, and hold the door for her. She shuffles in nervously and waits to walk behind me. Her hair is pulled half up in a little clip, and she's wearing very light make-up. Her sun-kissed skin and the tiny freckles on her cheeks and nose tells me she's spent a lot of time outside. Her body confirms it. She's wearing a long skirt, about knee length, and a tank top. She's thin but toned. My love of women had never gotten in the way of my job before, but sometimes it did make it more challenging. Today was going to be one of those challenging days. I reach out my hand and put on a casual smile, "I'm Jane."

"Nice to meet you," Amelia puts her hand inside Jane's and smiles. She sighs a silent sigh of relief at having thought to freshly shave EVERYTHING this morning. This was, after all, her first gyno appointment ever, and she wanted it to go as smoothly as possible. "God, of course it's a ridiculously beautiful woman looking at my lady-junk... couldn't have been some regular, average-looking lady doctor. Jane had short messy blonde hair. Her personality was very cool and nonchalant. It made Amelia feel much more relaxed. Jane's body was slim, but curvy. She had larger breasts, and hips than Amelia. And when she turned her back saying "Come with me," Amelia could see she had a nice round butt too. 

"Have a seat in this chair, sweetie. Just gonna take your blood pressure and ask you some questions first." Jane patted the seat of the chair before taking a seat on her rolling stool. Once Amelia sat down, Jane held out the blood pressure cuff. Amelia put her arm in it as Jane began to ask questions. 

"So you're here for birth control, right?"

Amelia blushed. She didn't know why. This was Jane's job, but it still seemed embarrassing. "Yes" She said softly. "Sorry, it's my first appointment... of this nature, and I'm a little nervous."

Jane waved her arm exaggeratedly and laughed as she undid the blood pressure cuff and pulled it off. Laughing she said "Oh honey, if you only knew how many naked women I have seen! And they're not all tens! But you're a beautiful young lady. You've got nothing to worry about!" Her smile was calming. "Are you currently sexually active?"

Amelia tried to stop it, but her freckled cheeks turned a bright pink as she giggled. "Umm... yes... I mean, that's why I'm here."

Jane smirked. "Sorry honey, I have to ask." She definitely was not sorry. Amelia was extra cute when she was embarrassed. Now to get her out of those clothes! "Alrighty, you wanna follow me to the scale over here?" She crossed the room and stood by the scale. She waited until Amelia was on the scale and still before moving the weights and asking, "When was your last period?" 

"Um, about 2 weeks ago." Amelia replied sheepishly.

"Great! Well that's enough of the uncomfortable questions. Time for the BIG uncomfortable. Are you ready?" 

Amelia gulped. Her throat was dry. "Uh, guess so!" she said with sarcastic enthusiasm. 

Jane chuckled. "Ok," She grabbed a small cup from her desk. "I'm going to give you this. I need you to go into this bathroom here and pee in this cup, at least to this line. You also get the paper vest." She laughed to herself at how ridiculous this always sounded. "It barely covers anything, rips easily, and is scratchy like paper towel. Pretty much no point, but you're welcome to wear it. "So here's your cup, and here's your vest." She handed Amelia the items and pointed to the door, wearing her warmest and most comforting smile. She secretly loved the frightened wide-eyed look Amelia gave her upon hearing the directions. She also was very excited to see this little beauty naked.

"Okay, I'll try" Amelia grimaced, as she took the cup and vest. She walked into the bathroom and closed the door. Slowly she started to undress, folding her clothes and placing them neatly on the counter by the sink. She almost thought she had sensed a little something when talking with Jane, but she wasn't sure. Interest, maybe? No... Jane had seen tons of naked girls. Amelia new she was pretty average. Why would that hottie doctor be interested in some random girl coming in for a pelvic exam? She sat down on the toilet and positioned the cup underneath her as she filled it closest to the line as she could, replaced the lid, and sat it on the counter. She finished peeing and wiped. She used her foot to flush the toilet and washed her hands, before slipping on the grossly revealing paper vest. She looked in the mirror. It was definitely ridiculous. She looked like she was wearing a cut off shirt with the arm holes dipping almost to the bottom of her rib cage. The front had nothing to attach it together, so she had to hold it. She quickly realized she would not be able to carry the pee cup, her clothes, open the door, annnd hold the vest shut. She shook away her irritation as she quickly thought of another plan.

Jane waited patiently. She smirked as Amelia slowly opened the door and a hand appeared, holding out the cup. "Thank you dear!" She said, grabbing the cup. I'm gonna run this to the lab and let you get settled." She dimmed the lights and walked out the door. 

Amelia came out of the bathroom, sat her clothes in the chair on the far wall, and walked over to the table. Her eyes got a little wide when she saw the stirrups. She felt awkward as hell. She knew she was probably blushing, and wondered why she was so nervous. At 18 she had been naked in front more than a handful of people, men and women. One more person seeing her body wasn't going to make a difference. She realized after a moment that she didn't know Jane. That's why it made it seem more scary. It also made it more exciting. She had to admit, she was pretty turned on. She had just hopped up onto the table, sitting on the edge holding her vest closed when Jane came back in. She couldn't help but admire her beauty. She was trying hard to guess if Jane could possibly be into women when Jane spoke.

"Feels silly huh?" Jane asked with an even tone. Inside her head, thoughts were endless. "By the way, you're supposed to lay down." She chuckled, gesturing to the pillow. 

"Oh yeah," Amanda said as she turned red. She swivels and layed down on her back, legs unconsciously clenched together. "Ha, and these things are pointless." Her breasts were clearly visible through the gown. Especially now since the chill of the room (and the excitement) had made her nipples hard. All of a sudden a terrible realization struck her. "What if I'm wet? What if she notices? What if I accidentally make a noise when she touches me?" Her body tensed as terrible thoughts ran through her mind. 

Jane giggled, "Yeah not much to 'em." She walked up beside the table, the end with Amelia's face. "So, this part will feel silly too. Like a boob massage from a stranger. I just need to check your breasts for lumps or any abnormalities. Let me know if you're too uncomfortable ok?" She was having a hard time focusing on something as complex as speech while staring at Amelia's now naked body. Her breasts were smaller, but not tiny. Her tan didn't have any gaps like from clothes. "She must tan naked," Jane thought. Her eyes drifted further down to the smooth skin of Amelia's pussy. She did not allow them to linger longer than just to make that connection before snapping back to reality.

Amelia nodded, looking up at her doctor as Jane pulled the right side of her vest to the side. "That's fine," she agreed. And rested her arms at her sides. 

Jane was lost in her own mind again. "Her tits are gorgeous." She thought to herself. "And her nipples are hard. I hope it's not just because it's cold in here." She raised her hands and with the first and middle finger of both hands began massaging Amelia's breasts, from the edge further out working her way toward the center. She tried to drag it out just a little, hoping it wasn't long enough to be noticed. She had mostly averted her eyes to a poster on the wall, so as not to make Amelia feel too uncomfortable. That, plus her excitement was throwing her off her game, because she accidentally drug a fingertip over Amelia's nipple. Amelia's breath caught, just barely, as Jane withdrew her fingers. "Well, that one looks great! Now the other one, and we can get straight to the good part." She said somewhat jokingly with a wink. She was quiet as she went to the other side of the table, worried that she might have just given herself away.

Amelia giggled. She was almost positive she wouldn't be barking up the wrong tree if she tried anything. Though the lights were dimmed, she was pretty sure she had seen Jane blush after that last comment. She also was almost positive that the average breast exam didn't take that long. Especially just for one boob. She acted quickly and reached up to pull the left side of her vest open before Jane got there, trying to seem cool and confident. 

Jane raised her eyebrows and smiled, "Finally comfortable are we?" she quipped. This time she lingered a little longer, allowing herself short moments to look at Amelia's face in her peripheral vision. Her eyes were closed, and her breathing seemed a little fast. Jane naughtily wondered if Amelia would be wet. The tiniest whisper of a moan floated from Amelia's lips, and Jane's pussy throbbed. "Okay, that one looks great too. On to the last part." She turned away to grab some gloves off her desk and walked to the end of the table as she put them on. Her gaze caught Amelia's and she looked into her eyes with a small smile. Feeling bold she ran a fingertip over the top of Amelia's foot. "Wanna open up for me?" 

Amelia's body quivered slightly at the touch as she relaxed her muscles and parted her legs. She sucked in a breath when the cool air hit her wet cunt. "Oh god, I'm wet." She thought. She spread her legs fully and a small smirk played over her face as her cheeks flushed.

Jane had to bite her tongue to keep from licking her lips as Amelia presented her dripping wet pussy. She could see wetness dribbling down Amelia's slit, working its way closer to her ass. Her skin looked so silky smooth. Jane wanted to make this gorgeous young woman scream in pleasure. She imagined making love to her. She imagined tasting that deliciously juicy pussy. She realized then that she had probably been gawking much too long, and blushed fiercely. "Alright babe, just gonna guide your feet into these stirrups ok? Then I want you to scoot your butt down on the table as far as you can." She gently took one of Amelia's legs by the ankle and with the other hand, ran her fingers up her calf, and steered it toward one of the stirrups. She did the same with the other leg, this time running her fingers further up Amelia's leg, almost to the back of her knee before placing that foot into the stirrup as well. She gazed for one more moment at the juicy cunt, spread wide open in front of her. She couldn't help it when a small sigh, sounding very much like a moan, slipped past her lips. "Oh the gel!" She rushed back to her desk and fumbled for a tube before realizing she was out, and bending to her bottom drawer for more. 

Amelia whimpered softly as she watched Jane bend over. The scrub pants were not forgiving, and she could tell even in the dim lighting that there was no panty line to be found. She also thought she caught the tiniest glimpse of a small wet spot in the crotch of Jane's pants. All of a sudden she could feel cum running down her ass. She was embarrassed but also so turned on. She had never before felt so exposed... So on display. She wondered what her sexy doctor might do next. Jane stood up, having found the lube, and started walking back. Amelia giggled. "I doubt you will need that..." She looked at her doctor, waiting for a response.

Jane's cunt was throbbing so hard it ached, as Amelia's words taunted her. She wanted to jam her fingers into this woman's pussy and rub her g-spot. She tried to compose herself. She smirked, almost mischievously, "Looks like I won't, huh?" She took a quiet, but deep breath. "Ok, I'm going to insert two fingers into your vagina. If you feel any pain, or if you're too uncomfortable let me know alright?" Jane positioned her fingers and slowly slid them into Amelia's soaked pussy. 

"Oooh!" Amelia moaned, as her hips bucked a little, involuntarily. Her clit throbbed as she choked out an "I'm sorry!" and closed her eyes, breathing deeply to calm herself. She looked up at Doctor Jane, purposefully clenching her pussy muscles. She studied Jane's face as her muscles tightened around the fingers inside her.

Jane slowly withdraws her fingers, but with them almost out she get a wicked idea. She can't help it. She slams them back in again! She hears another moan, louder this time. She looks up into Amelia's wanting eyes. They spoke no words but they were pleading. Jane starts moving her fingers in and out, her thumb brushing over Amelia's clit. She hears the sharp gasp as she touched it and has to stifle a moan, as she continued to work Amelia's clit with her thumb.

Amelia moans with each plunge. She finally gives in completely and starts thrusting her hips. "Ohh god yes!!" Her pussy tenses with each thrust and she feels it sucking in Jane's eager fingers. She looks up at her doctor, sitting between her open legs. She notices Jane's lips, parted. Her chest, heaving and jiggling. Nipples poking through the thin material of her scrub top. 

Jane notices Amelia's eyes on her. "Shit, Amelia!" she says. "I've never had one of my patients entice me so. You are so gorgeous. Mmmm and your tight little pussy feels sooooo goooood." she moans.

"Ohhh Jane! Don't stop!! Aaahh make me cum! This feels amazing!!"

Jane's own pussy oozes as she assaults Amelia's with her fingers. She keeps thrusting, making sure her fingers rub over the g-spot with each insertion. The fingers on her other hand rub fast circles on Amelia's clit. "Ohhh that's right Amelia! Cum for me! I want to really taste you when I lick your pretty little cunt!!"

Amelia's pussy clamps down on Jane's fingers as cum starts to trickle down Jane's fingers and hand. Amanda's back arches as she bucks her hips and her orgasm takes her. She groans, "Jaaane! I'm cumming!!"

"Oh fuck! Yes Amelia! Cum baby, cum!!" Jane's fingers keep speed for a moment and then slow as she feels Amelia's orgasm coming to an end. Amelia's body goes limp. She gasps for breath as Jane slowly pulls her fingers out. Jane licks her lips as she stares at the drenched pussy in front of her face. She moans as her head leans forward. She starts to lick, from Amelia's asshole to the top of her slit. Over and over she runs her tongue from bottom to top, gentle enough but also meant to tease and excite. She starts to pay more attention to Amelia's hard little clit, flicking over it with her tongue each time she passes it. Jane dips her tongue deeper into Amelia, tasting her sweet juices and lapping at her beautiful wet cunt. Jane's own pussy is dripping from the excitement of hearing Amelia cum, tasting her, and feeling her tight pussy wrapped around Jane's fingers. She moan's against Amelia as she licks. "You taste so fucking good!"

Amelia's hips start to rock as a second orgasm takes her. Her thighs are shaking, fingers clutching Jane's hair, holding her head in place. "Oh fuck! Yes Jane! Lick my cunt!" Amelia rides out her orgasm, keeping her eyes on Jane's mouth and tongue. She whimpers softly as her orgasm comes to a halt, and the need to please her sexy doctor takes over. "Jane, may I please have you now?" she asks, breathless.

Jane's head was spinning. She was so aroused. She wanted nothing more than to be brought to orgasm by this stunning young woman. She smiled and stood up to walk around the table. She leaned over and kissed Amelia, an urging kiss. When the kiss broke she sat Amelia up and wrapped her arms around her waist, pulling her off the table while groping her cute little ass. "I would love that," she whispered. 

Amelia shoves Jane toward the table, and starts ripping off her clothes. She throws Jane's shirt across the room, unclasps her bra and drops it to the floor. She stops to hungrily lick and suck on the gorgeous breasts, nibbling at her hard nipples. She spends a few minutes enjoying Jane's boobs, but soon the moans she was hearing turn into whimpers and pleading groans, and she knows she needs to return the most generous favor. She yanks down Jane's pants to see a clean shaven, but very wet pussy in front of her. The pants drop to the floor and she points to the table and orders for Jane to hop up there. Jane kicks off her tennis shoes and lays down on her back, looking at Amelia. Amelia smiles and swirls her finger in the air. Jane quickly rolls over, gets onto her hands and knees, and almost immediately starts moaning as Amelia starts licking her soaked pussy. She runs her tongue from Jane's clit to her ass a few times, and then moves only to Jane's asshole. She begins licking faster as Jane's moans intensify, and puts 3 fingers in Jane's pussy. 

Jane almost can't control herself. She knows she won't last long with all the previous excitement building on her anticipation. She grips the side of the table hard as she moans and trembles. "Oh god Amelia! That feels so fucking good!! Fuck me!!" She reaches between her own legs and starts rubbing her clit.

Amelia adds some pressure as she licks Jane's asshole. Her fingers feel like they're being squeezed right off inside Jane's tight pussy. She keeps fucking though, faster and harder as she feels Jane getting closer to reaching her climax.

"Fuck!! Don't stop baby! Yes!!" Jane screams. All of a sudden her orgasm peaks, and she rubs hard at her clit. Her body jerks and trembles as she rides each wave. Soon her movements slow, and finally stop.

Amelia gives Jane's ass one more long lick before removing her face and fingers from Jane's body. She plops down into the chair behind her and sighs with satisfaction as she watches Jane flop down for a few minutes to breath. 

Amelia finally got up and walked over to the table. She kissed Jane on the back of the neck and around and to the side of her face. "That was so hot," she said. "I think maybe I got too nervous to get my exam today. I will reschedule and be back in soon." She started collecting her clothes and putting them back on as Jane turned her head, smiling, to look at her. 

"That's a plan babe!" Jane grinned, and started getting dressed. She then crossed the room and grabbed Amelia around the waist, kissing her passionately. "You just may be the best patient I've ever had." She teased jokingly.

Amelia laughed and returned the kiss. "I should hope so. See you in a few days, Doctor Jane." And turned to walk out the door.