 I hate shopping for myself, I always have and always will! The most hated thing for myself is bra shopping... I have very large breasts and can never find one to fit properly.

I was in the dressing room at A store trying on a sports bra when I heard her voice. I started cursing under my breath and started to shake and got a little wet.

It was Raquel, the ex I never really got over completely.

I gave up on the bra and wanted to escape without being noticed by her.

I stood there ear to the door until I didn't hear her anymore, I opened the door a little and peeked out. Nothing. Coast was clear.

I opened the door fully and I hit someone with the door as they were coming out of there dressing room.

'Oh my I am so sor...' I shut the door to look at the person whom I just assaulted. 

It was Raquel!

'Hey! If you wanted to get my attention you could of said hi you know haha' she said as she laughed while holding her arm that I hit.

I froze. All this stuff built up inside of me. I hated her, I loved her, I wanted to fuck her, I wanted to love her, mostly I wanted to punish her.

'Oh yeah sorry. I guess I could of right' I shrugged and started to walk away.

'Hey wait! What's the rush? Since your here, could you help me pick out an outfit? You know what suits me' she asked with those sexy eyes staring at me. How could I say no?

'Sure' I walked back toward her with a not so happy face.

Raquel was dragging me around to every area. I was thinking to myself what the hell was I doing? She broke up with me and I'm being her little bitch right now.

'I'm done, I'm sorry I thought I could help but I can't I have to go' I was about to give her all the clothes I was holding then she touched my arm and looked into my eyes and said 'but you haven't seen anything on me yet' I knew that look she was giving me! It was her sexy impish grin. 

Raquel grabbed my hand and lead me to the dressing rooms.

'What?' I was confused, I didn't know what was going on but I followed.

She stepped into the dressing room and took some clothes with her leaving me outside the door contemplating leaving.

'Ok ready, come in and check this outfit out!' 

'Oh go in? Ok' I wasn't sure about this.

I got into the room and before I could say anything, she put her hand over my mouth and shut the door. She was naked!

'I've been noticing you checking me out, and I see the look in your eyes. You want me. You want me bad don't you?' 

I couldn't say anything, I just nodded my head yes.

She took her hand off my mouth and brought her mouth to mine and gave me a gentle kiss then backed away.

Fucking tease! You're not getting away with just a little kiss. 

I brought my hand up behind her neck and pulled her into me. Our mouths smashed together, lips wet, tongues massaging and moving with desire. 

I pushed her up against the wall and grabbed her ass while she let out a little moan.

I pressed my body weight against you and stopped kissing abruptly. 

I slid my hand from your ass, up your side, running over your breast and to your neck,

I tightened my grip and your eyes started to widen in fear. 

I leaned into your ear and whispered 'Don't worry, I won't hurt you too much.' Then bit your neck and sucked to mark you. You moaned and grabbed the back of my head and pushed me harder into you.

I loosened my grip on your neck and Slid my hand down your chest ran my thumb gently over your nipple you let out a little sigh.

Your mouth found my mouth again, our tongues intertwining. You were kissing me with hunger, and with desire.

My hand made it to your pussy, you are so fucking wet! I inserted one finger inside you and you pulled me closer moaned in my mouth and bit my lip. 

I broke our kiss and took my finger out of you, brought it up to my mouth and licked it clean! Fuck you taste so good, as good as I remember.

'Fuck that's hot!' You said 'I need to cum now' You reached for my hand and put it down to your pussy and started rubbing and grinding on my hand, closing your eyes you looked absolutely beautiful fucking my hand.

'I'm going to fuck you and make you cum'

I took my hand to your mouth and let you lick my fingers clean. I kissed down your neck with some biting, I got to your nipple and bit hard.

You let out a big moan as I sucked and licked your nipple between my teeth.

I lowered myself to your pussy, moving my hands to your breasts and massaged them. 

Finally I've reach the area I wanted to be at. I licked you, bit your clit and you grabbed my hair with both hands shoving my head into you harder.

I tongue fucked you as your juices dripped down my mouth. I left your nipple and thrust one fingering you, then two fingers.

I could feel your cunt tightening like you were about to explode.

I licked your clit in a circular motion, your grinding my face and my fingers like you were about to cum.

I stopped. Took my finger out of you and stood up and licked my hand clean.

You opened your eyes in disbelief.

'What the fuck? I was about to cum!' You sounded so disappointed, it was great.

'Shut up Raquel, and bend over' I said as I undid my belt. You looked at me weird. 'Do it now! Bend over!' I demanded and you obeyed.

'You know Raquel, you haven't been behaving very nice to me at all since we split up.' I was behind you starring at the precious view of your pussy and ass. Your pussy was very swollen and glistening.

You looked back at me, unsure of what I was going to do.

I took my belt and rubbed it gently over your right ass cheek, I lifted it up and hit you lightly. You whimpered. I repeated this until I was satisfied with the redness of your ass... I could tell you were enjoying it, by the sight of your juices running down your thigh.

I took the belt and lightly rubbed it over the left side of your ass cheek, You closed your eyes, put your head down and moaned and said 'Harder, please, Harder!'

I grinned, brought the belt up and smacked it hard on you. The sound was almost piercing. The more I hit you the more you moaned until you begged me to stop.

I grabbed a fist full of your hair and pushed you forwards, raised my hand up and slapped you right over your pussy and ass. I rubbed the area I hit while you moaned and squirmed in pleasure. 

I rubbed around your ass and pussy, you were still very wet. I inserted 2 fingers into your cunt and fucked you hard and fast still while holding a fist full of your hair pulling it. 

You reached around and grab me as you were moaning and grinding against my hand trying to stabilize yourself.

'Don't...stop...please... fuck me...fuck me!' You were now smashing your pussy onto my fingers harder and faster. 

'Cum for me. Cum for me now Raquel and that's an order!' I pulled your hair hard back towards me more and whispered it your ear. That tipped you over the edge.

'Nuuuaaaaahhhhhh... fffuuuucccckkkk!! Immm cummmmming...' you lost your breath after the last few thrusts and went limp.

Once you were stable you sat on the bench as I licked my fingers clean. I knelt down between your legs and licked your pussy from bottom to top. Fuck you taste so good! I want you to cum on my face but I know you are very sensitive right now.

I stood up, grabbed you by the neck and pushed you back, 'I'm coming over later, be ready' kissed your lips then left the dressing room.

Completely oblivious to where I was, when I stepped out there was a few people standing around with big smiles on their faces. 

Shit, I think they heard us.

To be continued...