 It was a rainy spring day and as much as I hated shopping I couldn't put it off any longer. Upon first entering the department store I passed a cute brunette trailed by two little girls. It was obvious that the shorter of the two wasn't happy to be there. She reminded me of myself at that age. I smirked and went to find the items I needed. While standing in the checkout line I could see the brunette searching the crowded aisles. It looked like only one of the little girls was with her. The shorter of the two girls was nowhere in sight.

"Zoe! Zoe! Where are you?"

When I heard her shouting for the little girl I decided to leave my place in line and offer my help.

"What happened?" I asked walking up to the distraught woman.

"We were picking out for clothes for Angie and when I looked around Zoe wasn't there," she said hurriedly.

"Where were you when you last knew Zoe was with you?"

"Over there. By the girls jean sets," she said pointing to clothes racks near one of the walls.

"My sister is going to kill me," she cried following me to the children's clothing section.

I looked back but didn't ask her about her comment. There were quite a few people in the children's clothing area due to the clearance sale. I kept bumping into shoppers or shopping carts and reminded myself never to step into another store on a Saturday again. If Zoe was anything like me she probably looked for a quiet space to crawl into to get away from everyone. At least I hoped she did. Every clothes rack I passed, I pushed the clothes aside and looked at the ground near the base of the rack. The closer we got to the jean sets, the more I worried that she wasn't here. My heart rate was increasing rapidly as I checked more and more places without finding Zoe. I pushed a number of clothes to the side of the largest rack, and I saw the little girl curled up against the center pole, asleep. I had not realized how tense my body was until I felt the relief at seeing the little girl. I looked toward the brunette who was trapped between shoppers and motioned with my hand for her to join me. When she reached me, I pointed to the floor.

"Zoe!"

The little girl opened her sleepy eyes, startled.

"Can we go now?" she asked oblivious to the havoc she had caused.

The brunette held out her arms to her, tears of relief running down her cheeks. She held the girl, looking uncertain about what to do next.

"How about we go to the food court and get an early lunch?" I offered.

She merely nodded and stood up, holding both girls' hands. We headed out of the store toward the food court. The walk was done in silence except for Zoe and Angie pointing out items in the stores we passed and calling out their colors. 

"What would you like to eat?" I asked when we reached the food court.

"Whatever you're having."

"And the girls?"

The brunette looked at the girls and then back at me.

"I don't know. They're my sister's girls. I convinced her to let me take them shopping. It's my first time out alone with them," she said.

"It's okay. Don't worry. I'll get some slices of pizza and fries. All kids like pizza," I said and winked at her.

"Thank you," the brunette said quietly when I came back with the food.

"You're welcome. I'm Chris by the way."

"I'm Cassie," she said with a smile. "How did you know?"

"How did I know what?"

"Where to look for Zoe."

"Oh. I didn't. I just hoped she was like me," I said sheepishly, "When I was young, I really hated going shopping, any kind of shopping. I would get bored and tired of following my mom around the store, especially when she would stop at every rack to look at clothes. And of course there were always so many people there, bumping into me because they were never looking down. So I would crawl under the clothes hanging from the clothes rack to get away from everything."

"What did your mother do?"

"The first couple of times she freaked out. Fortunately I had not fallen asleep so when she would call for me I would crawl out of my hiding place. She caught on quickly to where I would go hiding after those incidents. A couple of times I fell asleep and couldn't find her. I walked around crying until someone took me to the Customer Service area. Then they would page my mom to come get me. Once I got older, she would just ask a cashier to page me instead of looking for me herself."

"Really?" Cassie asked incredulously.

I merely nodded in response and took a bite out of my sub.

"How old were you the last time she had you paged?"

I finished chewing and took a sip of my soda.

"Seventeen. The look on the cashier's face was priceless. She must have been expecting someone much younger," I said laughingly.

She laughed with me. She had a beautiful soft laugh.

"I should probably take them home before I screw up some more."

"You didn't do anything wrong."

"A good aunt wouldn't have lost Zoe."

"Come on. You don't believe that?"

She shrugged her shoulders. It was no longer raining but it was still overcast as I walked her and the girls out to her car.

"Will you let me buy you dinner tonight as a thank you?" Cassie asked after buckling the girls into the car.

"You don't have to buy, but I'd like to have dinner with you," I answered.

We arranged the time and place and exchanged phone numbers just in case. I watched her drive off and decided I had enough shopping for one day.

