 Preamble.

Hi, and thank you for choosing my story. I hope you will enjoy it. 

If you do, please be kind enough to give a score at the end. This helps me to gauge the popularity of my work. - If I may - I usually like to suggest, one star each for: 

Composition & Use of Vocabulary, Readability, Plot, Drama or Humour,  and of course Sexual Content (because -- isn't that why we are all here?), but please feel free to use your own criteria if you prefer.

Also, if you would like to know a little about my personal background, please read my Brief History. 

******************

Tags: Lesbian Romance, Lesbian Seduction, Lesbian Sex, Lesbian First Time. 

******************

Words: 10,880

******************

Please consider the preamble for Part 1 as an integral part of this episode. Also, as with most of my work, there is a lot of background and character building in the early stages. For this reason, some aspects of this part will be better understood by reading episodes in sequence.

This Part finds Julie teaching Katie more tennis technique, and a few other things besides. 

******************

Title: Game Set & Match - Part 3: The Following Saturday. 

I arrived very early for my regular game with Lynne, not that I intended to play of course. I just wanted to tell her that I wasn't able to play today because I was injured. 'At least I have a legit reason not to play her', I thought. 

There were signs of activity all around, but no-one in the clubhouse apart from Sarah again. 

I asked if she had Julie's phone number, saying, "I need to get in touch with her. She was doing some coaching with me but I'm not sure what the arrangements are for our next session." 

"I'm really sorry Katie. I do have a number for her, but I'm not permitted to give it out. You'll have to ask her for it." 

"But I can't ask her if I don't know how to contact her," I reasoned. 

"I know... it's difficult isn't it. I could pass on a message to Julie for you if you like," she offered. 

"There's no need to do that," Julie's voice interrupted. 

I turned to see her standing in the doorway, her usual welcoming smile conspicuous by its absence. We looked uneasily at each other. "How's the ankle?" she asked me. 

"Seems fine," I replied, lifting it forward and rotating my foot to show the free movement. "A bit stiff, but I'm sure it will be OK." 

Neither of us said anything for a few moments. "Look... I need to sort some papers out for a couple of minutes," Sarah began, breaking the uneasy silence. "Would you excuse me for a moment?" 

She trotted off to her office and closed the door, leaving us alone in the clubhouse to talk in relative privacy. 

"I just wanted..." I began, at exactly the same time that Julie said, "Look, I'm so..." We both stopped and laughed. 

"You first," she said. There was that adorable smile again. It inspired me. 

"I just wanted to say I was sorry for being so foolish on Wednesday. You've been so kind and you've helped me so much. I shouldn't have run off the way I did." 

"That's OK," she smiled, "but it's really me who should apologise. I was being forward and it was wrong of me. I shouldn't have come on to you like that. I'm truly sorry. It won't happen again... I promise." 

"No it isn't OK. I was being a silly little girl... What with everything else that had happened..." I paused. Julie knew exactly what I meant; the guy who had insisted on carrying me back to the clubhouse and feeling me up on the way, the wicked innuendo from both Sarah and Daphne had only escalated the impact in my impressionable mind, and Julie's own sweet but at the time unnerving flirty touching. "I just think I was a bit scared by it all," I went on. "The least I could have done was to give you a hug or a kiss for everything you've done for me." 

"I didn't want it as payment, she smiled." I could see a soft, unmistakable loving look in her eyes. "I hoped you'd do it because you wanted to." There was a brief silence until she added, "I can't help it. I just find you... attractive." She looked away for a second, clearly embarrassed, then went on, "I just felt... Well... anyway, I know it was wrong, and I won't let it happen again. I'd really like to carry on with our coaching if you'll let me," she smiled. "We were doing so well and it would be such a pity to waste your obvious talent over my being rash." 

"I'd love that," I beamed. I felt the tears welling up once again, but this time for an entirely different reason. 

"Come on then. Let's see if we can get a court," she added happily. She knocked on the office door. "Sarah? Is there a court free at the moment?" she asked, opening the door a crack. 

Sarah came out with a concerned look on her face. "Is everything alright then?" she asked. 

"Yes," we both chorused together. "We just had to sort out a little... misunderstanding," Julie told her. 

Sarah gave Julie a knowing smile and went back to her desk to begin leafing through the diary. "Well... all of the main courts are booked from 1pm... that's about ten minutes, but... looks like you can use the first practice court for an hour. Is that any good? 

"Perfect. Thanks," she said brightly to Sarah. "Come on sweetie. Let's get started shall we?" 

I nodded my agreement and we headed for the door out to the courts. "Lucky bitch," I heard Sarah whisper behind me as I stepped out, but I pretended not to hear. 

"Wait!" Julie said, stopping suddenly, just a few steps from the clubhouse. "What did you tell Lynne?" 

"I haven't told her anything yet. I was waiting to see how my ankle would be." 

"And how is it?" she asked, pointedly, seemingly prompting me for a negative answer. 

"Well, it's OK," I replied with a reserved doubt in my tone, "but I wouldn't want to push it too far... just in case." 

"Perfect," she smiled. "Then that's what we'll tell her." 

"Until this happened, I was all set to just tell her the truth... that someone had offered to coach me for a few weeks, so I wouldn't be available to be her sparring partner anymore." Julie looked at me agog. "Don't worry. I wouldn't have put it quite like that..." I laughed, "but I can't lie to her." 

"Well, either way she's going to be pissed," Julie said softly. 

"Can't help that," I told her. "If she'd taken half the trouble that you're taking with me, we probably wouldn't be here now." 

"I know," she smiled. "Remind me to thank her for that," she said, sliding her arm around my shoulders, and we both laughed. 

We set off down the path, past the main courts where three pairs of women were slogging it out in the midday sun. One woman looked up from the far side of her court and waved to Julie, who politely waved back. It wasn't an 'arm in the air' wave; more of a 'half raised hand and fingers wiggling' sort of wave. The woman was biting her lip, wide eyed as she smiled at us. 

"Is that Daphne?" I asked. 

"That's right. She was my regular doubles partner," Julie told me. 

"Oh..." I said, thoughtfully, adding, "Wasn't she the one who I saw sitting you with last Saturday? In the clubhouse?" 

"That's right," she said, a peculiar, curious look in her eye. 

We walked on in silence for a minute, until she stopped me. "Oh! One thing I forgot to say," she began, looking serious. 

"What?" 

"No turning your ankle on the way back this time," she laughed. 

"I'll see what I can do," I told her, a determined expression on my face. 

As we reached the practice court I dropped my bag on the bench. "I brought your towel back," I began, "and... one of my own..." I added, with a sheepish look, "and... a change of clothes this time," I told her as I turned to look up and smile. 

Her eyes lit up as she smiled back down at me. "That's good to hear," she said softly. Those intoxicating hazel eyes were sparkling as she added, "maybe I should get you really sweaty today then." I just smiled, coyly. 

"You know your friend Daphne?" I began. 

"Hmmm?" she replied. 

"Well... I know it's a personal sort of thing to say, but... well... she looks a bit... bandy legged." 

"She is a bit," Julie laughed; not unkindly, just a sort of 'girly' giggle. 

"Sorry... I wasn't making fun." 

"It's OK," she smiled. "She gets it from spending too long in her favourite position," she sniggered. 

"How do you mean?" I asked, as I began unpacking the balls. 

Julie sat herself on the bench, parted her knees wide, displaying those delectable long creamy thighs, topped with a pair of brief frilly panties just hiding her pussy, and she threw back her head, closing her eyes and opening her mouth wide and jerking her hips as she emitted the most realistic "Uhhh... Uhhh... Uhhh," sounds. 

I covered my mouth and gasped, staring at her with wide shocked eyes, looking thoroughly aghast. 

"Sorry. Did I embarrass you?" she smiled. 

I just burst out laughing. 

She sat there like that for what felt like a long time, although in reality it was probably only a few seconds. She seemed to be gauging my response, while I in turn couldn't tear my eyes from the crotch of her pretty frilly panties. As she slowly brought her knees together, turning to sit quite demurely now, I looked up to see her smiling, apparently pleased that I would find her display mesmerising. 

"What is it?" she asked. 

"What is what?" 

"You seem puzzled by something." 

"I've been trying for a week to figure where I know you from," I admitted. I could hardly tell her it was her panties that had really been the main focus of my attention. "I'm wondering where I could have seen you before?" 

"Here? Last week?" she joked. 

"No, silly," I laughed. "Before that. When I first saw you in the clubhouse last week, I thought I knew you from somewhere." 

"Well, I told you I worked at the local pharmacy, didn't I." 

"That's it!" I exclaimed. "No you didn't. You said you worked in a shop. Of course! That's where I know you from," I said. "You work in the pharmacy department at Waldens Chemist don't you." 

"That's right," she said, "but how did you know? I'm never on the counter." 

"I've seen you in the office a few times when I've been to fetch my mum's medication," I told her, "but it's not surprising I didn't recognise you. You usually wear glasses don't you?" 

"Oh, those big dark rimmed things? Yes... I only wear them for work..." she paused, "to ward off an unwanted suitor in the office," she laughed. 

"I think they make you look scholarly," I said, smiling. 

"I use contacts for tennis... and when I go out... but I don't like to wear them all the time, I don't think they're good for your eyes... and I don't wear anything in bed," she added with a laugh. 

This time there was no doubt in my mind about the innuendo. She just sat and we looked at each other, a little uneasily, until Julie broke the silence again. "Is there anything you'd like to go over again before we start something new?" she asked, neatly avoiding any further embarrassment for either of us. 

"Would you show me that service return action again please?" I asked. 

"You mean like this?" she said, moving behind me and reaching around to take my arms. 

"Yes. That's it," I said softly, turning my face up toward her. 

She smiled sweetly as she guided my hands to grip the racquet with both hands. "Have we looked at a double handed action?" she asked me. 

"No. I don't think so." 

"Let's try that," she suggested. "Some players find it uncomfortable, but it can help you to control the ball if your wrists aren't all that strong." 

"You mean because I'm weak?" I laughed. 

"No sweetie," she said softly, "because you're so cute and petite," and she smiled kindly as she gently stroked my face with her open hand. 

She seemed to hesitate, then quickly added, "It might help, particularly with your backhand. Your wrists are so small," she said as she stroked the back of my hand with her fingertips, deep in thought. She smiled again. "Let's try shall we?" 

"OK." 

She gripped my hands over the racquet handle and guided my arms to sweep around to the left and scoop up an imaginary ball with a slow, wide anti-clockwise motion, her face right behind my head. 

"Yes. That's it, but I think it's the forehand that needs more work," I said, feeling not completely sure about what I was getting myself into. 

"Hmmm... OK," she replied, looking at me curiously. She swung my hands away to the right and guided me through the motion again, this time sweeping the racquet around in a clockwise, scooping action. "There. Was that it?" she asked. 

"That was better..." I told her, "but it's not quite how we did it last time," I mused. 

"I'm sure it was," she countered, sweeping my arms around a couple more times. 

"No. It was different," I insisted. 

"In what way?" 

"You did something with my ear last time that really helped put me at ease," I told her, turning to look up at her again, this time my mouth slightly open as I gazed into those beautiful hazel eyes. 

She stepped back. "What's wrong?" I asked, genuinely puzzled. 

"I... I..." she faltered. "I'm sorry Katie, but I wasn't properly in control of myself then. I shouldn't have done that," she said looking away, clearly embarrassed. 

"Why not?" I asked softly, thoroughly confused. 

"I'm sorry Katie, but..." she paused, uncertainly, "I'm sorry but, you're too young for that. I should never have done it." 

"Too young for you, you mean?" I challenged her in a surly tone. I felt rejected. 

"No Katie. Just too young... full stop." 

"How old do you think I am then?" I asked, adding, before she could answer, "There can't be more than four or five years between us at most." 

She almost laughed. "How old do you think I am?" she asked. 

I looked at her, clearly confused. "About twenty two, maybe twenty three," I said thoughtfully. 

"Hmmm..." she responded, smiling. "Well... thanks for the compliment... but, I left school when I was sixteen. That was ten years ago," she told me. 

"Oh my goodness!" I exclaimed. "But you took so much younger. How do you manage it?" I asked. 

"I don't know," she replied. "It's just the way I am." She seemed flattered. 

"Why?" I asked. "How old do you imagine I am then?" I asked her. 

"Well..." she looked me up and down. "I'm guessing you're fresh out of school. Probably fifteen, sixteen maybe?" 

I smiled. "Most people think that," I told her. "You looked up my score records. I'm surprised you didn't look up my membership records too," I added with a smirk. 

"What do you mean?" she began, quickly adding, "Anyway I only wanted to see your performance. I wasn't prying... and besides, membership records are confidential," she pointed out. 

"Oh. Of course," I conceded. 

"So? What is it then?" she asked again, curiously. 

"I left school at sixteen... same as you," I told her. "That was three years ago. I'm two years into my university course now," I told her. 

There was a sudden change in her expression as the puzzled look was replaced by a broad smile; that beautiful inviting smile that had first captivated me just seven days before. 

"Must be the pigtails," she teased me, smirking. 

"So..." I said, smiling as I paused to let her take in all that I was suggesting. 

"So?" she asked. 

"So... could you show me again please?" I asked. 

"Show you what?"

"The service return?"

She smiled, lovingly this time as her arms resumed their previous hold around me, but this time they seemed to hug me more closely, pulling my body back toward hers and squeezing me between her upper arms. Her left thigh pressed up against my bottom; exciting me as she swung my arms around to the right and her lips closed softly on the back of my ear as before, but this time a little more firmly. "Yes. Ooohh yes. That's what I meant," I whispered as I turned my face toward hers. This time she didn't pull back. 

My lips met hers, touching so very gently, her arms around me as I became putty in her hands. If she had thrown me to the floor just then and fallen on me in a fit of passion, I would have let her, but it was a fleeting kiss, so soft and gentle, not even a kiss at all really; just a passing brush of the lips and it was over. 

"Why did you stop?" I asked, my voice little more than a whisper. 

"We can't do this out here sweetie," she told me. "Anyone could be watching. They have video recording too, for security." 

"I don't care." 

"You do like playing tennis, do you?" she asked. She was still smiling but it was a pointed question. 

"Of course." 

"And... you like being a member of this club?"

"Yes, of course. Why?"

"So do I. If we want to stay members, we can't do this here," she smiled. 

"Ohhh..." I said, suddenly realising that the sort of thing we might be about to engage in would be severely frowned upon. It was only then that it occurred to me, if there was any chance at all that I might end up in the showers for the first time, perhaps I wasn't quite as personally fresh as I might like to be? I had showered that morning, of course, but that was simply ages ago. I'd never been with a woman before; nor with anyone for that matter, but if I was really going to do this, and if things got - well - intimate - I wouldn't want her thinking I was unclean; a dirty unwashed little girl. 

I decided I needed to go and freshen up, so at least I wouldn't be worrying about something as embarrassing as that. 

"Julie?" 

"Yes sweetie?"

"Would you excuse me for a few minutes? I think I need the loo." 

"Of course sweetie," she told me. "I'll make some notes on what I want to cover today, so we don't miss anything... important," she added thoughtfully. 

I dropped my racquet next to my bag and ran off to the clubhouse, disappearing into the ladies as soon as I got there. Thankfully there was no-one around and I locked myself in the bathroom to set about the task of washing myself as deep as I dare (having first removed my knickers of course), and taking the greatest of care not to damage anything in the process. 

It would have been a good five minutes later when I finally emerged, confident that at least if anything were to happen now, I would be as clean as could be expected. It hadn't occurred to me that if I was going to have a shower, I could have done that then. 

Before going back out, I decided to have a quick peek in the shower room. I'd never even seen inside there before. While being shown around when I had first joined, I was told that it was in use and I simply hadn't thought any more about it. I was checking out the facilities when it occurred to me there were only two cubicles. 'How odd?' I thought. On Wednesday, when I had been running cold water on my ankle, I felt sure there were three women coming out of the showers. 'Yes. That was right. There was Sarah and Daphne, and another woman, Daphne's partner, and they all had towels around them'. I shrugged and thought no more about it as I turned to head back to the practice court and Julie. 

As I arrived, I could see Lynne from the back. She was having a conversation with Julie and it seemed to be a little heated. 

"But... You've taken my partner!" I heard Lynne complain, quite loudly, and quite frankly a little whiny. 

"But you weren't doing anything with her," came the calm, soft tone of Julie's reply. 

"What's that supposed to mean?" Lynne retorted, her voice lifting almost a complete octave in pitch. 

"You've done nothing for her," Julie explained, sounding quite calm and reasonable. "In the six months you two have been playing together you haven't helped her to improve her game in the slightest. You haven't given her any advice at all." 

"How do you know?"

"I just do," Julie smiled, seemingly amused by Lynne's irritation. 
