 Sam was on her back as he drove his large cock deep inside of her. As a 27 year old agent, she had developed a reputation for busting management's balls and getting mega deals for her client athletes, and Dave Williams was no exception. Earlier in the day, she had secured a 5 year 80 million dollar deal for the starting pitcher with the Yankees. Now they were securing the deal as he pounded into her body.

Samantha, or Sam as she was known around the locker rooms had always felt an attraction for the female body and scent, but she found sex with women was just too tame and too easy, and she needed a bit of a challenge and liked her sex a bit on the rough side. She was a bit on the stocky and muscular side at 5'5" and 165 pounds but her beautiful face and sexual skills never left her wanting for a partner.

As Dave kept thrusting, she felt him slowing, and knew it was time to take matters into her own hand. She wrapped her thick legs around his 6'3" 240 pound muscular frame and grabbed his shoulders to twist and bulldog him off her and toss him to his back. She was able to keep his thick cock inside of her and without missing a beat, began to ride him hard and fast, slamming her hot pussy into his balls.

It amazed Sam that a prime male athlete in perfect shape could be so totally "taken" and she had yet to find a man who could come close to match her sexual prowess. She was hoping for at least one orgasm from Dave, but as she pounded him savagely and bit into his chest and neck, she knew she was going to have a bad case of female "blue balls" and would have to service herself later.

The spunk and fight had disappeared from Dave, disappointing Sam, so she continued to pummel him with her pussy as he lay rigid defensively beneath her as she played the role of the aggressor. Dave tried to meet her animal thrusts, but was no match for her as she rode him like a woman possessed, and sank her teeth into his neck, nearly drawing blood.

All Dave could do was lay helpless under her attack and let the uncontrollable passion build. He had long ago lost all control to this beautiful sturdy woman, and began to writhe and moan as her pussy continued to milk him. Hearing him beg and moan had removed the challenge and excitement for Sam, so she decided to finish him off, sucking roughly on his neck as she thrust faster, causing him to tense every muscle in his body, and thrust up into her exploding in a huge orgasm crying out in ecstasy.

As his cock began to soften, Sam figured that the fun and games were over for the night. God, she longed for that feeling of total ecstasy with a partner, but if the crème de la crème athletes of the male species couldn't match her sexually and provide that missing fire, she was not likely to find it with mere mortal men.

Sam accepted the accolades from Dave of how great the sex was, kissed him goodbye and sent him on his way before getting herself off with her vibrator and turning in. Tomorrow was going to be a busy day as she checked out a new 18 year old tennis phenom playing Maria Sharapova in the finals at the US Open.

Sam arrived at Ashe stadium well before the final got underway. Maria Sharapova was a known quantity hawking everything from perfume, to cameras to tennis balls. Her young teen opponent, Jamie Summers however, had come out of nowhere to make the finals, and the fact that she wasn't yet represented by an agent made Sam salivate.

Sharapova entered the court first, followed by the 18 year old high schooler. Samantha knew that all eyes were probably on the statuesque Sharapova with her model's face and body, but when she caught a glimpse of Jamie, she couldn't contain an audible gasp. Unlike Sharapova's long lean lines, Jamie was more compact and full bodied. Samantha estimated that she was probably 5'7" and 170 pounds. The 170 pounds was incredibly placed as Sam took in the full breasts, thick calves and thighs and full round buttocks.

Jamie was wearing a one piece outfit with the top molded to her breasts like a sports bra, with thin material encircling her neck and leaving her large tanned arms bare. When Jamie raised her arm to take practice serves, Sam noticed tufts of brown hair in her armpits, and had to smile to herself.

"Hmmm. Spunky little lady has a mind of her own and a rebellious streak in her. No slave to female fashion for this girl" 

What was it about this young teen that caused her stomach to do flip flops? She had never felt this sexual urge or excitement over anyone, especially a woman, who seemed to exhibit a strong dose of being a tomboy, mixed with the development of full-bodied voluptuous woman.

The National Anthem was followed by a Blue Angels flyover, and then the match was on. If the young teen felt any butterflies, they were not in evidence as she went up an early break on Sharapova, then held her serve for the rest of the set to go up 6-4, winning the first set.

Sharapova called on all her experience and was able to come back and win the second set in a hard fought tie-breaker. The third set was equally impressive and the 23,000 fans were going ballistic, letting both players know how grateful they were at the high quality of tennis. The match had gone nearly three hours as the 3rd set tie-break ended, with Sharapova hitting a blistering passing shot to take the championship.

Sam couldn't remove her eyes from the sweat drenched top of the young beauty as she could plainly see the nipples protruding from the material. The sweating gleam of her body only added to the feeling of unexplainable lust that Samantha was feeling. She knew that she would have to talk with this young teen. Ideally, she would die for a chance to hold this strong young woman in her arms, but if she couldn't have that, she would love the chance to represent her as her agent.

Sam waited for the awards ceremony, a lame interview with Bud Collins, and for Jamie to shower and change. She finally saw the young beauty exit the women's locker room and stepped up to introduce herself.

"Excuse me Ms. Summers. I wanted to tell you what a great match you played."

"Thank you. Would you like me to sign your program?"

Sam smiled and reached into her pocket for a business card. "No, I was just wondering if I could have a bit of your time, to discuss possibly represent you in your career."

Jamie took the card and studied it.

"Samantha (Sam) Justice. Well well well. You're legend precedes you. Ball-busting agent to the stars so they say. My High School coach told me that if I ever went Pro, I should look you up. I never dreamed Ms Ball-buster could be so attractive though."

Sam felt her heart skip a beat and her face grow crimsoned as the young woman surveyed her body from head to toe. She had always been the one to be in control of every situation, so how could this confident young teen be making her feel like a nervous school girl?

Samantha took a deep breath and tried to return to business to regain her composure. "I'm staying at the Waldorf Historia on Park Avenue. If you don't have plans with your family, I would love to discuss possibly representing you over dinner. The Bull and Bear restaurant in the hotel is known for their cuisine, and I imagine you worked up a bit of an appetite out on court."

"That sounds good. You wouldn't mind if I sent my family on their way and got a ride with you would you?"

"Not at all. I have the black Beamer parked over there."

"Okay, give me five minutes and I will be right with you."

Samantha watched her full round buttocks in the blue shorts and sandals move provocatively towards her awaiting parents. What was she doing? A 27 year old lusting after an 18 year old high school student? She new it was wrong, but felt powerless to stop herself from trying. 

They arrived at the opulent Bull and Bear and were seated in the back to assure privacy. Once they had ordered, Jamie stated, "I think you should know Sam that if you should represent me, there will probably be headaches and hassles."

Samantha took a sip of her water and said, "How so?"

"I'm a lesbian, and don't plan to hide it. That will make a big challenge to find companies willing to sponsor me, and will also make dealing with the media more of a challenge."

The admission by this young beauty that she liked women made Sam's center tingle.

"Well, I wouldn't worry too much about that. I have always been one who likes a challenge."

Jamie smiled and slowly moved forward and put her right elbow on the table.

"What's this?"

"A challenge. Just wanted to see if my new agent could hang with me in a test of strength. Up to it?"

Sam snickered and moved forward, clasping Jamie's hand. "I may be a bit of a desk jockey, but I'm going to kick your Amazonian ass."

Jamie returned her laugh, then both young women became serious as Sam signaled "Go." Both strong women gave it all they had as the veins in their necks, forearms and biceps stood out against the strain. Just when one warrior gained an inch or two advantage, the other would bring them back to even. Both faces showed the strain after ten minutes, with neither woman willing to give an inch.

When the waiter arrived with their steaks, Samantha in a winded voice said, "Willing to continue this after dinner?"

Equally winded, Jamie said "Sounds like a plan to me," and they broke their hold, moved back in their chairs and shook out the pain and stiffness from their arms.

"You surprised me Sam. I thought you would be all brains, but you've got some brawn."

"Told you I liked a challenge."

"That you did." After a lengthy silence, Jamie added, "I know this is a little bold, but have you ever had another woman challenge you?"

''What... you mean in sports?"

"No, I was thinking more along the lines of in the bedroom."

Samantha nearly choked on her water, shocked at the bluntness of the young woman.

"Actually I have only been with two other women, and neither of them had much of a backbone to challenge me in any way."

Jamie got a smug confident look on her face and moved forward to whisper, "I guarantee I could rock your world until you were ready to pass out, and beg me to stop."

Sam thought to herself, this young woman is incredible, and she was dying to know if she could deliver half of what she promised. "Be careful what you wish for Ms Summers, because you may have just met your match."

"God, I can only hope so."

They both laughed, and then seriously studied each other.

"I must say that I find you very attractive Jamie, and if the 9 year age difference between us isn't too great, I would love for you to join me in my room after dinner for more arm wrestling, and see if you have met your sexual match. How's that for bold?"

"I must say, I love your boldness Sam. I have to warn you though that I can go five sets without breaking a sweat, and no woman has come close to dominating on the court...or between the sheets."

Samantha moved her bare foot up and into Jamie's crotch, causing her to gasp. "Something wrong Jamie?"

Jamie gathered her bearings as best she could and savored the feeling Sam's toes were having on her pussy. "God that feels good. Okay okay. Enough. Break point to you, but the night is young."

With a satisfied smile, Samantha remove her foot, and they ate the rest of their dinner in peace, occasionally taunting the other with wanton sexual displays of licking their lips or eating their steak, vegetables and fruit a little too provocatively. Both were in a heightened state of sexual arousal as the check arrived and Sam put it on her card.

Both young women exited the restaurant and moved to the glistening elevators in the lobby. Samantha looked to Jamie and said "Always time to back out."

Jamie slowly moved behind Sam and whispered into her hear with her warm breath, "I intend to show you moves you have only encountered in your wildest fantasies." Sam felt chills of pleasure course through her body, but she couldn't allow this young woman to have the upper hand.

They entered the elevator and went to room 1014. Jamie rummaged around for the magnetic key and opened the door to the spacious suite.

Jamie was first to enter, and as Sam closed the door, turned on her and took a surprised Samantha into her strong young arms, capturing her lips with her own. Jamie's hands ran up and down Sam's back as her tongue explored the moist cavern of her mouth. Never had Samantha been kissed with such wanton passion and lust, and she was left breathless upon breaking the kiss.

In a broken, cracking voice, she said, "Not bad. Caught me a little off guard." 

Trying to recapture the initiative, she moved towards the younger woman began to undo the buttons of her shirt as she initiated another probing kiss. Both women's clothing ended up as puddles at their feet, and Sam nearly shrieked as Jamie bent and picked up her naked body in her arms. 

"Damn, you're a strong little hussy aren't you?"

She returned to kissing the young woman as she carried her into the bedroom and set her down beside the king sized bed. Sam caressed the firm round buttocks of the teen as her other hand grasped and explored the voluptuous breasts. She gently guided the young woman to lie on her back, and bent over to take of one of the brown stiffening nipples into her mouth, producing a moan of pleasure from Jamie.

Samantha moved from one breast to the other while stroking her torso and navel with her index finger. Slowly she moved up and down her thighs and moved her head to the bronze curls of her pussy, when Jamie shocked her by capturing her head in a leg scissors, her nose and lips, just inches from her moist opening.

It was as if her head was caught in a powerful vice, totally restricting her movement. Jamie then grabbed Sam's left leg and quickly forced it to the side of her. Sam found herself totally immobile with her legs open and widely spread, as she straddled the young strong woman.

She felt Jamie's fingers gently stroke her thighs and end at the entrance to her pussy, teasing the opening, then felt the young woman's warm breath and moist tongue probing her sensitive slit. As Jamie entered her further, and sucked on the hardened bud of her clitoris, Sam's body began to shake and she was losing control by the second.

The competitive instinct began to kick in, and Sam slowly moved her fingers to Jamie's fur covered opening and slowly moved it up and down the slit and ran gentle circles around her bud. Jamie's grip on Sam's head loosened to the point where she could escape, and Sam was quick to let her mouth attack the moist love canal while she inserted a finger at the opening of Jamie's buttocks.

Slowly she made gentle circles around the puckered bud of Jamie's anus as she devoured the exotic juices of her pussy. Jamie was simultaneously attacking Sam's ass and probing her pussy, causing Sam to climax and cum in a huge gusher. Jamie drank every drop, but didn't have long to savor it, because Sam doubled her attack, causing Jamie to cry out in an orgasm of her own.

Both young women were totally out of control, grabbing each others nipples, biting open warm flesh, slapping bare buttocks with their open hands. Both lovers were caught up between a contest of war and lust, each hoping to dominate the other, while unable to keep the orgasms from washing over them inflicted by their worthy opponent. Neither woman had ever come close to finding a partner equal to themselves sexually, and both wanted to conquer the other sexually.

Sweat glistened from both of their voluptuous bodies as the scent of sex and moans of pleasure filled the air.

Side by side they lay facing each other with their heads in the crotch of the other, probing, teasing, biting and tormenting, demanding surrender. Neither would submit the in the war of erotic sexual wrestling for supremacy.

Each woman had experienced three orgasms as the tongues continued to probe and control, and the fingers probed their anal openings. After the fifth orgasm, both women were slowing and gasping for air. In an unspoken truce, both mouths slowed and fingers gently eased from each others' openings. Neither woman thought it was ever possible, but both had finally met their sexual match.

Almost simultaneously both beautiful women fell to their backs and placed their forearms over their forehead as they gasped to regain their breath, and Sam was first to speak.

"That was incredible."

"I couldn't agree more. I just can't figure out if I won or lost the challenge."

Well, if you think you can come up with an excuse for your parents, I would love for you to stay the weekend, and we can go a few more rounds.

Jamie turned her body around to kiss Sam on the lips, and said "Give me that phone."

As Jaime dialed the number to her parents, Sam moved toward the bathroom to pee, and said, "Well, Jamie, I can't guarantee you a boatload of endorsements, but something tells me that this is going to be one interesting relationship."