 Special thanks to Livi for the translation. Without her my grammar would be awful. 

********************************

The creaking sound of the coupé's door pulled me back to reality as if I was broken out from under the burst-opened water surface to suck the fresh air into my lungs. I instinctively glanced away from the countryside that rushed by the window to look at the arriving passenger.

She stood in front of me, glancing inside the coupé with a smile on her face. She watched my solitude and the surrounding empty seats with an inquiring face.

"Hello," she said. "May I sit here?"

As if I was broken out from under the burst-opened water surface to suck the fresh air into my lungs again... Damn it! My lungs felt like they were pressed together by two strong hands to make breathless. I couldn't catch my tongue so I only nodded, making her grin grow wider as she glanced at me. She closed the door behind her and took her place on the seat in front of me. My heart was racing. I wandered if she heard it because I felt the hammering sound of it deafening to my ears.

We sat silently face to face to each other. Her dim-blue eyes were seemingly staring into nothing while her jaw was making a soft chewing motion as she chewed her bubble gum. I acted like I was back to my original activity and was looking out of the window to watch the countryside that passed by, but I couldn't take my eyes off of her and from the corner of them I was constantly staring her.

That wasn't the first time I saw her. However, we knew each other only at least half an hour ago, but I already felt like I had always wanted her in my eternal life.

But let's start it at the beginning! Not like to the weeks and days that passed lately, the weather was a little dusky when I went to the train station on that Saturday forenoon. I didn't care about the lack of sunshine at all. This made spring more bearable, however, it was pretty typical that the weather turned bad when I had time to relax. It was sheer luck that it wasn't raining. Right then when I had the chance to have a pleasant weekend with Zoli.

We'd seen each other a long tome ago. He was my so-called boyfriend, however our relationship was a bit more difficult than that. We knew each other from of old. Tough he was a little reserved, protesting and shy... with his words 'conservative', this might was the reason that I loved him. Our relationship built up slowly and after a while we reached a level where, though we suspected pretty well that we wasn't meant to be together, we decided to spend some nice weeks, months, years together. However much is given. Sex was even more elevating and passionate with him after all, than with those who we had jumped on each other burning with the fever of first meeting.

Well, yes, you could call him my boyfriend but our relationship wasn't like the ones written in fairy tales. We weren't walking hand in hand in the park in our free time, nor ensconcing into a safe place from the rain to dally. We didn't go out as often as we could have gone to somewhere to eat in order to look blindly in the other's eyes. I won't go on. Shortly, we had never been the so-called 'Dream-Couple'. Especially not recently. He was soon to be freed from University and he spent his last semester working on his dissertation. However, to be able to concentrate to the Great Work as he called his little essay, he needed silence and peace. I can understand this. Though, I'm not bounded to any deadline with my imminent short stories, that might be liked by my readers or not, I can hardly stand the constant chattering and loitering around me either. And this is even truer at the case of a dissertation, because it means more stress, so it's not a joyride and you never have the urgency of paying attention to the happenings around you. So Zoli referring to this issue put his residence to his family's holiday home in the countryside in a little village that was in the middle of nothing.

From this it was really a rare occasion when we could do more than talking on the phone. He went up to Budapest only on weekdays to meet with his tutor or to leave the library with a pile of books, while I was rotting in the University. And when I had time on the weekend, he as the library was closed and so was the University, dig himself into his Work deeper than a mole digs itself into his hole.

This made our relationship, which was far from ordinary even more loose. Don't get me wrong, we loved each other, and we could hardly wait that few occasion when we spent a night together once or twice a month. But Zoli didn't expect me either to cling on him as if we were married. He knew well about my lust for women and however, ha wasn't a lady killer or the adventurer who finds himself as part of a threesome or four- or five-, he encouraged me without a sight of malice that if I lusted after a girl I should make a move. He was aware of our "relationship" with Erik and of the kind of it and he had no problem with it, which is an issue I would not dare to hope from the most of the guys. However, opposite to the girls with who he wasn't a competition (but of course he could give me things girls could never be able to give to me), the fact that I was seeking for pleasures at other guys as well, made him a little envious. But he got on perfectly well with Erik despite of their different personalities, and he knew that what is between us had never went over the line of friendship. And of course, knowing that Erik is such a good for nothing person, it never would. About the other guys he exactly knew that they meant nothing but a little affair and if I had the chance I would turn my back of any of them just to run into his arms. And this was perfectly all right with him.

And now he decided that he would abandon the work he left for the weekend, and called me to visit him for the two days at the ranch where we could rest and make little trips... roll about in the grass, and I was more than delighted when I made my way to the train station.

I just bought my ticket at the pay-desk thanking the old woman that served me, when I turned to lay my first glance on her.

She grabbed my attention immediately. However I only saw her for a few seconds as I went by her, this was enough time to check her out preciously. She was shorter than me with a little, mid-high, she had a slender and extremely shapely body. Her lines, that would have been a sin to hide anyway, were highlighted even more by a pair of light blue-grayish fretted jeans. On her upper body tensed a black tight leather jacket that lasted just a little upper than her waist. She had vivid blonde hair that she wore in a pony tail, so her form wasn't broken by any hair that would had been let down. She was simply beautiful. As I passed by her our eyes met for a second. That was the first time when I saw that mischievous smile. I didn't know then that wasn't the last time. I smiled back at her and she vanished away from the sight of my eyes at the next moment when I went by her.

It would be an overstatement that I forgot her in the next moment because a beauty like her always made a great impression in me. However I can't say that I thought of seducing and having her somehow, because these short "adventures" last for only a minute or two by their nature. It's unnecessary to speculate on it later. I enjoyed her sight for a few moments but that's all. If I would be thinking about it for hours it wouldn't make any good for me either. Especially not with raging silently about not making a move while I had the chance.

So she was out of my thoughts in the next moment. I only pulled myself up to the train and went for finding an empty coupé to take place on one of its seats and when I did I rested my chin in my palm as I stared out of the window. I didn't change this posture after the train started to move. The next fifteen or thirty minutes, I have a good sense of time but not occasions like this, so it left me and I stared out of the window deep in my thoughts. Actually I haven't thought of any thing worth mentioning. Not a thing that can be described by words. I was just staring blankly, not even realizing the landscape rushing by until I finally heard the creaking sound of the door that pulled me back to reality as if I was broken out from under the burst-opened water surface whether to suck the fresh air into my lungs or not. And I was glancing at the blonde girl in jeans and in leather jacket whom I met with at the train station at the pay-desk and I faced with that same smile again.

"Hello," she said in a kind and informal voice. "May I sit here?"

My brain was so numb from thinking of nothing, that the presence of this girl took me by such a surprise that I couldn't form a word. (An acquaintance of mine who's a medical student says the scientific name of this phenomena is called mindfuck.) I only nodded dumbly which made her give me an even wider smile as she closed the creaking door behind her and took her seat in front of me, next to the window.

I tried to be as natural as I could. As if she wasn't even here. As if I forgot her whole presence here by letting her know that it was okay to me if she would sit in the coupé. I acted like I was staring blankly out of the window again, but from the corner of my eyes I couldn't stop watching her. Her slender figure as she took her place and as she crossed her long legs. I simply couldn't take my eyes off of her. I became more unguarded as I thought that her dim-blue eyes were just staring blankly at nothing. She sat still for a while. Only her jaw made little movements because of the bubble gum that she was chewing. But suddenly those blue eyes looked directly at me, which made my wildly thudding heart jump.

"What is it?" she asked in a little munching voice continually chewing the colorful bubble gum. I couldn't figure out whether her voice was angry or hurt. It was completely expressionless.

"Nothing." My mouth went dry and now I really glanced out of the window as if I had been doing that already since.

"I saw you were looking at me." Her voice was still toneless. Not malice, not disdainful or disgusted she just simply let me know the fact.

"I...," I stuttered. I know that I speak too much, sometimes more than much. But things like this can easily drive me into a corner. I can't catch my tongue, just the way I was stammering now.

I looked into her blue eyes, in which I didn't find any disgust or reject, only clear curiosity. So I decided that hit or miss, I'd better say it.

"You're just simply beautiful." Jesus! If she wouldn't realize by this, what I meant that she would never by anything. And I had no idea how would she react. These are situations that I always prefer to avoid.

And she didn't storm out of her seat in horror of what I meant to leave me here while she gave me despising looks. On the contrary.

"Thanks," she gave me a coquettish smile. "You are a really nice girl as well."

Her eyes glittered strangely.

"Come on," I grinned. "Not nicer than you."

I could hardly believe that I said it out loud. I'm more careful that this. However, in her case I instinctively had an intuition of something, because she couldn't react better. She laughed delightfully.

"You're complimenting."

I couldn't answer, I only gave her a flirtish smile.

And then the train bumped a bit. Maybe a rock or something was under the wheels, or two part of the rail parted a little from each other. Hell knows, but this made our situation even better. Though sooner or later I'm sure something else would have happened if there hadn't been that bump, because she used this little jerk to raise from her seat and landing in my lap.

"Sorry," she laughed.

I laughed back. I didn't say anything about my observation. I had no reason to. For I was glad that this beautiful girl fell in my lap and I could feel the warmth of her body on mine. I looked at the length of her body and enjoyed the sight of her wonderful legs.

She realized this as well.

"You like them?"

I shuddered and looked into her eyes, but she was still smiling and her eyes were still sparkling with the same flirtish light.

"Very much," I said in a choking voice and glanced at her legs again. Maybe I was just reading into her little movements in my lap as she wrapped one arm around my neck into making me enjoy the sight of these body parts in their whole length.

"You're free to touch them," she surprised me again. Like if she was reading in my thoughts or she could feel even the tiniest vibrations in my body. For example the shivering of my hand as I wanted to extend it towards her but didn't dare. Finally, obeying to her words I did extend my hand and stroked her leg where her tensed skin was hidden under her jeans.

"They're beautiful," I said as I stroked one of her legs as my hand wandered on her thighs, from her waists to her knee where were the lines of her fretted jeans that made her legs look like as if they were the legs of a gazelle's. I don't know what came over me, I possibly regained my self-confidence and despite of my awe that I had felt till then, I started to talk.

"You know, they say that the reason for men love when a woman's wearing high heels is because to be able to wear these shoes you have to tense your muscles in your leg. And this makes them seem thinner and longer, which awakes the hunter in them. Like if they were cheetahs that watch their prey. The difference is that men want to eat women in another way."

"Cheetahs? Why not lions?"

I looked into her blue eyes again and my wandering hand stopped for a moment on her thigh.

"In the case of lions, the hunters are the lionesses."

"That's even better," she smiled coquettishly again.

"So men should rather be compared to cheetahs," I continued the latter idea because I wasn't sure what she meant by her last sentence.

"But you aren't a man," she laughed silently. "Rather a lioness."

I didn't answer, I only smiled at her carefully.

"However, I'm not wearing any high heels now." Her smile disappeared for a moment and she watched her leg thoughtfully, which she extended in its full length now to see her foot, on which she wore white training shoes. Maybe I only went crazy because of the closeness of her, but it was like she did this only for my glance.

"It doesn't matter," I said and my hand, which was resting on her thigh stroked the lower parts of it as well. "Your legs are beautiful this way too. And these scratches... they are like if they were... lines on a gazelle's leg," I smiled at her. "Or because of some sort of optical illusion, who knows, I'm not good on this topic, but they make them look even longer."

"Thanks," she smiled at me again.

"By the way," I stroked her leg again, touching the upper part of her shoe with the peak of my fingers.

"I like training shoes better than the high heeled ones. Not only because they're more comfortable to wear but I like them on the other girls too."

"Why?" She asked inquiringly.

"It's not important," I offered my excuses. "I know I speak too much. I don't want to bore you with my nonsense."

I didn't know why I had said this. Maybe because I like guiding, I like to keep things in my hands. And this girl seemed to play with me like a cat does with a mouse. I didn't know what could be her goal. Was that really true what I was thinking of? But she calmed me with a flirtish smile again.

"It is. I'm really interested."

I couldn't resist smiling at her back, and I glanced at her legs again and went on.

"You know something can be seductive in two ways. Be it an object, a painting or a place or a human." At this last word I looked into her eyes again, which seemed like there were little flames in there, sparkling as they did before as well. I turned back and stared at her tensing leg under my hand again, and went on. "The first one is when something is big, imposing, robust and sharp edged with an aura that beams power. Like high, rocky mountains, or like seemingly endless icy and rough glaciers, or enormous forests with trees that touch the sky... and like a good man." I smiled.

"And the other?" she urged me, exploiting that I had stopped for a moment.

"The other," I gave her a smile, "is something that is soft. It hasn't got any sharp edges. It's nothing but rounded forms and mellowness." I raised my hand for a moment to stroke her cheek, which fitted to my latter description pretty well. However, shying at my own courage, my hand found its way back to her thigh, and I continued talking so she didn't have the chance to bring it on. "It's real beauty, which is usually goes with a smaller size. Like a real pearl, or a necklace, a casket, or a little creek that has small, rounded stones on its bottom, or a small pet, or a woman," I smiled at her again, which made her grin grow wider. "I don't know why, wearing training shoes highlights this even more than wearing high heels... I'm not a foot-fetishist," I added fast. "On the contrary. But the right costume with training shoes... in a case of a girl as pretty as you are, they reflect how feminine this can be."

"Thanks," she said for the umpteenth time, and for my greatest surprise she leaned closer to me to give me a peck. My head turned instinctively to her direction but hers to my direction as well, and the next moment our lips met in a hot kiss.

Now she raised her hand and touched my face, while she was busy with sticking her lips on mine and touching my teeth with her tongue. After a moment of eternity she pulled her head back and looked into my eyes only from a really small distance.

"It's really delicious." I knew now what kind of sparkling I'd seen in her eyes. The sparkling of desire.

"Then go on!" I said and I leaned on her face.

The kiss encouraged me and my hand moved inwards her thigh. I opened her jeans and slipped my hand under it. It didn't surprise me that her panties were wet all over, just as mine was from every single touch of her. Through the thin textile I stroked her throbbing pussy, which made her moaning softly in the embrace of my kiss. However, I didn't let it go and I was sure she wouldn't want me to. As I felt her pussylips opening more heavily, I put my hand in her panties and after a little stroking I drove my index finger into her.

She pushed her head back and moaned softly from joy. At first my finger moved slowly in and out of her and I gradually made the movement faster. The pumping of her pussy grew faster just as the pace of her moans. Soon the time became right for sliding another finger inside her. My fingers didn't have to work too much after this. With a suppressed scream her pussy tensed around them. For a moment I was afraid that someone could hear us, but when she looked at me with delightful and sparkling eyes again after her orgasm, it calmed me that if she didn't care about that I didn't have to either.

"This was fantastic," she said and kissed me again. "You're such a kind and clever girl. Moreover, you're fingering like no other girl I know. I don't even understand why you were so shy."

"You know," I started again for some reason with the same word I start every little monologue of mine, but this remains my curse, "I rather like guiding. You might not realize it sometimes, or on the contrary, at most times... only you found me in this miserable situation, but I'm pretty shy. Call me a coward, if you like but I can't stand rejection. Others reveal their purpose immediately, and make a move with referring to that they do not accept any negative answer. I'm not steady enough for the latter one, and I would not dare to do it anyway, and I don't have the courage to the former one. I couldn't bear if the girl I desire looked disgusted at me."

'I understand you," she caressed my cheek.

"That's why I like to appear confident. I do tactic, I flirt with the girl carefully and ferret out what kind of answer I can get from her. I only reveal my purpose when I'm sure that I have a chance with her, and in the worst case I only can get a kind 'You're a nice girl, but I have a boyfriend/girlfriend, I'm sorry.' or 'I'm sorry, you're a nice girl and I'm sure that the one who you choose is a lucky one, but I'm into men.' kind of answer.
