 Her name is Jessa and we have been friends for nearly a year now. The school year is ending and we are looking for a place to live this summer. She is strikingly beautiful and completely comfortable about her body. She is 5 foot 4 with long dark hair and shining brown eyes. Her frame is small yet muscular and her breasts are firm and full with a slight upturn at the nipple. I feel very unattractive next to her but she swears that I am as sexy as I tell her she is. I am 5 foot 2 with long curly hair, green eyes, and a large frame packed with muscles. I have a C cup chest with large nipples and hers are a diminutive B cup, or at least next to mine, they seem diminutive. I have had good friends that were women before but I have never felt the attraction to them that I feel to her. 

I began to feel the attraction the night we went dancing and she was aggravated at her recent breakup. She felt hurt by men and so she wanted to hurt them in return. She decided that the way to do that was to pretend to be a lesbian with me and make them physically hurt from desire and lust as they were forced to watch us dance. The next three hours were a few of the most wonderful. I had no desire to do sexual things with her… or at least not yet. I just wanted to hold her forever, gently caress her body and smell her and feel her lips pressed gently against mine. I have never danced with a woman like that before. She would put her hands in the back pocket of my low-rise jeans and pull me close to her, hands slowly moving up my body and getting lost in my long curls as she pulled my head back to nibble on my neck and gently kiss my cleavage. 

I would place her neck in the crook of one elbow as the other hand trailed up and down her back, feeling the flowing muscles and finally resting on the part right before her ripe butt met her back. There was a particular moment in the night when we were dancing in a cage above the dance floor and the music stopped so we stopped as well. She looked square in my eyes and I returned the gaze. Our breath was heavy as we just held each other, eyes locked, her hands cupping my face and mine resting upon her hips. When we left the club, we both went back to my house to sit in the hot tub for a relaxing soak. It was very peaceful and sensual; we stroked each other's legs as we talked about the events of the evening and began to see each other in a whole new way. 

We fell asleep in each other's arms and I awoke to the feel of her hand on my stomach and her head resting upon my chest, ear pressed so that she undoubtedly heard my heartbeat. When we awoke that morning, we both acted as though we had not felt the things we had felt the other night. In essence, we ignored the attraction between us. 

As the days progressed, we felt the attraction growing stronger and stronger until one-day things burst and we could no longer deny the way we felt. As the college girls we are we went out with a few of our friends to relax and have a few beers. There were two guys, Jessa, myself, and a girl named Jenny. Well we started playing drinking games and a question that came up was "have you ever had a fantasy about anyone in this room?" Well, she and I had and we looked at each other lustfully from that point on. Somehow, the topic of lesbians came up and one of the guys said he had never seen girls kiss before so before I could say anything she was on me, hungrily kissing every part of my face and neck until I could no longer stand it. I grabbed her face and pulled her lips to mine, gently at first then more passionately as we realized that we were enjoying this….a lot. We kept kissing as the guys watched until we had gone far enough. Jessa was in nothing but her bra and thong and I had lost my shirt. We decided that it was time to excuse ourselves; we said we were tired, though knowing looks passed through the group as we made our way back to her car.

Once back at her house we had coffee to sober up and both showered to clear our minds. Well, after she got out of the shower she dropped the towel, revealing the most magnificent body I had ever seen, for I was looking at her in a completely new way. She walked over to me and undid the tie on my robe until she was looking at me, drinking in the sight of me, as I nearly fainted at her forwardness. She gently cupped my face and so began the most glorious night of my life. We kissed as though we had been doing it all our lives and this was the last time we would get to do it. She was gentle as she caressed my and held me close to her. I kept my hand on the small of her back, afraid that if I moved she would evaporate into nothing and the dream would be over. 

Jessa knew my abusive past and knew that all had to be slow and gentle or I would freak out. We broke the kiss and she said, 

"Genevieve, I want to be your lover. I love you and will never hurt you. I want to show you what sex is supposed to be like."

"Will this be weird in the morning, or will we be a couple?"

"We will be whatever you want us to be dearest"

"I love you Jessa, the day I met you I knew I loved you. I have dreamt about this for so long, I….."

My words were cut off as she bent down and kissed my chest, right between my breasts. She then slowly wrapped her fingers in my hair and pulled my head back as she pushed on my chest, causing me to lie down on her bed. She trailed her tongue down my throat until she found one nipple, then the other and blew on them, causing them to tighten. She tenderly stroked my breasts as she teased my nipples with her tongue until I was arching my back to meet her tongue. She kissed me firmly on the mouth and nibbled down my body until her face was between my things. I froze; no one had ever been in this position with me before. She told me to relax, I did, slowly at first, and then I realized that I was in love with the woman and I trusted her completely. 

She ran her long tongue down the length of the slit and then pulled apart the lips with her fingers and took her first long taste. By this point I was beyond comprehension, I just let my mind go and my body feel things it had never felt before. I played with my own nipples without even realizing I was doing it. She was nibbling and sucking on my clit and slowly she inserted a finger in me. As she licked, nibbled, and sucked my clit her fingers explored my tight opening. She inserted one full finger and then two as she suddenly locked her mouth around my clit and sucked while her tongue whipped my clit. My body rocked and my hips bucked as she attacked my protruding little clit and fingered me until I felt as though my whole body was on fire and I felt my stomach begin to contract. The next few moments are blank as the orgasm that overcame me was so powerful that I lost consciousness. She was drinking all the juices when I opened my eyes. I pulled her up to my face and kissed her longingly and slowly, savoring the flavor of me mixed with the flavor of my Jessa. Her smell was in the air as her hair fell around our faces, shielding us from everything but each other. 

We kissed as I recovered, and when I felt my strength return I wanted to make her feel the things I had just felt. She stopped me however and said, "tonight was for you dear, though I have no doubt that you will return the favor later. Now you need to get some sleep, something tells me tomorrow will be tiring." This last bit was said with a little grin that screamed mischief. I could not believe it, I had just made love to a woman, one whom I truly loved and she loved me back. I turned over onto my stomach; she was lying on her side facing me, propped up on one elbow. She ran her hands up and down my back, stopping to trail her fingers over the many scars that decorate it. 

I put my head in the little cave made by her chest, face, and felt safer and more loved than I had ever felt in my life. I tried to outlast her but I knew that sleep would come swiftly to me. It did, and I fell asleep with the sound of her voice singing sweetly.