 Bethany leaned against the granite facade of the bank, sucking furiously on a cigarette, while Jennie queued impatiently at the ATM. Bethany's left leg was crooked and raised up so the sole of her foot was pressed against the wall next to her right thigh and her knee stuck out straight into the street. 

Her raised bare left thigh lifted her extremely short work skirt so that a little flash of her pink knickers was just peeping out. The black bra over her expansive chest was clearly visible under her right white blouse. She flashed defiant stares at anyone who glanced her way while she waited for her friend.

Finally, it was Jennie's turn at the cashpoint. Bethany feigned disinterest as Jennie fumbled with the piece of plastic, clumsily stuffing it into the machine, but she kept glancing over, more excited then she cared to show.

"Fuck me, it's there," Jennie breathed. 

"Let me see," Bethany flicked aside the cigarette and moved up behind Jennie, pushing up against her and peering over her shoulder.

"Fuck." Bethany's tone was low with disbelief.

Both girls stared at the screen displaying Jennie's balance: £10,023.38.

When they'd checked it yesterday it had only been £23.38. People in the queue behind them were starting to jostle impatiently but both girls were utterly oblivious, just staring at the magic numbers on the screen.

As scratchcard wins went, it wasn't all that but it was more money than either girl had ever seen before and an excellent return on a bit of loose change left over from money Jennie had got for her nineteenth birthday.

"What you going to do with it Jennie?" Bethany was the first to speak.

Jennie looked over her shoulder and deep into her friend's hazel eyes, emphasising each word, "Fuck off work, go shopping."

Bethany gigled with excitement and gave her hands a little clap.

Jennie tried to take £1,000 out of the ATM but it limited her to £200, so they had to queue up again inside the bank. Jennie took out a cool grand on top of the cash she'd already taken from the ATM.

Without even discussing anything she passed Bethany ten fifty pound notes as soon as the teller passed the money to her. Bethany took the money as a right, folded the notes in half and, undoing another button on her white blouse, stuffed them under her bra.

The two girls hit the shops hard, buying shoes and bags, little tops, lingerie, ear rings and make up. Neither of them were quite confident enough, or perhaps simply not imaginative enough, with their new found wealth to go for much in terms of quality rather than quantity but Bethany felt daring and special handing over £180 in cash for a fitted leather jacket.

Reckless, almost breathless, spending soon saw both girls burning through their notes with indecent haste. Another trip to the bank and another wad of notes stuffed into bra straps left the two girls giddy, wild and excited, struggling under the weight of the shopping bags they were carting about.

As they stepped out of the bank for the second time, Jennie nudged Bethany and pointed over towards a tall guy in a tracksuit with short spiky hair, slouching away from them. 

"It's Johnny. Go and see if he's got anything," she hissed at Bethany. Bethany looked up at her friend and smiled. She dropped her shopping bags and trotted down the street after the lad, breasts lightly bouncing as she moved.

Bethany caught up with Johnny and Jennie watched as the two of them had a brief conversation. The lad seemed dismissive at first until Bethany showed him some money. He looked round furtively and the two of them disappeared down a side alley.

Jennie kept her eyes fixed on the last point she'd seen Bethany but very soon afterwards Bethany reappeared, her eyes shining, and skipped up towards Jennie. The boy had disappeared but Jennie didn't care about him.

"Get it?" she asked. Bethany nodded and Jennie giggled a bit.

"What now? Back to mine? My mum's out for a few hours."

Bethany shook her head, "Let's go to the Grand, get a room, get roomservice."

Jennie giggled again but before she could say anything Bethany had hailed a passing cab. The two girls bundled inside and were whizzing off to the Grand.

The lady at reception looked at them sceptically and, for a moment, Bethany thought she was going to refuse to accommodate them. In the end she did nothing more than insist on cash upfront, which wasn't a problem, and processed the transaction smoothly enough. She passed the girls a keycard and gave her spiel about breakfast, which they didn't intend to stick around for. 

After they had closed the door of their room behind them, Jennie dropped her bags to the floor and threw herself on the bed. She had changed out of her work clothes in one of the fitting room shops and was instead wearing an almost indecently short denim skirt. She rolled over on her back, kicking her long, graceful legs in the air. Bethany smiled as she got a flash of white knickers as Jennie's legs scissored in the air.

Bethany tottered around the bed in new heels and tight, fitted black trousers. She picked up the phone and ordered a bottle of champagne on room service. Jennie rolled over onto her tummy, looking adoringly and almost enviously at her friend's self assurance and command of the situation. It never occurred to her to be annoyed she was spending her money, they were best friends, they shared everything.

"Have you got the stuff?" Jennie asked, acquiver with anticipation.

Bethany nodded, "Let's wait for the drinks, it'll be better."

Jennie didn't want to wait but she could see the sense in what Bethany was saying.

"I'm going to try some stuff on."

Jennie sprang off the bed, light and lithe, scooped up her bags and popped into the bathroom but didn't close the door.

Bethany sat on the bed, waiting for room service, idling watching Jennie through the half open door. Jennie moved in and out of Bethany's line of sight as she removed her clothes. She quickly peeled off her white t shirt and denim skirt, so she was standing in just her underwear.

Jennie had her back to Bethany and more than half her body was obscured by the door but Bethany was reminded, in an almost wistful way, how hot Jennie's body was. She was tall, blonde and toned. The material of her white knickers clung to her firm, round bottom, her crack poking out the top. She had a tiny waist and a really well defined line running up the curve of her spine to her shapely shoulders with the blonde hair falling over it.

As she had her back to Bethany she couldn't see her chest, even as she watched Jennie undo her bra strap, but knew that her tits weren't as big as Bethany's own. Bethany was the curvy, voluptuous one, Jennie was tall and slim. 

Bethany watched Jennie wriggle out of her pants so she was completely naked now. As Jennie bent over to rummage through a bag, Bethany got a tiny glimpse of the blonde fuzz of her bush between her slightly parted legs. Bethany started to feel a little flush.

There was a knock at the outside door and Jennie squeaked and slammed the bathroom door shut. Bethany went to see who it was and was pleased to see room service with the champagne. He eyed Bethany suspiciously, much like the lady on the front desk, but he just wheeled the drinks in on a trolley and left.

Jennie put her head round the door, "Are they gone?" she asked.

Bethany nodded and the rest of Jennie's body followed her out from behind the door. 

She was wearing peach coloured panties and a matching bra, a cream, silk dressing gown, open at the front but nothing else.

"What do you think?" she asked Bethany.

Bethany was glad to have an excuse to stare. She'd never seen her friend look so beautiful or so hot. She'd seen her in her underwear many times of course but the lingerie she was currently in was much nicer than her usual black lacey numbers. It was pretty and girly rather than slutty but that just made it more sexy.

Jennie's breasts weren't really big enough to give her much of a cleavage but they were nice and pointy and the cups of the bra really brought that out.

"You look hot," was all Bethany could find to say. She pushed herself off the bed and poured two glasses of champagne, passing one to Jennie, who sipped it uncertainly. Bethany also reached into a pocket of her new leather jacket and brought out a folded piece of cardboard. She opened it out and poured the white powder out onto the glass topped desk at the foot of the bed in a neat, little heap.

"Bethany," Jennie sounded shocked, "I thought you were just going to get some weed."

"I did," Bethany got out a credit card and started to chop the powder into neat little lines, "I got some coke too." Bethany rolled up a fifty pound note and held it out to Jennie, "You don't want to try it?"

"Sure I do," said Jennie taking the note from her friend and walking over to the table. Bethany leaned back as Jennie bent from the waist, bank note held up to her nose, and leaned low over the desk. Jennie's dressing gown was a skimpy affair and rode up over the top of her thighs, revealing her peach clad bottom as she bent over.

Jennie took a single, clean snort of the powder and stood up suddenly. She somehow managed to make it look both elegant and kind of cute.

"Oh, that tickles," she said, rubbing her noise and glugging on her champagne.

Bethany took the note off Jennie and had her go. The unaccustomed rush of powder up her nostril was less unpleasant then she had expected, although there was a lingering, chemical taste at the back of her throat as the drug dripped down inside her.

She looked at Jennie, "You feel anything?"

"I think so, I'm not sure, yeah I think I can, I think I'd better have another go."

As Jennie took another snort, Bethany drank her champagne and turned the TV on, finding a music station and turning it up. She looked up at Jennie and she caught her gaze, her eyes shining and excited

Bethany had another go and the two girls were soon both dancing around the room, feeling giddy and excited. 

Jennie reached into a bag and threw some red, lacy lingerie at Bethany. "Try it on," she said.

Bethany looked at her friend and slipped out of her leather jacket. She had a white, low cut, tight vest top on underneath, showing plenty of cleavage.

Still looking at Jennie, she peeled the top off, so that her large, round breasts were clearly visible under her black bra. She reached round behind her, tits thrust out, to undo her bra strap. She knew Jennie was watching her and, although the two had got changed round each other many times before, this felt different, almost like she was stripping for Jennie. It must have been the drugs because she didn't care, in fact she liked it.

Bethany let go of her bra and let her large, firm tits bounce about on her chest as they recoiled from the release of the bra strap. Bethany stood up facing Jennie, kicked off her heels and wriggled out of her trousers so she was down to nothing more than her bright pink knickers.

Jennie lay on the bed in her peach lingerie, propped up on a couple of pillows, watching Bethany get undressed. Bethany could feel Jennie watching her looking at body, in a way she never had before. Bethany was suprised to find she liked it but felt suddenly, momentarily, self - conscious, despite the chemical snap across her synapses.

Bethany turned her back to Jennie, to snort another line off the table, with her bottom stuck up towards her friend, her cheap pink knickers riding up her crack, breasts hanging down. She felt much bolder as the drugs rushed through her system.

"Hey, give me some of that."

Bethany grinned at her friend's request. She scooped some coke between her thumb and forefinger and spread it in a fat line on the back of her hand. She walked round the bed towards Jennie and held up her hand to Jennie. Jennie was sat in the middle of the large double bed so Bethany had to kneel up on the side and lean in, her boobs swinging down as she did, almost touching Jennie's arm.

Jennie looked up at Bethany with a look Bethany hadn't seen before, but in a way that excited and enflamed her. Bethany thought Jennie might be about to kiss her, put her soft, wet lips to hers in a tender, passionate coming together, wet tongues slipping over each other.

She didn't though, she just took Bethany's hand and snorted hard, consuming every last morsel of cocaine but making Bethany feel electric as she felt her friend's nostrils flare against her skin.

"Now, let me see you in that silk," Jennie commanded.

Bethany felt utterly compelled to obey. She walked back to the end of the bed and, looking Jennie full in the face, slid her knickers over her wide hips and onto the floor, completely naked, the dark fuzz of her bush fully exposed to Jennie.

Jennie didn't take her eyes off Bethany, just gently sipped her champagne. Bethany didn't even know if Jennie was conscious of it, but Jennie's other hand had found its way between her legs and was just very gently rubbing the crotch of her peach panties. 

Bethany picked up the red, silky lingerie, just a little too tight for her, and squeezed herself into it. She looked at herself in the mirror, ignoring but alway aware of her friend lightly rubbing herself on the fat side of the room. She looked good, half way between classy and slutty, tits practically popping out of her bra.

She turned to Jennie, "How do I look?"

Jennie shrugged, noncommittal, "You looked better with naked."

Bethany just laughed, swigged her champagne and did another line. She was starting to feel really fucked now but good with it, not like getting wasted on cheap cider at all.

"Give me some of that," Bethany wasn't sure if she meant the coke or her.

Bethany looked over at her friend, "Do you want me like this?"

Jennie shook her head, "Nah, take them off," Jennie's fingers had now slipped under the peach material of her panties.

Bethany did as she was bid and stripped for her friend a second time, all self-consciousness gone, seemingly unfazed by Jennie watching and 

touching herself as she watched. She undressed slowly, swaying her hips and arse as she did.

There was still a little pile of cocaine on the table but Bethany picked up the more than half empty wrap instead and carried it, now completely naked, over to Jennie. She clambered onto the bed and shuffled over on her knees until she was kneeling alongside Jennie.

Bethany leaned back so that the top of her large breasts formed an almost level platform and poured a fat slug of coke over them.

Jennie watched her eagerly, almost springing upright and put her face down on Bethany's tits, snorting hard, almost like she was trying to suck Bethany up into her. Bethany felt the same electric pin pricking she had when Jennie was taking the powder off her hand, but much more intense.

When she had finished, Jennie lifted up her face towards Bethany's. Jennie's normally pale skin was flushed at her cheeks and her nostrils were pink and flared from the drug. Bethany looked into her eyes, wild with lust and chemicals and put her hand to Jennie's cheek.

Jennie responded, moving with a soft eagerness, melting into Bethany and soon the two girls were kissing.

Bethany had never had a kiss like it, had never kissed a girl before but found the sensation soft, beautiful but also quite unexpectedly dizzying. Jennie didn't hold back and her long, slender tongue danced its way past Bethany's lips, Bethany immediately responding so their tongues slipped and slid over and against each other, as their lips pressed together.

Jennie briefly pulled back and Bethany found herself instinctively moving after her, not wanting to let her go, almost lungeing after her, so far from sated.

Jennie giggled and leaned in. Bethany's tongue was stuck out, trying to get as close to Jennie as it could. Playfully, Jennie's tongue darted out, flicking over the outstretched tip of Bethany's.

Bethany grinned wildly at her friend and Jennie leaned in closer, pursing her lips and then lightly nibbling on Bethany's lower lip. 

Jennie kept darting up to Bethany's mouth, giving her little licks, kisses and nibbles, each one feeling absolutely deliciously soft and sensual.

Unable to control herself Bethany kept leaning further in towards Jennie so Jennie had to lean back, then in and then back again, as Bethany kept bearing down on her.

Eventually Bethany lost her balance and fell over on top of her friend, her mouth finding hers instantly, as she fell. Jennie gave up any pretence of teasing and the two girls lay on the bed, Bethany on top, breasts pushed against Jennie, kissing passionately.

For a while Bethany was completely lost in the kiss, the most erotic and sensual experience of her life, the simple kiss so much more pleasing than being fucked by any boy. Soon though she became aware of Jennie's hands.

Jennie had been running these up and down Bethany's back but now they had found their way to Bethany's bare arse. Jennie was lying on her back but Bethany was propped up on her elbows and knees, with her round arse in the air.

Each of Jennie's hands were grabbing one of Bethany's arse cheeks now, fingers digging in, kneading the flesh. In the position Bethany was in, and given she was completely nude, her bare cunt was stuck out, slightly open and dripping wet.

As Jennie played with her arse cheeks, she pulled her further open. Bethany hadn't even noticed how wet she had got but now that Jennie's fingers were so close it was all she could think about.

Bethany broke off the kiss but kept her face just inches from Jennie's, looking deep into her hot, wanton eyes.

"Put them inside me," she breathed.

Jennie smiled, understanding but pretending not to, "What?" she asked.

"Your fingers, put them inside me," Bethany's tone was a little more insistent now but still Jennie played dumb.

"Put them where?" she asked, all mock innocence.

Bethany lowered her head so her mouth was down by Jennie's ear.

"My pussy," she whispered, lips brushing Jennie's ear, "put your fingers in my pussy, you dirty, little bitch.

Leaving one hand on Bethany's arse, Jennie moved her left hand down so it was between her and Bethany. She ran her fingertips over Bethany's belly, down over her pubic bone and plunged down into her wet, hairy cunt.

Her first plunge, parted her hairy pussy lips, drawing back over her clit, the second went deeper down into her slit to the top of her hole and the third slid all the way in.

Bethany moaned, almost grunted, in the most exquisite pleasure, as Jennie rubbed against her. Nothing had ever felt that good before.

Jennie wriggled down beneath Bethany's body to get better access and soon found Bethany's tits smothering her face.

Bethany squatted immobile on the bed as Jennie licked and sucked her nipples and burried her head between her cleavage as both her hands now went to work between her legs, one spreading her open and rubbing her clit whilst with the other hand one, then two, fingers slid deep, deep inside her pink, wet, slippery hole.

Bethany couldn't believe how good it felt, maybe it was just the drugs but she was sure no boy could ever make her feel this good.

Jennie wasn't holding back but there was something soft and almost sweet about it, Jennie's touch was determined but tender or maybe it was just that Jennie knew what it took to make a woman feel good.

Bethany's tits felt alive and electric in Jennie's mouth and her cunt was singing under the attention Jennie was lavishing on it. Her juices were flowing like river, gushing unashamed over Jennie's long, freshly manicured fingers.

Jennie's thumb rubbed against her clit, sending spasming jolts through her body. At the same time the other hand, the one inside her, was coaxing a swelling sensation of deliciousness from between her legs. Bethany had only ever come from having her clit rubbed so this feeling was something new but something very welcome.
