 Many, many thanks to fluttertongue and phelia for their help in editing this story. You guys rock.

*

Living with Paige was pure hell for Ally. Every moment she was around was like slow, agonizing torture which Ally often likened to having dull screws driven deep into her skull while having her heart ripped violently and awkwardly from her chest by hateful vultures. Well, maybe not that bad, but it definitely sucked in the worst possible way.

It was not that Paige was a bad roommate or anything. She was probably the best roommate Ally had ever had. She was neat, clean and quiet. She knew instinctively, almost the second she moved in, how not to get on Ally's bad side. Hell, she even put the toilet paper roll in the dispenser the exact right way (over the top and pulled from the front) AND never once, no, not one single time, in the entire six months they'd lived together, missed her turn at doing the dishes. She'd even done them when it was Ally's turn, without complaint or even a single, passive aggressive look. 

She was also, to put it bluntly, fun as hell. She was funny, smart and quick. When they threw parties (something they did rarely due to their personalities and work/class schedules), Paige was generally the center of attention, but not in a demanding, annoying way. She just seemed to always light up the room without even really trying.

And to top it all off she really was just about the best friend Ally had had in a long, long time. If Ally was having a bad day she could always count on Paige to bring her back up with a joke, an uplifting, but never cheesy speech, a perfectly rolled joint and simple conversation, or by simply listening to Ally vent regardless of how petty or silly her problem at that particular moment may have been.

So, in short, Paige was the perfect roommate. Still, living with her was absolute torture. On the surface it made absolutely no sense. But to put it simply, Ally was pretty sure she was in love with Paige.

And not just puppy love or a girl crush or even that platonic kind of love that two close girlfriends can share if they have the right personality, and is often faked by the more shallow. No, it was real love, very adult and very physically oriented. Ally wanted nothing more than to ravage Paige's perfect little body and make her scream out her name in pure orgasmic bliss all night, every night until she simply couldn't take it anymore, or until Ally's tongue and fingers fell off from overuse.

This, of course, would not have been a problem at all if Paige was gay or bisexual or even just a teeny bit bi-curious, but sadly, all signs seemed to point directly and unambiguously to none of the above. Paige was just about the straightest girl Ally had ever known.

Ally, however, was anything but. Not that she'd necessarily call herself gay, but if she was bisexual she definitely leaned more towards girls then boys. She always had. Casually and seriously she'd always preferred the ladies to the guys. the casual side of her sexuality was much, much more girl oriented then her more serious, long term side, but even that had been changing. She was only twenty-one, but of the five serious relationships she'd had in six or so years of real sexual activity three had been with other women while the remainder had, of course, been with men. Well, boys really considering one had lasted only six months during her junior year of high school and the other another six months during her freshman year of college. 

Both ended on sour notes, but for different reasons. The first had ended because the bastard decided that since they were both going to be attending different schools on opposite sides of the state and would most likely be breaking up anyway, it would be okay to start fucking other girls a little early at a party they were both attending. She later got back at him by eating out his kid sister at another party they both happened to be attending right before she headed off to school. She even made sure he knew all about it by doing it in the backyard on a lawn chair while he got drunk on the porch nearby. 

He and his buddies on the porch actually cheered her on before they noticed what was actually going on. Then it was just his buddies cheering while he turned and puked his guts out. It was beautiful, in a cruel sort of way. She kind of hated using his little sister to get back at him, but she really didn't seem to mind at the time and, in fact, actually hooked up with her again the next summer when Ally came back to town to avoid paying rent for a few months. Still, it was a cold thing to do and she knew it. 

But that was then. She was over it.

The other relationship ended because he, insisted on having a threesome after one of his stupid friends put the idea into his head. Ally had accidentally admitted while drunk to participating in one or two herself, also while drunk. He begged for two weeks straight until she finally caved and let it happen with an intimate friend of hers named Carlie.

Every thing was going great until Carlie brought Ally to a quick and glorious orgasm and then made out with her for five solid minutes. He freaked out. It might have made sense if he hadn't rolled over to take a break to recover after blowing two quick loads into Carlie while ignoring Ally herself. But even at eighteen Ally knew enough not to count on logic when dealing with a bruised male ego.

That ended the threesome right then and there, but the relationship lurched on awkwardly for another two weeks of accusations of lesbianism and other colorful insults, which were often followed by quick, half hearted apologies. Those were often followed by more insults. He insisted that she no longer hang out with Carlie based on the logic that she was some kind of evil, straight girl-converting dyke who was going to turn her gay. 

That was the last straw. She hadn't even bothered arguing with him or taking the low road and emasculating him with a quick strike to his ego. She'd simply got up from the couch, collected the few things she had in his apartment and walked out the door.

She didn't bother with revenge sex this time around, but she did end up hooking up with Carlie several times after that. She even had a semi-serious relationship going with her that actually involved more than a few threesomes though only one of them involved anyone with a penis.

It was after her relationship with Carlie that Ally pretty much gave up on relationships with men. It wasn't because her two serious relationships with men were debacles. No, it was because she simply realized that sex with other women was just that much more satisfying. A few drunken friendly fucks aside, she hadn't turned back since and she had no plans to. Not that men were completely off the table, but they had better be actual men and not just little boys in men's clothes or they'd best not even bother trying. 

Paige, however, was an entirely different story. Paige was something of a goody-goody when it came to sex. Not that she was a prude, but she wasn't very experienced when Ally first met her and not much had changed since. She was much more of a relationship type person than Ally was. Casual sex was a foreign idea to her. If she wasn't in a relationship with a guy she would make out with them and occasionally let them get to third base, but never ever any farther. 

Oddly enough, Paige rarely kept a boyfriend for long. During the year Paige had lived with Ally she'd had five boyfriends none lasting more than a month. All five relationships seemed to share a similar formula and, from what Ally had gathered through their frequent conversations about sex and sex related topics, this formula had pretty much been intact since she first started dating in high school. 

At first everything started out nauseatingly sweet. Almost like high school sweetheart/ puppy love crap. Ally spent a lot of time rolling her eyes and going to her room during this phase. She could deal with the cuddling on the couch, but Paige had an annoying habit of playing the cute name game. Ally could only handle so many honey buns, sweetie pies and sugar lips or whatever before she developed the urge to kick puppies and steal candy from babies and make them cry. She was always happy when this phase ended; at least briefly.

The second phase tended to make Ally a little jealous, as well as make it almost impossible for her to get any sleep. Why? Well, you should try sleeping when the girl you're crushing on is busy screaming out her boyfriends name in the next room while the bastard fucks her hard enough to cause the bedposts to slam into the wall in a loud, rhythmic fashion.

Once, when one of her boyfriends apparently got a hold of some Viagra or something it went on for about an hour or so. If she had owned a gun Ally probably would've shot herself that night. Or at least the boyfriend, whose name she'd since "forgotten". Luckily for everyone involved she didn't.

Instead she did what she always did: she popped in one of her handful of girl/girl porn DVDs and abused herself like a woman possessed while thinking of Paige. Or, if she was lucky she'd call up whatever girl she was hooking up with at the time and go over to her apartment for some hot, nasty girl fun of her own, again while thinking of Paige.

This second phase usually lasted a week or two before it ended then bam! It was all over. Why? They just weren't compatible or it was starting to become all about the sex or some other vague thing that Paige could never seem to elaborate on.

After that came relative peace until Paige found herself another boy. Relative peace because Ally's crush was hardly dependent on Paige having a sex life. Ally was, after all, secretly in love with Paige not just in love with the sounds she happened to make while fucking. Besides, there were other temptations.

Namely, Paige was extremely comfortable with her body and seemed to think nothing of walking around the house in nothing but panties first thing in the morning on a hot summer day. She also seemed to have no problem walking around in a loosely wrapped towel for a prolonged period of time after a shower occasionally even sitting down seemingly unaware that a short towel wasn't exactly long enough to cover her more private parts. She also didn't seem to mind walking in to the bathroom when Ally was taking her shower to use the toilet and proceeding to have a conversation with Ally like nothing was going on.

It wasn't like she was unaware of Ally's sexuality. Ally was never shy about telling anyone she was bi. Even if she had been Paige would not have had a hard time figuring it out when Ally brought a girl home, took her directly to her room and then proceeded to have less than discreet sex with her. This tended happen fairly often. She was hardly a slut, but sex was definitely a part of her life.

No, Paige knew all about Ally's attraction to other women. She simply didn't care. As far as she was concerned Ally was just another girl. They had the same parts. What was there to hide?

The idea that Ally might like those parts Paige was all too willing to display never seemed to cross her mind. She was just a silly, little, super hot straight girl who never even thought about other girls and what they might want to do to her if only she'd let them.

And she was definitely hot. By Ally's standards, Paige was physical perfection. She was short without being tiny; thin without being skinny. She had a belly that stuck out ever so slightly in a way that made Ally want to tackle Paige and ravage her whenever it was exposed. It was like a little pillow she wanted to place soft kisses on and maybe a few nips.

Her feet were a work of art. Perfectly shaped with the cutest toes that Paige kept tastefully pedicured at all times and which Ally desperately wanted to suck. In fact, she often offered to give Paige foot massages just to touch them, because, yes Ally definitely had something of a foot fetish.

Paige's breasts were also simply beautiful. Perfect, little mounds that fit her body just right, topped with the cutest little nipples that threatened to draw Ally in if she wasn't careful. Much like Paige's completely bare pussy which was simply beautiful to Ally's eyes. It was just a perfect little slit that seemed to draw her eyes in every time with it's simplistic beauty.

Add to that a cute, oval of a face with large, piercing green eyes, shoulder length, silky black hair and perfect light brown skin from her father's partial Mexican heritage and one could easily see why Ally was in lust with her relatively innocent friend.

Not that Ally was a slouch. She was proud of her body, but not arrogantly so. In high school she had been an athlete, playing soccer and running track until she blew her knee near the end of her junior year. The injury prevented her from going back into competitive sports, but she still took a lot of pride in maintaining her physique. 

She tried very hard to walk the thin line between femininely toned and androgynously muscular. She was most proud of her tight belly and what she had been told by several lovers was a wonderfully shaped butt and long, shapely legs.

She was a wee bit taller than Paige. Those long, shapely legs that helped so much in track were a good part of it. Her breasts were also just a smidge larger, but, again, it wasn't like it was a huge difference. In fact, she'd actually worn one of Paige's bras before thanks to a laundry mix up and similar taste in undergarments and while it was a tad tight it was more because she was little thicker than Paige and less because of her cup size.

Her face was also a bit more angular, but still soft and feminine. Ally's eyes also weren't quite as prominent being a calming darker blue which went well with her just past shoulder length natural blonde hair. Well, when it was blonde anyway. She did tend to dye it on occasion. Usually tastefully with just a few highlights here and there, but on occasion she'd go for a nice pink or blue or some times a shade of green or purple.

Really though, she was just a fairly average, cute, younger women who tried to get by more on her wit than her looks, and tended to judge others by that same standard. Paige may have been deliciously cute in the physical sense, but it was her personality that won Ally over despite the inevitable failure of any potential relationship with her.

Still, it wasn't like any of that mattered. Paige was still straight and she still drove Ally absolutely insane with lust despite the fact that she and Ally would never be together, not even for one, glorious night.

Or, at least, that's what Ally thought. She was wrong, but, she had no way of knowing just how wrong she had been for so very, very long until the night that changed everything between them. 

The thing was Paige was nowhere near as inexperienced in the realm of feminine romance as Ally assumed. She was hardly an out and open bisexual, but she had done of a few things that would've shocked and emboldened Ally had she known of her roommate's hidden curiosity.

Why? Well, quite simply, despite what her extroverted personality might say to the contrary, Paige was shy, especially when it came to sex. There was a reason she never indulged in more casual sex even when most of friends had no problem with it. She had to be extremely comfortable with someone before she'd even think of giving into any sexual advances. 

Only one girl had ever managed to break through her defenses and get her to open up to the possibilities that existed in the more feminine side of sexuality. It had been a glorious experience and, to be honest, probably the single most passionate, fulfilling relationship she'd ever had. It had also ended up being one of the most sexually confusing nine months of her young life 

Still, those nine months with Hailey during her senior year of high school were pure bliss in a lot of ways. The questions may have driven her a little mad after it broke off as abruptly as it did, but she wouldn't have given them up for anything. In fact, what she wanted most in the world was to have them back. There was just one little problem: she had no idea how to go about getting it. It wasn't just because she was shy when it came to initiating intimate contact. It had much more to do with the fact that she simply had no idea how to go about starting the relationship.

Hailey was the only girl who was either able or willing to break through Paige's considerable defenses and get to the deviant, little freak who laid in wait just underneath the surface. Not that there weren't other girls that tried, but Paige was no different with women than she was with men. She required a massive reserve of patience on the part of her suitors regardless of gender, and most people just didn't have it.

Paige was on the verge of giving up thinking she'd have to settle for her memories for the rest of her good, but still somewhat empty life. It was a heavy load for a girl not yet old enough to drink to carry with her, but it seemed to be what life intended for her. That is until she met Ally. Ally was a dream come true. She was cute, funny, loved awesome music and, more importantly, she loved other girls. She was also apparently absolutely convinced that Paige was one hundred percent straight and had no apparent plans to even attempt to change that fact. 

Still, they became fast friends after meeting in their freshman art history class. Paige broke up with her only long time boyfriend since her relationship with Hailey and was forced to make a decision between moving back into the dorms (yuck) and moving back home at about the same time that Ally was trying to find a roommate. The cards seemed to show a winning hand for both. 

Yes, it was a good deal but like Ally,Paige was hardly as satisfied as she would've liked and for much the same reasons. She had hoped they'd have been fucking by now, but Ally simply refused to change her mind about Paige's sexuality.

Not that it was all her fault. Ally really had no reason to believe Paige was anything but straight. Hell, even Paige was amazed by the amount of boyfriends she'd had in the year they'd lived together and the short duration of all the relationships. The reason for them was simple, however. She fucked all those guys, some of whom she honestly barely even liked, because she had to distract herself from what she really wanted more than anything. That, of course, was the girl in the next room. 

That was the only reason these relationships didn't last long. It was also the reason she was willing to get so wild with her boyfriends, letting them do things to her she honestly never imagined letting anyone do to her. 

She'd done a lot of the stuff that one guy and one girl could do together minus scat and blood play and several other things she never thought she would consider: A little light bondage here, some ass to mouth there and several things in between. Spanking, paddling, ass licking, anal beads (for her and one particular guy), sex in the car, in the shower, on the couch, in the laundry room, in the kitchen, at her job, at his job in the park, under a bridge, in a public restroom and on and on and on. She'd done plenty and none of it was enough to distract her from what she really wanted, but had no idea how to go about getting.

Paige had tried though in her own little way. Those apparently innocent displays of Paige's hidden assets that drove Ally mad with frustration were anything but innocent. Ally never seemed to take the hint, though. How she could miss that fact that Paige would very deliberately find a place to sit where her exposed pussy was directly in Ally's line of sight was beyond Paige. Hell, half the time Paige would actually go so far as to move a chair or sit cross legged on the floor right in front of her roommate when there were more logical seating options to be had. 
