 The Blood Bond 

"Fuck it!" Jan cursed and slammed her laptop cover shut. No matter how hard she tried, the words she was hoping to conjure just didn't appear in her head. 

Since the long night she had spent with Kasper at Sara's house, she had been frustrated in more ways than just her writers block getting worse. Just thinking about the very attractive pale girl made her stomach flip and start a maddening, warm tingle deep inside her. 

The memories of the first evening still burned deeply in her memory. Both women had knelt on the dusty ground holding on to each other, as if their lives had depended on it. The fair skinned, azure eyed Kasper completely nude, and Jan wearing only a pair of stockings. The vivid recollection of how the evening breeze, had felt refreshingly cool against her sex hot skin, rose goose bumps, even now over a week later. 

When they had parted, Kasper promised she would be in touch, and that they would get together as soon as she could get away from her commitments. 

Since then Jan had heard nothing. No phone call, no text, no email. In fact, she had received more communication of the large Australian Cob. For some unknown reason, the overly friendly hulk of a man, had taken to checking up on Jan every day. Not in a boyfriend way, more like a caring big brother, which Jan thought was actually quite sweet. 

"Maybe I was just a passing fancy for a sex addict." She mused aloud then sighed. What she would give to have a repeat of that night. 

With another frustrated sigh, Jan stood from her writing desk and crossed over to the glass door that led on to her balcony and opened it as wide as possible. The hot, humid London air drifted in, stifling after the cool of her air conditioned apartment. 

From her balcony, Jan watched the lights of the city reflecting on the dark water of the Thames. The dark sky contrasting with the manmade lights of the skyline. A light breeze buffeted against her baggy t-shirt, moulding it against her breasts, and causing the warm tingle of her arousal to climb a little higher. 

Feeling an overwhelming urge to be back in the shadowed glade, with the ghost like Danish girl in her arms, Jan pulled the thin shirt over her head and dropped it to the floor. Now there was nothing between her skin and the clammy heat carried by the breeze. It felt so good to let the invisible hands of the gentle wind caress her over warm body. 

Impulsively, Jan sat on the lounger that occupied the majority of the balcony, then leaned back, letting her naked body soak up the darkness of the night. Her hand strayed across the bare skin of her stomach and over a firm rounded breast, giving a small sigh of pleasure as her palm stroked a nipple, then winced a little as her exploring fingers touched upon a double crescent of teeth marks, still tender from a lust induced bite. One of the small souvenirs from the passionate night under the trees. Kasper had certainly gotten under her skin in more ways than one. 

Hands wandered aimlessly across her body, as she drifted in to the fantasy that Kasper was with her once more. One set of fingers pinched a nipple making her moan, while the other hand slipped across her belly to the patch of dark hair that covered her warm mound. After touching the cleanly shaven area that lay between Kasper's legs, Jan had debated shaving hers off, but there was something very carnal about the way Kasper had twirled Jan's short hairs in her fingers, tugging gently and encouraging Jan to allow access for the pale girl's electrifying tongue. 

Jan's fingers pulled lightly on her pubic hair, trying desperately to recreate the fires Kasper had lit in her soul. She pinched at the tender skin of her breasts and nipples, while rubbing fingers over her sex. The image of those azure eyes burning with desire flashed in to Jan's mind, and she almost felt the exciting touch of Kasper's lips kissing the inside of her thighs. 

With a mute sigh, Jan cried out as her climax washed over her. Her knees rose up to her chest trying to prolong the feeling burning through her insides, hoping to ride the waves that Kasper's punishing interaction had incited, then moaning in frustration as the orgasm died as quickly as it had risen. 

Tears of frustration and dejection formed in Jan's eyes, for someone who had managed to exist, happily on her own for years, she felt lonely and incomplete without the wild blonde in her arms. 

Wallowing in a swell of self-pity, Jan Tanner drifted in to a restless sleep. 

"If you go in to a mini climax every time something touches you, how are you going to get dressed?" Jan asked as she shook the dust from her dress. 

"I don't know." Kasper replied, her voice tinged with nervous laughter that bordered on hysteria. "I've never been away from a bedroom when I've been like this." 

A light giggle burst from Jan's lips. "Sorry I shouldn't laugh, but you have to admit, this is a pretty bizarre situation." 

Kasper stood in the glade of trees, dressed as Jan was, in nothing but lengthening shadows, as darkness began to fall. Her arms were held out from her sides as if she was afraid to touch her own skin. After their passionate love making, Kasper had confessed that sometimes she became so sensitive post sex, that the slightest touch made her flow in to orgasm after orgasm, each one making her more sensitive until she passed out from endorphin over load. Certainly not a good position to be in when you're in someone else's garden, with a couple of dozen people between you and the relative safety of the rooms where Jan was staying. 

"Right." Jan said thinking aloud. "Options are. We wait here until everyone has gone. We get you dressed and risk you going to an orgasmic coma on the way back. Or..." 

"Or...?" Kasper queried. Wondering what the third option may be, as Jan had flushed deeply in the fading light. 

"Erm... We walk back with you as you are." Jan said a little too quickly. 

Kasper gave a sharp intake of breath. "Do you want to do that Jan?" She asked, her words barely above a whisper and husky. 

"I would never ask you to do that." Jan told her, feeling very embarrassed, she wasn't really sure where the idea had originated. "I just had this picture in my head of us walking through the party, holding hands with you on display. Sorry, it was the lust speaking." 

A small shudder ran through Kasper's body as a little moan burst from her lips. "Oh wow. That makes my knees go weak just thinking of it." 

Another image forced its way in to Jan's mind. "Well, there is another option." She suggested, her voice dropping to match Kasper's. "We both walk back nude, hand in hand and ignoring everyone." 

The white skin of Kasper's face, shone out from the growing darkness, as she contemplated Jan's idea. She glanced from the shadows of the trees back to where the lights of the house illuminated the small groups of people still present. When she turned back, her lips were wearing a broad grin. 

"Sounds like a plan to me." Kasper said as she offered her hand. 

They walked slowly and steadily. Hands clasped tightly, drawing strength from each other, eyes focused on their goal. 

To Jan it was the most arousing thing she had ever done. The simple act of walking past people she vaguely knew, whilst being totally naked was like pouring Nitro-glycerine on a fire. She was very aware that Kasper was close to climax by the way she gasped for breath with every step, and the thought of that had fuelled Jan's passion even further. 

Conversations had fallen silent as they walked up to the door to the flat Sara had lent Jan. Unhurriedly the pair of women stepped inside, without a word to anyone. 

"Anyone got a problem with that can speak to me first." Cob's voice had announced loud and commanding, as Kasper and Jan closed the door. Jan giggling nervously, and Kasper gasping in a climbing orgasm. 

Wave after wave of deep glorious climax rolled over Jan as she writhed on the lounger. The dream had been so real, woven from the memories of what she and Kasper had done that night. She could still feel the eyes of the partygoers as they walked down the garden, every inch of skin available to the guests to see. 

She opened her eyes to see the sky beginning to lighten with the rising dawn, the remnants of a far more satisfying orgasm still warm in her flesh. 

"Christ Kasper. What have you done to me?" Jan asked the dawning sky as her body yearned for the touch of cool pale hands. 

Three days had passed since the wild dream on the balcony. Three days and two nights. Both nights she had dreamt of the sexual exploits of that weekend, each dream ending in Jan waking in the throes of the most amazing orgasms. Then on the third night, she had an entirely different dream. She was in a darkened room, it was cold, damp, and she had a nagging sensation that there was someone or something coming for her. This wasn't like the dream she had before where before she had awoken feeling sexual. She awoke with an entirely different feeling. 

One of fear. 

Without a thought, Jan jumped out of bed. She was resolute that she had to contact Kasper immediately. The need born from a fear that something had happened to the woman that had become her fixation. 

Fingers danced over the keyboard of her laptop, as she searched for any information on Kasper. She had tried typing her name in to several different search engines, but only got links to the book and news about the forthcoming film. As to information about where she came from there was nothing. Running out of options Jan picked her phone up and dialled Sara's number. 

The ringing tone sounded in Jan's ear. "Lancaster Publishing. Sara Lancaster speaking." Sara's voice spoke as she answered the phone. 

"Hi half pint." Jan greeted. 

"Hi honey. How are you keeping. You know I found your underwear hanging off one of our trees yesterday." 

Jan's eyes closed for a second, feeling her cheeks burn at the memory of her discarded clothing. 

"Yeah, I can imagine." Jan managed to say through gritted teeth. "Listen I need a favour. I have to know how to get in touch with Kasper." 

"Seriously? I would have thought that you two would have at least swapped numbers after your little parade." 

Jan swore to herself, she had no patience for Sara's jokes currently, but common sense won over her frustration and she let out a slow breath. 

"I gave her my number, but she couldn't remember hers. I don't know if that was a line or what, but I really need to speak to her." Jan was aware of the desperation that had crept in to her voice in the last few words of that sentence. 

"Ouch. You've really got it bad, haven't you honey. Give me five minutes and I'll mail you everything I have." 

As soon as the line went dead, Jan crossed to her laptop, and opened her email account, mashing the refresh button, waiting for the information from Sara. She knew it didn't make any difference, but the action was better than inaction. 

After what felt like hours the indicator on her inbox showed a new message. 

"If this is for Viagra, you're going out of the window." Jan told the luckless laptop as she clicked on the icon. 

Fortunately for the laptop, it was the desired message from Sara. Jan's eyes scanned the information, which was extremely limited. 

Apparently the original draft for 'Sliding Scale,' the book that had propelled Kasper to the best seller lists, had been sent to Sara, hand written. No email address, no phone number, but there was a return address that Jan rapidly scribbled down. 

Her writer's fingers, normally used to hammering out three or four thousand words a day when she was in full flow, trembled as she opened Google Maps, and it took three attempts to input the correct postcode. 

"Norfolk." Jan sighed. "Out in the middle of nowhere." Annoyance and frustration boiled over as Jan cursed her lack of foresight in never taking a driving test. The idea of three different trains and who knew how many taxis to get to what only may be Kasper's address made her want to scream. 

The opening bars of George Thorogood's, Bad to the Bone interrupted her tantrum, and Jan snatched her phone from the desk. The screen announced that the caller was Cob. 

Jan had never been a believer in anything outside what she could touch and see, but from the happenings of the last week, she was sure that Fate had a firm grip on her life. 

"Hi Cob." She greeted trying to keep the emotion out of her voice. 

"G'day Jan. I just got a call off Sara saying you needed a ride." 

Silently Jan thanked Sara and whatever was watching over her as her vision blurred with the tears that welled. 

"I think something is wrong with Kasper." She blurted down the phone. "I need to go to Norfolk, it's the only address I have for her." 

There was a ten second pause as Cob processed the information. 

"No worries. I'll be there in five." 

"Thank you Cob, you're a hero. I'll get dressed and be ready when you get here." 

"No need to go to that effort on my behalf, if you want to be a nudie, that's good with me." 

With her frustration waning, Jan's anger flared. "I'm not a nudist." She replied through gritted teeth. "It was one damn time." 

There was no reply as Cob had already rung off. Jan fumed, wondering just how long everyone was going to remember the nude walk she had made with Kasper. "Screw it." She told herself. Plenty of time to worry about that after she had found Kasper.  

Jan shed her nightshirt and pulled on underwear, comfortable jeans and buttoned on a clean denim shirt then grabbed a jacket, ensuring she stuffed her phone in the pocket. Then she raced out of the apartment to wait for Cob's arrival. 

"So why the sudden rush?" Cob asked a he turned on to the M11 heading towards Norfolk and Kings Lynn. 

Jan had been filling in some of the details about how she had been missing Kasper, obviously leaving out the details of what state she had been in when she awoke. 

"I honestly wish I could explain it." Jan sighed. "I just have this strong feeling something has happened to her." 

"Really?" Cob asked his eye leaving the road briefly. "So you can feel what she feels?" 

The question was like a lightning bolt, and Jan face palmed. "Yes!" She exclaimed excitedly. "That's exactly what it is like. It was like I was reliving the dreams through her eyes." 

"Did you draw blood on each other by any chance?" Cob asked quizzically. 

Jan's fingers immediately touched the tender area just above her left breast where the set of teeth marks still stung. "Yeah, maybe." 

"Awesome." Cob grinned. "What you got there is, your basic blood bond." 

Jan frowned then forced herself not to as the action ignited the beginnings of a tension headache. "What's a blood bond?" She asked rubbing her forehead. 

"Well, it happens when two lovers exchange blood. If one of them has the ability, they can create a bond using magic, it means they can share basic images and feelings." 

"How the fuck, do you know that?" Jan asked astounded. "Not that I mean that in a bad way." She added hurriedly. 

A loud belly laugh bounced around the cab of the pickup. "No offence taken nudie. My pops is a Cleverman, and moms is a wiccan. I picked up all sorts of info on weird stuff like that." 

Jan's frown grew deeper and the stress of the last few days awakened the pain in her head. "Clever man? You mean, your father's clever?" 

"Nah. He's a Cleverman. That's like a tribal witch doctor. I'm half Aboriginal." 

As she looked at Cob, she realised the features she had taken for granted like the brown tanned skin and dark honest eyes, could easily point to a mixed parentage. "And a wiccan is what?" 

"A pagan witch." Cob replied. "Sort of like the old wise woman." 

"Seriously?" Jan asked. "These things actually real? I mean do things like Fairies and Elves exist?" 

Cob shrugged. "Folklore exists in too many places in the world, and there are far too many stories, that have too many similarities for them to be unconnected and fictional. Nothing has ever been proven, but, in my opinion, I think they exist, and who knows how many people could have Fae blood and not know it." 

Jan processed the new information. Was it too hard to believe that things like these actually lived? After all, not seeing something didn't disprove it. Plenty of people went to church every Sunday and she was sure none of them had ever seen God, or Jesus. "Do you know anything about any other folk lore?" She asked, very interested to know more. 

A wide grin split Cob's face happy to be talking about something he was on an even footing with. "Loads. Any particular country in mind?" 

"Denmark or Scandinavian." Jan suggested as she wondered if Kasper's country was known for witchcraft." 

"Ah." Cob said as his grin faded. "You want to know about your little pal. Well most European countries are known for their folklore. The Norse tales are a source for most of them, like the Norns and such. Then you've got your Eastern European Strigoi, but they're normally darker complexion." 

Things were moving a little too rapidly for Jan to comprehend, but she knew the word Strigoi. You didn't get to be a Gothic Romance novelist without knowing something about Vampires. "You seem to know a lot about this kind of stuff for someone who just picked it up of his parents." Jan commented, more than a little curious as to why the Cob she had first spoken to a week ago had faded away. Replaced by the much deeper, interesting Cob that was sat next to her. 

"I did a series of books on different countries and their folklore, comparing how they cross over." Cob announced casually. "It's a bit of a hobby really. I used to play rugby, but blew my knee in a bad tackle. While I was recovering I started researching and writing it out of boredom. Jamie got Sara to publish it for me." 

"You really must tell me what it's called." Jan said in honest admiration. "That's something I really would find interesting." 

The skin of Cob's neck darkened slightly. "I'll see if I have one laying around you can have." He tried to say casually, but was clearly embarrassed about the attention. "Any way." He changed the subject. "To get back to your little nudie pal." 

"We aren't nudists." Jan said trying to sound angry but failing badly, as she realised just how shy Cob was, and wondered just how much of Cob's outward image was an act. 

"She's pale skinned, blonde haired, Danish and seems to be able to weave blood bonds." Cob continued ignoring Jan's interruption. "That would point to a Huldra. Does she like trees?" 

The memory of their time in the small glade jump sharply back in to her mind. "Yes she said she found sitting under trees very comforting. What's a Huldra?" 

"A Huldra is a Scandinavian or Germanic being, one of the Underground folk. Like an Elf of one of the many other Fae creatures. They are renowned for their beauty, and said to inhabit woodlands and forests. They seduce humans in to being their lovers for eternity." Cob paused in his description. "She doesn't have a tail though does she?" 

"A what?" Jan asked still musing about the 'lover for eternity' part of Cob's description. 

"A tail." Cob replied. "They are said to have a cow's tail, but that could well be misinformation or she could be a half breed." 

A wave of nausea hit Jan like a hammer, and the world spun in front of her as she blacked out. 

Jan's eyes flickered open and Cob's worried face slowly swam out of the blurred images. 

"Thank Christ for that." He said, his deep voice full of concern. "Honestly thought I'd lost you there." 
