 Following on from the surprise threesome with Lucy I wondered how Jane would react if it happened again...

It was mid-evening, a few days after Christmas and we have the house to ourselves. Jane's mother has taken the kids out to visit relatives in London and will not be back until tomorrow night.

I am not trying to imply that our house is a mess (far from it as Jane is far to house proud) but to set the scene for this story lets assume that we had not managed to find the time to tidy up. Christmas paper, ribbons, tags and boxes are strewn everywhere. What with the endless visits to relatives and friends, it has meant that this was our first chance to deal with the chaos.

"Look at the mess," Jane says, opening a large black bin bag, as she grab's a handful of red and green paper, scrunching it into a small ball and tossing it into the bag.

"Don't you just love Christmas," I say, "Would you like some help?"

I collect together some cardboard boxes and smash them flat, before stuffing them into a bin bag.

"I don't know what's come over me as it not usual for me to let the place get in such a mess," Jane says, giggling. 

"But I'm glad of some time on our own," She looks at me and winks, seems like we both have a trip to the bedroom on our minds!

Jane gathers up lengths of ribbon and drapes them around her neck. She can't bear to throw all the expensive gift-wrap away. As she picks up a bow, chuckling as she sticks it to the back of her hand. Saying out loud " Look at me, I'm gift wrapped for you!" This gives me an idea!

When I return to the living room, I hand her a large glass of Whisky & Coke.

"Are you trying to get me drunk?" She replies, "Who me," I reply innocently, "I just might be".

I return to the task of tidying up, it takes us almost an hour during which I pour Jane another large glass of Whiskey with a dash of Coke before we are finished. Now all the gifts are neatly stacked away, wrapping paper and boxes are ready for the bin men, and Jane is all draped with ribbon.

"I'll put all this lot out in the morning," I say, tying the neck of the bin bag, "but now it's time for bed!!!"

Jane start's to remove the lengths of ribbon that's draped around her neck and shoulders.

"Leave that there," I say, "let's go upstairs"

Enjoying the erotic glint in my eye, and quite light headed from the all the Whiskey she has consumed, Jane takes my arm as I lead her to our bedroom. 

"Do you have something specific in mind?" she asks, a look of mock innocence on her face.

"I do indeed. Now it's my Christmas present, let me unwrap you!" 

I take several lengths of colourful ribbon from around her neck. Leaving quite a few still in place. I push her backward onto our bed. Falling on top of her, pressing my lips against hers softly, then, as I feel Jane lean into the kiss, I deepen it, probing her mouth with my tongue. "Umm," "You are wonderful," I say as I kiss her again.

As she start's to wrap her arms around my neck, I pull back. 

"Actually I'd like to wrap you up a bit more tightly before I unwrap you," I say. The look on my face, as she well knows means that I am hatching a delightful plan. 

My sexual appetite is rich and varied; my ideas usually lead to an evening of great lovemaking but just sometimes they are not always greatly received. 

"What are you plotting?" Jane asks.

I take a piece of wide red ribbon and wrap it around her right wrist. Then I tie the other end of the ribbon to the headboard, leaving little slack.

Jane is suddenly filled with fire. Having been tied up many times before. I take a long piece of green and gold ribbon and tie her left wrist to the headboard, then using silver ribbon I fasten her ankles to the legs of our bed, so her thighs are spread wide apart.

Jane wriggles and pulls, revelling in the feeling of being helpless. "This makes me feel so hot," she whispers.

"I Hope so," I reply, "It does the same to me, I love looking at you this way"

Jane yanks upon the ribbons as she struggles some more, until both of us are quite sure that she can't free herself. 

"Wait there a moment," I say, gazing down at my now-helpless wife, as if she could go anywhere!! Before disappearing to the garage.

Upon my return I say, "I hope these are old jeans of yours" as I pull my very sharp dive knife from its sheath.

Before she has time to reply I say, "Don't worry Darling I'll buy you a new pair." 

Starting at her ankle I slowly cut her jeans up one side to her waist. Then I walk around the bed and cut the other side as well. With one pull her jeans are now in pieces in my hands.

"You sod," Jane Moans, "you know they were, my favourites!"

"Too late now," I say. As I begin to cut the waistband of her tee shirt. Cutting up from the hem to sleeve on each side. Then with two more cuts up each of the shoulders, and her shirt is in two pieces.

As usual when casual, Jane is braless and her fully erect nipples crest her large firm breasts. I kneel on the side of the bed and take one of her nipples between my teeth. Sucking upon it hard, the way I know she likes, and then playfully biting the tip. 

"Oww," Jane complains, squirming, trying to evade my mouth. 

"You can't get away from me," I say with my mouth full before, shifting my attention to her other nipple.

Each time my teeth close on her nipples. She clamps her jaws tightly shut to avoid shouting out. 

Through her teeth she hisses, "You're making me crazy".

"I know," I reply, shifting from breast to breast, "And you're helpless to stop me".

Jane now owns up to feeling so hot that she could cum without even being touched between her legs at all, but I have gone! She can still hear me, searching through my bedside drawer, she gasps at what she sees in my hand, as the dildo is huge.

"Your new Christmas present," I announce, one that I have bought specially for you.

Quickly I cut up the sides of her panties and discard them. Then wrapping a length of gold ribbon around her waist, I tie it tightly to one side. I loop another length of ribbon over the back of the first piece and pull the two ends down between the crack of her arse. Leaving the two ends stretched out between her legs, holding the dildo where she can see it. 

"I'm going to fill you up," I announce, " like you've never been filled before." 

"You can tell me to stop if you really need to, if you can't manage a large one!" As I rub the tip of the flesh coloured penis through her wetness then slowly press it against her pussy lips.

As I push, I bite her nipple again, as she jumps; I push the dildo in a bit deeper. With each bite of her nipple I push the huge dildo deeper& deeper into her soaking pussy.

Jane gasps at the feelings of the two sensations, the torment of my teeth on her nipple, the feel of the giant dildo stretching her cunt to the max, making her crazy. 

"Rub me," "Make me cum, please, let me come, fuck me with it!" she begs

Instead I pull the ends of the ribbon up between her legs, imprisoning the dildo deep inside her body. Before looping the loose ends of the ribbon over the front of the one already around her waist and tying it off, holding the dildo tightly in place.

As she struggles and wiggles, the dildo moves inside her. The ribbon is pressing against her clit but she can't quite rub herself the right way to make herself cum. And she really Need's to cum now. She pulls at her wrists hoping that she can free one hand to touch herself and relieve the pressure, but it's no use.

It has been almost ten minutes of torture while I stand and photograph my captive wife.

"Oh God help me," she begs, "Touch me, I'm so near but I can't do it myself"

"I know," That's why I have arranged a special Christmas present for you," I say as I check my watch, "It should be delivered any time now".

Right on cue the doorbell rings, and I leave the bedroom to go downstairs to answer it.

I open the door to see Lucy standing there wearing a three quarter length leather coat wrapped around her not buttoned up, it's just held in place with a tie up belt.

"Merry Christmas," she says with a big grin, "Can you guess what I'm not wearing today?"

"Panties! I suspect" I reply as I invite her into the porch.

"Well your sort of right," "I thought I would bring you a Christmas present but I have been wearing it all the way from home and it has made me quite hot!" 

Lucy opens her coat to reveal that she is completely naked under it!

"I thought you were wearing my present!" I manage to blurt out in total surprise.

"I am its inside me," She smirks "but you can only have it if you take it out using only your teeth!"

Then I noticed the little piece of string hanging out of her pussy.

"They are Duo balls" she smirked again, "But I cut the string short on purpose!"

I dropped to my knees, Lucy stepped forward I could see her pussy had been freshly shaven as I adjusted my head to aim for the string, but Lucy is quite short and my first contact was with her hood. Lucy rubbed her pussy hard into my face and my tongue found her clit, forgetting the string for the moment I licked her clit up and down taking it into my mouth as it grew in size as she became more aroused. Lucy climaxed almost immediately; I lapped up her juices, my tongue founding the string reminding me that my present was still inside her. Using my teeth as instructed I pulled upon the string as one cum covered ball emerged from her sweet shaven pussy. I took the ball into my mouth; sucking it clean her cum tasted wonderful. I gently pulled downward to claim the second part of my present as the other cum covered ball popped from within her pussy, sucking this clean also I looked into her eyes and smiled.

"Now I have a present for Jane, shall we go upstairs?" Her remark reminding me of the reason for inviting her round in the first place, as she enclosed her naked body once more inside her coat.

I stood up allowing Lucy to walk into the lounge before she turned to climb the stairs. 

Jane lifted her head from the pillow to watch us as we walked into the room.

"Not again you bastard! How could you Lucy?"

"I'm here as your Christmas present," Lucy replied as she opened her coat allowing it to fall from her shoulders onto the floor to reveal her slim naked body in all it's glory.

Lucy climbed onto the bed cupping Jane's gorgeous tits in her hands, rubbing them firmly. Jane turned her head away but as she did so she arched her back slightly, causing her firm tits to rise up to meet the hands rubbing them. Jane could feel her body getting warmer as her nipples responded to the firm squeezing. She resented the fact that her nipples felt charged from being pulled and twisting by another woman her mind objecting to this lesbian rape. Lucy could see Jane's brown nipples growing slightly darker, harder as she worked on them as her own nipples also became erect in response.

Jane could feel Lucy's warm breath on her breasts. As she turned her head back she could see Lucy's face close to her tits. She glared into the pale blue eyes that were admiring her hard nipples; she could feel Lucy's soft hair touched her skin, Lucy was breathing heavily now. Jane's mind was In turmoil knowing that this was wrong yet it felt so good she could not help herself, moaning as she watched the fingers that were teasing her nipples so much, give way to Lucy's mouth.

Her nipple disappeared as Lucy began to suck upon it, rubbing it with her tongue, pushing against her teeth, her tongue dancing around the nipple, Jane was now so engrossed in the immense pleasure she was feeling, that she forgot her madness about the situation that she had found her self in again. She didn't even notice Lucy's hand running down her bare flesh to her shaven pubic region. Lucy's fingers found the tip her hood, then pulled at the ribbon that held the monster dildo in place causing it to push deeper into Jane's pussy.

Lucy looked up at me as I watched from the side of the bed, she pointed to the ribbon trapping the dildo deep inside my wife as she traced around the top of the latex toy with her finger, uncertain as to where I wanted this to go. She like Jane was definitely getting extremely turned on; her own cunt was aching for some penetration. I passed her the knife I had used earlier, and she cut away the ribbons holding the dildo in place. Also cutting Jane's legs free, whilst I attached longer ribbons to her wrists before pulling Jane down the bed so that her bum was upon the edge of the bed with her legs hanging over the end before reattaching the ribbons to the headboard.

Lucy climbed on top so that her head was directly above Jane's pussy and her own pussy above Jane's face. Lucy lowered her mouth, taking hold of the dildo between her teeth and gently pulling it out from inside Jane's slippery cunt. Jane was confused her initial angry reaction of being tricked into a threesome again was already giving way to an uncertain feeling, she was starting to enjoy the sensation of another woman performing on her, she even felt like pulling Lucy toward her mouth and returning some sucking and fondling of her own, but as her hands were tied it was not possible. Lucy's finger was now gently rubbing the outer labia of Jane's pussy. 

It felt really good as Lucy asked, "Do you want me to stop?" Jane did not reply.

"You've never made love with another woman before, have you?" Lucy asked.

"I know what you are thinking, your mind is saying No but your body is crying out yes"

Jane just relaxed, spreading her legs wide, Lucy's finger now probing at her pussy, then sliding deep inside, Lucy loved the warm feeling of Jane's wet hole wrapping itself around it. Jane's initial lesbian revulsion started to give way as Lucy proceeded to gently finger fuck my wife's soaking slit, her thumb rubbing hard against Jane's clit as she inserted a second finger into her slippery opening, gently spreading it wider. Jane began to grind her hips up against Lucy's hand motions as they tormented her cunt.

This lesbian sex show was too much for me to stand. The effect on my cock these two naked bodies lying upon my bed making it hard, totally erect, standing out from my groin straining against my trousers. I began to undress quickly discarding my shirt, dropping my trousers and pants before standing naked at the foot of the bed. 

I watched Lucy occasionally placing soft kisses on to Jane's clit as she expertly worked her two fingers in and out of her wet cunt, we could both smell the love juice leaking out. Jane's breath quickened, and we all knew that she was getting close to orgasm. Lucy again glanced at me, I knew what she was thinking and nodded. Lucy then lowered her own cunt to Jane's lips, expecting her to turn away in objection, but to our surprise she accepted it, sticking her own tongue deep into Lucy's slit tasting the juice of another woman for the first time. Lucy in response increased the tempo of her finger fucking, her thumb rubbing Jane's clit harder, her fingers rammed in and out of her soaking pussy as she could feel Jane's tension building.

Jane in turn was now also touching Lucy in exactly the right way, tongue fucking her, Lucy could feel Jane's tongue slipping in and out of her slit, lapping her juices from her soaking pussy. I could not allow these girls to have all the fun. Lucy looked up again removing her fingers as she did so. I approached the bed, Jane's pussy vacant for my cock to fill. My shaft slid home easily as Lucy switched her attention to my wife's clit as I pumped my cock deep into her cunt. I was too much for Jane she writhed beneath us pulling against the ribbons that held her hands firmly in place as she began to orgasm. Pumped her hips up and down, as my cock pushed deeper and deeper inside her as Lucy kept up her attentions on her clit.

"Fuck me! Please, Pleeeease, yesss, yesss! Ohhhhh," Jane began screaming, as she creamed all over my cock.

I pulled out allowing Lucy to bury her face deep between Jane's legs drinking her orgasm, by now close to one herself. I stood back gently stroking my cock from it's tip to my balls.

"Umm," "I could come just from looking at you two and rubbing myself"

"No," Lucy looks up, "We will share it".

"Open," I say, tapping Lucy's mouth with my cock, "Suck it Lucy"

Lucy gladly opens her mouth and swallows all of my hard cock deep inside before pulling back and flicking her tongue across my knob, she then started licking up and down the length of my shaft, whilst still rubbing Jane's clit with her finger. Jane in turn is sucking Lucy's clit, Lucy is close now as am I, faster and faster Lucy works her mouth, bobbing on my shaft until she can feel my and her own orgasms building. I slide one of my hands around the base of my cock and stroke my balls, Jane is frantically flicking her tongue across Lucy's clit, it's now too much for Lucy as she explodes into Jane's mouth, to her surprise Jane is greedily lapping it all up, her tongue deep inside Lucy's pink lips. A moment later and Lucy feels my spurts of hot cum filling her mouth.

"Don't you swallow," I command 

Lucy holds the thick creamy fluid inside her mouth, a little dribbling down her chin, she turns to face Jane, changing position so she is doggy style above her, arse high in the air, I cant resist it, I plunge my cock deep into Lucy's arse. Lucy lowers her mouth to Jane's as the two girls share my cum during a passionate kiss, while I continue to pump in and out of Lucy's tight little brown Hole, It not long before Lucy also has an arse full of my cum, as we all collapse in a heap on the bed. Several minutes pass before any of us could speak. Panting, I finally say, "That was the best Christmas present I've ever had."

Reaching for my knife I cut the lengths of ribbon from Jane's wrists, "And I certainly enjoyed wrapping it."

Jane looks right back into my eyes, "I will get you back for this!" she says as she wraps her arms around her workmate. 

Then both girls climb off the bed and head for the shower.

To be continued...