 When my mother in law visited us in Chicago, she came in on a Thursday night. My fiance took off of work early to pick her up from Ohare Airport. I was at work thinking about her all day! When I got off of work and went home, she was making dinner and my fiance was in the living room watching a movie on the big screen. He spoke to me and I smiled at him and I went directly into the kitchen to see my mother in law. 

She was making chicken which is my favorite food and when she saw me, she smiled and gave me a kiss on the lips and we talked about work and everything else. Later that night, she asked me if I wanted to go out with her and I said of course and we decided to go to the movies. My fiance was insistant of coming with us, so we had to let him. At 7:30, we went to the movies and later that night my fiance wanted to make love, but I told him that I was extremely tired from the long day that we had at work and he understood. 

The next day, I left for work and so did my fiance and my mother in law was home alone. That night, my fiance took us out and wanted to be with us and my mother in law and I couldn't make love. When my fiance told us that he was off Saturday and that he wanted to take us shoping downtown, I was growing very frustrated with him and that he seemed to be there and that she and I couldn't make love! I knew that he did not work Sunday and she was due to leave Tuesday, but around 6pm that Saturday, one of my fiance's law partners called him to say that their clients had been arrested in Milwaukee and that they needed to travel there to get him out of jail, my mother in law and I looked at each other and smiled when my fiance broke the news to us, he stated that he would be gone probably until late evening, that his law partner was picking him up in an hour and he left us the keys to his BMW and told us to paint the town while he's gone and that he was upset that he couldn't spend time with us, she and I told him that that was fine, that we would be okay, I took the keys and I placed them into my purse. After my fiance left in his law partner's Lexus, she and I started french kissing and she told me how she couldn't wait to "taste" me again! 

With that, she lifted up my shirt and put her mouth on my tits! I started moaning and rubbing her tits. She sucked again and breastmilk oozed out of my right tit and she fondled my left tit. When she was finsihed with my right breast, she sucked my left breast and when she was full of my breastmilk, I sucked her breasts and this time I made breastmilk come out of her tits and she moaned and rubbed my back! I drank her breastmilk from both of her breasts and when I was done, she laid me on the floor and licked my pussy, this time she licked it and made me cum about 7 times! After she made me cum, she sat on the edge of the sofa and asked me how did it feel. 

I answered that it was the best sex that I have ever had and with that, I put my finger in her pussy and when she laid down to let me finger her, I went down on her! This was my first time eating a woman out and she was so tasty! I made her cum about 10 times. When we were through, we cuddled in the living room and watched TV together. She told me that she had not had sex in a long time and she was happy that I was seeing her son and that I was now her lover as well. We kissed and rubbed each other and fell asleep about midnight. 

My mother in law decided to stay with us until the following week because my fiance had to go to a law convention in Minnesota on that Thursday and I was off Thursday, Friday and the weekend. In the morning, she woke him up at 5AM and made him a big breakfast and at 7, I woke up and ate. We took him to catch is plane at 11 and on our way back, we stopped at a park and kissed and fondled each other. 

My mother in law smiled and me and asked me if I wanted to take her breastmilk again and I said yeah. She said first she had to taste mine and I lifted up my shirt and she latched on just like a baby. She drank my milk for about 10 minutes and said that she was horny, that we had to get back home before she explodes! I drove home as fast as I could and we went right to work, she drank the milk from my other breast and I drank hers, this time she wanted me to drink it like I was a baby and I laid across her lap and drank her milk from both of her breasts and she did the same to me. When she was empty, she laid on top of me and massaged my entire body and then she licked me from head to toe! I moaned and told her that I didn't want her to stop and she told me I was the best that she ever tasted and she put her face between my legs and went down on me. 

She licked my slit and my butthole. She said that she wanted me to sit on her face and I did and she went down on me again. After I came, I turned around to face her slit and we did the 69 position, she used her tongue to fuck me like a cock and I did the same to her, we both had orgasms at the same time and we did it all over again until we both had orgasms. The entire time that she was there and my fiance was away, we decided to sleep in the same bed together and we make love every night.