 The two girls head off for the shower, leaving me lying on the bed totally satisfied with the wonderful experience that I had just participated in. As I lie there dosing I can hear the running water and the girls giggling like little school kids in the bathroom. I wonder what they are up to? Has Jane accepted Lucy as a lesbian lover after all? I drift off to sleep naked on top of our bed, the remains of the cut gift ribbon still attached to the bed all around me.

Jane pulls back the shower curtain and checks that the water is running warm before stepping over the side of the bath and under the jet of water that's cascading down from the showerhead. Lucy watches her workmate's naked body, eyes traveling from her firm breasts crested with large brown nipples, down to her firm arse as Jane turns her back on her, allowing the water to flow over her ample chest. 

Still unsure as to Jane's feelings about her, Lucy wonders if she should join her workmate in the shower, pondering the question in her mind she licks her lips and can still taste the fresh cum in her mouth. She still feels really horny, should she return to the bedroom to service Jane's hubby or join Jane in the shower?

Reaching down between her own legs she allows her forefinger to find the moist entrance of her pussy, easily her finger slips inside her lips as her own juices flow freely down her thigh, her mind is made up! She needs to freshen up anyway so the shower wins as her favored option.

Jane is unaware that Lucy has joined her, as she reaches up to wash her short blond hair. Working the shampoo into lather, the suds running down her face into her eyes, cascading down over her ample breasts. Jane jumps as she feels someone reach past her to grab the orange scented shower gel, from where it hangs upon the hook on the metal tube that supports the showerhead.

She can feel nipples grazing her back, as she can't open her eyes due to the soap! She wonders who has joined her? The arms reach around her and she can feel someone began to lather her breasts with smooth suds of shower gel, is it her hubby or is it that Lucy bitch again? Jane tilts her head back leaning against the mystery person, placing her hands over the ones now teasing her breasts, directing them to her erect nipples, she thinks she can feel manicured finger nails; but as her hands are pushed away, her curiosity is confirmed as it is Lucy's voice that instructs her to place her palms on the tiled wall in front of her. 

Lucy's hands now continue to roam gliding freely over the front of Jane's chest and stomach. Jane can feel Lucy's hardening nipples as her tits gently slide across her back. Jane arches her back, urging Lucy to caress her hardening nipples more, as she pushes her bottom firmly backward against Lucy's groin. Jane can feel the silky suds of soap as Lucy moves her hands gently over her breasts. Creating lazy circles with the palms of her hands. Lucy allows one hand to trace its way down Jane's tummy over her pubic bone allowing her index finger to reach in between her awaiting pussy lips. Jane lets out a small gasp as the tip of a finger finds her exposed clit. 

Continuing to tease Jane's tits Lucy lightly pulls each nipple in turn before squirting a little more gel into her hand, rubbing them together, allowing the soap to lather up in front of Jane's face. Jane watches as the shower gel is replaced, again hanging from the cradle under the showerhead. Lucy's hands disappear from view, then quickly before Jane realises what's going on Lucy pushes her left middle finger deep into Jane's arse. 

Jane sucks in her breath as her knees buckle. Lucy cups the front of her body with her right hand pushing a couple these fingers deep inside of Jane's wet cunt, holding her steady, as she removes her finger, and pulls her arse cheeks apart, Jane can again feel the tip of Lucy's fingers playing at the entrance of her soapy arse. Rendered powerless by the sensation Jane finds herself begging for more. Forgetting that this is a woman who is teasing her body, and a workmate at that! 

It now that Lucy spots the cabinet upon the wall and slides open the mirror door, her eyes light up when she sees that Jane has a Vibro hidden away in her side of the cabinet, she grabs it and quickly offers it up to Jane's little brown hole, the opening is tight, but the soap soon allows the hard latex toy to glide inside. She begins to pump it in and out of Jane's body. With each slow thrust, it invades Jane's arse, deeper and deeper, as fingers on her other hand find Jane's clit, and begin moving in slow seductive teasing circles. 

Jane's head is thrown back now and she is moaning with uncontrolled passion. With another push, Lucy buries the toy completely inside her arse. Jane can feel Lucy's hand against her bottom as she turns up the speed controller, holding the latex cock tightly inside her, whilst leaning forward to kiss her neck. Her tongue feeling soft as the Vibro throbs deep inside her arse. Lucy's other hand again finds Jane's swollen clit with her index finger, skillfully massaging it. Jane's body responding of it's own accord; her hips began to move in that timeless rhythm. Her cries becoming louder as she moves back and forth on the solid latex cock held firmly in place by Lucy. Clenching her teeth and biting her bottom lip she moans out loud as her body tenses with pleasure, both girls can feel Jane's entire body shake as her orgasm builds deep inside her.

Lucy drops to her knees sliding forward between Jane's Legs as best the confined space of the bath will allow, Jane relaxes, spreading her legs wider, Lucy's fingers now probing her pussy, then sliding deeper inside, the Vibro is slowly withdrawn, Lucy wanking it with her soapy hand before concentrating it's use to tease Jane's clit, before finally replacing it with her mouth. It was to much, Jane can no longer control herself as Lucy's tongue expertly flicked from her soaking slit onto her clit, she explodes in a knee trembling climax, Lucy greedily laps it up, swallowing Jane's juices as she again gently massages the Vibro in and out of Jane's arse. 

Jane falls forward onto the cool tiled wall trying to catch her breath as Lucy slowly withdraws the Latex intruder from her arse, the warm water still flowing down her back and running down between the cheeks of her arse. Lucy stands up and again reaches for the shower gel flicking open the top spraying the orange scented soap all over Jane's bum and up her back as if she had just climaxed like a male lover. Gently Lucy massages the soap all over, her hands roaming up from Jane's buttocks to her shoulders. Every now and then Lucy's rock hard nipples graze Jane's slippery flesh. Jane turns to face Lucy, the two girls embrace, their naked breasts mingle together, as their mouths meet each girl trying to push their own tongue down the others throat as Jane now seems to have fully accepted her bi sexuality. Giggling the two girls enjoy washing each other bodies paying particular attention to the more personal areas as Jane plots her revenge on her hubby as they finish their shower together.

I am fast asleep when the girls dressed only in towels appear in the doorway to the bedroom blissfully unaware of their scheming, as each girl walks around either side of the bed up to the top. I can feel my hands being moved but dismiss it as dreaming, as the girls attach my wrists to the ribbons still left from earlier! I awake, but not soon enough as I feel my feet being pulled apart so that I am spread eagle on my back, unable to move, the girls tie my legs in place. Jane is rummaging in her bedside drawer looking for something, I realise what when a silk scarf is produced, which she fashions into an effective blindfold.

"Now you will have to guess which of us is doing what to you and if you get it wrong you will pay," Jane laughs as she says, "Its payback time" 

I feel one of the girls climb onto the bed about half way down one side, I wait holding my breath not knowing what to expect next. The mystery girl leans forward slowly, gently taking my semi hard cock into her mouth, her tongue flicking around my knob. My cock responds, twitching as my erection grows harder and harder until fully erect, attention is switched as she skillfully slides her tongue up and down my shaft, knowing full well the effect that it is having; I know it must be Lucy performing, as this is far better than any blowjob my wife had ever given me! 

The bed moves to my left as someone places a knee on the mattress near my head then I feel a leg being lifted over my body as the second girl sits astride my chest. I can feel the warmth from her pussy and smell the fresh scent of oranges from her freshly washed body as she starts shuffling back up my body until her knees are either side of my head. I await her next move, my breathing quickening, my cock rock hard now as it slides in and out of the mystery mouth, which was swallowing me deeper and deeper down her throat each time.

Slowly the girl above my head lowers her pussy to my face rubbing her dripping slit up and down my nose before fully offering her pussy to my lips, her arsehole hovering above nose making me realise that she is facing toward the owner of the mouth who is so expertly sucking my cock. I allow my tongue to part her lips, tasting the juice freely flowing from her most private region, I now know it is my Wife without question, which confirms that it is Lucy doing such as expert job on my cock. Jane hovers above my face her pussy almost but not quite out of reach from my tongue, I want to grab her hips and pull her down onto my face but alas my hands are tied fast.

Teasingly she lowers herself, allowing me to lick her clit before she rises up again just out of my reach.

"Is this what you want?" 

Teasing me again as her pussy makes full contact with my lips but this time my nose was pushed hard against her arse, I try to lick her slit but can not breath, I try to turn my head to the side to catch a breath but she just lowers herself harder onto my face.

"Eat me or suffocate," she commands 

I try to do as she commands, my tongue flicking in and out of my wife's juicy slit as she leans forward presenting with me with better access to her clit, but more importantly allowing me to catch a much needed breath as her arse cheeks lift up just enough to allow my nose access to gain to the air my body so desperately needs. 

Lucy is doing an excellent job, deep throating my knob as her nimble fingers play gently with my balls.

"Don't you dare let him climax before me?" Jane snaps at her new lesbian friend. 

Lucy looks up and winks back at Jane aware that even if my wife had not been sitting on my face, that the blindfold would have prevented me from seeing her reply.

I am so close now and Lucy must be aware of it, as she has stopped. I can feel movement upon the bed but instead try to concentrate upon my task of servicing the sweet tasting pussy that is now heavily leaking juices of appreciation into my awaiting mouth. I however cannot help but wonder what was Lucy is now up to? She answered my curiosity soon enough sitting astride my lower body and slowly rubbing her own soaking pussy down my tummy towards my cock which is now standing firm like a flag pole awaiting it's flag. 

Jane must be watching Lucy with anticipation because as soon as I feel the warm folds of Lucy's pussy lips hovering above my knob, lightly brushing it, teasing me more and more with every slight movement as my mind begs her to impale herself, Jane climaxes. A big one, her whole body shaking, unable to support herself on her legs, letting her full weight bury my head into the mattress. Her climax gushing from her pussy like a waterfall as I lap it up fast, swallowing quickly to prevent drowning in pussy juice, my tongue fucking in and out of her lips, deep inside her milking every last drop of her sex nectar my nose almost penetrating her arsehole. 

Lucy choose the same moment to impale herself on my flagpole before bouncing back up again as if in pain as my rock hard member stabs deep inside her, It cant have hurt that much as she lowers herself again before beginning to bounce up and down, I can feel my thrusts starting to get faster and deeper as her pussy envelops me, her muscles holding my cock tightly like a vice. Jane's orgasm has subsided a little but she remains on the brink of another one. The shaft of my cock slides repeatedly over Lucy's clit, teasing her with every movement. I can feel my own climax building deep inside me and Lucy must have sensed it also, as she calls out to Jane to be ready, what had these two got planned now?

My wife's pussy, already aflame, explodes into a second orgasm. Waves upon waves of sensation washing over her, she cannot move, helpless to resist the ecstasy that her own body is giving her, helpless to defend herself from my tongues invasion as I bury it deep into her soaking slit. With another huge thrust deep into Lucy I can feel my climax nearing Lucy realises its time and jumps off my cock calling to Jane, "Now! It's time"

My wife leans forward taking my cock into her mouth as my hot jet of spunk fills her. Her own juices freely flowing into my mouth, I can feel the tip of my penis swollen, engorged still within Jane, who is now sliding it in and out of her mouth more gently. I am surprised, as I know my wife does not like to swallow. I feel my blindfold being removed and my head being clamped hard between two hands, Lucy's hands, I cant turn to my left or right as I feel my wife slowly draw her head up from my loins, she is smiling as she approaches my face with her own lowering her lips to mine, probing my lips with her tongue. As I open my mouth to kiss her she allows the contents of her mouth to empty into mine, my own spunk filling my mouth I start to gag trying to spit it out but Jane holds my jaw shut and pinches my nose. "Swallow, its payback time" she says with an evil glint in her eye, I have no choice!

"My turn!" Lucy says, jumping onto the bed her knees either side on my head.

Her pussy descending towards my mouth wet with anticipation, as she is the only member of the threesome still to climax properly, my tongue parts her lips and slips deep inside, she tastes great, Lucy lets out a big moan, grinding her pussy hard into my face. She Is facing toward me her clit rubbing against my nose I look up at her magnificent breasts heaving above my head, her nipples are fully erect as I watch her pulling and twisting at them with her fingers. 

Jane has headed for my semi limp dick, mumbling to her self as to what good it is. I hear Jane rummaging in my bedside draw and realise what she has found as I feel the cord being placed around the base of my shaft. Jane loves to do this as it makes my cock really thick and firm. Jane must really want me hard, as she has never tied the cord so tight before, the fact that Lucy's pussy is now in my mouth and Jane's mouth has now enveloped my cock again is causing my erection to return very quickly. I can feel the blood pumping in, the tight cord allowing no escape, my shaft is swelling and my knob is throbbing so much I can feel my pulse as Jane's tongue flicks across it.

Lucy is now grinding her pussy hard into my mouth, Jane raises her head before descending down onto my cock taking it so deep that she almost chokes, I can feel her gag as my knob hits the back of her throat. I force my tongue as deep as I can in to Lucy's sopping pussy, and she moans with delight as a mini orgasm grips her body, she tenses all over as I drink her little climax. 

Jane has switched positions now and is hovering above my throbbing cock, as she lowers herself onto my cock head her lips spread apart, she gasps as I enter her wet pussy, normally it just slides in easily but today it is stretching her wider than ever before! My cock feels like it is about to explode with the pressure of Jane's tight pussy as it contracts around it. Slowly Jane rises upwards again, her slippery pussy glides up over my throbbing knob reducing the pressure momentarily before rapidly descending in a swift motion burring my cock to the hilt deep inside her, it must have felt as good to her as it did to me as she also had a mini climax creaming all over my cock and leaking out all over my balls. Jane almost fainted with pleasure; each lowering bringing a louder moan from my wife whose body was alive with passion, from the feeling of my monstrous member.

Lucy Turned to face Jane, again offering me her pussy to eat as she leaned forward to embrace my wife. The two girls lips met in a passionate kiss as both started fondling with the others nipples, tweaking, twisting and pulling Jane was moaning very loudly as she bounced up and down on my cock. I can feel that I am so close so I step up my attention on Lucy's clit in an effort to achieve a triangular climax. We are now all so aroused that if one cum's we will all cum. Lucy made the first move she could not handle the fact that I am now gently chewing her clit coupled with Jane fondling her breasts while kissing her. 

The floodgates just open her orgasm running out of her as if she had turned on a tap, as I drink this sexy lady dry I shot my own load of spunk deep into my wife, which was all it takes to tip her over the edge as she climaxes in unison. We have achieved it, a three-way climax with all parties satisfied. The girls are still hugging and kissing before climbing off the bed and me to head for the shower again. Unable to follow as still tied in place I call after them to untie me, but Jane just shouts back, "we will when we are ready, maybe it will teach you a lesson!"