 Gina opened the door at the first knock to find Lauren standing there with an indignant and angry look on her face.

"Where did you get those pictures?" she demanded, "I want all of them, right now, and I want them erased from your camera."

"Now, now," said Gina, still smiling broadly, "You're not really in any position to be making demands. I have a whole batch of them ready to be sent your mom and your dad's emails, they'll be sent in exactly two hours unless I cancel it. So you've got two hours to make me think it's worth canceling."

Lauren's face went very pale. "What do you want?" she whispered.

"Come on in," Gina's smile got even bigger as she opened the door.

****************************

About 20 minutes later they were both naked and laying on Gina's bed, Lauren's face was bright red with embarrassment as her mouth was latched on Gina's nipple. 

"That's it, suck it harder," Gina moaned, her hands wound about Lauren's head as she held it to her tit. Although Lauren wasn't very skilled or enthusiastic, just the power over her that Gina had was making her feel good, "Use your teeth, but gently." Very gently she could feel Lauren's teeth nibbling on her nipple, and she sucked in her breath with pleasure. "Now the other one."

Lauren's complete embarrassment and lack of enjoyment just made it even better, because it was obvious that this really was punishment for her. Well, she deserved every minute of it. When both of Gina's nipples were pink and aching and it felt like her pussy was actually dripping, she pressed Lauren's unwilling head down there.

"Lick me," she hissed, holding the girl's head between her thighs at level with her pussy. Unwillingly, Lauren's tongue flicked out. Gina sighed with pleasure as she pulled the girl into her cunt, feeling the slight struggle and the resignation. For her part, Lauren was conflicted. Touching another girl's body wasn't as awful as she'd thought it would be, and Gina's pussy actually tasted kind of good. She was starting to feel horny herself... but she wasn't at all happy with the situation or the circumstances in which this was happening, and Gina was most certainly not the girl that she would have chosen to experiment with. Who knew where the pussy in front of her had been, there had been plenty of rumors going around on the trip to Europe about all those hours that Gina disappeared for.

Carefully she licked around the outside of Gina's pussy, slowly working her way inwards. Gina cooed and writhed with pleasure as Lauren's tongue took its first long swipe up the center of her slit. Licking steadily, even managed to stiffen her tongue and push it into Gina's actual pussy hole, making the girl moan with excitement. 

"Put two fingers in me," Gina demanded. Hesitantly, Lauren obeyed. She'd never even put her fingers into her own pussy, she'd always used some kind of toy. It was squishy and warm, everything was very soft but kind of ridged too, it felt like flexible walls were pressing onto her fingers from every side. Licking around the hole that her fingers had entered, she wondered what it would be like to have Gina eat her out.

Gina was moaning and heaving now, "Suck my clit," she said breathlessly, "I'm so close..."

Obligingly, Lauren sucked the small button into her mouth, nibbling gently as she had with Gina's nipples. The girl let out a high-pitched whining noise, and then began shouting obscenities as she came, her juices coating Lauren's fingers. 

As her breath began to return to normal she ordered the girl between her thighs, "Clean me up." And Lauren did, licking all the juices off her thighs.

As soon as she was done she practically growled, "Can I have the pictures now? And will you delete the email?"

Gina laughed and looked at the clock, "Oh honey, we've only been at this about thirty-five minutes... you don't really think I'm satisfied yet, do you?"

Feeling a trickle of fear through her arousal, Lauren sat back. Gina smiled at her and got up, turning so that she was on all fours in a mimicry of Lauren's position with her step-father. Spreading her creamy ass cheeks to the girl behind her, she demanded, "Rim me now."

"Gina!" Lauren was shocked, she'd always found anal to be particularly repugnant... and Gina wanted her to put her MOUTH there?

One hard look back over the girl's shoulder her had her swallowing her distaste. Slowly she got into position, putting her own hands on Gina's firm buttocks. Closing her eyes, she leaned forward with her tongue. It was musky, not unpleasant though. Definitely not as bad as she'd thought it would be. Gina moaned and humped her ass up and down on Lauren's mouth, enjoying the feel of the soft tongue on her sensitive nerves. 

She wasn't going to cum from that though and she knew it. Enjoying herself for about 10 minutes while Lauren tongued and sucked on her asshole, she then got up and tied the other girl face down on the bed. 

"What are you doing?" asked Lauren, worried.

"Well, you seemed to like being spanked so much, I figured I should punish you for being a bad girl too.... but first things first." She stuck a ball-gag into Lauren's mouth, "We can't have you making too much noise!" Lauren struggled against her bonds, trying to keep Gina from fastening the gag around her head, but it was no use. Now she was tied face-down on the girl's bed, with her ass high in the air since there were 3 pillows stacked under her hips, and she couldn't even scream.

THWACK!

A muffled yelp. 

THWACK!

Gina hummed to herself as she turned Lauren's ass red with a paddle, really laying into the girl. With luck, she wouldn't even be able to sit down tomorrow. As soon as the girl's ass was bright red and she was streaming tears down her face, Gina got between her legs.

Expertly she swirled her tongue around Lauren's pussy, licking up the surprising wetness that had gathered there during her spanking. "Mmmm, liked that did we?" Gina was murmuring into the girl's pussy, making her writhe with the pleasant vibrations of her voice. Lauren was in heaven, she'd never been eaten out by another girl before, and even though her ass was still stinging it felt wonderful... she had so much sexual energy pent up right now that she was happy to have any stimulation... especially from someone as skilled as Gina.

Wriggling her tongue inside Lauren's cunt, Gina pressed two fingers into the girl's pussy hole and then removed them and started working them into her ass. Lauren tried to struggle and scream again, but the fingers invaded all the same. Fortunately, it wasn't too painful for her since there was plenty of pleasure coming from her pussy. Gina started pumping her fingers in and out of Lauren's ass as she sucked the girl's clit into her mouth. Popping it and out from between her lips, she massaged it with her tongue and mouth, using suction and the release to stimulate her.

Despite the discomfort of having something in her ass, Lauren was moving very quickly to orgasm, she screamed behind the gag as she came, humping back against the fingers in her ass and Gina's mouth. She was well rewarded, Gina bit down on her clit and nibbled, extending and heightening her orgasm. 

Finally she lay on the bed, tired and yet strangely fulfilled. From where her head was placed, she could see that Gina still had an hour left. What on earth could she still do to her?

The knock on the door made Gina grin at Lauren's panicked face.

"Gee," she said mockingly, "I wonder who that could be... guess you're about to find out!"

Lauren screamed into the gag and started struggling again.