 In the week following my wild camping weekend all I could think about was Gina's offer. For some reason, I had always viewed two women together as repulsive but I just couldn't get the thought of how wet I got when Gina was sucking my tits out of my mind. I was still confused about my feelings when watching Bill with Gina and was sure that I could not handle seeing that again but I also knew that Bill would love seeing Gina and I together. 

When Bill got home from work, we sat down and discussed the possibilities of Gina and I making it and Bill was very excited. I tried to explain my feelings about him with other women and he said he understood completely. "Why don't you and Gina just get together by yourselves the first couple of times" he said. He looked at me with a smile on his face and said "Then if things go well for you two, maybe you can involve Bob first and maybe I could watch.”

“Aren't you the least bit jealous watching me fuck someone else?" I inquired. "Of course not honey" he replied, "I know that our love is strong and I don't feel at all threatened by watching you get fucked. In fact, it really turns me on."

He really wanted me to call Gina, so I picked up the phone and dialed her number. She answere the phone and I said "Hey girl, does that offer of teaching me how to make love to you still stand?”

“Yes, yes" she screamed. "That is all I have been thinking about since we got home.”

“I'm so glad you called, when would you like to start?" I thought for a moment and said "Well since it is too late tonight, how about I come over after work tomorrow night?”

“Great!" she replied. "Bob will be playing poker at some friends house and we can have the place all to ourselves.”

“If you have any favorite toys, bring them along" she added.

I said goodbye and hung up. I couldn't believe how turned on I was already. Just thinking about it had my pussy soaking wet. I looked at Bill and told him how horny I was and that we needed to fuck right now. We hurried to the bedroom and fucked for two hours before falling asleep in each other's arms. That night, I dreamed of what would happen with Gina and when I woke in the morning, my pussy was still soaked and full of Bill's cum. I showered and headed for work with great anticipation of this evening events.

Five o'clock couldn't get there fast enough and when it finally did, I hurried home, still thinking about Gina. I took a long hot bath, shaved my legs and pussy, put on my sexiest underwear and packed up two of my favorite toys. One toy was a long but thin vibrator and the other was an average size, life-like dildo. As I drove to Gina's, I was a little nervous but very excited. I pulled in the driveway just as Bob was leaving. He smiled and told me to have a good time. "I'm counting on it" I replied as I waved goodbye.

Gina met me at the door and we were no sooner inside when she pulled me to her and kissed me deeply. I opened my mouth to let her tongue explore me and I melted in her arms. I still can't believe how much this turned me on but I was not going to fight these feelings. Gina was now attacking me like a mad woman, almost ripping my top to get it off. When it was removed, she lowered he mouth to my tits and started alternately sucking one while pinching the other. I came in just a few minutes, my knees buckling beneath me. "We need to lay down somewhere" I moaned. Gina agreed and led me to the bedroom where she had candles lit and adorning the room. "I have been waiting for this all day" she said. "Me too" I moaned as she continued to play with my tits.


"Where did you learn to make love to women?" I asked. "A few years ago, my cousin and I were playing and began exploring each other. One thing lead to another and the next thing I knew, we were between each other legs" she replied. "It was something that I knew would continue forevere" she said. "Don't get me wrong, I love a nice fat cock but sometimes the gentle touch of woman is what I really need and this is one of those times." She looked me straight in the eye and said "From the moment I say you undress during the card game this weekend, I knew I had to have you. You are beautiful and I want to teach you."

She pushed me back on the bed and began removing my jeans. My underwear was soaked and she quickly removed and discarded them. She then stood and start undressing, releasing her huge tits from confinement. Even though they were big, they didn't sag at all and I told her how much I envied her tits. "Honey, you have perfect tits. Be glad that you don't have big ones like mine" she stated. "Sure it most guys go crazy over them but they get in the way and are hard to deal with at times." She finished removing her clothes and as she stood there, towering above me, I noticed for the first time that her pussy was bald too. "Have you ever touched a woman sexually?" she asked. "Never" I responded. "Then lay back and enjoy what I do" she said. "Take notes too because you will be returning the favor in a little while" she said while a big grin on her face.

She laid down beside me and began kissing me again. After just a few kisses, she started playing with my nipples and then began licking her way dowm my body until her mouth began sucking on my tits. She would lick one nipple while gently pinching the other, then switch to the other, alternating back and forth. My juices were flowing and I could feel the dampness on the bed each time I tense up and came. She then moved her hand to my smooth pussy and started playing with my clit. I came at the first touch and squealed a little when I did. "I like that" she said. "Let's me know that you are enjoying it.”

“Be as vocal as you like sweetie because I guarantee that I will be" she laughed.

She began working her way down toward my pussy, licking every inch of my tummy as she went. I could feel her hot breath on my pussy when she unexpectedly shoved two fingers in my pussy. Her fingers easily enter me but I was surprised and jumped a little. "Did I hurt you?" she asked. "Nooooooooo" I moaned. "Give me more!" I moaned. "I am yours tonight. I want to be your slut so do anything you like. I am so hot!" I moaned again as she pumped her fingers into me. She lowered he mouth and I felt her tongue touch my clit for the first time. I can't explain the feeling but I came immediately and was soon begging her not to stop. I don't know how much experience this girl had with other women but she was a pro as far as I was concerned. I thought Bill was the best pussy eater I had ever known but Gina was now at the top of the list.

As she continued to eat me, she added another finger and was now pumping three fingers into my pussy. "I can't believe how hot and wet you are" Gina moaned. "Do you want me to fill your pussy? I have three fingers there now and it seems that there is room for more.”

“Yesssss" I screamed. "Do whatever you want baby! I am so hot for you and want to please you. Gina looked up at me and smiled, then said "Hold on sweetie, you are in for the ride of your life." I had no idea what she meant but was sure I was going to find out......and even enjoy it. I then felt her add another finger and she was now easily pumping all four of her fingers into my dripping pussy. I felt full and her fingers were going deep into me and I could feel her moving her fingers inside of me. She once again began attacking my clit with her tongue and I was now cumming almost continuously. 

I thought I heard her mumble something like "hold on" but before I could ask her to repeat it, I felt her almost remove her hand from my pussy the push back again. This time though, I felt pressure that I hadn't felt before. I couldn't figure out what she was doing and was about to ask when the pressure increased and I jumped a little. "This may be a little uncomfortable at first, but stay with me because it will be the great thing you have ever experienced" Gina said. Still not know what was happening, I got a little concerned because I was definitely not into pain. I felt the pressure on my pussy continue to increase and then I realized what she was doing. I could feel her hand getting thicker and could feel what I thought were her knuckles at the entrance to my hole. I moaned as the pressure increased and began to feel a little discomfort as she pushed forward. There was not any real pain, as she tried to push her hand into my pussy which really surprised me. Bob's cock was the biggest thing that I had ever had and while it was big, it was not near as big as the hand that was now invading my hole.

"Relax" she said, "Almost there, and then the fun starts". Just as she got that out, I felt my pussy open wider that ever before and her whole hand entered my hot hole. Once he hand passed through the opening, the discomfort subsided and I could feel her hand moving deeper into me. Gina wasn't kidding. The feeling was great! I had never felt so full in my life and it was a wonderful feeling. "Are you with me?" she asked. "Oh yessssss" I moaned. "Fuck me with your hand! I can feel you so deep and it is wonderful" I looked into her eyes and she smiled at me and said "I knew you would like this when I saw how wild you got when Bob fucked you". "Are you ready for some real fucking?" she asked. "I told you that I am your slut! Fuck meeeeeeeee" I begged. 

Gina was now driving her hand deep into my pussy and I could feel it hitting bottom each time. She would pull her arm out of me until the thick part of her hand was at the entrance and them ram it back in as deep as it would go. I was cumming continuously again and soon started feeling light headed.

That was all I remembered until I woke up about 20 minutes later with Gina wiping me off with a damp cloth. I looked up at her and she smiled and said "Welcome back. How did you like your first lesson?”

“Gina" I said. "I never thought that I would ever say this to another woman but I love you.”

“You made me feel things that I never thought were possible and I can't wait to make you feel the same way.”

“Not tonight darling" she said. "You have had one hell of an evening and I really don't think that you are up to it now. I want you to be 100 percent when you do me." She looked me straight in the eye and asked "What are you doing tomorrow evening?"

To Be Continued... 