 When I got home from Gina's, Bill was asking all kinds of questions about what had happened. He could see the glow on my face, knew that I enjoyed it, and was impatiently waiting for me to tell him about it. I told him that he was in for a surprise and started describing in detail how the evening went. He could not believe that Gina had gotten her whole hand in my pussy, and quite frankly, neither could I. Bill was hard as a rock and wanted to fuck right then and there but I told him that I was too sore and tired and that if he gave me a rain check, I would make it worth his while. He reluctantly agreed and we went to bed.

The next day, all I could think about was Gina and how she had made me feel. I couldn't wait to talk to her and see if we could get together again tonight. I called her at work and since we were both rather busy, we made the date for this evening. After dinner, I told Bill where I was going and with a grin on his face he said "Sure wish I could watch, but I will settle for the story in detail". "Have a great time" he quipped. With that, I was quickly out the door.

When I arrived at Gina's, she told me that Bob would be home this evening but that we had the bedroom to ourselves. "Are you ready for lesson number two" she asked. I was more than ready and took her by the hand and led her to the bedroom. "I want to make you feel as good as you made me feel last night" I explained. "Honey, I know you will" she said with a smile. With that she leaned over and kissed me deeply, our tongues exploring each other's mouths. Soon we were both naked and kissing on the bed and she lightly pushed my head down toward her chest. I took the hint and moved down taking a nipple in my mouth. I sucked her nipple and lightly pinched the other, making her moan with approval. After spending about ten minutes sucking her tits, I moved slowly downward, kissing her every inch of the way. When I reached her smooth pussy, I spread her lips with my fingers and exposed her clit. I was surprised at how large it was......much larger than mine. I touched it with my finger and almost made her jump off the bed. "Easy baby" she said. "My clit is super sensitive as you will see. Please lick it and make me cum. I need to cum so bad" she moaned. I moved into position and lightly flicked the tip of my tongue over he big clit. She jumped a little then reached down and pulled my head tightly to her pussy and begged me to make her cum. 

I really went to work on her clit, licking and then taking it into my mouth and sucking. She tasted so sweet and I wanted to make her cum hard. While sucking on her clit, I inserted a finger into her soaking wet pussy. "Oh yesssss!" she squealed. "Finger fuck me while you eat me". I knew then that I was starting to make her feel good and I added another finger and turned my hand palm up, searching for her G-spot. When I found it, she nearly jumped off the bed and I continued to massage the spot while eating her pussy. She started cumming and didn't seem to stop for five minutes. She finally begged me to stop for awhile so she could rest. I withdrew my fingers and moved up to kiss her. "Thank you! You learn fast" she said. 

We rested for about 10 minutes, talking about my new experiences. Why had I not done this before, I wondered. Gina opened her nightstand drawer and pulled out the biggest dildo I had ever seen. It was at least a foot long and wider than my wrist with balls at the end. She handed it to me and said "You made me feel great, but now I need to be fucked". I moved between her legs and kissed her pussy again. She was still soaking wet so I took the head of the dildo and placed the tip at the entrance to her pussy. I didn't see how that huge fake cock was going to fit in such a tiny hole but was reasonably sure that this wouldn't be the first time. I grabbed the dildo about halfway down and started pushing harder at her pussy. Surprisingly, the tip of the dildo slid in easily. I continued shoving on the tool and soon, all but about 2 inches were buried in her. "That feels soooo good" she moaned. "Now fuck me hard. Ram that thing into me like you want to hurt me".

I slowly withdrew the dildo until just the head remained inside and then with all my might, shoved in back into her as far as it would go. This time it sank in another inch. Gina moaned and asked for more so I repeated the motion several times, each time it seemed to sink in just a little further. Gina was now screaming with delight and begging me to fuck her. I kept slamming the fake cock into her as hard as I could and she kept begging for more. I saw her juices flowing around the dildo and running down her ass, then got an idea. I used my left hand and started to smear her pussy juice around her asshole. I then inserted a finger into her ass and she came immediately. "Do you like that?" I asked. "Oh yes" she moaned. "Finger fuck my ass".

I started moving my finger in and out of her ass, fucking her like she wanted. I then added another finger and soon another, stretching her ass further that I thought was possible with the big dildo in her pussy. Gina was going crazy with lust and screaming for me to fuck her harder. It became increasingly more difficult to concentrate on moving the dildo while I finger fucked her ass but I did my best. Gina was moving all over the bed and wildly bucking her hips to me my every thrust. Without warning, she bucked her whole body into the air except her heels and head and screamed "I'm cumming, I'm cumming so hard". Her whole body violently began to shake and I noticed additional wetness squirting out of her pussy around the fat dildo. This went on for a minute or so and then she just went limp. "Are you alright?" I asked. "Oh baby, that was the hardest I have cum in a long time. Thank you" she said. 

I kissed her deeply and asked if she wanted to rest before going again. "Honey, I can't go again. I am worn out but I think he can help" she said as she motioned toward the door. I turned around and there was Bob with a huge hardon, playing with himself. I knew that I had to have his cock deep inside me so I got up from the bed and walked over to him, taking his cock into my mouth.

To Be Continued...