 After high school ended my friends and I had little else to do but go out dancing and drinking and end up at one of our apartments to sleep in a heap on the living room floor with a Netflix show playing unnoticed in the back ground.

We were all single, the two of my friends were single by choice and I was not. They were both lesbians that had gotten together once when they were younger but had remained friends, but I was the victim of a cruel breakup from my boyfriend just days before graduation. 

Being with my two friends always made me feel slightly inadequate because they so easily exuded sexuality around me, whereas I felt embarrassed. 

I once was doing my makeup before going out when my friend, Shyloh walked up to me in just a pair of fishnets and posed with her hand on her hip. Her perky round breasts bounced as she tossed her long, black hair over her shoulder. "Think I can bring a girl home tonight?" she asked me, jokingly.

I was star struck by her incredible sexiness and immediately looked down at my hand mirror instead. I was greeted with my own shocked face. "Um, probably," I said. 

Shyloh walked over to where I sat in the kitchen chair and straddled my lap, facing me. He danced slowly with her hips gyrating and her body moving slowly up and down, like I was her carousel pony. "How about this, then?" 

My hands hovered, frozen, on either side of her beautiful frame. "Sure, Shyloh, now get off me, go get ready!" I said, trying to laugh butonly succeeded in blushing.

"I need a yes!" she said, tossing her hair back and arching her spine, forcing her perfect breasts mere inches from my face. I could lean forward and rub my cheeks on her softness, even kiss her nipples. I kept my eyes glued on the opposite wall, however. I didn't want to be inappropriate with my friend, I couldn't afford to lose her. 

"Yes," I said, finally forcing out a laugh. "Yes, you hottie, you can bring any girl home that you want."

"Mm!" she hummed happily. She continued sitting on my lap as she leaned over to the table and poured me a tequila shot from the bottle that was sitting beside my makeup. She poured one for herself and we clinked glasses before throwing the shots back. Her thighs were so soft and full, warm against mine. As I screwed up my face trying to get past the sharp taste of liquor, my hands took the chance to squeeze her legs, her skin was pleasantly interrupted by the fishnet material. 

Shyloh squealed at my touch and got up, going back to the bedroom to find her little black dress.

My other friend emerged, Justine, smiling at me. "Why are you blushing?" she asked. She fixed her bright blue hair and her large gold hoop earrings in the mirror beside the door. Her slim eyes glanced over her petite tan body. 

"I'm just blushing because Shyloh came in here topless," I said. 

"Not so Shy," Justine joked. 

"At least she's hot, it was a free show," I shrugged. 

"She really is," said Justine, looking back at me. "It took inner strength to not get into the shower with her just now."

Justine's words stuck with me the rest of the night. The fantasy of seeing Justine naked and soapy in the shower, pressed up against Shyloh's shapely body rattled in my head with every beat of the songs that played in the clubs and bars. We hopped from one location to the next, leaving as soon as people started to pay too much attention. Guys pushed up against Shy and Justine, and their faces with scrunch with disgust as a sign it was time to go. They humored guys who spoke to them politely at the bar, buying them cheap drinks and watching their chests despite their attempt at manners. I was bought drinks too, but the drinks seemed to flow more toward Shy and Justine after they turned down the guys because "We're only into girls, mister!" 

The men in the bar must have had the imagine of them showering together in their head as well. I couldn't blame them for finding them incredibly hot even after knowing they would never have them. 

By the end of the night, we stumbled into an Uber and took it back to Shyloh's house. We laughed too loudly and sang to the radio, surely annoying the driver. It was becoming harder not stop my hungry stares at my two friends as they fell onto eachother in laughter. My pussy felt hot, I couldn't wait until I could get enough privacy to rub myself and release the orgasms that were waiting just below the surface. 

I pressed my pussy into my hand discreetly and rubbed against myself ever so slightly. I lay my head back in happiness.

We arrived at the apartment and I was the first one into my nightshirt and clean panties, ready to slip under a blanket and pick up where I left off. 

The two girls joined me on the floor, piling up the pillows and covers and blankets. 

"I've never been so drunk," Justine laughed. "And I barely spent any money." 

"You lied to me," Shyloh said, leaning over my body and holding a pillow, as if threatening to smother me. 

I held my arms up. "No I didn't!" I protested drunkenly. 

"You said I was gonna bring home a girl!" she said, throwing the pillow beyond me in mock-frustration.

"You brought home meeee!" I squealed, holding my hands up to her and pulling her body down to mine. She was wearing a tank top and panties. The skin of our legs touched and I let my hips lift the tiniest bit to feel my crotch touch hers, satisfying my need to rub just a little. 

At this touch, Shyloh sighed deeply and happily and pushed herself into me more, rubbing back.

I gasped quietly, not knowing if we should even mention what our bodies were doing. I couldn't help a drunken giggle from slipping out, and the laughter only made my body shake more, rubbing into her again.

"Mm, I brought you home!" said Shyloh almost breathlessly. "You're hot so it counts."

Justine sat up to look at us. She was wearing a long sleeve hoodie similar to my pink sweatshirt. Her blue hair was up in a few braids and her thick lips curled into a modest smile when she saw Shyloh on top of me.

"Shyloh, you're going to make her blush even more," Justine said.

"She's not topless, I'll be okay," I joked. I didn't want Shyloh to move, I wanted to keep rubbing with her but she dismounted me, laughing and I felt incredibly stupid for saying anything at all.

Until, Shyloh reached up and peeled her tank top over her head, her breasts bouncing into view for the second time that night. "Blush, Iris! Bluuushhh!!" she cried, she stood on her knees and swayed side to side quickly in a silly, drunk dance. 

Justine stood on her knees beside Shyloh and put her hands on Shyloh's bare hips, making Shyloh's dance turn slow. She danced with her, their stomachs so close. 

I pretended to cover my eyes. "Stop it," I complained. 

"Blush, Iris!" they said in unison. They said it over and over as they danced sexily in front of me. Shyloh knelt over me and Justine followed. "I know you like it!" taunted Shyloh. 

"Justine, tell her to stop!" I whined, trying to roll over. Justine leaned down and took my hands and held them to the carpet. Then Shyloh bent down to me and put her lips on my neck, moving them slowly on my skin. I squirmed at first, but when her lips kept moving I realized she wasn't joking around. 

I moaned and looked up at Justine for help. "Okay, I'm blushing!" I said.

Shyloh's tongue emerged from her soft lips and licked in a warm line up the side of my neck, to my ear. There, she pressed her lips to me and said "Not yet." Her voice right in my ear made my back arch and I let out a sudden but soft gasp. 

Justine let go of my hands and lay next to me, looking at me. She leaned over and began to kiss the other side of my neck. Shyloh continued kissing and touching her tongue to my neck as well and my eyes closed from pure pleasure. My right hand slipped down and started to rub my pussy, I was just drunk enough not to care. If they were trying to turn me on, they should expect consequences after all.

Shyloh's hand joined mine and I moaned, pulling away out of surprise. "It's okay," she whispered in my ear.

Justine's hand joined in too. "It's okay to like girls," she said.

"I-I don't know," I said, trying to remember if I was all the way straight. I thought I was until now.

"Let's touch each other," said Justine. She put my hand on her underwear and her's on Shyloh's. Shyloh continued rubbing me. 

I felt curiously at the shape of Justine's pussy through the cotton of her panties. Her slit came all the way up on her front, I could feel its thin crease teasing my fingertips. I rubbed my fingers lower, feeling the dampness between her legs. I curled my finger into her slightly, feeling the fabric give way to the opening of her vagina. At this small guesture, Justine let out a louder moan. This moan seemed to trigger a deeper moan in Shyloh too. Justine must have been mimicking my hand motions. 

"We can kiss too," said Justine after her moan. "Let's be bad and kiss, it'll feel good." 

"Ahnn-I don't know-" I started.

Justine turned my face and that was all the convincing I needed. I reached out and let my lips touch hers. She started to kiss me slowly at first, and then passionately. Then we were tasting each other's tongues. I was sucking on hers and she was begging for mine and sucking it in return. Her tongue tasted so good. Like mint and warmth and the slight sweetness of flavored rum. I leaned to her and started to run my tongue over the delicate skin of her neck. Her skin tasted good too, my body tingled and I moved my body away from Shyloh so I could push myself into Justine. 

My drunken kisses with her felt like I was dipping in and out of a dream. It was like leaning back while on a swing. My hands touched her blindly, but softly. I felt up her shirt and touched her gorgeous small breasts. She moaned right into my ear and I pushed up her shirt so I could start kissing her bare chest. Justine lifted her leg to push against my pussy and moved my hips so I was grinding on her. 

We were moaning together when Shyloh said "No, me!" And grabbed my shoulder, forcing me to roll over and face her.

She was holding one of her large breasts up to me and forced my head inward so that my mouth closed around her nipple. 

Instinctively, I began to suck on her, letting my tongue stay on the surface of her skin. I didn't ever want to move it. I grabbed at her waist. 

"That's so good, good," moaned Shyloh.

"Damn," I heard Justine said. 

"Fuck me," sighed Shyloh. Justine groaned and moved me so she could get o Shyloh's waist. She pulled down her panties and buried her face into Shyloh's pussy.

"Fuck! Me!" repeated Shyloh. She removed me from her breast and moved me to the opposite breast, forcing me against her again. "Iris I need it, give it to me," she told me. 

My pussy was dripping. I grabbed one of Shyloh's hands and put it between my panties and my bare skin so that I had her to rub my clit against. Shyloh's fingers instinctively lay flat on the folds of my pussy, rubbing me confidently up and down. My body shuddered. "Oh my god, that feels so good," I said, mostly to myself. Shyloh forced me back down to suck on her a little longer.

"Come on hottie, say you want to cum and I'll make you cum," Shyloh said. She paused to moan and hold Justine's head while she moved her hips in a slow circle. She made a moan that sounded like a hurt cry. "Oh fuck Justine, you still got it," she breathed. 

Justine looked up and smiled before bowing her head again to Shy's pussy. I watched as Justine reached down to her own pussy and began to rub it furiously. I could hear her moans being muffled by Shyloh's body.

Shyloh moaned and then took my chin in her hand. "Do you want to cum too?"

"I think so," I giggled. My face was wet from my own drool that I had left all over her chest. A drunken wave went over me and I felt a little dizzy. 

"I need a yes," said Shyloh, looking into my eyes. 

Instead of saying yes, I stretched up and began to make out with Shyloh, holding her breasts in both my hands, feeling her hard nipples on my palms.

Shyloh's fingers then started rubbing my clit like she had been doing it for years. My body immediately started to shudder. I felt so naughty, I couldn't believe what I was doing and how bad it all was just made me press myself into Shyloh's fingers even harder. Shyloh continued to rub my clit with her pink and ring finger and she wet my middle and index finger with the wetness of my wanting slit. Then, as I felt my body about to break into a thousand orgasms, her two fingers slipped upwards into my vagina, fucking me as deep as she could. 

I couldn't hold back, especially now as Justine was also beginning to orgasm and her moans were filling the living room. The orgasm rippled through my muscles and my load moans of pleasure joined Justine's. Shyloh's back arched from the head she was receiving and her mouth dropped open in a silent scream. Her moans were the last to be released but were the loudest. I couldn't help but try and join our lips again so I could keep tasting her, but she was too out of breath to kiss. 

Instead, I lay beside Justine and kissed her, tasting Shyloh's pussy when I did so. 

"I want to eat you out next time," I told Justine, thinking of her sexy front slit. 

"Next sleepover," Justine said sweetly and turned over sleepily.

Shyloh fell asleep without ever opening her eyes post-orgasm.