 I'm Lara. My husband, Tom, is a photographer for a fashion magazine. On the odd occasion, a model will stay with us. I never really minded until he brought home Sarah. I wasn't afraid he would be unfaithful, that was never the issue, however, I found myself having new, strange feelings. She was around six foot and weighed no more than 120 pounds with small, perky breasts. She kept her red hair in a pony tail and had these green eyes I couldn't help but get lost in.

I was only an inch or two shorter than her with about five more pounds on her. My breasts were a little bigger and I wore my long brown hair with layers. I had been married a little over a year and I was satisfied with our sex life.

I have never been affected by a woman like this before. I was confused and didn't understand what was going on with me. I refused to accept that I was into her in a sexual way and tried to focus on anything but her.

Sarah almost drove me over the edge a few times by getting too close to me. She came behind me once when I was cooking dinner. She would wear these shirts that were so thin you could see the faint out line of her nipples. She had placed her hands upon my hips and rested her head on my shoulder while telling me it smelled good. I could feel her breasts pressing into my back. My heart nearly stopped beating and my body temperature began to rise. It felt so sensual and surreal. I unconsciously let a moan escape my lips.

I was embarrassed that I let it slip out and was glad she couldn't see my red face. I thought I would die from shame. I swear I could feel her nipples stiffening into my back after I moaned. Did it turn her on hearing me or was it my imagination? Before I could figure it out she was gone.

My heart sank when she pulled away from me. I wanted her hands to return back to their rightful place. I tried to snap out of this foolishness and avoid her but that didn't work. She always seemed to find a reason to touch me in such a sensual way that it left me in a state of hazed arousal. The caresses on my hand, pulling my hair away from my eyes as she spoke to me, and the way she would touch my ear when admiring the jewelry that was hanging from it.

I never wanted to do anything with a woman before and it scared me how much I wanted to feel her hands on me once again. I started to have dreams about her touching me and woke up in a cold sweat.

When the final day of the photo shoot had arrived, I was so relieved that it was about to be over with. I just have to get past the fashion party that night and she will be gone after the weekend. Friday never felt so good to me and the freedom that will soon come from it.

Tom was too busy at work and wouldn't be able to pick us up later. I only saw him once when he had to come by for his suit for tonight. That left me alone all day with Sarah and leaving me responsible for her. I didn't want to be alone with her for that long. I avoided her most of the day until it was time to leave. It was going smoothly until the time we needed to take a shower...

We only have one shower and we have to take turns using it. She insisted that I go first and without much thought I did. I was only in there for a few minutes and was lost in my thoughts. The sound of the shower door sliding open brought me back to reality. Hearing it close again made my heart freeze in terror and panic set in. I was too afraid to turn around and tried to get a hold of myself. I didn't need to hear her voice to know it was Sarah. She had this intoxicating perfume she wore and it was now filling the cubicle with its scent.

"We can save time by just showering together." I couldn't turn around with my feet frozen in place. Speaking would only betrayed what I was feeling at that moment. I wanted to see every shape and curve of her body. I knew if I got the chance I couldn't keep myself from staring. I was afraid if she knew she'd run away in disgust. The matter got worse when she started talking to me again.

"Let me get your back for you." I felt both fear and excitement run through me. I looked down as she applied the shower gel to my back and the sensation it caused when she started lathering it. Her touch was turning me on so much that I was trying to fight back the urge to moan. When her hands reached my lower back I lost that battle and let out a small moan. I was afraid she heard it but to my relief she seemed not to notice.

When her hands went even lower and started lathering my ass, I had to bite down on my lip to keep from moaning out again. I had a hard time trying to keep control over myself without a moment of peace. when she removed her hands to apply more gel I had only a brief moment to catch my breath before I felt her hands on my stomach. She stepped closer to me and I could feel her breasts pressing against my back.

Sarah slid one hand to my hip and started rubbing my belly with the other one. She moved it in a circular motion, slowly going down, and killing any resistance I had left. I knew whatever she did to me I wouldn't fight back. My body wanted her to keep going and to enter my wet pussy. Water wasn't the only thing that was running down my leg. Tom never made my body react in this way, nor did anyone else before.

My body had surrendered to her touches by spreading my legs apart to invite her to my throbbing clit. I didn't want this, but my body was in control. It didn't matter what my mind wanted. My body was stronger and telling me that I was going to get fucked, if I liked it or not. When her fingers brushed through my public hair I let out a low whimpering moan. When she removed her hand I felt flustered with the false anticipation of pleasure.

"It's your turn to do me," she replied cheerfully! I could feel her stepping back away from me. I was in such a state that I wanted to cry from the coming pleasure that was denied to me. Did I imagine what her intentions were or was it what my desire wanted it to mean?

I held my breath and turned around slowly. I could see her lovely back and watched as the water splashed against it. My eyes followed a drop of water that ran down and disappeared between her ass cheeks. Her ass had a beautiful round shape that I wanted to squeeze.

I heard her cough to get my attention. "You can start any time now," Sarah said, giggling. I grabbed the shower gel with fidgety hands. I started lathering her back and felt time stand still.

I was in a lustful daze and trying to hold back my desire. I wanted so much to lather her whole body and hoping this moment would never end. I told myself I would stop at her lower back but my hands had other ideas. I was too afraid to squeeze it but just let my bare hands wash over it. Her ass was tender but firm and felt great in my hands. I spend a little more time on it than she did mine.

It saddened me to think that nothing was going to happen beyond this. I was wrong in believing that she wanted to fuck me and was crazy for wanting it to happen. I was a married woman on the verge of cheating on my husband on something that was innocent. I stepped closer to get better access to her belly and pressed my breasts against her back. That was when I realized how hard my nipples really were.

They became so sensitive to the touch that I moaned out when they made contact. I knew she heard me with my lips only inches from her ear. She didn't seem to mind and I didn't give her time to reject. Placing my hands on her stomach, I copied what she did to me.

Sarah's belly was toned and rubbing it was a pleasure of its own. I was so caught up mimicking her actions, my hand went further than I meant it to go and my fingers entered her pussy. It was warm and wet. They were in and out a few times before she broke away and left me alone in the shower.

My lust had gotten the best of me and made me cross a line. I left the bathroom wearing only a towel and feeling depressed for making a fool of myself. I entered my bedroom, still feeling the overpowering lust of wanting Sarah. I was so out of control that I had pushed her away forever and wasn't sure if I could ever look into her face again. I heard her walk in behind me and I was about to tell her I was sorry.

"I am..." I was at a loss for words because of what I saw. Sarah was standing there naked with what I first thought was a dick between her legs. After the shock wore off I realized it was fake. I found out later she was wearing a strapless strap on that was made to look like a real penis. It was eight inches long with realistic veins popping out from it and was more impressive than Tom's dick. She was stroking it as she stared into my eyes and spoke in a voice that was soft and seductive.

"My dear girl, if you want me you must first prove yourself." I stood there in silence and watched her walk slowly to me. She stood only a foot from me and was still stroking her fake penis looking into my eyes. She snapped her fingers and pointed down. I didn't need anymore instruction to know what she wanted from me.

When I dropped to my knees, she gave me a "I own this bitch" smirk. She started tracing my lips with her dick and teasing me with it. I already knew where this was going and without any resistance I opened my lips. Pushing half of it into my mouth, I swallow the rest on my own.

It even felt and tasted like a real penis. She grabbed my hair and guided my head back and forth. I was on my knees in only a towel sucking off a fake cock. I couldn't believe that I was enjoying this as much as I was. Using her free hand Sarah pulled my towel off my body and I felt the cool air on my naked flesh. Being nude and sucking off a lesbian burned my body with more lust than the best fucking I ever got from my husband.

"You look better like this my dear and no beauty like yourself should ever cover up." I wasn't really into giving blow jobs before and only did it for Tom on special occasions. I was really getting into it and only stopping to play with the mushroom size head of her dick with my tongue. I started picking up speed to a fast pace. I had to hold on to her hips for balance and continue sucking her dick like it was the last cock on the planet. I would've gone on longer with my lust building but she told me to get on the bed.

I did as she demanded and was ready for what was to come next. Sarah pushed a switch where the balls should be and I heard a humming sound coming from it. She let out a low moan and climbed on top of me. I opened my legs hungrily for her. I began moaning as she entered my wet and swollen pussy. Putting all eight inches in me, I could feel my pussy tightening around it. My pussy had never been touched so deep.

We started kissing in this embrace for a few minutes before she started fucking me. I couldn't help but moan with each thrust of her pelvis. Slow at first to get the right rhythm going before she started fucking me like a beast. She pulled back from our kiss and pinned my arms down over my head. The moans that came from me were short but loud. My legs wrapped around her tightly as it hit me and I couldn't help but scream out. "Mmmm! Fuck meee.... yesss!"

The first orgasm was amazing but it was followed by a second one soon after. Wishing that I had done this sooner, I watched as she started to cum herself. This amazing toy had made both of us cum hard with a long thick cock in me and the vibrator part in her.

I quickly flipped her over and wasn't done being fucked by her yet. I gave her a kiss before riding her wildly and rotating my hips on her cock. Arching my back, I screamed out in pleasure. She grabbed both of my breasts as I continued riding her. I came harder than I ever did in my life and tilted my head back screaming into the air. "Fuuuck, oh god, oh god, oh goddd!"

I came so hard that I never heard her cumming as well. The look of ecstasy on her face told me she was coming down from another orgasm. I gave her a long embracing kiss and then rolled off of her. I felt like I just ran a marathon and could hardly breathe. I wanted to keep fucking this woman but my body couldn't hold out for much longer. I lay there covered in my sweat and drained of my strength.

"Damn girl! You are one of the best fucks that I ever had!"I just smiled knowing she had woken up a beast inside me and its hunger will never be satisfied. "I could tell you wanted this and I'm glad you could let your little lesbian side come out to play." She laughed at her joke.

"How could you tell? I was hiding my urges," I reply with bewilderment.

"An experienced lesbian knows the look of a woman wanting to fuck her and you had it all week long." She was right, even if I didn't want to admit it at the time. I told her I never did anything like this before. I asked her, "Can we do this again before you leave?" She laughed at that and said,"Yes!"

"We'll take a ride tomorrow to my beach house. I'll take you out to dinner and we can make love on the beach. Well as long Tom doesn't mind sharing you." I nearly forgot about him and knew what I did was wrong but it felt too good to stop.

I knew this would hurt him and I was going to keep it a secret from him long as I could. He wouldn't mind me having a girls night with her as long he doesn't realize I will be fucking her later.

Sarah pulled out her toy from her wet pussy and handed it to me. "A gift for being the best fuck I had all year. You may want to use it on the next model that stays over here," Sarah said joking.

"We need to get ready now or we will be late. Before we go let me give you a little taste of what is to cum by another woman." She spread my legs apart and started licking my pussy. I started moaning again and before I could have another orgasm she stopped. I cursed under my breathe for her cruel tease and wanted her tongue to return to my wet cunt.

We jumped back into the shower for a quick clean up but she kept pushing me off of her. Not that she didn't want my advances but we would be late for the party if she didn't. My hands roam her body squeezing her breasts and I gave her tender kisses. It was hard for me to shower without trying to do more. We got out wet in more ways than one.

Sarah didn't want me to wear what I picked out for the party and laid out something far more sexier. First she made sure I wasn't wearing any undergarments and that made me feel deliciously naughty. She wanted me to wear one of her dresses that would reveal my figure in all the right places. It was so short that sitting just right would raise it further up. My uncovered pussy could be seen to whomever was in eyesight of it. The top of the dress was showing so much of my breasts that my nipples could almost be seen. The dress was so soft and thin it felt like wearing nothing at all. I would never wear something so risque to a party and here I was going to do just that. With black lace stockings and the high heels I wore, I looked amazing.

"Where did you get this dress from? I would never wear anything like this in the past for it being too risque and all." I was hoping she was planning on seducing me at the party tonight and drag me into a room to fuck. I couldn't believe how much a lesbian whore I was becoming. I was afraid when she left that this would be the end of my lesbian affair and wanted to get every chance I could with her. I was a little scared of finding a new lover, and knew no other woman could live up to her.

"I got it from a shoot in New York last year and a designer from the show let me keep it. I feel I should warn you about wearing that tonight and how lucky you will get. Lara you are walking into a den of wolves and you don't even know it. Models here are mostly lesbians and our boss is the biggest dyke of them all. If she sees you in this dress, you'll find yourself being her next conquest."

We left for the party with my thoughts on the future and I couldn't help but think about helping my husband get a promotion. It's going take a little tongue work but I think I can manage it. I felt bad for cheating on Tom but my new lesbian desire was too strong to quit. I tried telling myself it wasn't that bad since I was fucking another woman but I knew better. I loved being her whore and wasn't going to stop fucking women anytime soon.