 I wake shuddering from another too-vivid dream. This time she had been a redhead, cascading waves framing her delicate face. Her creamy skin had warmed and grown dewy at my touch, her trembling fingers untying her pale green robe and letting it fall to her feet. Sitting on the edge of the bed, I had clasped her around the hips, my long fingernails digging into her rounded buttocks, bringing her body close to me. Her small, pert breasts with nipples like wild strawberries had tasted so sweet, the blue veining beneath the skin like lace.

She had sunk to her knees then, and with a shy smile placed her slender hands on my knees. Pushing them apart gently, her violet eyes grew large and dark as she gazed at my swollen mound. I tangled one hand in her hair and used the other to spread myself wide so she could see how wet and engorged I was. A hungry sigh escaped her parted lips, and she ran her hands up the inside of my thighs, gently coaxing them further apart.

I arched and cried out as her soft lips and the tip of her tongue encircled my steaming, erect clitoris. She lifted her head and smiled to see how the motion thrust my heavy round breasts outward and upward. With thumb and finger she teased one hard, nut-brown nipple. With her tongue she probed and stroked me until I thought I must be on fire. Lying back on the bed and wrapping my muscular legs around her slender back, I began to thrust my hips upward into her full mouth, forcing the tip of her tongue deeper inside me. She met my thrusts hungrily, swallowing as my juices began to overflow into her mouth.

Feeling myself edging closer to climax, I forced myself to release my legs from around her and sit back up. As she looked up in surprise, I grasped her hair and pulled her to her feet. Her eyes widened in momentary confusion and then melted as I took her hands and guided her onto the bed. She lay down, her silky hair making a copper curtain over the pillows. In an almost childlike gesture, she stretched her arms out to me, but I shook my head.

I slid one hand between her thighs and cupped her mound, one finger delving in to her moist folds. She moaned throatily and spread her legs wide, digging her heels into the bed and tilting her hips up so that she was completely exposed to me. She looked like a tightly closed rosebud, but as I worked my fingers in and out of her, the dewy petals opened up until she was wide open, her clitoris swelling before my eyes.

Swiftly I mounted her, straddling her so that my own dark and velvety folds were directly above her face. Lowering my head, my hair falling in rivers of midnight over her pale thighs, I took a breath and blew softly over her clitoris, evaporating the droplets of moisture that clung there. She gasped and then began to whimper, a pleading note in her voice, grinding her hips beneath me.

I took her in my mouth then, thrusting my tongue boldly as deep inside her as I could, tasting her in secret places. At the same time, I began to suck her clitoris into my mouth in a steady but ever-quickening rhythm. I was rewarded by a long loud cry of pure need, and by the sudden heat of her own tongue deep inside me as well.

We began to rock in unison, I above, she beneath, meeting each other's passionate hunger. I could feel my clitoris throbbing at the same time as I felt her whole mound tensing under the insistent pressure of my mouth. Her cries became louder, her hands on my thighs tightened, her fingernails dug into my skin. I ground myself into her mouth as she bucked her hips uncontrollably.

My eyes tightly shut, I saw an explosion of starry light as my whole body shuddered in orgasm. I could feel my juices drenching my thighs and hear her swallowing hungrily. Her own release soon followed with a high keening cry that left her gasping. I rested my cheek on her still-trembling thighs.

And wake, my head nestled alone on my pillow. My clitoris still throbs from the memory of the dream, even as my breasts ache with the longing for her to be real. My hunger for her is so strong I can feel it in the tightness of my throat, and a moan of lust and loneliness escapes my lips. Where is she? How do I find her? Is she reading this right now? Are you she?