 We stopped at the fast food restaurant to grab some food as Ann met up with her friend Sue to get some shoes she left at her place. We all agreed to go out and have a drink later as we were all driving separate cars. That's when I saw her. She was quiet but really cute, sitting in the car waiting for Sue to be done. My boyfriend bought some food and we all got into our various cars and drove to the club. I thought to myself, Sue's friend is cute and suggested playfully that we have a threesome, which my boyfriend said ok to. We finally got to the club and she sat next to me. I smiled at her and she blushed...Wooo that was my window! So, I leaned next to her and asked her name. Heidi, she said. I put my hand on her lap and told her she was cute, and that if I was a lesbian, I would totally hit on her. She blushed so hard that her chocolate skin was flushed! 

Drinks kept coming and she gained some confidence to have a conversation with me. She pointed at my boyfriend and asked if he was my man. I laughed sarcastically and told her he was. However, he was under the impression that I was trying to get her to have a threesome with us. But I reassured her that if I was to have her, I'd have her all to myself. She looked shocked. I'm guessing its because no other girl had ever hit on her like that. The confidence tequila had given me was off the chain. I mean, even I surprised myself with those lines I was throwing at her. At some point, her boyfriend came around. We all hang out. He clearly didn't read into all the touching I was doing on his girl. Later, we all left separately.

I woke up the next morning and got an inbox on face book. You'll never guess whom... Heidi! She was apologizing for stalking me and insisted that she just couldn't resist the urge to see me again. Then she left her number. My heart literally skipped a beat! I texted her immediately as my boyfriend was lying next to me. She immediately replied and asked that we meet up later that night. I agreed and invited her over to my place. I had never been with a girl before so I had no idea what to do! I decided to get a bottle of brandy and cook some dinner. I mean, alcohol gave me the balls to hit on her; I had my money on it not failing both of us. 

She called to tell me that she was at the gate. My stomach! Anxiety! I downed a couple of shots then opened the door. She was in a fitting black dress that brought out all her curves. I had no idea I found girls this hot! She smelled nice, looked amazing. So I led her straight to the couch and sat next to her. The food was served, I poured her a drink, and soft music was playing in the background. We got to talking, getting to know each other, drinking until we got really tipsy. With every refill, I moved closer. Her whole body was now facing mine and I stared at her lips as she talked. I just wanted to kiss her. But, it was my first time; I didn't know how to make any moves.

She went quiet and stared at me, and then she leaned in and kissed me. Her lips were so soft and she was a very sensual slow deep kisser. I pulled her in by her waist and she grabbed my face gently while breathing hard. Her curves! I pulled her dress up, allowing me to caress her thighs. She slowly moved to my neck...my weak spot! I pulled her dress up to her waist and her thong had her whole ass out. I grabbed her ass, my heart beating fast...it was my first time and I wanted her so bad! I whispered gently in her ear telling her that it was my first time with a girl. She smiled and got so intrigued! She pushed me over so I lay on my back. She took complete control...that really turned me on. I clearly wasn't her first, but who cared! 

She pulled off my skinny jeans and I had nothing but my Lacey panties on. Then she pulled up my vest and my boobs were all out. She sucked on my nipples so gently; I could feel a tingle in my pussy. My back arched from all the excitement. She pulled down my panties and got back to sucking my nipples as her thigh rubbed my wet pussy. I was really going crazy. So I pulled off her dress and bra. She only had her thong on. Her flawless chocolate skin, full breasts, thick ass and tiny waist really got my blood flowing! She leaned forward to kiss me and her boobs were touching mine. I stroked her soft skin as she started to kiss me down my chest. She went lower and kissed my pussy. She spread my pussy apart and started stroking my swollen clit with her tongue gently. I let out a loud mourn and grabbed the seat. She kissed it, sucked it and licked it until all I could do was tremble from pleasure. Then she went lower, into the inner lips of my pussy and she spread them open. She did deep strokes into it and omg that was the g-spot! I told her to focus right there, so she focused on this spot. I started to climax and she whispered softly asking me to cum for her. I couldn't hold back. I cum in her mouth and she licked it all up.

I quickly got up and touched her pussy. She was soaking wet! So, I asked her how she liked it and she told me to scissor her. She spread my feet and exposed my pussy and she took off her thong and sat across me. Our feet inter-locked, pussies touching completely. She leaned back and started to ride me. Damn! That shit felt so good! She would occasionally use her fingers and rub herself and she was blowing my mind! I quickly got on my knees, spread her feet apart and started to lick her pussy. Her salty taste was actually awesome...it turned me on. I could feel her feet tremble! I was actually doing it right. So, I hovered around until she let out a loud moan and I knew, that's the spot. I sucked on it while stroking my tongue on the spot, her juices all over my mouth and her screams getting louder, begging me to make her cum. I increased my pace, stroking her g-spot with the tip of my tongue. Her whole body started to jerk like she was going into a fit then she let out a huge squirt into my face and mouth. That was one of the most fulfilling moments I ever had! She could barely get up or even let me touch her pussy. 

I got her a towel, we took a quick shower, kissing and playing around in the bathroom. We put on t-shirts and fell asleep cuddling. I knew for sure that I was definitely going to do that again!