 This is, of course, a sequel to Part 1. Due to some feedback, I have changed the point of view so it is told from Katerina's perspective.

*****

Finishing her story, Jill said "I never saw Sandra again and my loser boyfriend and I broke up a day or two later. That was my one and only actual lezzie experience."

"But I think about it a lot . . . especially when I'm around you," Jill said, licking her lips and looking into and through my eyes.

My pussy was soaking wet and I could hardly breathe. I couldn't remember ever being so turned on. There was no way I could just go back to my tent with the girls - I needed some relief. 

I said, "Well that was quite a story. I've thought about it a lot and for a long time. Right now, I'm not sure I'll ever stop thinking about it."

Jill approached me and reached around to put her hand on my ass, giving it a gentle caress, and whispered "I'm hungry," before pausing and adding "I need to taste you."

I felt a lump in my throat and butterflies in my stomach, but I knew I wanted this. I needed this. I looked into Jill's blue eyes and nodded. She took me by the hand and started walking me toward the cars. Jill drives a big Lexus SUV with dark tinted windows, so I understood immediately where she was taking me. I was nervous and felt like I was supposed to tell her "no" or act like I was unsure, but I wasn't. I was sure. I had been fantasizing about this for more than 25 years and I wasn't going to let this opportunity get away.

We got to Jill's car and she opened the rear door. Before getting in, she moved her hand to my crotch and started rubbing my pussy through my shorts as she moved her head toward mine. My mouth opened and welcomed her wet tongue into my mouth for a few unforgettable seconds before she gently pushed me into the car and said, "Get in the car, you sexy bitch! Your pussy is mine. You are my little lezzie now!"

My panties were absolutely drenched at this point. So much so, that I was a little self-conscious about it. Jill maneuvered me to lie back on the rear seat and started unbuttoning and then unzipping my shorts before pulling them, along with my wet panties, off my legs. My glistening pussy was bare now and Jill's sparkling blue eyes were hovering above it with a look of pure lust. I really believe she had been thinking about this for a very long time and she looked like a woman possessed. 

I wanted nothing more than for her to bury her tongue in my pussy, but she pulled up and started taking off my short and then my bra. She caressed my breasts and then started licking, and then sucking, on my nipples. It felt great, but my pussy was starving for attention. She had been the dominant one up to this point, but I knew what I wanted. What I needed. And I knew she was far too turned on to not give it to me on my terms.

I said, "Jill, that feels great, but you need to live up to your promise. You need to lick my pussy. Now!!" I put my hand on the back of her blonde head and started pushing it down to my pussy. "Come on you little pussy pleaser. Do what you were born to do. Do what Sandra taught you to do. Eat my pussy!"

Jill smiled and buried her face in my pussy. Her tongue happily slithered around my clit. It felt amazing. I was so hot that I thought I would come in just a few seconds. After a few moments of futile resistance, I relaxed and just let it come. And come I did. Over and over again. Jill was so intent on her pussy licking that she never stopped - she just kept going and going and going. And I kept coming and coming and coming. After 4-5 orgasms, I had to pull her up to get her out of her pussy possessed posture. Finally, she stopped licking and it was my turn to return the favor. 

I eased her onto her back and started pulling her jeans off. Her panties came with them. And then I removed her shorts and bra and watched her beautiful tits jiggle out. I wanted to play with them, lick them, suck them and bite them, but that would have to wait. Pussy was my top priority. I got on my knees and stuck my ass high in the air as I reached back with one hand to rub my pussy between my legs. My other hand spread the lips of Jill's wet, shaved pussy as I lowered my head and took it all in. The scent was amazing. I was so turned on. I bent my head down and started doing what I had fantasized about for more than 25 years - licking pussy. I had thought of this countless times as I used my vibrator while watching lesbian porn and now I was really doing it. And it was better than I ever imagined. I loved the taste. I loved the control. 

Jill was squirming and moaning: "Oh yeah, oh yeah, that is so fucking good. Lick my pussy. You are so good. You are a natural. Don't stop. Don't. Ever. Stop." 

Her encouragement only increased my enthusiasm. I didn't want to stop. I couldn't stop. I was addicted. Jill came 3-4 times - I lost count. My face was wet with her juices and I loved it. 

"That was amazing!" I said. "Even better than I remembered it," Jill added. We got dressed and walked back to our tents to get some sleep. 

I slept like a rock and awoke to the sounds of a dozen girl scouts and their moms eating breakfast. The next thing I knew my tent was opening and Anna was climbing in.

"Buenos Dias Hermosa" she said. "I missed you last night," she said, with a cat-that-ate-the-canary smile. I gave her a puzzled look but she stared right in my eyes and it was clear that she knew. I blushed and she said "Your gal pal is still sleeping - must have been quite a late night for both of you." 

"Just a little late night girl talk," I said innocently. 

"I know, when I went out to the cars to look for you, I got an earful," she said smiling.

I blushed even more and started to try to speak but couldn't get any words out. "Cat got your tongue? Or should I say, pussy got your tongue?" Anna said.

I knew there was no point denying it or being coy, so I just smiled guiltily. And then I said "Why were you just peeping? You should have come in and joined us."

"Oh believe me, I wanted to, but I didn't want to spook you. Or Jill. But I got myself off a few times leaning on the car and listening to you hot bitches," Anna said.

We heard Jill's voice outside as she apparently had just awakened. So I pulled on some shorts and Anna and I crawled out of the tent. The girl scouts and other moms were outside having breakfast at the picnic tables.

"Good Morning Sleeping Beauty!" Anna said to Jill. "I was just getting the play-by-play from Katerina."

Jill looked at me in horror as if to say "WTF?" 

"Anna overheard our . . . conversation last night."

Jill flinched and then looked at Anna, who looked at her with a devious grin. Jill blushed noticeably. 

"Have some breakfast, ladies, you haven't eaten since last night," Anna said with that same devious smile, "And that wasn't very filling."

It was clear that Anna was getting a kick out of all the innuendos in front of the girl scouts and the other moms and it was equally clear there was nothing we could really do about it without making a scene. While embarrassing, I also realized that the only solution was to play along. And truth be told, it was actually turning me on again.

"It wasn't filling," I said, "but it was delicious," looking over at Jill. Jill was clearly uncomfortable, which was kinda funny considering how she was the previous night.

"It's addicting," Anna said. "70% will try it a first time, but nearly everyone wants more once they've had a taste." A few of the mom's sitting nearby had puzzled looks on their faces, clearly not understanding our conversation, but fortunately nobody actually spoke up and asked about it.

The breakfast conversation changed, mercifully, and we cleaned up and got ready to leave the campground. On our way to the cars, it was again Anna, Jill and me. Anna cracked "Returning to the scene of the crime." Jill, away from the other moms and obviously more comfortable, said "If that was a crime, I think Katerina is a budding Bonnie Parker."

We laughed, and I said, "Look who's talking, Ms. Lezzie, err Lizzie Borden."

Jill blushed and we all chuckled.

I said "Well, I guess we are all members of the 70% Club, huh?" To Anna I said, "Do you really think its that high? 70%?"

Anna said, "That's what my intensive research suggests, but I can only do so many experiments. But I'd love to add a few researchers to the team so we can get a larger sample size," Anna said with a smile. "Any volunteers for the open research assistant positions?"

I was about to respond, when Jill surprised me and interjected "Count me in! It's all in the name of science, right?" Spurred on my Jill's fast response, I said "Well, it's for a good cause, so I suppose I'll lend a helping hand." 

"Or tongue," Anna joked.

"So how do we do this?" Jill asked. "What is our scientific method?"

"Well, you ladies are going to need some practice and some training. We don't want to skew the results just because you may not yet know how to close the deal. So I will give you some individualized training, as well as some group practice sessions."

"Oooh, I'm liking the sound of this," I said excitedly. 

Jill added, "I think it would be useful for Katerina and me to practice together too," with a wink.

"That's a good idea," Anna noted, smiling, "but I think it would be best if I watch and supervise those practice sessions."

"But you both have great potential as researchers," Anna said, "and I think you'll find it to be quite easy to find research subjects. You can almost always tell who is interested, and how interested they are, from their response to these kinds of innuendos. Women are at least as easy to seduce as men - maybe even more so. When you get back to home, work and friends, just send out the vibes and see whose gaydar picks them up."