 This is the 4th installment in the Girl Scout Moms series. You should probably read the first 3 stories before starting this one.

*****

"Game On" the text read. It was from Jill. I had a pretty good idea that meant the 70% Club's team seduction of Jill's friend Stephanie, which was confirmed by a quick call from Jill.

Jill had already spoken to Anna and explained that she would be meeting Stephanie for happy hour at KYU, a restaurant in Wynwood on Friday night. Jill had confirmed that Stephanie's ex had her kids that weekend and she would be able to make it a late night, or sleepover, if necessary. Stephanie, of course, had no idea about any potential sleepover plans. Nor did she know that Anna and I would also be there and we would "bump" into Jill and join them. At the appropriate time, as signaled by Jill.

Jill and Stephanie got there first and started with some drinks and snacks in the bar area. Jill was mindful of the EFFECTS rules Anna had taught us and was working the first E (Eye Contact) and F (Flattery), telling Stephanie how great she looked, how fit she had gotten, and even how her breasts still seemed to defy the laws of physics despite her age and post-divorce weight loss. Stephanie was pretty recently divorced and Jill started asking about her dating life.

"Sooo, how is single life treating you?" Jill asked. "I hope you are keeping Ms. Coochie busy and satiated." They both laughed.

"She's keeping busy, but I've mostly been feeding her artificial sausage," Stephanie said with a chuckle. "Guys suck"

This was a good sign -- time to move on to the second F in the EFFECTS system -- Frustration.

"In my experience, they don't suck enough," Jill noted with a pause. "Or I guess I should say 'lick enough.'" 

"Tell me about it -- I've been on a lot of dates and slept with a few guys, but they just want to jump straight to fucking. No foreplay. And most are just douchebags anyhow."

Jill saw the opportunity to move the conversation to girl-girl action before signaling to me and Anna to come in. We were having a drink in a place two doors down waiting for the text from Jill.

"You know," Jill started, "I'd have expected you to try out for the other team after your divorce."

Stephanie looked at her with puzzlement before Jill continued, "Maybe even try to track down the soccer girl from the Sig Ep party." Jill winked and flashed a devilish smile.

Stephanie blushed a deep shade of crimson as her memory brought her back to the dance floor during that fraternity party when she danced with, and kissed, the hot girl from the soccer team. But she recovered -- "What makes you think I haven't tried out for that team?" Stephanie winked back.

"Have you?" Jill asked.

"No, but if the dating game doesn't get better, I may have to consider it."

Jill decided now was the time to give Anna and me the signal to come over. "Hold that thought -- I need to go to the ladies room." Jill got up and took her phone to the restroom where she texted us a simple "Thumbs Up" emoji, our pre-set signal.

We had agreed to "bump" into Jill as we entered the restaurant and Jill was returning from the restroom. She gave us a very quick update and what was going on and then led us over to the table where Stephanie was sipping her drink. I had met Stephanie several times before and we did the friendly kiss and hug thing. Jill introduced Anna and Stephanie to one another and asked us to join them at their table.

Stephanie looked a little surprised as their conversation had started getting intimate, but what could she say? After making clear that we didn't want to intrude, they assured us we weren't and we sat down.

"So where were we?" Jill asked looking at Stephanie. "Oh yeah, you were about to tell me about how you are thinking of dykeing out."

Stephanie again turned red and started to protest when I jumped in with the old Seinfeld line: "Not that there's anything wrong with that." Everyone laughed and the tension was broken a little. 

"Oooh, Katerina, got any experiences you want to share with us," Anna asked me.

"Nothing too interesting. Maybe a drunken kiss or friendly fondle back in the day, but nothing serious," I said, giggling a little.

"You two," Jill said, pointing at Stephanie and me, "have a lot in common. You are both drunken friendly fondlers from way back."

Stephanie shot Jill a look of annoyance. I thought she might have gone too far. Jill tried to lighten the mood, saying playfully "Big cats are dangerous, but a little pussy never hurt anyone." I remembered Jill saying that line on the girl scout camping trip as things were getting "interesting."

We all laughed, including Stephanie. Anna jumped in, saying "you two would make a super hot couple."

"I gotta admit," I said looking at Stephanie's chest, "those boobs are pretty spectacular."

"And I gotta admit," Stephanie said to me, "you are one sexy bitch!"

"Stephanie!!" we heard from a distance, as a beautiful Asian woman approached our table. She and Stephanie hugged and Stephanie introduced her as Diane, a co-worker in the PR firm where Stephanie worked. She was beautiful and petite -- probably not even 5 ft tall, but with large breasts for her size. It turns out she was Filipino with long brown hair and a very energetic, bubbly personality. She was around 30, so at least 10 years younger than any of the rest of us.

Diane stayed and joined the conversation for an hour or so. And, while we all liked her, I was worried that her presence was killing our seduction plan. I don't think any of us knew how to keep the conversation on its prior sexy path with this new addition. But we were all having a good time and were enjoying the food and drinks. It seemed like we would just have to chalk it up as a failed seduction of Stephanie.

Diane said "Why are we all buying ourselves $15 drinks? We should either start trying to get guys to buy them for us, or come back to my place and drink for free. I've got plenty of wine and booze and I live just a few blocks away."

Realizing that trying to get guys to buy our drinks would surely kill the seduction plan, Anna chimed in "That's a great idea -- let's go to your place." We all looked at each other and Jill and I both said we were game. Stephanie, on the other hand, seemed hesitant. "C'mon" we all said. "Let's do this." Stephanie reluctantly agreed and we got up to head to Diane's place.

As we were walking, Diane and Stephanie had paired up and were walking and talking about 10 yards ahead. The enabled Jill, Anna and me to have a little pow-wow. 

"Is the plan still on?" I asked.

"Hell yeah," Anna said, "we are going for the double-play."

"Are you sure we are ready for that? We are rookies," Jill said.

"Only one way to find out," Anna said.

When we got to Diane's place, there wasn't enough seating on the sofa, so we pulled the coffee table away a little and all sat on the floor around it. Diane opened a bottle of tequila. The good stuff -- Don Julio 1942. My ex-boyfriend was a big tequila connoisseur and I had tried it with him.

"Let's play Truth or Dare" Anna said.

Of course, Jill and I were both in and said so immediately. Stephanie was hesitant -- "I don't know, it's getting late . . . "

Diane stepped up -- "C'mon Stephanie, don't be a pussy!" 

"Unless you are what you eat . . . ." Anna said. Everyone laughed.

Stephanie sighed, succumbing to the peer pressure. "OK, let's see how it goes. But I go last."

"OK," Anna said. "I'll go first. Truth."

Diana jumped in -- "I've got this one. Anna, have you ever had a threesome?"

"Many times," Anna said.

"Wow! Two guys or with another girl?" Diane asked.

"One question at a time -- I already answered mine," Anna said. 

"That's no fun," Jill said. "I think a Truth answer should come with some explanation or details." I nodded. So did Diane. Stephanie just looked uncomfortable.

"OK," Anna said. "Both. And other."

Diane looked puzzled. "What does 'And other' mean?"

"I have had threesomes with two guys, another girl and two other girls," Anna explained.

Eyes wide open, Diane just said "Wow wow!!"

"Jill, Truth or Dare?" Anna asked.

Sensing that it would be better to ease into this slowly, Jill said "Truth."

"Have you ever masturbated thinking about someone in this room?" Anna asked.

Jill answered, blushing a little "Maybe" with an embarrassed smile. She was a good actress. 

"Come on, details. You are the one who insisted on explanations or details," Anna said.

"OK, back in college we were at this fraternity party and got pretty drunk. Stephanie started dirty dancing with this girl from the soccer team and then they started kissing. Really kissing, tongues swirling, the whole thing. It was the hottest thing I had ever seen. I've masturbated to that memory for years."

All eyes turned to Stephanie, who looked both embarrassed and shocked. And turned on, if the erect nipples poking from her shirt were any indication.

"I was so jealous of that soccer girl and so turned on at the same time. You can't blame me -- just look at how hot she is," Jill said.

"No blame here," said Diane, staring at Stephanie's erect nipples. Jill, Anna and I all glanced at each other. The double play was looking like a real possibility.

"My turn -- Truth," I said. Jill said "OK, you mentioned some drunken kissing and friendly female fondling in your past. Give us some details."

"When I was in high school, my friend Liz had a slumber party. Her parents were out of town and she had about 6 other girls over. We drank wine and talked about boys and what we had each done with them. I think we were all getting pretty turned on hearing about each other's experiences. I needed some relief and went into the bathroom that adjoined her room, locked the door, pulled my pants down and started rubbing my pussy. I needed to get off. What I didn't realize was that it was a Jack-and-Jill bathroom that also had an entrance from Liz's brother's room. He wasn't home, but while I was diddling my clit, the door to her brother's room opened and Liz stood in the doorway with her hands on her hips and a smile on her face. I was so embarrassed and started to pull my pants back on, expecting her to leave in horror. But she put her finger over her mouth, walked in to the bathroom and locked the door behind her. She told me not to be embarrassed and that she needed some relief too. Then she started taking her pants off too and sat on the edge of the bathtub across from me. She started rubbing her pussy and whispered that she wanted to watch me. I was scared and embarrassed but also horny as hell, so I started rubbing my pussy again. We played with our pussies while we watched each other and then she started to come. When she was done, she got up and come over to me as I continued to rub my wet pussy. She put her hand over mine and mimicked my movements before moving my hand and using her own hand to rub my pussy. Then she started kissing me. I was so turned on I couldn't believe it. I put my hand under her shirt and fondled her boobs and she kissed and fingered me. And then I came. It was the biggest orgasm I had ever had. By the time I regained my breath, she was gone. She was back in her room with the other girls. We never spoke about it again."

"Oh my God, that's so hot!" Diane said. "I can't believe all of you have had experiences with other girls."

"I think most women have at one time or another," Anna said, "let's face it, women are beautiful. And sexy."

"Your turn, Diane," I said, Truth or Dare"

"It seems like this is a Truth round," Diane said. "So Truth."

Since Diane had indicated that she probably didn't have any real lesbian experiences, I didn't want to ask a direct question and get a "no" answer with no explanation. But she seemed interested in the idea, so I asked "OK, what genre of porn do you usually watch when you are 'flicking the bean?'"

Diane giggled with a devilish smile and said "Just because I've never done anything with another girl doesn't mean I haven't gotten off thinking about it, or watching it. Girl-girl porn is so much hotter than the hetero stuff."

"Amen to that," Jill said. "I read that lesbian porn is the most popular porn genre among women, even straight women."

It was certainly looking like Diane would not be an impediment to our seduction plan, but Stephanie was clearly uncomfortable. And it was her turn for Truth or Dare. Diane said "Stephanie, don't think you are getting out of this -- it's your turn. Truth or Dare?"

Stephanie sighed and said "Truth."

Diane asked "If you had to pick one of us here to go down on you, who would it be?"

Stephanie's nervousness was apparent and she started stammering, "Um, I don't . . . I think this is going too far . . . um, I . . . um . . . it's getting late . . . I really need to get home . . . ."

Jill said, "no, no, no, that's not fair. You have to answer the question and at least finish the round."

Stephanie was breathing heavily and just looked down at her feet. Finally, she said "You Jill" before turning around, grabbing her purse and scurrying out of the room.

The rest of us looked at each other with a mix of shock, arousal and disappointment. The room was silent until Jill spoke and said "Anna, it's your turn -- Round 2 -- Truth or Dare."

"Wait, don't you think one of us should go see if she is OK," asked Diane.

Anna said, "she's fine, just embarrassed, but you can check on her if you want."

Diane got up to follow Stephanie and left the room.

Anna said, "Truth" in answer to Jill's question, and Jill asked "Do you think Stephanie or Diane are coming back to play?"

Anna responded, "I think Stephanie is gone, but Diane will definitely be back -- it's her house. And she wants some pussy and knows this is her chance to get it. That was an easy one."

"Should we wait for Diane to come back, or just keep playing?" I asked.

"Let's keep playing and give whoever comes back a show," Jill said. "Dare."

I said, "Let's ease into it with a slow seduction -- we don't want to scare her, or them, off. So I dare you to give me a lap dance."

Anna turned up the music and Jill started a slow, seductive striptease. She took off her top and unclasped her bra, before letting it drop to the floor. Her hands cupped her tits for a few seconds and then released them and let them tumble out. They were incredible. She danced topless for a while, and then took off her skirt, leaving her in nothing but a G-string. She gyrated to the music and then moved closer to me and straddled my thigh. Her G-string clad pussy settled on my leg and she started grinding it. I could feel her wetness on my leg and her soft, beautiful breasts nuzzled by cheek. She smelled so good. I was so turned on but she may have been even more excited. 

I reached around and gently, but firmly, squeezed her butt. Like her breasts, it was perfectly shaped and delightfully soft. I moved my hands to the sides of the G-string and started to pull it off. She lifted her ass off my thigh to enable me to take the G-string all the way off and I could smell her wetness as it dropped to the floor. I moved my hand to her front and started rubbing her bare pussy with my index and middle fingers. It was so wet and slick and she gasped as I found her throbbing clit. Anna moved behind Jill and reached around to cup her breasts. She tilted her head and moved in to Jill's neck, which she licked slowly and seductively. 

I was lost in lust. I think all three of us were. Then we heard the sound of short breaths coming from near the doorway. It was Diane, her face flushed and her right hand down the front of her pants obviously rubbing her pussy. Her eyes were locked on Jill, Anna and me and her nervousness and excitement were equally apparent.

Anna turned and walked toward Diane before putting her own hand down the front of Diane's pants and pulling out her wet fingers. Anna put Diane's wet fingers in her mouth and said "mmmm . . . delicious." She then put her own finger back into Diane's pants and then her pussy before taking it out and moving it to Diane's lips. 

"Try it yourself," Anna said to Diane. Diane opened her lips and sucked her own juices off Anna's fingers. Then Anna said "Truth or Dare." There was only one acceptable answer and Diane knew it. She said "Dare."

"I dare you to become the pussy licker that you've always longed to be," Anna said before reaching under her own skirt to remove her panties. 

Diane stared with a look of lust and fear. But mostly lust. As a Filipina, her skin was fairly dark and I wouldn't have expected her to blush pink, but she did. She was entranced and got down on her knees in front of Anna's bare wet pussy. Jill motioned to me with her finger to go with her toward Diane and, as we got there, she approached Diane from behind and started removing her blouse. I moved in to help with Diane's bra and then together we started on her pants and then her panties. I began rubbing Diane's ass as she slowly moved her face to Anna's waiting pussy.

"Stop!" Jill said abruptly. Diane looked up in puzzlement. As did Anna and I. WTF?

Then Jill picked up her phone from the coffee table and moved behind Anna before raising the phone and saying "We need to record this moment for posterity." Fear flashed across Diane's face and she said "No!" and it seemed like Jill had gone too far and fucked it up. But then a calm came over Diane's face, followed by a wicked smile. And she said "use my phone -- the one with the Hello Kitty case" nodding toward the coffee table.

Jill picked up Diane's phone and brought it to Diane to unlock it. She then went back behind Anna and started filming.

"So Diane," Jill started, "what is about to happen?"

"I'm about to taste my first pussy," Diane said.

"How long have you been waiting to do this?" asked Jill.

"Probably about 15-16 years -- since I was 14 or 15," Diane explained. "I've thought about this a lot," she said with a shy smile.

"Are you ready to become a lezzie?" Jill asked.

"I don't think I could be much more ready," Diane said.

"Whose pussy are you going to lick," Jill inquired.

"Anna's. Beautiful Anna's beautiful pussy."

"Who else's?" Jill said.

Diane looked puzzled and then hesitantly said "Yours?"

"And who else's pussy are you going to eat?" Jill demanded.

"Katerina's. And I have a feeling I might get addicted," Diane said.

"Oh, I'm sure you will," said Jill. "And you'll start with a multi-course tasting menu tonight. For the first course, you'll have the privilege of tasting Anna's perfect pussy."

Diane smiled and then closed her eyes and lowered her tongue to Anna's wet pussy. There was no hesitation or tentativeness. She dove right in. I moved beneath Diane's spread legs, lied down on my back and began eating her pussy. All while Jill filmed the proceedings. Diane's pussy was practically dripping. She was clearly so turned on.

I heard Jill say "Diane, look at the camera. It wants to see your gorgeous eyes hovering over Anna's pussy as you feast on her pussy." 

I was too busy feasting on Diane's pussy to see it at the time, but I did later see the video and it was hot as fuck. Not long after, I heard Anna's panting followed by a series of "Oh my god"s "I'm gonna cum"s and then finally "I'm cummmminnngggg!!" They were coming from both Anna and Diane, who came about 5 seconds after Anna.

Diane proudly wiped her mouth and chin, which were coated in saliva and pussy juice, and then Jill said:

"It's time for your second course of the evening -- Jill Juice," and then sat down next to Anna on the couch, handed the phone to Anna and spread her legs. Anna took the phone, which was still filming, and went behind Jill to get the same POV view Jill had just filmed. 

Anna asked, "How was your first pussy?"
