 I like thank MistressJoanna for her help on editing both chapters of my story.

*

During the drive over to the party I found it was hard to focus when I just keep thinking about Sarah and her naked body. I wanted her more than anything and she was all the nourishment my body needed. The fact was Sarah made me into a girl that was easy to fuck. The state that I was in right now I would fuck any woman that showed any interest in me. That thought scared me knowing if a girl hike her dressed up I would crawl over and eat her pussy without a word spoken. I know it was mostly the lust speaking from the effect of all those orgasms we just had. The pleasure I had receive from Sarah made me drunk with lust and I wanted more of it.

I was a good girl and I never slept around but now I was acting like a whore. I needed to get control over myself before I did something stupid. Sarah woke something inside me and I was pretty sure going back to little miss innocent was impossible. She was like a drug and I needed another fix. I gave her a tender kiss before we got out of the car and entered the building.

**********

The party had lots of women dressed in sexy outfits with very few men about. I saw one woman wearing a dress so transparent I could see her naked body beneath it. Each woman I saw reassured me I was not straight but bi. I had a hard time keeping eye contact without staring at their bodies. I was checking out every woman I saw and wanting them.

I tried to stay focused and looked for my husband. Sarah whispered in my ear, "You better close your mouth before you trip over your tongue." She let out a seductive laugh. "I need a drink my dear and I will see you later." She gave my ass a firm squeeze before departing toward the bar. I hated it when she teased me with no follow up.

I spotted Tom talking with a beautiful woman in her early 40's in a red silk dress. The dress barely covered her breasts that were bigger than mine. There was a slit in the dress revealing one of her legs in black stockings. I wanted to see more of her legs and the treasure that lay between them. Her hair was blonde and in a style that was short but cute. I walked over to Tom and calmly tried to hide all the lust that was raging inside me. He gave me a hug and told me I was beautiful. He introduced me to his boss Victoria and she was even more beautiful up close.

We talked for a few minutes mostly about the fashion business and I caught her staring down at my breasts. I did the same myself and noticed her nipples poking through her dress. They were thick and hard. I would love to suck on them and I stared at them a little too long. She gave me this look and a smile like she knew what I was thinking. Her voice was so sexy that she could talk me out of my panties. Well she could if I was wearing any...

Tom was at a loss about Victoria and I mind fucking each other. He saw one of his co-workers that he needed to speak with and excused himself from our company. We stood there in a moment of silence before she spoke again.

"How about a drink?" Her voice was sweeter than honey and I couldn't refuse her. She led me toward the bar with her hand pressing against my lower back. When we reached the bar I felt her hand ease over my ass for a moment. It was gone so fast that I wondered whether I'd imagined it. The bartender was a cute girl with jet black hair in a pony tail and I was going to order something but I was too slow. Victoria ordered, " Two Dom Pérignons, please!"

"Nice dress! Where ever did you get it?" She spoke in a voice like she was interested in what I was wearing but her eyes seemed almost wolf-like. She placed the fabric that covered my breasts between her thumb and index finger with the middle slightly sticking out. When she guided her hand down feeling it one of her fingers also ran down my cleavage. A rush of excitement ran down my spine that made me forget to answer her question. I wonder if she did that on purpose. Was she trying seduce me and if so it was working. The bartender returned with our drinks and was gone in a flash.

We made small talk for a few minutes and her hands never stopped touching me the whole time. She played with the tips of my hair when talking about how she liked it and moved to touching my arm with light caresses. When she started talking about Tom's promotion her hand went to my hip."Tom is doing a great job here and is up for a promotion, but so is John Miller." She pulled me closer to her and I could feel her hot breath on my face. I fought the urge to kiss her right then. "Maybe you can help me decide which one should get it."

"Sure! Tom is...."

She cut me off and said,"Not here. My office is a better place to talk business." I downed the rest of my drink and followed her out of the party. The elevator ride up was done in silence with my mind running wild.

***********

My stomach was tied in knots and wanting her to take me now. I told myself I was going to do it for Tom's sake. I knew it was a lie because it didn't matter if he got that promotion or not. I just wanted to feel that orgasmic rush once again. What truly mattered to me was the hot wild sex I was going to have with her. I know I should feel bad for what I wanted to do with his boss. The lust that was driving me had overpowered all my senses. The hunger that was inside me could only be satisfied by a woman and I needed to feed it now.

The door opened to a floor with only the humming sound of the air conditioners and her voice making more small talk. She placed her hand on my back but eased it lower till it rested on my ass. I pretended I didn't notice what she was doing. She starting asking me if I ever did any modeling and told me she thought I had what it takes.

The whole time she was talking about it she gave my ass a light squeeze. I blushed a little over that and thanked her for the compliment. I told her I never had done any modeling but thought about it a few times. The whole place was empty beside Victoria's secretary who was still working at her desk.

"Jenny you need to take a break and go down stairs and have a glass of wine." She was a cute blonde with curly long hair. "I will miss Bentley right after I am done here." I could tell she was the kind who was work first and never got around to having fun. She gave me a smile and went back to work.

We entered her office and it was breathtakingly beautiful. There was a table aquarium in the center of the room with a white love seat, a pair of matching chairs around it and a desk off to the side. She took me over to the window that overlooked the city. I placed my face next to the glass, watching the light show below. I could feel her hot breath on the back of my neck as she spoke. "Beautiful isn't it?" Before I could agreed that it was, she unzipped my dress and I felt it slip off my body to the floor.

"Naughty girl! Wearing nothing underneath as if you are a whore masquerading as a princess. No matter, tonight you will be my whore." As she spoke her fingers were lightly tracing my naked flesh and making a moan escape my lips. She slapped my ass and told me to open the bottom drawer of her desk. I would have been upset if any guy talked to me like that but with her I found it was a turn on. I stepped out of my heels and walked toward the desk as sexy as I could with my hips swaying.

My nipples began to harden over the excitement of being this exposed to another person. I was always a princess type girl and never this daring. Since meeting Sarah it's like someone had pulled a switch in my brain from good girl to whore mode. I like being this free with my body and it made me feel so alive. 

I found a 12 inch long strap on in the drawer with other sex toys. I had never seen or had one of that size in me before real or fake. I had only slept with three guys in my life and Tom was the biggest at six and half inches. If this had happened to me yesterday and I would've bolted out that door after she unzipped my dress. I had gone past the point of no return and surrendered to it.

"You have got two choices here. One you can get dressed and leave or two put that on and fuck me to get that promotion for your husband." I wondered if this was how she did business with everyone or just me. She gave me an approving smile as I put it on. She slowly removed her dress and left only red lace panties on as she walked behind the love seat.

Her breasts were still sexy at her age and the nipples were rock hard. The panties came off and she tossed them to me. I caught them and could feel how wet they were. I left it on her desk and began to walk seductively toward her.

I kissed her eagerly and devoured her tongue in my mouth. I kissed slowly down her neck to her left breast. I kissed around her nipple and traced the areola with my tongue before sucking on it. Her moans started light and got louder with each moment I sucked. I switched to the other breast and attacked it with the same hunger. I lowered myself to my knees as I kissed down to her stomach to a thin patch of pubic hair between her legs.

She used the back of the love seat for support as I spread her legs and started kissing around her pussy. I was half teasing her and half unsure how to proceed. The sound of her moaning encouraged me that I was on the right track. I try to mimic what Sarah did to me and with Victoria's guiding voice I found the right technique. She tasted like nothing I ever had before and I couldn't get enough of it. I probed my tongue into her sweet pussy as far as it could go to suck in all of her juices. It was the nectar of the gods and I wanted to eat every last drop of it.

She came so loud that I was sure Jenny could hear it, but I didn't care and kept on eating her pussy. Victoria pulled me to my feet and kissed me. She was tasting herself on my lips and not missing a drop of it."You were great but I want you to fuck me now!" She turned herself around embracing the love seat and waited for me to take her from behind. I shoved my fake cock in her and felt empowered.

Sometimes I felt a little powerless during sex when the guy was in full control of how I got fucked. Now I got the cock and felt I was granted a power I only dreamed about. Feeling powerful and in control I found new desires running through me.

A moan left her lips and got louder with each thrust that followed. I placed my hands on her hips, giving her inch by inch until she was taking all of it. I slid my hands to her breasts and pinched her nipples. I picked up speed and thrust hard against her. She let out a loud grunt and arched her back in pleasure.

"Fuck me harder! Yes! Yes! Yesss!" She came louder than before and without a doubt I knew Jenny must have heard that. She held onto the love seat with all the strength she had left from the orgasm that weakened her body.

I gave her a few more hard thrusts before pulling out and stepping away. My heart sank watching her getting dress and ignoring my needs to be fucked. I sat down on the love seat and it felt great on my naked ass but I needed a good fucking. "You were fucking great and we need to do it again real soon, but I need to go and tell Tom about his promotion. Don't worry I'll send Jenny in to finish you off."

She gave me a quick kiss before walking out. Jenny was cute and all but I wanted Victoria between my legs fucking me. Jenny came in a moment later with a flushed look on her face and was turned on from all the sex noises she heard. She was staring at my naked body wanting to do more. I knew she was waiting on me to give her the green light. I felt sexy wearing only stockings and this cock between my legs.

"Come here baby! Come closer." She walked over to me without taking her eyes off of me. "Have you ever sucked a dick before sweetie?" She just nodded."Show me." She dropped to her knees and took what she could in her mouth. She was enjoying the taste of her boss' juices that was covering it.

The way I talked and was acting made me discover new things about myself. I never acted or spoke in such sexual ways before. I found I like being in control of sex, talking dirty, and acting like a slut. I felt powerful and great having this woman being a slave to my desires.

Jenny was moaning as she was giving me an artful blow job. She rose up and started taking her clothes off. She took them off hastily and didn't care if she popped any buttons. Her panties were soaked with her juices and her lace bra held a mouthful of tits. She unhooked her bra and tossed it behind her. Her nipples were pink and puffy. She slipped her panties down her legs. Her bush was thick and wet. She got on top of me and placed my cock deep inside of her wanting cunt.

Jenny grabbed my breasts and squeezed them. She kissed me and slipped her tongue between my teeth moaning from ecstasy. Slowly she rode me and rocked her hips in a circular motion to a faster speed. She buried her head in my shoulder kissing and biting it. Her skillful hands were still playing with my breasts and making me moan. Her moaning was getting louder and louder till she popped. " Oh yeah, oooh, YES!! I'm going to cum, I'm cumminggg!" The sound of her orgasm so close to my ears left it ringing.

Jenny collapsed on me and was trying to catch her breath before speaking."Thank you for that! It's been too long for me and I needed to cum. It's your turn and I am going to eat your pussy so good baby. " Jenny kissed me tenderly and ended it with a bite to my lip that she pulled back on before letting go. I raised my ass up as she slid the fake cock off me. She was kissing me again and slowly moving down between my breasts to my very wet pussy.

I let out a loud moan as her tongue made first contact with my pussy. Her little tongue was more skillful than a big cock and it didn't take me long to cum. I climaxed so hard I was seeing stars. She kept working her tongue inside me and giving me another mind blowing orgasm. I arched my back screaming one small word,"Fuckkk!"

Jenny's face was covered with my juices and she kissed me. I tasted myself for the first time and never knew that I tasted so good. We laid there in each other arms for a while before getting dressed to go down stairs. I was holding Jenny's hand and walking her to the elevator like we were teenagers lovers.

On the ride down she started kissing me again and shoved her hand up my dress. She was rubbing my clit and inserted two fingers in me. I spread my legs and moaned into her mouth. My wet cunt opened up and swallowed her fingers. When the door opened up, she removed them quickly. Licking my juices from them, she gave me a wink. "Thanks again!" She left me standing there with a smile. I needed to find a bathroom to clean up before finding Tom.

I was lucky to find one before running into him. Looking into the mirror one could tell what I had being doing this past hour and was about to sneak away to my car. I needed to get my purse to fix my makeup and hair. I heard a voice that was familiar coming from the doorway. "I see Victoria claimed another one."

It was Cindy, the first model that stayed with Tom and I. She could pass for Natalie Portman's little sister with boobs that were slightly bigger. "Excuse me?" I tried to play it off like I didn't know what she was talking about.

"Don't play coy with me. I saw you leaving with her. She always takes someone to her office at these parties for some fun and tonight it was your turn. Everyone knows this." Fear gripped me that Tom might know what I did and she could see it on my face. She smiled at me sweetly and laughed.

"I am only teasing. Only some of us girls know about her preying upon women at these parties. Last year it was the bartender and before that it was one of our magazine editor's wives." She likes to go for the virgin lesbian types when she can.

I was relieved that Tom didn't know and I wanted him to stay out of the loop. I was wondering how I didn't see how sexy Cindy was before. She was wearing a black bare shoulder lace dress that outlined her body nicely. That new feeling of lesbian lust began to run through my body once again. I couldn't believe being with three different women in one night hadn't slowed me down. What will it take to kill this desire inside me? "Don't worry about Tom, he wouldn't object to that affair anyway." I gave her a puzzled look.

"What do you mean?"

Cindy walked over to me and grabbed me by the shoulders looking into my eyes. "Models don't stay over at the photographer's house in this business unless someone wanted more than pictures. It's not hard to see what he wanted since he knew we all were lesbians. No doubt he was hoping sparks would fly and you would sleep with one of us. Too bad it wasn't me. I would have loved to eat you up but you didn't shown any signs of being into it." I look at her dumbfounded and shocked that my husband set me up like this.

"I guess the third time's the charm," I said not meaning to out loud. 

"So it was Sarah that got your juices running. She's a wild one and knows how to break a girl in. Come with me and I'll fix your make up. You don't have to let Tom in on this unless you want a three some." I sure as hell didn't want one unless it was with just us girls. His plot had backfired on him. Trying to get another girl in our bed by setting things up to turn me bi. He will be lucky if I don't go full lesbian on him.

Cindy was sweet and the whole time she kept her hands to herself. I found myself thinking if I wasn't married I could date her. She was about perfect to me and was the right kind of sexy. Not that there is a wrong kind but sexiness came without effort to her. The walk over was too short and I wanted more time with her. The make up room we came into had a line of desks with mirrors on them and a chair in front of each one.

I wanted to reward her for being so sweet to me and I showed how far this angel had fallen. I sat on the chair and slid my ass closer the edge. My dress stayed in place but my pussy came in view. I spread my legs wider so she could get a good look. Her eyes were glued to the show I was giving her. She got the sign that I was ready for her to eat me up.

Cindy took her time kissing me with soft lips and sliding her tongue around my mouth. She tasted like candy apple. I could kiss her for hours and be satisfied. She reached around and found the zipper of my dress. She pulled it down and my dress slipped down to around my waist. She took one of my nipples in her mouth and tweaked the other one. I moaned under her masterful mouth.

I couldn't wait much longer for that tongue to be inside of me. I stood up allowing my dress to fall to my feet before kicking it away before sitting again. She spread my legs apart and kissing my inner thigh with light seductive kisses. She was moving slowly but ever closer to my pussy. When she was about to reach it she switched to the other thigh. This teasing went on for a few minutes and was bringing me to the edge of ecstasy.

I could feel my pussy becoming wetter by the second and was aching to be touched. My moaning poured from my lips like a sweet song. When her tongue finally penetrated me and moved like a serpent inside me, the pleasure that hit me was so incredibly intense that it made me make noises that never came from my mouth before. I held onto her head and kept it on the spot that was giving me the most pleasure. It was an art to her and she knew how to make her tongue unleash the most powerful orgasm.

I screamed so loud that anybody within 3 rooms of us would have heard me. She was aiming to give me as many orgasms as possible and this time my screams formed words. "Fuuuck, I ammm....goooing to cum ...... againnn!" My body locked up from the massive orgasm that she just gave me.

My body was feeling too weak for another round and lay back in the chair. I was almost paralyzed with pleasure. She told me she loved how I tasted and wanted to try something she thought I might like. She removed some scissors, lotions, razor, towel, and shaving cream from a nearby desk.
