 Would love some more feedback. Hope y'all enjoy it.

I needed her touch more than anything. I stormed out of my organic chemistry class and went and sat in my car. It was hard to calm down after spending over an hour with my idiotic lab partner. She was a horrible person, always talking about the boys she liked, gossiping, or just sitting there filing her nails. She was such a burden. I pulled out my phone and texted my girlfriend. Just seeing her name on the screen of my phone helped calm me down. Lily had a way of making everything in my life okay. After I ranted for a bit with text she invited me over to spend the night. I went back to my dorm and packed an overnight bag. At first I was excited and I started frantically throwing stuff in my bag. Then I became nervous. The more nervous I got, the slower I moved. Finally I decided to take a shower to further calm down. 

In the shower I felt my muscles relax as I ran my hands over my body. I slowly washed myself, teasing myself here and there. After letting my hand wander to my nether region for the umpteenth time, I did not bother restraining myself. I shoved my fingers in as far as they would go and brought myself to a mind shattering orgasm as I thought of how Lily touched me. I loved the way she would kiss my neck, know exactly where I needed her touch and whisper sweet nothings into my ear. When I got out of the shower I was completely tranquil and more than ready to see my girlfriend. I needed her more than ever now. My fingers never seem to satisfy me anymore.

I drove the 20 minutes to her place on the other side of town. She knew I was coming and was by my side taking my bag out of my hand before I even had a chance to close the car door. I stuck my tongue out at her. She had heard my "independent woman" speech so many times that she purposely went out of her way to help me out. She just chuckled at me. I raced in front of her.

"Well you can at least let me open the door," I said as I reached the door first. She laughed at the defeated look on my face when I realized that the door was locked. She pressed me against the door and kissed me as she pulled her keys out of her jeans shorts pocket to open the door. 

"Why would a princess open a door?" She asked, as she let us in. She went to her room to drop off my bag as I poked around the kitchen looking for something to snack on. I was bent over, trying to decide if I wanted berries when SMACK, I felt her hand, hot against my ass. 

"I take it you like what you see?" I decided on raspberries and stepped past her to go to the sink to wash them off. 

"One could say I am just hungry." I studied her long frame head to toe, finding lust in her eyes. But I wasn't going to feed her just yet. We still had a long evening ahead of us.

"When aren't you hungry?" I inquired.

"When I am eating you." She replied under her breath. I propped myself up on the counter and continued to eat her raspberries as though she hadn't said anything. She stood between my legs and asked me if I had cooled down from being with my horrible lab partner. She listened intently and shared about her day as well. She worked part time as a barista and was also a student at the community college. She told me about some of her awesome professors and some recent crazy coffee orders. Even though we saw each other often, we always had so much to talk about; maybe something we forgot to say the previous time we were together.

After briefing each other, she decided to turn on some music and I started to make dinner. This was about the only things she would allow me to do. One, because I am a better cook; two, because I am a better cook and three, because I enjoy it so much. I cooked some spaghetti, the easiest meal ever. She always claims that when I make it, it becomes five-star cuisine. 

After dinner, we brushed our teeth and changed into pajamas to watch our favorite lesbian movie. For me, pajamas meant just a long tee- shirt. For her it meant a sports bra and basketball shorts. After I put away the leftovers and she got the DVD in, I joined her on the couch. She stretched out her arms for me to sit in her lap and we cozied up under her blanket. One of her hands rested on my knee. I was always hyper aware of where she was touching me. When she started to slowly creep her hand up my thigh, it became harder and harder for me to concentrate on the movie. I grabbed her hand when she started to trace little circles on my inner thigh.

"You are driving me crazy." She just chuckled. After a while her hand began to wander again. She moved it closer and closer to my heat. I am sure she could hear my breathing change as she traced circles on my skin again. She made the revolutions bigger to the point where she was touching my outer lips. When she finally ran her hand over my mound, I arched my back, resting my head on her shoulder. 

"Babe, you're going to miss your favorite part," she whispered in my ear as she separated my lips with her long fingers. She massaged my lips, spreading my slick moisture over my clit. I moaned loudly as one of her fingers was buried within me. She brought her other hand up my shirt to play with my nipples as she fingered me. My hips moved on their own, grinding into her finger. The sound of my moans and the wet sound of her plunging in and out of me over-powered the TV. Then she added fingers causing me to moan her name. She went faster and curled her fingers, hitting exactly the right spot. Her kisses and nibbles on my neck pushed me over the edge. My whole body quivered as she brought me to my climax. She didn't stop. She continued to finger, only slower and kiss me. When I thought she would stop she would just speed back up, pushing me over the edge again. She kept going until I was begging her to stop. My sensitive pussy was throbbing. She continued to kiss me on my neck and shoulder, sending little jolts throughout my body. I was panting and exhausted. She gave me a chance to cool down before suggesting that we go to bed. 

Once in her room, I laid down on the bed too exhausted to even pull back the covers. She crawled up between my legs. I shook my head as she began to lick up the juices on my inner thigh.

"Too much," I exclaimed as I weakly pushed on the top of her head.

"Just let me clean you up," she coaxed as she continued to gently lick me.

She gently spread me open and made long licks up my slit. I couldn't help but gasp as her hot tongue made contact with my wet folds. She slowly licked me, making long strokes with her tongue. She made sure to avoid my clit. I cried out when she darted her tongue inside me and I could feel a smile on her lips. She kissed her way up my stomach and pulled off my shirt. Her lips made contact with mine, and I could taste myself on her tongue. Her tongue darted into my mouth, swirling around mine.

My hands traveled up her flat stomach to her breast. I cupped her breast and she groaned into my mouth. I pulled her bra off, breaking our passionate kiss. I played with her nipples. She just bit her lip as she gazed into my eyes. Suddenly she got up and left the room.

"I'll be right back. I'm not done with you," she called as she exited the room. I sat up in her bed and waited for her to come back. My mind started wandering as I wondered what she was doing. After a while, she finally returned. I looked up and was surprised by what I saw. She was wearing only a harness, with a rather long dildo attached. I smiled at her and felt my excitement rise as she crossed the distanced between us. She took my face in her hands and kissed me softly. I took her toy in my hands and stroked it. She groaned as she watched me play with it.

"Do you like it?" she asked. She seemed a little nervous or insecure. 

"It's really big," I commented.

"I'll be gentle," she promised. I threaded my fingers through her hair as I kissed her. I was a little nervous. I kissed along her jaw and down to her perky breast. Her hands came to rest on my ass as I swirled my tongue around her nipples. She would squeeze my ass when I sucked her nipples into my mouth. Her hand made its way to my waist when I kissed her. She laid me down on the bed and positioned herself between my legs. She took one of my nipples into her mouth. She planted little kisses all over my chest before sucking the other nipple. 

She took her dildo in her hand and rubbed it up down on my inner lips. She left it at my entrance and slowly started to thrust into me. I held my breath as it filled me up. She slowly pushed it all the way in. I could feel it pressing against the very end of my pussy. I was surprised it all fit. She left it there, letting me get used to the size. I gasped as she slowly started to thrust in and out of me. I clutched her back and she started going faster. She groaned into my ear when I started to grind into her thrusts. Even though she was as deep as she could go, I wanted more. She pounded harder into my pussy. She struggled to capture one of my nipples in her mouth as she pounded into me. I was sure I was leaving marks on her back.

Suddenly, she flipped us over somehow managing not to slip out. I gasped in surprise. She didn't miss a beat as she continued to thrust into me, pulling me down harder onto her by my hips. Her hands grasped my hips tightly as I rode her. I rocked my hips back and forth faster with her entire length within me. I thought I was going to explode. I screamed as we climaxed at the same time.