 Where should I begin to tell you one of the most unexpected nights I've ever had? OK, fair enough, I'll try not to jump right in, to keep you wondering...

I think it was an instant, not more, that caught my eye. It wasn't a full body shot, nor a face shot -- it was the sneaky little camera in my mind that just happened to zoom in on her blouse from the side. In that second the front of the thin fabric opened up, enough to show me, and only me, the profile of her right breast, which was white, small but firm. A second later she finished her catwalk and turned to go. I got only one look at her face as she stopped and turned around once more. Cropped platinum blonde hair on ear level with bangs almost covering her eyes, full lips the color of well-made Bloody Mary and skin as white as her right breast, which had mesmerized me just seconds ago.

Surely that description was sufficient to find her. I have that lovely card that says ``Press`` and I'm not to be denied backstage, since I'm huge in the business, despite my youth. With that confidence I sneaked backstage in the middle of the show, searching for her. Never the shy one, I knocked on the dressing room door and got in, closing the door behind me. Only a few models were there, dressing and undressing... She was standing naked in front of the mirror, doing neither, but combing her hair. My approach didn't go unnoticed and she turned to me, revealing all to my eyes, which were actually calmly focused on her face.

She studied my face and took a mental full shot of me. Then she gestured me to sit, while lighting a cigarette; she breathed down the smoke twice, only to put it out right afterwards. Weird thing was, no questions were asked; I sat by a gorgeous naked woman, who didn't seem to wonder, who the strange young woman was.

I was the one to break the queer silence. I told her that I worked for a newspaper and would like to talk to her about the still ongoing show. She looked me in the eyes and words spilled from the lips: ``The Plaza, 9 o'clock. No cops or you'll be sorry! `` The lips were curled in a mischievous grin by the end of the sentence, which was quite encouraging. 

So I got up and headed home. The good thing about my job is the money I can spend on interesting things, like the Playboy wax I'd gotten 4 days ago; only my elegant brown hair and eyebrows were intact, other than that I didn't have a single hair on my body. At home I took a shower and put lotion on every inch of my smooth body. Since clothes are meant to be taken off anyway, I don't spend too much time creating an ensemble. I wore black thongs, a mini skirt that matched my knee-high boots and a white shirt, transparent enough to show everyone that my bra was black. In a small bag I threw my car keys, house keys, lipstick, a notepad and a pen. It was a quarter to 9 and I had a 10-minute drive. I didn't hurry, knowing she'd show up late to meet me.

Well, I guess we had similar thoughts: just as I made my entrance into the lobby, she stepped out of the elevator. My camera was working again; slinky black dress and ballerina shoes with ribbons, crawling up her lean legs. The hair was real after all, such an androgen cut on such a feminine creature -- surprisingly it makes a killer combo! I could have her right there and then, but there actually are a few rules of civilization that I obey. Thus we sat on a fancy sofa. A waiter appeared out of nowhere, brought us two cups of cappuccino, which I didn't recall ordering, and left just as quickly.

The queer silence was there again. The cups hid our mouths, so we simply returned the intense gaze of each other. I knew the interview was not going to happen and so did she, but we kept on sitting, with cups in our hands. Then she looked at her watch and said `nine-oh-four`. I thought she was telling me the time; then it dawned on me that it was her room number in the hotel. She threw a 50-dollar bill onto the table and left for the elevator, after giving me a daring look. Clearly she liked being in charge, but I just didn't feel like being a too keen slave, so I sat and looked around. A few, very handsome men went through the lobby and one of them smiled my way, but I was too distracted by then. I finally got up and went to the elevator, wondering what was awaiting me. Indeed, I felt a growing desire. After all, it had been this very same feeling that had lured me to her. The elevator stopped and I got out, found her door and waited a few seconds, listening for any possible sounds -- there was none. I pushed the door and it opened. The welcoming was very warm indeed, you might say. Right across the door was the bed and she was on it; completely naked and with her legs spread, she was watching me. I didn't need any more encouraging, but she stopped me in the middle of the room and snapped her fingers. The handsome guy I saw at the lobby appeared out of nowhere, minus the clothes and plus a 9-incher. He accompanied me to the end of the bed, turned me around to face her and made me bend over. As I got a close-up on her hairless pussy, he slid my thongs to the side and started licking me. I couldn't stay still, and I was rewarded with a slap on my ass. My eyes searched for hers and she simply said `He has to fuck you first, and then you can touch me. Until then, I'll watch and you'll fuck! ` He was more than ready, I could tell. His tongue was soon replaced with something a little less wet, but quite hard. My thongs were probably torn off before I even knew what was happening, but other than that, I was still dressed, with my face just inches from her wet hole, that was constantly stimulated by her fingers. As he rocked my body, I watched her get wetter and wetter; I couldn't wait to taste her. For a second, I thought that if I could only reach out and touch her, I'd win - obviously I was wrong. The gorgeous guy slipped out of me, pulled me by the waist and threw me onto the bed, right after she hopped off it. I was lying on my back as he pushed his huge cock in me once more. It was really getting to me and I closed my eyes to focus on this amazing fuck, rather than on her. It worked miraculously; I spread my legs wide and he finally touched the right spot. Heat was radiating from my body and my toes went numb as the orgasm traveled through my body. He, on the other hand, still hadn't come, but stopped nonetheless and disappeared. When I opened my eyes, hands were roaming around my body, soft hands that smelled like papaya. She was undressing me gently, caressing me in the meanwhile and my desire surfaced once more, like I hadn't come seconds ago. I took one of her hands and rested it on my left nipple. She played with it first and then I watched her lean on me and close her lips on my nipple. The way she flicked her tongue above my nipple just drove me crazy and I held her head there, making sure she spent enough attention. I was getting wet again, but before anything steamier *if possible* happened, I wanted to kiss this gorgeous creature; so I pulled her to my lips, while pushing her body slowly over me. The first touch of her wet pussy against mine had almost the same effect as touching my g-spot, but I held back, as well as I could; I wanted this evening to last a lot longer than that. My hands went south; they felt the smooth white skin that got warmer with every inch on the way down. We were still kissing, but our eyes were open, trying to guess each other's moves. I most definitely didn't expect to be left alone on the bed so soon, but that's what she did -- she just disappeared. Luckily she didn't leave me guessing for long, she returned with a huge silver dildo, but I just couldn't see, how that thing was going to fit into any of us. Without even looking at me, she shoved the thing inside me and I screamed, as my walls stretched around the toy. You would think she'd give me time to adjust, but she didn't mind fucking me rapidly with the dildo and causing me a lot of pain. It took a very little while, before the pain became immense pleasure -- it was even better than the guy (although his ass compensated for what he lacked). My eyes closed again and my breathing got heavier. She must have been eyeing me very carefully, because she made the right moves at the exact right times: A bit before my orgasm, she took the dildo out and replaced it with her index finger, that curled inside me to find a very special spot, which would make me come and forget about everything else. I came unbelievably for the second time and was out of breath. Unexpectedly, she was behaving this time, waiting for me to come to my senses. It would just be too unfair to her, if I lay in the bliss of those orgasms all night long and ignored her, so I sat up, eager to go to work on her. I pushed her on her back and crawled on top of her, feeling her smooth thighs shiver with the touch of my cold hands. She was gazing into my eyes like she was hypnotized and I realized that I'd just got control over her; I could do anything to her and she wouldn't resist. The feeling of power turned me on so much, that I skipped a whole chapter of caressing her body and dived into her pussy like a madman. Her moans filled me ears and my pussy was leaking again with excitement; but if mine was wet, you should have seen hers... I rubbed my nose against her hard clit and her body stiffened instantly. Then my tongue darted out from between my lips and slid in her lips, licking and sucking on anything it could find. Her breathing got heavier and she was writhing on the bed, but I couldn't let her come without having a taste of that huge dildo. It was lying on the side of the bed, still wet with my juices and I wanted to see it slide into her depths. Grasping it from one end, I pushed the head of it in her. Very slowly a few inches went inside and then I took it out to see her open pussy. The sight I took in was a very wet and pink paradise, but it could still get wetter. I pushed the dildo in again, this time with more force and it went all the way. She screamed just once, and then raised her hips to meet my thrusts. Her eyes were closed and she was biting her lips as I rammed the toy cock into her. I wanted to come with her, share that ecstasy at the same time and collapse on her, so I leveled my own pussy with the end of the toy I was holding. I must have got so wet watching and fucking her that it just slid in me in one movement. As I moved my ass up and down on the dildo, our bodies pressed and our clits rubbed against each other. She couldn't take it anymore and came after one last thrust. Seconds later I was there, too, seeing stars in front of my eyes. After it was over, she still looked so incredible. She gestured the guy to bring her cigarettes and lit up one, just like in the dressing room, to smoke it for 5 seconds. She licked her lips as she looked at me, and I felt like we could start over again. Now wouldn't that be fantastic...