 Rebecca stood in the middle of the restaurant and bit her lip hard. Her cheek stung from Brian's slap and she was desperately trying to hold back tears. As she looked around, the eyes of the patrons were looking anywhere but at her. They were embarrassed for her and tried to casually go back to enjoying their dinners.

She looked around and saw the washrooms to the left of her. She walked quickly towards the door and was thankful it was empty. As she splashed water on her face, she saw that her left cheek was a little redder then her right, but she figured there wouldn't be a bruise. Once she composed herself, she checked her cell phone. There was one message which she must have missed since her cell phone was on vibrate. As she listened to the voice on the other end of the phone, she smiled and then frowned. How it was possible to be both happy and sad at the same time, she didn't know. Rebecca was happy since the message was from Brian telling her he had had enough of her 'shit' and was moving out. She was sad because this wasn't the first time he said this and until she got home, she wouldn't know if it was another empty threat.

As she exited the washroom, she saw that everyone that had seen the incident was back to eating their dinner. She looked around and tried to figure out what she was going to do. She was hungry and wanted to eat something, but was feeling a little dejected. Before she had a chance to make up her mind, she heard a soft voice behind her.

"I'm sorry he slapped you." Rebecca turned around and was face to face with a petite redhead. She was a few years younger then Rebecca and had shoulder length red hair. She was wearing a red dress and matching shoes and had a look of concern on her face.

"It's fine. I deserved it." Rebecca had always said that to herself and to others. Most times her friends would nod and just say she should move on. This woman gave her a different response.

"No one deserves that. Have dinner with me."

Rebecca blinked. She was hungry and had made reservations for two at the restaurant.

"I don't even know your name."

"I'm Maeve."

Rebecca smiled and nodded. They walked quietly to the front and were seated quickly. Once seated, Maeve began to speak.

"My name is Maeve Short. And, yes, I know how ironic it is that I'm barely five feet tall and my last name is Short. I'm a college student and was supposed to meet a date here tonight. He cancelled and just as I was about to leave, I saw what happened to you. I figure we're both in the same situation so we might as well enjoy a nice dinner. I'm paying."

Rebecca watched as the petite redhead began to look over the menu. She was not used to having someone be so outspoken and truthful. She looked down at the menu and gasped at the prices. Brian was the one that suggested this restaurant and now she was slowly freaking out. She didn't have enough money to pay for a full meal with taxes and a tip. Her face must have shown her worry because Maeve spoke up.

"I'll pay. I have the money. Don't argue." Maeve sounded so sincere yet authoritative. She giggled and Rebecca couldn't help but giggle with her.

After they ordered, Rebecca leaned forward and began to speak.

"So why are you being so nice to me?"

"Because I was in an abusive relationship for two years and got out with a lack of self esteem and a few bruises."

"He's not abusive." Rebecca realized she blurted that out a little too fast.

"So tell me about yourself." Rebecca smiled and began to talk. The food arrived and they ate and chatted. Rebecca explained to Maeve how she worked in a call center for one of the large computer companies in the city. Maeve shared that she had just graduated with a degree in Biology and was in first year of medical school. By the end of the evening, Rebecca had completely forgotten what Brian had done to her. They walked out of the fancy restaurant towards Maeve's car. She had offered to drive Rebecca home since she lived on the way there anyway. Rebecca lived in an average sized apartment in a middle class neighbor. She was praying that Brian had indeed left.

"Well you hear you go." Maeve turned a bit and ran her fingers along Rebecca's cheek. Rebecca whimpered a bit and Maeve took that as a sign to continue. She leaned in and kissed Rebecca softly. Rebecca was reacting to the kiss. Her body was burning with desire and her pussy was wet. She wanted to pull away in disgust, but could only kiss her back. Maeve licked her tongue against Rebecca's lips and when they parted she moaned. Rebecca felt Maeve's tongue inside her mouth and she slid her hands through Maeve's hair. The car was filled with moans and whimpers. Suddenly, Rebecca pulled away.

"I have to go." Rebecca turned and fumbled to open the door. She practically ran into her building and was thankful someone was exiting so she didn't have to fumble with the front door keys. She didn't even turn around. Maeve frowned a bit. She was worried this was what would happen. She pulled her car out of the parking lot and made her way home.

Rebecca hit the button for the elevator and tried to calm her breathing. She had never kissed a girl before and here she was French kissing someone she had just met. She tapped her left foot as the elevator went up to her floor. She was hoping and praying that Brian was really gone. As she opened the door to her apartment, she heard the distinct sounds coming from her bedroom. She rushed in and gasped as she saw Brian fucking some young blonde woman.

"What the fuck are you doing?" Rebecca stared as her boyfriend Brian continued to fuck this blonde girl on her bed. Brian turned around and stared.

"This is my apartment too. Get the fuck out bitch!"

Rebecca glanced over Brian's shoulder and was thankful she didn't recognize the blonde woman that was lying naked on her bed.

"Fine." Rebecca turned and began to leave. She had barely left the bedroom when Brian continued to do what he did best. Rebecca had no idea where she was going to go. It was late and she had work the next morning. She grabbed a blanket from the hall closet and removed her high heels. She tossed and turned, trying to get comfortable on the couch. As Rebecca closed her eyes, all she could think of was Maeve.

Rebecca woke up the next morning and was thankful that Brian and the blonde girl were still asleep. She snuck around the apartment and got ready for work. She quickly grabbed her purse and wrote a quick note to Brian. She had so much going on in her life right now and her brain was about to explode.

She got to her desk and settled in for the day. She put the headset on and turned on her computer. She had a pile of phone calls to make along with whatever phone calls came in. She never got ahead and wished there were more hours in the day. The day went by quickly and at lunch she decided to call her sister to see if she could stay over for a few days. She had done it before and knew her sister would help her again. She reached into her purse and realized her cell phone was gone. "Fuck" she whispered under her breath. She tried to think of where she had left it. She had had it last night when Brian had left a message. She had checked the message in the restaurant. After that, she had been driven home by Maeve and then had entered her apartment. She hoped it was either at the restaurant or in Maeve's car. Of course if Maeve had it, she had no way of getting it from her. It wasn't like they have exchanged numbers or anything.