 Rebecca woke up in the middle of the night and felt Maeve against her. She grinned and felt her pussy wet and sore. She wanted to return the favor and moved between Maeve's legs. She parted her thighs and breathed in the scent of her juices. She leaned down and began to do what she loved to have done to her. She was so aroused at the feeling of Maeve's hard clit flicking against her tongue and when she sank two fingers inside her pussy, Maeve opened her eyes and moaned.

"Oh God baby. Don't stop." Maeve watched as Rebecca carefully licked her pussy. She was so cute about it and Maeve didn't want to scare her away.

"Keep licking. You're doing great. Oh god." Maeve arched her back and began to cum. She cried out Rebecca's name and pulled her close.

"Was that your first time doing that to another woman?"

Rebecca nodded.

"Mmm. That was amazing." The two women fell asleep again.

After their first date, the two women were a couple. When they were around Maeve's friends, she made it perfectly clear that Rebecca was her girlfriend. Around Rebecca's friends, Maeve was either her girlfriend or best friend. Maeve understood that in a work environment bringing up a relationship that still wasn't completely accepted would be bad. Either way, they spent almost every night together. They were truly growing both emotionally and sexually.

***

Rebecca cuddled up against Maeve. They had been dating for a few months and were very relaxed around each other. They were both in panties and t-shirts and were watching some romantic comedy.

"You're beautiful." Maeve ran her tongue against Rebecca's neck and before she knew it Rebecca had pushed her onto her back.

"You drive me crazy you know." Maeve just grinned as Rebecca yanked down her purple panties and threw them behind her. She spread her pussy lips and began to lick up and down. She had been nervous the first time she had done this, but since Maeve was always so horny she had lots of practice. She knew exactly where to lick to drive her crazy and before she knew it, Maeve was cumming all over her face. Rebecca leaned up and the women kissed softly. Maeve could taste her juices on Rebecca's lips and it turned her on so much.

"Mmm. And to think you once liked guys." Rebecca laughed. Before she met Maeve, she had been in a heterosexual relationship. It was a bad abusive relationship and she was happy to report that girls were better. Maeve was amazing and the last few months had been wonderful. Later that night the women fell asleep in each other's arms.

The next day Maeve made her way to school. She was in medical school and loved every minute of it. She was really intelligent even though she just looked cute and petite. She loved being at the head of the class when the geeky guys assumed they'd get the highest marks. Rebecca worked at a computer company in the call center. It was hard work, but paid enough for her to get by. At the end of the day, Rebecca's cell phone was ringing and she answered it.

"Hello."

"H sweetie. I have bad news. I'm going to be busy for the next few days. I have a huge assignment to complete plus work is busy too. Are you mad?"

Rebecca pouted. She loved spending time with Maeve, but knew she was much busier with work and school. She didn't know what Maeve did for work. It wasn't something that they discussed, but she rarely worked so it wasn't a big deal.

"That's fine. I'll miss you."

Maeve hung up the phone and frowned. She hated lying to Rebecca, but what she didn't know wouldn't hurt her. She had tried to not work so much, but her school scholarship wasn't covering everything, plus, she enjoyed having the extra money.

Rebecca got home from work and after dinner, and a nice bath, she lay in bed and realized she was horny. She reached over for the present that Maeve had given her. It was a pink rabbit vibrator and the two women had had hours of fun with it. She turned it on and pushed it inside her in one thrust. She loved the feeling of being so full and the little beads were driving her crazy. She imagined it was her girlfriend thrusting the vibrator in and out of her pussy. She could just imagine the fiery red head kneeling and watching as she came over and over again. She missed Maeve so much and was so desperate to have her near.

Rebecca cried out and began to cum. She turned the vibrator up a notch and held it inside her. Her legs were shaking and her second orgasm was so intense she could barely breath. She normally would have removed the vibrator and tried to recover, but she knew what she needed. She kept the little pink rabbit inside her and held it there. Her pussy was vibrating, causing her abdominal muscles to quiver. Her inner thighs were shaking and she could feel the pressure building. She titled the vibrator against her gspot and screamed. It was a loud scream and as she removed the rabbit, she gushed. It was a long squirt that coated the sheets. She fell back and quickly turned off the vibrator before passing out.

***

"Sure we can go to dinner. Five o'clock sounds great."

Rebecca hung up her phone and smiled. She had not seen her sister in over three months. Both of them had been busy and it wasn't from a lack of trying. Now that Rebecca had more time since Maeve was busy with school, this was the perfect time. They agreed to meet at this Thai restaurant on the outskirts of town. Julie was dating this businessman who loved exotic foods. She was desperate to get her little sister to try out new foods since she knew Rebecca only ate Italian and American foods.

They arrived at the restaurant and were seated quickly. The two sisters began to catch up on each other's lives and Rebecca was eager to tell Julie about Maeve. Julie was shocked to find out her sister was dating a woman, but she really didn't care. As long as she treated her right, she was fine with it. Brian had been an asshole and no matter what Julie said, Rebecca wouldn't listen. She was happy that Maeve had given Rebecca the self-esteem and courage to move on with her life. After dinner, they walked down the street to Julie's car. The restaurant was in a residential area and didn't have a parking lot. Rebecca glanced over and gasped. There on the other side of the road, walking towards the restaurant was Brian and Maeve.