 When I woke up several hours later, Lisa was gone and the sun was shining. There was a note on her pillow, "Gone to get bagels for breakfast, will be back soon."

I stretched then sat up. I couldn't believe the night we'd had. I finally had been made love to by a woman. The memory of it was nearly enough to make me consider giving up men. I caressed my breasts as I remembered the things Lisa had done to me and started to get moist again.

The dildo was on the end of the bed. I reached down to pick it up and rubbed it in my juices to coat it before slipping it into my pussy. I slowly moved it in and out as I pictured Lisa on her knees behind me and me watching her fuck me in the mirror. My other hand was lightly rubbing my clit.

I moaned softly as I brought myself closer to orgasm. I closed my eyes as I remembered how her skin felt, her smell, her touch. Just as I started to peak the door opened. Lisa had returned with the bagels and coffee. 

"Oh my!" she gasped. I blushed a deep red as I pulled my hands away, the dildo still buried deep inside me. 

I looked past Lisa and out the open door. Jeremy, the guy from the night before, was standing there, rooted in place. His mouth had literally dropped open and I could see his cock pressing against his pants.

Lisa realized that the door was still open and quickly closed it, smiling at Jeremy as she did. She put the coffee and bagels on the desk and practically threw herself at the bed. "Let me finish you off," she insisted as she buried her face against my pussy.

I whimpered as she slowly moved the dildo in and out of me as she hungrily licked my clit. "Oh god Lisa," I moaned. I pictured Jeremy standing in the doorway watching as Lisa tended to my needs.

Her mouth was so wonderful and the thought of being watched was all I needed to start cumming again. Lisa shoved the dildo deep inside me as I came, my muscles tightening around the toy, and my juices spilled onto the bed.

"Feel better?" Lisa asked with a grin and slid the toy out of me.

"Yes, much, thank you," I replied and softly kissed her. I rolled her over then straddled her hips. I grinded my mound against hers as I leaned forward to play homage to her breasts. I licked and sucked on the nipples as my hands massaged the flesh. She moaned her approval.

I laid across her body, our breasts pressed against each others, and kissed her again. "I love your body," I whispered. "I could make love to you all day."

"Mmm ... that would be nice," she replied as she ran her fingers through my hair then pulled my face towards her for another kiss. "Eat me out so I can cum and we can have breakfast."

"Your wish is my command," I giggled as I slowly kissed my way down her neck and across her chest to her breasts then over her belly to the tip of her mound. I kissed her inner thighs then parted the lips to reveal her clit. 

I grinned then lightly blew air across the hardened nub. She lifted her hips off the bed and moaned softly. "Eat me," she pleaded as her hands pressed my face into her pussy. I licked all around her clit in circles then ran my flat tongue over it before returning to my ever shrinking circles around the nub. 

I slipped two fingers into her drenched pussy as I licked directly on her clit. I made a "come here" motion with the fingers buried deep inside her. She gasped loudly as I found her G-spot with my fingertips. "Yes ... oh ... just like that ... more," she begged.

I continued my ministrations as she humped her mound against my mouth. I could feel her body starting to tense, and I started licking her clit directly. "Nan! Oh god! Yes! I'm cumming!" she cried out. I licked and fingered her until she was done cumming.

She ran her fingers through my hair as I rested my head against her thigh. "Thank you," she said.

"You're welcome," I said with a smile. I hugged her leg as we recovered. 

"I'm starving!" she said a few minutes later.

"Me too," I replied. We slipped off the bed and made our way to the desk. I added cream and sugar to my coffee then sat down next to Lisa at the small table.

We connecting again and wholeheartedly agreed this was something we wanted to keep doing. When we finished I took a shower and got dressed. I gave her my phone number and thanked her for the memorable evening, then kissed her good-bye

When I left the room Jeremy was standing down the hall. I think I saw the lump in his pants swell even more. I winked at him then headed out to my car to make the two hour drive home.