 "They're cute at this age, aren't they," she said.

"I guess so," I replied laughing.

"So innocent, and without a care in the world."

I just nodded my head, taking my eyes off the kids for a second to see who this stranger was. She looked about my age -- thick caramel colored girl with curly brown hair, and pretty light brown eyes. I smiled and looked back at the playground. I waved, and my little ones waved back. Her two were younger than mine -- they came over to give their mommy a hug, and looked at me shyly. I just smiled.

"I'm Heidi," she said.

I raised my eyebrow. I'd never heard of a sister named Heidi.

I guess she was used to that response. She laughed, "My mama's white."

"Oh okay," I said. "I'm Miranda." I held out my hand for a quick handshake. She held it a little longer than I was comfortable with, but I felt a jolt of electricity going through my body. 

We sat on the park bench silently for a few more minutes, enjoying the warm sun, and watching the kids. I could feel her eyes on me, and I was a little curious.

"Do..."

"Where..."

"Go ahead," she laughed.

"No you go ahead."

"I was gonna ask if you come to this park often. I've never seen you here," Heidi said.

"No," I replied. "Just got divorced and moved from about twenty miles away, just far enough from him." I hoped not to sound bitter.

"I'm sorry."

"No, it's okay."

"I'm separated," she said. "It's rough."

I nodded my head in agreement.

"He's in Iraq, but we weren't together even before he left. " She sounded sad.

"That must be hard."

"We talk every week when he calls the kids. We might work it out if he grows up before he gets back."

I laughed. "Do they ever?"

"I doubt it."

Another few moments of awkward silence followed. 

Ring, Ring

"Excuse me, I need to get this."

I turned my head.

"No you can't get them today! You have them next weekend..... I'm not at home." I hoped I didn't sound like I was whining. "No, I don't need a break!"

I snapped my phone shut, thankful for the dark glasses, so she couldn't see the tears stinging my eyes. 

"Him, huh," she said.

I silently nodded my head. The hurt and betrayal was still almost too much to bear. I had only been with one man my entire life, and he ripped my heart to shreds.

"Do you want to talk about it?"

"Nothing to say, really. I just shouldn't have answered that damn phone!"

She put her hand on my shoulder. "I know we just met, but I'm a good listener, and by the looks of it, our kids have become friends so we might be here awhile."

"No offense, but I just want to have a nice day and forget Lorenzo exists."

"You're beautiful, Miranda."

"Huh?" 

"It worked!" she laughed. "You forgot all about him, didn't you?"

"Yup. Girl, I thought you was trying to hit on me."

Heidi got real quiet for a second. Looking off at the kids she said, "And if I was?"

"Ummmmm...."

"You look like you did when I told you my name was Heidi."

"I don't know what to say. I've never had a girl say that to me."

"I'm surprised," she said.

"Why? Do I give off a lesbian vibe or something?"

"No. You're just sexy. It's not even a lesbian thing. I saw you walking over here in those jeans, turning heads."

"I don't feel very sexy today." 

"Trust me," she said, "you are."

I thanked her, now looking at her in a different way, wondering, mind wandering.

"Nahhh," I thought to myself. "I love dick too much."

I still wondered what it would be like to kiss her.

"I have an idea. Your kids like McDonalds?"

"What kids don't?"

"Let's take them -- there's one about a mile from here with a play land. "

I whistled for my boys, and she called over her kids.

"You guys hungry?" I asked.

"Yes," they answered in unison, jumping up and down. "We want Mickey D's!" 

I looked at Heidi and smiled.

She winked.

"Alright," I told her. "I'll follow you."

She buckled her kids into their seats, and I adjusted my mirror, watching her. 

"Who's that lady," my oldest one said.

"Just a nice lady I met at the park."

"Is she going to Mickey D's with us?"

"Yes."

"Okay Mommy. We can play with her kids again!" He sounded excited.

It only took five minutes to get to McDonalds. We walked in the door, and I ordered the usual meals for the kids, and a hazelnut iced coffee and chicken selects for myself. Heidi got her food too, and we made our way to a table in the play land area. The kids were so excited, but we managed to get them to eat, and off they ran to play.

"Have you ever been with a girl Miranda?"

"Hell no, and I've only been with one man."

Her eyes got really big. "Are you serious?"

"Yup. My dad was a deacon in the church, so I was really sheltered. He had a fit when I got divorced. He blames me."

"That's bullshit," she said defending me.

"Exactly. It doesn't matter that I caught Lorenzo with his dick in my friend's mouth. It's my fault because I wasn't performing my wifely duties. I never really even liked sex. But I have my kids, so it's ok."

"That's crazy. I love sex!"

"I imagine that it could be nice, but Lorenzo was just concerned with himself. I tried too. I read books, looked online. I tried everything. He never even made me cum."

"You never had an orgasm?" Heidi looked appalled.

"Yes, I have! I said HE never made me cum! I've masturbated a lot in the last few months"

"Mmmmmm," she said, eyes half closed. 

I laughed, a bit uncomfortable that I was sharing this information with someone I barely knew.

"Do you have any toys?"

"Toys?" I asked with a puzzled look on my face.

"Toys," she said. "You know vibrators, bullets, dildos?"

"No," I said feeling very embarrassed.

"So what do you use when you masturbate?"

"My hands"

"Oh Miranda, we have to take a trip to the 'toy store' sometime."

"Okay," I replied hesitantly.

"Don't worry. I been there quite a few times. I'll help you."

I just smiled. 

We talked some more about kids and movies, work and things in general. After an hour and a half, the kids were exhausted. 

"I guess we better get going." I said.

"We should get together again." Heidi replied. "Let's exchange numbers."

We swapped phones and entered our digits. 

I handed the phone back. 

"Say Cheese Miranda. "

I smiled. She put my picture with my phone number, and I did the same.

She reached over to give me a quick hug. "You really are sexy," she whispered.

"You are too," I replied shocking myself.

"I'll call you."

"Okay, bye Heidi"

Her kids looked out shyly from behind her.

My kids waved, "Bye."

The next day, I waited anxiously for Heidi to call. I went about my daily routine, and the phone never left my side.

Finally around nine, the phone rang. 

"Hey Miranda, its Heidi. Sorry to call you so late."

"It's cool. I just put the kids in bed."

"Me too. I'm exhausted. Hey, are you free this weekend?"

"Yes. My ex gets the kids Friday night, and brings them back Sunday afternoon."

"I was thinking of asking my mother-in-law to keep the kids for the weekend. She hasn't seen them in a month."

"You two get along?" I asked.

"Oh she loves me," she said. "She's just been out of town."

"oh okay."

"If she says yes, do you want to get together?"

"Sure." I answered.

"Okay, I'll call you as soon as I found out. Good night sexy."

"Good night," I said, feeling a twitching between my legs.

I turned off the lights and climbed into bed. I turned on my favorite CD and closed my eyes. All I saw was Heidi's face. My fingers had a mind of their own as I began to touch myself. It didn't take long before a river was flowing down my fingers. I could almost hear Heidi saying "Cum for me baby." I called out her name as my body released wave after wave of the best orgasm I'd had yet.

I slept like a baby that night.

Heidi called me on Thursday. "Good news," she said. "My mother-in-law will get the kids from daycare tomorrow and keep them 'til Sunday!"

"Looks like we'll both be kidless."

"Let's go to a club," she said.

"I'm not really the club type."

"Neither am I, but we'll have fun, I promise. We can let loose, cause no one will know us."

"Ok Heidi. I'll see you tomorrow."

We set up the time and place and hung up.

I got home from work, and got in the shower. Heidi and I were meeting at 6 for dinner before we went to the club. "Wear something sexy," she had told me, so I did my best. I put on a pair of black thongs under my tight jeans, and black high heeled sandals to compliment my fresh pedicure. I then slipped on my strapless black bra and a cute black tube top. I sprayed on some Armani Code, and made sure my hair and make-up were perfect.

Grabbing my keys, cell phone and purse, I made my way to the restaurant. Heidi saw me walk in the door and got up to hug me. Planting a kiss right on my lips she said, "Damn Miranda. You lookin' hot girl."

"You are too," I said. She was wearing a short red dress that hugged her curves in all the right places. 

We were lucky enough to catch the end of the happy hour, so we didn't have to buy any food, and the drinks were cheap. Heidi and I got quite a few looks, but after about 45 minutes, she asked if I wanted to go to the club.

"Okay," I said hesitating. "I'm not much of a dancer."

"We'll see about that. Hey why don't we drop your car at my house so we can ride together."

We dropped my car off, and soon pulled up to a somewhat secluded building.

"CLUB LA-LA" the discreet sign read. I'd never heard of it.

We got out of the car, and Heidi grabbed my hand. "I've never been here," she admitted, "but at least here no one will stare at us."

I didn't quite understand what she was talking about until we walked in the door. The club was dimly lit, the music was thumping, and there was not a man in sight -- not even the bartender.

Heidi pulled me to the dance floor, and began to gyrate her body. I followed her lead, putting my hands up in the air. All around the dance floor were women, some coupled, some dancing alone. There were young girls, older women, BBW's, skinny "bitches," black, white. It was a smorgasbord of sexy ladies. A few couples were making out right on the dance floor. I tried not to stare, and tried to ignore the growing ache between my legs. 

"Miranda. Look" Heidi said pointing. There was a raised platform in corner of the room, and two girls were dancing in front of a rapt audience. We got as close as we could, and realized that they were almost naked. They wore the tiniest of bikinis, barely covering their full breasts, and hairless pussies. 

Heidi was standing right behind me, and I could feel her chest pushing into my back. The feeling of her combined with the erotic scene before me made my heart race.

Heidi put her arms around me and her hand touched my bare stomach. Her fingers played with my belly button ring and I heard her say, "that's sexy."

The girls on stage began to make out to the cheers of the audience. I felt lightheaded as Heidi's fingers started to caress my breasts. One girl sat on a chair, and the other leaned in front of her. They never removed their clothing, but the simulated sex scene got the crowd excited. Everyone on the floor was kissing or touching. The sexual tension was insane. 

"We're locking the doors ladies," I heard over the loud speaker. That seemed like the cue for everyone to turn up the heat. 

I looked to the stage just in time to see a bare pussy. 

"Can they do that in here?" I yelled to Heidi over the music.

"I guess so," she said. "Looks like fun to me!"

All around me, I saw bare breasts, hands groping and tongues licking. Heidi turned me around and grabbed the back of my head, kissing me. I closed my eyes and kissed back. She tasted so sweet -- nothing like the few men I kissed. Her skin was smooth, her lips full, and I was getting more aroused by the minute. 

I broke away from the kiss and looked away.

"I hope I didn't offend you," she said.

"Not at all."

"Let's get a drink."

We walked to the bar, and she ordered us both a chocolate martini.

We sat on the barstools facing the dance floor and sipped on our drinks. 

"Did you like it when I kissed you, honestly?"

I nodded my head and smiled. I was quiet as I finished my drink and watched the erotic scene before me. 

Heidi tapped my arm. "I have to go to the little girl's room."

"Me too," I said. 

We grabbed our purses off of the bar and headed toward the back of the club. The bathroom was a little lighter than the club but still dim, except for some accent lighting pointed toward the mirrors. I guessed it was so that we could see to put our lipstick back on. I wasn't prepared for what else I saw. There was a lounge area with a few couches. Two white girls were laying, one on top of the other, almost naked and making out. I caught myself staring, and Heidi grabbed my arm. 

"Does that turn you on," she asked.

Once again all I could do was nod my head. That was all the encouragement Heidi needed. She pushed me down to the other couch and straddled my lap. Grabbing the back of my head, she began to kiss me passionately. There was nothing tender about this kiss. It was full of raw animal intensity. Much to my own surprise, I kissed back. It was so different from kissing a man. Her lips were full and soft and tasted like a cherry jolly rancher.

I closed my eyes and everything around me suddenly seemed quiet. I only heard my heart beating and the sound of her tongue darting in and out of my mouth. She pulled my head back, and ran her tongue down my neck. I was completely under her spell. I felt her pelvis begin to grind into me, and my hips rose up off the seat to meet her. 

She kissed and licked a sensual pattern down my neck, and I felt her hand push down my tube top and expose my swollen breast. 

A moan escaped my lips, and Heidi looked up at me and licked her lips first, then my nipple. I looked in amazement at a sight I had never seen. My breast in the mouth of another woman. My back arched in an attempt to get my pussy even closer to her. I could feel it throbbing and I was sure my thong was completely soaked. 

She stopped licking my nipple for a moment, and pulled my head close to hers.

"Touch my pussy, Miranda."

I hesitated. I had never touched a pussy except my own. 

Heidi took my hand and guided it between her legs as she kissed me. 

"Don't be afraid," she murmured.

My hands felt the soft fullness of her thighs. My fingers traced the line of her panties and I nervously made my way into her most private area. She held onto the back of the couch with one hand, and pinched my nipple with the other.

"Almost there baby, don't stop." She begged.

Her lips felt smooth as velvet as my fingers ran up and down them several time. She lifted her hips up and spread her legs wide. My finger slid right into her wet, waiting pussy. She lowered her body, and began to fuck herself with my fingers. Her juices flowed down my hand, and she moaned with pleasure as she rode me. 

My fingers took on a mind of their own as I began to rub her clit with my thumb, just the way I rubbed my own. Heidi reached down and freed her heaving breast and in one motion, my lips were attached to her nipple. She moaned into my hair, and my fingers and lips moved even faster. Suddenly, I felt a warm gush, and heard her say, "I'm cumming."

The two girls on the other couch started clapping.

"You go girl. You get that pussy!"

I buried my face in her chest, embarrassed at the attention. 

"Miranda. Are you okay?" Heidi asked.

"Can we please leave?" I begged.

"Of course."

I watched Heidi adjust her clothes, and quietly put my fingers in my mouth. The taste was like nothing I have ever tasted. Heidi caught me, and grabbed my hand, bringing my fingers to her mouth. She licked each one slowly, and said, "let's go."

We walked quickly through the crowd of women. I heard the strains of Meshell Ndegeocello sensually singing "Beautiful," and watched the women's bodies sway to the slow beat. I couldn't wait to leave. I was so confused and yet so turned on by what had just happened.

We got into the car and rode silently back to Heidi's house, each lost in our own thoughts. I was confused, nervous, and scared, and completely aroused. I never thought of myself as a lesbian, or even a bisexual. What would my friends think? 

"We're here Miranda," Heidi said breaking the silence. We got out of the car, and headed into her place. No sooner had Heidi locked and shut the door, then she grabbed my hand and practically dragged me down the hallway to her bedroom. She pushed me onto the bed. My body stiffened up.

"Am I scaring you Miranda?"

I shook my head.

"I just want you so bad." She continued. "can I take your clothes off?"

I nodded my head.

Heidi removed my top, and touched my nipple.

A groan escaped my lips. Heidi smiled.

She reached down to remove my shoes, and told me to stand up. I did, and she unzipped my jeans, and removed them along with my panties, leaving me totally naked.

Heidi stared at my pussy and licked her lips. 

"Lay down Miranda." 

Heidi stood up, and lit a few candles, and turned on some music.

"why can't men be this romantic," I thought to myself.

She then lifted her dress over her head, revealing her large full breasts. I was almost ashamed at the longing feeling I had to wrap my lips around her large nipples again. But I didn't get that chance yet.

Heidi laid next to me, and began to kiss me. I closed my eyes, and let her take the lead. Her lips felt so good, I wanted her to taste every inch of me. Her tongue slowly left my lips, and started it's journey down my body.

She kissed my neck, and then took my left breast into her mouth. As her tongue circled my nipple, her hand found its way to my right nipple, stimulating it into a hard peak. She licked from one nipple to the other, shooting a bolt of electricity straight to my pussy. I could hardly keep still as my pussy was dripping wet and almost screaming for her tongue. She must have heard the cries, and she went straight for the goods. Her hands lifted my ass from the bed and she began to kiss all around my pussy. I struggled to get her lips on my clit, but she was in control of the situation. I began to pinch my nipples as I watched this dark haired beauty pleasure my pussy.

Heidi took her thumbs and parted my pussy lips. She looked up at me, winked, licked her lips, and her tongue was finally there. I took a deep breath and allowed my body to enjoy the feelings from her mouth. One long lap from my hole to my clit, and the orgasm was building. Her tongue zeroed in on my clit, and began to flicker over it ever so lightly. She looked right into my eyes, stopped licking for a minute and said, "does it feel good Mirande?"

"Yes, please don't stop."

Heidi buried her face between my legs, and licked me like I had never been licked before. Her lips vibrated on my clit, and I felt something amazing and unfamiliar. As the feeling began to build, Heidi slid one finger into my hold, and began to move it in and out rapidly. I couldn't take it anymore.

"Heidi," I cried. "What are you doing to me?"

She didn't stop, but added a second finger to my pussy, and worked me into a frenzy. My hips began to buck, and I felt suddenly wetter, as the powerful orgasm overtook my body. I shook and moaned something unintelligible as I as hit the peak, and began to descend into blissful oblivion.

Heidi took one last long lap of my pussy, and then kissed me deeply. I couldn't speak. 

She grabbed the throw from the bottom of the bed, covered me, and blew out all but one candle. I fell off to sleep feeling drunk and high from the new experience.