 Note: I suggest you read the first part of the story to understand the characters and the plot so far.

----------------------------------------------

Angie led Amanda back to the bar where they refreshed their drinks, and then led her into another room that Amanda had not seen yet. It was smaller than the room they had just come from, and there was soft music playing from speakers. There were a number of café tables set up around the room, some of which contained backgammon boards, decks of cards, and other games, and some were empty. Some of the tables were already occupied by small groups of women, and Angie said hello to a few of them but pointedly ignored getting engaged in conversations with them. She led Amanda to an empty table and they sat down, placing their drinks on the table.

"Look, Amanda," Angie began, "I didn't bring you here tonight to shock you or anything -- I really thought you could just use a fun night out, given some of the things you had said yesterday about your 'boring life as a faculty wife'." Angie used her fingers to put quotation marks around that last phrase.

Amanda began to respond. "No, that's. . ." but Angie placed her finger on Amanda's lips and said, "Shhh -- no talking, just listen for a few minutes, okay?"

Amanda nodded her assent as she smelled a mixture of margarita and Angie's perfume on her finger placed directly under her nostrils.

"Okay, good." Angie continued, "I just happen to like this place, it's a very friendly atmosphere, and I thought you would be comfortable here, given that it was just women. I know you've hung out with Ellyn in gay bars before, so I figured you'd be okay here."

"I am," Amanda started to respond, but quickly remembered to what she had agreed and silenced herself before Angie could say anything.

Angie smiled at her. "And then when you asked about the playroom, I decided that rather than glossing over it, that I should treat you like an adult and be honest with you. You obviously had some curiosity about it, so I decided you could see and judge for yourself. As you said, I guessed it wasn't likely you saw anything like that in Podunkville out there in the Midwest." This last statement she said with a smile, and Amanda smiled back and shook her head.

"Now, to get to your question. The answer is, yes, I have played around in there before, as you properly deduced. You know I've been in and out of relationships before, and when I'm in a commited relationship with someone, I honor that commitment and remain monogamous. But when I'm not in a relationship, I like to have fun and play around some. And I feel comfortable admitting to you that I do get a little bit of a rush playing in a setting like that, where I know people could be watching. As well as enjoying a little bit of voyeuristic action watching others in there too." She smiled again at Amanda as she said this.

Amanda smiled back in response, and slowly started to say, "Can I. . ."

Angie laughed heartily and said, "Yes, sweetie, go ahead and ask a question if you want. I've had my say for now."

"Okay, thanks, Ang," Amanda responded, "and thanks for sharing that with me, I appreciate your openness and willingness to trust that I wouldn't freak out either in seeing what went on in there, or in your telling me about your participation." As she said this she reached over and took Angie's hand in her own and squeezed it.

The two women sat like that for a few seconds, before Amanda took her hand back. "But public sex play like that, Ang -- can't the club get in trouble, or lose its license or something?"

Angie thought for a second. "Yeah, you're right -- they probably could. But I think because they keep it quiet, and they only allow the playroom on Girls Night Out, the licensing board either looks the other way or hasn't caught on. They use that room for other things the other nights of the week when it's a mixed crowd."

"Oh, okay, I guess that makes sense." 

They both sipped their drinks and were quiet for a moment. "I'm really okay with it," Amanda continued, "I think I was just shocked because I wasn't prepared for it, and as you correctly pointed out, we don't have places like this back home. Or at least not that I know if," she hastily added.

Angie laughed at this last clarifying statement. "Yeah, you're probably right, hon. But let me tell ya -- you never know! Some of those sweet moms at the neighborhood play group could be running off to clubs like this in nearby cities when you least expect it," she said with a wink.

She continued, "Or perhaps even some of those faculty wives you hang out with."

Amanda laughed again, happy to have the humor framing the conversation to make her feel less nervous talking about it. "Oh, I don't know about that."

"Well, would you believe that Kat herself is a college professor?" Angie asked her.

The look of shock on Amanda's face was priceless, thought Angie. "I should have had my camera phone ready for that one," she thought to herself.

"Yup, she teaches women's studies at Framingham State. And Sarah, the woman who asked if I wanted to join in and who" -- and here Angie decided to take a bit of a risk in speaking so crudely -- "was getting her tits tortured by Kat?"

"Yes?" Amanda inquired, her face screwing up a bit at the memory of the beating that the woman named Kat inflicted on the other woman.

"She's got a husband and 2 year-old son at home."

Amanda's mouth shot open in a perfectly round circle in shock at hearing this news. "Get out -- she's married?" she asked unbelievingly.

"Yup."

"Then what the hell was she doing here?"

Angie laughed. "Now that's a stupid question if I ever heard one -- what the fuck did it look like she was doing?" she asked with a big smile on her face.

"W. . .w. . w. . .," Amanda stammered.

Angie reached over and took Amanda's hand in hers again. "Look, hon. Sarah's a good friend, and I don't mind telling you this because I trust you'll keep it quiet. She has a wonderful relationship with her husband and is madly in love with him. But she's bisexual, and also likes to be with women, and as you saw, is obviously into some BDSM. She has a very open relationship with her husband, and gets to indulge her interest in sex with women by coming to a place like this. As I said earlier, it's a very safe environment -- she can come here, play with women, and not worry about some pervy guys trying to get a piece of the action. You know how 99.9% of guys have the fantasy of seeing two women going at it. So it's much safer for her to indulge her fantasies and act on them in an environment like this where she doesn't have to worry about strange guys." 

"And Kat," Amanda asked. "Is she a lesbian?"

Angie let go of Amanda's hand. "Yes, she identifies as lesbian -- not exactly unusual for a women's studies professor, huh?" Angie responded with a wink and a smile.

Amanda laughed back, "No, not at all I'm sure. I know a couple of the women's studies professors at the college, and they're both lesbians." Amanda finished the last of her wine before she continued. "So, um, how often do you come here and play, Ang?"

Angie smiled. "Oh, so you want to know if I come here often, huh? Well, not all that often, I guess. I'd say once every couple of months or so. I've been here on my own, as well as with a past lover who liked the scene also."

"And, uh, what kinds of things do you do when you go in there?" Amanda inquired, then adding quickly, "I mean, if you don't mind my asking?"

"Ah, so you want me to tell you about my sex life, huh? Trying to live vicariously through my adventures, Little Miss Faculty Wife?"

Amanda immediately blushed, an action that Angie could make out even in the subdued lighting in the room. "Well, I dunno, Ang, I'm sort of curious, and. . . .and. . ."

"That's okay, sweetie, I don't mind talking about it," Angie reassured her. "You know I'm pretty out there anyway, and I'm comfortable talking about tit torture, carpet munching, and ass worship." This last one she threw out there just to see if she could elicit an even deeper blush out of Amanda, and it had its desired effect. Amanda reached for her wine glass to take a gulp, but found it empty.

Angie threw her head back, laughing out loud. "Oh, I'm so sorry," she apologized, "I couldn't resist. Let me get you another glass of wine. It was Chardonnay, right?"

"No, I really shouldn't, I've had two already," Amanda began. 

But before she could go any further, Angie cut her off. "Oh, c'mon, the night's still young." She looked at her watch. "It's only 10:30, and you're not driving, I am. How many chances do you get to go out and enjoy yourself like this?"

The hurt look on Amanda's face made Angie realize that she had hit on a very sore subject. She lowered her voice, and leaned in across the table toward her. "Hey, Amanda, I'm sorry -- I didn't mean to hurt you or make fun of you."

"No, that's okay. The truth is, you're absolutely right. It's been so long since I've done something. . . .something. . . .," but she couldn't find the words to complete the sentence.

"Fun?" Angie asked, raising an eyebrow?

"No, that's not exactly it. Phil and I do fun things all the time, mostly with the kids, I guess."

"Well, how about something fun for yourself for once?" Angie guessed again.

Amanda hesitated for a few seconds, before meeting Angie's direct gaze. "Yeah, I guess that's it -- something fun for me for a change, not for Phil, or his job, or for the kids. Something just for me. It has been a long time."

"Great! Then I'll go get you that glass of wine. I'll be right back."

Angie grabbed both glasses and headed back to the bar. As Amanda waited for her, she looked around the room. The impression she got as she looked at the small groups of women gathered aorund the tables, some playing games, some just talking, was one of, well, normality. These looked just like regular women, young and old, pretty and not-so-pretty, all shapes and sizes, who in any other time she could see in a supermarket, at a yoga class, or wherever. Even the one couple sitting in a corner who were kissing each other seemed very acceptable given the setting. She began to relax a little.

As she was looking at one group of women playing backgammon, she felt the presence of someone next to her. Assuming it was Angie returning with her wine, she began to say, "Thanks, I. . ." But before she could finish she realized it was not Angie standing there, but instead, was the young woman she had been dancing with. 

The woman was sticking her hand out and saying something, but Amanda giggled back at her, thinking about how Angie had described her as engaging in "carpet munching" with Kat in the playroom.

Amanda stopped giggling in time to hear the woman say ". . .Marie."

"I'm so sorry, I was just thinking about something I was talking about with my friend -- what were you saying?" Amanda apologized.

The blonde smiled back at her. "I was just saying, I'm sorry that I didn't introduce myself when we danced before. My name is Marie."

"Oh, hi, nice to more properly meet you, my name is Amanda."

Marie continued to stand there a little awkwardly, before Amanda quickly offered, "Would you like to sit down?"

"Thanks, appreciate it." Marie sat down, putting her glass on the table, and taking the seat that had been vacated by Angie. "I enjoyed dancing with you, you're a good dancer."

Amanda blushed again, for what felt like the thousandth time already that night. "Thanks, I enjoyed it too. I had a lot of practice yesterday -- I was at a friend's wedding, and they had a great band, so I spent a lot of time on the dance floor."

"Well, wherever you get it from, you were good!"

Just then, Angie returned to the table with a glass of wine for Amanda and a glass of club soda for herself. "Damn, the place must be getting crowded, the lines at the bar were. . ." She stopped herself as she saw the new person sitting with Amanda.

"Oh, Ang, hi. This is Marie," Amanda said, gesturing to the other woman. "She was the woman, um, I was dancing with, remember?"

"Right," Angie replied, setting the two drinks down on the table and taking Marie's hand. "Nice to meet you. I'm Angie, but I get called Ang also. And weren't you also the woman in the playroom with Kat?"

Hearing this, Amanda visibly cringed and looked like she wanted to crawl under the little table, an action that would be nearly impossible given her somewhat ample girth.

Without missing a beat, however, Marie just laughed and said, "Yup, that was me -- and I've got the swat marks on my ass to prove it." Angie laughed back, and reached over to the next table to grab a third chair and brought it back to join Marie and Amanda. Marie scooted her chair over closer to Amanda to make room.

Amanda had regained her composure a bit, and took a big gulp of the wine that Angie had set down in front of you. "What are you drinking now?" she asked Angie, desperately trying to change the subject.

"Well, while you don't have to drive home, I do, so I've changed to club soda."

"Wise move," Marie interjected. "I know more than one person who's gotten picked up for a DUI coming home from a club."

"Yeah, given my dependence on my car, I'm not taking any risks," Angie responded.

Marie turned to Amanda. "So I've never seen you in here before, are you new to Boston?"

Amanda was a little flustered by the attention the young woman was paying to her. She thought to herself about whether the discomfort would have been as pronounced if she hadn't witnessed the woman's playing with Kat earlier in the evening, or whether it was just on having danced with her before then.

"Uh, no," she responded. "I'm here just for a few days to attend my friend's wedding. I was the matron of honor and Ang was a bridesmaid."

"Oh, how sweet, that must have been fun. Was it a nice wedding?"

"Yeah, it was beautiful -- the first lesbian wedding I've been to."

"It was wonderful," Angie chimed in. "I've been to a number of dyke weddings since the SJC ruling, but this was the biggest blowout party of all of them. We had a blast." She took a sip of her drink and said, "Crap -- I forgot to ask her for some lime. I'll be right back, ladies. I can't drink plain club soday without a little something to flavor it." She rose and headed back out to the bar.

Marie turned back to Amanda. "Well, glad to see that the lesbians are doing their part to prop up the economy, just like the heteros," she said with a smile. "So, did you enjoy our little scene in the playroom?"

By this time Amanda was past the point of being embarrassed any more. "Well, it was certainly, ah. . .ah. . .different than anything I've witnessed before, that's for sure," she said with a little smile.

"Well, I hope you don't think I'm some kind of little perv, just because I like a little public play every now and then. Safe, sane, and consensual, right?"

Amanda looked a little confused, never having heard the BDSM pledge before, but didn't want to sound like a Rube from the country. "No, that's okay, Ang and I were just talking about the club, and the playroom, and that kinda stuff. I'll admit that I was a bit shocked at first, but I guess I should be honest and say that I find it all sort of intriguing."

"Really?" Marie said, smiling at her. "Intriguing in what sense? Like it's something you'd want to try yourself?" With this question Amanda felt Marie's hand on her bare knee underneath the table, exposed by her red dress's riding up her thighs a bit as she had sat in the chair.

"Oh, no!" Amanda immediately responded, taken aback at the implications of what Marie was suggesting. Her first reaction was to move a little further away from the other woman, but thought that would be rude -- and also incredibly prudish. She figured Marie was just playing around, and besides, she had to admit to herself that she was enjoying the attention. Why not flirt a little, just go with the flow, she thought to herself. Just like Angie had said, she had to learn to have a little fun for herself for a change. "No, I just meant intriguing in that, while I knew there were people who do those kinds of things, I'd never witnessed it firsthand."

"Oh, okay, I was just curious," Marie responded. "Because if you wanted to. . .you know. . .I'd be happy to take you back there. I think you're a very sexy woman."

Amanda looked across the table to see Marie smiling at her, and looking very obviously at her cleavage, which was still on open display in the gap between the two sides of her red dress. She also knew that Marie could probably see her nipples prominently displayed through the light fabric. "Well thanks," she said, somewhat flustered again, "but I have a husband and kids back home, and I just don't think. . . that . . .I could. . . ." 

Marie was not going to let Amanda off the hook that easily. "You could what, dear?" she said, batting her eyelashes at her in an exaggerated manner. She began stroking Amanda's leg under the table, staying in the area between her knee and the hem of her dress. As she did this, she thought she saw Amanda began to breathe a little heavier, and expected her to bolt at any moment. But she figured, "What the fuck, why not have a little fun with the cute newbie."

"I. . .I. . .I." Amanda tried desperately to come up with the words to express her feelings, but was coming up blank.

"I know, you don't want to cheat on your husband, right Amanda? I understand. But I can tell you that I've met get plenty of straight women in here who are just, 'curious,' so to speak. They would never cheat on their husbands with another guy, but can rationalize a little fooling around with another woman as not cheating on him. Is that what you're thinking?" As she said this, she continued stroking Amanda's leg, now pushing her hand a little higher, brushing the hem of the dress causing it to ride further up her thigh.

Amanda hesitated a few seconds before responding, and she looked to be thinking about what Marie had said to her. "Well, I don't know. To be honest, I've never really thought about it that way before. I mean, I've always known that I could never go off with another guy and cheat on Phil, but when I've thought about it, that's the way it's always been -- the possibility of another guy. I just never really considered what it would be like with another woman." She raised her glass and drank more of her wine.

"When you say 'what it would be like with another woman,' do you mean whether that would still constitute cheating on -- what was your husband's name did you say, Phil? -- or have you thought about sex with another woman?"

Amanda was becoming fixated on the feel of Marie's hand on her leg. She had never been touched by another woman this way, even if all Marie was doing was playing around and didn't mean much by it. And she had to admit that it felt good, all the attention, the idea that there was someone here -- another woman -- who was at least pretending to be interested in her sexually. "Well, I will admit that I have thought about women in that way before. My friend whose wedding I was at -- Ellyn -- we've been best friends since childhood and she came out to me while we were in college. So we've talked about her being a lesbian, and you know, sex and stuff, a little bit at least, so it has been there in the back of my head I guess. I was never wigged out by the idea of two women having sex, it always struck me as something very normal and acceptable, even though I've never had any experiences like that myself." Downing the last of her wine, Amanda realized she was feeling quite a buzz and warmth, the latter of which was likely brought on as much by the wine as by the feeling of Marie's hand stroking up and down her thigh. 

"Well, that's very common, Amanda. Almost every woman I know, even those who would profess to being totally straight, have said that they've thought about sex with a woman before. I think it's a very natural thing for us." 
