 Note: I suggest you read the first two part of this story to understand the characters and the plot so far.

----------------------------

The two women stood up from the table. Amanda seemed to hesitate a second, so Marie took her hand and asked, "Are you sure you want to do this, sweetie?" She smiled reassuringly to the older woman.

"No, I'm not sure," Amanda said. "But I'll never know for sure unless I try it, right?" She smiled weakly back at Marie.

"Okay, I just don't want to push you into something you're not ready for."

"No, it's okay, let's go." The two women walked out of the room, Marie leading the way. Amanda did have some doubts on her mind. It wasn't her relationship with her husband, Phil, that was holding her back. It was the fear of opening a door, a potential Pandora's box, into her desires and psyche that was the concern. What if she enjoyed the experience too much? What would the implications of that be for her life as a faculty wife and mom in their small town?

The three glasses of wine had taken just enough of an edge off of the decision to allow Amanda to follow Marie. Amanda was certainly aware of what she was doing, but could admit to herself that without the alcohol, she would have been unlikely to have agreed to what had transpired so far with Marie, never mind what was still to come.

"You want to stop for another glass of wine on the way?" Marie had stopped in front of one of the rooms that contained a bar.

"No, I don't want any more, thanks. And if we stop at all, I'm not sure I'll be able to continue," Amanda said with another weak smile.

"Okay," Marie responded reassuringly. And holding Amanda's hand, she continued walking toward the back and the hallway to the playroom.

Just as they passed another room, Angie came walking out, hair a mess, and breathing heavily. She looked surprised to see the two other women. "Wow, that was some wild dancing! What's up? Where are you guys going?"

Marie and Amanda looked at each other for a brief second. Marie hesitated, waiting for Amanda to speak up, but she was quiet and looked back at Marie. "Um, we're heading back to the playroom," she said quietly.

A look of surprise crossed Angie's face. She turned to Amanda. "Really?"

Amanda looked down at her toes, unable to meet Angie's eyes. Angie read her lack of confirmation as doubt about what she was doing, and wanted to make sure she was okay. She put her hands on both sides of Amanda's face, and gently raised her head so that their eyes met. "Amanda -- are you really okay with this?"

Amanda still didn't answer for a few seconds, but then dropped Marie's hand and raised both of hers to place them over Angie's hands on her cheeks. "I don't know, Ang -- I really don't know. I feel like I want to give it a try, but I'll admit I'm scared." 

"Well then let's sit down and talk about it, sweetie." Angie turned to Marie. "You okay with that?"

Marie had a slight look of exasperation on her face. "Hey, look -- I don't want to push her into anything, I just thought she was looking for a good time," she responded.

"Let me talk to her, and we'll come find you in a bit, okay?" Angie said to Marie.

"Fine, I'll be here."

Leading Amanda by the hand, Angie led her back to the room with soft music in it, and sat down at a table. Amanda was still looking down at the ground.

"What is it sweetie? Talk to me." Angie once again lifted Amanda's head as she spoke, this time with a gentle hand under her chin.

"I thought I wanted to do it, Ang," she responded. "I liked the attention she was paying to me, and I liked kissing her. It was very sensual, in a way I've never experienced with Phil or any other man for that matter. As she was touching me, I was thinking that for the first time I really understood what Ellyn had been telling me about how it was between two women, and how it was different than with a guy. So I thought, this is my chance to really experience it. But then I got, I don't know, just a little nervous I guess when the reality of going back into that room hit me."

"What was it? Was it the idea of doing some of those things with Marie, or the idea of there being other people around?"

"I just don't know, Ang -- I'm so confused!" With this Angie noticed a small tear running down Amanda's cheek. She leaned across the small table and pulled Amanda close to her, putting her head on her shoulder. She patted her back. "It's okay, hon, it really is." She continued to rub her back until she felt Amanda's sobs stop, and she pulled back again. "What you're feeling is very natural. Look, you're conflicted by these feelings, and I'll be the first one to tell you it's not easy to deal with it."

Amanda took a handkerchief out of her purse and dabbed at her eyes. "Yeah, I know. I've just never felt this way before. I do want to explore these feelings, but I just don't know. . . ." She let the thought trail off.

"Stay here, hon, I'll be right back." Angie got up and left the room, returning a few minutes later with two glasses of seltzer with limes in them. "Here, drink some of this, it will make you feel better."

Amanda took a drink of the water, then put her glass down and smiled at Angie. "Thanks, that does help."

"Do you want to talk about it?" Angie asked her.

"Sure, I think I'm okay now."

"Look, sweetie -- you're in a situation you've never experienced before. You're away from home, away from your responsibilities as a wife, and a mother, so I think it's natural for you to be feeling that sense of trying to explore who you are and what you want. And I'm sure the wine didn't hurt," she added with a smile.

Amanda smiled back at her. "No, I'm sure it didn't hurt, though I think I'm beginning to sober up, which is a good thing I guess." She took another sip of her seltzer.

"Tell me honestly, Amanda -- have you ever fantasized about being with another woman?"

Amanda hesitated a few seconds before answering. "Well, I don't know if 'fantasize' is the right word, I mean I've never masturbated thinking about another woman." This confession made her blush a bit, a reaction that was visible to Angie even in the dim light of the room. "I have thought about it, especially when I've been talking about things like that with Ellyn. So I guess I'd describe it more as a curiosity." She took another sip of the seltzer. "Does that make sense?"

"Sure," Angie confirmed. "I understand. Look, I'm certainly not going to tell you what to do. But I will tell you that I think it's very healthy to explore our desires, to figure out what it is we want in life. Some things are probably best kept as fantasies -- or 'curiosities,' as you put it -- but some things are worth trying. I'm a firm believer that you don't want to reach some point down the road and regret not having tried something before it's too late." 

Having realized how she had put that, Angie quickly added, "Not that I think you're approaching a time when it would be too late for you to explore this side of you."

Amanda laughed, but then was quiet, thinking about what Angie had said. "What do I want?" she thought to herself. Amanda could see her friend was deep in thought, and decided she had to let her work some of these things through on her own. She respected her silence, and sat back waiting for her to respond.

After a few minutes, Amanda finally spoke up. "I think you're right, Ang. There are some things I have to think about. But I think that the hesitation I had about Marie was the setting. When we bumped into you, and you asked me about it, the image of what we had seen in the playroom earlier flashed into my head. And I guess that shocked me just enough to think about whether I wanted to go and put myself into that situation. So as I thought about it, I had some doubts about whether that was something I could really do -- sex in a public place like that with some woman I just met. Especially as my first experience."

Angie placed her hand over Amanda's. "That is a big step, sweetie. I mean, you're not likely to bump into anyone you know here, but the scene in the playroom is not for everyone."

"Yeah, I guess that's what I realized. Maybe someday that could be me, but it's just not who I am right now." She drank some more seltzer. "I hope you're not disappointed in me?" she asked Angie with a weak smile.

To that question, Angie reached across the table and gave her friend another hug. "Absolutely not -- you need to be true to who you are, that's the important thing hon." She leaned back again and looked at her watch. "Hey, what do you say we get out of here. It's already 11:15."

Amanda put her glass down and stood up. "Yeah, you're right. I think I've had enough of this place for one night."

Angie joined her standing, and said, "Okay, let's blow this joint." The two women walked out of the room, heading for the exit. Before they got there, Amanda stopped. "What is it?" Angie asked.

"Should we go find Marie and tell her I'm leaving?" she inquired.

"No," Angie replied, shaking her head. "Don't worry about her. I'm sure she'll figure it out on her own, and if not, if she sees me in here another time she'll ask."

"Okay," Amanda responded. She followed the other woman out the door and back to her car in the rear of the building. As they pulled out of the lot, Angie asked, "You want me to take you back to the hotel?"

"Yeah, I think that's best, thanks," Amanda responded as she sank back into the seat of the Miata.

----------------------------------------------

As the women drove back to Amanda's hotel, they avoided the subject of the club and talked about the wedding and Amanda's shopping excursion earlier in the day. They pulled up in front of the hotel and Angie turned off the engine. Turning toward Amanda she said, "You okay?"

"I dunno, to be truthful," Amanda responded. "I'm just confused I guess. I feel like I have some things to work through." She let out a big sigh.

"You wanna talk some more? Will that help, or is sleep what you need right now?" she inquired with a smile.

"No, I'm really not tired, I'm sort of buzzed actually." Amanda quickly replied. "I don't have to be up at any time in the morning. So yeah, maybe talking it through some more would help. And to tell you the truth, I'm sort of hungry. Maybe we can go in and get a bite to eat and talk. Are you hungry?"

Angie laughed. "Me? I can always eat! And I don't have to be at work first thing in the morning, so I can sleep in a bit too." She started her car again, and pulled around and into the hotel's parking garage. The two women got into the elevator and headed up to the hotel lobby. Exiting the elevator, they walked through the lobby and toward the restaurant.

As they rounded the corner, Angie said, "Damn!"

"What is it?"

"It's closed, I forgot how late it is and that the restaurant wouldn't be open so late on a Monday night. And I can tell you that there's not going to be anything else around here that's still serving."

"Hold on a sec," Amanda responded. "Wait here." She walked over to the hotel's registration desk, and Angie saw her speaking with one of the clerks. She turned and walked back with a smile on her face. "Good news -- she said that room service has a 24-hour menu. It's only sandwiches and stuff, but at least we can get some food."

"Hey, that'll work for me."

"Great, we'll go up to my room then."

They entered the elevators that service the guest room floors, and rode up to the 16th floor. Turning right, Angie followed Amanda back to her room. Amanda got her key card out of her purse, and opening the door, said, "After you -- and please excuse the mess."

Angie laughed. "Don't worry, I know exactly what the room looks like. I doubt they have late night maid service to clean it up after we went out."

Sure enough, the room was exactly as they had left it. Amanda picked up the black dress she had earlier tried on for Angie and hung it back up in the closet. She grabbed the binder with the room service menu and threw it to Angie. "Why don't you see what the options are. I've gotta get out of this dress, if you don't mind."

Angie managed to catch the binder. As she sat down in the chair and flipped through to find the menu, she looked out of the corner of her eye at Amanda as she began unbuttoning the red dress. As the buttons came undone, Amanda's large breasts, unfettered by a bra, started spilling out of the dress. Angie continued to stare, trying not to do so too obtrusively. But she was enjoying the view as Amanda got enough of the buttons undone to pull the dress over her head and fling it onto the bed. "Damn," Angie thought to herself, "she does still have a nice body for someone who's had a couple of kids." She stared at Amanda's large breasts, mocha-colored areolas, and prominent nipples before she turned to walk into the bathroom. This gave Angie a nice view of her panty-clad ass. "Nicely rounded," Angie continued to think to herself. "I love the way those panties show off the definition of her two cheeks and the cleft between them."

As Amanda entered the bathroom, Angie returned to the task at hand. She began looking through the late night menu to see what looked appealing to her. She heard the water running in the bathroom, and after a few minutes, she saw Amanda come back out dressed in the white hotel robe, her panties in her hand. She opened up the closet door and threw the panties onto the floor, closing the door behind her. Angie was disappointed for a moment to see her in the robe, but quickly recovered and said, "You in the mood for a sandwich or a salad? That seems to be the choice." She noticed that Amanda had washed off of her face the little bit of makeup she had been wearing.

"Hmmm, I guess a sandwich would be better."

Angie tossed the binder back at her. "Here, you can choose for yourself, I know what I want."

"Hey!" Amanda responded, dropping the binder on the floor.

"Bad catch, clumsy," Angie said with a smile.

"Worse toss!" Amanda fired back at her. She retrieved the binder and sat down on the bed, flipping through to the menu. As she did so, her robe fell open a bit, leaving Angie with a nice view of her creamy upper things. She thought she saw just a hint of public hair between the two sides of the robe. Even though she had seen her friend totally naked a few hours earlier, she found her incredibly sexy sitting there like that. "Okay, get that out of your head," Angie thought to herself.

"Okay, I know what I want. I'll give them a call -- what about you?" Amanda asked her, bringing her out of her reverie.

"Um, I'll have the grilled ham and Swiss with mustard and lettuce on it, and a ginger ale."

"Okay." Amanda picked up the phone, pressed the button for room service, and ordered sandwiches and drinks for the two of them. Before hanging up, she added, "Oh, and can you add the plate of assorted cookies," winking at Angie as she did.

"Oooh, that sounds like a good addition!"

"Yeah, I thought you'd enjoy those," Amanda answered back. "They said it would be about 15 minutes."

"k."

Amanda returned to the bed, plumped up a couple of the pillows, and sat back on the bed, facing Angie in the chair. She smiled shyly at her and said, "So what the fuck am I going to do, my friend?"

Angie laughed. "I dunno, hon -- can you be a little more specific?" She was gazing again at her legs, most of which were now visible between the two sides of the robe which had fallen partially open. She now saw a definite bit of Amanda's public curls at the bottom of the inverted vee formed by the two sides of the robe.

"Well, what do I do about this curiosity I have? I guess I could just go back home Wednesday, get on with my life and forget about this whole thing." She said this with a certain dejection in her voice that Angie picked up on.

"Yeah, I guess you could," she replied. "Um, are there any opportunities for you to satisfy your curiosity, as you so deftly put it, back home?"

Amanda laughed out loud at this idea. "No, I don't think I could do that. It's such a small town, with everyone plugged into the university one way or another. It's so damn incestuous around there, I just don't think I could see myself getting involved with someone. I'd be too worried about it leaking out."

"And Phil finding out?"

Amanda thought about this for a while before she answered, then shook her head. "No, it's not that, really. Believe it or not, I think I could handle things with Phil. He is sort of old fashioned and all, but I think if I had a heart-to-heart with him, and told him I wanted to explore this side of my life, I think he'd understand. I'd have to reassure him that I loved him, and wasn't going to leave him, of course, but I really think he'd be okay."

Angie asked, "And you don't see yourself leaving him for a woman?"

"Well, never say 'never,' I guess, but I really don't think that would happen. I do love him, and in the bottom of my heart, I do like the life I have with him. But I don't want to think that that life closes out other opportunities."

"Look, Amanda," Angie told her. "Life always has risks. You could be at the grocery store getting dinner for Phil and the kids, meet some guy, and decide he's the man you'd never met before who could be your life's one love. I'm sure Phil understands that life has risks too."

"Yeah, you're right. I never was a romantic about that 'til death do you part' stuff in wedding vows. Which," she quickly added with a smile, "were not included in our vows." She shifted on the bed, turning more toward Angie, to rest her head on one propped up arm. As she did this, the top part of her robe spread open a bit, giving Angie a view of almost her entire breast, with the nipple almost -- but not quite -- peeking out above the robe. "I mean, when I married Phil, I did so expecting to spend the rest of my life with him. But I'm also enough of a realist to recognize that all marriages have their ups and downs, and some just don't make it."

Angie wondered if Amanda realized the effect she was having, lying on the bed with her robe partially opened. Angie was certainly enjoying the view, though, no matter what Amanda's intent was.

"That seems like a healthy attitude, sweetie," Angie said with a smile.

Just then a knock came at the door, following by a quiet call of "Room service." "I'll get it," Angie said, and hopped up from the chair. She walked over to the door and opened it, ushering the waiter in with the tray. "You can put it on the desk over there, thanks."

As the waiter walked into the room, he glanced over at Amanda lying on the bed. "Hi," she said to him. Angie noticed that she didn't bother shifting her position at all.

"Hello, how are you this evening?" Angie thought she saw a little appreciative smile come across the waiter's face. She chuckled to herself. "I'm sure he's enjoying that view," she thought. 

He placed the tray down and handed the check to Angie. She looked questioningly at Amanda, who replied, "Just go ahead and sign it." Angie scribbled her name on the check, saying, "Thanks."

"You're welcome. Just put the tray outside your room when you're done." He smiled at her, took another glance at Amanda, then walked out, closing the door behind him.

Angie picked up the plate with Amanda's sandwich and her drink, and brought it over to the bed, placing the drink on the night stand. Amanda sat up a bit to make it easier to eat the sandwich. Angie went back to the desk and retrieved her plate and drink, and headed back toward the chair. But before she could get there, Amanda said, "No, bring it up here, we'll have like a little picnic on the bed! There's plenty of room."

Angie stopped, glancing at the king size bed. "Okay, I guess that'll work." She placed her drink on the other night stand, moving the clock radio out of the way. She put the plate on the bed, and slipped off her shoes. Just as she was getting ready to get on the bed, Amanda said, "Hey -- if you're worried about getting food on your dress, there's another robe in the closet."
