 "Oh no, you can't have brunette-on-brunette," Jessie cut me off. "She needs to be a blond or a redhead." This conversation took place over the phone while I was at work, so I had to be cautious as to my choice of phrasing. Further complicating the matter was the fact that on just the other side of my office wall was my young, light-brown-haired employee whom I was just talking about, having suggested her to my other brunette friend over the phone as a potential partner in our escapades. What I thought was an a natural choice apparently didn't qualify, though.

Abby, my employee but friend long before I hired her, had been involved with me for a couple months now. We had done some pretty intense things together, but our episodes had become almost non-existent over the past couple weeks. It was just as well, though, since she was getting married at the end of the month anyway. However, what really caused me to get over Abby was the girl calling me from my apartment, my best friend of 10 years who had shown up unexpectedly about two weeks ago, resulting in nearly non-stop sex since then, punctuated by a five-man gangbang that first weekend.

Jessie would be in town for just a few more days before she picked up her toddler son from her parents and headed back south to attempt to patch up her relationship with her husband in a marriage that showed signs of trouble for the past two years. However, I knew committing to her husband was the right thing to do, and obviously I couldn't expect her to abandon all her responsibility and the life she'd started with him to just be the object of my lustful fantasies, but it was fun while it lasted. At least we had time for one more exploit.

Exasperated, I told Jessie that Abby was the only real prospect I had. I was frustrated because it was Jessie who had suggested using Abby in the first place after Jessie was clued in on the fact that Abby had actually been the original selection for the fun my buddies and I had a week ago. After I was unable to pull the trigger on Abby, though, Jessie arrived on the scene dues ex machina. After pulling off such a wild night with my favorite female, one can only imagine my excitement when Jessie not only implied that she had experienced lesbian sex before, but also that she was interested in reviving that part of her sexuality with the only other girl with whom I'd tested the boundaries of debauchery. Now, though, I couldn't figure out why such a minor detail such as hair color would interfere with my hope.

"We're going to do this right," Jessie said, a playful tone in her voice. "I have a friend in mind."

"Well, why didn't you say so?" I replied with relief.

Nothing went down until a couple days later, just as Jessie was all but ready to head back out of town, but I met Pamela that very night after Jessie and I had that conversation on the phone. Jessie and I met up with her friend at a coffee shop in the later evening, and, upon first inspection, I have to say I was pleased. Pamela was a little older than I expected, probably 35 or so, but not too old by a long shot for Jessie and me, who were still on the rock-and-roll side of 30. Pamela was very hot in my estimation, and, beside, the older I got, the more I was attracted to women who had a few years on me.

Pamela was a tiny thing, maybe 5'0" with a pale, thin frame, but her ass and rack were quite round and full for a girl her size. She also had big green eyes and, of course, chin-length blond hair. Jessie told me that Pamela had two kids as well, but her body didn't show it.

My new friend either took an instant liking to me or was a huge slut, but I didn't care. We didn't even have our drinks yet before she told me she wanted to fuck me. I got only pieces of her story, but she shared that she was comfortably bisexual and took a liking to Jessie as soon as the two met a couple years ago. I wondered if Pamela knew the awful, ungodly things I'd done with Jessie and how jealous she must be if she did know.

As much as I would have liked to have just brought Pamela home that night with Jessie to do all sorts of terrible stuff with them, we instead simply set a time on that coming Friday for Pamela to come over to my apartment. As Pamela left out the coffee shop, I assured Jessie that she'd made a great choice.

The next couple days were excruciating. I was very unproductive, since my mind was fixated on the coming Friday night. My brain jumped between memories with Jessie and expectations with Pamela. To be honest, though I wasn't really sure what to expect. I hoped to at least watch Jessie and Pamela play and then get a piece of one or both of them myself.

Close of business on Friday finally came. My focus was intently on this evening's festivities, but they were still a long way off, as far as I was concerned. I left the office before 4:30 pm, but Pamela wouldn't be coming over until 10:30 pm. Jessie didn't even come home until after 9 pm, which I think actually helped calm my excitement. I think having to interact with her the whole time would have just heightened the tension, which was already high enough. When she did come back to the apartment, Jessie spent the next hour in the bedroom to put away the bags she'd carried in from shopping that day and then finished packing what few belongings she'd brought to my apartment for these couple weeks before she would be heading back to her husband the following day.

The constant sex had tapered down over the last week, and we'd barely touched each other the past couple days in preparation for Pamela tonight. Needless to say, I was ready to go by the time Jessie finally came out of the bedroom, the clock showing a little past 10 pm. She was already dressed for action, giving me an instant boner. Had it not been for the promise of something potentially even more fun in a little bit, I would have ravished Jessie right then and there.

Of course, Jessie donned high heel shoes, which were probably six inches high. They were silver and open-toe, revealing her cute, pink toenails. As my eyes traveled up, I saw her navy blue miniskirt and a gray top that barely covered anything, leaving her stomach and shoulders bare while revealing a bit of cleavage. It never ceased to amaze me how Jessie always found the right way to accentuate her slender frame. Finally, I was captivated by her bright brown eyes, wide smile and luscious brown hair, which she had curled a bit and curved around her face.

We tried to keep the conversation casual as we waited eagerly in the living room. Jessie seemed a little anxious, but she kept any qualms to herself. She did mention it had been about seven or eight years since the last time she'd had sex with a girl, and never had she done it in front of anyone. Thankfully, the suspense was cut short by a text from Pamela to Jessie to announce Pamela's arrival almost 10 minutes early. Jessie asked me to get the door, and I happily got up from my seat to greet my new friend.

Pamela looked hot the day I met her, but tonight she looked downright striking. She hadn't bothered to cover up, but she didn't really need to as her purple sundress was appropriate for this warm summer evening. The dress came a few inches above her knees, and it matched well with her necklace, anklet and high heels, all of which were jet black. Her heels weren't as high as Jessie's - maybe four inches - and they were closed in the front, but still really sexy. The dress was strapless and, like Jessie's top, bared a good deal of her upper body and showcased her boobs, which were, again, quite ample for such a small chick.

Nerves started to get the better of me as I greeted Pamela. I don't even remember what I tried to say or did say. I just know I stuttered a bit, and my voice cracked. My lack of confidence in this case, though, didn't deter Pamela. She just giggled a little and let me lead her to my apartment. In retrospect, I'm sure she was as nervous as I.

Jessie was still seated in the chair, patiently waiting when Pamela and I got upstairs. There were some pleasantries and small talk exchanged, but things eventually moved into the bedroom. My heart beat furiously in my chest as I followed behind Jessie, who led Pamela into the room. I was already sweating with anticipation even with the air conditioning on.

After turning on the lamp on the nightstand, Jessie asked me to turn off the ceiling light while she turned the fan on, which was to stifle the noise more than anything so as to not disturb the others in the apartment complex. Meanwhile, Pamela sat down on the bed, having gone silent as she somewhat awkwardly waited for whatever would happen next. The last thing Jessie did was pull a chair away from the nearby desk and position the seat facing the bed.

"Look but don't touch," she said to me, grinning, and then strutted over to join her friend on the bed. Jessie had literally given me a front row seat to one of the best shows I'd ever see.

As I sat down, my erection was already stiff in my pants. I remembered envisioning watching Jessie perform acts on another girl way back when I was in college and still just getting to know the girl who would become my best friend. I never imagined that 10 years later I'd live that dream. Actually, my interest in lesbian sex had waned over the years, but tonight I felt like I was in college all over again.

From there on, I watched. My pants remained fastened for now as Jessie sat up on the bed, her legs curled up on the bed behind her as she leaned into Pamela, whose feet dangled over the edge of the mattress toward the floor. Then, without touching each other otherwise, they kissed, and so the show commenced.

Girls kissing never really got me off, but seeing Jessie plant one on the lips of another girl in person was certainly a turn on. The ladies progressed, putting hands on each other and pulling closer as Jessie leaned in and continued to kiss her female friend. Eventually, Jessie pushed Pamela onto her back, pulling Pamela's legs up onto the bed and lying on top of the petite blond, and the girls started to make out.

What I was seeing was pretty hot, but, like I said, I needed more than this soft stuff. Beside, neither of the girls really seemed too into it yet. It came off as a little forced. As these thoughts went through my mind, Jessie pulled back from Pamela and looked over at me with a grin. Her face was a little red as she asked me if I liked what I saw. I told her the truth: yes, but she needed to try harder. To my reply, Jessie smiled wider and accepted the challenge, while Pamela continued to relax on the bed, letting Jessie take the initiative.

Jessie turned up the heat by kneeling over Pamela, her knees on either side of Pamela's legs, and then pulling off her own top. She shook her hair back in place as she threw the shirt in my direction, glancing at me and giggling as her sexy gray bra was uncovered. The shirt fell about two feet away from me, but I barely noticed it, my eyes transfixed on my best friend as she leaned forward and reached for the top of Pamela's dress.

Pamela strained her neck a bit to look up and watch Jessie first slowly push the purple sundress down just until Pamela's black bra was exposed. Then Jessie slid her hands around Pamela's back, fiddling with the clasps on the bra for a few seconds before her hands emerged, grasping the garment until she tossed it away as well toward me. The bra hit my knee before falling to my feet, distracting me for just a second. When I looked up again, Jessie had her hands on Pamela's bare boobs while she leaned in.

Now we were getting somewhere! At this point, I began to play with my belt buckle as Jessie put her mouth on Pamela's tits and licked them. I think I involuntarily groaned.

Pamela pushed her head back into the blanket and softly cried out from enjoyment as Jessie cupped Pamela's boobs and licked the nipples, dragging her tongue around the blond's breasts. Jessie alternated between the two tits, licking and sucking them, making a popping sound each time she gave one of Pamela's tits a suck. By now, my belt was off, and my pants were undone. I refrained, for now, from touching myself so as to pace my enjoyment of the show being performed on my own bed.

The girls hardly paid attention to me as I watched them progress. Jessie sucked on Pamela's boobs for a little while and then began to slide down the milf's slight frame, rearranging her own legs with Pamela's as Pamela spread her legs and allowed Jessie to kneel between them. I really liked where this spectacle was going now and responded by pulling my cock out to give it some air, still not touching it otherwise just yet.

Jessie set up between Pamela's legs and started by pushing that sundress up to expose a pair of bright pink lace panties. Pamela shifted her body and pulled a pillow under her head to watch on as Jessie started to pull the panties away from Pamela's hips. Pamela reacted by reaching for the hem of her dress and pulling it up until she slid the whole garment up over her head and off her body completely.

"Damn," I muttered, gazing at Pamela's petite but well-shaped, pale, naked body, bedecked in only high heels and some jewelry. The little lady released the sundress and let it fall to the floor beside the bed before looking over at me briefly and grinning without saying a word. Then she gazed back at Jessie, who was now pushing Pamela's thighs apart as she crouched between those short, slender legs, lowering her head toward Pamela's exposed pussy.

Jessie put one hand on Pamela's pussy, using two fingers to spread that twat. Then she slid her index finger on her other hand slowly but surely into Pamela's glistening womanhood. As soon as Jessie penetrated the blond, Pamela moaned softly and gripped the blanket upon which she lay.

Jessie stroked her finger in and out of Pamela, increasing her pace immediately while I sat and watched in still silence. I hardly breathed, and my mouth went dry as I took it in. After just a minute of building up to a fast pace of fingering the other woman, Jessie lowered her head, stuck out her tongue and proceeded to lick Pamela's pussy.

Pamela cried out again, a little louder this time as Jessie ate her out. Pamela's legs kicked slightly, her high heels poking into the mattress as she enjoyed the feeling of Jessie's tongue's caressing her insides. As she licked Pamela's pussy, Jessie continued to poke at it with her finger desisting occasionally only to rub the clit instead.

I was stroking my cock before I even realized it. I couldn't help it. I continued to observe, unable to say anything but wanting very badly to join the girls on the bed as my hot friend pleasured another woman. Every once in a while, Jessie would raise her head, probably to get some air, while her sliding finger took her tongue's place. Then Jessie would put her head back down and resume eating out the slightly older female.

Pamela squirmed and moaned throughout the pleasure until she came, crying out and softly announcing her orgasm. Jessie licked right through the orgasm while Pamela held the blanket with a vice-like grip. Her legs bucked, and her thighs squeezed Jessie's shoulders until her cumming subsided.

Now it was Jessie's turn. I had been jerking off rather furiously through Pamela's orgasm, but I regained control of myself and left my cock alone again as I watched the girls re-position themselves. Jessie first removed her bra, tossing it over to me as she had done with her top and Pamela's bra before. I didn't even bother paying attention to where it fell, instead looking steadfastly at the girls as Pamela pulled Jessie's skirt down while Jessie got onto her hands and knees. Pamela removed the skirt, pulling it carefully away from Jessie's shoes and then tossing it toward the headboard. She did the same with Jessie's thong, leaving the brunette completely exposed, save for her heels.

With both girls now nude, Jessie looked over to her right side, directly at me, smiling wickedly for a moment. In that moment, it took hold of me how even with the raunchy things I had done with Jessie to date, I was getting to enjoy yet another aspect of my incredibly sexy friend. She then looked over her shoulder to Pamela, who was ready to stick her finger inside Jessie to return the favor Pamela had received just a moment ago.

"Oh yes!" Jessie shouted, facing straight forward as Pamela slid her finger into Jessie's pussy. I'm pretty sure even the fan and the air conditioner weren't able to mask out that cry. Pamela worked up to a steady pace quite quickly, fingering Jessie fast as she held onto Jessie's ass. Jessie moaned, lowered her head and threw it back, tossing her hair as she remained vocal. Again, I was beating off before I realized what I was doing.

Pamela took her finger out after a few moments and turned to grab Jessie's right ankle instead. She slowed things down for a moment, pulling Jessie's high-heel-clad foot up to her own face, the heel of the shoe pointing toward the ceiling. Pamela's tongue poked out of her mouth, and the pale blond began to lick Jessie's body, starting at the tips of Jessie's toes, which protruded from the shoes.

"Mmm, that's really sexy," Jessie said, trailing off as she looked over her shoulder at Pamela. Pamela then progressed to the top of Jessie's foot and licked up to her ankle before slowly lowering the leg as Pamela made her way up Jessie's body. Finally, she licked up Jessie's leg and reached the inner thigh, lowering her own head and laying Jessie's leg flat on the bed as she approached the target.

"Mmhmmhmmhmm, yes!" Jessie cried out, half laughing as she felt Pamela's wet tongue make contact with her wet pussy. Pamela quickly leaned forward, putting her hands on either side of Jessie's ass as she went to town on her friend's twat. I was masturbating pretty intensely by this point and had to control myself so I wouldn't cum before the show was over.

Pamela kept her face pressed against Jessie's pussy as she continued to lick Jessie until Jessie pulled away without warning. She shifted herself and sat down facing Pamela, who grinned shyly back while she wiped her mouth. Then the brunette gave Pamela instructions that almost made my heart stop from excitement.

Jessie lay on her back and spread her legs as Pamela moved toward Jessie and then turned around, swinging her leg over Jessie's head. Pamela's knees settled on either side of Jessie's upper body, her pussy hovering directly over Jessie's face. Meanwhile, Jessie straightened herself out and outstretched her legs. Without another word from anyone, the girls proceeded to commence with one of my hottest, longtime fantasies.

Jessie dove right in, putting one hand on Pamela's ass while fingering Pamela's pussy with her other hand as she lifted her head and licked Pamela's clit. The blond, meanwhile, pushed Jessie's thighs apart and put her face right back on Jessie's pussy and ate out the younger woman. My self-control evaporated, and I screwed off without restraint as the ladies pleasured each other in the 69 position, shifting back and forth slightly on the bed as they buried their faces into each other.

As the lesbian loving grew more intense, Jessie kicked her legs up into the air and pulled her hand away from Pamela's pussy before slapping it against Pamela's ass and holding onto her lover with both hands as her head shifted up and down against that twat. At the same time, Pamela cried out and sank her nails into Jessie's thighs, going right back to vehemently licking Jessie's cunt. The girls squealed and writhed on the creaking mattress - my mattress - as the air grew hotter in the room. I wanted nothing more in that moment than to rip off my pants, hop in that bed and stick my cock in either one of those girls while they continued to eat each other out, but I recalled Jessie's words to not touch. Beside, I probably would have blown my load as soon as I touched either of them.
