 Note: This story is based on fact, but the circumstances are fictional. This is also a change in my writing style, its a bit more tantric ;) Hope you like it!

Her skin felt like satin underneath my fingers. My wandering hands followed the smooth lines and curves flowing seamlessly into each other were a mystery, new territory that begged to be explored. She and I may have the same physical structures, the same genetics that decided years ago whether or not we would be female or male, but still her body is full of surprises, it's still so different. Although I love and long for the male physique, there is something about the female form, about her body, the softness, the beauty that has drawn me...

I had known Lynn for nearly 4 years, as she was the girlfriend of Keith, a close friend of mine. We'd been casual friends for most of that time. We saw each other off and on, only really hanging out with each other on the few occasions when my husband and I would go to Salt Lake and would make the rounds of visiting with friends. I'd always thought she was lovely. She had beautiful eyes that drew you in and a ready smile. Her body was lean and strong, her movements languid and fluid almost with a feline air yet could be startlingly clumsy at times. She was so sweet, endearing, witty, funny, yet at times so clueless that you couldn't help but love her. 

Her lips parted, the breath exhaling between them turned to a low moan. As she closed her eyes I kissed her. Gently, lingering at first investigating her sweetness, learning about her and what she liked. Her own tentative return was incredibly arousing as she began her own timid tasting of my lips. I knew that my full soft lips were a change from what she was used to but her groan and the movement of her body under me told me that it was not unpleasant. I ran my tongue along the joining of her lips, imploring them to release and relax. My tongue began its own exploration, deepening the kiss and drawing her in. Soon our tongues danced together seamlessly finding our rhythm. As she reciprocated our love making became more passionate, closing in on frenzy.

We could always speak quite frankly about sex, even though both of us had grown up in the sexually repressed society that living under the thumb of any big religion can bring. I was liberated and out there by college and she was studying to be a sexologist. The perspective she had was new and different, with such an understanding that it is fascinating to talk to her. Even though we didn't see each other for huge stretches of time it never seemed so long once we were together again.

I continued our kiss, loathe to release her saccharine lips, but longed to feel the rest of her. My hands lingered along her jaw before slithering lightly down her neck. The touch was not heavy, just enough to tantalize and tease the skin. I strayed along her décolletage till my tips reached the slope of her breast. The skin was unbelievably smooth and perfect. As my fingers traced the circumference or one breast I could feel the little goose bumps rising on her flesh and the quick inhale of her breath as my fingers lazily spiraled up to their apex where her rosy nipples crowned the peak, taunt and erect.

Within the last year Lynn and Keith were married and moved to Blanding Utah. It was a 6 hour drive from Vegas and SLC, but in beautiful hiking country, as it was so close to Arches National Park and Moab Utah. We had also rekindled our friendship and it was going stronger then ever thanks to the internet. The poor thing lived in a little town in the middle of nowhere and was surrounded by Mormons. Everyone her age was married with 4 kids or extremely religious, needless to say her liberal ideas were not exactly making her popular. She was online more and more, which led to our internet chats.

I ran my thumb along the sensitive buds, lightly brushing their erect tips, making her shiver all over. She pulled her mouth from mine and inhaled deeply, gasping as I rolled her nipple between thumb and forefinger, not as gently as my first touch. Supporting myself on my elbow I reached my free hand up to run through her hair and pull her head back, bringing her neck into view and helpless against my lips and the gentle nipping of my teeth. I palmed her full breast as my mouth descended upon her delicate earlobes, gently nibbling and sucking while I kneaded her breast.

It started out simply enough. Random chats about our day and what we were thinking. Bonding over the stupid things our guys did. It was all innocent and carefree. There were some nights when our usual convos got a little more risqué. I knew that Lynn was a sexual creature, she's been very frank about her relationship with Keith, but then she let it slip that she had always been a little bi-curious. She'd never done anything with another girl, but she was intrigued by it. About that time I accidentally told her about the erotic stories I'd posted. She decided that since they were before her that she should read them all, much to my deep embarrassment. Shyly she began to ask me question about my experiences, getting bolder the more I answered. 

I turned my ardent administrations to her other breast, using the same languid strokes before ascending upon the sensitive tip. My lips made their way to the small indent at the base of her neck and rested there, kissing it, feeling her pulse race. Her breasts were heaving under me as her breath quickened: I found it pleasurable. I gently tightened my hand in her hair, not pulling but adding tension. I finally brought my searching lips towards her breasts and my hands slipped down her slender waist, farther down her hips.

Not long after our discussion on dual female sensuality we decided it was time we had a girls' weekend. Keith was going to be going to be in Salt Lake visiting with family while Ty was going to be working in Overton, so she and I decided to make a long weekend of it and I headed out to Blanding. Nothing was planned beyond a little hiking and some serious watching of chick flicks. I thought she was just excited to have a friend to hang out with; I knew that was what I was looking forward to.

I continued my playful nibbling even as I reached her breast, bringing my lips upon her nipple and sucking gently before brushing my teeth along it. This surprised her, but she nearly passed out as my fingers brushed her most intimate of places. She was trimmed short so a few of the silken hairs were under finger pads. I swirled them gently back and forth closer to her moist slit. Her pelvis started gyrating, moving back and forth. I wasn't sure if she was urging me closer or trying to move out from under my determined touch. To ease her mind, my mouth became more insistent, biting down a little harder then necessary. She cried out, a little from pain, but more so from pleasure.

To be honest, we did just as we had planned. I arrived late and was welcomed by a drowsy Lynn. Her sandy hair was all mussed up and her lips curved into a sleepy smile. We had a lingering hug, in which I was keenly aware of her free breasts pushing at the thin material of her night shirt. She kissed my cheek and showed me the room where the air mattress was set up for me. We didn't immediately go to sleep; instead we sat on the couch chatting, her head resting on my shoulder and my head resting on hers. I dropped my hand on her knee, which slid of its own volition down to about mid thigh. She didn't seem to mind, she just cuddled up closer to me.

I played my fingers along her moist nether lips, not parting them just yet; instead I sought to make her more comfortable with my touch. I continued suckling her breasts, kneading with my hands and teasing with my tongue ring. Finally I felt she was ready and gently parted her labia. Her sound changed to a gentle mewling as my fingers ran from the base of her wet slit to her clit. Here I stopped and ran my finger around the tiny nub. The movements of her body became jerky as my tongue and fingers mimicked each other on two extremely sensitive parts of her body. My finger moved down to her opening. God, without even entering I could feel how tight she was. 

The next morning we woke late, the two of us in our little tank tops and pajama pants as we fished around for some cereal for breakfast. That first day we took it easy. She showed me around the town and we went for a drive in the beautiful back country, chatting and laughing. We stopped at Arby's, which was adjoined to the gas station/movie store, for something to eat and get some movies. To tease the closed-minded populace we were jokingly holding hands and I'd gently brush her bottom and trail my fingers along her bare arm. More than one person was not-so-discreetly watching us with poorly-veiled shock and not a little curiosity. As we got into the car and headed back to the apartment, we couldn't help but laugh at them.

I gently pressed forward, sinking my index and forefinger into her. Her slick walls convulsed and closed around my in an inevitable tightening. I raised my eyes to watch her. Her eyes were clenched shut and her mouth open, emitting a wide array of sounds as my fingers moved in and out. I brought my thumb to her swollen clitoris and rubbed it in rhythm with my fingers. Her back arched as she cried out, her hands clutched the sheets and holding the material in tight fists. She opened her legs wider, obliging me to climb between them, making it easier to have full access to her. Taking my hand from her breast I traced her inner thigh, dragging my nails along the sensitized skin. I left her breasts then, trialing kisses to her bellybutton, circling it with my tongue. I placed gentle kisses where her hip bones protruded slightly under her taut skin, making my way ever lower.

Since we were going to indulge in a bit of well deserved chocolate, a glass of Meade (compliments of the Disco Liquor), and a movie, we decided to change into our short satin robes. It wasn't like we needed to be decent for anyone or ashamed. Instead, this was to relish our femininity and our bodies. She started the movie, (I forget what it was now, some foreign flick that I'm sure was pretty good), and I brought our Hershey's Caramel kisses out of the freezer. We sat down on the little loveseat; she lay down with her legs draped over my lap and a pillow behind her head. The blue satin rode up, displaying even more porcelain thigh than before, leaving me only bare flesh to rest my hands on. 

I laid gentle kisses upon her mons. I breathed in her musky scent before darting my tongue out to catch some of the dew upon it, to taste her directly. She gulped down as I began my passionate assault upon her sensitive center. Tracing not only the clit but the shaft with a stiff tongue brought more then adequate results. There was a renewed wetness to her. The ball of my tongue ring came to rest at the head of the bud, rolling it around and across. I continued the even movement of my fingers, adding my ring finger to the other two already delving into her. My thumb rubbed up against the inner wall of her labia, knowing its sensitivity. I sucked in her clit then, careful to shield the fragile tissue from my teeth. I gently sucked it in and out smoothly. 

After a few sips of Meade and a little way into the movie, I grabbed a couple of the Hershey's and one of them slipped, resting in the crease between her thighs. Once the frozen chocolate hit she squealed a little and gave me a mock-angry look. Her movements also made the robe ride higher on her thighs, giving me a very good peek at her little treasure. I brought out another, holding it by its little paper tail and slowly dragged the shiny copper kiss along her thighs, eliciting more noise and a few words of consternation. What she said did not match her face. Her lips had taken on a slightly swollen look and her lips were a little dilated. The blue satin neck gaped to reveal the part between her breasts, finally coming back together halfway down her abdomen. I was laughing at her discomfort and was leaning closer to her, mocking her frustration when she brought her face close to mine and kissed me.

Her back arched, leaving only her shoulders and pelvis in contact with bed. Her hands wove through my hair, tightening and relaxing her fingers. Her breath was erratic, yet she managed a few words between quivering inhalations. 

"Oh God...." She moaned," I don't think I can take this......ohohoh, gently. I can't believe this....I'm so close"

Each word seemed to take her entire willpower to get out. She had to force it through her straining throat as her body writhed and moved under my hands and mouth. Soon even those few words became indecipherable as her breathing grew more rapid. Her head jerked back and forth and a whimper escaped her lips. 

I was a little surprised but definitely pleased. With the pressure of her lips I felt an almost instant arousal. We disengaged and she gave me a seductive smile. I found myself flushing and acting like the one who'd never touched a girl. Lynn stood up and extended her hand to me; "Come with me". What else could I do? I stood up and followed her. Each step brought back my self confidence and my trust in my abilities and experience. 

I'd let her lead, but not for long. I suppressed a small, knowing grin as she laid me back on her bed and undid my robe. She leaned over and kissed me, touching the least intimate of places upon my exposed body, still unsure of the more erogenous zones. She smiled as she kissed me, running her hair through my short curly hair. 

"You're beautiful, you know? Absolutely beautiful!" as she spoke, her gaze ran over and around my body, taking in a new sight. Although we both shared basic physiological features; she saw high round breasts, curved waist and thighs and secret places in the mirror every morning just as I did; it's completely different to see it upon someone in front of you. I let her explore and touch at her own pace till I had to have control; I needed to touch her, to show her pleasure at my hands, to give her something she had never experienced with a woman. I gently took hold of her arms and rolled her onto her back, smoothly opening her robe as I went. 

"Lie back, trust me". She relaxed muscles she hadn't realized were tense. As she laid back and closed her eyes I began administering to our needs.

I accelerated the pace of my thrusting fingers, reaching to their bases. I could feel the fluids that saturated my face and hands, covering me in their lubrication. Her body moved from jerking to spasms as my lusty attack continued. As I watched I saw her muscles tense from her neck down to her arms and chest and abs and lower. Her sheath closed astonishingly tightly around my digits, drawing them in an almost vise-like grip. For just a moment I was jealous of Keith and what he must feel when he's inside this girl when she comes. Her muscles continued pulsing around my fingers. I didn't remove my mouth completely from her wetness, instead I swirled my tongue, making her jerk more till she brought her hands down and lifted my head away from her. 

"Please, stop, I'm so sensitive, too sensitive for you to keep doing that!" I smiled at her and slowly drew my fingers out. Her head bent back as I did so. I brought her fingers to my mouth and sucked the remaining moisture from them, licking my lips in a feral grin. I crawled over her, lowering my body onto hers as I kissed her, giving her the chance to taste herself, to taste her natural scent. We locked together in another embrace and she again cuddled up against me sighing contentedly, when she suddenly raised herself on her elbows.

"What about you! I feel great but it's not fair." She pouted prettily. "No worries" was my reply "watching you alone was almost enough to get me off, trust me" I laughed. "Besides, we have a whole weekend ahead of us......" Her excited smile was all the reply I needed as she rested back against me. This was definitely going to be a nice girls-only weekend.