 Cynthia stared at the two girls huddled in the corner of the dimly lit room, at once shocked and mesmerized by what they were doing together. Her friend Lisa had warned her there might be some hankypanky among girls attending this rather bohemian party. Cynthia liked to consider herself sophisticated about such things, though in truth she'd never met anyone calling herself a lesbian. She knew the word. How could anyone miss it with the Ellen Degeneres thing splashed across the media? Of course, she'd heard rumors about classmates when she'd been in high school. Some of the girls she knew looked pretty butch to her but styles being what they are you couldn't really make too much of that. But these girls definitely had a thing going with one another.

Cynthia sipped the glass of chilled wine, her attention moving about the room but inexorably coming back to the two girls. The brunette had long flowing hair framing her lovely face. She smiled and laughed, all of her attention focused on the blonde leaning close to her. They were holding hands and the blonde's arm was around the other girl's shoulders. Cynthia noticed the blonde's fingers toying with the thin strap of the brunette's camisole top in the most suggestive manner. When their lips touched in a brief kiss, Cynthia could feel the catch in her breathing. She'd never seen two girls kiss before, at least not in such an obviously sexual way. 

When they drew back from one another the blonde glanced in her direction and Cynthia instinctively turned away to avoid eye contact. Fortunately, Lisa stepped up to her at that moment carrying a tray with some oeurderves. She picked up a piece of cheese and nodded her thanks as her friend moved away. Instantly her eyes returned to the corner. She was shocked to see how things had progressed with the two girls! They were kissing again, this time with obvious passion, lips moving as heads turned. But it was the blonde's fingers spread over her partner's quite prominent breast that caught Cynthia's attention. Fingertips pressing into the heavy mound, then drawing together to capture the nipple protruding through thin cotton. Cynthia felt the tingling in her loins, surprised to realize how turned on she was witnessing these lovers making out so openly.

Her reverie was broken by the touch of fingers on her waist, quickly followed by a firm breast nudging her arm.

"They're quite a pair aren't they?" Cynthia recognized the voice and turned to face her recently assigned roommate Ginger, shocked that the gorgeous young creature didn't step back for a moment. That moment of brief intimacy included the surprising caress of breast upon breast, which in light of what was happening on the sofa was more than a little unsettling.

"Do you know them?" It took all her concentration to keep from glancing back at the two girls, whose groans could now be heard above the din of party noise.

"I saw them at another party last week."

"And they were making out like this?" Ginger smiled, her tongue darting out to moisten her lips before she spoke.

"It was a different kind of party. Most of the girls were making out." Cynthia translated that piece of information quickly, understanding that Ginger had probably been among those young women making out.

"Oh." Ginger smiled more broadly.

"Don't be such a prude. Bisexuality is in, didn't you hear?" Ginger squeezed her arm before turning to leave, her hips swinging sensually from side to side. Cynthia's eyes were wide in disbelief at the fact this libertine was going to share a room with her for the next nine months. Then she recalled the two girls on the sofa and turned to watch. The blonde's hand was now buried beneath the brunette's skirt which had slid along her tanned thighs so that from this position it was possible to see fingers pressing into white cotton panties where slender thighs came together. They were still kissing passionately, seemingly oblivious to everyone around them. Cynthia could feel the juices flowing between her thighs despite her discomfort with the idea of two women making out. She tipped her wine glass, surpised to find it empty. Reluctantly she turned from the two lovers. She needed some air.

"Hi, there you are. I was looking all over for you." Her friend Lisa had apparently fulfilled her duties as hostess for the moment.

"I needed a little fresh air." Lisa sat next to her on the wooden bench at the back of the lushly planted yard, pausing to gaze up at the stars before speaking.

"I saw you over by Dana and Chas. They can get pretty hot." Lisa knew instantly what had happened but Cynthia had no idea how to express her feelings about what she saw or how it affected her.

"Maybe I shouldn't have invited you to our monthly gathering." That was the first time Lisa had suggested this was a regular event.

"So, how come only women are invited?" Maybe if she shifted the subject a bit it would be easier to continue this conversation.

"In case you haven't noticed, its the full moon. It started out as a celebration of womanhood, you know, rituals by the light of a full moon and all. But that got old when the weather turned cold last winter so we opted for a house party. Needless to say, the shift became permanent. Now the sisters look forward to a little wine, a little music and the opportunity to play without men around. Some, like Dana and Chas, especially look forward to indulging in Sapphic rites. I'm sorry if I've offended you."

Cynthia had been introduced to Lisa through a connection between their mothers who had gone to school together. Lisa was a junior and it was hoped she would take the younger girl under her wing now that she'd left home for the first time in her life.

"I'm more surprised than offended. I guess I didn't know this is such a casual thing at college." Lisa smiled.

"Yeah, who would have thought all this liberation stuff could lead to such sexy play between women. Now its as much a badge of honor to have made it with another woman as to have lost your cherry to the football captain. I have to be honest with you, its a lot less work and not nearly as anxiety provoking." There was silence as Cynthia took in her new friend's words.

"I guess I did it again, shocking you I mean."

"Well, I know what you mean about guys."

"Don't get me wrong. I love guys but its awfully nice to just get together with my girl friends and do what comes naturally. We all can use a little loving now and again, you know, snuggling in front of a fire, making out to a sexy video. No strings attached, no fear of getting a disease or worse, having to contend with an abortion or side effects from the pill."

"So why did you invite me to your party?" The two girls gazed at one another in the darkened garden, the sound of music wafting through the open windows of the well lit house.

"Well, it seemed like a good idea to introduce you to a part of my life as we get to know each other. If we're going to be friends you need to know who I am. You'd probably have heard about me from somebody on campus, so I figured let's get it all out in the open from the beginning. And if what my friends and I do here interests you, that would be nice. You're a very attractive young woman. I hate to admit it but you caught my eye the first time I saw you on campus."

"Are you making a pass at me?" Cynthia could feel the heat rising in her face as she blurted out the words. A smile crossed Lisa's lovely face before she spoke.

"I guess I am."

Cynthia's head was spinning. In one night she learns that both her roommate and her only real friend swing both ways. And, if she reads the signals correctly, both of them have the hots for her. Having watched the two young women making out at the party, she also discovered that she's far from offended by the prospect of such things, she's turned on by them! She climbed into bed and pulled the covers over her head. Ginger was still at the party when she left. Things had heated up considerably by the time she returned from the garden following her embarassing conversation with Lisa. As she meandered through the rooms on her way toward the front door she saw other women making out, a number of them in varying stages of undress. The couple in the corner were still hot at it, though now the brunettes camisole lay circled at her waist, exposing beautiful breasts now receiving the worshipful attention of the blonde's wet lips and tongue. She knew she got out just in time, or for certain some young woman, perhaps Lisa, would have succeeded in overcoming her fears.

She closed her eyes, willing the provocative images from her mind. But it didn't work. The image she hoped to avoid kept coming back, the image of Ginger with that black girl. They were on the stairs leading to the upper floor that rose from the foyer at the front of the house. If Cynthia hadn't heard the sounds she would never have glanced in that direction. But she did. Ginger was reclined against the stairs, the front of her blouse open to reveal the lushness of her bosom cradled in a lowcut brassiere. Her skirt was bunched at her waist, legs spread wide apart to accommodate the head wedged between her thighs. Even with her limited knowledge on the subject, there was no doubt what was happening at that moment. The slender black girl was licking her roommate's pussy! Judging from the rapt expression on Ginger's face, there was little doubt the girl was doing a magnificent job of it. Cynthia stood frozen in place, heart pounding in her chest as she took in the scene unlike anything she'd witnessed before. And then Ginger's eyes opened, dreamily taking in the face of the woman kneeled between her legs before lifting to meet Cynthia's shocked gaze. There was a moment of recognition and then the eyes closed again as a deep groan escaped her roommate's pouting lips. Cynthia stumbled out the door, her mind completely melted.

She was asleep by the time her roommate returned, if in fact she ever did return, since her bed was still made when Cynthia awoke around nine the next morning.

Cynthia tried to focus her attention on classes but she kept running into girls she'd seen at the party. None of them made a big deal of it, but it was clear a certain bond connected these women, all of whom were attractive and in every other way normal. None of them engaged in what could be called outrageous behavior on campus, though girls walking arm in arm took on added meaning for her when she recognized them as participants in heavy petting at the party. For example, she saw the brunette and blonde together in the student union holding hands in front of the window overlooking the back patio. But no awkward displays of affection here, no hands caressing well defined curves in this public space. Yet Cynthia knew the truth and it was unsettling to her.

But most disturbing was the day to day rhytmn of her relationship with Ginger. That three seconds of eye contact at the end of the party the week before simply could not be dismissed. Cynthia could feel it in the way her roommate moved around their suite, leaving her robe open so her lovely body and sexy lingerie were visible. Ginger even brought up the party while they made small talk, saying how much fun it had been and how many great women had been there. All the while Cynthia was remembering that black girl licking Ginger's pussy while she moaned into the night. She'd seen the black girl on campus too. She was gorgeous and clearly one of the most popular girls around. But how could she talk with Ginger about all of this without betraying her excitement? It would be embarassing to admit that she waited for those moments when Ginger left her robe open, or when she'd stand dressed only in her enticing lingerie in front of the closet trying to make up her mind about what to wear. She was having difficulty going to sleep at night lying there thinking about her roommate across the spacious bedroom lying beneath the thin sheet in her abbreviated nightwear.

She needed a man! That would be the solution she mused in the dark one night. She began remembering Craig, her boyfriend of many years who'd left the year before she graduated to attend school out on the coast. He was her first and only lover, fumbling in the beginning but slowly learning with her the joys of making love. Images of their time together slipped through her mind and warm feelings spread through her loins. Her fingers eased over her thigh, quickly settling beneath the soft curls of pubic hair and pressing into the tender folds of flesh. She could almost feel his cock entering her as his massive body shifted above her, hips pressing her thighs wider apart as the bulbous crown of his organ spread the folds and wedged into the juicy center of her being. Her fingers flicked across the bulging nub of her clitoris, sending jolts of electricity through her loins. Delicious sensations spread as the fingertips worked their magic. His cock was deep within her now, filling her completely. That's what she needed, a man's cock riding in and out of her willing body, a man's lips pressed to her mouth, tongue penetrating even as his cock moved inexorably toward climax.

But then the image of those black curls shifting against the white skin at the inside of Ginger's thighs, the slurping sounds that had to have come from mouth and tongue working on tender flesh just like hers. Craig had never given her such a kiss and the thought of it was driving her wild. To feel a tongue entering her pussy, then sliding up across her engorged clitoris. Her fingers were moving faster now and she knew it was only a matter of moments before release would come. She tried to resurrect the image of Craig between her thighs, but all she could imagine was that black girl's mouth, those full lips and pink tongue kissing her nether lips, driving her over the edge. And she was cumming, a jolting orgasm that shocked her with its power. When the lights came on she realized it was her moans that filled the room. Suddenly Ginger was at her side, eyes wide as she stared down at her friend. Cynthia shut her eyes again, willing this moment away, but the weight of a body at the edge of her bed, the warm thigh against hers told her this wasn't at dream. She'd masturbated and wakened her roommate with her orgasm. Finally she opened her eyes and saw the relief in Ginger's face.

"Oh my god! I thought you were having a heart attack or something." A slight smile lifted the corners of Ginger's lips. "You scared the daylights out of me."

"I'm okay."

"Yeah, I know, I figured it out." There was a long pause before Ginger continued.

"You're one hot number, aren't you?" Cynthia lowered her eyes to avoid the intense look on her roommate's face but found herself staring at Ginger's breasts filling the front of the tight tee shirt she wore. Glancing lower she saw the cotton pouch between her slender thighs covering the girl's genitals. She had to stifle her groan. She lifted her eyes and saw the knowing look in Ginger's eyes. She smiled again before speaking.

"I guess you need some rest. We can talk in the morning." Cynthia closed her eyes, grateful for the reprieve.

Cynthia got to class the next day without encountering Ginger, much to her relief. As she tried to focus her attention on the lecture, her mind returned to the subject of finding a man who could tame her passions and save her from her baser instincts. Suddenly she realized the teaching assistant was a man, a very attractive man if truth be told. He was probably in his mid-twenties and didn't wear a wedding ring, if that meant anything. She listened with increased intensity, watching his every move, weighing his every word. This was the solution!

After class she went to the front of the class, joining the small circle of students intent on continuing the conversation begun earlier. Cynthia suddenly was aware of a man's genitals against her bottom, a sensation she hadn't had for some time. Rather than pull away she held her place, waiting to see what would happen next. The instructor was engaged with one of the students and she realized the prospect of catching his attention were less than slim. At the same time some student was indulging himself by pressing his growing manhood against her round bottom. Cynthia could feel the juices begin to flow, grateful a man could still do that to her. She stepped to one side to get a look at the young man and in doing so her arm brushed against the bulge.

"Excuse me." She spoke softly enough that the handsome youth was probably the only one to hear her. He saw his face flush.

"That's okay."

"I'm Cynthia."

"Hi, I'm Greg."

"I'm going to split. You want to get some coffee?" The boy smiled, shocked this very attractive young woman was making such an offer.

"Sure, I'd love that."

They'd been sitting at the table no more than three or four minutes when the black girl she'd seen at the party with Ginger walked up the two of them, a smile crossing those sensuous lips.

"Hi bro!" Her new friend raised a hand to exchange a hi-five with the girl.

"Sweet sister, what you up to?" The girl tilted her head in Cynthia's direction and Greg got the message an introduction was in order.

"Sorry, Cynthia, this is the love of my life, Danny."

"Danielle if you don't mind." Dark brown eyes held Cynthia's. She'd only seen the back of the girl's head that night, though she'd caught glimpses of her over the last few days. But nothing quite prepared her for the intensity of that gaze. She was at a loss for words but that didn't stop Danny.

"You're Ginger's roommate, right?" Cynthia felt her face flush as though every secret she'd ever had was known to this creature.

"Yeah, I am."

"I thought I saw you at Lisa'a party but you left while the evening was young."

"A little too much wine I think. I had to get some sleep."

"Well, don't worry about that, there'll be another party next month. Or, if you like Ginger can clue you into some other social events."

"I think my friend has eyes for you Cynthia, you'd better watch out. She's dangerous." Danielle turned to her friend, leaning over to press her lips to his upturned mouth. At the same time she slid her dark brown fingers down his chest until the fingertips nudged into the bulge Cynthia had become acquainted with a short while ago. Then the kiss broke.

"He's just jealous because he doesn't have exclusive rights anymore to my sweet little honeypot." Greg's face was flushed with excitement. Cynthia wondered whether she was blushing as well. Certainly she was turned on by this girl's sexy display. At just that moment Danielle reached out and touched her on the shoulder.

"You be careful with this one. He can take you for a ride. See you two around now. Stay cool." They both watched her walk away, hips liquidly swinging from side to side, her lush round bottom moving beneath the skirt swishing with each shift of her hips. This was one sexy woman, who clearly didn't mind who knew she was hot.

"Wow, she's something."

"Yeah, most people react to Danny that way."

Something about Danny's visit dampened Cynthia's ardor about connecting with a man. Greg was good looking and promised some fun times but she decided to cool it right now, at least with him. They exchanged telephone numbers and promised to check in with each other after their next class together. She walked back to her room, once again caught in this dilemma of what to do with her sexual feelings toward this growing collection of women in her life.

She was seated at her desk working on a paper when Ginger entered. They exchanged greetings casually but Cynthia stayed at the computer. She could hear movement in the bedroom then some moments later sensed someone behind her. Fingers came to rest lightly on her shoulders before the voice spoke.

"What you working on?" The fingers moved out to her arms and she felt Ginger leaning closer, until her face was next to Cynthia's. She could smell her roommate's shampoo, the familiar scent of the perfume she always wore. The fingers trailed down her arms, tips extended as though any moment they would slide forward to touch her breasts. Her nipples stiffened as she gazed down at the red-tipped fingers only inches from the sides of her breasts. She knew a question had been asked of her but nowhere could she find an answer. Besides, something told her the question wasn't real, that Ginger was just using the excuse of a question to play this little game with her. It was working! Her breathing was quickly becoming ragged, her nipples were erect and juices were stirring between her thighs. Then the fingers rose along her arms before spreading across her shoulders, tips extending down to the flat area of her chest just above the swell of her breasts. She felt herself being pulled back into the chair and instantly felt her roommate's lush breasts leaning into her upper back. The top of her head grazed what must have been Ginger's chin, because a moment later the chin slid down and lips lightly touched the back of her head.
