 The alarm went off at seven-fifteen and Lisa finally reached over and turned it off. She was frustrated by the alarm because she was in the middle of a very erotic dream. Her hand drifted lazily down between her legs to find that the crotch of her sleep shorts was damp from her erotic dream. She reached over lazily to her husband, but he was not there. It was then that she realized that he had left at four-thirty for a five day business trip. 

She hated these trips because she wound up being alone and unfulfilled. She and Mike had gone through a long erotic dry spell, having sex quickly sandwiched in between ballgames and work. But since the kids were finally all in college things had begun to change. Her dormant sexuality began to bloom once again. For some reason her libido seemed to be waxing instead of waning. The problem was these damn business trips.

She out of bed and padded across the floor to the bathroom. She lifted the seat, lowered her shorts, sat down, and began to fill the bowl with her amber liquid. Patting herself dry she kicked off her shorts, stood, flushed, and removed her tank top. As she passed the mirror to the shower she paused. A natural blonde at age fifty-two she could still turn a few heads. She was a 34 b and not much sag with just a slight tummy from four children and a rich, thick thatch of blonde pubic hair. 

She got into the shower and enjoyed the warm water. Finished she dried off and head back into the bedroom to get dressed. The towel was still wrapped around her when the phone rang. She picked it up to hear the voice of her good friend Carol. 

Carol was a year older, and very attractive, with chestnut hair, that came to her shoulders, a larger bust, but thinner hips than Lisa's. The two had been good friends since they joined Junior League years before. 

Instead of going out to lunch as they usually did on Mondays, Carol suggested that they have lunch at her place. Lisa readily agreed and the two decided to go casual. It was a warm summer day and shorts, with sleeveless tops, and sandals were in order. 

Lisa left early to do a few errands, and as she was driving through traffic she wished she had taken the time to masturbate. She could sure use a good orgasm. 

She arrived at Carol's just after noon. The two women greeted each other with a hug and a kiss on the cheek. Chicken salad on croissants and white wine was the fare for the day. They gabbed and when they were finished they opened another bottle of wine and moved to the family room.

They sat on the overstuffed couch and kicked back. They talked about empty nests, local politics, and husbands. Both women were just a bit prudish. Sex was something you did and enjoyed but didn't talk about. Whether it was the wine and or the idea of both husbands being gone at the same time but the two women began to talk about sex. Nothing hard core, but both remarked how things had seemed to have heated up. 

Lisa then confessed that she was even having some very erotic dreams which left her damp and frustrated. Carol laughed and said, "I'm glad to hear that, now I know I'm not the only one." Now both women were laughing. The more they talked the looser they became

The shared secrets about their lovemaking with their husbands that ordinarily they never would have talked about. As they talked Lisa noticed that it seemed to be getting warmer in the room. She fanned herself a couple of times and said she need to drink no more wine and to quit laughing as it was making her hot.

Carol responded by saying, "I don't think it is the wine or the laughter, but I think it is the topic that has both of us warmed up."

Lisa giggled and said, "I'm glad to hear that, now I know I'm not the only one." Both of them laughed and as they did their bare legs touched and Carol lightly touched Lisa's arm. Lisa put her head back and said, "I woke up after one of my dreams this morning and Mike was already gone. I really needed to get off." 

Carol said, "Been there, done that. I could use a little touch myself." There was a silence and finally Carol said, "Please don't take this the wrong way, but have you ever, uh, you know experimented?" Lisa looked at Carol and said, "I don't know what you mean."

Carol looked serious and said, "You know with another woman."

Lisa said, "No, never. In fact I don't know if I have ever really given it a serious thought. Why, have you?"

Carol nodded her head and said, "I was reading an article the other day and it was talking about women to women sex and I got so excited that I had to masturbate. I don't know what came over me."

Now it was Lisa's turn to be serious. "Well, I suppose there are women out there that you could pick up and experiment with."

Carol shook her head and said, "No, not random sex. I think I would want to make love with someone I knew and cared about." Once again their legs inadvertently touched. Carol touched Lisa's arm once again and said, "I guess it's silly." But she noticed that Lisa had not pulled her hand or her thigh away. 

Whether emboldened by the wine or the moment Carol leaned over and kissed Lisa on the lips. It was not a deep, penetrating kiss, just a soft, sweet kiss, that lasted just long enough. Carol removed her mouth and said, "Lisa, I'm so sorry. I just got swept away."

Lisa did not move but simply replied, "That was nice, but honestly I have to tell you I wouldn't even know what to do."

Carol leaned in again and as she spoke the two women could feel the heat and the scent of arousal. The scent came from every pore of their bodies. "The article said, what was nice about being with a woman was that she would know exactly what to do because of her own body." Carol kissed Lisa once again but this time her tongue grazed the blonde's lips. For a moment there was no response and Carol was ready to give up when she felt the tip of Lisa's tongue. Their mouths opened as their arms wrapped around each other. 

Their kiss turned deeply passionate and intimate. The kiss was broken and the two looked at each other. They paused for a moment and this time it was Lisa who leaned forward and initiated the kiss. Their tongues danced in each others mouths and they began to caress each other through the sheer summer blouses. Buttons came undone and blouses tossed aside as they caressed each other.

Hands roamed over breast encased silken bras. Deep breathing replaced their normal pace. Bras were unhooked and slid down shoulders. For the first time the two women touched breasts and nipples other than their own. 

It was familiar but different. They played with nipples, exploring like children with a new toy. Carol lowered her head and licked softly on Lisa's right nipple. Lisa unconsciously pushed her chest forward and Carol took the small bud in her mouth. As Carol sucked on Lisa's nipples, Lisa caressed, pinched, and gently twisted Carols. 

Carol moaned and lay back. Lisa became the more aggressive and began to suckle on Carol's breasts. Carol stroked the blonde's hair and encouraged her with moans and sighs. Carol reached down and slid the zipper down on Lisa's shorts. She unbuttoned the button and pushed Lisa back. 

Carol's hands went into the waistband and both shorts and panties slid off. Carol took one of Lisa's legs and lifted it up to the back of the couch. Lisa lay back and Carol looked at the curly blonde mound before her. 

"Lisa, it's beautiful. Such soft blonde curls and such pretty pink lips, and that lovely little bud sticking out."

Lisa just smiled. Strange she usually felt uncomfortable when Mike commented about her body. Nice ladies didn't talk that way, but when Carol said it, it seemed ok. Carol finally spoke. "May I kiss you down there?"

Lisa breathlessly replied, "Only if you take your shorts off and let me kiss you at the same time."

Carol stood and removed her shorts and panties. Lisa focused on the chestnut thatch of hair as Carol scooted around and then place her knees on either side of Lisa's head. 

It seemed as though there was an unspoken command and Carol lowered his hips as she lowered her head. For the first time they women were face to face with a pussy that was not there own. While both knew what they smelled like and tasted like they were now discovering what another women smelled like. It was delightful and the taste was even better. 

Both were tentative aft first, but as lips became swollen, pussies moist, and clits erect both women began to kiss, lick, and suck in earnest. As they licked away they inserted fingers in each other's pussies. As they licked and moaned Lisa had an idea. With her other hand she gently pushed against Carol's anus. Carol let out a long moan and her hips bucked. Lisa pushed bit more firmly and Carol pushed her hips back. 

Carol responded in kind. The women licked and fingered each other for quite a while. Both loved the feeling and wanted to moment to continue all afternoon, but there was that primal need within each of them that wanted the release of orgasm. 

Both women teetered their for a while and finally Lisa gave in. She surrendered to the tongue and fingers of her friend. The orgasm began down deep inside and like a wild fire swept over her whole body. She began to moan and perspire. Her nipples were so hard they ached. Her pussy melted in a flood of hot liquid. Her hips bucked as if they had a mind of their own and as she peaked she felt Carol beginning the unmistakable signs of orgasm. Both women quaked and moaned as their orgasms washed over them. And then slowly both of them came back to earth. Carol rolled off and turned around. The two women snuggled and dozed for a while and then sat up. 

Silently they began to dress and then sat and looked at each other. "If you're wondering if I'm sorry this happened, I'm not," said Carol. Lisa agreed. "I'm pretty sure this will never happen again," continued Carol and once again Lisa agreed. They talked about their friendship and were positive that this would not change a thing. In fact they had decided to go shopping on Wednesday and out for a bite for lunch. 

They gave each other quick hugs and kisses and Lisa got in her car. As she pulled out of Carol's driveway and blended in with traffic she thought to herself, "I'm pretty sure this will never happen again." Hmmmmmm.