 "There are two ways to go about it," she said, leaning in close across the table. "Either we go on pretending like there's nothing between us at all, or we go back to my place." 

I couldn't deny my attraction. I had known her for years and always thought she was beautiful and confident, making her effortlessly sexy. She knew that I had never been with another woman, and I knew that she had. Her straightforwardness made her all the more alluring.

I tried to play it cool and give her a non-committal smile as I thought about the proposition. She looked into my eyes with a mischievous look and slowly bit her bottom lip. She was being patient with me. Her eyes slowly moved down to my low-cut top and I realized my breath was getting heavy; my breasts were rising and lowering as she watched, still biting her lip. Self-conscious, I leaned back, and finally broke the silence.

"What – what do you mean?" I asked in a pathetic attempt to seem coy. She laughed lovingly, her smile that I had always thought gorgeous inspiring me to smile, too.

We had been reminiscing most of the night about our long friendship. I was visiting from out of town, where I had moved after college. I always made a point to see her when I visited. Like tonight, we went to fancy restaurants and excitedly dressed up for each other – referring to it as our "date night." We drank and flirted shamelessly with the waiters, and with each other. This was the first time she had invited me back to her place.

"Thanks to this," she lifted her wine glass; "I have the courage to tell you what I've wanted to tell you for a long time. I want you. I have for years. And I feel like you want me, too." She took a slow drink, never breaking her gaze from mine. Even her deep blue eyes seemed to be speaking seductively to me. In spite of myself I let out a small gasp and leaned closer to her. Her eyes immediately darted to my cleavage again. "Oh," she moaned quietly. 

"Yes," I blurted out, surprising myself. "Yes, let's go back to your place. I want you, too." She looked surprised, then eager, and we left the table and paid quickly. Without saying anything, we were out the door walking toward her apartment.

"Am I really going to do this?" I thought as we walked swiftly past people rushing in out of bars along the road. "Will this be my first time with another woman?" I had thought about it hundreds, maybe thousands of times before. When I masturbated, lesbian fantasies were my favourites to imagine. I looked over at her and noticed her long dark hair flying behind her and the swing of her hips while she walked. I admitted to myself that she had been the focus of more than a few of those fantasies in the past. I exhaled sharply and a shiver ran up my neck.

The summer air was warm and welcoming on my bare legs. We were both dressed in short dark-coloured dresses and heels. We had joked upon arriving at the fancy restaurant that maybe our dresses were a bit too short. We agreed that that's how we liked it.

"It's just up here," she said, beaming with excitement. She had been with women in the past, and whenever she told me about it I was turned on.

We climbed to her apartment and she opened the door, leading me in. "More wine!" she shouted, and I echoed her, somewhat nervously. We walked through to the living room, and she went off to the kitchen to retrieve the drinks. "Have a seat," she called back. I did, and immediately felt against the couch that I was slippery wet. My mouth fell agape involuntarily at the realization just as she returned with the glasses.

"What's that face for?" she teased. At this point I knew that we were playing a back-and-forth game of seduction. I could have told her that it was nothing and let the game continue. Instead, the feeling of my wet pussy against my panties and the anticipation of having her made me take it a step further.

"I just realized that my pussy is soaked thinking about you." Now it was her turn to let her jaw fall. She put down the glasses on the nearest surface and sat down quickly next to me. Then she hesitated. 

"I just want you to know that this won't alter our friendship or anything, in case you're worried," and I interrupted: "I'm not worried. I want you, bad. Fuck me, Michelle, please."

She gasped, "Yes," and I immediately kissed her. Our lips met clumsily, but our tongues made up for it. We kissed deeply – my first kiss with a woman – for what felt like minutes on end. I had Goosebumps down my neck. She tasted like her lip-gloss, sweet and girly, and it turned me on even more. Her more experienced hands began to caress the sides of my neck, then down my shoulders to the straps of my dress. We continued kissing as she pulled one strap, then the other, down. Our lips parted and she leaned back, sliding her fingers between the material and my skin at my cleavage. She looked into my eyes, and they seemed to ask if I wanted her to proceed. "Yes," I gasped, breathing hard, my chest swelling against her fingers. She slowly pulled my top down, exposing my bare breasts.

"Oh," she moaned. "I love how you never wear a bra. Not even with breasts this big." She looked at them a moment longer, before placing a hand on each. She squeezed gently. 

"They're even better than I imagined." I laughed, feeling self-conscious for the first time since we had started. She looked at me, smiling. "You think I'm joking?" She asked. I shook my head. "I've held some breasts before, you know. These are my favourite." She squeezed a little harder and pushed them together. My nipples were rock hard, and she noticed. She moved her hands down to my legs and leaned on my thighs while she bent toward me, sucking my left nipple into her mouth.

"Oh!" The sensation surprised me. She was flicking my hard nipple with her tongue as she sucked, while her hands massaged my thighs. I closed my eyes and leaned back. She followed until I had my back on the couch. Then she stopped sucking and sat up. I looked at her, a bit surprised.

"Here, get up," she said, helping me up, my dress falling to my hips. She got on her knees in front of me, and slowly pulled my dress down to my feet, leaving me in nothing but my panties. 

"Oh wow," she whispered. I looked down to see that my pink panties had a dark wet spot from all my excitement. She leaned in and kissed the spot, sending a bolt through my limbs and making my knees buckle. She smiled up at me and let her hands trail up the backs of my thighs to my ass. She grabbed my cheeks and softly pulled me toward her mouth. I moaned loudly while she kissed my wet lips through my panties, letting my fingers entwine through her hair. Then she pulled back. 

"You're just too fucking sexy," she said as she stood up. "I'm getting ahead of myself."

I looked at her wondering what she meant. Did she have a plan?

"Let's head to my bed," she whispered, and gently guided me toward it. When we entered, she pulled the duvet off. "Lie down, Marie."

I laid on the bed and modestly crossed my ankles. She giggled, and reached down to the hem of her dress. She lifted it over her head as I watched. Her legs and hips were glorious and full, further accentuated by her small waist. She removed her bra and the sight of her petite breasts made me bite my lip. Her nipples were cute and pink, and very puffy. I wanted so badly to taste them, and I got up on my elbows toward her. 

"Wait," she smiled. I giggled and did as I was told.

She kept her panties on – they were black bikini-style – and she turned toward her dresser. I watched her full, round ass bounce while she walked away. 

"Oh, fuck, your ass is amazing," I blurted out. She laughed and, grabbing something from a drawer, turned around and asked, "Do you want to see it up close?"

The question, and the confidence with which it was asked, made me involuntarily spread my legs as my knees twitched with delight. "Oh, yes!"

She smiled at my now exposed panties and whispered, "Good." She kneeled down on the edge of the bed and bent forward, sliding her hands up my legs toward my pantyline. She snuck her fingers underneath and began to slowly pull my panties down. I could feel them peeling away from my wet vulva and raised myself up to allow them to come off. She never took her eyes off me while she pulled the panties all the way off. I felt incredibly exposed and excited as she saw me completely naked for the first time.

Without hesitating, she tossed the panties to one side, and gently pushed my knees apart. My heart was racing, knowing that my vulva was spreading along with my legs, meaning I was opening up in front of her eyes. Her experienced hands guided me open, and my mind was screaming for her fingers or mouth.

Just then I noticed what she had brought back from the dresser. It was a length of cord, the same kind I had seen in fetish porn. She caught me looking at it and smiled. 

"What do you think about this?" she asked, picking it up and beginning to unravel it. My mind was racing and my heart was beating against my chest.

"Yes, please, tie me up," I panted. She laughed sweetly, and I smiled. We looked into each other's eyes and she rushed to lean in to kiss me. Then she stood up and began shoving the rope under the bed, letting an end hang out on either side of the mattress. She took each end and tied it to one of my knees, gently pulling my legs apart. I sat up watching her on my elbows. When she was done, she sat back to admire her work.

"I love your hair," she said, gently touching the short fuzz above my clitoris. 

"Th-thank-you," I shuddered, acutely aware of how close she was to touching my pussy. She traced both hands up my thighs toward my knees, gently pushing them even farther open. I let my head fall back as she leaned her face in closer to my pussy. I could feel her breath on my by now throbbing clit.

"Oh god," I whispered. The anticipation was killing me. I could feel the juices from my pussy dripping down drop by drop. How long was she going to torture me like this?

Then she did something I never would have expected. She slid both her arms under my thighs, and pulled me forward and up. This exposed my ass, and sent my knees up and spread even wider. I could no longer sit up on my elbows or see anything she was doing. I gasped. 

"That's better," she said. Then I felt her hands grab my ass and thighs, and her fingers pull my vulva even farther apart. She rubbed my lips together, massaging them in a circular motion. The sensation on my clitoris was incredible and I gasped again.

"I've wanted to taste you for so long," she whispered, her breath heavy against my clit. I squirmed against the rope, and she took this opportunity to surprise me once again. She plunged her tongue into my wet hole, and kissed her lips against me. I let out a loud moan and tensed up completely, then relaxed. I could feel every movement her tongue was making – inside my pussy, against my lips, up toward my clit, down toward my ass. My head was swimming, and I no longer felt tense at all. 

"You're delicious," she said against my lips. "And you're soaking wet." She slid a finger into me, then another. She easily found my g-spot and began to stroke it.

"Oh wow," I gasped. She was rubbing me just the way I rub myself while I masturbate. My hands absent-mindedly began to pull and tug on my nipples, and she rubbed harder. 

I let one hand trace down to my clitoris, and felt how swollen it was.

"No," she said, seeing my intention, and moved my hand away. She then took a long lick from her fingers inside me right up to my clit, the first time she had touched it. The sensation sent me bolt upright with pleasure.

"I'm going go have to get another rope to hold your top half down," she joked, not letting her lips leave my clitoris. I moaned and moaned, begging her for more. She began circling her tongue around it, slowly going faster and harder while she continued to rub my g-spot. 

"Holy fuck!" I was almost screaming now. I couldn't imagine holding out any longer. I wanted to cum so much.

"Oh god, I want to cum!" I pleaded. She slowed down immediately. "No, not yet," she pulled her fingers out slowly. She sat up on the bed while I caught my breath.

"Do you remember telling me one of your fantasies on one of our date nights?" she asked. My head was still swimming, and at the time I could barely remember my name.

"Marie," she reminded me. "Do you remember what you said one of your fantasies was?" Now I understood the question. Had I told her one of my lesbian fantasies in the past? Had I been that forward? I giggled in spite of myself and admitted that no, I wasn't sure what she was talking about.

"I'll remind you," she whispered, and she stood up. I sat up just in time to watch her slide her panties down.

I bit my lip as she began to crawl toward me, slowly easing me down back onto my back. She continued to move up my body, until her knees were next to my head and her pussy was directly above me. 

"Oh god yes," I moaned. She smiled: "Remember now?"

Her scent was bewitching and I craned my neck closer to her. I began licking her greedily. She gasped and giggled, and I realized that I hadn't been nearly as suave with her as she had been with me. She didn't seem to mind, though, because she held my head against her. I lapped, flicked, and sucked her pussy, just as I had imagined so many times. Her juices were running down my chin, and she tasted like nothing I had ever experienced. It was delicious, and I couldn't slow myself down. I wanted her to cum right there against my tongue.

Just then, she gently pulled my head away. I moaned and looked up at her, wanting more and more. She smiled, and asked, "Do you remember what I told you one of my fantasies was?"

I did remember. I nodded eagerly, and placed my hands on her hips, guiding her while she turned around. Her gorgeous ass was right in front of me now, and she bent down toward my pussy, exposing her own. She leaned back expertly, and I spread her lips with my fingers. I began licking her again, more slowly and with more finesse than before. She rocked her hips against my tongue for a few minutes, before drawing my knees toward her and licking my pussy, too.

The sensation of having her mouth on my pussy while tasting hers was soon too much. I began to moan into her pussy more than lick it, and she responded by sliding two fingers inside me and intensely pulling at my g-spot. I lost all control. My knees pulled against the ropes, and I began to orgasm just as she started sucking my clit. I gasped against her pussy and moaned while my muscles contracted around her fingers, and my clit swelled and pulsed.

I was euphoric as she slid herself out of me and pulled her pussy away from my lips to sit next to me on the bed. I knew I didn't need to say anything to convey how strong my orgasm was; I don't think I could have if I wanted to.

She was beaming at me in my drowsy post-orgasmic state. Suddenly I snapped-to and sat up next to her.

"What about you?" I asked. "I want to make you cum."

She stood up and walked back toward the dresser, chuckling and biting her lip.

"You will... eventually."