 Let me take a moment to introduce myself to those of you that have chosen to read my story....I am 5'4" and 120 pounds. I have big blue eyes and blonde, shoulder length hair. I chose to go by Snobaby22 because I was born in January (and where I'm from, in January there is usually snow on the ground) and the 22 comes from my age. I am in a serious relationship in which we have an 18 month old son together. We are just your average, everyday, middle-class American family. Although, I must admit, there's something about myself that I've never shared with my boyfriend. And the secret is...I'm attracted to women. I'm talking about beautiful women like Carmen Electra and Jennifer Lopez. Women with "perfect" bodies turn me on like I've never been turned on before. I have often fantasized about women, licking them, touching them, undressing them, kissing and making hot, passionate love to them. I would love nothing more to engage in hot, kinky sex with a female! Ok, so now that you know my secret, I'll start the story, but remember...Sssshhh, it's our secret!!

I work for an advertising firm in a small, but wealthy, upper class area. The community is a fairly safe place to be. The people here are often a bit gruff and unsociable. However, there are those who are not. Some of the town's residents are pleasant and neighborly and will say hello to you when you pass by on the sidewalk. There is a local casual restaurant directly next door to the agency, in which my mother is the owner. I usually grab a bite to eat for lunch there throughout the week and have become friends with some of the servers. 

Renee has been working at the establishment since their 'Grand Opening' about a year ago. Renee is culminating, sensual and radiant. She is practically the same size as me, with dark chestnut hair that falls just above her shoulders, flipping outwards at the ends. Renee's eyes are a twinkling green that literally sparkle in the sunlight. She is drop-dead sexy! Her ass is so round and tight and I couldn't tell you how many times I've envisioned my lips pressed up against her round melons. She's got perfectly shaped, impervious lips that she usually glosses with a shimmering pink toned gloss, which makes her mouth look so wet and juicy. When I look at her I imagine how wild she is in bed. I have cravings of wanting Renee in between my sheets.

Through our deep and personal conversations, I have discovered that Renee has had sexual encounters with women, but it's been a year or so. I have never had the guts to tell her about my true feelings towards women, how I burned up inside, and yearned for a woman's soft, gentle touch. There had been times in the past when I thought I had caught Renee 'checking me out'. She's also complimented me in a way in which made me feel like she was doing more than just complimenting. My curiosity grew more and more with each passing day. I had a feeling that the right opportunity to find out, would arise sooner or later. And boy did I hit the nail on the head....

Renee called me at work one afternoon to ask me if I had any party dresses that she could borrow. Her uncle was getting married in a few weeks and she needed a dress to wear to the nuptials. I told her I had a few at the house and she was more than welcome to drop by during my lunch hour to try one on. 

"I'll be going home for lunch if you wanna swing by around noon," I told her.

"Noon's great, I don't work today so that's perfect. I'll see ya in a while," Renee said as she hung up the phone.

My mind began to race. Could this be it? Could this be my chance to find out if Renee is attracted to me? I felt a sudden tingling sensation below my waist. I wanted Renee so bad, but I still had 45 minutes until my lunch break to find out what could possibly happen next.

I finished up a project I was working on, grabbed my Prada bag and headed out the door. It was the middle of June. The weather was hot and arid and the wind barely blew a breeze. I jumped in my car, cranked up the air, put the CD player on number 4 and put the car in drive. I wanted Renee to desire me as badly as I craved and desired her, and one way or another, I was determined to find out how she truly felt. 

I pulled in the driveway and slammed the car into Park. I hopped out of the car and headed towards the front door. Renee pulled up just as I unlocked the door. I walked into the house and tossed my purse and keys onto the loveseat and grabbed a bottled water from the fridge. 

"Come on in, it's open" my voice rose from the kitchen as I heard her knock on the screen door.

As I came from the kitchen to meet her in the living room, we ran into each other. Apparently she was making her way to the kitchen and was closer than I realized. Our lips almost met. We both looked at each other and giggled. Then something quite strange happened. Renee stopped laughing and just stood there, her eyes gazed deep into mine and our noses were merely inches apart. My stomach turned upside down and my pussy moistened. She leaned in and started kissing me. Renee put her sultry tongue in my mouth and our tongues swirled around in unison. My heart sunk to the bottom of my stomach and my legs started quivering from my lack of experience with a female. My pussy was throbbing and grew wetter and wetter. She placed both of her hands on each side of my cream complected face and embraced me even harder. Unsure of what to do, my hands started to perspire and tremble. Then I stopped and thought for a moment. Just do what you would with anyone else. Touch her where she yearns to be touched. Where does a woman liked to be caressed?? Start by running your hands along her breasts. A woman knows what a woman wants. I immediately took my hands from off of her shoulders and ran them over her mountainous bosoms. Hers were two cup sizes bigger than mine and I was dying to see them.

Renee's mouth went from mine and she began to run a trail of wetness down my neck. The hairs on my body stood at attention. I have never been so aroused in my entire life. No man has ever made me feel this desired. NEVER.

"You smell so sexy," she spoke softly into my ear as she drew in my scent with her nose.

"I want to taste all of you, Gisele," she continued to whisper in my ear.

"Lets go to my room," I said as I grabbed her hand and led the way.

"Gisele, have you ever done this before, you seem a little uneasy?"

"Um, n-no, I haven't. I just want to make sure I make you feel good, that's all."

"Well, don't be scared, I bet you'll make me feel great," she reassured me as she slowly pushed me down onto the bed.

Renee lowered herself onto me and began kissing me again. I ran my fingers through her cinnamon brown hair as we embraced. I slid my hands down to the small of her back and started lightly running my fingers along the waistband of her cotton drawstring shorts. She let out a soft groan which let me know she enjoyed the way I was touching her. Renee continued to kiss me as she trailed her hands up my shirt. Once she reached my breasts, she pulled the material down to access my nipples. She pinched and tweaked at my erections causing my breath to deepen. She knew what she was doing, and she was doing it with great expertise.

I stuck my hands down her shorts to grope and fondle her butt that I have fantasized about many times. Her ass felt smooth and firm when I ran my fingers across it. I gave it a few good squeezes, kneading it like dough. Renee stuck the tip of her tongue in my ear, causing my nipples to harden even more.

"Your hands feel so incredible massaging my ass, Gisele."

"Ooh yeah, and your mouth feels so hot and wet in my ear, its making my clit swell." I whispered to her in a low, sexual timbre.

I reached my hand down the crack of her ass to find her wet slit. I gradually ran my finger along her slippery lips, driving her crazy. Her labia was smooth and lustrous and freshly shaven. Renee lifted my shirt up over my head and tossed it across the room. She then slid my bra straps off of my shoulders and removed the lace cups from my pert, round globes. She glided her body down mine and placed her dewy wet mouth over top of one of my nipples. She suckled lightly on my tit, causing me to moan with passion. Renee nibbled on my small, pink nipples, making my insides burn like a molten fire.

I turned her over so that I was now the aggressor. As I straddled her, I lifted her turquoise tank top over her breasts, pulled down her bra and started making love to her with my mouth. She let out a small chuckle and grinned.

"What?" I asked her.

"Your tongue is tickling me," she continued to laugh.

"Your breasts are so amazing Renee, your nipples are so hard and they are turning me on," I told her.

"Well, just how turned on are you?" she asked as she slid her hand down into my panties. "Oh my gosh, Gisele, you are soaking wet!"

We both just laughed. I worked my way down to Renee's crotch and pulled off her g-string with my teeth, exposing her trimmed mound. Her sun-kissed skin smelled like lavender and chamomile. With her juices flowing from her pussy, I licked them up with my satin tongue. 

"Hhhmm...you taste so good baby." 

I put one hand on her pelvic and with my thumb, pushed the skin back to expose her enlarged clitoris. I traced small circles around her rosy bud, making sure to go soft and slow. Renee lifted her ass off of the bed and pushed her pussy into my face. I knew she was enjoying the oral pleasure she was receiving so I started eating her snatch even faster. I trailed up her entire slit, diving my tongue into her hot love hole, making her scream.

"Yes Gisele, that feels sooo fucking good. Ooohh, don't stop lover, don't stop. It feels like you've done this before. You're making my pussy feel so good. Oh, your tongue feels so wet. Ooohh."

I felt like I was going to cream in my panties from the noises she was making. I could feel my pussy walls contracting and pulsating as I was nearing an orgasm.

"Do you have any toys?" she asked me in between moans.

"Yeah, hold on," I told her as I removed my face from her cunt and retrieved a vibrator from the nightstand drawer.

"Oooh, that looks fun!" She said in a sexy, perky voice.

I laid back down between her thighs and ran the vibrator over her heated slickness. Renee began to let out soft groans as she rocked her hips back and forth, rubbing herself on the vibrator. I turned it on low and she gasped for a breath.

"Oh God, you're gonna make me cum!"

"Here, take it," I told her as I handed her the huge vibrating rod.

I stood up and removed all of my clothes so that I was bare. Her eyes widened and her mouth dropped open.

"Your body is so damn sexy. I wanna eat your pussy Gisele. Come here and let me taste your honey-pot," she demanded with a 'come here' motion with her finger.

I took the vibrating toy from her and got into a 69 position. I continued to toy her wet, pink flesh with my artificial dick as she lapped up my flowing pussy cream. We were both moaning loudly as an earth shattering orgasm neared the two of us. I turned the vibrator on high and placed it over her swollen clit as I dove my tongue in and out of her vagina. She started licking my ass and every once in a while probed in and out of my tight hole.

I ran my velvet muscle along her inner thighs and then back to her mound. I pressed the vibrator into her clit with a little firmness and she started humping up and down on the toy. Her juices gushed out as she came and I continued to lick up every last drop of nectar that she had for me. She stopped bucking her hips and just layed on the bed breathing heavily, trying to calm down and regain her composure.

"Sit on my face!" she commanded.

I flipped myself around and placed my knees on both sides of her head, straddling her face. This was by far the sexiest sight I have ever seen! Renee devoured my pussy. She ran her tongue in between my pink folds as I rocked my hips over her mouth. Her nose was rubbing against my swelled button as her tongue thrashed at my cunt. She had oral sex down to a perfection; one I had never experienced before.

I rubbed my hands along my breasts, and lightly pinched my nipples. Renee's watery tongue plunged deep inside my vagina and my body began to shutter. I contracted and released my muscles within as I let out a strong and powerful, mind altering orgasm. I continued to gyrate my hips back and forth over Renee's face as my succulent cream trickled into her waiting orifice.

"I-I'mmm cumming...aahh, aaahh, oh yeah...don't stop Renee! Fuck me, lover....ooohh, oohh!"

My hips slowly came to a halt as my orgasm ended. My physique came crashing down next to Renee's. As I layed there, I could still feel my insides pulsating from the first-time lesbian orgasm that she had given me. The way she had just made me feel was indescribable. My body was lifeless as I relaxed next to my new secret lover. My heavy breathing started to stabilize as I leaned over to place gentle butterfly kisses on her forehead. We just looked into one another's eyes and smiled. 

I sluggishly got up from my bed and started redressing. Renee didn't move.

"I gotta head back to the office, lunch time is over doll."

"Oohh," she whined.

"Renee, you just definitely gave me one hell of a great time. Being with you has made me feel like we should have started this a long time ago." I expressed my innermost thoughts to her.

She got off of the bed and walked up to me, and placed her arms around my neck. We began to kiss soft and passionately and then she told me that she would have never known it was my first time by the way I made her feel. We broke apart and she started to put her clothes back on.

"Oh shoot, you didn't even get to look through my closet," I said to her.

"It's really no big deal, the wedding isn't for a few more weeks anyway. I've got plenty of time to make my way back over here to try one on," she said with a devious look in her eyes.

"Oh, well here...I'll just pull a few out and you can take 'em with you."

I pulled out a satin taupe chiffon party dress that had a tight fit and fell a few inches above the knee. Her eyes widened and I immediately knew she wanted to wear it.

"Oh my gosh, that dress is beautiful. Can I try it? I hope it fits." 

"Fine with me, just make sure you don't spill any beer on it!" I teased her.

"Thanks for letting me borrow more than just a dress, I'll make sure to pay you back when I return it," she winked as she opened the door to her car and then drove off.

A timid expression came from my face as I looked down at the ground. I grinned as I acknowledged that there would be many more times between her and I.