 At University there had always been the three of us, a trio of girls who were rapidly closing in on their twenties and turning into women, and who hung around together. Ruth, petite and red haired, was the giggly and adventurous one, Dinah was the willowy blonde that any group needs to help pull the boys, and Dawn - that's me - was the mousy one, the bog standard, general issue female who doesn't stand out in any way, but makes up the numbers.

We were almost never apart, whether we were out clubbing or drinking, at gigs, raves or festivals, attending lectures, and even occasionally studying in the library, we'd always be together. We even went on multiple dates together to make sure that our boyfriends of the moment only got as far with us as we were prepared let them. In short we were known to be inseparable because we were seen doing everything together.

But there was one activity which we indulged in that we took care nobody saw us doing together. I'm not sure how that started, although I guess alcohol must have had something to do with it, but about once or twice a week we'd all get together in one of our rooms and have what we called our private fun time. If we were all in the right mood, and that was pretty often, someone would suggest that it might be playtime and then we would undress and either watch each other masturbate or help each other masturbate, or even use the vibrator that Ruth had bought on each other. The main aim, besides collapsing into embarrassed giggles, was to make each other come as hard and as often as possible. 

Now I must be clear that we were not really attracted to our own sex at all and everything we did was without any romantic overtones. To understand you have to remember that we were all subject to raging youthful hormones and unaccustomed freedoms at that time, and so we found it easy to be horny around each other. Fun time was our way of alleviating that horniness. So rather than being secret lesbians we were more like secret exhibitionists, if there can be such a thing, and our purpose was simply to have fun in each other's presence, you know, fooling around sexy fun. We didn't kiss, or make love, or anything like that, we just made each other orgasm, and then laughed at the noises we each made and the faces we pulled. The only time when any of us got even slightly more involved was once when Ruth went down on me, just, or so she said, to see what it was like. I must admit that I enjoyed it and I came really hard, but I don't think she thought much of it because it was never mentioned again.

Of course all too soon the time came when we left the university and went our separate ways, although we vowed to stay friends and keep in touch. And so we did at first, at least to an extent. We even met up a few times at and had a 'fun time' together, but soon serious boyfriends and careers, and then marriages and children, all got in the way. In the end Dinah's husband, Jed, landed a plum job with an Australian touring car race team and they emigrated. After that contact naturally tailed off to just phone calls and Christmas cards.

Now time had passed and we were all creeping up on thirty, and we were about to meet for the first time in years. This had come about because Dinah had come home for a visit, intent on catching up with friends and family, and she had suggested that the three of us got together one more time before she left to go back down under. She'd asked if she could stay over with one of us so that we could be just like we had been 'in the old days.' Both Ruth and I had a good idea what she had meant by 'the old days', but hey, why not? My place was the chosen venue because I was the one without a husband and/or kids to get in the way. 

I'd once had a husband, but he'd gone off with another woman and I haven't stopped celebrating since. He had about as much fun and adventure in him as a Trappist monk, the miserable little git. But I hadn't realised that when I married him of course.

Dinah was the first to arrive, looking as beautiful as ever in a powder blue two piece over a dazzling white blouse. How can anyone have twin boys and still look that trim? I haven't had any kids, but my figure is nothing like as good as it was, or I don't think so anyway, and my summer dress looked positively dowdy against her outfit.

I'd hardly had time to take her overnight bag from her hand when the doorbell rang again and Ruth stood there grinning like the famous Cheshire cat. We hadn't met for a couple of years and she'd put on a little weight since last I saw her, but she still looked prettier than she had any right to look in tight black slacks and a sweat shirt. We all hugged and kissed cheeks and then settled down to empty a couple of wine bottles, myself and Ruth sitting side by side on the sofa and Dinah in the big armchair opposite.

Of course Ruth and I wanted all the details of the Jed's job, not that we understood much of what we heard, and of what Dinah's home was like, how she'd coped with the numerous and unfamiliar Aussie snakes and spiders, and so on and so on. We 'oohed' and 'aahed' at what we considered the appropriate moments, gave her our genuine congratulations and tried to hide the broad green stripes that had developed down each of our backs.

Then we brought each other up to date with the more mundane bits of news, like how well the kids were doing at school, how good our newest gadgets were, how Ruth's family was settling in to her own new house, how the new diet fad was working and so on, and then we sort of ran out of steam and sat fidgeting and mutely looking at each other.

The truth was really that we'd not so much run out of steam as run out excuses to avoid the other, unspoken, reason for our get together. We all understood about that, but none of us had the guts to bring it up just in case we were wrong. All we needed was someone with the courage to actually say something, and each of us hoped it would be someone else. In the end it was Ruth who said the magic words.

'I think it's playtime, don't you?'

Of course we did, we were all feeling as randy as hell just at the thought, but we'd all hidden it just in case nobody else was. Now we all looked at each other with an innocent expression as if we'd never thought anything of the kind, and then we disintegrated into giggles when it was clear that we all had.

We pulled ourselves together and Ruth asked the customary question. 'How far?'

When, years before, we had first started having our fun times, we had always decided first how far we wanted to undress, but as we inevitably decided on stripping completely it just became a way of confirming everyone's consent, and "how far" essentially translated as "are we all cool with this?" To which there had developed a time-honoured reply.

'All the way.' Dinah and I chorused, pretty much in unison.

There was an excited expectancy in the way we all undressed. The quick nervous movements and shallow breaths all betrayed how we felt, even though we deliberately tried not to look at each other. We were all extremely anxious that this 'fun time' should be a good one, but we were very unsure how it would work after so long. In the end our collective nerve failed and we all just took our clothes off and then sat back in our seats to look expectantly at each other, each of us once again wanting someone else to make the first move.

'Your boobs have grown.' Ruth told Dinah, trying to break the lengthening silence without committing herself to anything.

Dinah cupped her breasts and jiggled them. 'I guess it's a legacy of two kids, along with my stretch marks.'

If she hadn't have mentioned them I don't think anyone would have noticed the marks, but her previously flawless belly did now bear the marks of motherhood. Not that it made her any less good-looking.

Then I noticed something different about Ruth. Her normally wild and curly red bush was completely gone. 'You've shaved.' I told her, as if she didn't know.

'Yes.' She agreed with a smile. 'Dale wanted me to. He said he got fed up with flossing his teeth every time he went down on me.'

Dinah leaned forward to get a better look. 'Let me see.'

Ruth parted her legs, showing us her smooth pussy to.

'It looks lovely.' I told her. 'Can I touch it?' 

I don't know what made me blurt it out like that, and I felt suddenly horribly embarrassed. I'd just wanted to feel the smoothness of her skin because shaving was something I thought of doing from time to time, but it can't have sounded that innocent. Fortunately potential embarrassment didn't seem to worry Ruth, probably because she thought it was my way of getting things moving, and so she just nodded and opened her legs a little wider. 

'Be my guest.'

I leaned across, reaching out to let the tips of my first two fingers run softly across her mound and then up and down each side of her pussy, gently stroking her labia. It felt so smooth, so soft and warm, so different to normally hairless skin, almost like skin that had been talcum powdered, and I just sat there trailing my fingers over her skin.

'That feels really nice.' I told her, unable to take either my eyes or my fingers from her pussy.

'You're telling me.' Her murmured reply made me smile.

Dinah watched me as I stroked Ruth, perhaps remembering the times when we played regularly with each other, but then she abruptly interrupted.

'Hey, come on. Aren't we getting a bit ahead of ourselves here? It always used to be self-service first, didn't it?'

She was quite right. It had always been our habit to begin a session by watching each other masturbate before any mutual touching. This time things had got off to a less organised start and we'd kind of missed out that bit.

'Trust you to be Miss Bossy-boots.' I told her, taking my hand way with obvious reluctance and rolling my eyes in mock frustration.

'Gotta do things right.' Dinah told me. 'Apart from that, you two can get together any time you want, I'll be half a world away and so I want my fun now. I want to remember today.' 

We couldn't really argue with that and so we just sat back as she settled back into the chair and spread her long legs wide, showing the fuzz of blonde hair that surrounded her pink and wetly shining pussy. We both watched her hand slide down between her legs and then, as she began to play with herself, we did the same.

I don't think any of us have a problem with being watched. I certainly don't. In fact, I love somebody seeing me touch myself. I don't know why but that's the way it is, and so having friends from my university days watching me play with myself gave me one hell of a buzz. I opened my legs as wide as my seat would let me and let my first two fingers find my clit. Then I just rubbed myself gently and gazed at the others in turn, watching them doing the same thing but in their usual different ways. 

Dinah was using two fingers, rubbing herself with quick little movements that danced back and forth over her clit, while Ruth was holding her labia apart with the first and third fingers, as I remembered she always used to, and using the extreme tip of her second finger to very softly circle the end of her clit, her hips jolting at the sensations she was producing. 

After a few minutes, after I was sure everyone's gaze had alighted on my pussy at least once, and when I could feel an orgasm slowly creeping up on me, I closed my eyes and just allowed myself get swallowed up by wonderful sensations. It was so damn good to play with myself so blatantly, knowing instinctively that at least one of the two girls would be watching me at any given moment, and so I let myself just enjoy the feeling and the company, being reminded of how enjoyable our times used to be by Dinah's quick little gasps and Ruth's throaty moans, and hearing my own involuntary noises becoming more pronounced as my climax crept closer. I wondered briefly why we had let such pleasures fade away, but then common sense gave me the answer. Time and circumstances. 

It was Dinah who came first, her little gasps turning into sharp little cries that built in volume, until suddenly she gave a keening wail and it was over. I opened my eyes and watched, imprinting her movements on my mind so that in the future I would always be able to remember her twitching and moving in her seat in her own jerky little way with her fingers flying over her clit and her head thrown right back. Dinah was always quick to come and her climax was perhaps not quite as intense as mine or Ruth's, but that didn't mean seeing her wasn't a turn on.

That said, I always found Ruth's climaxes more exciting to watch, because she comes much more heavily. She does it with her eyes squeezed tight, producing deep guttural groans while every muscle in her body seems to go into spasm. So a minute or so later, when she came, I made sure I watched her wriggling and writhing sinuously as she moaned and gasped until finally she went taut and rigid, her legs stretching out straight in front of her before her entire being seemed to collapse in on itself as her peak passed.

Suddenly both Ruth's and Dinah's eyes were on me, the last to climax as usual and enjoying the attention. I wonder sometimes if I subconsciously delayed my climaxes so I could be watched by the others, but I don't think so. I think it was just a happy coincidence that I was both the slowest to come and the most exhibitionistic. Whichever it was, it certainly worked for me this time, because my orgasm was tremendous, making me cry out and thrust up with my hips as each wave of pleasure poured through me. It seemed to go on and on before finally leaving me trembling from the intensity of sensations and gasping for breath.

'Wow, Dawn! You really enjoyed that didn't you?' Dinah observed when I finally came back to reality, her own voice not yet quite back to normal. I just nodded, unable to speak until I'd got my breath back.

It took a few minutes for any of us to be anything like recovered, and during that time we just sat there panting and grinning, three naked women with heaving chests and open legs. If anyone had looked through the window they would have wondered what the hell was happening.

'We haven't lost the knack then.' Ruth observed with a smile.

'It was good.' Dinah told us. 'And I'm going to go again.'

'Is that go or come?' I asked with a giggle.

'Both.' Dinah's hand slid back between her legs.

For a moment Ruth and I watched her begin to play again, but then Ruth looked at me and raised her eyebrows in query.

'Weren't we...?' She let her question tail off hopefully and turned slightly towards me, her legs spread wide.

'Yes, we were, weren't we?' I answered, moving closer to her and reaching out.

Once again my fingertips found the smooth skin of her soft outer labia and ran softly along them, up one side and down the other. It was lovely, stroking her and listening to her tiny sighs of contentment. She reached out her hand and gave my bare shoulder a squeeze of appreciation. There was no need; I was remembering how much I'd always enjoyed giving pleasure, perhaps even more than receiving it.

Soon my fingers moved so that they were travelling one each side, trailing up and down, creating little arousal noises. Ruth soon spread her legs even wider, inviting me to explore. 

'That looks nice.' 

Dinah's words interrupted us and we both glanced across, seeing her with one leg over each arm of her chair, giving us both the most explicit view of the two fingers she was pushing in and out of herself. There was no doubt that her display was deliberate, her comment designed to attract our attention.

'So does that.' Ruth played along, breathlessly echoing my own thoughts.

'Not sure how long this will last. My fingers are getting tired.' 

They were doing no such thing, of course, but Dinah always did like to be at the centre of things, and although she'd willingly begun to play with herself, she still wanted to be subject to someone's attentions and have them do it to her instead. 

It had always been difficult with three of us, because there was always going to be an odd one out, someone left to their own devices, someone who would have to play with themselves while the other two were busy together, and so it had long ago become the custom for each girl, as she had been brought to climax, to move on and do the same for the next one, each of us being "serviced" in turn. Dinah was trying to shortcut things, but Ruth was having none of it.

'Don't worry. I'll be there soon.' She told her, closing her eyes and surrendering to my ministrations for the moment.

I must admit that I still did find it exciting to be playing with one girl and watching another, all of us in the nude. I could see Dinah's pussy wet and open beneath the two fingers that were strumming at her clit while at the same time I was running my own fingers up and down Ruth's slit. By now I was stroking the inside of her labia, feeling the warm wetness of her entrance on the tips of my fingers and the hard little pea that was her clitoris as they passed it. Each time I touched her clit she jerked slightly from the sensation, and as my fingertips reached her hole she would push herself up a little, inviting me inside. She wanted both but to me it seemed to be which could I do best?

In the end I compromised. I slid from the sofa to crouch in front of her and push two fingers deep into her, and then I used the pad of my thumb to massage her clit. The deep little growl of pleasure told me I'd got it right. It wasn't long before her hips were gyrating on her seat and she was pushing back at my fingers in time to my thrusts.

'I'm coming.' She told me, stating the obvious.

Her eyes closed, her bottom lifted from the sofa and her hands made fists alongside her as the first rush of her climax hit. Then she groaned intensely and pushed herself against me as hard as she could each time, as if trying to engulf my entire hand. I pushed back, opposing her each time, adding another finger as I thrust into her as deeply as I could, wriggling them inside her to try and give her the maximum pleasure. She groaned and gasped and then, as always, her body went rigid, little gasping noises came from her mouth and then she simply sagged back, panting and shaking.

'God, you've got better.' She told me as she began to get her breath back. 'I thought you were going to push your whole hand in me there.'

'I was thinking about it.' I answered with a grin. 'You sure came hard.'

'I'm not surprised. How many fingers did you have up me?'

'Only three.' I assured her, adding playfully. 'I'll try for more if you like?'

Before she could answer we suddenly became aware of Dinah's gasps from diagonally behind me. I turned around just in time to see her shuddering into her orgasm. In honesty both Ruth and I had almost forgotten about her, so wrapped up were we in our own fun, while she had been busy watching and masturbating. Now we in turn watched her reach her climax.

She came as hard as we've ever seen her come before, her entire body jerking and jolting in the seat. We watched her face contort, screwed up and grimacing, with one hand gripping a breast so hard that the knuckles showed white while the other rubbed mercilessly at her clit. She looked as if she were going into a seizure, with her legs held rigidly out over the arms of her chair and every muscle showing tense and strained. I must admit that for a second or two I was actually worried for her, until she finally let out the long wailing sound that we knew so well and slumped into her seat, limp and spent, and I knew she had just had the most powerful orgasm of her life.

'Wow!' Exclaimed Ruth. 'What happened there?' 

Dinah just put up a hand and shook her head to tell us she couldn't speak yet, and we waited patiently for her to get her breath back, looks of curiosity on our faces.
