 I love to wake up and find my baby asleep with her back to me, lying on her side, her top leg bent at the knee, her hips leaning over a bit. I scooch against her and caress her curves, then rub her ass, squeezing it a little. 

My fingers slide along her inner thighs and I watch for her breathing to deepen. I let one finger slide through her pussy...her body involuntarily tenses just a little in her sleep. 

What would you call this? Maybe, a "sleep tease."

I breathe on her lower back, sliding my tongue along her spine, then trail kisses to her ass cheeks and kiss them all over.

Choosing not to wake her, I crawl up, tuck her ass close to my tummy and bend my top knee over her bottom leg...then I reach down and fuck my throbbing pussy with my finger, trying hard not to scream as I cum...but, making little noises...my body shuddering hard against her ass while my huge amount of cum soaks her inner thigh...

I slide my thigh through all my cum and place it gently against her pussy, my entire body cuddled against hers...all relaxed from my hard orgasm, I fall off to sleep...until my baby wakes few hours later and finds her pretty pussy soaked with cum from her woman...

She wakes me...her pussy quivering hard for me...and I get to eat her for breakfast...

Later, I'm outside in the sun. As always, naked.

I have to lie in the sun. It might be an addiction...maintaining my all-over tan. It's real, not sprayed on. Lots of hours in the sun. Okay, yes, it turns me on to be out there...naked, a glistening coating of oil all over me. I do fall asleep, but only after I fuck myself...

Blue doesn't like the sun, but she likes to come out there to play with me. She's naked, of course. We don't wear clothes at home. Sometimes, she comes out in time to slather oil on my body for me...but, she likes to eat my pussy first, burying her face between my legs...I love when she opens her mouth wide on my pussy and sucks me, clit and all, making noisy-slurpy sounds to get all my juices flowing from me...

Fuck! She's soooooo good...

She makes me cum so totally and completely...so fucking hard! My shaking, shuddering body gives her mouthfuls of my cum...she swallows eagerly, hungrily, and keeps sucking me, her tongue fucking in and out of my convulsing pussy...

Sometimes, she waits until I've been out there a while. She approaches from behind me and brings her mouth to mine...our lips touching, but just barely...letting me feel her hot breath on my mouth...

"I think you're dark enough...Blue wants to play now."

She kisses me, hotly sliding her tongue in my mouth, whimpering for me...then, she rubs her lips on mine very softly, saying the words that make me hottest for her...

"Sunny is my playtoy...you belong to me...you're all mine, my very own slutty bad girl. Now...it's playtime."

My pussy on fire, I whisper back to her...

"Feed me your pussy and fuck me, my precious baby...make me your hot, fucking whore...my body belongs to you..."

She slides down my oil-covered body and slides two fingers soooooooo deep in my body-throbbing pussy...I spread my legs wider for her, giving myself to her, letting her take me...I hold her ass and pull her pussy to my mouth...instantly, her body goes crazy and she fucks my mouth, then she cums very quickly...

...I came with her, because her two fingers inside me are fucking me harder when she cums...wiggling...sliding all around the walls of my pussy. Involuntarily, my ass raises in the air and my pussy grips her fingers tightly while my body convulses...her fingers controlling me...fucking me all the way through a fucking hot orgasm...

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Very sore muscles in both ass cheeks this morning...I like that. That makes me easily excitable and makes my pussy tingle every time I feel them, partly due to the reason... 

I gave my ass to Blue and her strapon last night on my hands and knees...and she had the HUGE toy on it. Fuck...I loved it! Oh...she fucked me soooooo hard, slamming her hips against my ass, burying that toy in my ass as far as it would go...

I had it coming to me. I had teased her without mercy, bending over in front of her, holding my ankles and wagging my ass at her...staying bent over while I threw all my hair back, letting it hit my ass. 

Then, I stood up and rubbed my ass against her...I leaned my head back and wrapped my arms around the back of her neck, my ass pressing her with my back arched...I spoke very hotly to her...

"My baby wants that ass, doesn't she...I think you should ass-fuck your very own sweet whore and make her scream with pleasure each time you ram that toy into her, don't you?"

"Oh...Sunny...you soooooooo belong to me..."

"Yeah, I do...every bit of me, inside and out, is all yours...it makes your hot slut horny as fuck to give you anything you want."

"Sunny...baby...give yourself to me..."

I had to make her know I wanted it hard...to show my ass no mercy. I turned around quickly and shoved her against the wall, slamming my body into hers...my strong thigh muscle landed roughly on her pussy. 

Blue screamed out, LOVING all of this...holding her ass, I picked her up, put my knee against the wall and set her pussy down on my thigh, her feet off the floor...she started fucking herself on my thigh, her juices running down to my pussy...

"Sunny! You bad little slut!"

She reached around and spanked me just once, then wriggled herself off my thigh, took my hand and led me to our bed...I got on my hands and knees while she put on the strapon...the one with the toy on the inside that goes inside HER!

I waggled my ass at her...teasing her...

"Give it to me, lover! Make my ears wiggle!"

Blue lubricated the big huge toy with honey, then squirted honey in my ass...

"Fuck yes! Lots of honey!"

She spanked me again, then RAMMED that thing in my ass!

"FUCK! THAT'S IT BLUE! MAKE ME YOUR WHORE!"

Blue fucked my ass sooooooooooo hard! I screamed out in absolute hot pleasure each time she fucked into me, holding my hips and slapping against my ass with her hips...I fucked back at her, making the toy inside her fuck her good!

Blue makes me cum just from fucking my ass...without touching my pussy...and I came out of nowhere, my body convulsing...she fucked me harder while I came and drove my body down onto the mattress...I only screamed louder!

"FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCK! MAKE ME CUM GOOD!"

I had my ass in the air for her...she held my hips and kept fucking while she dropped her body onto my back and bit my shoulder hard! THAT made me cum again, my body almost bucking her off me...then, she came with me! Her cum soaked my ass from behind the strapon, splattering each time her hips hit my ass! 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Sooooooo...here I am...early morning...my ass muscles sore as hell, my pussy tingling. My hot lady rode me sooooooo good and hard last night, and I love her so much, all I want to do is let her wake up with my face between her legs...my lips giving her pretty pussy lots of hot, wet kisses...

Ooooooooohhhhhhh...I could do that for hours...

Of course, she can only take so much of that. My Blue is a hot lady...

With my face deep between her thighs, I can feel her thigh muscles tense up...her legs tighten a little...she breathes deeper, a little unevenly...she starts to pull my hair and makes sexy little whimpering noises...

Her pussy is flooded with her juices, and I open my mouth to lick her in long tongue-strokes, then pushing my face harder into her and sucking her, making loud slurping sounds and getting her wonderful juices all over my face...

"Sunny...fuck, baby...ooooooohhhhh, don't stop...DON'T fucking stop..."

Her entire body is trembling, now...she's so close to the edge...

I slide my lips to her swollen clit...now, she's screaming out loud! I use my lips to hold her clit while I FLICK it to death with my tongue-tip...oh yeah...that did it...SHE CAME SO FUCKING HARD!

Screaming louder with her body in hard spasm while pulling handfuls of my hair, her cum POURED from her while I went after her clit, mercilessly...my mouth riding her...

Of course, I caught all her cum in my hands...

When her earth-shaking orgasm passed, she laid there, catching her breath...I lied next to her and let her watch me pour all her cum on my tummy from my hands...she laid flat on her back with her eyes open...I spread it all over my breasts, tummy, pussy and thighs...

"I LOVE wearing your cum, my precious Blue. Let's see now...need a layer of musk oil on top of this, then I'll be out in the sun, so suntan oil on top of that. Oh...you WILL be out to fuck me, won't you? Good!"

"Uh...Sunny, I have work to do, so..."

"That's okay, baby! I'll bake out there for a few hours, then I'll come back in and make you so hot for me, you won't say no...even if I have to fuck myself for you to watch, my love..."

"Not fair, Sunny! Not fair at all!"

"Aaaaawww...poooor baybeeeeeeeee!" I brushed her lips with a handful of my hair. "When I want to tease you, I don't play fair!" I slid down and kissed her pussy...her body jumped hard. 

"Now...I shall be outside, my nude body covered in LOTS of oil. If you'd like to have it sliding all over you, then my face buried between your legs and my mouth full of your pretty pussy, I suggest you join me."

My baby was right behind me...and I made her a very lucky woman, fucking her non-stop with my mouth and making her cum over and over and over...and making her so happy I am hers and she possesses me completely.

Thank-you for reading!

My love to all,

Sunny