 Cindy and Stacy have known each other since the third grade. They have gone to the same schools and have played the same sports. They are probably the best of friends that friends can be. The only difference between the blonde and brunette was their taste in men. Neither of them ever kept a boyfriend for more than three weeks and more than once they have come close to wanting to take their relationship with each other to a higher level, but neither of the women would give in. Now in college, they share the same dorm, heading in the same direction with an education and career.

They roll across the dorm floor, in an activity that has become a nearly daily activity since they were nine, wrestling. It is also the activity that has brought them almost together on more than one occasion. Stacy ends on top of Cindy, pinning her wrists to the floor. "Do you give up?" she asks laughing hard.

"To you?" Cindy asks laughing hard as well. "Never!"

"Then you'll have to pay the penalty," Stacy growls. She releases one wrist and grips Cindy's hair with her hand and leans downward to press her lips against Cindy's astonished and immobilized face, kissing her with passionate fervor. Cindy gasps and the motion opens her lips enough for Stacy's tongue to sweep inside, having an amazing effect. Cindy's mouth opens further and no longer resisting, but responding back, at first it seems almost on its own initiative.

Maintaining and deepening the kissing, Cindy's free hand tugs Stacy's breasts out of its bra. She squeezes the nipple with firmness, which is clearly not part of their wrestling. Stacy's head rears up with an astonished look of pleasure on her face and in an instant Cindy draws brunette's breasts to her mouth to start licking and nibbling them.

With a strangled moan, Stacy rolls off Cindy's body to lie on her back just begging to be sucked and fucked. Cindy gets an unbelievable rush from being in control and suddenly understands that this is what she wants; what they both want. It is why neither of them has ever kept a boyfriend for long.

Cindy rips Stacy's panties down her legs and throws them across the room. She begins to roughly finger Stacy's pussy and Stacy arches back and spreads her legs wide apart in response. As she finger fucks her, Cindy sucks on the other's breasts and nibbling on her nipples.

Stacy in turn shoves a hand down Cindy's panties, where she is now soaking wet, and pushes two fingers into her. Cindy gives a deep moan of pleasure, rearing up and then riding down against them, thrusting her own pelvis up and down and after a few seconds, she closes her eyes tight and shudders in climax.

When she reopens them, Cindy's mood and feelings for Stacy have completely changed. She smiles down at Stacy's lusciously curved body beside her and says, "Don't move."

Cindy goes to her room and a few moments later returns with a long shafted, ribbed, pink vibrator with a five-pronged clitoral stimulator mounted two thirds of the way down.

"Nice one," Stacy says with a groan.

Cindy switches it on and pushes it slowly into Stacy's wet pussy. She twists it back and forth, in and out. After several inserts and withdrawals it has Stacy fully lubricated. Cindy thrusts the vibrator in far enough to bring the rotating clitoral prongs to their target at the top of Stacy's clit.

"Oh my god," Stacy gasps. "Oh yes!"

Stacy is overtaken by waves of orgasm which leaves her lying completely spent while Cindy licks her clean and then smears the pussy juice from the vibrator over Stacy's breasts. Cindy returns her attention to Stacy's now dripping pussy. She shoves two fingers in while her thumb encircles her clit and within a few moments she is rewarded with another intensifying orgasm.

As her orgasm subsides, Stacy finds a renewed strength and rolls over on top of Cindy, pinning her beneath. Stacy reaches under Cindy and unsnaps her bra, freeing Cindy's breasts. She runs her hands over Cindy's chest, taking great pleasure in massaging the smaller breasts. "You are incredibly sexy," Stacy says before taking one of the breasts into her mouth.

Cindy closes her eyes, letting the sensations that Stacy's lips and tongue give her. She arches her back, spreading her legs wide. She is so turned on that, as Stacy focuses on her breasts, she slips her own hand down to her clit. The act doesn't go unnoticed and Stacy bats away the other woman's hand. "I'll get to that, have some patience," she berates.

After several long minutes Stacy changes positions and quickly removes Cindy's blue panties. She then swings a leg over to straddle Cindy's completely nude body, pushing her ass almost into Cindy's face. The busty Stacy then reaches for her own pussy with one hand, pulling her pussy lips apart and on to one of Cindy's nipples. As Cindy gasps in arousal, Stacy grips her breast, pushing the nipple into her and begins to fuck herself with it. After a moment, she begins to grunt and groan as the motions of her pelvis push her toward climax.

With her other hand, Stacy reaches forward in between Cindy's invitingly spread legs and thrusts two fingers into her pussy. Over the next few minutes, Stacy hammers her fingers in and out until its Cindy's turn to climax. Cindy's body jerks and writhes as Stacy's fingers ram deep inside and her thumb impacts on her clit. Cindy's convulsions drive her breast into Stacy's pussy, overloading her body into another orgasm. With a high picked scream, Stacy shivers in ecstasy and collapses forward on top of Cindy, her breasts landing just below the other woman's pussy and her head just below her knees.

Cindy can't resist this opportunity and she pulls on Stacy's hips to bring her spread open pussy the few inches needed to her mouth. Her tongue slips out and begins to explore the dripping wet pussy. Stacy doesn't hesitate to cooperate as her head dips into Cindy's pussy and she begins to lick long strides along her slit. They take their pussy eating slowly, letting it build into another satisfying orgasm.

They lay there for several long moments, catching their breaths until Stacy says with a smile, "I know just what we need."

She turns around and slides her pussy up between Cindy's spread legs, pushing it wetly against her pussy. They each grip each other's legs, pulling each other in closer to a butterfly position. As soon as they are set they begin grinding against one another in a sweaty passion.

Cindy transfers her grip from Stacy's thigh to her swaying breasts, cupping them upward as she rubs forward on the other's pussy. She pulls on the nipples when she does a downward slide. They jerk together as another orgasm flow through them, making them catch their breath and whimper in exhilaration.

Almost exhausted, they lay comfortably entwined together on the floor. "I never thought we'd ever give in," Cindy says.

Stacy smiles, "Neither did I. It has been a long time coming though."

"Maybe we should have a long time ago. I'm glad you made the first move," Cindy says smiling. "I want to be your lover nstead of just your friend."

"You do?" Stacy gasps, hoping Cindy's feelings truly match her own.

"I do," Cindy replies. "You and no other."

With a sudden renewal of energy, Stacy gets up off the floor. She kisses Cindy's mouth, neck and breasts and pussy as she gets up. She races to her room, returning after a few seconds, striking an erotic pose in the doorway, wearing a long strap-on dildo. 

"I want to fuck your sweet little ass."

Cindy lies back and gently spreads her legs wide open. Stacy brings the nub of the fake cock in to nudge against the other woman's slit, slowly pushing it between her pussy lips. It sinks in deeply with one long and slow thrust. In response, Cindy gives a shuddering gasp and wraps her legs around Stacy's hips, crossing her ankles over the other's back. Stacy begins driving the dildo in and out of Cindy's pussy with hard, fast and deep penetrations as Cindy moans and begs for more. Stacy firmly rides Cindy to the crest of another explosive climax and then withdraws the dildo and uses her mouth to lick up the pussy juices, stimulating Cindy even more.

With Cindy panting in jubilee, Stacy gives her leg a shove, indication without words that she should roll over onto her stomach. When Cindy does so, Stacy swings across to kneel between her legs and reaches forward, grabbing Cindy above her hips. She hauls her pelvis backward so that Cindy is kneeling with her ass thrust up into the air. Cindy takes in a breath in anticipation, bathing in the feeling of her pussy being so accessible, so wide open and so ready to be fucked.

"Mmm," Cindy groans as the fake cock enters her from this new position, pressing against her pussy walls in a different way, while rubbing against her clit. Being taken this way turns Cindy on to the point that she quickly has another climax. Stacy doesn't pause for even a second in her rhythmic thrusting and sends her into a third.

Stacy unbuckles the strap-on and she slides between Cindy's legs, pushing her own pussy toward the other's mouth. They explore each other until they have a final orgasm each, leaving them satisfied, at least for the time being.

Cindy's mouth is full of Stacy's sweet tasting cum from the final orgasm. She swallows it down while reversing her position to lie next to the other woman. Stacy gently strokes the nearest of Cindy's breasts. "I'm glad we finally have taken this to a new level."

"Me too," Cindy says smiling. "I don't want this to ever end."

Stacy nods, smiling back at her. "I love you."

Cindy leans up, kissing her. "I love you more."