 This is an NSFW story. If you are under 18, go away. I started this as an outline for an author I was editing stories. When they rejected the idea for themselves to write, I decided to see where it would take me. 

*****

"Do you want that?" she asked, clearly surprised.

"No, I don't. I mean, this is as far as I know I can go. But..." she stopped me again, with a shake of her head.

————

We, I am Dale, and she is Judy, were sitting on folding canvas chairs camping high above the 119-F heat of Phoenix, AZ, someplace on the rim of the Mogollon Plateau of the Coconino National Forest. 

We had a campfire only to cook a steak and a campfire bean dish for dinner. We did have the makings for 'Smores and a bag of multicolor Large sized marshmallows and a couple of willow tree whips to use as marshmallow burning sticks.

Oh yeah, we were way deep into a 1.75-liter bottle of COSTCO's Irish Cream Liquor(17%alcohol) that we had started with our breakfast coffee. Now that it was late afternoon/early evening, we had just agreed that if we didn't slow down, the COSTCO's would be as empty as the fifth of Jack Daniel's. We had already finished that off earlier in the afternoon after steadily sucking on it since this morning.

We were wearing just bikini bottoms from our earlier dip in a creek. Judy had a Wicked Weasel in blue, I had one in yellow. 

We had finished off the 'Jack' a couple of hours ago. We were now far enough along with the Bailey's that it had been easy to agree to take off our micro-sized tops due to the 'heat'.

We had known each other for 39 years and had no secrets. She was 44, married with grown kids and an uninterested man for a husband. She basically lived alone and had not had a man for over 3 years. She had a routine that included the gym, the yoga studio, the library, the movies a couple of times a week, grocery shopping and housework.

Her daily routine varied, but not much.

I was 44, married with grown kids and an uninterested man for a husband. I basically lived alone and had not had a man for 1,295 nights and days, but who kept track?

I had a routine that included the gym, the yoga studio, the library, the movies a couple of times a week, grocery shopping and housework.

My daily routine varied, but not much.

Over the years our paths had crossed and recrossed. We had conversed. We had coffees. We went to the movies. We went to Yoga, We went to the gym. 

One day we met at the movie, a scary one about rape and a middle-aged streetwalker in San Francisco. We were holding and squeezing hands due to the frightening scenes flashing across the screen. 

When the rape scene passed, I noticed that we were both holding hands, and neither of us let go. I was warmed by our hand-holding during the movie, I am not sure why Judy continued to hold my hand. I was not scared of our holding hands. In fact, I was enjoying the human contact and began to hold her hand with both mine while massaging hers.

Judy brought her other hand over and was rubbing up and down my arm. As the level of terror on the screen went down, we relaxed our grip and I started rubbing her lower arm gently and softly. I loved the way the downy hairs felt like they were standing up, not soft and fluid. Then I realized, I was beginning to recognize the long ago lost feeling in my vagina of the excitement that would often lead to sexual arousal.

The movie ended, and we released our grip and stood to leave. I quickly but with no urgency, found her hand to hold as we departed the theater. 

We entered the lobby and I released her hand, but only after giving it a series of short gentle squeezes. She touched my arm above the elbow and rubbed the side of her breast against the back of my hand. Now I recognized the arousal that I had missed for a long time.

We shared a cart at the market after we left the theater and as a lark, I suggested that we should prepare the contents of the cart together. 

She laughed and pushed the cart along and in a minute she had a plan to go to her house and use the pool-house.

That evening we had fun cooking dinner together, drinking wine, a bottle before dinner, a bottle with dinner, and a bottle of Port for afterward with a chocolate dessert. 

We both were very drunk and had become aroused by our conversation. We had discussed the absence of sex lives with our spouses many times in anger and frustration over the years. On this occasion for some reason, the subject we were talking about was a pair of lesbian couples we both knew through a yoga class.

Judy remarked that she liked to visit them at their house. The two couples shared a four thousand square foot house in Scottsdale. She told me while being very serious and not giggling or joking that she liked to visit there because the sexual tension between the four women was so thick she could always smell pussy when she entered their house. When she would be leaving, she loved thinking about what would happen between the four women as soon as she departed.

That night we went wild, very wild to put it politely. We tongue wrestled, exchanged saliva, and french-kissed while having an appetizer. Then we hugged and kissed setting the table then again over the salad, she started kissing my neck and behind my ears. I shivered when she whispered, "I have never kissed a woman, ever." We finished eating the salad by passing a pine nut back and forth on the tips of our tongues while sharing bites of the last piece of avocado.

When we plated the lamb stew into bowls, we fed each other mint jelly after the first few bites. What began as a kind of sexy joke, turned into lusty, aroused, tongue filled kisses along with lots of oral, finger, and lip playing. We wound up without the food fight, but we were both pretty well looking like a baby who had their first birthday cake from our sharing bits and bites mouth to mouth. We didn't finish dinner because we were feeding each other, not ourselves. As our fingers were intimately in each other's mouths we would suck them and clean them as they were withdrawn. 

Our lust rose. We stopped what was becoming an obvious pretense of feeding each other and began touching each other in a full-contact body hug, which placed my breasts flat against her chest and her breasts against my stomach. 

A Tony Bennett channel played softly in the background so we began to dance. Judy mewed when I grasped the cheeks of her butt to hold her against me as we ground our mounds against each other in a small circular motion. Judy had matched my grip and seemed to like me initiating each next step as we began to make love to each other.

The feeling that had started as an arousal at the movie just four hours earlier, was now a roaring fire in my pussy and in my heart. 

Judy broke our swaying to the music, guided me to an upholstered armchair where I sat after she pulled up the handkerchief hem of my dress so that I was sitting with my thong against the lush, coarse fabric of her chair.

She kneeled on the soft carpet in front of me. Staring into my eyes which were locked on hers, she slid her hands smoothly up my inner thighs under my dress. Her fingers slipped under and into the leg openings of my thong and began to sluice my arousal wetness up and down the crevice of my vagina from the top to the bottom. She pulled down on the thong, and removed it from my hips, placed the crotch in her mouth and inserted a finger up my vagina.

She lifted my right upper leg and laid it across the top of the armrest of the chair. She kissed my right leg right up to and across my vagina.

Again with her wet lips and mouth she kissed and nibbled up my leg and across my now bare, wet pussy. 

I had a narrow strip of dark brown hair above my vaginal crease. She seemed fascinated and shook herself when she realized she was staring at my vagina from about 8 inches away. 

The way Judy had my legs spread over the arms, I could feel her rubbing with her hand the wet fabric of my thong's gusset into the entrance of my vagina and further between my ass cheeks and labia before she handed it to me.

Her hands were caressing the back of my knees, she moved them soothingly down the inside of each leg then touched my bare clit with her fingers and tongue. I jerked in spastic reaction. She was humming as she licked and nuzzled my pussy and kissed me softly on my vagina's lips and my clit. 

She removed her own dress, revealing her unencumbered breasts to my eyes. Her breasts were gorgeous even though showing their age and the toll of nursing on their youthful beauty. I was looking at a matching pair of D-Cups which had sagged about 4 inches placing the bottom of her breasts just above her diamond pierced belly button. Her areoles were tanned, pink, and small to support her very long and hard looking nipples that were even tanned a darker pink. Her nipples were facing straight forward and were in the perfect position for the saggy shape of her breasts.

Down from her breasts and belly button was a tanned flat stomach until the top of her sex began to open into a folded slit to show her clit, labia, and shiny natural wetness. There was no hair, and her shape was puffy and engorged with dark pink color lips folded out and below her rounded mound.

She reached up to my waist and slipped my dress over my head, then unfastened my brassiere which she slipped down and kissed her way to my nipples as she teased herself by slowly revealing my tits. She although on her knees leaned back and faked taking a picture of me and making a 'Click!' sound like a shutter had released.

I wasn't surprised by her physique as we had been to yoga classes together for years. For those years we wore age-appropriate conservative attire for yoga. Then younger women upped the game and openly began to flirt with each other in class. We joined in the fashion upgrade just to fit in, and then took it to an even higher level when the sheer fabric yoga pants came out. When we agreed to start wearing the transparent leggings, the younger women began to notice us. They had even hit on us a time or two.

I was particularly fascinated when I wore the white yoga pants, the women watched me almost all of the class. One finally told me they had a betting pool on how long I would take to shave my pubes.

Three things happened. First, the women began to include us on social occasions. Second, the other women began to lust for us. Third, the class enrollment increased by 15 women.

We were both deeply affected by this open display of desire for 'sex with a woman' from all of these beautiful younger women. We were both 'hot' for each other. We were both surprised at how perfect it seemed to be close to and touching another woman's vagina. 

My husband did not even notice the first time I went grocery shopping and I never made it home until the following afternoon. Her husband did not even know we were at her bathhouse overnight. Judy knew that we wouldn't be detected if we holed up in Judy's bathhouse because her husband had not been in the backyard in over two years. 

She knew we could be undisturbed. We planned the meal, the swim, the hot tub, the reciprocal massages, the wine, and the after-dinner movie.

Having sex with Judy was certainly a remote thought for me, and certainly not planned. I parked my car in her garage, and she parked in the driveway. He never saw my car.

So, right now we are having a 'shot' (a plastic red beer cup full) of Bailey's-on-the-rocks, sitting at an isolated camping spot, staring into a campfire, topless, drunk, stoned, and horny. Angry! 

Confused about what we have discovered about ourselves, we are unsure of each other with our new individual identities. We are unsure if we have a couples identity. Judy had always been the classic voluptuous wife of the successful and arrogant big time successful film editor. 

I was the dutiful cheesecake for my husband's business dinners and meetings for the first 20 years. After that, he seemed to use a variety of 'staff' for his co-hosting. He seemed to think I didn't care. I didn't at first, then I realized I had been usurped by 'staff' and I wasn't even acknowledged for days at a time.

I had hired a private dick and gotten exactly what I expected, a set of pictures and documents that confirmed the use of other women for his business entertaining and sex.

I was definitely hurt and my ego took a big hit, but I decided at the same time that my husband was a male slob, and I really had grown to not trust him at all. I bought a black dildo and left it laying around the bed and bedroom. He never acknowledged that he had seen it, even when he had to move it to go to bed.

Judy was all set to send her husband to jail for felony racketeering, however, her attorney told her that she would be an accomplice and may have to do probation or even possible jail time. The secret she kept for him was that he edited pornography. He edited about 180 hours of finished fuck film every day. With the onset of ever faster editing techniques, he was about to sell-out for more than 25 million US dollars. 

She had a share of his work income, as she financed him into the studio he had installed adjacent to the master bedroom. They now understood each other enough that he didn't ever ask her about her day, because then she could ask him a few questions that he didn't want to answer. 

She already knew the answers, since she had a surveillance system set up amidst the film editing renovation. Judy had all the evidence against him she could ever possibly need. She expected him would offer her a lot of money to disappear, and she was just waiting. She knew he would have to pay her what she wanted or go to jail, and she had never been known to be cheap. 

Judy had plans and it was now, in the early phase of those plans, that her oldest friend, her longest known person on earth was leading this conversation and weekend. (It was actually a Tuesday.)

Judy quit work at 40 and found retirement to be great, especially at 44 years old she still has her figure, no wrinkles yet has excellent health and a bright outlook on life.

Then out of Judy's mouth comes: "Do you want that?" she asked, clearly surprised at herself. A long silent pause, then, "No. I don't. I mean, this is as far as I know I can go. But..." Judy stopped again, with a shake of her head.

————

"No," Judy then answered her own question. 

Did she just retract, deny, or question the question, "Do you want that?"

I think the reality was at that time of our lives, we each had endured life's disappointments and marriage's twists and discoveries for too long to keep the same man who had helped make this such a mess. 

Judy and I had been completely ignored about retirement plans and retirement financing, etc. She and I hadn't fixed a dinner or fixed a drink, even exchanged a gift or taken a vacation, gone to dinner or seen 'him' naked for so long that she and I both actually had pain when we thought about intimacy. We were both thinking and feeling the same things. 

I know that when Judy questioned, "Do you want that?" I felt threatened, elated, excited, happy, fearful, scared, unsure, confused, questioning, optimistic, eager and curious just for starters. Then there was the guilt.

Was she talking about her, me, us, her husband, her marriage, her life up until today, a lesbian affair, a lesbian life? Was she admitting to being a lesbian, or the doubt about being straight or lesbian, sex with a man, sex with me, no sex, unhappiness, ridicule, embarrassment, gossip, her sexual desires? 

"No, I don't." She had declared, 'It' was not what she wanted? Or, had she actually expressed a double negative and was saying, "Yes?"

By reading her body language as she uttered the next sentence, I still didn't know.

She said, "No. I don't. I mean, this is as far as I know I can go."

So. Is Judy at the limit of what she can tolerate or allow? Has she decided? Decided what? What was her limit? Her dilemma? What was she talking about? To which subject was she referring?

Do we continue, as a secret, to fuck each other? Do we declare ourselves while we continue to openly live in both of our houses? Do we blackmail our husbands about the "Shame and Scandal" and keep a low profile with our husbands knowing? Do we say fuck it and just start living together regardless of what anyone says or does? Do we stop and go back to our prior lives? Was this just a 'lonesome housewife' affair, and nothing serious enough to change our lives? Was our relationship just two submissive women waiting for each other to make some decisive changes in our lives? 

Did either one of us have doubts worthy of caution if we are found out?

Is there one answer?

Oh, Wait! There's more.

"No. I don't. I mean, this is as far as I know I can go. But..." Judy mumbles.

"But...?" 

Does the 'But' mean she is going to Reconsider? Take exception to? Was she confirming a decision not to continue her life as it is; married and all that comes with that? Was she saying she wouldn't want a life with me? Was she saying she seemed to be a lesbian and didn't want to be? Was she saying she was going to come out as a lesbian and would take no prisoners about it?

What was she saying?

And then it hit me!

Judy was speaking for herself, and I was not speaking for myself. I was expecting her to be in charge. She was not taking charge of anything. She was stymied in confusion and seemed stumped. She had somehow managed to be questioning the very pattern she had been living all those years of her life when she was "'Lookin' Good," and "Keeping up with the rat race."

`````

I spoke up, raised my half-empty red cup in a universal toasting gesture then said, "Hey woman, get your beautiful tits over here. Get that wonderful liquid of truth and facts up to that sweet soft mouth I so want to kiss again. That is what I want, and Judy this is as far as I can go without you knowing that I am head over heels in love with you." 

"Do you want that?" she asked me, clearly surprised.

I replied, "No, I don't. I mean, this is as far as I know I can go. But... I do want you and me to both collect what we are entitled to for the past however many years, and then release the bums. We will have each other, our rightfully earned assets, and our divorcée lives which will allow us to discover how far we can go." 

I continued, "We will be able to see if this is real adult love and caring or just us fucking, sucking, and a lust for sex. I know I want to take the chance. Who knows? We may wind up at 85 years of age just two old worn out, wrinkled-pussy women who decide to be celibate lesbians." 

"No, I don't want the ugliness of a divorce or to admit that I am in love with a pussy, not a cock. I just cannot wait for any longer. I want to suckle your breasts just before I fall asleep at night. I want to feel your fingers massaging me. I want to lick my fingers after inserting them into your vagina. As I am eating my toast in the morning I want to smell your vagina on my fingers."

"I want to kiss you, right now."

I yell at her, "Get over here woman before I force you to bare your pussy to me and masturbate here in front of me and the fire."

Judy just sits kind of dumbfounded, or in shock, or disbelief, or in some zoned out kind of frozen focus, as though her mind was on the flames. 

All of a sudden she looked up at me with crystal clear eyes and a tender look on her face. Then she smiled the most beautiful smile. It was like seeing a little girl receive a new doll. She was all tender and caring which was a flip from her outcry mere seconds ago.

She stands, slowly untying her bikini bottom, saying, "I miss having someone lovingly tell me what to do. When you just now told me what to do, Dale everything fell into place in my mind. You became the person I have been looking for." 
