 When I entered high school, our gym teacher, Miss Preston, made sure that all of us showered after each gym session. And she would stand in the shower area and watch all of us showering while she idly twirled her short blonde hair in her fingers. None of us at the time thought anything of her watching us. We were too busy watching each other. As for myself, I was fascinated by all of the beautiful bodies. I just wanted to suck on every girl's cunt and tits there. 

I took gym for my entire four years in high school. It wasn't a requirement, but it was strongly suggested. 

My gym class was at the end of the day, and this particular class was so scheduled for the senior girls, most of whom were eighteen, myself included.

Because it was at the end of the day, I never hurried to finish my showers, and Miss Preston never rushed me. Our dressing area was located across from a very large mirror, and I often would pose in front of it nude and rub my tits. If no one else was there, and if Miss Preston was not around, I would sometimes finger-fuck myself.

One afternoon, when the other girls had left, I had just stepped out of the shower and was toweling myself dry. I was terribly horny that day, and I began to finger-fuck myself in front of the big mirror. I got carried away and jammed two fingers of my left hand into my cunt while I diddled my clit with the fingers of my right hand. I was really getting off, and the image of my enjoyment in the mirror brought me to a crashing orgasm. I moaned long and loudly. 

At that time Miss Preston came out of her office and called me in. She was dressed in a terry-cloth robe. I had hoped she hadn't seen me doing myself. I told her I would after I got dressed, but she smiled and said, "You're fine. Come on in. We're just us girls."

When I entered, she was sitting in a large, long sofa which was located against the opposite wall from her desk. Miss Preston was young, and she was beautiful. All of the girls loved her. She was fair, polite, and easy-going. We could talk with her, and she never talked down to us.

She motioned me to sit next to her. As I did, I looked up and gasped audibly. I was looking out of a large window into the dressing area! I was horrified.

I started to protest. "Miss Preston, oh, my god, I . . ."

She put her arm around my shoulders to hug me. "Relax, honey, I use that to watch you girls in case something happens. It's just a safety measure. We don't use it to spy on you." She squeezed my shoulder tenderly. Then she removed her robe and revealed her nakedness. "May I hug you?" she asked.

I was nervous and not sure how to respond to her request. After all, she was my teacher! But I did like her very much.

"Yes, I . . . um . . . guess so," I replied diffidently.

We hugged each other tightly, and I was intoxicated by her fragrance.

"You smell nice," was all I could mutter. Keep in mind, I was stark naked, and my nipples started to harden.

"You smell sweet, too," she whispered into my ear. Her warm breath in my ear was giving me shivers.

"I just happened to see you getting yourself off, and you got me hot. May I make love to you?"

Without responding I snuggled to her closer. As I did, my left hand landed on her right tit. I held it there motionless.

She reached over to me and kissed me on the lips. I opened my mouth on the kiss, and she darted her tongue into my mouth. We remained in that kiss for several minutes, and I began massaging her tit with my hand. She moved one of her hands into my crotch, so I moved my legs apart. She played with my outer lips before she inserted her middle finger into my pussy. When it was all the way in, I became uncontrollable. I humped her hand and sucked hard on her tongue. My orgasm came on me hard, and I gasped audibly.

Then to my dismay, Miss Preston stopped. She cradled my head in her arms and whispered, "Oh, Gloria, I love you. I love you so very much. I have wanted to make love with you for so long." I sucked on her breasts for quite some time, but I wanted to get on to greater things. I put my hand on her hairless cunt. I wanted to examine her thoroughly. But I was startled by her lack of hair and asked her why she didn't have any. My own pussy hair was sparse, and I thought Nature had cheated me out of what should rightfully be mine: a thick bush between my legs.

She said, "I use a depilatory cream. Our cunts are so pretty; it's a shame that they are hidden by a mass of hair. And, honey, you have a beautiful cunt, and that's why I invited you into my office. I want to eat your cunt forever."

But I was ahead of her. I began pulling her lips apart, and she shifted her position so I could get my tongue in there to hit the magic button. Her smell was strong and it was making me hotter. 

Miss Preston stopped and said, "Let me lower the back of this couch. It's actually a bed."

She got on her back and said, "Let's get in a sixty-nine." 

I needed no further instructions. I was on top of her in a flash! As soon as my pussy was near her mouth, her tongue and lips went to work. I was overwhelmed with passion. I lay on top of her and remained motionless while she snaked her tongue into my hole. Then she began to work my love button. She wasn't on my clit for more than a few seconds before I had another shattering orgasm. I had momentarily forgotten about my occasional penchant for peeing after orgasm. I cried out, "Miss Preston, I've gotta pee bad—real bad!" That's when I felt her entire mouth on my cunt, and I took that as the signal to let fly. My pee came in torrents, and Miss Preston drank every drop. 

When she pulled her head away, she said, "God, I love the smell and taste of young cunt, but yours is the best I've ever had. And your pee is delicious!" 

That was when I pried her cunt lips apart and began my work. Her smell was intoxicating, and I worked my tongue randomly inside her entire pussy. While I was doing her, I could feel her leisurely moving her tongue around my asshole. I was in heaven! I began to concentrate on her clit, and I sucked it hard while I filled her cunt with as many fingers as I could get in there. She was flooding my hand and fingers with her wetness. 

She gasped, "Put your entire hand in me! Please!" 

I did as I was told, and soon she humped my hand and face. Her entire body stiffened, and she came in an explosive orgasm; then her entire body lay motionless. She was breathing hard. I pulled my hand out of her, and she asked, "Will you drink my pee?" Without answering, I put my mouth on her cunt, and she peed a steady stream into my mouth.

We set the sofa back up, and we sat together nude. She told me that she had always been a lesbian and that she loved having sex with young girls. She told me that the peeing added a new dimension to sex and that she had never thought of it before. We sat together, wrapped in each other's arms; we hugged and kissed most of the afternoon away.

From then on, we would meet and have sex after school every day. She was always so loving and attentive to me and to my needs. In turn I was always loving and attentive to her and her needs.

About halfway through the year I was getting a crush on a girl who sat next to me in my English class. She and I also had gym together that same period. Amanda and I developed a friendship, and we always enjoyed being with each other. I told Miss Preston about my desires for Amanda, and she told me to delay her departure from gym class and that she would watch us through her window. 

Amanda and I were finally alone, and we were both nude, drying ourselves off. I asked Amanda to dry my back for me, and she gently rubbed her towel on my back. As she did so, she put her hand on my hip. 

"Your skin is so soft," she whispered. Then she moved her hand on my belly and moved it up and down, finally bringing it to rest on one of my breasts. I could feel her trembling. 

I said to her, "Don't be afraid; I've been waiting for you to make the first move." I turned around and put my arms around her and kissed her on the lips. Her mouth parted, and I slipped my tongue inside. I brought my hands down her back slowly and then rested them on her butt cheeks and gently squeezed. Our tits were rubbing against each other. She brought one of her hands down and began to finger the inner folds of my pussy. I was delirious with pleasure! I ran my fingers along the crack of her ass and began fingering her anus. 'Kiss me there; oh, please, kiss me there! Before I could get down to her ass, she began to pee! 

"Oh, my god! I did it again! Oh, I'm so sorry!" Then she began to cry.

I led her back into the shower and rinsed her off. When we came out, she had regained her composure. I noticed the office door was opened, so we walked in. Miss Preston must have stepped out, leaving the obvious hint that we could use her office for love-making. We were still wet, so I toweled her off, concentrating on her pussy. She sat down on the couch, and I kneeled down on the floor in front of her. "Spread your legs," I commanded. She did as she was told, and I leaned over and began to tongue her pussy. 

I got to her clit, and she moaned, stiffened, and exclaimed, "Oh my god, I'm coming!"

I got up and sat next to her, and she lay her head in my lap, facing my belly. When she regained her senses, she told me that she had always wanted to have sex, but only with girls; yet every time the opportunity presented itself, she would tremble in fright and would begin to pee. For that she was met with hostility and anger from her potential partners. 

At that moment I happened to look up, and I saw Miss Preston, nude, looking at us. She winked at me, motioned for me to be quiet, and quietly moved over to the sofa. Then she softly moved her hand on Amanda's breasts. 

"Oh, Gloria, your hands feel so smooth on me." Then she paused, opened her eyes, and looked up right into Miss Preston's face. "Oh! Miss Preston! Oh, my god!" She sat upright, a shocked look on her face. "Miss Preston, I'm so sorry!" 

"For what, sweetheart?" she answered.

Then Amanda realized that Miss Preston was also nude. Amanda looked her over, up and down. "You are so beautiful, Miss Preston." 

"And so are you, Amanda, and Gloria thinks so, too. May I make love to you, Amanda?"

Miss Preston pulled out the sofa and made it back into a bed. She got in the middle and told us to love every inch of her. Amanda wasted no time. She pulled Miss Preston's legs apart and began an aggressive oral attack on her hairless pussy. I worked on Miss Preston's nipples in the meantime, occasionally stopping to kiss her on the mouth. I could sense that she was having an orgasm when she stiffened and began rapid, short breaths and let out a long, deep moan.

At the same time Amanda stopped and looked at me. "Gloria, I'm gonna pee again!" 

I said, "Hold on; I'll get to you!" I surprised her when I glued my lips to her pussy. She was in a kneeling position, and I had complete control. Her pee came in strength, but I drank all of it. 

She got off the bed and stood there, looking at me in complete awe. "You did that for me?" 

I said, "Yes, because I love you, honey. I loved you from the moment you sat next to me in English class." 

She replied, "Oh, Gloria, I love you, too. So very much." 

We continued our friendship and our loving for the rest of the school year. When the school year ended, Amanda moved away. Miss Preston also left, getting a higher-paying teaching job in another state; but I was graduating anyway, so it didn't matter. But as we were making love for the last time, I realized how much I would miss her.