 (Special thanks to Lisa Teez, whose feedback on the story 'Shameless' inspired this sequel.) 

*

"DeeDee!"

"Hanna! Hugs!" With a squeal of excitement, the two women embraced, kissed each other quickly on the cheek, and pulled away. "Oh. My. God. Hanna, you look...whatever you've been taking, I want a prescription!"

Hanna was already turning to the brunette woman who walked in with DeeDee. "Liza!" she shouted. "Oh, it has been too long." The two of them hugged. "And I do not know what you're talking about, Dees. You still look as gorgeous as ever, and you cannot deny it."

DeeDee rolled her eyes. "I don't feel as gorgeous as ever. I feel old. I'm an old woman already, at the tender age of thirty-four. I have three gray hairs hidden under the henna. Any day now I expect my friends to tell me they're putting me in a home."

Liza smacked her on the shoulder. "Oh, hush! God, I wish my boobs looked that good--LUCY!" She waved at another woman, a petite blonde, who was walking in from the sitting room. "Oh, it has been too long!" She looked back over at Hanna, who was already grabbing DeeDee's coat. "This was such a good idea, Hanna. We haven't seen each other in...five years?"

Hanna slung the coats over her arm. "Six years since I've seen Lucy, but some people keep in touch more than others." She lowered her voice and leaned in at the small group. "Bobbi and Barbi still share an apartment, you know."

Lucy wiggled her eyebrows. "Probably not all they share. You know those two are such total dykes for each other, ever since..." They all shared a look, and everyone but Hanna blushed.

DeeDee huffed. "At least somebody's getting some. I broke up with my boyfriend three months ago, so I haven't gotten good sex in..." she made a show of counting on her fingers. "Three years." Everybody giggled.

Liza rolled her eyes. "You want to talk about lack of sex, honey. Try getting married. Honestly, I thought I was going to have to fend my husband off with a stick, and what do I get? 'Not tonight, honey, I have a headache.' I'm like, 'That's MY line!'"

The doorbell rang. Hanna opened it as the other three women turned to see who the new arrival was. "MUFFY!" they all shouted in unison.

The woman at the door with the big glasses and the mousy brown hair blushed furiously. "Elise, y'all!" She walked in and pulled her coat off. "I don't know how many times I gotta tell you, I haven't been 'Muffy' in years! Not since...college."

Everyone shared a look. Everyone except Hanna blushed.

*****

Becky walked in, carrying an astonishingly large tray of jello shots in a variety of colors. "Alright, pledges," she said, looking at the slightly nervous quartet of girls. "Tonight's challenge is Truth...or Dare!" She grinned wickedly. "Or Drink!"

Bertha shifted position a little nervously. "I'm, um...I'm not a big drinker."

Suzi giggled. "Better hope you've got a gutsy crowd, then!" She grabbed a jello shot and set it down in front of her.

Becky handed jello shots to the other girls. "Madame Secretary, if you could explain the rules to our baby freshmen?"

Suzi stood up. "Of course, Madame President. Hanna, Muffy, Lucy, You--" Bertha blushed. She'd already been told that nobody named 'Bertha' ever made it into Kappa Delta Tau, and she had until the end of hazing to find a nickname or wash out. "You four girls are all familiar with Truth or Dare, right?"

Lucy looked up. "Y--"

"WRONG! Here's how the Kappas play Truth or Dare...or Drink. You each have a jello shot in front of you. So do the six of us. We're going to take turns asking you a question, and you have to answer it truthfully. If you don't want to answer the question, you can instead take a dare. And if you won't answer the question, and you won't take the dare...we all have to do a shot." Suzi grinned at Muffy. "And since I know some of you can't handle your liquor, we'll get the truth out of you soon enough. Or the dares. Or both." She sat back down. "Any questions?"

Muffy raised her hand. "Speak, pledge," Liza said.

"When will we be finished, ma'am?" Muffy said, trying to keep from shooting a 'I can't believe you got me into this' look at Suzi. They were neighbors back home and only a year apart in high school, and Muffy had figured it was a sign of friendship when Suzi had suggested she pledge. She hadn't thought about what hazing would be like. No-one can hurt you like a friend, Muffy thought. She even told them about my nickname.

Bobbi and Barbi looked at each other, then at the pledges. "When we say so," they said in unison.

"And with that," Becky said, "let's begin! Since you asked the question, Muffy, now you get to answer one. Truth or Dare: Why do they call you 'Muffy'?"

Muffy blushed furiously. "Dare."

Becky grinned like a wolf in a henhouse. "Show Hanna why they call you 'Muffy'."

"....drink?"

The first round of jello shots went down.

*****

Pinky had another sip of wine. "I still don't know why it bothers her so much," she said. "Personally, I always liked 'Pinky'. Then again, I never liked 'Bertha' to begin with. Women shouldn't be named 'Bertha', it always gives the impression that you have beefy arms and only one eyebrow."

Hanna giggled over her own wine. "How many people ask you what it means?"

Pinky looked down at her bubble-gum pink dress. "Not as many as you'd think." The two of them broke out in further laughter, which attracted attention from the scattered pockets of conversation around the room. "If they say anything, I either talk about liking the cartoon, or suggest it's down to my color scheme."

"So you don't tell anyone about..."

Pinky blushed, just a little. "I mentioned it to my last boyfriend. I think it weirded him out a little. Then again, he did want me to dress him up like a French maid and spank him, so 'weird' is a relative thing." She sighed. "I have a gift for picking losers, Hanna. Either they're so vanilla that they think missionary style is for perverts, or they've got a fetish 'Savage Love' hasn't even heard of yet. I'd just like to meet one nice guy...who likes to do it in elevators." She drank a little more wine. "So how about you? Nice house, body perfect enough to make the rest of us seethe with quiet envy...aren't you going to join the pity party even a little? Dish. Tell me what you're doing nowadays, whether you've got a man stashed somewhere, how you can afford this place!"

Hanna smiled mysteriously. "I run a little...Internet business with my M...ain squeeze." She looked around at the others, all knotted up in discussion. "You wouldn't want to come upstairs and see it, would you?"

*****

Lucy looked straight down at her own feet, blushing beet red. "Seven or eight times a week," she said in a tiny voice, the blush spreading up her head so the rest of the girls could see it through her pageboy haircut. "Usually just before I go to sleep, but sometimes I do it in a restroom between classes."

DeeDee's eyes widened. "You PERV! I hope you keep quiet...are you a screamer?"

Liza elbowed DeeDee in the ribs. "Ah! You can ask that next time, Dees. She answered her question fair and square, and now it's someone else's turn. Specifically...Muffy!"

Bertha groaned, which just made the other girls laugh harder. This would be Muffy's fourth time up, and every time, one of the girls had asked the same question and given the same dare. All three times, she'd picked 'Drink'.

Suzi leaned in close to Muffy. "Honey, you and I both know that after another couple of shots, you'll be demonstrating it to everyone whether we dare you to or not. So you might as well answer now. Truth or Dare: Why. Do. They. Call. You." She reached out a finger and gently brushed it against the crotch of Muffy's jeans. "'Muffy'...?"

"I..." Bertha gave her a pleading look. "Oh, alright!" she said. "I was sixteen, and I was at this slumber party with a bunch of girls. And we, um..." she looked over at the jello shots, many of which were now gone. "We got ahold of some liquor. The girl's parents were out of town, and so we all got, y'know..."

"Drunk?" Bobbi and Barbi said in unison.

"Yeah. And I was sixteen, and I was more than a little drunk--and I wasn't the only one--and about half of us had gone to sleep, and most of the others were playing some card game, and then I noticed that one of the older girls who had gone to sleep...hadn't." Muffy squirmed a little in her seat. "She was pretending to sleep, but she was really...touching herself."

Becky squealed with giggles. "Like Lucy!"

Lucy's blush seemed to actually radiate outward from her body at that, but Muffy kept going. "And she noticed that I noticed. But she didn't stop. She just kept, you know, going. Even harder. And I couldn't stop watching. She was just...wow. I kinda edged closer, because I didn't want anyone seeing me...seeing her. And then this girl, she looked over at me, and she said, 'Help me.'

"And like I said, I was drunk...drunker than I am now, and probably drunker than I ever was. And I just thought, 'Why the hell not?' So I just leaned on over, and...had a taste."

The girls all squealed. Suzi squealed the loudest, but Muffy saw the crazy light in her eyes. Suzi didn't just want them to know, Muffy knew that all along. She wanted Muffy to tell them. "Tell them what happened next," Suzi shouted over the din.

Muffy gulped. "Turned out she was a screamer." The girls all roared with laughter. Even Lucy went along with it. "Everyone saw us, and I was 'Muffy' for the rest of the time I was in high school." A salacious grin stole over her face. "Is that why you wanted me as a Kappa Delt, Suz? Wanted to see if it felt as good as it looked?"

Bobbi shouted, "We'll ask the questions around here, pledges!" It somehow sounded odd not to hear her in stereo. "Next up, Hanna! Truth or Dare: What do you fantasize about when you masturbate?"

Hanna just smiled. The other girls already knew she wasn't going to wash out--nothing seemed to shock her. But they were at least hoping for some good entertainment out of her.

"Dare," she said.

*****

Hanna led Suzi into the small office, and sat her down at the computer. "So what's this 'Internet business' you were showing Pinky a little bit ago? She came down looking like a zombie. You haven't been showing her your homemade pornos, have you?"

Hanna smiled. She could have given the Mona Lisa lessons. "Actually," she said, leaning over Suzi's shoulders and clicking on a link, "yes."

A logo came up on the screen. 'TranceBabes', it said. Beneath it, a banner read, 'The ultimate in REAL hypnokink videos.' A brief loop of video played, of a man dangling a pocketwatch in front of...in front of...Suzi looked up at Hanna, then back at the screen. "No way," she breathed out.

"Yes way!" Hanna said, her enigmatic smile curling up into something a bit more sinister. "Alec and I have made an absolute fortune with this site."

Suzi looked at the girl in the clip again. It was Hanna, alright, and although her honey-blonde hair covered her breasts, it was pretty clear that she wasn't wearing a stitch of clothing. She looked back up at Hanna, absolutely lost for words.

"I know, it's pretty kinky, isn't it? But you would be amazed at how hot it is, doing this shit. I mean, I cum my brains out when we're shooting these, and Alec, well, he gets so hot and bothered behind the camera that he can't keep his hands off me for days after we're finished with a shoot. The money's great, but between you and me?" She whispered breathily in Suzi's ear, "I'd do this for free."

Suzi just looked at the looping clip of video. She felt oddly detached, like the world that made sense when she walked up those stairs had just fallen away. "I..."

"Here," Hanna said, grabbing Suzi's hand and pressing it to the mouse. "Watch just one, you'll see what I mean."

*****

Hanna gave a soft liquid sigh, and spread her legs a little bit further. Her ankles didn't spread quite as far as her knees, because that was where her panties had wound up, but the important parts of her had spread far enough. She felt a second finger slip into her pussy and gasped.

Muffy's pants were still on, but somewhere along the way the buttons had come undone on her blouse, and she couldn't quite think with that hand teasing her nipple. It was totally unfair, she thought. She'd been resisting all those dares to seduce Hanna, and what had Hanna done when she was dared to seduce Muffy? She'd only gone and done it, that's what. Worse, she was good at it.

"You! Put your eyes back in your head and get ready for your question!" Becky snapped at Bertha. "Truth or Dare: Is this turning you on?"

"...dare."

Becky smiled indulgently. "Alright...since we can all tell this is getting you hot, why don't you just diddle your pussy a little while you watch our two little lesbos? You don't even have to take your clothes off if you don't want to. Just stick your hand down your panties and get happy."

Bertha looked over at the jello shots for a long moment, but finally she slid her skirt up until it bunched around her hips and began to gently rub her pussy. There was a long moment of silence, broken only by the wet sounds of Hanna and Muffy kissing and Bertha's insistent breathing.

DeeDee broke it. "Oh, my, GOD! You totally didn't even wear panties! You came here hoping for some pervy dyke action! God, what a little slut!"

Bertha didn't respond. She just shuddered.

Liza wasn't even sure if it was her turn, but since both Bobbi and Barbi couldn't look away from the three girls, she decided to go ahead. "Lucy, Truth or Dare: Do you want to join in with your fellow pledges?"

Lucy slipped her shirt over her head. Her whole body was crimson now, but nobody could be sure if it was embarrassment or lust. "Yes," she said, kicking her shoes off.

Liza smiled cruelly. "Too bad," she said. "That was Truth, so no Dare for you. Maybe next round."

*****

"...i...really...shouldn't..."

"Oh, go on, Becky. Just watch another one. I'm telling you, even our members don't get to see all the videos on the site. You're getting some serious access privileges, here."

Becky shook her head numbly. "...I, um..." she looked at the screen to see the mouse pointer moving of its own accord... "I only came up, to find...to find Bobbi and Barbi..."

Hanna grinned as she watched Becky's arm move the mouse absently towards another clip. "Oh, they're up here somewhere," she said. "They headed off to the bedroom after they got done talking to me." From a couple of rooms away, she heard a faint moan and the sound of two entangled bodies hitting the floor. "Yep. Definitely the bedroom."

"...but...but i was...talking to them...earlier..." Becky clicked on the link without even recognizing that her own hand was doing it. "...they said, relationship problems...lesbian...bed...death..."

"What can I say?" Hanna said. "It's a miracle. Now just watch." On the screen, Alec brought out a crystal dangling from a leather cord, and held it before Hanna's video image.

"...yes...i must...watch the crystal," Becky mouthed along with the woman on the screen. "...so...hypnotic..." She felt her hand drift down to her pussy. But she also felt her hand rubbing her nipples...and her hand was still on the mouse, too...confused, she simply concentrated more on the sparkling stone and the pleasure coursing through her body...

Hanna gently pinched Becky's nipples in time with the motion of the crystal.

*****

"oh, god, oh, god, ofuckinggodyes!" Liza slumped forward, gasping for air. Beneath her, Bertha continued to lick. "Oh...oh, enough. Enough." She looked down at the freshman pledge. "God, I think I blew a quart on your face...that was fucking amazing. Did you..." she panted for a moment. "Did you stick something up my ass, pledge?"

Bertha smiled shyly. "Pinky finger. You come harder with a little anal stimulation, and a lot of girls don't like something bigger, so--"

Becky growled, "Hey! Why don't you put that tongue to better use, 'Pinky'? I'm feeling decidedly underfucked, here." Liza climbed off, allowing Becky to straddle Bertha's face. "Mmm...what do you...ohhhh...what do you think, Liza? ooh, that's nice...think we can afford to let Pinky here in?"

Liza slumped to the floor. "Make sure she uses it on you," she said. "Oh, that really...that really hit the spot."

Behind her, Bobbi and Barbi were locked in a 69. They were the only two who hadn't changed partners at all over the course of the night--only positions. Right now, DeeDee was sliding three fingers out of Lucy's tiny cunt, and revealing what Truth or Dare hadn't--she wasn't a screamer. She just panted quietly, and gave out the tiniest little squeak when she came. "Oh, that's so cute," DeeDee said. "I want to hear another one."

Hanna just lay back on the couch, her eyes glazed with pleasure as Muffy licked away at her pussy. "...i..." she tried to speak, to say something, but coherent thought vanished as she came again. Muffy moaned loudly into her pussy, and the vibrations alone were just...heavenly.

"That's right," Suzi said, pumping a strap-on into Muffy's cunt. "Oh, yes, you knew it all along, didn't you? Knew I wanted this, ever since that night I saw you at the slumber party, knew you deserved this, oh, look at you, your face all buried in that sweet little pussy...we know all your secrets now, don't we, Muffy, know what you really want, to be a hot little pussylicker, dye your hair all blonde to look like a good little bimbo, but we know..." she reached around and trailed her fingers across Muffy's pussy, "You're not even a real blonde, are you?"

Muffy came hard.

*****

Lucy struggled in the chair, but two pairs of hands held her arms, and two more held her legs. "...i...i can fight..."

"Oh, no, Lucy," Hanna said, moving the mouse to another clip. "These are the special videos. Alec made them just for girls like us. You can't fight them. You don't want to fight them. You're going to be Alec's slave, just like me. Just like them. The videos will enslave you to Alec's will." She reached over and stroked Lucy's cheek. "It feels too good to fight them. Soon you'll do his bidding, you'll be his sex slave, his slut toy, his little bitch, just like he commanded me to make you. He wants me to recruit you all to serve his will, and I must obey."

Lucy gasped out, "...must obey..." Muffy--Elise--Muffy's tongue felt so good between her thighs, like she'd never lost that skill that had made college such a haze of pleasure, that had finally gotten Lucy out of the habit of blushing, but she was red again now, her body felt so alive with pleasure that the blood rushed to her skin to help her feel it, and now Alec was showing her a spiral, and it felt so good just to drift into the spiral, so good just to feel the pleasure between her legs and the pleasure in her mind and the pleasure on her hot little nips as Hanna stood behind the chair and rubbed at them. It all felt so good.

"That's right," Hanna said, watching Lucy's reflection in the monitor screen as the girl's eyes went blank and vacant. "Feels so good."

"...so good..."

"Can't fight it."

"...can't fight it..."

"Want to obey."

"...want to obey..."

"Need to obey."

"...need to obey..."

"Obedience is pleasure."

"...obedience is pleasure..."

"Cum."

Lucy shuddered, gasped, and then gave out just the tiniest little squeak. She continued to writhe in the chair, but she was no longer struggling to escape.

*****

Hanna felt the hands on her nipples now, the tongue in her cunt, the warm rush of pleasure all over her body. It felt like an eternity passed, like she was just living in the moment, in that perfect moment of orgy and orgasm as she came...and came...and came...and came...

"...and wake."

She opened her eyes to see Alec looking down at her. "Thank You, Master."
