 We cannot alter what happened in the past, but it was New Year 2000 and I was thinking of this New Year as a fresh start. For some reason whilst I was making coffee and toast for my breakfast, I was thinking about where I was five years ago, it was when I shared flat with one other girl in Southampton over looking the Solent. If I could go back in time, I knew who I would want to share that flat with now.........

The year is 1995, in spring, on a sunny Saturday morning, I was stood in my kitchen overlooking the sea front, making my coffee and toast, I was dressed in my shortie nightdress that just about covered my bum. I could see people walking along with their dogs. couples hand in hand taking in the sea air. The wind was blowing the branches around a little in the nearby trees.

I thought about my day, then I remembered I had someone coming to see the flat, I had been looking for a girl to share the flat with, but it had to be the right sort of person, I wasn't just interested in the money. we had to be able to get on together, as I knew that we would be spending quite a bit of time together and it would be great if we could be good friends as well.

I had taken a phone call earlier in the week from the latest person to respond to my advert in the local paper. Her name sounded foreign so I wasn't too sure about how well we would get on. But we agreed a time and date for us to meet and I remembered that she would be here in the next hour or so. 

I eat my breakfast and went and had a quick shower. I loved the water beating against my body and this morning was no exception. The powerful water jets beat against my body, relieving the tension in my shoulders. I positioned my body so one of the water jets arced and caressed my pussy, the pulsing water aroused my clitoris to such an extent I was lost in love and my fingers plunged in and out of my pussy until my legs buckled and my orgasm spread through my body. 

I leaned against the tiled wall regaining my strength, I then realised the time and hastily got out of the shower and dried myself off. As it was the weekend I put on my denim mini skirt and a white button fronted blouse, I was bare legged, with my favourite powder blue panties that covered my sensitive pussy. I rarely wore any shoes indoors. I enjoyed the freeness of bare feet and the minimum of clothing. 

I had about 10 minutes to have a quick tidy up and to make the bed, which I did in a couple of seconds, just a quick flick of the quilt and it looked fresh and tidy again. I hung up my bath robe to dry and put my damp fluffy towels on the radiator. 

I was just finishing tidying up the living room when the door phone buzzer sounded. I went across to the phone and lifted it from it's cradle on the wall by the door. 

'Hello who is it?' I asked

"Oh I have come about the flat share, I rang in the week" answered the voice

'Oh yes, come on up I'm on the second floor' I pressed the door release and waited in anticipation

I heard footsteps approaching the door and as I walked to open it the bell rang. I peered through the spy hole and then turned the handle and opened the door. 

'Hello, my name is Kaylee'

"Oh hi, I'm Adele come on in"

Kaylee was a beautiful looking girl, she looked a similar age to myself, may be a year or so older than me. But she was also dressed in a short denim mini-skirt... hmmm similar tastes I thought. 

'I will put the kettle on'

"Yes that will be nice"

As the kettle boiled I offered to show Kaylee around. A quick tour of the kitchen followed by a tour of the bath room and the living room. Then finally the large bedroom. I showed Kaylee the wardrobe space and draws within. She looked impressed. We then went across to the window to look across the sea front. The view from up here was the selling point of this flat. I loved to stand in the window dreaming about life with a glass of wine in my hand on a hot summers evening, listening to the people and the waves crashing on to the shingle beach.

I was aware that I had been doing all the talking and Kaylee hadn't said much, so we stood quietly for a moment looking out of the window. I was lost in the sights outside. 

I could feel the warmth of Kaylee's body as she stood looking over my shoulder. Her hands suddenly moved around my body and hugged me tightly. I turned and our lips touched.

Kaylee kissed me softly on the lips, tasting me, her tongue tracing the line of my lips.

She looked deep in to my eyes and I melted under her spell, I closed my eyes and relaxed in her arms. She kissed my eye lids softly. Her long soft eye lashes brushed my cheeks slowly.

Kaylee used her soft finger tips to discover every part of my face and neck, softly caressing it, kissing it as well. I threw my head back and her lips kissed my neck, working around it to the soft skin below my long hair. My body tembled under her touch. 

"You have lovely soft and smooth skin Adele"

I just purred 'Hmmmm yes, don't stop Kaylee, I love what you are doing'

I felt her lips touch mine again, soft and sensual. 

I opened my eyes, she was looking at me, her lips parted and her tongue slid across her red lipstick in a slow and sensual manner. I put my hands softly on her shoulders and drew her body close to mine. I could feel her body heat radiating on to mine. 

The soft touch of her lips transformed as she parted my lips with her tongue, seeking out my tongue, Kaylee's lips devoured me, wanting me, loving me.

Her hands where holding me tight, but they were not still, her fingers caressed by shoulders through my silky blouse, discovering my curves and feeling my breasts.

Kaylee's fingers slid over my erect nipples, teasing them through the thin fabric, flicking them with her thumbs, watching my reactions. My body trembled I moved my feet apart to maintain my balance. Kaylee noticed my change in stance. Her leg went between mine and I moved forward to hold her and ride my pussy on her thigh.

I wanted fulfilment, relief from the sexual tension building up inside of me and Kaylee sensed this. Her fingers squeezed my breasts, then the started descending down my blouse, using the buttons as stepping stones, but with a little flick after each step, undoing each button in turn. 

My blouse now hung loosely on my shoulders, Kaylee's cool hands touched my stomach and travelled upwards opening my blouse, revealing my pert breasts to her gaze. Her fingers caressed the underneath side of each breast, her thumbs circled each erect nipple. As she pushed my blouse off my shoulders and removed it from my arms, she planted kisses around my nipples

The coolness of the air close to the window on the moistness on my breasts aroused my nipples even more. Her lips parted and she sucked me in to her mouth. Tonguing my nipple at first before rolling it lightly between the sharp edges of her teeth. I cried out with each flick of her tongue.

Kaylee's fingers travelled down to my waist, I bucked my hips back and forth trying to arouse myself on the firm muscles of her upper thigh. My moist pussy was causing my panties to become very wet, leaving a damp spot on Kaylee's thigh which I knew she had noticed. My orgasm was starting to build, my body was trembling, I let my head go backwards and Kaylee kissed my neck, using her teeth, biting my ear lobes, sucking them. 

I groaned as Kaylee played with my body, her fingers never still, but always touching me lightly, sensually. I felt her fingers on my leg below the hem of my skirt. Slowly travelling upwards, my legs widened in anticipation. Her fingers cool against my legs. She lifted my skirt and her fingers travelled upwards towards my hip.

They traced the lace edge of my panties, going down hmmmm so close, her fingers now pressed the damp material of my panties in to the slit of my pussy. Travelling up and down they got damper and damper. She smothered my cries and gasps with her sensual mouth. Her tongue squirming inside my mouth chasing my tongue as her fingers played with my pussy.

Kaylee eased my damp panties to one side, I tried to chase her fingers by moving my hips, but she remained firmly in control. Then I felt her fingers on my soft skin, getting closer and closer to my moist and hot honey pot.

Her fingers rested there, just marking out the length of my moist slit, I wanted her inside of me and she didn't disappoint me. Her fingers curled inwards. I gasped as her middle finger parted my lips and slid graciously in to my pussy. I moved forward taking her deep inside me. Oh it was lovely, she knew what I wanted and she was giving me what I wanted.

Her middle finger pumped in and out of my streaming pussy, twisting it around inside of me, her thumb brushed my clit and I almost fainted, my legs shook as she tortured my clit, flicking it from side to side, chasing it around and around, stretching it and teasing it. Her finger was sliding in and out so easily, one finger came out, but then two fingers went back in to me. 

I called out her name as they corkscrewed in to me, pumping in and out of me, going faster and faster, in and out, twisting around inside of me, in and out, harder and harder, in and out, her thumb pressing my clit first to the left then to the right. flicking it from side to side. Her fingers going as deep as possible in and out

As she withdrew slowly I tried to keep her fingers deep, but she pressed with her thumb and I tried to retreat instead.

Her lips were now sucking on my nipples as she pushed three fingers in to me, stretching my pussy like never before. I was in a dream, but a very real dream. My body trembled again and again as orgasm after orgasm spread through my lower body.

I started to shake as Kaylee fucked me with her fingers harder and harder, I was in submission to her now, I couldn't stop her, she knew I was at her mercy. Her fingers charged in and out of my pussy, my juices covered her fingers and hands. I cried out as my orgasm reached an even higher peak, Kaylee took me through the barrier and I let my body release itself and I shook and trembled. 

Kaylee eased her fingers out of my pussy, I felt empty. She bought her fingers up to my mouth and licked them clean of my juices, I opened my eyes to see her licking them too. Then we kissed again and we shared the taste of my juices on my lips. She groaned as she tasted my juices on my tongue.

I held her tight, her fingers caressed my body, my pussy was leaking juices down my legs, my body recovered slowly. Kaylee just smiled, she knew I had enjoyed that. She looked in to my eyes and asked

"So when can I move in then, Adele?"

'Oh you already have Kaylee' I answered, I didn't want her to leave me now.....

I came back in to 2000 laying on my bed with my legs wide apart and my fingers dancing over my clitoris and plunging in to my pussy.