 When the girls returned from the mall, laden with shopping bags and chattering happily, they were surprised to find Susan and Leslie huddled naked on the couch looking somber; eyes red rimmed from crying.

"What's wrong Mom?" Brittany said, dripping her bags and rushing to her side, "What happened?"

"Your father found Leslie and me in bed," Susan said with a sigh. "He had a fit and left. He wouldn't even listen to me. I don't know what's going to happen."

"I'm sure he'll tell Bill the first chance he gets," Leslie added. "I have no idea how he'll react, but it won't be pretty."

"What are we going to do, Mom?" Teri said, hugging her.

"I think we should go home and wait for your father to contact us. I'm sure he'll listen to reason if we approach him properly."

"Be careful," Susan said. "You know how he can be."

"We'll be fine sweetie. See you later."

"I better get going too," Veronica said. "Let me know what's goin' on."

"Bye, baby, I'll call you later" Keri said as they hugged and kissed goodbye.

"You can stop by our place if you want," Teri said, "Is that okay Mom?"

"Sure," Leslie replied. "It'll be nice to have company."

After they'd gone, Brittany said "I'm sure Dad will see reason when he calms down. He wouldn't just walk out on us would he?"

"Nah," Keri said, "He'll come around once we explain things to him."

"I love your father," Susan said, "But I love Leslie too. We'll work something out, now how about some tea?"

***

When Leslie and the girls walked in the house, the phone was ringing. She picked it up and said "Hello."

There was silence, and then a feminine voice said "Is Bill there?"

Thinking fast, Leslie said "No he isn't. I'm the housekeeper. Can I give him a message?"

"Sure. Tell him I'll meet him at the usual place around seven."

"Who shall I say was calling?"

"Rebecca. Thanks, bye."

Leslie hung up the phone and frowned.

"Who was that Mom?" Teri asked.

"Someone by the name of Rebecca; she wants your father to meet her at the usual place around seven tonight. It would seem he has a girlfriend."

"Does that mean Dad's in town?" Teri replied, "Why hasn't he come to see us? Is he cheating on you?"

"So it would seem. Now we'll both have something to talk about when he gets here; whenever that is."

"Here's my little family," boomed a male voice.

Startled, the women turned to see a tall, slightly built, sandy haired man standing in the entrance to the family room.

"Bill!" Leslie said. "What are you doing here? You scared me."

"Hi Dad," Teri cried, running to hug him, but he held up his hand to stop her.

"Just tell me one thing, is what Ray told me true?"

"What did Ray tell you exactly?" Leslie said, standing up and crossing her arms across her chest.

"That you guys were lezzing out with each other."

"I wouldn't put it so crudely, but yes, Susan, the girls and I have developed a deep affection for each other. That doesn't mean ..."

"Shut up, bitch! What the hell is wrong with all of you? I'm gone for a few months and you all turn into a bunch of queers!"

"Daddy, please ..." Teri began trying to hug him.

"Get away from me," Bill snarled, pushing his daughter away. Teri's heel caught on the rug and she fell on her back.

"Bill! For Godsake, will you calm down," Leslie screamed.

Then Veronica was standing before him, eyes blazing "Don't you ever touch her again or you'll regret it."

"Who the fuck are you?"

"Teri's my girlfriend."

"Another dyke, huh?" Bill snapped and moved to shove her. In a blur of motion, Veronica had him on his knees, right arm twisted behind his back. "No one lays a hand on me, tough guy, especially some ignorant hater."

"Damn, I didn't mean nothin'," Bill moaned, 'Lay off, you're breakin' my arm."

Leslie crouched down so her face was even with his "By the way, Romeo, someone by the name of Rebecca called earlier. It seems she wants to meet you at the usual place around seven tonight."

"I don't know anyone named Rebecca ... OW!" Veronica gave his arm a twist "Okay, yeah, she's a girl I know from the office and we went out a couple times ... OW! Dammit! ... okay, I've been seein' her for a couple years now whenever I'm in town."

"You've been screwing her haven't you," Veronica said, "Don't you lie either."

"Yeah, we've been screwin', but I don't love her or nothin' ..."

"I've heard enough," Leslie said, standing up. "Get out of this house, you cheating bastard. Oh, one more thing, Susan and I are lovers and we're life partners. She treats me better than you ever have and she makes me cum more often than you ever have. Now, get the fuck out and go to your girlfriend, you prick."

Veronica released her grip and he scrambled to his feet, rubbing his arm "You bitches haven't heard the last of me," he mumbled.

"Just so you know, Father, I'm queer as you put it, Veronica's queer, we're all queers. I'm in love with Brittany and Veronica's in love with Keri. I love you too because you're my Dad, but if you can't accept us for who we are, then that's tough."

Bill muttered something under his breath about 'fuckin' dykes', turned and left, slamming the front door behind him.

"Ronnie, you were awesome," Teri said, hugging her and they kissed, "Where'd you learn moves like that?"

"Self-defense and Judo classes," she replied. "When you do porn films or work where I do, some dudes try to rape you thinking you're easy meat; surprise, not this girl."

"That was impressive, sweetie," Leslie said, giving her a hug and kiss. "I'm so glad you were here. I can't believe that louse has been cheating on me all this time and I didn't have a clue. I'm having the locks changed in the morning. He can just shack up with his little fuck toy."

***

"Ew, I'm all sweaty, I'm taking a shower," Keri announced, stripping off what little clothing she wore, "Any one care to join me?"

Susan and Brittany looked at each other and grinned. They had decided to do some neglected housework to get their minds off their troubles and now it was time for some fun.

Soon they were in Susan's shower soaping and teasing each other, making sure certain body parts were extra clean.

"Your father and I used to have fun in here when you girls were small," Susan said, wriggling with pleasure from Brittany's fingers thrusting in her pussy and Keri's in her asshole. "You girls are so naughty; you're gonna make me cum if you keep doing that."

"Mmmm, cum for us, Mom," Keri purred, her chin on her mother's shoulder, cupping her full breast and finger fucking her puckered hole. "Then you can suck our little pussies. Ooooo."

Susan and Brittany exchanged open mouthed kisses, four of Brittany's fingers squelching in her mother's gooey cunt until Susan squealed and climaxed violently, drenching Brittany's hand with cum that washed away in an instant. After giving their mother a second orgasm, Keri turned off the shower, they dried each other off with fluffy cotton towels, climbed into bed and snuggled.

"It feels so good and so right being here with you guys," Keri said. "We're a real family now."

"I never thought I'd see the day when I'd be in bed naked with my own daughters," Susan said, happily, "Much less making love with them. You're so right, baby. I've never felt closer to you two than I do now."

"We love you, Mom," Brittany said, dreamily, resting her head on her mother's breasts. "We'll always be here for you, right squirt?"

"Mmmm, yeah," Keri replied. "Bein' like this has got me hot. Let's get a strap-on and fuck each other with it." She retrieved the harness and thick phallus from a bureau drawer saying "Who wants to wear this first?"

"Me," Brittany replied. "Mom, I'll fuck you and you sit on my face, squirt."

"Such a sweet and considerate daughter you are," Susan said, helping Brittany fasten the harness on her hips, making sure the ridged pad was firmly against her daughter's clit.

Brittany lay on her back and Susan straddled the rigid shaft, lowering herself onto it until her pubes were against the cool leather; it was all the way in.

Keri straddled her sister's head facing her mother and lowered her wet pussy onto Brittany's face and her eager mouth and wiggling tongue. She and her mother held hands and they began to move, quickly finding a rhythm. Brittany's hips rose to meet Susan's downward lunges, stroking the false cock deep in her pussy and withdrawing it with a luscious slurp.

Keri bent her knees, spread her legs, and scrubbed her gooey cunt on her big sister's face, squealing in delight as her siblings long tongue probed between her pink inner walls, causing her to tremble in ecstasy.

"Ooooh, baby, your big cock feels so good in my pussy," Susan moaned as Brittany slammed the plastic shaft into her, the ridged plate on the harness rubbing her daughter's engorged clit with every thrust. Brittany held tightly to her baby sisters hips, eating her out hungrily, totally aroused by her squeals and moans of pleasure and the flow of girl juices into her mouth.

Keri and Susan leaned toward each other, clumsily embracing, sharing tongue swirling kisses as the three slowly rose towards spine shattering climaxes, gasping and moaning.

"Ahhh, cumminggg ..." Keri screamed, smashing her gushing cunt onto her sister's face, all but drowning her in a flood of ejaculate. Brittany gulped and swallowed her younger sister's nectar, breathing through her nose, licking furiously, wanting her to cum again and again.

"Yeeeee..." Susan screamed in ecstatic joy as her orgasm hit, freezing her in place for several seconds as she squirted ejaculate past the phallus all over Brittany's hips and stomach, and then released her shivering and sighing, the false cock still deep inside her.

"Unngghh ..." Brittany grunted as she climaxed, her mouth filled with her sister's warm cum. They fucked each other into another set of hard orgasms and lay in a heap, breathing heavily and mewing in post-coital bliss. Susan lifted herself from the dildo, giggling at the sound it made when it pulled free of her sloppy cunt and lay beside Brittany, exhausted.

Keri slid her soaked pussy from Brittany's mouth and lay beside her sister who was licking cum from her lips and purring like a cat with a bowl of cream. They lay together for several minutes, not speaking, then the bedside phone rang and Brittany answered it.

"Oh, hi Mrs ... Leslie, yeah, Mom's right here hold on." She passed the phone to Susan and cuddled next to her.

"Hi sweetie ... he came home did he ... he did what ... you're kidding ... she did what ... really ... I'd have loved to have seen that .., uh huh ... uh huh ... why that cheating bastard ... two years ... I'll be damned ... good ... sure we'll come over ... give us a bit to get ready ... you have a dirty mind woman, hee, hee, hee ... well if you must know, yes ... damn right it was good ... okay, see ya in a bit, bye,"

"What happened, Mom?" Brittany said.

"Briefly, Bill came home all mad about Leslie and Teri being Gay, he hit Teri and Veronica decked him. That girl's something else. Anyway, Leslie found out Bill's been cheating on her and threw him out of the house. She wants us to come over and celebrate."

"What are we waiting for?" Brittany and Keri cried, running off to their rooms to get dressed.

***

"Welcome, gentlemen, welcome," Matthew Priestly said heartily to the men seated before his desk, "How may I help you today?"

"My wife used to belong to your organization," Bill Dean said, "Leslie was her name. You remember her?"

"Yes I do. Sister Leslie was a staunch crusader against the evils of modern society. Unfortunately, she has been seduced and corrupted by a cult of demonic Lesbians led by a woman named Susan Crawford, a most sad turn of events."

"That's my wife," Ray Crawford said sourly. "She's corrupted my daughters and Bill's daughter too. We can't do anything legally about this short of divorce, and they'd pick our bones in court. We thought you could give us a hand in getting this all straightened out if you catch my drift."

"We want to make their lives miserable," Bill Dean snarled, "Teach those Lezzie bitches not to throw us out."

"I may be able to help you gentlemen," Matthew said, resting his elbows on his desk, steepling his fingers together. "As Executive Director of the Legion of Decency, I can draw upon the assistance and resources of, let us say, associates of our organization to accomplish the goals you seek. Unfortunately, budgetary constraints may delay the implementation of ..."

"How much do you want?" the men replied. 

"A trifling sum for men of your status in the community; let us say ..."

***

Susan was preparing herself some lunch when the kitchen phone rang, it was Leslie.

"Hi sweetie how are ..."

"That no-good sonofabitch, that crap eating bastard, I'm gonna have his guts for dog food ..."

"Whoa, whoa, wait a minute, what are you talking about?"

"My fucking asshole of a husband, that's who. He's cancelled my credit cards and frozen me out of our bank account. There I was with a full basket in the Shop n' Save and the cashier says my cards were no good. Do you know how embarrassing that is? Everyone was staring and whispering. That low life ..."

"Wait, babe, wait; are you totally broke?"

"No, I was able to withdraw a few thousand before I was shut out, but the nerve of that cheating bastard, I'm gonna ..."

Susan began to giggle in spite of herself. Leslie had grown from a prissy, judgmental zealot in the Legion of Decency into a lusty, sexually adventurous woman filled with self-confidence who could swear like a cavalry sergeant and was spoiling for a fight.

"Goddammit, Suze, this isn't funny. What am I going to do?"

"First off, calm down, babe. We need to think this through. C'mon over and we'll talk."

"I'm on my way, lover."

***

Having clocked out for the day at the Bargain Barn, Brittany was leaving by the employees entrance when Fred Wheeler, Assistant Floor Manager motioned to her over and said "The Manager told me to tell you that you're fired as of now."

"What? Why? I haven't done anything?"

"I dunno, he just told me to tell you that." The smug look on his face was making Brittany's anger rise. She wanted to smash his fat face, but decided not to. She'd find out what was wrong.

She turned on her heel and headed for the Managers office. She got no farther than his secretary who handed her termination papers without a word and went back to typing on her computer.

Brittany quickly read the form and stopped at the line 'Reason(s) for Termination'; it read 'Acts of moral turpitude unbecoming an employee'.

"This is not a valid reason to fire anyone," Brittany said angrily, throwing the paper on the desk, "I refuse to sign it."

"Sign it or not, you no longer work here," the woman replied, her face impassive.

Brittany said nothing and left. On her way out, Fred cornered her once more and sneered "It serves you right, you stuck-up bitch."

Brittany's anger boiled over and she kicked Fred between his legs as hard as she could. He screamed and collapsed, grabbing his crushed genitals. She stripped off her Bargain Barn uniform shirt, dropped it on his face and stalked out to her car in her bra and blue jeans ignoring the stares of passersby.

***

""What do you suppose th' pitbull wants to see us about?" Keri muttered as she and Teri waited in Vice Principal Carpenter's office. They had both been summoned from their classes without an explanation and were both apprehensive, yet curious.

"Good afternoon, girls," Janice Carpenter said breezily as she swept into her office, locking the door behind her, "Sorry to keep you waiting, but I was detained on some other business."

Janice was in her mid-forties, medium height, slightly built with pale skin, green eyes and copper colored hair cut short. She was dressed casually in a blouse, short skirt and low heeled shoes, wearing little makeup; a small watch and earrings her only jewelry.

"Hello, Ms. Carpenter," the girls said respectfully.

She seated herself at her desk, consulted several papers lying there, and then said "I'm afraid I have some bad news for you. Your academic records have been recalled by the Board of Education for reevaluation in regard to your having enough academic credits to graduate next week. I'm sure it's an oversight on someone's part, but unfortunately, it would appear you cannot participate in the graduation ceremonies with your classmates."

Keri and Teri looked at each other in shock, and then Teri said "I know there's been a mistake. There has to be. I even took extra courses to make sure I had enough points to graduate. This is terrible."

"I know I have enough points," Keri continued, "There's been a screw-up somewhere. What can we do, Ms. Carpenter?"

"I suppose the principal could file an appeal in your behalf," Janice said, getting up from her chair, coming around the desk and sitting on the edge facing them. "I could complete the necessary paperwork tomorrow and have it on his desk before noon."

"That would be great, Ms. Carpenter," Teri replied. "Maybe we can graduate with our class after all."

"I would need a small favor from you girls before I begin the process," Janice purred. She lifted her skirt to reveal smooth thighs and a neatly trimmed pussy and smiled seductively.

Teri and Keri looked at each other again and grinned. They stood up, pushed Janice back onto her desk, pulled her forward and began kissing and licking her inner thighs, working their way slowly toward the older woman's moist cunt.

"Ooohhh, what lovely girls you are," she moaned, "I've heard so much about you, I wanted to have you all to myself so we could enjoy each other." She gasped as Teri began licking her pussy and Keri licked her puckered asshole, pulling the cheeks apart to have greater access and burrowing her tongue inside.

Teri licked and sucked the pink flesh greedily; the taste of a strange woman's pussy was intoxicating. She wanted to make her cum and cum and fill her hungry mouth with salty sweet fluids.

Janice began to squirm and moan as her holes were filled by the girls wiggling tongues and her hips rose to allow them even greater access to her most intimate of areas. She squealed in surprise as thrusting fingers replaced tongues, her blouse was unbuttoned, her bra pushed up to her neck and sucking mouths found her stiff nipples.

"Oh God, yes, fuck me," Janice moaned, lifting her legs high, wanting to be fisted in both holes as she felt her orgasm rising in an all-consuming wave. Teri and Keri knew she wanted to be fucked hard and filled her holes with their slim fingers, thrusting fast and deep, sucking and biting the woman's thick nipples, her moans and whimpers making them roaring hot to be fucked themselves.

"Ngghhhh ... Ahhhhh!!" Janice screamed as her orgasm ripped through her shivering body, jetting clear ejaculate and thick cum from her spuming pussy over the girl's hands. They continued to fuck her until she had a second orgasm and lay there, whimpering and gasping. 

The girls stripped quickly, pulled the breathless woman from the desk, removed her blouse and bra, lay her on the carpet and waited for her to recover. "Who do you want to eat and who do you want to finger fuck?" Keri asked as they caressed Leslie's body. 

"I don't care," was the reply, "I just want you to fuck me again, please."

Keri sat on Janice's face, rubbing her wet pussy on the woman's busy mouth. Teri shoved Janice's right hand between her legs and began fucking herself on the stiff fingers, reaching back to finger the woman's soaked cunt. 

Janice gripped Keri's thigh with her left hand, holding her in place while she sucked and licked the tender pussy flesh finding the girl's swollen clit and sucking it between her sharp, white teeth and nipping on it.
