 My best friend Kris and I were preparing to hit the bars for an evening of drinking and debauchery. The club was your usual gothic fetish type place where black and leather were always in style and I was looking forward to seeing all the people dressed in their dark finery. The only thing holding me back was Kris. She had been working late and didn't want to go out wearing her mundane professional clothes so I had offered to let her get dressed at my place. The only problem was that she was taking forever to get ready. I had been sitting in my living room watching TV while she had been doing God knows what upstairs to get ready to go out. I was afraid that at the rate she was going it would be next weekend before we even left the house. Reluctantly, I tore myself from the comfort of the sofa that I had grown fond of while waiting and walked to the base of the stairs so she could hear me talking to her. 

"Kris let's go. I don't want to spend all night waiting for you to get ready." 

I called up to her in a tone that barely disguised the latent impatience in my voice. 

"I know. I'm hurrying. I just want to look good when we go out tonight. I'm almost ready." 

"Alright." 

I shook my head and went back to watching TV. She'll be ready when she's ready I guess, I thought to myself as I flipped through the channels. It wasn't much longer until I heard her coming down the steps. 

"What do you think?" 

I looked over to see her standing at the foot of the stairs wearing an amazing outfit. She had donned a black vinyl mini skirt with thigh high fishnet stockings secured by a garter belt that peaked out from under the hem of the skirt. Kris had some of the longest, most incredible legs I had ever seen and the stockings were making them look even better; however, it was the top that intrigued me the most. It looked as though she had combined a fishnet top with a cupless bra and the only thing hiding her nipples from the eyes of the world was some strategically placed electrical tape. She looked stunning. I found myself staring at her body and having to will myself to not walk over to her and begin running my hands over her body. 

"I gather from your expression that the outfit is a success." 

Kris was smiling at me, obviously enjoying my reaction. 

I took a deep breath and walked past her to the door. 

"We better get going. Unless you have anything else to do before we leave Kris?"

"Actually, let me adjust this strap right quick." 

I watched as she reached for the buckle at the nape of her neck and tightened it, forcing her breasts into an even more pushed up position. They seemed to call to me, to beg me to touch and suck them. Kris looked up at me, an impish grin spreading across her angelic face as she moved in closer to me before speaking. 

"Well maybe there is something you'd like to do before we leave for the bar?" 

My body shuddered as she let her long fingernails trail across my cleavage exposed by my low cut black velvet dress. I could feel her hot breath on my skin as she leaned in to kiss me. Our lips brushed lightly at first, but then she forcefully pressed hers into mine. Her tongue darted into my mouth and I hungrily sucked it as she stepped backwards and sat on the fourth step on the staircase. I kneeled on a lower level in front of her and began to cup her breasts in my hand. The fabric of the fishnet top felt scratchy against my palm as I squeezed and released the plump flesh. I slid my hand underneath her bra and top to peel away the electrical tape from her nipples. The sound of the adhesive as it released her flesh sent chills through me as I watched her face contort in both pain and pleasure from the sensation. I pulled my hands out from under her top and began to dig my nails into her breasts through the netting of the shirt. The beautiful erectness of her nipples taunted me and I ripped a wider hole in the netting of the shirt over her nipple, leaving it vulnerable to my wicked desires. She moaned as I put my lips to her breast and began to suck. 

My hand slid up the length of her thigh, my nails dragging across the skin. The moistness between her legs drew my hand to it. I pulled the thin satin fabric of her panties out of the way and began to enter the liquid darkness I found there. My first two fingers plunged inside of her. They worked every inch of her inner walls, touching all of her most erotic places and opening her cunt wider for more of my hand. I slipped another finger and another into her, until nearly all of my hand was inside her hot sticky pussy. She moaned in pleasure as her entire body writhed above me. Her hips bucked, driving my fist further into her as I continued to suck and bite her nipple. Her body's warmth seemed to envelope it as her muscles pulled and contracted around my hand while it probed deeper into her. She began to move her body up and down on my fist, riding it like a hardened phallus. I moved my wrist back and forth across her engorged clit as more and more of her juices seeped onto my hand. 

"Oh yeah! Fuck yeah! Deeper!" 

Kris grabbed onto the banister with one hand while she held on to me with the other one. She tightened her thighs around my arm, her muscles tense and her body begging for satisfaction. I could feel her climax approaching as her cunt firmly clenched my fist. She shuddered as the release overtook her and her sweet nectar drained from her onto my hand and wrist, moistening the carpet of the stairs. 

"Mmmm, that was fun. Now let me." 

Kris grabbed my wrists and switched places with me. She positioned herself between my legs and pulled the top of my dress down around my waist, exposing my breasts to her waiting lips. She wrapped her mouth around my nipple while she pulled and tugged at the other one. Her teeth bit the tips gently as she methodically sucked them into a stiff erectness. I lifted my legs and wrapped them tightly around her hips, pulling her body close to mine. 

She slowly lifted the dress up around my waist, exploring my flesh with her hands as she went. She grabbed my buttocks, her nails digging into the skin while she lowered her head to my crotch. I entwined my fingers in her hair and pressed her face into my cunt. Her tongue lapped at the juices that had began to pool there in anticipation of her mouth's arrival. I gasped with pleasure as she began to suck on my clit, her tongue exploring every corner of my pussy. It dove inside of me touching every sensual spot it found. I lifted one leg over her back and used both it and my hands to push her face deeper between my legs. Her moans vibrated deep into me as her nose pressed against my clit. The pleasure overwhelmed me and I lay back onto the steps behind me, my eyes rolling into the back of my head. I cried out as my back arched. My body shook and quivered as the juices flowed from me onto her face. Greedily, she drank of my erotic essence, not leaving the space between my legs until she had devoured every last drop.