 "Good morning sleepy-heads! We're on our way to ninety-three so get out that suntan lotion."

It was not clear to Mattie what came first, the stray bright beam of light though the errant slat in the blind or the DJ's voice screaming once again what the weather would be. She knew she needed to find a new radio station. What she wished for more was a nice soft pair of lips to nibble down her neck in the mornings. She had almost given up finding such a delight.

Mattie laid still as she drifted out of her deep sleep and listened to 'A Beautiful Morning'. The DJ always seemed to play that song after the weather report on days like this one. She had always thought it was cruel to think of such a hot day as 'beautiful'. For her a high of seventy-five would be a much nicer day.

As her hand dragged across her mouth, the strong fragrance that filled her nostrils reminded her of what a nice time that she'd had with herself in the early morning not so many hours ago. The more she tried to remember the details, the more she became aware that it was not just once last night. Her fingers leisurely explored where they had been and the wet slurping sounds sent her off on another whirlwind adventure.

The world of romance had always been mean and spiteful to Mattie. Growing up in Round Rock, she had lusted after the other girls; something frowned upon. Once she made a pass at her best friend Suzy and their lips had even touched. What a mistake that was. Everyone talked about her for months. She had tried the boy thing a few times in high school and even though she would tell herself that it was just inexperience on both their parts, all that seemed to happen was a kiss, a grope, and after a few strokes she was covered with the results of his orgasm. She always asked herself, 'Where were the fireworks for her?'

At the university, she immersed herself in her studies and graduated with a 4.0 GPA and a 0.0 bedtime with anyone. Oh, there had been Kate for a night, but nothing much more than kissing happened. It was now the end of three years at law school and she already had four offers to work at the best law firms for far more money than she thought possible. Mattie was walking on cloud nine.

For the last year, Steve had been one of those friends she would confide in about problems and he would do the same. They had never dated, but would sometimes stop at a bar and have a drink after class or go on short drives together. One afternoon after the last law school exams, they parked at the lake. The weather was nice. Lips touched, hands caressed, and soon her naked bottom was resting on the supple tan leather upholstery of the Mercedes seat. It wasn't clear what was turning her on more - Steve's fat forefinger slopping around inside of her or the sight of her skirt wadded up on the floor along with her panties about to slide off the dashboard, but she could almost feel herself start to get involved with the action between her legs.

Steve began kissing his way down her body. She had read 'those stories' and the excitement of someone actually kissing her between the legs raced up and down her spine. The letdown of a few laps of his tongue and a brief suck on her clit was more than she could tolerate. "Eat shit!" she screamed as she stood outside the car and dressed. "What's wrong?" he yelled as she walked down the road and towards the bridge into town. The last she saw of Steve was when he flipped her the finger as he passed.

The red Ferrari crushed Mattie against the concrete bridge abutment. She consoled herself; at least a rich drunk guy in ONE of his Ferraris was driving. In the hospital, she stared at her left hip where her leg used to start as the attorney dropped off a check with more zeros than she had ever seen. The driver was on his mega-yacht in the harbor at Monaco recovering with a broken finger.

It had been a long few weeks since leaving the hospital and Mattie sat in the large richly appointed office of Mr. Sampson, managing partner of The Sampson Group. He was an imposing figure with a reputation for being a driven man - top of his class at Harvard Law School, clerked for an US Supreme Court justice, worked for a big law firm, and had been on the state appellate court for five years before starting his own firm. Mattie had considered not making this appointment and just sending a polite rejection letter, but she felt it was important to do this in person. She had tossed and turned for nights planning exactly what she would say.

"I hear that you may not be working with us. I am very disappointed," he said.

"The Sampson Group was at the top of my short list Mr. Sampson. The accident and then the generous settlement has opened up some new possibilities."

"I understand completely. Let me suggest something I have been considering. I would like to open a free law clinic and I need someone to work maybe two days a month, maybe more. I think you would be the right person. You'd have full control of your time and the cases you choose. When you need help, we'd be here as a resource. I have a few towns in mind for the clinic. I understand you don't need the money, but I'd be happy to make this worth your while."

"I still need to pass the bar."

"I am sure you already know all the material like the back of your hand. I have someone here that can help you prepare. Susan passed the bar last year and is sharp like you. Making sure you pass the bar would be part of the package I'm offering."

The stray beam of light that had awakened Mattie now was like the beam from a floodlight and filled the room. With a gentle tap on the alarm button, she silenced the song. She sat on the edge of the bed, stretched her arms, and let a long yawn flow from her mouth. At five-foot-eight and slim, most people would describe her as stunning. She combed her fingers through the curly light brown hair that draped casually over her shoulders. She rose and rubbed her hands over her firm breasts and across the tight muscles of her stomach. Balanced on her single foot, she lifted her hands over her head and did her usual morning touch-the-toes exercises.

She stood in the large tile shower with the warm water cascading across her body. Her hands chased the suds over her nicely tanned body. The thick fluffy washcloth slipped easily across her body leaving trails of soapy bubbles everywhere. The washcloth fell with a splat onto her toes as her fingers began to recreate the pleasures of the early morning. Her back arched and her head touched the wall as she stared into the water falling from the showerhead and a low moan echoed off the walls.

A tall freestanding mirror framed in a dark brown wood stood between the bed and widow. Dressed, she twisted back and forth in front of the mirror. The black high heal shoe accented her calf; the obvious gray seam of the white stocking was arrow straight; and the short brown leather skirt stopped just below the top of the stocking. She lifted the back of her skirt and straightened her panties letting the elastic snap against her hips with a soft pop. Her dark blood red blouse made it clear that there was nothing under it except Mattie. With a quick jiggle of her breasts to straighten them, she sighed a small mummer of approval.

Mattie strolled gracefully along Main Street past the trendy boutiques that sold things no one in their right mind would actually need. Somehow, the stores managed to stay in business because of all the tourists that came to Coffeeville to vacation by Lake Johnson. There were several bigger towns not far from away, but it was a nice town and all she needed on most days. The first months she lived there had been good, so far.

"Wonderful," the woman next to her exclaimed as they both waited for the traffic light to change.

Mattie did not know exactly what the woman was talking about or if she was somehow involved in the 'wonderful' event. When she realized there were no other people near them, she asked, "What?" Mattie looked puzzled while staring at the woman's face.

"I'm sorry. How rude of me. I was just taken by your beauty and how nicely you carry yourself."

"Oh. I try to not let myself come across as helpless."

"My name is Joann, everyone calls me Jo." Jo held out a hand with lovely fingers and neatly manicured nails that ended just over the end of the fingertips and painted an attractive shade of red.

"Well Jo, I'm Mattie. Call me Mat. Can I buy you a drink? I'm on my way to the Blue Parrot."

"I'd love too." Jo touched Mat's upper arm and let her hand linger just for a moment.

The Blue Parrot was at the end of the next block and the two women walked next to each other, occasionally stopping to admire things in store windows. They often had similar reactions to things they saw like "who'd buy that?" or "isn't that exquisite?"

"Bar or table?" Mat asked as they walked though one of the large open archways of the Blue Parrot foregoing the tables along the sidewalk.

"Bar," Jo replied as she swung her leg over a stool.

"Hey Sara, a Corona for me," Mat said to the bartender. "And one for my best friend Jo."

"A mind reader huh? What do you do for a living, perform?" Jo teased gently.

"Actually I'm an attorney. I was going to be a fancy high-powered one like in the John Grisham novels, but instead I do pro bono work several days a month. The rest of the time I'm a woman of leisure and pick up lovely women on the way to the Blue Parrot." Mat snickered and then smiled.

"I feel honored to be your conquest for the day." Jo tipped the bottle and let a sip of the golden fluid roll across her tongue before it proceeded down her throat. "Now that hit the spot on a scorcher like today. Wish highs weren't above seventy-five."

"My sentiments exactly. What about you, what do you do besides pickup women on crutches?"

"I usually don't tell people that I have a PhD in History. If I do, their eyes roll back in their head and they walk off. These days I write novels and sometimes give lectures. My specialty is the California Gold Rush. I'm starting a new book, my fifth one."

Mattie watched Jo talk and realized that the whole time she had been with her, she had not really noticed how attractive Jo was. Though Jo was probably more than a few years older than Mat, her features were smooth and refined like the way she talked. The loose fit of her blouse and shorts hid what Mat assumed was a body well taken care of and fit like her long slim legs that extended 'all the way' to her white running shoes.

"You have lovely eyes," Jo whispered. "I hope you don't mind me saying that." Jo's fingers brushed against Mat's in an exploratory touch. Jo watched for any kind of reaction as her fingers repeated the touch again.

Mat touched back and left a few fingers on top of Jo's hand. "I was just noticing how nice you look. Thanks for flattering me." Leaving her fingers against Jo's, Mat took another sip of her beer. "Guess I'm not always approachable, glad you tried."

"I try to be, but usually people never get all that close. I'll work on that for you."

"I need to go to my office soon, what are you doing tomorrow?" Mat asked.

"Could be here for lunch?" Jo finished her beer as she watched Mat disappear into the bright sunlight.

Mat walked slowly back to her house five blocks from the Blue Parrot as she question what she was doing letting someone try to get close to her. Today wasn't her day at the office; she just had to back away from Jo. She lingered in the shade of a tree along the curb and thought about Jo. "Loved the way her words moved me," she whispered out loud and then admonished herself, "Go slow fool."

Kevin let out a loud whistle and Mat waved back. "Don't you look good enough to eat!" he hollered. Kevin lived with Carl a block from her and they often traded pleasantries.

Mat loved her house right on Dead Man's Cove. The cove was a wide finger of the lake that extended almost into town. The location gave her a great view of the main lake and easy access to town with all the shops, restaurants, and entertainment. With her money, she knew she could have had more, but this gave her all she needed.

After a quick change, Mat strolled through the backdoor on her way to the chair on the dock. She was dressed only in a man's white long sleeved shirt; the only fastened buttons were the bottom two. Tucked between a few fingers of one hand was a paperback book, a large commute cup with the top snapped shut and filled with ice tea dangled from the other. As she sat on the cushion of the lounge chair, she dropped her crutches on the deck with a loud thud.

"Don't scare the fish," Robert the old man in the small fishing boat teased as he waved to Mat. The electric motor made an almost imperceptible hum as the boat slowly passed her dock. He always was out in his boat, but never caught anything. Mat sometimes kidded him that if he would put bait on the hook, something might bite. Today his wife Doris wasn't with him. Mat waved. She suspected he had a small crush on her.

The open book lay upside down spread across her chest as she rested her left forearm over her eyes for a moment before letting the hand drift along her body. She glanced at the toes of her right foot as they wiggled alone in the light breeze off the lake. Thoughts of Jo rolled around her mind as her fingers snaked through the moistness between her legs. The pink skin inside of her was something she would forever enjoy touching.

"I was worried you might be all dressed up today," Mat said as she walked into the blue Parrot wearing khaki shorts, white t-shirt, and a brown sandal. "Yesterday I was unusually dolled up, my slutty look."

"I just got here. Yeah, I had the same concern. Great minds and all that you know. I'm pretty casual." Jo said without standing. She pulled out the chair next to her in an effort to make sure Mat sat there rather than at the other side of the table. "Wow, you make my heart flutter."

"Knock it off," Mat said with a huge smile. "Flattery will get you everything."

"What would you like today?" Sara asked. "Two beers?"

"I'm going to be wild and crazy. A rum and coke," Mat replied.

"Same. Make those doubles," Jo said as she reached over and ran a fingertip over the back of Mat's hand. After Sara walked away, Jo whispered, "Maybe I'll get lucky." Jo giggled another of her pleasant laughs. Mat knew she could get used to Jo's laughs very easily. As they each searched the menu, Jo's finger continued to stroke Mat's hand.

Mat could see Jo's mouth move, but she was too deeply engrossed with the lips to hear very much. She pondered what it would be like to just press her lips against those full red pieces of flesh. Everything inside her body was screaming, demanding even, that she just let herself kiss Jo. A tiny piece of her, the rational part, was urging caution. That tiny piece of her was all that had kept her heart safe in the past during the few times of danger that she had encountered.

"What can I get you?" Each time she repeated the words, the sound of the voice changed in perception and tone. Sara touched Mattie on the shoulder. Mat realized Sara was trying to get her attention. In a startled voice, she responded, "Oh! Sorry. I'll have a burger and fries, and another drink." Mat hoped that was the right response.

After Jo ordered, she asked Mat, "Are you okay?"

"I'm so sorry. I was off in another world. It was nice and you were there with me."

"That sounds lovely. I hope we can explore it together next time." Jo chuckled and her fingers wrapped a little tighter around Mat's hand. "What were we doing in your fantasy?"

"It was just a crazy little daydream, you would laugh at me."

"No Mat. I wouldn't. Let me tell you my little fantasy about you from this morning. I don't think you'll mind."

"I wouldn't if it was like the one I just had about you."

"Oh good. Then I'll save it and we can just act it out after lunch."

Mat cooed, "Hmmm." She could feel the puddle growing in her panties as she imagined with great clarity and excitement about what was going on in Jo's mind. The way Jo's tongue wetted her lips in the slow passage from one side to the other added another wave of moisture to her growing puddle.

The rear strap of Mat's sandal slipped away and her foot came free. Her toes brushed against Jo's ankle and then up a few inches along the calf. Jo nodded in approval just before she closed her eyes for a moment. Jo whispered softly so only Mat would hear, "Wish you could see what I'm doing to you." Mat mewed back with her eyes closed, "I love the way your tongue feels against me."

By the time the food arrived, both were in near orgasmic bliss from the words drifting between them. Jo whispered as she let go of Mat's hand to hold her burger, "My appetite for food is being replaced for something else you know." Mat replied with a devilish grin, "I do hope we can have 'dessert' at my place after we leave here."

Their purses hit the floor at the same time the front door clicked shut. The quick intoxicating kiss in driveway gave way to a long exploration of each other's mouth with adventuresome tongues. Jo's hand wandered past Mat's navel and into the wet darkness of her panties without regard to the uniqueness of Mat's body. Mat was enjoying herself too much to even consider stopping to explain.

The elastic waistband of Jo's shorts quickly slipped over her hips followed by the hipster panties she wore. "I need you down..." Mat gasped as her fingers stroked though the well-trimmed hair between Jo's legs. "I need to be down...here," she exclaimed. "Now."

"Bed?" Jo asked as her hand explored similar places. "Too far," Mat groaned as she pulled her tongue out of Jo's mouth for a second. They waltzed the few feet to the couch and fell next to each other. Lips touched skin, as body parts are uncovered, kisses are applied. Small, wadded piles of clothes began to appear on the floor. "I hope you don't mind," Mat offered as Jo's face kissed near the missing leg. Jo's kisses over the light faded scars were the only answer she needed.

The wonderful aroma of Jo that filled Mat's nostrils were from a place she had never been, one that she knew she could become addicted to with ease. Her fingertips parted the pieces of skin and she savored the wet pinkness in front of her with each lap of her tongue. The "Ah-h-h," that came from the other end of Jo urged her to continue. Jo's fingers were playing her like a finely tuned instrument and quickly all the notes appeared that signaled immense pleasures were soon to arrive. The sounds of passion that filled the living room made it clear that they both had finished the same tune at the same time.

"I want to lick me off your tongue," Jo said as she twisted around and held her face inches from Mat's and breathing deeply. "It excites me that you were there." Jo dragged her tongue slowly across Mat's lips. She sucked Mat's tongue between her lips as Mat held it out. "I need you," Jo hoarsely groaned.

Mat placed Jo's hand over her missing leg and rubbed. "Thanks for not minding."

"Darling, I want all of you. And that includes that piece of you."

"Maybe we should adjourn to the bedroom." Mat giggled.

"Only if we can stay for a long time," Jo whispered as she repositioned herself and let the tip of her tongue touch the wet, engorged, almost pained, begging clit, just enough to make a shiver race though Mat's spine in both directions more than once. "Anything you want!" Mat exclaimed as she combed her fingers though Jo's hair.

Jo popped back up with a smile of victory, and then strolled into the bedroom. Mat could not suppress the small groan as she watched Jo's naked ass wiggle with each step. "I heard that," Jo said with a 'follow me' wave of her finger.

Mat was happy she had at least pulled the covers up on the bed even though that did not hide the smell of her morning ritual affair between her fingers and the smooth wet pink skin between her legs. 
