 Anna buzzed around the house making last minute preparations. She had been looking forward to this evening for that past week and a half and she occasionally paused and shivered as the butterflies overtook her. She was trying to keep it simple so that she would be able to relax and enjoy the evening: two of her coworkers were coming over for a special evening of enjoyment.

Anna was 24 years old and had mousy-brown hair worn to her shoulders. Not only was she the youngest of the three coworkers, but also the smallest. She had a petite body and a ready smile. The only thing she occasionally wished she could change was her nose which was her least petite feature, but it wasn't so big as to get in the way. And no one seemed to mind.

She could still hardly believe that magical night a week and a half ago when she and her friends had been stuck in a motel while on the way to a conference. She replayed the events in her mind. The dinner together, the exercise intermixed with a game of blackjack, and the fortune cookies which heightened the suspense of the evening. All of it mixed together to create an atmosphere of desire for each other. Their clothes gradually came off and inhibitions were dropped; the friends became lovers.

Her friends were so lovely. Paula had brown eyes, long brunette hair and a dark complexion that didn't show any tan lines. Standing 5'6" she was the most curvaceous of the three friends, having nicely widened hips and a fuller bosom. She kept in shape and had a toned body. At work she could problem-solve her way out of any box with a win-win solution. Diana stood 5'8" with her blonde hair kept in a bob and a button nose and green eyes. She was pale complected and didn't show much in the way of tan lines because she didn't spend much time outdoors. She was a 'runner,' but did most of her exercise on the treadmill. She had a lithe runner's build. She was a natural leader, but did so by building consensus, and always with respect for those around her. She may have been the most serious-natured of the three, but she sure showed that she could let her hair down at the motel.

Anna sighed again at the memory and hoped that this evening would be just as memorable. She threw away some food wrappers, wiped up some drips from the counter and got their drinks ready. Her friends had asked if they could bring anything, but she insisted that she was just going to make a light meal for all of them and they did not need to bring anything. Of course that didn't stop them. When Paula showed up she had a cinnamon-apple flavored candle, and Diana brought a small, spring bouquet of flowers which was quickly placed on the table. Anna greeted each at the door with a quick hug and peck on the cheek.

They sat down and ate dinner. They talked about work, and boyfriends, and exercise, recent episodes of their favorite shows, and even the weather. Each wanted to talk about . . . well, sex, and each other . . . but no one wanted to be the one to bring it up. They finally settled into a pregnant silence and Paula's and Diana's eyes turned to Anna expectantly.

Paula raised her eyebrows at her friend and broke the silence. "I've really been looking forward to this evening." Through some unspoken agreement they all had remained quiet at work about their new found relationship. No one had done anything overt. There had been a little more than the usual touching: hand on an arm or shoulder, but not that anyone would notice. They had shared the occasional smile, and Paula had brushed her breast against Anna's back while looking over her shoulder at a computer screen. A latent reserve of expectation had built up over this evening's activities. "Can we help you pick up the dishes? Do you have something else planned?"

Diana raised her eyebrows and smirked, "Not that that I want to stuff myself, but do you have anything planned for dessert?" They all giggled .at the obvious double meaning.

"Sure, you can help put up the dishes." Anna tried to sound innocent and mysterious as she added, "We'll have dessert later." The table was soon cleared and Anna led them to the living room. "I really hope this doesn't sound too repetitive, but I too, had such a wonderful time before. I hope I'm not over-analyzing, but there were a couple things about that evening that I wanted to duplicate because it built up the excitement. One thing was the gradual . . . removal of clothes, which, though slightly . . . frustrating, also built the . . . you know, tension." Diana smiled back knowingly. "The way we took turns at things also helped so that no one was left out." She paused for a moment as a lump of memory and expectation caught in her chest. "But one of the things that really turned me on was watching you exercise, and the way you moved, and being that you didn't have as many clothes on . . . and the way you . . . jiggled." She blushed as she glanced at her friends, and continued. "That was a real turn-on."

Anna led them into the living room and they took seats on the couch: Anna on the right, Diana in the middle and Paula on the left.

"So . . . I already had a Wii system, which I use to stay fit, but my knowledge of the Wii Fit program gave me an unfair advantage. So, I invested in a couple more hand held devices, and a new game which we'll play this evening. And I know we'll have fun. I know I will."

"That sounds great!" Paula exclaimed. "I can't wait to whip your butts at this."

Diana countered, "I bet you'll find more competition than you bargained for. You're going down. And you'll be mine!" They laughed at the good-natured exchange.

Anna picked up where she left off. "So . . . the Wii Sports Resort program has 12 sports in it, and several have 2 or three separate events. Some events are for one person at a time, some are for two, and some we can all do at the same time. I looked briefly at them, but I didn't play them. So, when I whip your butts, it'll be because I'm simply more talented than you," she said while lifting her nose in the air, then laughed at her mock bravado. "I took the liberty of creating a mii for each of you which looks pretty close to your actual appearance." She had flipped on the program and they could see miis lined up for play.

"Oh, they're so cute," Paula condescended, "Especially that shrimpy one in the blue dress. Oh! That's you Anna! I feel so sorry for your little mii that's going to lose sooo badly." She lowered her voice conspiratorially. "Do we get to take their clothes off too?"

Diana rebutted, "Oh, I don't know. I think that one in the yellow dress looks kind of wimpy, myself. What's its name? Pillow? Ohhhh, it's Paula. Well, might as well be a pillow after I'm done fluffing it." She put an arm around Anna's shoulder and looked defiantly at Paula. But just for a moment before she leaned forward and gave Paula a light hug and whispered in her ear, "I can't wait to get you naked."

Paula inquired, "Can we change the color of my dress to something more aggressive like red or purple?" Anna responded affirmatively and quickly effected the change.

"Now that we're all done making fun of our miis, except for Diana's scarecrow of a mii, I'll explain the rules. We'll take turns choosing which game to play. We can start with Diana, since she's the eldest and most decrepit and needs all the help she can get." Diana stuck out her tongue. Anna hesitated a heartbeat as she thought about kissing that mouth, then continued, "I'll graciously go last as hostess, and the youngest, and most fit . . . to give you gals a chance." This time Paula stuck out her tongue. "If it's a game like golf or archery, we'll take turns through the various stages, and the winner has the lowest, or highest, score, and the loser visa versa. "

Paula muttered under her breath just loud enough to hear, "We'll see about sticking something in those holes" while pointedly looking at Anna's crotch.

Diana concurred: "We archers will see if we can get some penetration going on."

Anna continued as though she hadn't been in interrupted, "The winner will then get to personally remove the clothing item of her choice from the loser." Paula hummed appreciatively while giving Diana a salacious look. "Some games, like table tennis or basketball pickup, will be mini single elimination tournaments. The winner will undress the loser." Diana gave her best intimidating look to Paula before grinning. "If the loser has already lost her clothes, then the winner will tell them an action to perform for 30 seconds which should not include the removal of anyone else's clothes." Paula snapped her fingers in an "Aw, shucks" movement. "I have a 30-second sand timer right here," she said while holding it up. "The only game you may not choose is the regular bowling game - - that one is reserved for when everyone has lost their clothes to determine the winner for the next stage of this evening's activities." Paula and Diana smiled at each other with eyebrows raised.

"Let the games begin!" Anna called. "Diana, you're first."

"Well, in the spirit of getting some penetration going, let's do some archery." Diana went first and with her steady, patient aim received what appeared to be a pretty decent score.

Paula picked up the remotes. "My turn. This looks easy." Paula didn't have Diana's patience and soon stated, "This isn't as easy as it looks." Toward the end of her turn she slowed down and started catching on, but her score was already significantly lower than Diana's. "Well, smarty pants. You still can't beat that," she chided as she handed the remotes to Anna.

But Paula was wrong. Anna did nearly as well as Diana, which was significantly better than Paula. Diana turned to Paula. "OK, Paula. Off the couch." Paula stood up as Diana walked up to her. "Arms up." Paula obediently lifted her arms, and Diana lifted the T-shirt over Paula's head. "Wow," she sighed as she gazed at Paula's still bra-covered chest. She bent lower and whispered conspiratorially toward those breasts, "See you soon." She cocked her head and smiled at Paula before returning to her seat. "Paula. Your turn to choose."

Paula looked at the menu and decided on the first choice: sword play. "That's it, Anna. I challenge you to a duel!" They held their remotes ready. "Now. Let's see how this works." Their characters met on the little arena. All eyes were riveted on the screen as the instructions were given and the duel started. The two characters cautiously tried different moves as they moved closer together. "Hiyyyaaa!" Paula screamed as she began frantically swinging her remote. In a few moments it was over as Anna's mii plummeted off the raised platform into the water far before. Anna's jaw dropped as her character splashed into the water below. She looked at Paula with something between fear and thirst for revenge in her eyes.

"Hmmm. Is that all you've got. I get two more tries." The second time the characters advanced together, Anna swung more wildly and managed a few more hits, but in a few moments her mii took the plunge again.

Paula beamed in triumph. "OK, Diana, let's see what you've got." Diana saw the blocking technique and thought for sure she could manage a well-placed hit in between her blocks, but the first time her character advanced it was quickly knocked over the edge. "Surely you can do better than that," Paula challenged. Though the following match was exciting Anna spent much of the match staring at the nice jiggle in Paula's boobs as she swung her hand around.

Diana only grunted, "Uh, oh."

The second time around Diana managed to stay on the platform longer and got in a couple hits, but soon she was backed to the edge and knocked headlong backwards. "I win!" Paula announced.

Diana looked at Anna menacingly. "We know the winner. Now we'll find out who's the loser. Your turn girlfriend." Anna came out swinging. Diana stayed on a while, but Anna eventually had Diana's mii cart wheeling over the edge. A sobered Diana repeated, "Uh, oh." The next round was much more back and forth, and this time Diana finally managed to knock Anna over the edge.

"I thought I had you," Anna whimpered. "I'll get you this time," she said as she put her game face on. Her concentration was intense as she went after Diana's mii. She had Diana backed to the edge at one point and started celebrating too early as Diana impossibly hung on to her footing and managed a counter stroke that gave her a little space. Then against odds, Diana moved steadily forward finally knocking Anna over the edge. "I can't believe it. I had you. I . . . you . . ."

Diana just smiled as Paula crooked her index finger toward Anna. Anna got up and Paula hooked her fingers under the edges of Anna's T-shirt. "Turn around's fair play." Paula managed to hook Anna's shirt between a couple of her fingers as she slid her hands up Anna's side, rubbing her thumbs against the side of Anna's bra on the way up. Paula looked at Anna's bra that was obviously stretched by a couple erect nipples.

Anna took a deep breath while tearing her eyes from her friend's breasts. "Well, my turn now. And I choose . . ." her lips curled up in a crooked grin, ". . . a rematch. I re-challenge you to duel." Anna may have challenged with gusto, and her technique was improving, but Paula soon had her beat again. The surprise came when Diana's improving technique of blocks interspersed by quick attacks overcame Paula.

Diana turned toward Anna with a growing smile on her lips. She stepped up close to Anna, practically hugging her, her faces just inches from away as she stared in Anna's eyes and reached her hands behind Anna to unclasp her bra. Holding a strap in each hand she slowly slid her hands forward, grazing the sides of Anna's breasts with her palms. "Still so beautiful," she sighed, and stepped away. "My turn to choose again. Let's try . . . wakeboarding."

Diana couldn't seem to get the hang of landing, but not knowing what a typical score might be thought she was doing pretty well . . . until Paula's turn. Paula had a slow start, but caught on as she went, and ended up with a much better score than Diana. Diana looked at Anna and muttered, "Unless you totally flop, I'm guessing you'll decide which one of you disrobes me this time." Her prediction ended up correct with Anna scoring a few points higher than Paula.

"OK, honey, your turn," Anna said to Diana. "Stay seated. I think I'll just remove these socks here." She bent over Diana, resting her bare titties on Diana's knees as she pulled the socks off one at a time. "Much better. I can hardly wait to see those perfect legs" she glanced at Paula, then back, "And where those legs meet." She patted Diana's thighs as she stood back up. "Your turn," she said to Paula.

Paula looked at her choices and chose canoeing. As it turned out none of them did well, and they agreed that they weren't interested in playing that one again. When it ended Anna was face to face with Diana, unclasping the button on her jeans, unzipping them, then putting her hands on Diana's hips as she hooked her thumbs on the sides and slowly slid them down. She ended with her face inches from Diana's panties as Diana stepped backward out of her jeans. Anna thought she could smell woman scent coming from those panties before they moved away. She looked impishly at Diana as she retook her seat.

Anna declared, "My turn again and this time, I choose some basketball. Pickup." It took a little getting used to, but Anna caught on more quickly than Diana and had the high score. Paula soon regretted the amount of time spent watching Anna's perky little tits and Diana's long legs as Anna quickly over came her in the second match. Paula and Diana faced off, and though Paula improved, it wasn't enough, and Diana beat her. Anna stepped over to Paula who quickly raised her feet as though expecting a manicure, and almost connected with Anna's tits, but missed. "No, no. Not the socks. Just lean forward, please, and I'll relieve you of that cumbersome bra." Anna leaned over her friend to unclasp the bra, enjoying the view of her cleavage, and then the exposed breasts as she pulled the bra off her friend. She lightly kissed Paula on the top of the head before she backed away for a final gaze at her friend. Still looking at those full breasts she mechanically spoke to Diana, "Your turn."

Diana chose air sports, the dogfight, since flying an airplane had quite an appeal. They all had fun doing their loop-de-loops and twists and dives, and unexpected crashes, but agreed that this game was too long and that they wouldn't do it again. At the end Diana removed Anna's white anklets.

Since she'd had her first success with the swordplay Paula decided on that again, but this time chose speed slice. She told the other s that since she had such quick reflexes they were in trouble. And indeed Paula was almost always the first to complete her slice, unfortunately not in the direction that the game indicated. Anna edged Diana in the completion for winner and once again approached Paula, and got down on her knees. "This time you can show me you feet." The process took slightly longer than it might have if Anna and Paula weren't staring at each others' chests. Diana chuckled to herself and enjoyed the show.

Anna thought frisbee looked fun and chose that with the option of throwing to the dog. They all thought the little dogs were adorable. Concentrate as she might Diana could not get the wrist motion down. Paula did well, but was not the natural that Anna was. Anna turned to Diana and had her stand up again. "I'm just getting all the enjoyment of undressing you today. Those panties have got to go." Matching actions to words she hooked her thumbs in Diana's panties and pulled them down. She paused partway down to comment to her friend, "You shaved. You were just trimmed last time, but this time you just have a little runway. I like it."

Diana responded, "I'm glad you like it." She rubbed a hand gently down over her privates, gently stroking her slit and clit with her middle finger on the way back up. "It's still a little itchy, but I enjoyed the way yours felt last time and thought I'd follow suit.

Anna leaned forward with her hands on Diana's hips and gently kissed the mons above her friend's clit, furtively inhaling the incipient aroma of arousal. She swallowed and cleared her throat before continuing, "I can hardly wait." Diana grunted in agreement and sat her bare bottom back on the couch. She leaned forward as she felt her bottom connect with something other than couch material, and felt Paula's hand move away.

"Oh, silly me," Paula giggled. "How did that get there?" What she really wanted was to spend time feeling those smooth buns, but she knew that would come later. Not too much later, she hoped.

"Whose turn are we on?" Anna asked, barely able to concentrate. "Oh, yes, I chose frisbee so it's back to you, Diana."

"O.K., Anna. Do you need to take a break to clear you head?" Diana chuckled. "We haven't done any golf yet, and that's about my speed." They decided on an easy 3-hole game. Diana used her analytic strengths to plan and practice the strokes, and ended one over par. Paula didn't have patience for the practice strokes and hit the ball too hard most times ending 7 over par. Paula realized she was going to need to concentrate harder if she was going to have the fun of removing her friends' clothes . . . and if she was going to have any left herself. She was going to be performing for her friends shortly if she didn't get it in gear. Anna's 3 over par was enough to protect her pants, so it was Diana removing Paula's pants instead. She uttered her approval of Paula's red panties, and commented that they matched her mii, and her blush, quite nicely.

Although Paula had lost at basketball last time, she had improved as the game progressed, so she decided that if she concentrated on the ball, instead of her friends, she thought she had a chance. After a poor start she shut Anna down for her first victory. She faced off against Diana and proved herself to be the queen of ball stealing and slam dunking. Anna and Diana squared off in the loser bracket with Anna edging Diana in the final seconds.
