 A huge thank you goes out to washingtonstatecowboy for editing and overall help; thanks for reading and enjoy! Also, both girls are old enough to consent. 



Claire couldn't help but laugh as her friend fell and got a face full of snow. Claire and Cat, two long-time friends, were unsuccessfully trying their hand at skiing while at Whistler Resort in Canada. Now that both girls were 18, they wanted to take their first vacation without parents. When they first planned their trip, they were excited to learn the new skill but quickly realized they were really just excited to see each other. Cat, after struggling for a minute to get up, playfully glared at Claire. "Hey! You've been falling too."

"I know, and when that happened you laughed at me...I don't know why we chose skiing."

"I don't either...Hey, want to go back to the cabin?"

"Now that's the best idea we've had all day!"

Laughing, the girls headed back up to the lodge to return the rented ski gear that would most likely never get used again, but by the time they got back to the cabin they rented for the weekend, they were freezing and desperately wanting a shower. Claire would have been all for sharing one but wasn't sure how her straight friend would feel about that. So, in order to be a good friend, and to get her mind out of the gutter, she spoke up. "Hey Cat, why don't you take a shower first and I'll make a fire?"

"That sounds great, thanks!"

As she walked down the hallway to the bathroom, Claire tried not to picture her beautiful friend naked. For about a year now, she couldn't shake this strong attraction she had for her friend-despite knowing it would go nowhere. To make matters worse, their mutual friend, Crystal, wasn't there to distract. Running a hand through her curly blonde hair she decided to get started on that fire. 

Ten minutes later Claire was shivering from the cold and nowhere near figuring out the fire. So it was either sit and wait for Cat to get out, or work up the nerve to join her. 'Nothing would happen' she told herself. 'It would just be two friends sharing a shower to save time'. With one last breath, she made her way to the bathroom. But as she quietly opened the door and saw a naked Cat with water running down her smooth, Asian skin, Claire's heart started pounding and her pussy became instantly wet. For a second, she thought about running back downstairs when she heard Cat's voice. "Claire? What are you doing in here?"

Blushing, the now aroused woman walked into the bathroom and replied "I'm sorry but can I join you? I can't get a fire started and it's freezing out there..."

Cat just laughed causing her chocolate brown eyes to sparkle. "Yeah I don't care. When we get out I'll make the fire. Claire smiled her thanks, took off her clothes, and stepped into the steamy shower. The warmth of the water felt so good she sighed contently. For a minute or two, it was quiet until Claire piped up. "This isn't weird?"

"No dude, you're fine. We're friends."

"Ok." Not wanting to take too long, the girls began washing their hair but try as she might Claire couldn't stop staring at the gorgeous Filipino girl standing next to her with c-cup breasts and a toned ass. Claire wished Cat could see how beautiful she really was. After a moment, she shook her head against the naughty thoughts just in time to see Cat start to fall. Without a second thought, Claire reached out and caught the clumsy girl in her arms. "Oh my gosh! Are you ok?"

"Yeah, I'm good. Thank you!" 

Breathing a sigh of relief, Cat knew her part was over and that she should let go-but she couldn't. As if being pulled by an uncontrollable force, Claire leaned in and kissed Cat. Her brain was screaming to stop but her body was slowly giving into desire. 

As for Cat, she was too shocked to move so she just went stiff as her friend of three years kissed her. After what felt like an eternity but was probably only a few seconds, the unpleasant feeling of cold water hitting them caused both of them to jump and separate. Claire immediately blushed and apologized profusely. "I'm so sorry! I-I don't know what came over me. Y-you were just so beautiful I guess..."

As Claire trailed off nervously, Cat didn't know what to do with herself. Her heart was racing and her mind was spinning; but mostly, she just wanted to get out of there. "I-I'm going to go make the fire." With that, she got out, wrapped a towel around herself, and quickly exited the bathroom. Once dried and dressed, she tried to stop shaking long enough to make the fire, ignoring the fire building inside. As surprising as that was, Cat had to admit that it was the best kiss of her life. 'But what the hell!?' her brain screamed. 'I'm straight...right?' Groaning, she finished the fire and plopped onto the couch not knowing how to feel. When Claire came back into the room, the pounding in her chest returned. Claire looked guilty and freaked out as she spoke. "I'm so sorry Cat. That wasn't cool and I shouldn't have done it but I couldn't help myself...And I can't believe I'm saying this but I like you...a lot...more than just a friend. I think you're beautiful, funny, smart, talented, and yes, I'm attracted to you. But before I start rambling, I know you're straight and I understand if you want to end the trip." That being said, Claire took a shaky breath and asked "You uh, want a drink?"

Cat stared helplessly down at the couch and mumbled "s-sure." She then waited a minute before looking up to watch Cat make the drinks. Cat wasn't sure what was happening, but all of a sudden Claire looked stunning right now. Her tan skin looked flush all over. Her blue eyes were shining with tears that wanted to fall but couldn't; and her sweater fit tight against the swell of her c-cup breasts. But what alarmed Cat the most was not how beautiful Claire looked, but how horny it was making her. By the time the drinks were made and the girls were reunited on the couch, she was a little wet. The tension in the air was so think you could cut it with a knife until Cat spoke up. "I suppose I should be honest too...that kiss did something to me...and now I don't know what I am but one thing I do know is that I want to try that kiss again."

Claire almost choked on her drink when those words reached her ear. "You what? Oh Cat you don't have to."

"No, I want to. I feel like I owe it to both of us to truly experience this before I judge it."

"Ok..." After setting down her drink, Claire gulped and reached for Cat with a shaky hand; inching closer until they were right on the verge of kissing. Cat waited one last heartbeat before sealing the deal and placing her lips onto Claire's. The instant it happened sparks flew and bodies were electrified. All nerves faded as desire took over. Claire couldn't believe what was happening-she had wanted Cat for so long and now something was happening. But just as she was about to slip her tongue into Cat's mouth, the sound of a moan brought her back to her senses. Pulling away, she and Cat sat still until Claire said "that was incredible...what did you think?"

"That was...amazing...I thought I liked guys but no guy has ever kissed me like that."

Hearing that made Claire smile and she responded with "thanks...now I'd be lying if I said I didn't want more but I'll let you decide; I don't want to freak you out."

For a moment Cat was quiet until she softly said "part of me really wants this but another part of me is confused."

Claire nodded and took Cat's hand. "I understand. But, in my opinion, why put labels on things? If you like it, just enjoy it...if that didn't sound too pushy..."

"No not at all! I guess my only concern then is leading you on...if we do have sex tonight, I can't promise a relationship after..."

A pang of sadness hit Claire but she understood and was grateful that Cat was so honest. Choosing her words carefully, she replied "I understand. I mean yes, I'd be sad if we couldn't be together but as long as we have our friendship after, I think I'll be ok."

What Claire said must have been right because Cat grinned and took off her sweater revealing a tight, red tank top that barely concealed a lacy, blue bra. Seeing that made Claire's arousal kick into overdrive and as she gazed longingly she said "Holy fuck that's hot...if things keep progressing like this I won't be able to hold back."

Cat laughed and put her hand on Claire's leg. "Why do you think I took off my shirt? Look, I can't explain why, but I really want this...the only think is that I've never been with a girl before..."

It was Claire's turn to chuckle as she replied "don't worry about it, I'll show you the way."

The last words out of Claire's mouth were so seductive that Cat couldn't help but feel a shiver run down her spine. For a moment, it was awkward as neither woman knew how to start until Claire took charge and started taking off her clothes, starting with her sweater. Unlike Cat, she was less modest underneath wearing just a black and red bra. Next, the jeans came off revealing matching panties. By the time Claire was finished, Cat's face was flushed with arousal and her entire body felt warm; some spots more than others. After taking off the take top, she removed her sweat pants showing off quite the wet spot on her blue panties. Claire smirked and inched closer. "Mmm, you seem to be enjoying yourself."

Cat blushed and smiled. "What can I say? You're beautiful."

It was then Claire's turn to blush as she smiled and tucked a lock of hair behind her ear. "Thanks...so how do you want to do this?"

"I don't know...I'm new to this so I'll let you take control. I trust you."

Claire grinned and gently laid her body down onto Cat's, eliciting a moan from the girl. Lips were captured in a passionate kiss and movements became urgent. Claire, going with instinct, put her hands on Cat's hip before slipping her tongue into her mouth. Cat moaned again and arched her back up to kiss back even harder. Claire whimpered until finally giving into temptation. Moving her lips, she slowly kissed down the girl's neck, paying extra close attention to her ears causing the girl to shudder and growl deep in her throat. When Claire made her way down to the bra, she excitedly took it off and dove straight for the nipples. Hearing Cat's moans was a drug to Claire and she was quickly becoming addicted. Cat, meanwhile, was in heaven. Her mind had shut off and all she could focus on was the amazing pleasure she was receiving. Her nipples were hard and tingling; her pussy getting wetter. After several tortuous minutes, Claire switched to the other breast giving it the same beautiful attention. After another few minutes Cat's moans were growing desperate and her panties were completely soaked through. Sensing this, Claire sat up smirking. "You sure you're ready for this?"

Cat replied breathlessly. "Yes please, I need this so bad." 

Claire smiled and tried to ignore the throbbing of her own pussy as she slowly removed Cat's panties. Once off, she ran a finger over the outside of Cat's puffy lips and licked off the juice. The taste was so delightful Claire knew she needed more. She started, however, on Cat's hair free legs giving them goose bumps. The closer she got to Cat's dripping cunt, the more Cat would tremble until she cried out "please just lick me!"

Claire lifted her head to look at Cat and almost came at what she saw. Cat's face was red, her nipples were tight, and her hips were squirming with want. Without replying, Claire gave in and began licking Cat's pussy. Starting at the sensitive clit, she made little circles with her tongue causing Cat to moan loudly and grind against Claire's mouth. Claire had intended on going slow but between Cat's whimpers and the delicious juices, she couldn't stop. Her licks got faster and deeper, fucking Cat's vagina like a mini penis. Cat was almost screaming at this point, head thrown back in ecstasy. After a few moments, Cat's pussy began contracting, the tell-tale sign of orgasm. Wanting to drag this out, Claire stopped what she was doing and sat up. Cat instantly opened her eyes and begged "please Claire don't stop! I'm so close..."

"Oh I know which is why I'm doing this."

Without explaining, Claire shoved a finger into Cat's demanding pussy and rubbed the G-spot. The room exploded with Cat's screams and after a minute her body exploded with orgasm. Her body went stiff as wave after wave of mind blowing pleasure ripped through her. Claire kept up the pressure until Cat's body relaxed. She then removed it and felt proud of her accomplishments. Cat was lying limp on the couch, her eyes closed and chest heaving as she gasped for air. Claire was so happy she could make her friend feel good but now her own arousal was beyond desperate. Her whole body felt warm to the touch, her rock hard nipples were rubbing against her bra and the juices escaping her panties were leaving a wet spot on the couch. She squirmed, trying to get comfortable when she heard Cat say "that was incredible! Thank you."

Smiling, Claire asked "that was a good first time?"

Cat sat up, grinning ear to ear. "Yeah, it was amazing! Now, I think it's your turn."

Just the idea of Cat bringing Claire to orgasm turned her on so much she had to squeeze her legs together to hide the wetness. "Oh you don't have to."

Cat made her way over to Claire and kissed her neck, causing the woman to desperately whimper. "I want to. I mean it's the least I can do after what you did for me. And besides, I know you're aching for it."

After Cat said those words, Claire couldn't hold back anymore. She quickly took off her bra and laid back on the couch, shaking with anticipation at what Cat had in store. Cat smiled, kissed Claire one more time, and then said "this is my first time so I'll try my best but if things aren't working just tell me."

Claire was so horny at this point she'd take anything but she wanted to reassure Cat so she replied "just do whatever you're comfortable with."

Cat nodded and began licking Claire's nipples, sending shock waves to her soaked pussy and dragging a moan out of her soft lips. Cat took this as a good sign and decided to do something she had never done before. After getting into position, she began licking her friend's cunt. The taste was different and the feeling was weird but she was enjoying it; Claire was enjoying it too. Her hips were unable to stay still and her moans were getting increasingly louder. Cat kept this up for a few minutes before asking "are you ready to cum?"

Claire had never been this horny in her life. Every fiber of her being was dying to cum so she yelled out "yes!"

Cat chuckled and wasted no time in rapidly fucking her with one of her fingers. After only a minute of that Claire came hard. Her pussy was contracting against Cat's finger, juices spilling out of her, and nothing in the world mattered except the indescribable high she was riding. When she eventually calmed down, she collapsed onto the couch and tried to catch her breath. Her heart was pounding and she felt so good. That was the strongest orgasm she had ever experienced and she felt completely and totally satisfied. Once she finally recovered, Claire smiled over at Cat and said "are you sure you haven't done that before? Because oh my gosh!"

Cat laughed, feeling proud. "I'm sure. When I first started I wasn't sure what to do but then instinct took over."

Claire smiled again until the full realization of what just happened hit her. Although yes, she had wanted that for a long time, she wasn't sure what was going to happen now. No matter what, things would be different. The worry in her mind must have shown on her face because Cat asked "are you ok?"

Sitting up, Claire answered somewhat truthfully. "Yeah, I just realized we're still naked."

This broke up some of the awkwardness with laughter as the girls got dressed. But once clothes were on, Cat spoke up again. "That's not was really bugging you, was it?"

Claire chuckled lightly and replied "no, I was just thinking of us. No matter what happens, things will be different."

Claire couldn't figure out why Cat was smiling until she answered "you're right, things are going to change. But only because I think I love you."

Upon hearing this statement, Claire's eyes bulged out of her head. "You what!?"

"I know, it's shocking but, I love you...to be completely honest, I had been having feelings this whole trip but didn't know how to tell you..."

Claire's mind was reeling. This afternoon, they were skiing as friends-now, feelings were being exchanged. Finally, she settled on a thought. "I have to say, I'm shocked, especially after what happened in the shower."

Cat blushed a little while laughing. "I know, and I'm sorry. When you kissed me, the possibility of something happening became real and I got nervous. But Claire, I love you and I want to be with you...do you want to be with me?"

Claire grinned, took Cat into her arms, and answered "hell yeah!"

Cat grinned before sealing the deal with a kiss. Who knew one weekend would change everything?