 *NOTE: I want to thank Kim for her help and guidance in editing the story. Thanks Kim, I hope you all like it. *

It had been several weeks since that fateful day when Laura and Leann had kissed. Well, not just a kiss. It was quite a sensuous kiss. And not only that, Leann had taken Laura's hand under her bra... directly on her breast! This was the first time either of them had any type of 'contact' with another female, the only problem was that it was in the locker room of the fitness center where they were both members! Not only that, but one of the staff walked in on them and 'documented' the incident! Both frightened and embarrassed, they haven't followed up on it or for that matter or discussed it since.

Laura sipped more of her iced tea as she sat out on the upper deck in her favorite chair and thought of that day. It had warmed briefly enough for her to enjoy the fall weather without shivering. The trees were almost bare now and she could see into the backyards of the houses nearby. She idly used her free hand to brush a leaf from her thigh. She had nice legs, one of the features she liked about herself as a women in her late forty's. Looking at her bare legs made her think of what was hidden in those shorts she was wearing, ummm. Just some thin material and a pair of panties separated her hand from the womanhood within. 

Oh God, Laura thought, she could not get the encounter out of her mind! A day wouldn't pass where she thought of how Leann's lips felt against hers or how firm Leann's breast was or how hard her nipple was. Laura wished she could have seen Leann's breast. She can now only imagine. Every time Laura thought of that day, her body began reacting. She felt warmer even without the help of the sun, her face flushed, her stomach knotted and her nipples hardened. Laura wanted so much to further explore the... the relationship with Leann. Without knowing it Laura touched herself right on her center. Laura wondered if Leann ever thought of that day. She had to, didn't she? And if she felt somewhat overcome when she did. Laura wondered if the touch of her hand excited Leann that day or if she had thought of it afterward. Now, I'm just thinking crazy thoughts, she thought to herself. Laura was getting a little frustrated wondering if she would ever find out as her own hand reached up under her shirt and cupped her own breast... mmmmm. She didn't care if the neighbors could see anything or not, it felt good to caress herself and she liked the feeling it gave her to submit to her own desires. She laid back in the chair and her hand pushed inside her waistband...

When she was finished, Laura picked up the glass again and took a sip. Her thoughts again drifted back to that day. Leann seemed a little frightened. What had ever come over her? Sure, Laura had had kissed her, and that was freaky, but... She had grabbed Laura's hand and practically shoved it under her bra. Leann felt ashamed, almost. The touch of her close friend's hand on her breast was so delightful. She can still remember how her nipples felt like they were exploding! They have never been that hard. She imagined how long they grew under Laura's brief fondling. Even with the sensations, Leann was still troubled. Women are not supposed to 'be together.' Well, sure, sluts in movies, but not real, everyday women. That is gross. Then what had gotten into her to follow up Laura's innocent kiss with forcing her friend to grope her? 

Every time Leann has seen Laura since, she has felt so ashamed. She had wanted to apologize, but always lacked the courage. Even thinking of it now, frustrated, angered and embarrassed her. So again, Leann put it out of her mind. She didn't realize, or allow herself to realize, that her body was actually tingling, her nipples hardening, her breath quickening as a result of thinking of it again. She went inside to finish the laundry trying to put these strange thoughts out of her mind. Another week passed with an awkward, well, silence between them. Sure, they talked. Sure, they went to get a coffee. Sure, they even went to the gym. But there was this 'silence' there. Laura was just about to give up thinking there was a chance to explore when during lunch at the Deli it all changed. 

Leann, out of the blue, looked at Laura and asked, "Have you ever had a massage? I would like to practice on you if you are OK with it." Laura almost choked on her tuna sandwich! All the frustration and doubt and immediately turned into panic!

"Um, no, I haven't. Why... Are you..? Huh?"

"Yea, I am. There was an opportunity at work to take lessons on massage. I thought what the heck. The instructor said we were ready to try on someone." She didn't mention the strange erotic events that led to this question.

"Uh, sure. Don't you need a special table or something?" Laura said trying to hide her shock. She finally remembered to chew.

"Well, there is a special table and you should have one, but we can use other things. How about tomorrow after our workout? We can go to either your house or mine."

"Let's go to yours," Laura said not really knowing why.

"Ok, deal. Thanks!"

And that was that. Laura's head was spinning as she drove home in a semi-daze. Was she taking this more intimately that she should? For weeks now Leann had been ignoring her. Maybe it is just a massage. Yea, that's it, she thought, I am making a big deal out of nothing. 

Leann had been Laura's friend for years. They were about the same age, perhaps Leann a few months older. A few weeks back, Leann had gone to work just like any other day. Nothing was out of the ordinary except an e-mail from the fitness center offering a short course in massage therapy. She worked at an assisted living facility and all the clients were retired so they needed some level of care and therefore this class was directed at them. She thought she would at least inquire about it. Later that day, on her way to lunch, she stopped in at the fitness room.

Leann was greeted with a cheery voice from behind her. "Hi there! I'm Julie. I've seen you around the administrative offices, right?"

"Right, you probably have. I'm Leann." 

"Do I owe you a budget, or an invoice, or a decision on marketing materials?" asked Julie.

"Um, no" relied Leann, stammering. "I came down to ask about the massage class you are going to offer. It's open to staff as well, right? I have always wanted to know how to massage." Leann was sure she was mumbling every word. Something about Julie was affecting her in a strange way.

"Yes, it is. You are the only staff member so far that has shown interest and I'll be sending out an email to everyone this week with the particulars."

"Do I need to fill out a form or something?" asked Leann as she recovered herself a bit.

"Nah, I'll remember you. Leann, right?" Julie concluded. She winked, then left.

Ummm, was there more to that wink than a friendly parting Leann wondered? Well, that's that, Leann thought to herself. 

When Leann showed up for the first class she saw she was the only staff member among 20 residents. No matter, this will be fun. After a brief intro, Julie instructed everyone to partner up. Well, being the 'odd man out,' Leann looked at Julie and shrugged her shoulders.

"Um, well, why don't you and I be partners? I will need to walk through the class checking on the others. If that's okay with you."

"Sure, I guess so." So, while Julie was instructing the class on technique and pace, Leann watched the others practicing. Since this was a class for mostly elderly people, everyone was dressed in t-shirts and shorts except Leann who was in her blouse and skirt for work. Should she have brought a change? After a few minutes, Julie came over and lay down on the table.

"Now you try on me. You can start on my shoulders," said Julie. Leann started in on Julie as instructed on the upper back and shoulders trying to concentrate on the massage rather than the woman under her hands. It felt strange to touch another woman this way. Not bad strange, just odd and vaguely erotic. Julie suggested a few changes in technique. After a few minutes, Julie sat up.

"That was pretty good. Let me show you how it feels. Let's swap."

Leann lay down. As Julie began, Leann instantly moaned. It was wonderful. Much different than getting a 'massage' from her husband. Leann mumbled something about feeling wonderful. Just as she thought she was feeling a little tingly, Julie stopped.

"Okay, folks. That's all for today. Feel free to practice through the week. See you next Tuesday."

That was fun; I hope I can get good at this, Leann thought as she walked back to the office. The next few days flew past. 

The second class was similar to the first. Leann had a few more minutes practicing on Julie. At the end of class, Julie commented, 

"Good, we are all coming along fine."

She turned to Leann, "Would you like an individual 15 minute session with me if you have the time now? 

"Sure." said Leann. She knew somehow this offer was unusual, but she felt compelled to take her up on it not wanting to miss a chance alone with the young woman. After the class left Leann walked over to a table.

"Okay, show me what you got," Julie said teasingly. 

"I'll try," responded Leann tearing her face away from looking at the woman. And she began to work on Julie's shoulders, using her fingers and the heel of her palm though Julie's T-shirt. Leann thought she was doing well when Julie let out a soft moan. Leann noticed that Julie didn't have on a bra, but at the time thought nothing of it. Julie made a few comments on technique while Leann was practicing. 

"Yea, that's it. You have to understand what your client, or partner, wants from just how they react to your hands. Let me show you a few things."

Julie stood and motioned for Leann to lie down. As Julie applied pressure almost immediately Leann began groaning. Oh my! She thought. This is wonderful. Her body began relaxing, her mind clouded, forgetting the worries of the day. She couldn't even remember what Julie was doing until she moved to her legs! 

Leann forgot she had been wearing a skirt. Julie kneaded Leann's calf muscles for what seemed an instant and then moved to her thighs! Without a thought, Leann spread her legs a little. Taking the hint, Julie continued on her thighs. She alternated heavy and light pressure. Leann's moans were giving her away, this felt wonderful. Julie's fingers just barely reached under Leann's skirt Leann felt a strange electricity grow deep down between her legs...

"Okay, that's all for today." Said Julie, "Our time is up. I think I have another student soon. You are doing well Leann and progressing nicely. I hope I gave you a couple more techniques to think about. Have a nice evening!"

Just like that it was over and Julie just walked to her desk. Leann sat up in a daze. Huh? What? Feeling empty and not fully comprehending what just happened or didn't happen. I'm being silly, she thought. I was just in a massage induced trance. She made herself giggle and walked to the door. 

Leann turned and said, "Good night, Julie. Thanks so much. See you next time." Julie looked up and smiled, a rather impish smile Leann thought. As she walked past the front desk, she saw her name on the clipboard. There were no names after hers... she wondered what that meant and would find out soon enough.

The following week was nondescript for Leann and things went on like normal. Nothing special at work and the usual games to go watch for the kids. Yard work around the house and boring chores. Her husband was on a difficult assignment and did not get home until late, and then just fell into bed. She wouldn't have told him about Julie anyway. She went to the group massage class, nothing special again. Julie paid no special attention to her. When she signed up for her 15 extra minutes days ago, Leann didn't realize that it was the last session on Thursday afternoon before close and everyone would be gone. 

When Leann arrived, Julie was nowhere to be found. The entire fitness center was empty. Leann looked on the clipboard and saw that there had been no appointments for the last hour and a half. 

"I'll be there in a minute," said a voice from the office, "we'll be in the treatment room this time." 

Leann entered the treatment room in the back of the larger massage room and the first thing in Leann thoughts after she in there was if this was going to cut into her 15 minutes of training. Leann sat in her thoughts for a few minutes looking out the window, thinking about dinner and groceries to pick up and that report that was due tomorrow. If Leann had been listening, she would have heard the noises of a locking door. Leann finally did hear something and turned around about to greet whoever it was. 

She was speechless! Julie had just stepped into the room and was wearing only a delicate white robe, the type that are usually worn in typical massage appointments. She also had on eyeliner, mascara, and a light shade of lipstick. Leann could not shift her eyes away. She could not help but take in this sight. Leann had not really thought consciously of Julie as anything other than just a youngish instructor from whom she was taking lessons or so she thought, but then she remembered that wink. Leann looked at Julie in a different light.

Julie was, in fact, a very attractive young woman, a little taller than Leann and obviously very nicely shaped. She also had this wonderful golden skin tone and light hazel eyes. Leann had never noticed that Julie was tall, about an inch and a half taller than she was at 5'7". And Leann had never noticed that she was quite athletic looking. The belt of the robe allowed the robe to follow her lines very well. Leann realized that she had never really thought of Julie as an attractive. But now with the help of a little makeup, she was a real stunner. 

Leann imagined that Julie had been quite athletic in college and that her lean and toned body was still very much showing the attention it had received during all those training sessions. Little things like the tone of her arms and legs and the fact she was slender with nicely shaped hips, muscular legs, and a small waist made her into a very desirable package, for either sex. Leann had certainly never noticed her breasts were obviously firm, and not large by any standard, and actually quite small. Plus her legs were long and toned, likely from running. 

Julie smiled to herself because she knew she was being looked over. Leann realized with a start that her own gaze had still not shifted and that her mouth was gaping is wonder, amazement, something. She closed her mouth, but kept looking.

Julie shifted her stance and it was then Leann noticed there was a slight coloration through the robe fabric where her nipples would be... but that would be if her breasts were not sagging at all as if her nipples were high on her tiny breasts. And if that discoloration were her nipples, then why didn't the robe show any coloration for her pubic hair? Julie had curly dark blond hair, the kind that would surely create a full bush that should be visible. Leann was actually trying to imagine this young woman naked. This young woman was an almost perfect example physical fitness and facial beauty. If Leann had known the term, she would have called Julie a sporty femme or perhaps a feminine woman on the athletic side. 

All this was flashing through her head in mere seconds, but in the next second Leann felt a little bit her age. She thought she was in decent shape, for a woman her age, and after 3 children to boot. She exercised. She ate right. Leann's mind could not help but compare herself to this young woman. She was easily 20 pounds heavier than Julie and 20 years older. Her legs and butt were toned (for a late 40-ish woman) but still had a little extra. But compared to Julie's, well there was no comparison. Leann had always kept on a little baby fat on her tummy after the kids. Damn, it was hard to get off. But it wasn't that bad. She thought her tummy looked just fine in her one-piece. Leann's breasts were of no comparison to Julie's. Julies' were small; Leann's were large and full D cupped. Julie's were firm and high, probably an A. Leann's were, well, showing signs of age and while still attractive, she thought, they were beginning to sag a little. Julie's face was young and fresh; Leann's face was, well, showing signs of age as well. A few lines here and there and what about down there? She sighed to herself, sliding into a funk right in front of the girl.

"Leann? You with me? Earth to Leann!"

Leann was jolted back into reality. Unconsciously, she closed her mouth and licked her lips. This was not lost on Julie.

"I thought you would be ready for the next step," Julie said.

"Uh? What? Oh my!" Just sort of slurred from Leann's mouth. "What do you mean? I'm not really sure. Maybe we shouldn't." Again just slurred together from Leann.

"Um, the next massage? You know, using the table while your client is in a robe. What were you thinking I meant?" Julie asked.

"You just startled me. That's all." Leann managed to say. 'I guess I wasn't expecting to see you in a robe in this private room."

"Oh this." Julie said as she looked down at her robe and adjusted the belt. 

"Like I said, I thought it was time for the next phase. As you know most massages are done with the client nude and a drape covering them. You are the only one who signed up for the extra session and that's why I picked this private room so you would feel more comfortable in a smaller space. Also, the masseuse is usually in something comfortable, like this, but if you don't think you're ready..."

"I am. I am." Leann almost shouted not realizing her response had basically given away how excited she was. That, and the fact that Julie had noticed her looking... she never explained that she had a date after the session and that explained the makeup.

"Ok, where do you want to start on me? I'll just keep the robe for now. Maybe later we will use the drape," Julie said as she lay on the table. She was facing away from Leann as she loosened her belt a bit and pulled the robe down a little from her shoulders. "Leann, start with my shoulders, honey." Leann immediately obeyed as her training automatically took over.

Leann's hands were performing just as trained and as expected. She was trying her best to massage exactly as Julie had taught her in the class. She was actually quite concerned that Julie would be pleased and that she was following her training. As she was concentrating on technique, method and timing, she didn't realize that she was subconsciously admiring Julie's body. Her upper body was unusually firm and muscular for a thin girl. Leann enjoyed the way Julie's skin felt under her touch. Leann was even, subconsciously, listening for Julie's responses as she had been taught. Leann's hands alternated from massaging to gently caressing Julie's shoulders and upper arms. Leann couldn't believe the obvious strength in her biceps and triceps. Leann became entranced in the massage and also the lovely body that was receiving it. 

Even though Julie's hair was in a ponytail, Leann felt it necessary to move it to the side. And in doing so, not realizing what she was doing, Leann stroked and slowly fondled it, feeling its thickness, stroking those curly dark blond locks. Wondering if her pubic hair was as thick and rich as the hair on her head. She let her fingers drift along Julie's toned upper arms and quickly ran her fingers past her underarms feeling for razor stubble. She had a little. She didn't really know why she did it, but perhaps unconsciously wondering what Julie would look like if she stretched out with those muscular arms above her head showing thick growths of underarm hair. Oh, my God! Why was she thinking these dirty thoughts? They were so far out of line for her. She liked men, not women, didn't she? But this magnificent body under her hands was so delicious and touchable. She was not so sure of her beliefs or sexual orientation or anything when she was near this woman.
