 I knew it was wrong but when I opened the door and saw Julie standing there in the hot pink figure hugging mini dress looking like a total slut for me I had to give her that kiss even before she got inside in. Julie is a younger then me and to have such a sexy hot huge breasted girl show such an overwhelming interest in me was something I'd dreamed of for a few years. We had met the day before in the store she worked in while I was looking at all the sexy lingerie. She came over and instantly I could see her interest was more then a sale. I usually didn't go out dressed as risky in such skimpy attire but after ten years of a boring marriage and my husband out of town on a job for two weeks I was going to test the waters and see if maybe I still had it. She certainly left no doubt in my mind I had plenty of what she wanted. I was wearing a light blue halter without a bra on my 38G-cup tits and a black tight mini skirt with black sheer nylons and heels. Walking in the through the lot I got some obvious looks thinking to myself I must almost look like a hooker. My huge full tits wobbled obscenely in a bra without one and in the thin crossover top and the heels only increased the jiggle and bobbling motion about ten fold.

The lingerie store turned out to be the one and only stop I made as Julie not only made a good sale but also snuck in a sensuous few minutes of felling up my over abundant chest while trying on some brassiere'. I had often fantasized over the years about making it with another female and the urge had been growing greater lately. 

Julie is twenty-three and really hot, at my height 5-5 she also has big luscious mounds, if not as large as mine her' are still very huge 36F-cups. She had made sure while she assisted me to make casual tit to tit contact on several occasions.

I was unable to fight off the temptation to have sex with her so as I checked out my purchases I wrote her my number and told her to call. She didn't let me down and called later that night after she got off work. We nearly had phone sex and when I told her I was all alone for the next couple weeks she told me, not if she could help it!

I invited her over immediately when she told me she was off the next day and agreed to come over early....

I dressed that morning as though I was eighteen again feeling so horny wanting to impress her. I was wearing a black mini cocktail dress with spaghetti straps that was cut extremely low, actually more for someone with no more then DD-cups. The hem just covered the tops of my black sheer nylons and garter clasps. The heels I put on were 6" spiked stiletto's that laced around my ankles. Looking in the mirror after finishing my make-up I had to smile thinking that I had even out did the hooker look from the day before. 

When the doorbell rang I was in the kitchen and glanced at the clock that read nine-thirty noting if it was her she was a half-hour early, a very good sign.

When I walked to the door I looked down at my bulging quivering tits above the low bodice and suddenly hoped it wasn't someone else. I peeked out the small security lens and it was the stunning young thing.

I opened the door seeing her smiling and taking a long look at my overly exposed cleavage she said, "Oh Sue nice to...see so much of you!" 

That did it to me and as she walked in brushing her luscious tightly clad deliciously exposed cleavage to mine I leaned in for the kiss. She reacted as I thought she might and moved a hand to my cheek holding the kiss longer then I had intended it to be. Her tongue slipped into my mouth the instant our lips touched making me instinctively suck it. I suddenly realized I was doing this with another female right in the open in the neighborhood where I as a married woman lived for over five years. Still she was so intoxicating I let it happen.

I managed to get the door closed hoping no one had witnessed my lewd lesbian behavior but not breaking the oral connection with her. We melted together Julie dropping her bag on the floor and embracing me feverishly working that slippery tongue deeper into my accepting mouth. Feeling her soft huge tits crushed to mine was even more exciting then I imagined it might be. We kissed like two long lost lovers with our hands moving over the firm curves of our scantly clad bodies. It was a wet moaning kiss one neither of us seemed eager to end as I sucked her tongue as she worked it in and out between my glossy lip covered full lips.

We were not moving from where we stood although our bodies squirmed together the friction adding to the intensity of our oral foreplay.

Moaning as she withdrew her tongue Julie whispered into my panting mouth, "I really want to fuck you Sue!"

I thought the comment was a bit strange coming from another woman until I felt her force my right thigh between hers and felt something hard rubbing against it.

She sensed what my quizzical look meant and said, "I love fucking hot women with my strap-on friend so I wore specially for you honey!"

I moved my hand between us almost doubting what I was hearing and felt between her legs to find the big hard rubber cock slipped down in the tight band of her thigh high nylon. I squeezed it and purred back to her, "well if you fuck anything like you look I think I'm going to get fucked incredibly, hmm darling!"

She smiled slyly and nodded to me with a hiss said, "fucked and fucked and fucked!"

Just then I noticed a movement outside, I didn't react right away but rather hugged Julie close rubbing my hand up and down the fake cock under the hem of her dress. I watched the window and in a few seconds I saw the figure had moved to the next window up pause and look in the corner. I could feel Julie going for my huge tits caressing them. I did not look directly at the window but I knew someone was watching us it made my heart race even more. Julie moved her fingers to my straps working the dress down off my massive tits until it was gathered around my waist. She moved her head down licking my tits all over wetly and with a feverish passion. I used this time to keep an eye out for the figure to reveal them self. I toss my head slightly more from the pleasure of her mouth on my tits then a decoy but at the instant I peeked I could see who it was!

Julie was sucking my right nipple moaning and soon licked across to my left as the figure had raised up to get a better angle. I wasn't surprised nor was I alarmed....it was my young neighbor Brooke! She had made vague suggestive remarks to me in the past about my huge chest that I always made me think she would be hot in bed but I resisted my urge avoiding a neighborhood affair. She is a cute, with a well toned figure and my guess was at least D-cups, she tended to dress sexy also maybe the same age as Julie. I would not mind one bit having sex with her but right now as a peeper I was finding her even more exciting.

I pulled Julie' face from my tits and said, "My turn honey," as I pulled the tight stretchy top of her dress down as she had did mine freeing her fat wobbly sexy flesh melons.

"Go baby suck my horny tits, I love an aggressive lover, go get them baby suck my huge jugs!" she exclaimed rubbing her soft huge tits against mine hissing her remarks to me.

I turn her profile to the window so Brooke my nosey neighbor can get a good view of me sucking the sexy girl' massive tits.

I lean over so my own giant boobs hang under me as I begin licking all over Julie' gorgeous tits. I lick them making them wet with my saliva juicing mouth taking eager sucks on each nipple but mostly licking the over abundant soft fleshiness of her sexy melons. I lift one licking the underside then the other licking it up and to the nipple then sucking on it. 

She grips my hair moaning, "Oh fuck baby you love my huge tits like I love those giant ones of your', lick my fucking hot tits baby that will get you fucked more then you've ever been fucked!" 

I didn't expect another female to talk as filthy as Julie did but it only added to the excitement I was feeling for her and Brooke watching us.

I was also using one hand to pull out the nice hard dildo from under her ultra short hem and stroke it like jacking off a man' dick. 

She moaned, "Yes baby jack off my girl-dick....oooooooh it is hitting my clit....mmmmmm.... you sex starved hot fucking slut, lick my huge tits get me boiling hot to fuck you!"

Julie let my hair go reaching under me she got each nipple of my massive dangling tits and began pulling on them tugging with perfect firmness as though trying to milk them. I was on fire sucking her nipples harder she was moaning those filthy obscene urges to me.

Obviously it was enough and she pulled me up kissing me and rubbing her wet saliva covered tits to mine she swabbed my mouth with her tongue pulling back and hissing, "I really need to fuck you baby, take us to the bedroom!"

I kissed her quickly but instead of the bedroom I pulled her hand leading her to the dining room nearby and quickly pulled off my panties. 

Julie looking at me as I leaned on the dining table with both hands wagged my round butt and sighed, "fuck me right here baby, give it to me from behind!"

"Oh yeah you want it bad hmm, you need my girl-dick in that hot pussy baby," she cooed loving the idea of fucking me bent over the table.

I picked it knowing Brooke would see us perfectly from there and the thrill of her watching was increasing my sexual energy.

Julie got behind me holding the nice stiff fake cock moved up working it in my soaked horny pussy making me shriek with pleasure biting my lower lip, "Oooooooooooo....mmmmmmmmm....oh fuck get it in baby fuck me like a whore!"

"You are my whore, my hot fucking sexy huge titty lesbian whore baby. From the moment you walked in the store I knew you'd be a hot fuck!" she sighed working several inches of the hot lesbian dick in me. Taking me by the hips she began thrusting and fucking me pumping that delicious cock in me thrusting so her stomach and velvety thighs banged against me. I was lost in the moment thrusting back into her fuck pumping. My head tossed enjoying this assault on my pussy more then any man had ever fucked me. Moaning and calling for her to fuck me more and more Julie was up to it thrusting and fucking me hard. She was moaning as loud as I was making me wonder how she was getting pleasure from this lesbian fucking. She moaned loud saying she was going to cum.

I collected myself for a moment and panted, "Honey, how can you cum using this fake cock on me?"

She moaned back to me, "It is banging my clit, it is designed to do it I've never used this one before....ohhhhhhhhhhhh fuck....fuck I'm going to cum!"

I looked to the window turning my head quickly and Brooke was looking right at us but she would not know I saw her I rolled my eyes up as though I had not seen her, but sneaking in another glance seconds later she was gone.

Julie went off as she said she was going to and jerked wildly falling on my back heaving into my sucking pussy she had a body rocking orgasm. I was disappointed she had cum so fast not allowing me the complete pleasure I desired. She staggered back panting from the obvious draining orgasm she leaned against the near wall sucking in her breath.

"I thought you were going to fuck me out of my mind!" I shouted disappointed at the sexy younger girl.

"Oh Sue....I....I...I've never did anything like this before," she said making me look at her with a questioning _expression.

"What do you mean?" I asked hands on my hips glaring at her.

"I've never had sex with another female and you just had me so hot I could not control myself," she confessed still panting for air.

"You...you never fucked another female, you told me you were a lesbian!" I said with a disgusted tone.

"I know I've wanted it so bad but this is..." she paused, "well I never have so sue me!" she spat the last remark at me.

"Are you going to fuck me?" I demanded to know.

"I have to go....I have to go to work I lied about being off today, I'm really off tomorrow can I fuck with you again?" she really made me mad with that admission.

I walked over to her and taking her by the chin looking her deep in the eyes I said, "I'll never fuck you again you lying bitch, get out and get out now!" I said with a commanding hiss.

"But...but honest Sue I...." she whined as I cut her off.

"No...get the fuck out and leave that dildo you fucking bitch!" I yelled at her again.

Scared now Julie rushed fixing her dress looking sheepishly at me she wiggled out of the satiny harness leaving the cock in the harness fall to the floor. She tried to get tough and said, "I'm coming back and if you don't fuck for me your husband will find out about your little nasty secret life!"

I walked over quickly and thinking fast said, "I'm not married to a man you stupid bitch, I live with female lover and she will tear you apart if she learns you fucked me, she is a jealous nut!"

I could see in her eyes she believed it, I suppose being a woman she knew other women can be insane over protecting what is their'. She turned and almost ran for the door. I watched out the window as she got in her car and left in a hurry. I also noticed Brooke at the side of her house doing some stretches obviously going for her morning run I knew she did several times a week. She was wearing a red and black spandex running suit that must include a snug sports bra since her big tits were minimized in the sexy tight top. She watched doing a stretch as Julie rushed to her car and sped off then glanced over at my house. I knew she could not see me but I moved away from the window anyway.

I was disgusted with the entire event having looked forward to my first lesbian encounter I picked up the strap-on and laid it on the counter. Pulling my dress back up over my massive tits I sat at the breakfast bar thinking how stupid I had been.

Suddenly the phone rang startling me....

When I answered it I heard immediately, "Sue this is Brooke is everything ok, I just saw a very....well a woman run from your house and speed off I know Mike is gone so I wanted to check on you!"

I wasn't surprised and she seemed to want to ignore the earlier peeping so I played along acting upset, "Oh she was just a girl that somehow took something wrong that happened yesterday...I...I...it was just upsetting Brooke!"

"Would you like me to come over...talk maybe?" she asked sweetly.

"Oh could you honey that would be so nice of you," I said almost purring in the phone feeling shivers crawl over me.

"I'll be right over," she said quickly hanging up.

I had to move fast I took the strap-on and shimmied into it wiggling the satiny harness up to my hips and just as Julie had I took the dildo and pushed it in the top band of my nylon. In place I felt the softer rubber back side fit against my clit, it made me quiver with excitement. I quickly went in the bathroom and redid my lip gloss thinking of something to explain why I was dressed like this at ten-thirty in the morning.

Just then the doorbell rang and I went to it coming up with an excuse that sounded reasonable as I pulled open the door.

"Brooke thanks for coming over please come in," I noticed immediately she had taken off the work out bra and the tank style spandex top was doing all it could to contain her full sexy tits. Her sexy round high butt was searing in the tight black and red shorts as she entered she looked at my overly exposed bulging tits.

"Umm...I....I'm only to glad to help Sue," she stammered obviously overwhelmed with the view I provided.

I looked at my dress looking down as though reading her mind, "I should explain. I bought this dress yesterday and the girl you seen leaving had delivered it this morning. She works at the store I bought it at, they offer personal alterations and she just showed up offering to do the fitting here."

I could see Brooke didn't really care her eyes were displaying total lust for my billowing scantly revealed tits, but I went on.

"She had me put it on and then the next thing I knew she was all over me, she pulled the top down and my...my..." I acted to upset to go on.

"You mean she tried to force you to have sex with her!" she said startled.

I walked over to the sofa sitting with my hands at my face and nodded.

Brooke walked over sliding on the sofa facing me and took my hands then moved in giving me a hug patting my back said, "oh Sue that must have been traumatic, the nerve of that gor...I mean girl."

The hug was nice her soft tits rested against mine and I reacted by hugging her back with my head on her shoulder. She seemed to enjoy this giving me a firmer squeeze and we held the hug not saying a thing for a few seconds.

Brooke backed up looking at me with our faces only inches apart she said softly, "I can't say that I blame her seeing you in this sexy dress is pretty...well...exciting."

I smiled a bit and said, "I....I know...there have been times....we...seem to...."

She took the bait and put a finger to my lips licking her own sensuously said, "I know what you are thinking and if it's ok I'd love to act on it?"

As her finger moved away we moved into each other and our lips met opening immediately to each others probing tongues. We rolled back on the sofa sharing the fiery kiss as Brooke moved her left hand over my huge tits caressing them through the thin material. We rotated our heads making the kiss even more erotic as our soft lips curled together my heavy lip gloss acting like a lubricant smearing with the passion of the oral exchange.

I arched my barely covered tits into her caress letting her know I wanted more and she responded by moving the thin straps off my shoulder and pulling the bodice down freeing my heavy fleshy globes.

Her lips smeared off mine and whispered, "you are so hot honey I've wanted to suck your huge tits since we met!"

I used my hands on the back of her head to pull her face into the cushy softness of my boobs cooing, "Suck them baby, suck my tits so good, I want you too!"

Broke went into high sexual speed but rather then suck them she began to lick all over my vast fleshy tits giving each hard nipple a suck as she past over it. I laid against the back of the sofa watching my sexy neighbor lap wetly over my enormous 38G-cup boobs. 

"Ohhhhhh Brooke that feels so fucking good!" I whispered letting her know I was not above being a slut.

"Mmmmmmmmm...they are so huge Sue...I want to eat them up I love your huge hot sexy fucking tits!" she cooed back as she licked them letting me know she was willing to meet my nasty verbiage.

"Oooooooooooo...Brooke do it lick my big fucking tits, suck them baby...oh fuck that feels wonderful!" I sighed pulling her face into my vast cleavage using my arms to billow them into her pretty face.

She licked up and down in my cleavage and sighed, "I'll suck them all fucking day and night Sue!"

"Oh yes get nasty on my boobs lover, suck, lick, suck baby....oh fuck....yes more!" I sighed shaking my shoulder wobbling my heavy flesh melons on her face.

I reached sliding my hand down her top feeling her big tits bringing an encouraging moan from this sexy younger hot female.

She moved to suck my right nipple pulling it with her lips, she pulled it lifting my boob from my chest and letting it flop back down slapping my ribs. She did the left one too it was amazing the sensation it brought to me.

"Baby they quiver like jell-o when they fall back on your ribs, so fucking huge I've dreamed of sucking them for a long time now!" she hissed doing it again and again.

"Ohhhhh Brooke that feels good darling make them quiver like that suck and lift them....Oh fuck!" I gasp as she repeatedly made my tits slap back onto my chest.

She sucked them so good I even lifted my tits by the nipples and let them both fall watching her _expression as the wobbled on my chest.
