 Ed came home from work and crawled into bed. "Jamie?" he whispered. "You still awake?"

"I'm awake." Rolling over I smiled at him.

"I need to talk to you."

"About what?"

"Look you know I really don't like sex, so I was thinking...why don't you find yourself a lover?"

"You want me to find a lover?" suddenly I was very awake.

"Yeah." his blue eyes sparkled mischievously, "That way I won't be bothered by your libido."

I began to laugh, bitterness dripping off my words. "So I can go out there and just find me someone to satiate my lust? How very noble of you."

"Look I'm offering you something most husbands wouldn't. You get to cheat in the open."

I rolled back over laughing harder. "As long as it would clear your conscience why the fuck not."

"Great." He leaned over to kiss my cheek then snuggled down to sleep.

Part of me wasn't surprised at all by his suggestion; I suppose I'd seen it coming. I wiped a lone tear that escaped away. The problem was my ego took a big hit.

The anger didn't hit me until days later when lay upon my sofa, reading a cheesy romance novel, dreaming of how perfect life could be with a handsome hunk of a man that was romantic and thoughtful and couldn't keep his hands off me. As I read the happy ending my head began to move in a slow shake. I closed the book and flung it down the hallway. The pages rattled through the air until the dull thud told me the book's brief flight was over.

"That prick! Who does he think he is giving me permission to fuck someone else?"

"Who's going to fuck someone else?" Beth, my neighbor and best friend asked walking in my front door.

I must have been too caught up in self-pity to notice the door opening. "I am! If I can find someone who wants my fat smelly ass!"

Beth sighed and shook her head, then went straight to the refrigerator and began rummaging for a Coke. "Since when is your ass fat or smelly?" 

"When's the last time you took a good look? I'm about 50 pounds heavier since I married that...that..."

"Lying, cheating, no-good mother fucker?" Beth supplied missing words with a smile, snapping open her drink.

For a moment time stood still as those words sunk in. "Yeah." my head dropped down and tears fell silently down my cheeks.

Beth came over and sat next to me on the couch, "So tell me what happened."

"He came home from work a few nights ago and told me I could take on a lover, since he doesn't like sex all that much anyway."

"Well isn't that kind of him. At least he's thinking about you for once."

"I wasn't shocked by it. I know he's been seeing someone else."

"Again."

Sighing I agreed with her, "Yes, again. But I thought he was interested in me up until a few weeks ago. Remember that day we worked on the garden?"

"Yeah he came home early from work and was being all sickly nice."

"Well that didn't last long. I was in the bedroom stripping and in walked dickhead. He kissed my neck grabbed my tits and then pushed me on the bed. I like doggie style so I was all for it."

"Doggie's good, go on."

"He pumped in and out a few times and then..."

"And then what?"

"And then he went limp."

Beth started laughing, almost spewing Coke out her nose.

"Beth!"

"What?" she fell over holding her side still laughing.

"Thanks a lot." I jumped up and went into the kitchen. To occupy my mind I rummaged through my cabinets looking for something I could throw and destroy.

"Jamie," she called after me. "I wasn't laughing at you."

"Whatever." I slammed a cabinet door.

"Honey, I swear...I wasn't laughing at you."

I nodded as I pinched the bridge of my nose, hoping it would stop the tears while I collected my thoughts.

"What else happened Jay?" Beth came over and rubbed my back gently. "C'mon let's go sit back down."

I let her lead me back to the couch, my voice trembling as I spoke. "He shoved me away and said, 'Damn don't you wash that thing? I can't even stay hard long enough to fuck your fat ass!' And then he went to shower."

"Fuck him, Jamie!"

"I tried. I'm too fat and smelly."

"Bullshit! You know what you need? You need a boyfriend that's always hard."

"Don't we all." I laughed half-heartedly. "And that doesn't say shit."

"That's a definite! Let's go buy you one."

"Buy me one? I don't think I want a gigolo."

"No silly! We'll get you a vibrator."

I turned that idea over in my mind, met Beth's eager eyes and then hopped up off my couch. "Yeah, let's go."

Beth smiled, grabbed my hand. Next thing I new we were off on the quest for the perfect vibrator, or at least my first one.

* * * 

Beth walked over to the display against the back wall. Her aqua eyes lighting up as she turned around calling out. "Jamie, I found it!"

I closed the gap between us looking over my shoulders nervously. "Bethy was it necessary to yell?"

"What is up with you? We've been here before." She laughed at me. 

"I know that, but I've never shopped for me before." I closed my eyes and shook my head.

"Anyway, this is the one I was telling you about. I got one of the rubbery ones not knowing you have to use tons of lube with it."

"It looks so...so...big."

"It only looks big because of what you've been making do with." Beth moved to stand behind me her chin touching my shoulder.

I lowered my voice almost whispering, "Does something like this really feel good?"

"It does, but I bet it would be better if I had someone to just do the work and let me lay there."

"Beth! Shhhh!"

She smiled through a chuckle. "C'mon. We're in an adult toy store, not Disneyland. No one cares. Too bad the rest of the world isn't like that."

I ran my fingers through my cap of mousy brown hair, casting a sideways glance at Beth. "Is this crazy?"

Hearing the indecision in my voice she relied gently. "No. This is very sane."

I let out a nervous giggle. "Ok, this is the one, but in blue."

"Are you sure? The red ones are more powerful."

"They are?"

Beth smirked. "What do you think?"

Rolling my eyes I laughed. "Why do I even listen to you?"

"Because I'm your best friend. Let's go."

I exchanged the red toy for a blue one and we proceeded to the counter.

Beth's smiled broadened as she watched me blush again while the clerk put batteries in it to make sure it worked before ringing up the purchase.

"Is that really necessary?" I leaned over the counter, asking quietly.

The clerk smirked at me, "Yeah. I gotta make sure it works."

"Won't I find that out at home?"

"Sure, but since we don't do refunds I gotta test it now."

"Terrific" I said defeated lowering my head to hide my embarrassment when the biggest butt plug I'd ever seen caught my eye in the case. "Holy shit. Beth?" I pointed to the toy.

"Damn." she let out a soft whistle.

"Who could use something like that?"

The clerk chuckled; "You'd be amazed what one can fit up there." he winked at me and turned my new toy on.

"Really?" I queried with a naive grin. "And I was wondering if mine would fit."

The clerk turned to me and smiled. "Oh, a little lube and it'll fit nice."

"Any recommendations?"

"Well water soluble is good, but natural lube is best."

"Natural lube?"

"Yeah," he said, running his tongue out along his upper lip. "Natural lube. I could show you, if you wanted."

My cheeks burned at the thought of inviting this stranger back to my place for a "nooner".

Beth set her credit card on the counter to pay for my new toy. "It's my treat, Jamie."

"Jamie, is it?" the clerk asked leaning over the counter a bit.

I smiled, biting my bottom lip nervously. "Yes."

"Well Jamie, this toy is multi-speed."

"Is that good?"

"Sure is, that means you control how soft or hard it vibrates." He reached out taking my hand and placing the tip of the toy in my upturned palm, "Feel this?" he asked, adjusting the power. His fingers began to stroke the back of my hand as he looked back to me. "This is the lowest setting."

"Mmmm, not bad." I said quietly.

"Now this is high." His hand wrapped around mine holding it around the shaft, "Feel how hard that is? I'm betting you'll like it nice and hard."

I nodded not sure I could breathe.

"There's different speeds in between, you'll just have to find what works for you."

"Seems easy enough."

"It is." He shut it off, put it carefully back in the package, rang up the sale, and then wrote something on the bag. "You can call if you have any questions or need any help."

The clerk handed me the bag and I grabbed Beth's hand practically dragging her from the store. Once the door was closed behind us, I began laughing. Beth walked ahead to the car and opened the door for me smiling at the blush still staining my chubby cheeks.

"You're still blushing!" She laughed before fanning her face "He was a hottie!" Beth licked her lips.

I glanced back to the store as I eased myself into the car. "Do you think so?" I peeked in my bag to view my new toy again. "Ok," I began as my friend slid into the driver's seat. "He was kinda cute, but is he romantic and thoughtful like the hunks in the cheesy books?"

"Who cares?" She shrugged.

I looked down at the bag, noticing a phone number written on it. "Hmmm, maybe I should call him later? After all he gave me his number and Ed told me I could find myself a lover."

"He What?!"

"He gave me his number, not the store's. Look, it's right here. Dave 76.."

"NOT THAT! Jesus, Jamie are you dense?" Beth smacked her hands on the steering wheel. "What the hell did Ed say now?"

"Oh, that's what I was telling you earlier. Ed came home a few nights ago, told me he didn't really like sex, so I could find myself a lover." I looked at her curiously, "Hello, you were all for him thinking of me for once..."

"You didn't tell me that part!"

"I didn't?" I queried, though I was pretty sure I had.

"No. He really said that?"

I nodded sadly. "Yeah."

"What a cocksucker!"

"I don't think he's into that. My guess would be he's munching carpet; probably the new secretary's."

"Who the fuck cares who he's getting it on with! The man is still dogshit for telling you that!"

"Maybe," I began. "But I don't know it might be fun to try and find a man who is romantic and thoughtful and can't keep his hands off me."

"Yeah well...." Beth shook her head as she pulled into traffic. She never finished her sentence and didn't say anything else during our brief trip home. I fumbled with my new toy, re-reading the package a half-dozen times. A smile spread across my face as began to imagine how it might feel.

The car was barely parked before I was out the door and scurrying toward my flat. "Thanks, Bethy," I said, fumbling with my key.

"My pleasure." Her words barely registered. Neither did what I didn't hear, the rattle of her keys. 

I threw open my door and push it closed just as quickly. Leaving a trail socks and shoes behind me, I made a beeline for my bedroom. Once there, I flipped my toy onto my bed, then pulled my shirt off and tossed it into the hamper.

"Two points!"

My jaw fell. I spun to see my friend in the entryway, one hand snaking up the doorframe, the other on her hip. "Beth?!" I gasped.

"I was just wondering," she began, her voice trembling as she paused, her throat flexing with a swallow. "Does it have to be a man?"

My head fell to one side. "Does what have to be a man?"

"You know someone to be romantic and thoughtful and can't keep their paws off ya."

I just stared at her trying to gauge whether it was a joke, or something more. Several seconds later, I decided to hope for the latter. I took a step toward her. "Did you have someone in mind?"

"You know Jamie, that bra looks uncomfortable." Beth chuckled walking over to me. Her hands shook as they traced the swell that was popping out of the top of the lace.

My throat was dry and I forced myself to swallow. "It is rather small."

Beth smiled sighing softly as she reached behind me to unbutton the snaps. Her eyes grew wide as my breasts pushed forward out of the sadistic tit-sling with a vengeance. They bounced and it felt wonderful to have them free.

Beth's hands cupped them before they had settled, giving them a gentle squeeze.

"No." I whispered.

Her hands stilled, "No what?"

Smiling I grabbed her shirt pulling her into my embrace. "It doesn't need to be a man."

Beth nodded, then leaned. I wanted to close my eyes but couldn't. I wanted to watch as her lips made contact with mine. A moan escaped right before our skin touched. Her free hand slid along my side, then between our bodies to my bare breast. Her thumb brushed over my nipple sending shivers through me. I gasped, opening my mouth. Her tongue took advantage at once, darting inside.

She licked the inside of my mouth, pulled back and then licked my lips. Her thumb began to trace circles around my nipple.

Moaning softly, I arched my head toward her, an invitation she accepted at once. I nipped her bottom lip before plunging my tongue into her mouth. It was like kissing a cloud of passion. It was so different from kissing my husband. There was no rough unshaven skin. Her skin was warm, smelled like honeysuckle, and tasted better.

I slid my shaking hands under her shirt feeling a rush of excitement and anxiety like a sixteen-year-old virgin. Unsnapping her bra, I ran my nails around from her back causing her skin to pop up in goose bumps. 

Beth took a step back, pulling her tee shirt off.

My breast felt naked without her touch. I reached up, cupping them, massaging them gently. It didn't feel anywhere as wonderful as her hands did.

I watched as she slid her bra off each arm. When our eyes met, and I caught her smile, I realized she was doing a strip tease for me. My eyes locked on her hands. I licked my lips in anticipation.

Beth unbuttoned her jeans, swaying her hips and slid them down. As she turned I saw she was wearing a thong. Reaching out I felt the string between her ass cheeks and gave it a tug. I released my hold giggling as it snapped against her skin. "Aren't thongs uncomfortable?" 

"Mmmm, it wasn't until you snapped it." She wiggled her ass at me, bent over at the waist and slid the thong off.

I gasped as I watched her naked pussy, glistening with dew, open before my eyes. I'd never seen a shaved pussy in person before; and Beth's was more beautiful than I expected, especially naked, ready, almost vulnerable.

I breathed once through my open mouth, then caught my tongue teasing my lips. Even inhaling through those lips, I caught a whiff of her. I closed my mouth and wondered for a moment if she could possibly taste as good as she smelled.

Beth stood up turning to face me. I trembled realizing it was my turn to strip for her. I took a step back before attempting to unbutton my jeans. My hands shook, and I couldn't seem to get the first button undone.

I was taking a second to catch my breath when I felt Beth's fingers comb my hair, pulling it from my eyes. 

I looked up and swallowed. "Beth, I don't know about this..."

My protest was cut short as Beth gave my hair a gentle tug to lean my head back as her lips caught mine taking my breath away. Our breasts were against one another and I could feel her hardened nipples on my skin.

Her lips were lush as they suckled my bottom lip in, making their way to the corner of mouth and back. I moaned raising my arms to embrace her.

Beth's hands released their hold on my hair only to slide down my arms. She groaned, finally taking hold of my hands. I could feel her trembling and that relaxed me somewhat, knowing she must be feeling some of the same things I was.

Slowly she brought my hands up to cup her breasts. They were smaller than mine, but just as soft. She ran my fingertips over her nipples, shivering.

Beth broke our kiss by moving her kisses down my neck, to my chest and then taking one of my nipples into her mouth.

"Oh. Oh God." I moaned the words out holding onto her breasts to steady myself.

Beth released her hold to begin lapping at my wet nipple. Each stroke was tantalizing as the cool air hit it and her warm mouth made it melt. She kissed her way over to my other nipple pausing before giving it the same heavenly treatment. "Don't want to make this one jealous."

I almost choked on the breath of air was I was inhaling when her mouth closed over my hardened peak, pinching her nipples in the process.

Beth let out a deep groan vibrating my nipple and I felt my knees begin to buckle.

"Mmm Bethy..." I moaned squeezing my thighs together. 

She stepped back, kissing my lips before her able hands unbuttoned my jeans for me. I watched as she slowly dropped to her knees before me taking my jeans with her. Her aqua eyes were alive with passion. She leaned, pressing her face to my crotch taking a deep breath.

I felt my shoulders clench against one another as I waited, expecting her face to crinkle with disgust.

Instead, she mumbled, "God, that's good," before closing her eyes and breathing again.

"Beth," I said, almost in a whimper. "I need to take a shower."

"Not yet," She whispered. "But when I'm done you will." With that she pushed her face back to my panty-covered muff.

Still breathing, Beth reached up and hooked her thumbs in the waist of my 'granny panties' giving them a tug. She smiled up at me before giving me a gentle push to lie back on the bed. Fear crept in at the edges of my psyche. What if she thought I smelled? I tried to get up and her hands held me firmly down. Wiggling I fought against her grasp. "Beth, please I need to bathe. You don't need to pretend."

"No," she insisted in a whisper. "You don't need to." The words were as firm as her grip on my panties. She pulled, dragging the fabric down over my pudgy thighs. "And you're not going to."

I watched as she brought my panties to her face to take a deep breath. She moaned and when her eyelids opened there were pools of aqua shimmering with lust.

She brought them to my face, pressing them to my nose. "Tell me that smells bad."

I tried to turn my head away from what I thought would make my stomach turn. "Beth, stop."

"No." She followed my nose. The musky odor filled my nostrils, and I waited to be repulsed. Yet no such repulsion came. It was just me, my smell. Why had I let him convince me it was bad?

Beth ran her fingers through my furry muff, tossing my panties into the corner of the room. I began to tense as I felt her lips press tiny kisses on my thighs, up to my pussy. She brought her head closer and moved her fingers so she could nuzzle me with her chin before burying her nose in my wetness.

I tensed as I felt her tongue trace my slit; her fingers were working on spreading my lips apart so that her tongue could plunge in. A moan escaped my lips as I felt the stiff member working its way up to my clit before tracing circles around it.

"Beth!"

Her fingers dug into my thighs, her mouth covering as much of my pussy as she could. Her moan was muffled as she licked and sucked me.

My fingers were aching as I clutched the comforter, arching my hips to meet her hungry mouth. "Oh God, Bethy!"

I heard a chuckle rumble from her, and she pulled her mouth from my pussy leaving it open and exposed to the cool air.

"Nooooo, please don't stop."

"I have to, Baby. So I can try out your new toy." Her voice was husky as she reached over, popped open the plastic protecting my new toy and let it whirl to life. I watched with lust as she licked the length of it then twisted her tongue around it.

Jealousy raged through me! I wanted that talented tongue on my pussy, not teasing a piece of plastic!

Her smile was wicked as she pulled my toy from her mouth and traced it down my neck, over each of my nipples before heading for my waiting pussy. I felt the vibrations as she traced my lips, taking her time before pressing the tip in to rest on my hardened clit.
