 Well, I'd walk her to the door, and I'd wait to see if she would ask me to come in. I would have been dropping hints all night, you know. Smile here; touch there, just little things. so I'd turn to go, but she'd grab my shoulder, turn me around and kiss me, then ask if I'd like to come in.

Wouldn't hear me complaining.

Basically we'd end up in the bedroom.

She would pull away from the kiss and begin to undo the buttons of my shirt.

Simple man's white button-up, but she'd have it off in minutes. I'd let her take her time, let her set the pace. No need to scare her off. I stop her from undoing my jeans, kiss her quickly and reach over her shoulder, unzipping her dress.

I push it down and off, and let it pool around her feet on the floor.

Anyway, there she'd be, wearing this nice bra and panties set that would of course match her dress. She tries to cover up, embarrassed, but I put my hands over hers and move them away. "You're beautiful."

Before she protests I lean over and kiss her again, my hand going to the (how convenient) clasp on the front of her bra.

I undo it and push it off of her shoulder, leaning over and kissing it. She shivers as I push it off the other shoulder.

It falls onto the floor joining my shirt and her dress.

I pull away and take in the view. It's better than I even imagined. Round and perfect capped with pink nipples. They look like they could fit in my hand. I lean over and start kissing her neck as I cup her breast, kneading it in my hand. 

She moans quietly, and I pull away for a moment. "You can be louder." she looks at me for a moment, and to prove my point I lean over and bite down gently on her neck, hearing her gasp. "That's better" I mumble against her skin.

After a moment of me torturing her she pushes me up, kisses me quickly and begins to make short work of my jeans. I let her take her time, reaching up and undoing her hair so it falls around her shoulders.

My jeans drop to the floor and I step out of them, kicking them aside as her lips and mine meet in a hungry kiss, this time things becoming a little more intense.

Her arms wrap around my back and I can feel her nails scratching at my skin.

I pull away long enough to mumble "bed" and begin moving us in the direction of it. My knees hit it and I turn, managing to have us both sort of fall onto it with me on top (she may be tiny but she could probably squish me).

I pull away from the kiss and begin to kiss my way down her chest, stopping here and there to nip at her skin. She's more vocal now, gasping and sighing, moaning my name softly.

I lower my head and take a nipple into my mouth, my other hand skimming along the top band of her panties.

She gasps aloud, and I grin a little before sucking lightly.

"Oh god..." she groans, tangling her fingers into my hair and yanking me up for a kiss.

I pull away, and lean my head forward, panting against her lips. "Do you... want me to stop?"

She shakes her head no and captures my lips with hers again, this time pushing her tongue into my mouth.

My hand trails down her stomach and slips under the waistband of her panties; her skin is burning hot.

She groans my name again, and I look up, making sure this is what she wants. Her eyes meet mine and I gasp inwardly. Her eyes are on fire.

I lower my head and kiss the underside of her breasts as my hand slides lower and meet wet heat.

One of her hands fumbles with my hair and pulls it from its bun, letting it down. She arches her back, gasping as I nip and kiss along her belly button. She giggles breathlessly and then moans again when my fingers find her clit. She's wet. I can feel her soaking my hand as I rub gently.

My name comes from above me, and in my daze I lift my head up. Her eyes meet mine once more as she manages to say, "any chance I could... get you to take those off?" I grin. "Yours or mine?" and I punctuate the sentence with a flick of my finger across her clit.

She gasps, "God, either one, please!"

"As the lady commands." I reply, grabbing the waist band of hers and pulling them off, tossing them to the side.

She pulls me into a kiss. "Well someone's enjoying this." she comments wryly, noting the way I shift against her thigh from the intensity of the kiss.

Ignoring the comment, I slide down the bed and hook her ankles over my shoulders.

Without a moments pause I use two fingers to hold her open and (me too) lower my head, tasting her softly.

"Oh FUCK!" she gasps aloud, arching her hips.

"Someone's enjoying this." I mumble as I begin to lick softly, enjoying the way she tastes. Bitter but with just a tiny hint of sweet. I moan softly and move up to lap at her clit, sliding a finger inside. "Fuck you're tight." I groan as I begin to move in and out of her.

"Oh goooooddddd..." her moans and gasps are getting louder, and I can tell she's very close. Another finger and her hips begin to move with my thrusts as I nibble on her clit.

She's chanting my name now, gasping and groaning. She's just at the edge, and I know just what to do to push her over.

I push one more finger into her and suck hard on her clit.

"GahohgodohfuckfuckGODDDD!!!" she comes. Hard.

I keep going throughout, drawing it out as long as possible. When I'm sure she's had enough, I pull my fingers out and lift my head up.

Her head is thrown back, her body taut, but she's coming down.

I move back up beside her and stroke her hair, waiting for her breathing to slow. Her eyes open, and I grin. "Welcome back."

She giggles a little, leaning up and kissing me softly. "So the little raven likes me, huh?"

I laugh, blushing. "Maybe. Just a little."

She grins at me, and then gently pushes me back onto the bed. "Well, allow me then." she whispers before kissing me again.

Pressing her lips fiercely to mine she sucks my lower lip into her mouth, biting it softly. Her hands press my arms to my side, not roughly, but just enough to let me know she wants to take control. Slowly her lips lead mine, tracing down my neck, and leaving stinging bites along the way.

I gasp and arch into her, digging my hands into her shoulders. I groan, and she chuckles; it vibrates against my skin.

"Like that, do you?" her voice is low and rough, sending shivers down my spine.

I can barely manage words, but I get out, "um, you don't have to..."

She shakes her head and before I can say anything more kisses me again, this time biting down a little harder on my lower lip.

I gasp, my hips jutting forward against her thigh, and she laughs. "Someone's eager." 

"God, please..." I beg.

"Please what?" she asks, running her hands over my chest.

"Gah, there! Please!"

"You're going to have to be more specific than that." she teases, lightly cupping my breasts and teasing my nipples with her thumbs.

"Godddd..." I grab her hands and squeeze them, showing her exactly what I want her to do.

"Sweetie, all you had to do was ask." she says before she lowers her head and sucks at my pulse-point, beginning to knead my breasts.

Electricity is running up and down my spine and I thrust my hips unconsciously, trying to find some kind of relief. After a minute, she trails kisses and bites down my neck and collar to my chest. She moves one of her hands and replaces it with her mouth. 

She sucks my nipple into her mouth and laves it with her tongue. "Oh god!" I burst out, my hips grinding against her thigh frantically. She chuckles again, causing further gasps as her hand slides down under the waistband of my panties.

She pulls away, eyes a little wide.

"w-what?" I ask, trying to gage the look in her eyes.

"You do like me. A lot." to prove her point she gently slides her hand down and flicks her finger over my clit. "You're wet."

"FUCK!" I burst out, and she laughs. "And more than I little frustrated, I'd wager. Anything I could do to remedy that?"

I nod eagerly, thrusting my hips against her hand. Without another word she slides my panties off and onto the floor.

One arm slides under my back to support me and lifts just a tiny bit, while her hand between my thighs slips up and rubs over my clit. Her hand moves a little lower, and a fingertip slowly pushes into me.

I let out a tiny whimper and thrust my hips, pushing her finger all the way in. "ohhhh..." I moan, beginning to grind my hips.

She meets each of my thrusts and lowers her head to my shoulder. With each thrust she nips a little harder, and harder. Soon I can feel her teeth sinking into my skin, and I moan her name.

Three fingers and I can feel I'm close. Her hair is brushing over my skin and adding to the whole sensation of her filling me. 

Finally, just when I think I can't take anymore and am about to come, she stops. "WHAT?!" I howl, horrified.

"this." she murmurs against my skin. She bites down, hard, and I feel her drawing blood at same time she pushes all three fingers into me.

"OH GOD!" I scream, howling into the room as I come the hardest I've ever in my life. A few moments later, I collapse onto the bed, trembling and panting.

She moves her hand and tenderly kisses the bite mark, waiting for me to calm down.

I open my eyes to see her resting her chin on my chest, looking up at me with that pout (you know what one, where she sticks her upper lip put a little).

"Did I hurt you?" she asks. I nod, and she blushes. "Sorry. I don't know what came over me."

I shrug, "I wasn't complaining one bit, trust Me." she lets out a relieved sigh and settles next to me, closing her eyes.

Within a few minutes her breathing is deep and even, telling me she's asleep. I lay there and watch her for a little while, keeping the image imprinted in my mind.

Finally, not long after, I fall asleep too.