 It was nearing midnight as I pulled around the corner, parked and then put the top up to the car. As I walked away, I set the alarm and glanced around when it was set. Sometimes I've hated those alarm noises, seeming like intrusions in the night. But in this case, the neighborhood and all, it was a necessary precaution.

There were a few couples leaning up against the building in various heights of passion. A man dressed in leather chaps with a naked ass walked by me and tipped his leather cap as if to say hello. In the darkened alley I smiled back at him.

When I got to the front door of the club, I showed the doorman my "key card" and he opened the foyer door to allow me entrance. The loud bass of Nine Inch Nails was blaring out of speakers that hung from every corner in the room. There were hundreds of men and womyn dancing to the hypnotic beat. Most were dressed in Gothic attire, some were barely clad at all. There were many piercings and even a few mohawks from another era. The sweet smell of pot permeated the air and as I made my way thru the crowd to the bar I caught an occasional whiff of amyl nitrate. Talk about a blast from the past.

Once at the bar I motioned for the bartender. I had to wait at least 10 minutes before she made her way over to me. I yelled for a cosmo and she smiled and returned to the mixing station. As she poured I took another look around the room, just as I turned to the right, I caught a tall statuesque redhead giving me the once over. I adjusted my strap so she could see I was packing and let a small smile appear just in the corner of my mouth. I watched as she slinked on over, running her tongue over her lips with each stride. I heard the bartender say, "that will be $6.50, and I handed her a ten spot and walked nearer to my luscious find. She and I met midway on the dance floor. The gyrating bodies around us added to the sexual friction. I took my goblet and raised it to her lips and she drank from it, leaving the dark color of her black lipstick around the rim. I ran my tongue around the rim after her, and then drank it all in one swallow.

I felt her move her hands to my bulging crotch and I moved my leg in between her legs, pushing them apart. I felt her tugging on my toy and she smiled and started to move up and down on my extended leg. The music changed to the cocteau twins and the place became a wild scene with bodies everywhere jumping up and down, but my vixen was moving slowly, sensuously, riding my leg...rubbing up and down. I grabbed her waist with one hand and she threw her head back. I kissed her neck, almost biting as my teeth raked across her flesh. I felt her throat muscles as she laughed a deep low primal sound. Again I tried to bite her, this time I felt as her other hand came plunging down into my pants and stroking the top of the phallic toy. I pumped my pelvis into her, pushing in and then pulling away.

She smiled and suggested that maybe we should go elsewhere, to which I agreed. I told her my car was around the corner. She grabbed my hand and led me to the bar where she ordered 2 more cosmos and we headed towards the door. I thought the bouncer would have stopped us with our drinks but he actually looked the other way when we approached. blindly he opened the door as we stepped into the cool night air. She was dressed in black satin, a lengthy dress just below her knees, with a slit that found its way to her ass. It was T strapped and one strap feel down upon her arm. She had a tattoo of a whip on the left side of her chest, just above her breast, but below the collar bone. She stood about 5ft 8" in spiked heels. As we walked thru the darkened alley she asked me if I cared to smoke. before she could utter another word I reached into my pocket and pulled out a blunt. Again I heard her laughter, it was seductive and somehow sinister and it drew me in to her like a moth to a flame. When we rounded the corner I hit the keyless beeper and she smiled when she saw the car. I opened her door for her and helped her get into the Z3.

I watched as her dress inched up to her thighs revealing long slender bare legs. She caught me staring and asked me if there was anything there I liked that she could help me with. I smiled and quickly got into the car. We smoked as I drove towards Twin Peaks. The fog was just coming in as we did the zig zag approach to the crest. Just as we pulled into the parking lot, she slipped her hand into my pants, bringing a finger up slowly under the base of the dildo touching my clit. I almost drove over the edge, having to slam on the brakes as we hit the curb. She laughed and smiled again. I laughed with her. She then unzipped my pants, letting the head of the phallus spring to life. She leaned down and started sucking on the very tip, then with long slow licks up the shaft, and then down the other side.

I was growing hotter watching her, seeing her body pumped on the toy in my pants. I felt her fingers toying with my wetness and I grabbed her ass as it moved up and down in the seat. When I could stand it no more, I pushed her away from me and stood to get out of the car. I pulled her from the sporty and laid her back down on the rear of the car. I watched as she slid her dress up to expose her naked belly and furry patch. I knelt to the ground before her and buried my face in her scented pouch. My tongue flew inside of her and I heard her gasp. My hands grabbed at her ass and pulled her cheeks apart and then slipped a finger so sweetly into her brown pearl. Again she rocked and moaned in my ear. The night air was cold on my ass as I knelt there in the blacktop with my tongue flailing wild on her clit.

She started to beg me, saying she needed me, but still I stayed locked into her, feeling as she reeled and bucked into my face. I slipped 2 fingers into her wet and almost came full myself. She was heaven to touch and I wanted so much more from her. When I thought she had begged me good, I stood up and threw her legs up against my shoulders and pushed the head of the dildo into her slowly. She begged still more, asking me to take her hard. I pushed all the way into her and then pulled out suddenly from her suctioning grip. Again I drove hard into her, listening to the sounds from her throat. My body ached as I dove into her time and time again. She was smiling and moaning, sometimes her face contorted, all the while calling me daddy. I was standing on my toes trying to reach her as she pulled her body from me with the last few strokes.

I took the dildo out of her and replaced the wide toy with 2 fingers. She moved closer to me once again and I felt the swolleness of her labia as I pushed inside. Her legs found the pavement and soon her fingers found me. I arched as I filled her hand with my sweet liquid, and she filled mine with hers. I felt her mouth sucking on my neck, bringing up welts of joy. I kissed her neck and let my teeth sink in a little deeper. I heard her cry out," O. Cary," driving me wilder with passion. Just then the sound of another car winding the bend was heard and I moved with her into the shadows of the night. She pulled her dress down and I pulled up my slacks. A limo with Asian tourists stopped to admire the view. I pointed to a star and told my date it belonged to her. She laughed again and I held the door for her. she slipped inside and I drove back to the club.