 Slumped half-asleep at her desk Nina wasn't even pretending to listen to the teacher anymore, when in real life was she ever going to use any of this rubbish they were trying to teach her? 

Chewing on the end of her pen She rested her head on the window next to her while she looked out across the classroom, smiling slightly as she realised just how bored everyone else looked, well majority of them anyway. There were the usual cluster near the front who were apparently enthralled by the lesson. She looked over towards Amy and Madison, each as far away from her as the teacher could have placed them. Oh well, it wasn't as if they needed to be next to each other to communicate. It was obvious they were just as bored as she was. 

The loud thump as Madison stamped her foot and stood up jerked Nina back to reality somewhat, stopping her daydream and reminding her that she should be paying some attention. She smiled slightly as she realised what was going on, and quickly gathered up her unopened text book and tucked it inside her small shoulder bag, wondering for the hundredth time why she had even bothered getting it out, before leaving the classroom without a second glance back. 

Outside in the corridor the three girls stood side by side, each strikingly different, one with black hair, one with red and one blonde. Looking towards each other and nodding them strode off down the hallway, scattering other pupils out of their way. 

Once clear of the looming school building and in the company of some other friends Nina and Madison cuddled in close to each other, watching the rest of the group pair up, Amy with Christian and such like. There was the usual exchange of banter, the girls talking about who was the better looking, and Amy chiding Madison for her early exit from class to which Madison could only reply with a line about all publicity being good publicity. 

Closing her eyes for the briefest of seconds Nina took a moment to just feel Madison's arms around her, the way their bodies seemed to fit together. This was something that noone else had ever been able to give her, but that most of the gang were happy with. This casual touching, none of them were afraid to kiss, to touch, because every knew it wouldn't go any further between them if they didn't want it to, everyone knew that if you pushed too hard you'd answer to the rest of the gang. 

She sighed as Madison moved away, dropping behind the rest of the gang to reach for the flask in her back pack, grimacing as she took a large mouthful, but as Nina looked up and saw Amy and Christian walking away she hurried to catch up, leaving Madison to her own devices. It was almost routine, nobody is perfect, and alcohol was Madison's imperfection, but it only made her character stronger, more interesting. At least she wasn't trying to be someone she wasn't, like so many of the others at their school. 

As they entered the park Nina reached up to untie her hair, letting it blow about in the wind, it was almost a trigger for her. Here she could actually be herself, she wasn't worrying about anything, she wasn't trying to figure out who she was going to have to argue with next, and already she could feel the tension slipping out of her. With all the gang here everyone could just relax and enjoy each other's company. Some more than others. Her eyes flickered back to Madison, watching her intently, using her hair to shield her eyes so it wasn't as obvious as it could have been. Everyone knew there had been something between Madison and Amy at least once, but more and more Nina found herself wishing that she could have been in Amy's place. The odds were if she really wanted to, Madison wouldn't say no, but the hard part was getting the courage up to find out. 

Xander was waiting for them in the park, his leather jacket blowing around him slightly in the wind. Nina smiled as Dusk's face lit up and she pressed herself against him, and he wrapped his arms around her. They were such a perfect couple. 

Madison slowly caught up with them and once again came to stand at Nina's back, her arms around her waist, her on her shoulder, breath on her neck. 

"Are you coming to Gothika with me tonight?" She purred, gently kissing the side of Nina's neck. "Amy and Christian are going, I will be all by myself otherwise."

Nina pulled away slightly so she could turn around and face the other girl, her eyes roaming over her, truly appreciating her outfit for the first time that day. Her lace up satin skirt fit tightly over her hips and thighs before flaring away to her feet. Laced up tight it showed off every curve and left nothing to be imagined. The skirt was coupled with a red satin top with a delicate heart neckline, laced up sides and fantastic bell sleeves that fluttered in the breeze. Her blonde, almost white hair reached the middle of her back, almost perfectly straight apart from a few kinks and waves here and there.

Nina knew she didn't have the striking beauty of Madison, but also knew she attracted her own fair share of attention. Her deep auburn hair stopped just short of her shoulders, framing her pale face, she could easily let it fall to cover her deep brown eyes, hiding herself from view as she surreptitiously looked the other girl over. Her black, satin, flared skirt hugged her hips before falling gracefully to the floor and her tight, black velvet, cropped top encased her breasts and left her flat stomach and belly button piercing on display. 

"Of course" She replied eventually, takings Madison's hands in hers "I couldn't leave you to attract just anyone's attention could I?

--

Later that evening the gang made their way through town towards the club, the street outside was crowded with people all trying to gain entry, the air rustled with lace and velvet and leather. Gothika, the cities premium heavy metal/alternative club was pretty strict on it's admission policy. You had to look and play the part. The gang had plenty of practice. They were all dressed up, the girls just as they had been for school but they had applied more make up, accentuating their eyes and cheekbones. As they approached the door Nina slid her arm around Madison, her hand resting lightly on the other girl's ass, leaning in to kiss her. The doorman stared intently as the girls' lips met, Madison's tongue flicking over Nina's bottom lip, letting her know that it was ok to go further. 

Nina's head spun, never before had they kissed so intently just to get in! Her hand slid up under Madison's top, her other hand coming up to trail fingers along the neckline of her shirt. "Come on you two... We're in." Amy giggled, slipping a hand between them to pull them apart. 

Nina sighed as Madison pulled away, but the night was still young and she followed the others in past the doorman who followed them with his eyes, staring lewdly. 

Inside the club the air was thick with smoke and the bass pounded through them so loud Nina could feel it deep within her chest. Madison led the way to the bar, charming her way through the crowd and emerging from the crush several moments later with the first round of drinks. Double vodka on the rocks for herself, vodka and coke for Nina, vodka and lemonade for Amy and JD and coke for Christian. 

It wasn't long before Amy and Christian drifted away to the dance floor, or a dark corner leaving Nina and Madison alone at the small table. 

"Nina..." Madison began as she shuffled her stool closer to the other girl. "Do you want to dance?" She asked, placing her hand on the other girls thigh, stroking gently with her fingertips. 

Nina stammered, trying to work out where this would lead, where it would end. "Sure." She spluttered and slowly stood, taking Madison's hands in hers as they crossed the room, slipping through the crowds until they found some space. 

Madison encircled Nina's waist with her arms and pulled her close, pressing their bodies against each other as she leant in for another kiss. Finding the other girl eager and responsive she didn't waste time, deepening the kiss, her tongue finding the other girls as they held each other in their tight embrace. 

Nina's hands slowly glided up the other girl's sides, slipping around her front until her hands were resting just below her friend's breasts. Her thumbs meeting just in the middle of them, a little higher and she would be cupping them. When Madison made no move to stop her she carried on, pushing upwards and taking the firm breasts in her hands, running her fingers over the soft velvet top as she squeezed gently. 

"Oh Madison..." She breathed as the other girl's hands mirrored her actions, her nails digging into her breasts slightly. 

Both now convinced that they wanted the same thing the girls grew bolder, ignoring the people dancing around them as their hands simultaneously slid under the other girls shirt, both of them finding flimsy lace bras with erect nipples poking through. Once again they were kissing, tongues dancing as they explored each others' breasts.

"Are you OK?" Madison whispered, wanting to be completely sure that this was right, unwilling to ruin such an intense friendship. 

"Perfectly." Nina replied as the other girl slowly pushed her backwards until she felt the cold stone wall against her. 

Madison's fingers caught hold of the bottom of Nina's top, slowly pushing it up over her breasts, murmuring with appreciation as the black lace bra and the captive white breasts came into view. She cupped them in her hands, squeezing gently, the milky flesh wielding to her fingertips, Nina's nipples pressing into her palm, she just had to taste them. 

Looking up again she came in for another deep kiss, as she slid her hands around the other girl's back reaching for the clasp of her bra, unsnapping it easily before coming back to the front to push the thin lace out of the way. 

"You're perfect." She cooed in Nina's ear before dipping her head down to flick her tongue over each nipple in turn before drawing the left one between her teeth, sucking and nibbling on it softly, catching the right between forefinger and thumb before alternating. 

Nina's eyes closed slightly, resting her head back against the wall as her fingers ran through Madison's hair, holding her friends head against her breasts, wondering why she hadn't let it happen sooner. Madison's mouth on her nipples felt so perfect, her panties were soaking and her pussy aching as Madison's teeth caught her right nipple, biting down hard and eliciting a small groan of pleasure from her. 

"Madison..." She breathed, as the other girl's hand slowly reached under her skirt. When Madison's hands touched her thighs Nina's body stiffened. The fingers barely made contact with her skin as they rose up her legs. Sliding under her panties and continuing past her pussy and to the top of her legs before bringing them together inside her panties directly over the small patch of hair that bordered her clit. Hovering there, Nina could feel the warmth emanating from them and she yearned for them to fall lower, to touch her.

Gently Madison's fingers brushed against the other girl's outer lips, gliding easily along the wet skin, stroking up and down before dipping just inside, curling stroking upwards, stopping just short of her clit making Nina moan with frustration. Time and time again Madison repeated the movement, teasing her finger at the entrance to the other girls' wet pussy before brushing upwards and around the throbbing, swollen clit, never quite touching it. 

"Oh god, Madison, please." Nina panted, thrusting her hips towards the other girl, seeking to get her touch against her clit. "Please!"

Madison chuckled and slowly circled the other girl's clit, still not touching, but circling tighter and tighter. Nina's finger's tightened in Madison's hair as she continued suckling her nipples while teasing her pussy mercilessly. Her skin was flush and covered in a thin sheen of perspiration, head back against the wall, panting for breath. 

"What do you want, baby?" Madison cooed, as the circles grew tighter and tighter, so very close. 

"Please..." Nina struggled to find words. "I need.... I want... Need you to touch me... Need you on my..." Her sentence was cut short as Madison's finger flicked fast over her clit, making her moan with delight.

Madison's finger was relentless, flicking back and forth over the exposed and swollen nub, faster and faster, sending Nina's head into a whirl. 

Her other hand moved away from Nina's nipples and she buried to fingers into the soaking pussy, with each stoke she filled her up to her knuckles still rubbing her clit furiously "Oh fuck, Madison ... I'm cumming! I'm cumming!" Nina cried out, no longer caring if everyone around knew what they were doing.

"Yes," Madison urged "Cum for me, baby. Cum for me. Let it go....YES!"

Nina detonated around her fingers, her pussy pulsating wildly as her orgasm overtook her. She moaned and screamed as Madison urged her on.

"Wow..." Nina panted as the final shocks of her orgasm rocked through her, and Madison straightened up, licking her fingers clean before helping straighten out Nina's bra and top. 

"Wow indeed." She agreed, grinning broadly. "Let's go and find Amy and Christian and tell them we are leaving."