 "Kris, what the fuck get out of the shower!" My roommate yelled at me as usual to hurry up in the shower so that she could get in. This was our shower ritual: she yelled at me to get out, I took five extra minutes, and ran out soaking wet before she could flush the toilet straight to jump on her bed. Lana and I had been best friends for all three years of college. We met at orientation and hit it off, and have been best friends and roommates ever since. I am a spoiled brat, who loves to annoy her, and she is an aggressive bitch who puts up with it, together we got along fine. 

"Lana, when will you ever learn that beauty takes time, you can't rush perfection, I need my twenty minute shower!" I eventually shoot back at her, I don't even bother turning off the water because knowing her she's naked ready to jump right in. 

"You're a bitch and I hate you. Masturbating in the shower does not constitute as getting clean, in fact it's quite the opposite. I've got more hair than you and it takes me longer to wash it, therefore I should get more shower-time...correction more HOT shower time." Lana screamed through the door. I opened the door and she jumped in the shower, and I walked out. Lana was right though, she did have more hair than I did. Lana has long, curly brunette hair that she usually wears down because she thinks she looks hotter that way. 

She's right again, Lana is absolutely gorgeous. She has hazel-green eyes and full lips and seeing as how we go to school in Florida, she's always tan. Her body is long and lean from surfing, a little hobby we both enjoy and her breasts are a nice round C-cup. When we first met at orientation I was drawn to her because she was so beautiful, but her personality is a sharp contrast to her looks because as soft and shapely as she is physically she is just as harsh and edgy personality wise. 

"Kris can you come in here and bring me my razor, I forgot it," Lana yells. I know it seems that we're very close, and well we are. Most girls who live together for three years are close in the same way. Drunken nights, nudity, frat parties, bad relationships, I've seen her at her worse, and vice versa. We could totally be ourselves around each other. 

"Lana, I don't see it, do you have anymore?" 

"Kristen Elizabeth bring your lazy ass in here and look, you're not even looking! As much as you bother me, and as long as you took you could at least do me the courtesy of looking for my razor so I won't go to this party looking like a total beast." 

"Here, I don't know where yours are, just use mine," I offer her. 

"Well I have to shave my pussy too, do you care? You're going to have little brown curlies in your razor," Lana sang mockingly. 

"You are so fucking disgusting, Lana, just use it and throw it away afterwards ugh!" But in a weird way it was a little erotic to think that the same razor that trims my little blonde pussy is now providing the same service to Lana's dark twat. 

Yes that's right, I'm a natural blonde. My mother is from Switzerland and my dad is from Estonia, but I was raised in Boca Raton. People never believe me when I say that I'm a natural blonde, being over the age of nine. Well I'm 22 and the curtains match the drapes, although you would never know because Lana has gotten me into the habit of shaving myself completely. Once I tried it I couldn't go back to growing hair because it itched so badly and I just loved the way my lips felt against the fabric of my panties all day. It was like a little semi-orgasm if I crossed my legs just right. Other than being blonde, I have blue eyes, of course, and a modest chest, I'm a full B-cup but on my petite frame it looks nice. I'm about 5'3'' and I'm pretty slim, I have to be in order to steal Lana's clothes, her closet it the best diet plan ever. 

Now Lana was out of the shower and I was sitting on her bed, waiting to begin the process of getting dressed. No matter how much a girl plans and prepares, she cannot fully be decided on an outfit more than twenty minutes before departure. And this being the biggest party of the year, I had to look slammin'. 

Lana dried off her tanned naked body right in front of me, and began to apply lotion mixed with baby oil ( a little trick we learned freshman year that keeps your skin soft and glowing in the Florida sun). The glistening of her breasts and her newly shaven, swollen pussy lips was so hot, I loved watching her, and luckily she didn't mind. Lana was a free-spirit and didn't give a fuck about what people thought about her. Though we had never done anything more than kiss, one drunken night at a party, no one could deny that seeing any woman this beautiful in this manner was hot. Especially her pussy which donned a little silver bar through her clit with a pink rhinestone at the visible end. I was with her when she got it, and she swears the guy who did it slipped in a finger when he did it. I'm sure she liked it, in any case. I don't know what possessed me to do so, but I kneeled down in front of her and gave her lips a kiss. 

"Kris what the hell are you doing?" she said, a little startled but obviously not mad. 

"I'm....I'm sorry Lana but I was just...I mean after the shower and then just seeing you just now, you're beautiful, and I mean...I'm not a lesbian but I have to have you." I was surprised at the words that had come out of my mouth. I had never been so forward with her, and I don't know if the fact that this was the end of the year and we would soon be graduating and parting ways, or the lotion or a full moon or what but I was hot and I was horny and Lana was sexy as hell. 

"Kristen, we've seen each other naked millions of times, we've gotten dressed in front of each other for four years now. You've never been like this before; I don't really understand what's going on but OH"

I interrupted her by slipping my tongue in her slit and running it all the way up and all the way down again. I could tell she was mine; I just couldn't give her time to think. This was animalistic and I don't know what was taking over me, but suddenly our roles had changed and I was the aggressive one now. I sat Lana down on the bed and began at her knees kissing up her thighs. Her body tasted sweet and I could smell her sex, it pierced the air more pungent the longer I teased. I started on her other thigh and I put a hand up and began to massage her tits. I heard a moan escape her lips and she laid back on the bed falling into my euphoric trans. I wasted no time on foreplay because I could see she was turned on, her pussy was pink and ready and her lips were pink, a little swollen from the recent shaving, and her juices coated them just so. I licked her ass hole first; I licked it, and flicked my tongue across it tasting her, feeling her breathe through her body. I didn't want to lose my nerve, or lose her interest so I dove right in to her pussy. I sucked her pussy lips and licked their insides. I explored her pink folds with my tongue. Her breathing quickened and her pussy began to tense. I slowly licked circles around her clit, and inserted two fingers into her cunt, thrusting them as deep as I could. I voyaged insider her with my hand finding her g-spot and massaging it while I sucked and teased her clit. She slid further down on the bed burying my face in her crotch. She began to grind into my face, painting her love juice all over my face. She grabbed my blonde locks and pushed me in deeper, I massaged her spot faster and faster and sucked and swirled until I could feel her walls closing in around my hand. 

She was writhing all over the bed, but I didn't stop. I kept licking and teasing her and thrusting my fingers in and out and in and out of her, prolonging her cum. I licked up her orgasm and began to lick up her body. I stopped at her breasts and I sucked on her hard pink nipples. She was still shaking a bit and I didn't want her to ever stop so I stuck one hand back in her pussy and gently ran my fingers up and down the length of her slit. She kept moaning and came for what felt like ages. I stretched up to kiss her, forcing her to taste herself and she met my kiss with her tongue. There we lay, naked and kissing on her bed, running our fingers through each others hair and rubbing our thighs together. I put my leg in between hers and could feel the wetness. I moved my leg back and forth up against her pussy making her moan into my mouth. It felt so hot and wet, her pussy lips kissing my thigh... I was in ecstasy, lying here with a beautiful girl having just given her one of the best orgasms of her life. 

"Kristen, we're going to be late for the party," Lana finally broke our kiss to say. 

"No we're not Lana, its only 9:45, we've got a good half an hour before they start tapping the keg." 

"Yes but...I still haven't tasted you yet, and trust me, I'm going to..." 

To be continued...