 I waltzed into the Republican Women's Club biweekly luncheon looking drop dead gorgeous. I don't usually wear dresses on weekdays, but I was wearing one that day -- and it was expensive. My hair and makeup were flawless and I had on a pair of heels that were not very comfortable, but were essential to the overall effect.

You see, I am a lesbian in addition to being a Republican and I took the opportunity every two weeks to shatter the stereotypes about "dykes" that these stupid women carried around in their heads. Everyone in this small Nebraska town knew I was a lesbian. It's not as if I wore a sign around my neck that said "lesbian," but I had lived there all my life, openly dated girls beginning in high school and never pretended to be anything else.

The main reason I joined the club was because I knew how desperately they didn't want me there. Unfortunately for them, there was no way they could keep me out. I believe in free enterprise and own a profitable construction firm. My anger at Republican homophobia made me want to be a living proof of the stupidity of their prejudices. I wear jeans and a hard hat when I tour my construction sites, but I dressed to the nines for these luncheons. And I loved being more attractive and "feminine" than most of them.

I stopped at the little table near the door which holds the plastic name tags we put on at every meeting and pinned mine on. It might as well have said "Paula Nesbitt, the lesbian" for all the warmth I received as I took an empty chair at one of the round tables. The other women were less than happy to have me sitting with them and gave me the most perfunctory nod one could imagine. I was used to the cold shoulder, however, and just gave them my most radiant smile.

Feeling a little devilish, I reached into my handbag and took out a button which said "IMRU2?" and pinned it next to the name tag. One of the other women glanced at it. I could see the wheels slowly turning in her head and then she made a pissy little snorting sound and turned away.

I started nibbling on the usual salads as the formal part of the meeting began. The speaker was introduced by Lauren Leeman, the club's President. Lauren was an attractive woman in her mid-thirties with beautiful thick black hair. But she was the biggest tightass in the whole bunch. From the time she had become President two years earlier she had dreamed of getting me to leave, but to no avail. She was a shrill opponent of gay rights and a holier-than-everyone born-again Christian. I couldn't remember the last time she had said a word to me, but I didn't much care. The few times I had run into her and her wealthy husband socially she had totally ignored me.

I almost fell asleep hearing all about the Governor's task force on economic development. As I fetched my coat after the meeting I came face to face with Lauren and, as always, she looked through me as if I were a pane of glass. I just smiled at her and said "have a nice day." 

Two weeks later I flew to Chicago for a building trades convention. After a day of meetings and seminars I decided that I didn't want to stay cooped up in my hotel room watching TV so I decided to go out. Wanting to get out of downtown, I checked a Chicago gay/lesbian guide and saw the listing for a bar in the suburbs called "C.L.I.T." I figured that one would do. I put on a sexy outfit and, after deciding that I liked what I saw in the mirror, went down the elevator and hopped in a cab. I was pretty horny and had already decided that getting laid that night was by no means out of the question.

After a twenty minute cab ride I walked in and sat at the bar. The music was heavy and loud and the dance floor was full. There were two pool tables in the back and they were being used. I ordered a beer and sipped it as I checked out the women who were in sight. None of them appealed to me so I walked back toward the pool tables to watch for a while. There was a woman sitting at a table in the corner and I knew she looked familiar so I went closer for a better look.

It was Lauren Leeman! She was slutted up but there was no doubt that it was her. If I were a better person I would have slipped away before she noticed me and spent the weeks and months ahead reveling in a delicious bit of secret knowledge. But she had screwed me over too many times and I wasn't about to give her a free pass.

I walked up to her table. She looked up and her eyes became as big as saucers and she went pale. I couldn't believe it, but she started glaring at me as if I had done something to her. She stood up and motioned for me to follow her out of the bar.

I assumed she was going to say something, but not a word was exchanged as we walked two blocks and went into a nice building. She took out a key as we rode up the elevator and let me into her apartment. I knew she had money, but I never would have dreamed in a million years that she spent some of it on an out-of-town fuck pad. There was a kitchenette and a small table, but the main attraction was a king size bed.

She turned toward me and grabbed me roughly and kissed me hard. Her mouth was opened wide and her tongue probed deeply into mine. Her forceful kissing was making me wet.

She kissed my ears and my neck and then quickly removed my blouse and bra and moved to my small firm breasts. She licked my hard nipples, sucked them and then bit them. I could feel my pussy throbbing. She quickly took off the rest of my clothes and undressed herself.

I stepped back, looked her up and down, and couldn't hold back a small gasp of pleasure at what I was seeing. She was an absolute knockout. Big firm breasts with rock hard little brown nipples. She had deliciously full hips and a big triangle of thick black public hair which went halfway up her belly. Lush pubic hair has always gotten me hot and hers was magnificent. I stepped forward and tried to put my hand on her pussy, but she pushed me away. She led me to the bed and quickly spread my knees apart with her hands and buried her face in my cunt.

She was no beginner and she could see how aroused I was already. I was swollen and dripping wet and she went straight for my clit and licked it and swirled it and sucked on it. I squirmed with lust as she started to lick my clit with steady strokes. Then she suddenly slipped three fingers into me and started to fuck me hard. I thrashed and moaned as she brought me closer and closer and then I went over the edge and exploded into a powerful orgasm. I was bathed from head to toe in endless waves of indescribable pleasure as my cunt squeezed her thrusting hand again and again and again.

After a few minutes I came down to earth and saw that she was lying next to me appraising me with her eyes. I started to say something but she put her fingers to my lips to stop me. I reached over to touch her and she pushed my hand away. She started to masturbate and her hips moved up and down as her fingers made a circular motion on her clit. I desperately wanted to shove my face into her forest of public hair, but she suddenly turned away from me.

She reached into the drawer of the night table next to the bed. She pulled out a massive black strap-on dildo. It had a huge head and veins up and down it. She handed it to me along with a bottle of lubricant. I looked deep into her eyes and saw an incredible look of hatred coupled with surging desire. Then I suddenly knew what she wanted. I strapped on the black dildo and motioned for her to roll onto her stomach. She gave me a look of lust and triumph that I will never forget.

I pulled her ass up toward me and very slowly started to slip the huge black cock into her ass. Her powerful reaction made it clear that she was getting exactly what she wanted. She loudly moaned with pleasure and pain as inch by inch I shoved it in deeper and deeper. 

Then I started to fuck her hard and fast, slamming the dildo into her to the hilt. She put her hand back underneath herself and started to rub her clit again. She rubbed it harder and harder and then suddenly she let out a loud scream as she started to come. I had to hold her ass tightly as she started to thrash about. A torrent of pleasure wracked her body. I kept fucking her and fucking her and she had powerful climaxes again and again. Soon the repeated pressure of the dildo on my clit pushed me over the edge and I had a huge full body orgasm while she was still having hers.

We both collapsed. I was stupefied by how quickly she had aroused me and how hard she had made me come. She just lay there with her eyes closed, however, lost in her own world. Eventually we got out of bed, dressed and left. Still not a word was exchanged. She walked into the bar as if she had gone out to buy a pack of cigarettes and I called a cab and went back to my hotel. I undressed, lay down and fell into a deep deep sleep.

The next Republican Women's Club luncheon was eight days later and you can well imagine that I looked forward to it with great anticipation. I knew that I wouldn't blurt out to my table mates that I had fucked Lauren Leeman up the ass with a big black cock, but I certainly got wet thinking about it while she was up there talking. I saw to it that we ran into each other afterward and she looked right through me as she always had. I wondered, however, whether she noticed the extra gleam in my eyes.

And so it was until a month later when a note arrived in the mail. It wasn't signed and just said "Chicago July 23." I knew who had sent it and I knew what it meant. I went to Chicago and back to the bar and she was there again as I knew she would be. Things were a little different this time. She let me bury my face in her thick black pubic hair and I got her hot juices all over my face. I thought I had died and gone to Heaven. I then strapped on the black dildo and paid her back.

We met in Chicago twice more until her husband was transferred and they left town forever. I wondered for a while whether, given more time, I might have fucked the hypocrisy and bigotry out of her. Then I laughed at myself for trying to ascribe such magical powers to what was, after all, just a good hard fuck up the ass.