 Welcome readers to the latest installment of Grounded in Toronto. It is helpful though not essential to read the prior installments. 

Camille - works for international pharma company. Confident, attractive business woman in her 30's, single. 

Eleanor - well known author of lesbian themed fiction. Bisexual. Long honey blond hair usually worn up in a chignon. In her 40's.  

The flight they are on is cancelled and rescheduled for the following day. As seat mates, they agree to meet at the airport hotel and have dinner together. They discover that they are attracted to one other, and even though Camille is straight she is open minded to a relationship with a woman and is captivated by Eleanor's elegance, intelligence and beauty. 

The two of them spend a memorable evening together making love and decide to skip the flight and spend the next three days sampling the international fare in Toronto during the day and making love all night. On the fourth day they fly to London so that Eleanor can keep her appointment with her publisher.  

They spend a week in London, but not without crisis as Camille has second thoughts about her impulsive decision to stay with Eleanor in London. Eleanor is able to assuage Camille's concerns. They make plans to move temporarily to Camille's apartment in New York, and ultimately to relocate to San Francisco. 

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, businesses, places, merchandise, companies, events and incidents are either the products of the author's imagination or used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental. All characters are 18 years or older when in sexual situations. 

***** 

Chapter Five 

What an interesting three months after Eleanor and I left the comforts of her London hotel room for the hustle and bustle of New York. I was getting used to having Eleanor in my daily life and we soon settled in a satisfying routine in my Upper West Side apartment. Eleanor's career as a writer allowed her much more flexibility in her scheduled time so she typically made dinner for the two of us. My job with an international pharmaceutical company had fairly regular hours (when I wasn't travelling) so I would usually get home at 7 and dinner would be on the table. As I agreed with Eleanor earlier, I put in for a transfer to our San Francisco office so we could have a fresh start in a new city. 

I had no idea that Eleanor was also a great cook, but knowing her it was not unexpected. She truly was the most passionate, beautiful and interesting person I had ever met and I could no longer imagine my life without her. It was also a great feeling to be madly in love. I loved being in love. 

My visit with my parents at their house in upstate New York was another story. I told them that a woman had moved in with me and that we were in a long-term relationship. My father was stoic and hard to read but my mother broke down and cried. Both of my parents were conservative and somewhat religious, so to hear that their only daughter was a lesbian was a crushing blow. I didn't know how to cushion that blow. My mother went upstairs to her bedroom, leaving me with my father in the living room. He asked me a number of questions about Eleanor and about our lifestyle and I tried the best I could to answer them. He quickly reached the end of his questions, which left us both with a long embarrassing silence before he excused himself to tend to my mother. 

I went into the refrigerator and saw that my mother had bought pork chops for dinner. I decided to brine the pork chops and then grill them. I found some potatoes in the pantry and put on some water to boil. My mother finally pulled it together to come downstairs to have dinner with us. She was quiet at the beginning but then began to talk about the sons of her girlfriends in some sort of attempt to see if I was still interested in men. I told her I wasn't and she again started crying and went back to her room for the remainder of my visit. I spent the rest of the night talking (or not talking) with my dad and then went to their bedroom the next morning to say goodbye. My mother had apparently been up all night crying and her puffy eyes made me cry as well. I didn't feel it was right to apologize because I had nothing to apologize for, so I told her that I hoped that she felt better soon and that she could understand and accept my lifestyle change. I wasn't terribly optimistic. 

After a short stint in New York my requested transfer to our San Francisco office was approved. Eleanor was pleased to have a new city to explore. Neither of us had spent any significant time in San Francisco. 

Eleanor never told me about her finances, but apparently her writing career was ultra-successful. I'm embarrassed to give you the purchase price, but she purchased a two bedroom house in Noe Valley, a charming neighborhood in San Francisco, for the two of us. I offered to pay rent but she laughed and dismissed me with a wave of the hand as being silly. 

We explored the city together, first doing the touristy things such as Fisherman's Wharf and walking the Golden Gate Bridge. Then we started hitting the restaurant and night scene, enjoying the vibrancy of the city's culture. We went to the new hotspot, a Chinese restaurant featuring handmade dumplings and noodles, and then a women's only club that Eleanor was introduced to in London that had an affiliated club in San Francisco. The club, tucked away in a dark corner of North Beach, featured a world class DJ and an excellent assortment of creative cocktails. I had learned to expect that Eleanor would be recognized, and sure enough after ten minutes in the club Eleanor was surrounded by a gaggle of fans. The drinks kept flowing as friends and admirers brought them to us. We were both a bit tipsy. Eleanor was asked by some of the women to dance and I stood to the side as each of them in turn laughed and casually touched Eleanor while they were on the dance floor. 

A small modicum of jealousy was washing across me when a woman approached me and handed me a drink. 

"Here sweetheart, I think you need this." 

She was a tall redhead with long flowing wavy hair and the typical pale white freckly complexion. She was wearing a cream colored silk blouse, a short black pencil skirt and high heeled sandals. She was stunning. 

"I've about had enough," I noted as to my current condition of sobriety. 

"Honey, after seeing your girlfriend on the dance floor with all of those women you'll need more than this drink." 

"Do you know Eleanor?" 

"No, I don't. But I do recognize a jealous girlfriend. You haven't taken your eyes off of her." 

She was right. I was staring at Eleanor and not being subtle about it. I'm sure my jealousy was easy to read as well. 

"You're beautiful you know," said the redhead. 

I was flattered. Here was a gorgeous woman telling me how beautiful I was. It was also a new game for me. I've always dated men and have a basic understanding of the unwritten ground rules between the sexes. But being approached by a woman was new to me. I had fallen in love with Eleanor but had no experience in the mating dance between women. 

"Thank you. I don't hold a candle to you," I confessed. 

"Nonsense, every woman's eyes in the room are on you. They're watching us now." 

I was oblivious to that fact. But this woman had my attention. 

"I'm here with some friends, but they've already gone home," said the stunning redhead. "My name is Kasey Parker." 

"I'm pleased to meet you Kasey. I'm Camille Durand." 

We had a polite handshake, but Kasey didn't let go, but instead used the fingers on her other hand to trace up my arm to my elbow. 

"I'll bet you this is Camille's first girlfriend." 

"How did you know?" 

"It was an educated guess, given how you've been looking at your Eleanor with puppy dog eyes. Look at what a great time she's having." 

Eleanor was on the dance floor with yet another one of her admirers, now holding her sandals in her hands as she danced barefoot. They were dancing close together and Eleanor had thrown her head back laughing at something they were sharing. My jealousy was festering like a wound. 

Kasey could clearly sense the conflict going on within me. "You need some TLC right now." She put her arm around me and drew me close to her so we were side to side. We started swaying in sync with the music ... I was a bit lightheaded from the drinks ... I was thinking Kasey was so desirable ... Eleanor's eyes did wander ... I then resumed hearing the pounding beat of the music as my head was turned towards Kasey. Perhaps it was the moment. I leaned forward to accept her lips, momentarily forgetting Eleanor and thinking only of my carnal desires. Her lips were so soft, so enveloping, so moist. I was lost in them when our lips parted and our tongues met. It was raw passion. Eleanor was my one and only woman I had ever been with. With Eleanor it was love, always love. This was different. This was lust. I had never felt lust as I did when I was kissing Kasey. I was drinking from this well for the first time. 

Kasey was the one that broke the kiss. I wasn't done and was hoping for more. She went into her purse and pulled out her business card. She jotted her cell phone number on the back and then mouthed "Call me." As she walked away I saw the reason for her quick exit. Eleanor was approaching me and apparently had not seen my stolen kiss with Kasey. She was giddy from the drinks and the dancing. 

"Having fun sweetie?" 

"I was, and it looks like you were too." 

Eleanor's smile waned as she picked up on the slight annoyance in my voice. "I'm sorry honey. I thought you were OK with me dancing with some of my friends." 

"I thought I was. But I have to admit I was getting a bit jealous." 

"I'm not going anywhere. Please know that." 

"I'll be OK." And I thought I was. 

Chapter Six 

I threw Kasey's business card on my desk at work. Over the next few days I would occasionally glance at the card and remember the passionate kiss. I couldn't get her out of my head. Perhaps it was the idea of tasting the forbidden fruit. At the end of the week Eleanor packed her overnight bag and went on a short business trip to LA that would take her into the middle of the next week. As she was saying goodbye to me my mind immediately went to Kasey, but I quickly banished the thought. I spent all day Saturday tending to chores around the house and catching up on bills and e-mails. By Saturday night I had pretty much finished my "to do" list and my thoughts again went to Kasey. 

I knew that this obsession wouldn't go away. I decided to text Kasey: 

Camille: I've been thinking about you. 

Kasey: And I about you. 

Camille: Damn you. I can't get you out of my head. 

Kasey: I know. What are we going to do about this? 

Camille: I don't know. I'm in love with Eleanor. 

Kasey: But you are in lust with me. 

Camille: Yes. 

Kasey: What about some no obligation sex? We can be fuck buddies. 

That last message gave me pause. I know you are thinking "Don't do it." I was thinking the same, but sometimes lustful desires win out. Isn't that true? Please don't judge me too harshly. I've only had sex with one woman - - Eleanor. I was curious, horny, lonely and smitten. 

Camille: Can you come over tonight? 

I hit the send key and held my breath. I watched as the three blinking dots on my screen indicated Kasey was typing a response. 

Kasey: Give me a time and your address. 

I told her 10 p.m. and gave her my address. 

Kasey: There's one more thing. 

Camille: Yes? 

Kasey: I'm a Domme. 

Camille:?? 

Kasey: I want to be in control. 

I wasn't sure exactly what she meant but it sounded somewhat dangerous and very exciting. I put all thoughts of Glenn Close and the bunny rabbit out of my mind (and wasn't Fatal Attraction set in San Francisco?) and replied. 

Camille: I'm willing to try. 

It was about 8:30. I was on pins and needles until 10. I told myself over and over that this was a big mistake but I couldn't summon the courage to text Kasey not to come. I took a long shower and put on one of my favorite bra and panty sets and a blousy white linen top and shorts. 

Promptly at 10 the doorbell rang. I opened the door. Kasey was standing there in a black silk top, skin tight black jeans, and black stiletto heels. She put her long red wavy hair into a ponytail. Her top had the top two buttons open so I could clearly see her ample cleavage and her black lacey bra. She was holding a small duffel bag. Her eyes lit up when she saw me. 

"You look ravishing." 

Her compliment warmed me. Her seductive appearance did as well. 

I welcomed her in. She strode in confidently, putting her duffel bag down and then kissing me. 

"I missed you Camille." 

"And I you." I meant it. Was I really a whore? 

"Look Camille, I'm not a home wrecker. How about we move forward in a way that can at least partially assuage your conscience?" 

That was unexpected. I thought she wanted to rape me. 

"Sure. What do you have in mind?" 

"I brought my toys. How about I show you how these are all used and you can call me a sex educator? Maybe you can use them with Eleanor?" 

"I like that. I like that very much." Could I have my cake and eat it too? But did that mean I wasn't fuckable? 

"Let's go to your bedroom." 

I led her to my bedroom, now my head filled with questions instead of lust. 

She shut the door behind her and unbuttoned her blouse. She shed her blouse and was now standing in front of me in her black lacey demi-cup bra displaying her perfect C cup breasts. Now those lustful thoughts were flooding back into my mind. How was she going to accomplish this impossible feat of having sex with me in a way where I could live with my conscience? Right now I wanted to rip off her bra and lick everything that was underneath it. Then the same with those skin tight pants that I would peel off. 

"Take off all of your clothes Camille." 

I took off all of my clothes, pausing before my bra and panties, not to be seductive but because of some false sense of modesty. Kasey carefully studied me. 

"Camille, you've seriously shortchanged yourself. You are the most beautiful woman I've ever met." 

"Does that mean that we're done now that you've seen me naked?" 

The comely redhead laughed. "Of course not. It means I'm going to have to use every ounce of my willpower not to fuck your eyes out this very moment." 

I knew it. I was fuckable. 

She reached into her bag and pulled out an unusually shaped vibrator. It was shaped like a small cactus, with one long arm and one short arm. 

"Ever seen this my love?" I shook my head. "It's called a rabbit. It's for both of your holes." 

Ohhhhh. We usually don't put anything in that other hole, except an occasional tongue or errant finger. 

"Lay on your back." I did so, and in my evolving whorish fashion, unabashedly spread my legs. 

"I've cleaned this well. Now lick it." She handed me the rabbit and I dutifully licked all of it. 

"That's good, now shove it in your cunt." 

Ummmm. Dirty talk. That's not Eleanor's forte but it excited me. Not my pussy, my cunt. Yes, a whore has a cunt. 

I wasn't surprised to see that I was already a steaming swamp between my legs. The rabbit slid effortlessly into my dripping cunt. When the smaller arm hit my anus it first hit resistance, but then I relaxed and it slid in as well. I had never had this feeling of both of my holes being filled. Then Kasey bent over to turn it on. 

I felt as if she turned on a light and that my body was the bulb. "Fucking shit!" I was instantly zooming to a head splitting orgasm. Kasey was on to me. She wasn't going to make this easy. She reached over and pulled it out of my aching holes. 

"Demonstration is over," she said in a flat tone of voice. 

"Nooooooo." The void left by the withdrawal of the rabbit was almost painful. She wasn't a temptress. She was evil. 

She threw me a blindfold. "Now put this on." I put on the blindfold and of course everything went dark. I felt my heart rate double. Were we now going to get into the scary shit? 

Now in darkness I was acutely aware of my body. I felt something cold touch my nipples. Then extreme pressure. 

"Motherfucker!" My nipple felt as it were put in a vise. The pain was almost unbearable. Then it faded slightly as my engorged nipple went numb. She repeated the process with the other nipple. I responded with a stream of explicatives that would have made a sailor blush. I was now convinced I had accidentally invited Satan into my house. I heard a clipping sound and then I felt a cold chain resting on my chest. 

"That chain is to hold the two clamps together, so I can do this." She lifted the chain and pulled on the clamps, which triggered a fresh round of pain and then numbness. I was truly regretting I had saved her business card. 

I heard her rummaging again through the bag. Now my fear had transformed to outright terror. 

"I've got my favorite toy. Would you like to meet it?" 

"No." I didn't think it would be ladylike to say "Fuck no." 

"Well, I'll pretend I didn't hear that last answer. Meet Mr. Crop." I heard a swishing sound and then a sharp stinging sensation on my left thigh. 

"Owwww! I don't like Mr. Crop." 

"Well, he apparently likes you. So much so that he wants to meet your right thigh." Again a swish and then contact. I thought I had a puppy in the room and then realized the whimpering sound was coming from me. 

She then started slapping my breasts and my labia with the crop until I felt as if my entire body was on fire. I had a raging need between my legs. 

"Please, Kasey, mercy." 

"It is mercy you shall have." I felt her shove (not gently push) the rabbit back into my holes. She then turned it on. 

"OhmyGodohmyGodohmyGod," I repeated over and over as an orgasm of epic proportions was building and then cresting in my body. 

"You've going to love this," said my visitor from Hell. She jerked on the chain so the clamps pulled off. Blood rushed into my nipples and I felt a tingling sensation that was on top of my cresting orgasm. 

I cried out her name. "Kaaaaasssssssssseeeeeeeeeee," as my mind was unable to process what was happening. I was hyperventilating and shaking as the fire in my body was transformed into liquid pools of pleasure. 

As I caught my breath I complimented my satanic companion. "Kasey, that was the best fucking orgasm I've ever had." 

She removed my blindfold and pulled the rabbit out of my snatch. 

"Hopefully you were taught to clean your tools before you put them away." She stuck the rabbit in my mouth. I was able to taste myself over and over as I licked the rabbit clean. She threw the vibrator and her other toys into her duffel and zipped it up. She them put on her blouse. 

"I wish I met you first my love." She turned, walked out of my bedroom and pulled the door closed behind her. 

Chapter Seven 

I was lying on the bed, my hair was a sweaty mess and there were red marks on my breasts and thighs. I needed a shower desperately. Was I going to tell Eleanor? If so, what was I going to tell her? 

I got into the shower and pondered these questions. I'm a terrible liar and a terrible poker player. As the hot spray was washing off the evidence of my carnal tryst I decided that there was only one path - tell everything to Eleanor and hope she would understand. 

Wednesday finally came and Eleanor arrived home that evening. I had dinner on the table for her, with fresh cut flowers and candles in the middle. 
