 All characters are over 18 years old.

Any similarity between the characters in this story to real persons, either alive or dead, is purely coincidental. THIS IS A WORK OF FICTION PEOPLE!!

This story takes place Later in Gail's life after GTO. I STRONGLY suggest that you read the previous stories to understand what motivates her and how she thinks. I am currently working on the next installment of GTO -- The Beginning, but I have hit a minor writers block on how to proceed with the story. It will get there, but it is taking a little more time.

Comments are always welcome, but if you don't like something, at least tell me what the problem is. Those "If it doesn't get better, you will lose a reader!" comments don't really help. If you don't tell me what you don't like, I really can't fix it. I'm not a mind reader.

*****

"Good afternoon. Gail O'Malley's office. This is Kayla, may I help you?" I said answering the telephone.

"Yes." The female voice on the other end responded. "I need to speak with Gail please."

"I'm sorry, but Ms. O'Malley is unavailable at the moment. May I take a message, or, perhaps, someone else can assist you?"

[Silence]

"Hello?" I responded after a minute. "Are you still there?"

"Kayla, is it? Tell me, is there a young, blonde woman, early 20's standing in front of you right now?"

OK, this is getting a bit creepy -- especially since a woman matching that exact description just walked up to my desk.

"I assume that there is. So, you will patch me through to YOUR MISTRESS, and then send the woman into GTO's office NOW!"

WTF???? Who is this person, and how does she know???? I'm kind of getting a little freaked out now.

"Uuuummm, ma'am, may I tell Ms. O'Malley who is on the line?"

"No, you may not."

OK, then. It was also rather obvious that asking what this was about would only lead to further rejection. The blonde was now standing at my desk with her arms crossed looking rather smug.

"Hold please."

Gail:

'Fuck! Why did I have to go and start my own company? I thought to myself. 'Make that multiple companies.' I corrected, as I was currently going through the financials for my engineering firm, my dad's old auto shop, a VERY exclusive little club that I owned through a vague Chapter S keeping my name off the record, and a couple other smaller investments. 'I'm a fucking ENGINEER! Not an accountant!' Yes, I had accountants do all the heavy work on this, but I still needed to review everything.

"Ms. O'Malley, you have a phone call and a visitor to see you." Came over the intercom.

"Kayla, dear, I thought that I was exceptionally clear earlier when I said that I was NOT to be disturbed for the rest of the afternoon." I purred. I was in an evil mood.

"[gulp] W-w-well, th-th-th-this seems pretty important."

Knowing Kayla and knowing that she is intimately familiar with my temper and punishments, I sighed and asked, "Fine. Who is calling, and who is waiting outside?"

"I-I-I-I don't know ma'am."

"I'm not laughing Kayla, and I am not in the mood for games." I almost shouted.

"I'm sorry ma'am, but the caller refused to give me her name, but she indicated that the call involved the visitor as well. The caller seems to know you VERY well."

Hmmmm, stressing her words like that got me intrigued. "Fine. Patch the call through and send in the guest. If this turns out to be some sort of prank, you can expect a long night in the 'playroom' tonight though."

"Yes ma'am." She responded. "After this, I will probably end up there anyway." I heard her mumble before transferring the call.

Picking up the phone when it blinked, "Gail O'Malley."

"Gail dear. How wonderful to hear your voice again!"

FUCK!!

Looking up as the door opened, I saw the blonde walk into my office

DOUBLE FUCK!!

"Hello Aunt Elizabeth" I said.

"Hi Aunt Gail. Surprise!" grinned the blonde.

TRIPPLE FUCK!!

One week earlier:

The two women sitting at the café talking over lunch were definitely attracting their share of admiring glances. The older one looked to be in her mid-50's, but in truth was significantly older. Her gray hair, rather than look old, only enhanced her sexy mature look. She still kept in great shape, and her dress enhanced her figure while maintaining a conservative look. The younger was in her mid-40's with flaming red hair cur just below her shoulders. She was also dressed professionally with enough sexiness to attract attention. Those that happened to catch their eyes, found themselves looking into pools of green.

Having spent much of their lunch discussing work, they moved on to discussing news on their personal lives.

"So, it's good to hear that you aren't running my firm into the ground, now that I retired." The older one said. "So, anything else interesting happening, Heather?"

"You mean semi-retired, don't you? Well Aunt Elizabeth, I did catch an interesting case yesterday. You remember that I started picking up a few pro-bono cases from the Public Defender's office?"

"Of course. I remember suggesting it to you actually, as a way of giving back to the community. The positive reviews we got from that didn't hurt with our standing in the community either."

"Well, I got thrown a good one. It seems that the defendant is rather abrasive, and none of the regular defenders wanted anything to do with her, except to have her plead out for a deal. She refused, so I ended up taking it. The last public defender that was assigned to her case actually ran out of the room in tears."

"Sounds like you two will have an interesting time. Perhaps you should sell tickets and do a pay-per-view of your consultation with her. Maybe I'll have to stop by and watch this one. So, what's her story?"

"Attorney -- client privilege Auntie."

"Bullshit Heather. My name is still on the letterhead, so you can still consult with me on this."

Heather laughing, "I know, but it is still fun to twist your tail occasionally. Anyway, she is in town visiting a friend, and they end up going to the wrong club. Some bull dyke starts trying to pick her up and doesn't know when to back off. Words were said, and then the dyke ends up in the hospital, while my client gets cuffed and stuffed."

"Sounds kind of like it could be a self-defense argument."

"Could be, but the club was full of the dyke's friends, and they are sticking to their story. I should also mention that the dyke has 'friends in higher places' as well"

The older woman smiled a little and said, "Kind of reminds me of an incident years ago."

"Yeah, I thought it might. Especially when you find out who my client actually is."

That perked Elizabeth up.

"She is actually related to Cousin Gail on Gail's dad's side."

Two day later at the office of Fitzgerald and Associates:

Robin was seated at the conference table. She was not in a good mood. 'Stupid dyke! I told her I wasn't interested. She should have just backed off." She mumbled to herself.

"Good morning Robin." Heather said as she walked through the door.

Robin looked up and saw an older woman follow her court appointed attorney into the conference room.

"This is Elizabeth Fitzgerald. She is the founding partner of the firm. In full disclosure that will become important in a few moments, I should also inform you that she is my aunt. I believe that she can help your case, but she wanted to talk to you for a bit before she discusses her plan."

"Hello Robin. It's wonderful to meet you. Will you please go over the incident in the club for me please. I read the statements, but I would like to hear it from you personally. Words on paper sometimes miss important meaning. I like to hear the story straight from the source"

"Really not much to tell. My friend and I were in the club having a couple of drinks and talking, when this butch girl comes over and starts hitting on me. I'm not interested, so I tell her so. She keeps on going on about how good a little pet I would be. I tell her that I am nobody's pet, and I have no intention of being a pet. She puts her hand on my thigh and starts to tell me that one night with her strap-on will make me a changed woman. I knock her hand away from me and shove her back. She starts moving back towards me, and I let loose. Next thing I know, the bouncer is pulling me off of her and holding me until the cops show up."

"I see." Said Elizabeth. "Do you have any family around?"

"Couple aunts, uncles, and cousins in California. No one around here. Why?"

"What about your parents?"

"Mom left when I was 5, and dad died about 4 years ago."

"Anyone that you can stay with for a couple of months?"

"Not really. I'm kind of the black sheep of the family. Most everyone else is really religious. I like to go out and have fun. I don't think that I would get along too well staying with any of my relatives."

"Surely there is at least one relative that you could get along with."

"Well, I'm not really sure."

"What about your cousin Gail O'Malley?"

Robin looked at Elizabeth in shock. "How do you know about her?"

Elizabeth smiled. "As it turns out, Gail's mom was my sister. You are related to Gail through her father. We are related through marriage, but not blood. I know Gail very well. In fact, she spent the summer living with me when she was 18, and she has been visiting at least once a year since then."

"Oh."

So, do you think that you could stay with Gail for a while?"

"Well, she seems kind of cool compared to the rest of the family, but I haven't really talked to her in a couple of years. Pretty sure that she is just as uptight as all the others. She only comes out for weddings and funerals. I've seen her drink an occasional glass of wine or two, but she doesn't go out really. She's always so busy with her work and follows the rest of the family to church all the time. I've never seen her even show any interest in anyone either. I doubt that she has ever let loose and had a good time. She's probably never even gotten laid. In fact, I'd be surprised if she even knows what sex is!"

Unfortunately, Heather was just taking a drink from her coffee at that time. It took a couple of minutes to clean the coffee up.

Boston Prosecutor's Office:

"Prosecutor's office. Naomi speaking."

"Hello, my pet. How are you doing this fine morning?"

OH SHIT!!

"Good morning mistress. I'm doing very well today. How may I serve you?" I responded.

I hadn't heard from Mistress Elizabeth for a few years. Well, that isn't exactly true. I had seen her in court a few times, but that was business. Her referring to me as 'Pet' indicated that this was a more 'personal' call.

"Well, my pet, it seems that we have been put in a bit of a predicament by the favorite niece of one of our city council members. I am sorry to do this to you dear, but I must, in this instance, mix a little of personal and business interests."

SHIT! SHIT! SHIT! SHIT!

"Well Mistress, as you are very well aware, I will do whatever I can to help you, but I can't compromise this office -- even for you. You remember the discussion we had when you came to me about running for DA? In fact, YOU were the one who insisted on that." Oh God! My panties were soaked from hearing her voice.

Perhaps I should explain a bit. I am the DA for the City of Boston. I met Mistress Elizabeth over 25-years ago while I was in Law School. I was a submissive to one of her friends. After graduation, I became a successful lawyer, but still kept in touch. Professionally, I was a shark. After hours, I needed to let go and totally release control. Dominating the court room but submitting in the bedroom. Elizabeth came to me with the idea of running for DA. Our DA at the time was more interested in politics than justice. She was EXTREMELY clear that she expected nothing but complete professionalism from me. No favors asked, and no favors granted. She then put together a flawless campaign and used all her resources to get me elected in one of the biggest upsets this city had ever seen.

"Of course, my pet. I would never do anything to compromise you. After all, with all the work I went through to get you where you are, I would not want to throw all that away. I am just calling to see if there is a bargain that we can reach on the O'Malley case. You know as well as I do that this is a simple case of self-defense. If that bitch wasn't related to one of our council members, it would have been thrown out days ago."

"Not going to disagree with you on that. What do you propose?"

"Supervised release to an approved adult. She will move to another state and live with a responsible adult relative for a minimum of three months. The relative will monitor her behavior and teach her to be a responsible adult. If she has shown significant improvement, her record will be completely expunged. This little incident will just disappear."

My inner voice was telling me that there was more going on here than what she was telling me. "Elizabeth! The mistress and pet stops now! What are you not telling me?"

"And that is why I worked so hard to get you elected Naomi. You are too smart to pull anything on. OK. You know her aunt. Although, technically, she isn't her aunt -- more like a cousin. Robin's grandfather is my niece Gail's father's brother. You do remember GTO, don't you?"

GTO???? Mistress Gail??? Ohmygod!! Did I remember her??? How could I ever forget???? My panties just became a tsunami!! "Hmmmm, Gail? You mean your niece that came to visit you for the summer about 25 years ago?" I asked casually.

"Your voice betrays you, my pet. I'm guessing that you need to clean that chair of yours now."

SHIT!! Actually, I would probably need to throw this chair away and get a new one.

"OK. So, I'm assuming that you want to ship her off to Nevada and have Mistress Gail beat some sense into her?"

"Close, but I think beating sense into Robin would be only slightly less difficult than beating sense into Gail. I was thinking more along the lines of Gail training Robin in how to be a responsible adult."

"OK. I think we can work out an acceptable deal. I assume that Mistress Gail Jumped at the opportunity?"

[Silence]

"You did discuss this with her -- right?"

[Silence]

"ELIZABETH!"

"Oh, don't worry. I will explain everything. Gail will be more than happy. I will have her call you if she has any questions. Have a lovely day dear. I will have the paperwork for the deal on your desk this afternoon. Bye."

"But, but , but..." SHIT!

Heather's office:

Aunt Elizabeth was smirking when she hung up the phone.

"You aren't going to tell GTO until Robin is standing right in front of her, are you?" I accused.

"Why Heather, what kind of an evil bitch do you take me for?" Aunt Elizabeth demanded looking very innocent.

"The most wickedly devious kind there is Auntie. The most wickedly devious kind there is." I laughed.

Aunt Elizabeth just smiled in satisfaction.

A few day later in the Office of O'Malley and Associates:

This isn't happening. This is just a nightmare that I am about to wake up from. This isn't possible! NO FUCKING WAY!!

"Uuuummmm, Aunt Gail? Are you OK?"

NO!! I'M NOT FUCKING OK!! "Oh yes. I'm fine. It's really great to see you again Robin." BULLSHIT!! "Sorry. I'm just a little surprised is all." UNDERSTATEMENT OF THE FUCKING CENTURY!!

"Really? Elizabeth said that she talked to you about it last week."

THAT FUCKING BITCH!! "Oh yeah. Sorry, it must have slipped my mind. This has been a really stressful week for me. Anyway, let's get you home and settled in." Picking up my phone, "Kayla, I need you to take my niece to my house and get her settled into the guest room please. The first one on the right please." My room was at the far end of the hallway. 'Mandy's room' was right next to mine on the left side.

I had Robin wait outside while I took 10 minutes to give Kayla VERY clear instructions on what Robin was NOT to see at home. After Kayla left, I called Mandy and gave her a brief rundown on what was happening and explained why she needed to sleep in her own room for a while. Yeah, we were going to have a MUCH longer discussion later tonight,

Then I picked the phone up again...

Naomi:

I looked over at the phone when it rang. 702 area code. SHIT!!

"District Attorney's Office. Naomi speaking."

"Hello, my pet." Said a voice dripping with all the sweetness of a demon from the 7th level of hell. Damn. Thank God I brought spare panties today.

"Mistress Gail? Is that you? Oh my god! It's so great to hear from you again! Are you back in town?"

"No, my pet. As I'm sure that you are aware, I am very much NOT in town. I'm also sure that, given the circumstances, you are very happy that I am a couple thousand miles away from you right now."

DOUBLE SHIT!

"Oh. So, I take it that your aunt didn't give you any warning?"

"No, she didn't. I actually found out what you two cooked up when my niece unexpectedly walked into my office about half an hour ago. So, perhaps you should explain to me exactly what the terms of this agreement are."

"Of course, Mistress."

I spent the next half an hour going over everything with Mistress Gail. By the end of the conversation, I had pretty much calmed her down -- or so I thought.

"Very well, my pet. I will take care of everything here. Oh, by the way. I'm planning on a visit to my Aunt's at the end of this three-month sentence. Have you ever heard that saying 'Sex is a misdemeanor, Da more I miss, da meaner I get'? I will also be bringing Mandy. She will likely be just as frustrated as I will be. Think about us missing it for the next three months. You should plan on spending the weekend with us. You should also plan on taking the week after that off to recover."

TRIPLE SHIT!! Damn. My panties just soaked themselves again.

Gail:

OK. The rest of the afternoon was pretty much shot, so I packed up the files to take home for the weekend and headed home. Kayla was helping Robin unpack in the guest room that I wanted her in. I made sure that she was in the farthest room from my bedroom as possible. The room that we kept for Mandy (although she never used it -- but apparently would for the next three months) was right next to mine.

Mandy rolled in as usual at around 6:00. I wasn't surprised when she came in. After all, I could hear the roar from her Mustang three blocks away. I could tell that she wasn't happy. I heard her taking her anger out on the pavement as she was gunning the engine and power shifting through the gears as she drove. Fuck!

"Backyard!" I whispered as I handed her a double bourbon when she came through the door.

"Robin, honey, you must have had a long day traveling. Why don't you take a shower and relax before dinner? Kayla, please get something to drink and meet me on the patio. I need to go over these reports with you." I called out while walking through the living room.

Once outside with the French doors shut, I moved so that we couldn't be seen through the windows and pulled Mandy in for a passionate kiss. Despite her anger, (or, perhaps, because of it) she returned the kiss with ferocity. I hadn't intended for that, and we melted into each other's arms waging a battle for supremacy with our tongues. It turned out to be a draw, as usual, by the time we were interrupted by Kayla opening the door.

"OK," I said as I broke away from the kiss. "Here is what is happening. Robin's side of my family is ultra-religious and extremely conservative. They have no clue about my life here. If they did, I would be excommunicated, and I really do love my aunts, uncles, and cousins. Mandy, I really do love you, but when I come out to that side of the family, it will be on my terms. I can't have them hearing about my girlfriend and all my submissives from someone else. They would also freak if they knew about the Dave, Danny, and the other guys that we share."
