 All characters are over 18 years old.

This story takes place after a month in Boston with her Aunt Elizabeth. I STRONGLY suggest that you read the previous stories to understand what motivates her and how she thinks. For those of you reading this as a new story, sorry for jumping ahead, but I really wanted to write this now.

Comments are always welcome, but if you don't like something, at least tell me what the problem is. Those "If it doesn't get better, you will lose a reader!" comments don't really help. If you don't tell me what you don't like, I really can't fix it. I'm not a mind reader.

*****

I was going through serious withdrawal. Not a happy camper right now. Oh sure, I was having more sex now than any time in my life, but since I haven't had sex since I got to Boston, it really didn't take much. The truth is, my aunt had really taught me a lot in how to seduce men and women. I was pretty much a tomboy loner back home. I never even considered dating, or even having sex for that matter. Now, since I came to visit my aunt a month ago, I was introduced to a whole new world. Perhaps I should explain a bit.

For those of you who may not know me, my name is Gail. Gail Theresa O'Malley. GTO. If you want a detailed explanation of who I am, you might want to read my first story, "GTO". Short intro here, just the relevant info.

I am 5 feet 6 inches tall, weigh approximately 120 lbs., hypnotic emerald green eyes, flaming red hair that reaches to the center of my back, and legs that go for miles. No matter how busy I am, I still manage to spend at least an hour a day in my home gym. Personally, I think my best feature is my tight ass and miles long legs, but it seems that most guys (and a fair number of women) tend to drool over my 38D breasts. Let me tell you, trying to slide under a car with those things can be a real challenge.

Both my parents really made an effort to explain to me what they did in their jobs. I ended up having a knack for mathematics, and I would spend countless hours on weekends working on cars with my dad while I was growing up. By the time I was 10 years old, I could rebuild a carburetor practically blindfolded. Mom also taught me the basic physics of engineering in the evenings while she was working on one project or another at home. Unfortunately, mom died in a car accident caused by some stupid drunk driver when I was 11 years old, so from then on it was just me and dad. Dad made a pretty decent living on his own, but because of a really good life insurance from mom, we were pretty well set. Dad did date occasionally, but he never seemed overly interested in it. I think he just did it because I would mention to him that he needed to get out of the house occasionally.

With mom gone, I really didn't have a female role model to teach me the finer points of being a lady. I grew up more of a tomboy wearing jeans and tee-shirts and working on cars. When I turned 15, I went to work at my dad's shop on weekends and during breaks in school. I was pretty much an outcast in high school because I didn't fit in with any of the cliques. I was a girl, so the gearheads really didn't take me seriously. Obviously, I was not feminine enough for the prissy popular girls. I never got into sports, because that would take time away from working on cars with my dad. And I found the nerds to be boring. Dad did insist that I focus on my studies, and he would insist that all my homework was done correctly before he would let me help him in the shop. Truth be told, I liked doing my schoolwork, and, because of the work ethic instilled in me early by my parents, I strived to always be at the top of the class. 

It should be obvious that I didn't have many friends in high school. I was pretty much a loner. I was also usually pretty laid back until I was pushed too far. That would happen occasionally. Some cheerleader would start making comments about me, and when I didn't retaliate she would escalate the bullying. Eventually, she would go a step too far by pushing me in the hallway, knocking the books out of my hands, or throwing something at me. Big mistake! Working on cars can really strengthen you. Lifting transmissions, torqueing head bolts, and carrying engine components around the machine shop can really build some muscles. So there I would be with the crying prissy cheerleader in the principal's office. I never really got in trouble, usually just a warning about bitch-slapping her. I'm pretty sure that the principal knew what was really going on, because he would dismiss me, then talk to the other girl for a few minutes longer. The other girls would avoid me after that.

Anyway, my dad gave me a really nice built up 1969 GTO for my 16th birthday. Me, being me, I soon began street racing with it and relieving a few pretentious rich boys of their cars. (FYI, as soon as dad figured it out, he put a stop to my street racing for pink slips career). Read all about that in my firs story.

Anyway, just as soon as summer break started after my junior year, dad called me into the living room for a talk. He told me that he was proud of the person I had become but was concerned about the lack of a female role model to teach me about being a woman. He said that he had discussed it with my Aunt Elizabeth (Mom's younger sister) and they had agreed that I would spend the summer with her in Boston. No cars, no racing, no mechanics. I protested. I pleaded, I cried. I begged. All to no avail. I was going, and that was that! Dad laughed when I offered to race him for it. He politely declined, saying that it was already decided, and he was not going to change his mind. So that summer, I grudgingly went to Boston. Let me tell you, after a couple of VERY interesting confrontations during the first two weeks (Apparently Aunt Elizabeth is really good at hiding her true persona from the rest of the family) it became a really educational summer. I'm sure if dad really knew who Aunt Elizabeth was behind the classy reserved exterior she showed to the family, he would have freaked out and forbade me to ever associate with her. And this is the story of that summer.

As it turned out, Aunt Elizabeth is a bisexual dominant. She has several 'pets' - both male and female - that serve her every kink. Considering our extended family is actually quite religious and conservative, that was a real eye opener. After a couple of rough days, I agreed to give her two weeks to convince me to stay. In answer to your question, I already said that I had been here a month. Still, I was going through withdrawal from not driving. Perhaps that will explain what happened next.

So here I was. Sitting on a bench on a late Wednesday morning outside a Starbucks sipping my Carmel Macchiato and wishing I was behind the wheel of a race car. As I sat there, I gradually became aware of an argument taking place nearby. Casually looking around, I noticed that it was between a couple a few years older than me. Perhaps college age. It kind of sounded like a difference of opinion on how they were going to spend their Saturday night. I perked up when the girl said something about not wanting to play second fiddle to the races again. That got my attention. 

Another subtle look showed a very attractive brunette and a rather good looking preppy looking blonde haired guy. You know the type. He was prom king, most popular boy in high school, high status in his frat, typical entitled rich kid. She was probably about 5' 6", looked like D cups, trim, athletic, cheerleader type. Wouldn't hurt to listen a little more and see if I could turn this into something.

"Look, you know that this is what I do. Hell, you got that car of yours because of this. I expect you there as usual Saturday night!" he said.

"But babe," she responded, "you can miss one night. We've done the same thing for three years! Maybe we can have a nice dinner and catch a show just once."

"Look Mandy. You either show up as my girlfriend as usual or show up to give my that car back. Either way, you show up, or I will tell everyone you abandoned us. You know what that will do to you. I suppose you could always get new friends though. Maybe someone else can take care of you then."

With that, he got up and walked to the parking lot. I watched him as he got into a rather sweet late '60s or early '70s Corvette Stingray. I listened to the engine as he started it then drove off. 'Hmmmm' I thought. "big block. Not completely stock, but not overly built up. Pretty fast. Low 10's with a decent driver.'

Curious, I got up and followed her as she walked to her car. She took out her keys and started to unlock the door of a '69 Mustang Fastback. Now, I am not into Fords, but I have to admit a little respect for a couple of their muscle cars.

"Nice car." I said as I was walking past.

"Thanks." she replied. "Unfortunately, I may not have it for much longer."

"Yeah. Sorry, I couldn't help overhearing. If it makes any difference, I think he is an asshole."

"Yeah, he is, but not a whole lot I can do about it." She sighed.

"Maybe, maybe not." I replied. Suddenly a plan began to form in my mind.

She looked at me questioningly. Perhaps a bit of hope in her eyes. "What do you mean?"

I smiled at her, my plan to not only take care of my little car problem but humiliate a prick and add this little babe to my list beginning to firm up. "How bad do you want to keep this car?"

"Not bad enough to lose all my friends and status over."

"What if you could keep the car, keep your friends, humiliate that moron, and actually increase your status with your group?" I asked.

I almost looked in a mirror to see if I grew a third eye by the way she looked at me.

"My name is Gail." I introduced. "But my friends call me by my initials - GTO."

"Mandy." she said. "What are you talking about. The only way to do what you suggest is to beat him, and NOBODY has ever done that."

"First time for everything." I responded. "Now, it is Wednesday. We have until Saturday night to get ready. I know I don't look like it, but I can do this for you."

"Why? I mean you don't even know me, so why are you going to do this?"

"I have my reasons. Also, this will not be without something in it for me, but, when it comes to that, I really don't think you will balk at the cost. In fact, I'm betting you will be happy to pay it."

I told her I needed a shop shat could keep quiet so her (ex?) boyfriend wouldn't find out. I also went into a discount clothing store and got a pair of jeans, tee-shirt, and boots. Yeah, I'm not doing car repairs in a nice dress and heels. We drove to a shop that belonged to someone whose son lost a car to the jerk. After a bit of negotiation, he agreed to let me use one of the bays for a couple of days.

After changing into my new work clothes, I pulled the 'stang into the bay and started to see what I had to work with. Boss 429 engine. I already knew it was a toploader 4-speed manual transmission. 9-inch rear end. Yeah, I could work with this.

I went into the office to make a phone call. "Hi Bethany. Is Aunt Elizabeth available?"

"Of course, Mistress. She is always available for you. Hold on."

"Hello Gail." Auntie answered. "What do you need?"

"Hi Auntie. First off, I probably won't be home until late. Second, I will be busy Saturday night, and may not be home until late, or, if things go well, until Sunday morning. Third, I need about two thousand dollars."

"I see. May I ask why?"

"You may."

"Seriously? Oh for fuck sake! WHY?"

"I said that you could ask. I never said I would answer, but, if you want to see the pay-off, you can come with me Saturday night. It probably wouldn't hurt for you to see a little about the other side of me."

"OK. Tell me where you are, and I will send Jenn with the cash. I will also plan on going with you on Saturday. Anything else?"

"Ummm, since you want to go Saturday, you will probably want to bring Bethany and have Jenn drive you. She will probably also want to join us to watch."

"Fine."

I told her where I was and went to work.

Jenn showed up with the money, and I talked her into driving us to a local speed shop. We made the purchases and returned to the garage with the new parts. I'm not going to go into details here, but I will say that it is amazing what someone who knows what they are doing can do with the right bolt-on parts.

No, I didn't make it home that night. In fact, I didn't get home until Thursday night. Late Friday morning, I had Jenn take me back to the shop. After finishing up a couple minor issues, Mandy and I took her car out to a deserted road to run some tests. Mandy drove OK, but not spectacularly. We ran a few more runs as I gave her some tips. She did improve, but not enough. 

Finally, I suggested, "Mandy, I understand that this is your car, but I think that, perhaps, you should let me race it for this."

"And what makes you think you can do better than me?"

"Mandy, not only am I an awesome mechanic, but I am actually also a professional drag racer. Now, I know that you have no reason to believe me, but how about if you let me make one pass down this road and prove it to you?"

She wasn't overly thrilled about it, but the hope that I gave her convinced her to let me try. One pass. That's all it took. The plan was coming together. Everything was set.

"OK, Gail. Don't get me wrong here, because I really do appreciate what you've done, but I'm smart enough to know that nothing is free in this world. What's your angle? What do you get out of this?"

Yeeaaahhh. I was wondering when that question would come up. Truthfully, I was expecting it a lot sooner. "Fair question, but the answer is a little more complicated. Tell you what, how about we go back to my Aunt's house, have a glass or two of wine, and I will tell you why I am doing this and what I am hoping to get out of it."

We got back to Auntie's place and sat in the living room with a bottle of wine and two glasses. Since it was just after noon, Aunt Elizabeth and everyone else wouldn't be home for several hours. As we started on the bottle, I told her of my life back home. I explained my love of driving, and how I didn't have a car out here. I was going through withdrawals from not driving. "So first off, I want his car. I fix it so you keep your car, and in return, I get the car that we win."

"Seems fair." she said. "Is that it?"

"Not exactly. I also hate pretentious pricks. Showing him up and humiliating him will really get me off." I explained. "Also, I am working on another angle to this that I am hoping to make a bit of extra cash."

By this time, we had killed the first bottle of wine and were feeling pretty mellow.

"Oh man!" I groaned. "My muscles are really sore from nonstop work on that car the last couple of days. Tell you what. How about I grab another bottle of wine, and we move this to the jacuzzi?"

She started to protest about not having a bathing suit with her, but after a few minutes convincing her that the area with the jacuzzi was private, no one else was going to be home for several hours, and, come on - it's just us girls, she relented. Now, if things went as planned, I was going to get the part of the bargain that I didn't tell her about - HER!

Mandy's view:

I protested (weakly) about getting naked in a stranger's house with some girl that I had only met a couple of days ago. Sure, I had seen naked girls before, and I had even been naked in front other girls. I wasn't particularly shy about my body, after all, I had to admit that I was pretty attractive. The problem was that all those times being naked with other girls were in locker rooms while changing and no sexual undertones. This was a whole lot more intimate. I never really looked at another girl in a sexual sense before. I was totally into guys. Now, here was a very attractive girl - alone - who exuded confidence and sexuality. While she hadn't made a single move on me, not even so much as a casual flirt or suggestive comment - I couldn't help but think curiously what she would feel like. I could blame it on the bottle of wine we killed, but in reality I was starting to wonder about that before we even opened the bottle. After a brief hesitation, I followed her to the jacuzzi, stripped, and joined her in the water.

"So, Gail, exactly what is the plan? I understand that you are going to race him for pink slips, but how are you going to get him to agree to let you drive my car? Typically, he insists that the owner of the car drives."

She looked at me with a smirk, poured us each another glass of wine from the new bottle she had just opened, and replied, "Ever had a threesome?"

"You mean you, me, and him? No, I've never had two guys at the same time, let alone another girl. What are you talking about?"

After taking another sip of her wine, she slid over beside me and placed her hand on my shoulder. "OK. You should already realize this, but what I am doing does have a chance of not being successful. I might lose. You need to be ready for that possibility. I think I can get him to agree to a straight up race, but I may need to sweeten the pot a little. If I have to, I will offer a threesome between you, me, and him should I lose. Seriously, no guy could refuse that offer."

I was kind of getting a little excited by that. I mean, I couldn't really help seeing her as she took off her clothes to get into the jacuzzi. Damn! I thought I had a rockin' body. I have to admit, my mind started going places it had never gone before. Then I saw it. Those green eyes. Damn, how had I missed the smoldering in them when she looked at me. Then I realized that her hand had moved from just resting on my shoulder to now softly caressing my arm. I then took a quick intake of breath when I felt her other hand softly touch my knee.

"I-I-I've n-n-ever b-b-been with a girl before." I managed to stutter out as I lowered my eyes from her gaze. It was then that I noticed my nipples had gotten quite hard, even though it was far from cold in the water.

"Shhhhh. Just relax. I promise I won't bite." Then she got a wicked grin. "Although I might just nibble and lick a little."

Back to Gail:

Putty in my hands. It was then that a new idea formed in my head. I was originally planning on turning her into a pet, but then thought, 'why not see if I could turn her into the East Coast version of me?' After all, I was only going to be here for another month, and I remember my first time with Cassandra. That was just two equals pleasuring each other. No Domme/Submissive. Just two girlfriends loving each other. 'Hmmm, yes. Then teach her to drive like a professional, and she would be ruling the street racing crowds on the East Coast.' 

I slowly began moving my left hand up her right leg along the outside of her thigh, caressing as I went as my right hand continued to caress her left arm. I saw her breathing become heavier as I leaned in to kiss her. It was a soft and gentle kiss. She didn't kiss back, but she didn't resist either. My lips softly moved around her face, gently kissing as they went. Soft light kisses on her cheeks, forehead, eyes, and the tip of her nose. As I moved my one hand to the back of her neck, and the other hand to her cute little butt, I kissed her lips again. Not too hard, but with a little more passion. This time her mouth opened and accepted my tongue. I moved my mouth to her ear and breathed out, "God, you are so beautiful."

"Ohhhhh!" she moaned.

As I lightly began kissing and nibbling on her neck, I felt her hands begin rubbing on my back. I worked my way down her neck lightly kissing her shoulders, chin, throat, and chest. My hand slid up her body from her butt, along her waist, gently stroking her ribs, and finally to cup her right breast. I moved back up and kissed her passionately. This time, her tongue met mine, and she returned the passion that I was giving her.
