 This story is about how Gail became the seductress she is. I really encourage you to read my first story "GTO" to understand fully who Gail is as I spent much more time on her background there. This story takes place at the beginning of summer between her Junior and Senior year of high school. 

***** 

HHHmmmm, there I was. Laying on in a grassy field near a stream. Brittany was between my legs doing her magic with that wicked tongue of hers. Aaahhhh, that feels gooooood. I was soaring higher and higher. I reached down to grab her head, but instead of grabbing her lustrous hair, I felt a blanket – with something kind of hard and roundish beneath it. Huh? Suddenly my eyes popped open, and I was no longer in a grassy field. I was in a strange bed in a strange room. Oh, don't get me wrong. There was definitely something between my legs giving me great pleasure, just not sure what it was. Looking down, Brittany wasn't there, just my blankets with someone under them – besides me. WTF??? I remembered coming home last night. Auntie and Jenn kissing me on the cheek before I went to bed ALONE. WTF???? 

Lifting the blankets, I was very surprised to see a smiling Bethany looking back at me. 

"Oh good. You're awake. Mistress sent me up here to wake you up for breakfast. Since she didn't bother to give me any specific instructions on HOW I was to wake you up, I decided to be creative. I hope you enjoyed it as much as I did." 

Glaring at her, I responded, "What do you mean 'enjoyed'? You aren't finished yet, so get back to licking – NOW." 

Grinning, "Yes Miss Gail." 

20 minutes later, I managed to get my arms and legs to begin responding to the signals my brain were trying to send and climbed out of bed. I went to the bathroom, donned a robe, and made my way downstairs towards the direction of coffee scent. 

I found Auntie in the kitchen, and went to the coffee pot to get a cup of wake-up juice. 

"Sleep well Dear?" Auntie asked. 

"Very well Auntie. Thank you." Looking around, I asked, "Where's Bethany?" 

"Bethany was supposed to wake you up and get you down here a half hour ago. She is being punished for making you late. No need to worry. She will be kind of tied up with other things for a while." 

OK then. This summer just keeps getting more and more interesting. Having my coffee, I looked around and asked, "So, is there anything for breakfast?" 

"Well, Bethany was supposed to fix breakfast for us, but she is kind of indisposed at the moment, so I called Jenn. She should be here soon with something I ordered. In the meantime, lets sit down and discuss the plans for today while we drink our coffee." 

Curious about what my future held, I sat down and asked, "So, exactly what are you planning on having me do for the next two weeks?" 

She thought for a few minutes, and then spoke. "I am going to teach you how to be the most devastating weapon known to the human race. By the time this summer is over, you will have men and women eating out of your hand – and other things, and doing literally anything you tell them. You will be absolutely irresistible. You will be a seductress." 

About that time, the door opened, and Jenn came in with breakfast. "So, should I go check on Beth and make sure she is enjoying herself?" 

"Go ahead", Auntie replied, "but, unless you want to take her place, just make sure she doesn't get any relief." 

We just made small talk as we ate breakfast and finished our coffee. After breakfast, Aunt Elizabeth said that we should check on Bethany before starting my first lesson. We went down the stairs into the basement and through a room that looked like it was used for parties. The walls and ceiling were finished, the floor was covered with a very nice hardwood flooring, there was a fully stocked bar, and several nice chairs and small tables. We crossed the room, and entered an inconspicuous door. The door wasn't exactly hidden, but decorated so it was not noticeable with just a casual glance. 

When I passed through the door, I stopped dead in my tracks. There was Bethany. She was on her knees completely naked, and locked into a strange looking contraption kind of like stocks from the middle ages. Her neck and wrists were locked in to the stocks. Her torso was resting on a padded bench with her knees resting on padding on the floor. Auntie later informed me it was a pillory. I could see that the padded bench had holes for her breasts, because they were hanging down freely. She was blindfolded and had a ball gag in her mouth. Her nipples were adorned with clamps that were attached to strings with what looked like fishing weights on the ends. She was moaning continuously, and her body was writhing. Looking closer, it appeared that she has something inserted in bother her pussy and ass. Jenn was standing beside her smiling as she gently stroked her breasts and clitoris. 

Aunt Elizabeth was watching me with a smug smile on her face when I turned my head away from Bethany towards her. "This is her punishment for causing you to be late for breakfast." She said. She has been down here, bound, and with vibrators in both her pussy and ass set to tease, but not allow an orgasm. The nipple clamps and weights give added stimulation as she moves. She's probably so desperate to get off right now that she would fuck a cactus in the middle of Times Square." 

Turning back to Jenn, Aunt Elizabeth gave instructions. "Jenn, you may remove the gag and have her pleasure you until 10:00. At that time, you may get her off in any manor you like, BUT she is NOT to orgasm before 10:00! Make sure she is recovered, cleaned up, and upstairs no later than 11:00. It is your responsibility to make sure that she is not even 1 second late, otherwise, that", she said pointing at Bethany, "will be you." 

"Yes Mistress. She will be on time." 

Turning to me, Auntie explained, "Orgasm denial is a very effective punishment technique without resorting to corporal punishment. Although corporal punishment has its place, I personally abhor it and only use it as a last resort. Keep in mind though, that a good spanking or crop can add to the heights of arousal when used properly. Another thing to remember, while orgasm denial and teasing mercilessly will cause anguish and torture, when the release is finally given, the orgasm is phenominal." 

"Come along Gail. Time for your first lesson." Auntie said as she turned and headed back out of the room. 

Clothing makes the Temptress and you've got to walk the walk: 

Back upstairs, Aunt Elizabeth told me to go change into something I usually wore back home and return to the living room. I was back a few minutes later in my jeans, Steppenwolf tee-shirt With a bra underneath), and tennis shoes. Auntie had her digital camera out, and I was told to go to a blank area of the wall and stand facing her. When I was situated, she took a picture. I was then told to turn to my right – another picture, then to the left – picture, finally facing the wall – another picture. The camera was then connected to her computer, and the pictures were downloaded. After checking that the pictures were what she wanted, she told me to go back upstairs and change into the following: 

Red knit dress that ended about 2 inches above the knee 

mocha thigh-highs 

matching red lace bra and thong 

4-inch red pumps. 

Back downstairs and repeat the pictures. Auntie again uploaded the picture and called me over to sit in a chair beside her. She brought up the two pictures facing the front side-by-side on the screen. 

"OK Gail, now look closely at the pictures. First off, do you see how much more the dress accents your figure? Look at how the low cut of the dress shows your cleavage and draws attention to it. Do you see how much sexier it is, and how much more it desirable it makes you look? Also, notice how the dress gives off an aura of confidence, competence, and power." 

Auntie then changed to the pictures from the sides. "Now look at these. See how the cut of the dress accents your breasts much more than the lose tee-shirt? Also, look at how the heels affect your posture to accent your ass and legs. The stockings also make your legs stand out." 

Next were the photos from the back. "Again, notice how much better your curves stand out in the dress. Also, again, notice how the heels adjust your posture and really make your ass stand out, as well as show off your calves." 

We spent the next 20 minutes going back and forth through the pictures and discussing how each part of my attire added to the look that we were going for. 

"The look you want to achieve is classy, yet sexy. You want to brush up against – but not cross over – the line between sexy and slutty. Dressing classy yet sexy, combined with an inner confidence is extremely seductive. Pulling it all together properly will make you irresistible to almost anyone. Men will do almost anything you ask just to get you to smile at them and acknowledge their presence. Even women will be drawn to you and allow you to seduce them." 

"OK Auntie, but why did you specify the underwear when that isn't showing. I could have pulled off the same look with a regular bra and panties." 

"The underwear, my dear, has a different purpose. True, you do not want to be flashing that in public, but, tell me, how does it make you feel?" 

"Actually, I feel sexier and a little thrilled knowing what I have on underneath my dress." 

"And that is the purpose." Auntie smiled. "That feeling you have makes you project confidence any sultry. It gives your personality sexiness seductiveness." 

"Now", she said changing tacks, "Stand up and walk to the kitchen and back." 

Getting up, I did as I was asked and walked to the kitchen and back. 

"Hmmmm, not bad, but it does need some work." 

Seriously? I've been walking since I was 2-years old, an no one has ever complained about how I walked before. 

"OK, try it again, but this time imagine you are walking down the middle of the street and your feet are just straddling the line. Bring your foot a little closer – just touching the edge of the yellow line – as you set your foot down." 

OK. Trying it again. I followed the advice and placed each foot closer the center as I stepped. It was a little awkward at first, but I did notice that my hips tended to swing just a little more than normal when I did that. 

Just then, Bethany and Jenn came into the room. Auntie looked at the clock and said, "You cut it pretty close Jenn. It's 10:59 and 32 seconds." 

"Bethany, did you learn your lesson now?" 

"Yes Mistress." 

"Very good. Now you two are just in time to help with this lesson." 

"Gail, please walk to the kitchen and back the way you normally would, and Jenn, take note of how she is walking." 

OK. Normal walk to the kitchen and back. 

"Now", Auntie said addressing Jenn and Bethany, "you two walk together, but Jenn is to imitate Gail's stride, while Bethany walks as I taught her." 

I watched both, and realized that, although subtle, Bethany's movements were definitely more seductive than Jenn's. 

"Do you see the difference Gail?" Auntie asked. 

"Yes, Bethany's body moved more seductively than Jenn's. It was subtle, but noticeable." 

"Very good Gail. Now let's work on something a bit more dramatic. This is how to make a dramatic turn. It can have a devastating effect if you need to confront someone after you have passed them. Now watch closely." 

Aunt Elizabeth got up and began walking. Suddenly, just as she set her front foot down, she stopped and paused with one foot in front of the other. Without moving her feet, she pivoted 180-degrees on the balls of her feet, and began sauntering back to me. 

This went on for about another half an hour including arm movements and posture as I walked. Finally, Auntie had decided that I was taking to the lessons well enough to move on. 

"How about some lunch and then shopping this afternoon?", she asked. 

Noticing the noticing: 

Jenn drove us to a nice area populated with several boutique stores and cute little restaurants. Before getting out of the car, Aunt Elizabeth said to me, "I want you to be aware of the people around you. Don't be obvious, but try to notice if anyone takes more than a casual glance at you. Try to remember what their expressions are, and what the look in their eyes are. If you happen to catch eyes with someone that you think is attractive, hold their gaze as long as you can and give them a cute smile. Make sure that they break eye contact. Keep track of whether they blush and where they look when they look away." 

A couple of things about me that I should mention in case you haven't picked up on them yet. First off, I do not lack in confidence. I know that I am above average in the looks department, and that I am way above average in the brains department. Second, being mainly a loner, I am really good at being aware of my surroundings, and the people around me. Even though now those traits were to be used for a different purpose, I didn't think that I would have much trouble with this assignment. 

We got out and started to walk towards a nice Italian restaurant. I made sure that I was walking as instructed this morning. Shoulders back, head up, slow languid strides and arm movements. Seductive. As I walked, I was casually looking around at all the shops. At least that's what I was pretending to do. Mostly, I was looking in the general direction and casually looking at other people. Yes, there were the occasional teenage boys ogling us, but I mainly ignored those. I did notice several admiring looks from several men, and even a fair share from some women. Figuring that it was time for a little fun, I did catch the eyes of one teenage boy. When he finally looked up from shooting his lasers at my tits, he found my eyes locked on him. I held his eyes and smiled at him for about a minute. Finally, I decided to up the ante and blew him a kiss. His reaction was priceless. I really thought he was going to cum in his pants right there. Instead, he turned the color of an over ripe tomatoes and started walking away as he studied his feet. 

Got to the restaurant and were seated quickly. Our waitress was a rather cute little brunette who identified herself as Sue. We were seated at a table rather than a booth, and my back was to the wall. Auntie was on my left, and Bethany was to my right. (Jenn had errands to run, so she would pick us up later.) As out waitress approached, I saw her drop her eyes to glance under the table for a few seconds. Hmmm, this required a little experiment. Auntie ordered a bottle of a nice white wine with three glasses. We settled into our seats, and I was relating the story of the poor boy I teased when I saw Sue returning with the wine. Yep, another glance below the table. This time, after she looked up, I let my heel slip out of my pump and let it dangle on my toes. Yep. Her eyes dropped again. His time they stayed there until she was right at our table. When she looked up, I was looking directly into her eyes and smiling. She blushed and immediately looked away. She busied herself doing the little wine tasting thing for my aunt, then, after a nod from Auntie, proceeded to fill all tree glasses properly. I was last to get wine. 

"Thank you VERY much, Sue.", I said as she finished pouring my wine. 

"Your welcome ma'am. I hope you enjoy it.", she responded as I caught her eyes with mine again. 

"Oh, I'm sure it is very tasty.", I responded while never breaking eye contact. 

She blushed furiously, turned, and walked away. 

Auntie and Bethany were both looking at me with amusement. "What was that all about?", Aunt Elizabeth asked. 

"I noticed that she was checking out our legs as she would walk over to our table. I thought that I would have a little fun." 

"And?" 

"Well, you saw her reaction, and you are the Mistress. You tell me.", I challenged. 

Auntie laughed. "Oh, she is interested. This could turn out to be a very interesting meal." 

"In that case Auntie, I've never done this before, so how do I proceed?" 

Aunt Elizabeth replied full of mirth. "Oh, baby girl, it looks like your instincts are just fine, so just go with them. You seem to be doing just great as it is." 

Sue returned shortly after that to ask if we had had a chance to look over the menu. 

"Yes, Sue. For the appetizer I would like the oysters, but for the entre, I am looking for something sweet and slightly tangy. Do you have any suggestions?" I said looking straight into those blue eyes with a wicked smile on my face. 

Oh, what a lovely blush she had when she got flustered. 

"W-w-w-well ma'am. We do h-h-have a-a-a couple of fish entrees th-that might interest you. Th-that is if y-you like fish.' She responded. 

"Mmmmm", I moaned half closing my eyes. "I am developing a real taste for fish." 

I heard a kind of choke from Auntie, and poor Bethany had picked that particular moment to take a sip of her wine. Said sip never reached her stomach as she spit it out as she coughed. 

"I think I will have the salmon. The SPECIAL sauce glaze the menu describes is VERY intriguing." 

Auntie and Bethany both ordered their meals, and Sue made a hasty retreat. 

"You fiend.", Auntie said with a smile. "You almost made that poor girl cream her panties." 

"That almost made me cream MY panties." Bethany whispered. 

Lunch proceeded with the appetizers, then the entrees as Auntie continued to educate me in subtle mannerisms in seduction. Throughout the meal, I continued my assault on poor Sue. Finally, we finished our meal, and Sue appeared to collect our plates. 

"Are you ladies in the mood for desert?" she inquired. 

Looking directly in her eyes, I replied, "That depends. Are you on the desert menu?" 

Finally, a smile came to her face. "Not right now, but I could be Saturday." 

"is that your day off?" 

"Yes. I have work and school the rest of the week." 

Auntie slid a piece of paper across the table to her and said, "Here is the address. 10 o'clock sharp. Do not be late." 

"Yes ma'am" Sue replied. 

Auntie replied in a commanding tone, "That would be 'Yes Mistress' – to both of us.", indicating I was to be addressed that way also. 

Sue's adorable eyes widened at that, but she quickly caught herself and responded, "Of course mistress. Thank you, mistress." 

"You will wear a skirt, thigh highs or stockings and garter, no panties or bra, and a very sexy blouse. Also, bring something sexy, yet classy to change into as we will be going out in the evening." 

"Yes mistress. Thank you, mistress.", Was her breathless reply. I noticed that her breathing had gotten a little shallower as she spoke. 

We quickly finished, paid (leaving a very generous tip), and left. 

We spent the next couple of hours shopping. I got a couple of new outfits, some rather nice, sexy lingerie, and a couple new pairs of heels. We ended up at an adult store. Seeing my look, Aunt Elizabeth said, "If you are going to be a mistress, you should have the proper tools for the job. We need to start your toy collection, and you can expand on it later as you learn what you like and what your needs are as you progress." 

As we were walking in, Aunt Elizabeth got out her phone and called someone. Only hearing one side of the conversation, and still being rather innocent sexually, I thought it was kind of an odd conversation. 

"Hello Cassandra, It's Beth." 

"Yes, it's nice to talk to you as well. It's been a while." 

"Me too." 

"If you are available this afternoon and evening, I would like your help." 

"Yes, about two hours would be fine." 

"Hmmmm, that sounds very nice, but actually, it isn't me." 

"No, not a pet. As you know, I'm very adept at training my pets. Think of this as more of a new young girlfriend who hasn't had much experience." 
