 Gwen stood at the sink washing out a dirty coffee cup. The sun poured through the window giving her kitchen a warm glow. Sitting at the kitchen table sipping coffee was Gwen's next door neighbor and confidant Kelli. Kelli was already dressed for work but, as she was leaving she got a call that her boss was entertaining clients with a game of golf and she need not come to work. That was fine for Kelli who went next door to see what her friend Gwen was up to. Kelli discovered her friend was still dressed in last night's Fredericks finery.

Gwen shamelessly moped around the kitchen in a beige teddy that barely covered her ass and a spaghetti strap that kept falling off her shoulder. Her curly, dirty blonde hair sloppily tied atop her waking head. Kelli also noticed that Gwen was still wearing a drooping pair of thigh high black stockings. And to top it off Kelli watched as Gwen bent over to pick up a spoon she'd dropped discovering Gwen had no underwear on. Top- o- the morning Kelli sarcastically thought to herself.

"Long night?" Kelli asked her disheveled friend.

"It was suppose to be but all I ended up doing was getting drunk and sleeping alone." Gwen sipped her coffee slowly waking up.

"The way you're dressed it looks like you had the whole team work you over." Kelli teased.

"Nope. That's what the big rubber cock is for, though."

"Gwen!" Kelli squealed scolding her friend's frankness. "You're such a slut."

" Oh, and you're not. I think I remember a time back in college..."

"No you don't." Kelli interrupted. "Don't go there."

"We were staying at my parents house on fall break and I walked into the guest bedroom to find you going at it with that empty wine bottle. You remember?' Gwen's husky voice laughed.

"Yeah." Kelli said sheepishly her cheeks flush with embarrassment.

"You know, I should have come in and helped pet your cat instead of slamming the door then running away giggling. I was an immature kid, sorry 'bout that." Gwen downed the rest of her coffee and got up to get another cup.

"What? You're not suggesting what I think you're suggesting?" Kelli asked surprised.

"Since I'm being honest I've fantasized about that night a time or two. That was a long time ago but sometimes when I'm horny I use it for inspiration." Gwen returned to the table pouring Kelli another cup.

"Wow." Kelli muttered.

"Aw, come on. Haven't you ever wondered what it would be like?" Gwen's "looking for touble" smile crept across her lips.

"Great. This conversation's sounding like we're in a porno movie or something.' Kelli smiled dismissively. "Oh, wait. I'm not dressed appropriate enough for a porno." Kelli set her coffee down and slowly unbuttoned her tight white blouse. "It's so hot in here. Oh, what must a girl do to cool off." Kelli mocked in a breathy adult film actress' voice unbuttoning her blouse halfway. Gwen's nipples silently hardened under her beige teddy as her best friend revealed her cleavage. Gwen secretly hoped for something more even though Kelli seemed to be goofing around . "Okay, and you say..." Kelli stared wide eyed at Gwen waiting for her to join in on this weirdly erotic kitchen table skit.

"Oh, okay." Gwen understood. "Yes, yes it is hot in here. I can't help but rub my hot tits. Ooooooh" Gwen replied in the same breathy porn voice. Taking heed of her porn star words Gwen sat upright in her chair, stuck her chest out, and rubbed the satiny beige teddy covering her protruding nipples. "What's a couple of poor girls to do with no men around?" Gwen bit her lower lip evoking a damsel in distress look.

"Oh God, that's good." Kelli giggled. "Okay my turn." Kelli focused at the ceiling then back at Gwen thinking of what to do next. Gwen continued to secretly turn herself on pinching and rubbing her own breasts even though it appeared to her Kelli was just playing around. Gwen's clit was fully aroused now and longing to be kissed. Was Kelli turned on too? Would two normally hetero women give into their hidden desires?

"I can't believe we're doing this." Kelli smiled sliding her hand under her blouse groping her own boobs." I don't think there's anything that'll cool me off now that my nipples are so, so hard. What can two lonely girls do to make it hotter?" Kelli barely got out the last word before she bust out laughing. 

"I think I know how a girl can make another girl hotter." Gwen straddled her chair letting her own fingers drop from her chest and down the satiny material of her beige teddy. Stopping at her tummy Gwen gathered the material and slowly pulled it up. Kelli stared dumbfounded as Gwen's satin curtain rose slowly off her creamy thighs revealing her thick, aroused clit. Her neatly trimmed triangular bush looked like a little piece of pie.

"Hey, You're not a natural blonde!" Kelli pointed at Gwen's pussy trying in vain to keep their role playing light. But Kelli couldn't keep her own dark desires under control. The desires that secretly bubble under the surface of fantasies when a woman spends countless nights alone. Nights longing for the touch of anyone be it a man or a woman. Kelli let the game turn to desire.

Kelli stood and licked her lipsticked mouth slowly unbuttoning the rest of her blouse like a stripper. Even dropping the blouse while doing a little spin. Kelli bounced her hips back an forth as she meandered around the table. "I know a better way a girl can make another girl feel special."

"How, how's that pray tell?"Gwen stuttered as her own cool fingers pinched her moist clit.

"Well let's see." Kelli swayed her petite hips in front of her masturbating friend. "You could be a sweety and unzip my skirt. It's oh, so tight and confining." Kelli continued swaying as she unclasped her bra letting it fall to the floor. " Or I could pull my tight skirt up for you instead. Would a slutty girl like that? I know a boy would. Boys like it when I'm dirty." Kelli teased. "Are you a slutty girl?"

"Yessss." Gwen moaned sinking her fingers deep into the wet folds of her own well hidden lesbian urges. Kelli eased her tight skirt up her thighs stopping the ascent before Gwen could spy Kelli's wet panties.

Gwen slowed her fingering. "You know what a slutty girl likes most of all?" Gwen whispered heavily.

"What's that? Would a dirty girl like it, huhmmm?" Kelli moaned as she lifted the middle portion of her polyester work skirt and rubbed her own aching wet pussy. Her fingers sliding under the tight material of her moist panties.

"She likes her pussy eaten. Oh, oh my. I'm so, so wet. Come on you slut eat my muff baby. Eat me!" Gwen's hips shook suddenly and without warning. Nectar oozing from her naughty pussy filled the greedy lips of the good girl gone bad. Gwen clasped the chair legs rolling her head back. Mouth agape and her eyes closed. Wave after wave crashing her open, defenseless lust. She was succumbing to ancient Taboos. Giving in to her best friend's hungry curiosity. Gwen lost count of the orgasms that rocked her at this moment. Ineligible primal grunts and groans was all Gwen could utter as Kelli's tongue worked circles around her clit.

"Okay baby. It's okay. You can stop. That felt wonderful." Gwen gently brushed her hands down Kelli's face lifting it up soaking pussy. Gwen sat up and sucked on Kelli's musky lips playing a tender game with her neighbor's tongue. Kelli's nipples felt the pinch and brush of her friend's experienced hands. 

"I must confess." Gwen muttered kissing Kelli's neck.

" Confess what?" Kelli's bliss was getting the better of her.

"Sit up on the chair first." Gwen slid off the chair helping Kelli's wet panties find their way to the floor in the process.

"I must confess I've eaten other naughty girls before. Girls you know." Gwen purred. Kelli stared transfixed as Gwen's hands slid slowly up her quivering thighs.

"Who, who were they?"Kelli gasped. Gwen's thumbs kneaded her friend's gooey clit.

"Your Mom's best friend Sally for one." Gwen confessed. Kelli's eyes went wide open at this revelation but Gwen quickly dived in on Kelli's defenseless spread muff. Hungrily lapping up her shocked friend's pussy before she could mutter one complaint. In fact the buxom sultry image of Sally eating her pussy at that very moment swam in Kelli's head. She could feel herself cumming.

"You wanna know what was best?" Gwen sank her finger into Kelli's twat and continued licking.

"Who? I... I think I'm cumming. Who? Who is it damnit?" kelli stammered still envisioning it was Sally bringing her to the brink of orgasm.

"Your Mom!" Gwen squealed pushing her face hard onto Kelli's spasming orgasmic release. Maddeningly releasing the twisted incestual image of Kelli's Mommy munching her baby to sweetest of all surrenders.

" Oh, no!" Kelli screamed in horror as she cummed and kept cumming and cumming.