 Written by: Absorb & 3four2b 

This story was something I was working on for awhile. I needed some extra input on it. I met on Literotica, 3four2b, a man who had similar writing and interests as myself. We messaged about working on a story together. I showed him what I had written and he added and edited and we came up with this story below. We hope you enjoy our combination of writing styles and the story itself.

*****

Jane always looked forward to her four evenings a week at the gym. The exercise and solitude allowed her to unwind from her demanding career.

That fateful night she was finishing her workout with some time on the treadmill, her heart racing and silky skin glistening. 

A timer beeped and the incline of the treadmill increased. Jane felt the burn as she pumped her legs harder to maintain her pace.

Like always the cleaning lady was wearing earbuds and quietly going about her work. The female manager was in her office with the door closed.

Nothing out of the ordinary there. What was unusual was the presence of another gym member working out so near closing time. And damn, thought Jane, if this new face wasn't a hottie!

With the gym employees in their own worlds it was like Jane and this mystery woman were completely alone. It turns me on that we're alone, Jane realized. 

Her mind was already cranking out one little sex scene after another involving this attractive woman who looked to be about the same age as her. Just watching the woman work out was titillating.

The woman was going feverishly on one of the exercise bikes. Her face glowed and perspiration dripped down her neck. Jane's curiosity grew beyond her ability to control.

She stopped her treadmill several minutes before the set time and moved to one of the leg machines across from the row of bikes.

Jane sat down and started to work her inner thighs. Her legs were still on fire from the treadmill, but this was the only way to get near this new woman without drawing suspicion. 

Jane experienced an instant sensual feeling as she worked against the resistance of the machine to move her legs in and out.

"New here?" Jane asked, knowing the outline of her pussy was visible between her legs every time she opened them.

The other woman glanced at Jane and her eyes drifted down just a little. She smiled and gave Jane a wink.

"Yeah," the woman said ending the wink but still smiling coyly.

Jane's heart was racing again, not from the exercise but from the thrill. She asked herself, is this really happening? Jane finished one set in what for her would normally have been a three set leg workout.

She didn't feel like finishing. She was too distracted with thoughts of sex. She got up, gathered her workout accessories and got going 

to hit the showers.

To her delight, as she walked Jane heard the sound of the other woman's bike winding down. Once in the locker room Jane wasted no time beginning to undress.

She was beginning to peel her sports bra from her chest just as the other woman entered. Sports bra half in her face, Jane couldn't see but could definitely smell her own scent.

It was full of a day at work an evening at the gym, and the potency of heightened sexual arousal.

"My name is Susan by the way," the other woman said after Jane had removed her sports bra.

Jane couldn't help but notice Susan checking out her breasts, which past lovers had described with words like firm and wonderful. 

Jane didn't even have to glance to know 

that her nipples were firm. No way Susan could miss these, Jane thought.

Jane told Susan her name then got to work on removing her yoga pants. She got quite a show as she took her pants off, thanks to Susan turning around and bending over to take off her shoes and socks.

Jane almost touched herself at the sight of how tightly Susan's shorts hugged her perfect ass. Back still turned, Susan removed her own shirt and sports bra. Jane gawked at Susan's flawless complexion.

Things continued on like this until Jane and Susan were both completely nude. Both women grinned at the sight of the other's clean shaven pussy before walking barefoot into adjacent shower stalls.

Jane took some liquid soap from the dispenser on the wall and began to rub her hands over her entire body, but her willpower was completely gone.

Rinsing the lather from her hands and her pussy but not the rest of her body, Jane penetrated herself with three fingers. As she entered herself, Jane imagined that it was Susan's fingers doing the penetrating.

"So tell me Jane," Susan started.

Jane felt her heart skip a beat! She almost withdrew from her pussy, like a schoolgirl getting walked in on. But her fingers had been buried so deep they ended up stopping right on her clit.

Susan kept going, "what is your secret, I mean how do you maintain such a perfect figure?"

She likes my figure, Jane thought gleefully to herself. Jane looked in the narrow space between the floor and the privacy wall separating shower stall from Susan's. 

She could see Susan's bare feet, in a wide stance and not moving except for scrunching toes.

Jane answered, "Regular workouts and sensible foods, but believe me with your fantastic body you have nothing to worry about!"

After a moment of silence, Jane swore she heard a squishing sound from Susan's shower followed by quiet little moans. Jane closed her eyes and increased the pressure of her fingertips against her clit.

That was when Jane decided to go for it.

She turned off the water in her shower, walked into Susan's stall. Jane turned Susan's body by the shoulder and pressed her lips to Susan's with a passion she hadn't felt flow from herself in years.

Both of their heads were under the steaming hot water. Susan gasped.

For a millisecond Jane felt panic! Had she misread Susan? Susan's warm smile removed all doubt. Jane watched as Susan took two fingers from her dripping wet pussy.

"Taste me," Susan offered.

Jane touched Susan's hand and gently pulled it to her lips. She brought her tongue past her teeth to greet Susan's fingers, and to draw them into her mouth.

Jane gladly did as Susan had asked, sucking and swirling her tongue around them. Susan began moaning and replaced her fingers with her lips and kissed Jane deeply.

The women's tongues were intertwined as if dancing in their mouths. The kiss seemed to go on forever, the kind of forever that no one ever minds because they wish it could really last for eternity.

Slowly though, each kiss strayed further and further from the other's lips, until Jane began nibbling Susan's neck slowly.

Jane then worked her way up to Susan's earlobe, breathing hotly. Then Jane moved to Susan's collarbone and without asking permission because she knew it was already granted, she reached down to Susan's pussy and slipped in two fingers along with her thumb.

Jane looked at Susan's face. The woman's eyes were closed and she was licking her lips with the tip of her tongue.

Jane got to work using her thumb to circle Susan's clit, and Susan responded immediately by switching from licking her lips to nibbling on them out of pure pleasure. Susan began breathing hard as she brought her lips to Jane's ear and moaned.

"Faster please," Susan whispered, half instructing and half begging.

Jane did just that and began kissing Susan frantically. Jane shoved her tongue into Susan's willing mouth. Her tongue and fingers moved in the same rhythm. Susan arched her back and shuddered.

"Oh! Oh god!!"

Susan was cumming hard on Jane's fingers. Susan screamed into Jane's mouth, crying out in ecstasy. 

Jane could feel her new lover's inner pussy muscles contracting around her fingers. Susan squirted all over Jane's fingers! 

Jane broke their kiss so she could watch Susan spray. It flew in powerful bursts. Jane had never seen such a sight, and she loved it. 

Susan was cumming hard on Jane's fingers. She screamed into Jane's mouth, crying out in ecstasy. Jane could feel her new lover's inner pussy muscles contracting around her fingers.

Susan closed her eyes tight and squirted all over Jane's fingers!

She adored how Susan would open her eyes just for a moment before closing them again and moan. Susan is obviously deep in orgasmic bliss, Jane concluded.

"Wow," Susan said with a laugh but at the same time as if waking up from a dream. "Sorry."

Jane was puzzled and asked, "Sorry? For what?"

Susan ran her hands down her sides as she closed the gap between her and Jane, and whispered "for making you wait."

Susan put her hands above Jane's breasts and gently pushed her against the shower wall, then knelt on one knee and began massaging Jane's right breast. 

Susan paid particular attention to the nipple, squeezing and pinching it before licking it in small circles until the bud was at a firm point.

Susan kneaded Jane's right breast in the palm of her cupped hand while using her mouth to suck an nibble on the left one. Soon, both of Jane's nipples where firm as rocks.

Jane obeyed her instincts and slid her fingers into Susan's long wet hair. Susan gave each nipple one last light bite before licking a treasure trail down Jane's fit stomach to her bald mound.

Knowing exactly what Susan had in mind, Jane parted her legs and invited Susan to put her tongue deep in the honey pot.

Susan slowly began kissing and licking Jane's wet pussy lips. She pushed Jane's labia lips aside, looking for her clit. 

Susan sucked on it and slid two fingers inside her wet pussy and began to finger her and lick her clit at the same time. This drove Jane wild and she began bucking her hips into Susan's face and tangling her hands in her lover's hair.

Jane arched her back and moaned.

"Deeper, Jane managed to blurt out, "and don't stop!"

Folding her tongue in on itself lengthwise, Susan thrust it into Jane's pussy. The new sensation of tongue joining fingers inside her sent Jane over the edge. 

She bucked like a wild woman, her body tingling and her nipples so hard they felt like they would push out of her skin. 

The sound of shower water faded and all Jane could hear was her own pounding heart. The warm feeling between Jane's legs was her on the cusp or orgasm.

Susan intentionally tried to smother herself against Jane's mound.

"Oh, yes! Yes!! Yes!!" Jane screamed.

Jane's pussy muscles were squeezing so tight in orgasm she could feel the contour of Susan's tongue and two fingers in exquisite detail. 

Keeping her fingers inside, Susan rose from her knee and kissed her way up the quivering body before her. She licked Jane's nipples on the way to flicking the tip of her tongue on Jane's neck.

Back against it, Jane tried to claw at the shower wall as Susan gave her sweet tongue torture. Her top teeth met her lower lip. She put all her weight on one foot.

It was all she could do not to stomp thought the shower floor. Teeth and lip still pressed together Jane exhaled a powerful Fffffff sound.

Jane's chest heaved to take in a deep breath, but before she was done Susan had begun kissing her on the mouth. Jane knew she was tasting her own wetness, her own pussy juices on Susan's lips.

Knowing this made Jane growl a bit and stick in her tongue to twirl it with Susan's in a sultry dance.

Both woman had achieved glorious climaxes but neither was ready for the encounter to end. Jane felt an orgasmic aftershock when Susan turned off the water and asked with a huge smile, "sauna?"

"You read my mind," Jane agreed with a massive grin of her own.

Jane kept her complete attention on Susan's body as they both dried themselves with large white towels. Noticing this, Susan used her towel like a stripper's boa. 

Ah what the hell, Jane told herself before doing the same with hers. They both laughed together, wrapped towels around themselves and held each other's waists as they walked to the sauna.

As soon as the sauna door shut, Jane yanked Susan's towel off and gave her lover's butt a playful spank. The room was soon filled with steam and their passion had joined it in rising to a high point.

Jane had removed her own towel and both their naked bodies now began to glisten from the steam in the sauna. They arranged the towels to make a bed out of the bench. Susan moved to the edge of the bench to get closer to Jane.

"My turn to get aggressive," Susan said out of nowhere.

She kissed Jane hard and fast, going on top and sliding her hands down Jane's stomach to her mound.

Jane moaned and arched her back as Susan continued to take charge, unexpectedly excited by the power dynamic that was developing. Susan stepped off Jane's body.

"Hands behind your knees," Susan instructed mischievously.

Jane did as she was told, almost saying yes ma'am out loud. Jane groaned with delight as she felt three of Susan's fingers slide in and Susan's tongue hard and deep against her clit.

It made Jane shudder in pleasure. Never in her life had anyone gotten Jane so close so quick. Then Susan used her free hand for nipple pinching.

Her pussy pulsing with orgasm, Jane knew she was spilling sweet honey onto Susan's fingers, making them slick.

That's when Jane begged, "let me taste your fingers Susan, please."

Susan guided both their bodies until she was on her back and Jane was on top. Susan put her coated hand on on of her tits, then winked at Jane to taste all she wanted. 

Jane began teasing the breast with her tongue, licking up as much of her own juices as she could. Susan soon moved her hand to the other breast, which Jane serviced with slow licks around the areola and then back to her pink bud.

Jane could tell this was driving Susan wild. Jane ran her fingernails down Susan's stomach in a path of delight to her wanting pussy, which was already wet for her touch.

"Oh my, aren't you wanting me already?" Jane chuckled seductively.

Susan smiled and said, "Yes, most definitely yes!"

Jane lowered her mouth to breathe on Susan's pussy, forcing her to feel the hotness of her breath. Now it was Susan's turn to beg.

"Please Jane, lick my pussy," Susan said with pouting lips.

Jane grinned wickedly and began licking Susan's clit, sliding a single finger into her lover's wet heat. The inner walls of Susan's pussy were slippery yet somehow clinging to Jane's finger.

Jane knew it would not take long now for Susan to cum. She slowly fingered Susan with one hand and herself with another, licking deep in Susan's slit.

Jane's orgasm had never fully subsided, and touching herself caused it to come roaring back. She hopped on Susan and made her taste her own wetness. 

She growled a bit, biting Susan's lower lip and thrusting multiple fingers now in and out of Susan's pussy as if with a vengeance.

Susan bucked and moaned onto Jane's hand. Jane knew her partner was experiencing a deep and powerful orgasm.

She could feel her fingers getting pulsed on by 

Susan's labia and inner walls. Out spilled Susan's juices!

Jane crawled down Susan's body and lapped the fresh juices up with all manner of slurping sounds and happy noises. But she didn't get to stay there for long, Susan beckoning Jane to bring their faces back together.

Their pussy juices mixed together into a delicious cocktail, their tongues swirling and darting in and out.

Their legs intertwined together and their pussy lips pushed up against one another. They began to grind their clits together and hump back and forth. 

There was no stopping either of them now! Their slick pussy lips slid up and down and around to catch their clits. 

Jane caught Susan admiring her breasts as they bounced up and down. She in turn was watching Susan's breasts bounce and sway to the pussy pounding rhythm they had created!

Their hips moving in unison. Their eyes half slits. Moans rose in the air like steam as their pussies coated each other in wetness. 

Jane felt Susan beginning to squirt, which caused Jane to discover something completely new about herself. For the first time in her life, she too began to squirt!

Both women climaxed at the same moment, squirting their love juices from one pussy to the other in a glorious exchange. Jane clutched Susan tight in her arms. 

Both of them grunted and screamed in pleasure. Their breathing was so hard their stomachs pressed into each other with each breath.

Finally and completely exhausted, the slid their legs apart and kissed with a slow passion. There was deep tongue action from both, but never fast. 

They were touching each other's bodies all over. Breasts slick and wet, they slid against each other. Their pussies continued to pulse and the hearts still beat hard.

Eventually, the knowledge that the gym would close soon compelled both women to reluctantly release the other.

Too drained to go again, they behaved themselves in the shower this time. As they got dressed, they exchanged phone numbers and agreed to meet again soon.