 You stare at her as you workout admiring her ass in the tight spandex and imagining her abs through her tight shirt. How it would feel to runs your hands over her body, going under her shirt to lightly scratch your nails at her back as you sucked on her neck. You shake your head at the imagination and try to focus on your music for the rest of the workout, only looking at her doing crunches briefly because what is the point of staring at a person you can't have. You finish your workout and sit on the floor to begin stretching. Pulling one of your legs in and extending to reach your other foot. As you bend down you can smell how turned on you have gotten. 

"Shit," you say under your breath as you switch legs. When you are done with that you stand up stretching your arms and notice that she has moved closer to you. Right next to you so you are now stretching together. You hope that she doesn't smell what you just did and give you away. To everyone else she has a bossy demeanor, some might even call her a bitch either to her face or behind her back but she is softer with you. You finish stretching and move to collect you things in a nearby locker, she does the same with a locker a few away from yours. As you finish collecting your bag she comes up behind you and surprises you as she says, 

"I think we should walk out together." You slam the locker shut in surprise and excitement stuttering a "Yes." As you walk out of the gym she says, 

"I saw you staring." You are unable to respond in her boldness trying to find the right excuse but she cuts you off as she says, "You like what you see?" It's a question but all you can do is nod your head in response. 

"Good," she says back satisfied. You realize how close she has gotten to you and you can feel all the sweat that has accumulated during your workout. It feels cold against your neck and your breasts ache to be touched. She looks down at you and you are sure she can just barely see your visible nipples growing harder underneath your sports bra and tank top. She pushes you into a nearby closet that you didn't notice before, shocking you with the sudden movement and strength.

She pushes you against the now shut door and locks it, attaching her mouth to yours taking you into a deep kiss as her warm hands find their way under your tank top and land on top of your breasts. You stay in the kiss for a while. Your hands move to her butt that you had been imagining about and squeezing it to pull her closer to you. Spreading your legs so that your knee is making friction in between her legs and her's is doing the same to you. She pulls back to bite and suck at your lip before she puts air in between you two.

"So do you want to have dinner later," she says with a smile on her face already knowing your answer. 

"Yeah" is all you can manage to say back as she runs her thumbs over your hard nipples. You can only imagine how the contact would feel without the sports bra. She goes back into the kiss, sucking on your tongue that has now entered her mouth. She is a really good kisser is all you can think until she squeezes your breasts again making you gently moan into her mouth. You can feel her grinding up against your knee trying to find the right amount of friction and pressure to satisfy her needs. You can't wait until tonight when you can give her what she really deserves but for right now you squeeze her butt and lift her up just enough to push her body closer to yours and give her the a little bit of the contact she needs with your leg. As you do this she moans into your mouth and you can feel yourself getter wetter by the second. Maybe you can't wait until later. She moves from kissing your lips to cheek and jaw as she slowly grinds your knee, sending you over the top. She gets to your neck and kisses and sucks until she finds your pulse point where she stays for a while, sucking and biting until you grab her ass so she won't move and grind yourself against her knee trying to satisfy the growing need inside you. She stops though just as you find your rhythm and pulls away.

"I just wanted to give you a little taste for tonight. I hope you're ready," she says and smiles before organizing her clothes and walking.