 It was the weekend and that night had been slower than most, so I decided to go the gym. The cool night air was refreshing on my skin. I entered the gym, and saw that it was empty, except that some one was using the exercise bike. I went into the changing room and took the clothes off my 5'5 body, then taking my bra off my 'C' cup breasts, then removing my panties, to reveal my bald pussy, before changing into my swimsuit. I went out to where the exercise machines were kept, and I started my workout. I saw this beautiful woman, and soon our eyes were locked, and I noticed that was Shannon from work, we greeted each other with a friendly smile. She had been riding the bike like there was no tomorrow. Her breathing was heavy, but regular and sweat running down her cheeks. 

After a few hours of exercising, I made my way to the showers. With a tired smile, I peeled off my swimsuit, and then moved into the shower area. The shower was blessing empty, I hated showering when there were a lot of women, I've never really liked it, makes me feel self conscious I guess. Turning up the heat I closed my eyes and ducked my head under the stream of water. One of the most glorious feelings in the world, hot water running over your taut body after a workout. 

The sound of the door closing roused me from my soak. I pushed my hair back and opened my eyes to see Shannon walking in. She was another who frequently worked out late, and who I had got to know, quite well. She smiled and began to remove her clothing. She was a beautiful woman. She stood approximately 5'3, long blond hair, firm round breasts and shapely legs. It was easy to tell from looking at her that she was a confident woman. She walked with authority and assurance and never seemed timid or shy. 

Shannon took the spout next to mine and immediately ducked her head under the water with a big smile. Bending down I picked up my shampoo bottle and dapped a small amount on to my hands and began to lather. I winced as I scrubbed behind my head; I had twisted my neck funny during one of the weight training exercises. 

"Did you hurt yourself?" Shannon asked. 

"I'm not sure, I think I just twisted it funny, that's all." I replied. 

"Here, let me take a look." Shannon suggested. She was a physiotherapist and was usually consulted by quite a few of the members for minor aches and pains. Although I suspected that some of the reason for that was Shannon herself and not so much her expertise. 

"Sure, but I don't think it's anything serious." I answered. 

Shannon moved up behind me, I could feel the heat of her body as she moved closer and I suppressed a shiver as her hands touched my neck. She gently moved my hair to the side and began to lightly press on the back of my neck, all the while watching for reaction to pain. 

After searching around and having me point out areas that were a little soar she began to massage the back for my neck and shoulders. I moaned quietly as her hands kneaded and pressed on my shoulder blades. She moved closer and I could feel her breasts pressing against my back, her nipples were hard against my skin. The hot water continued to cascade over us as I leaned into her massaging hands. Slowly, her hands moved down my back, massaging all the way. Her thumbs dipped down to lightly brush against my tailbone. I could feel the excitement building inside me and struggled to control my breathing so as not to give away my true feelings. As her thumbs pressed on either side of my spine, her fingertips feathered lightly on the sides of my waist and stomach. 

Slowly her hands began to move back up until she was level with the bottom of my breasts. Slowly and deliberately, she moved closer behind me and her hands moved under my breasts, cupping softly underneath. A moan escaped my lips before I could stop it. Taking her cue from that admission, Shannon began to kiss the back of my neck while softly kneading my beasts. Running her hands down my belly, she tickled and teased her way to just above my pussy and then moved her hands around to the back and cupped my bottom. Turning me around slowly, she pressed her lips to mine. Kissing a woman was not like I expected it would be. It was softer somehow than kissing a man, more sensuous and slower. Our tongues danced with each other and she pulled me closer to her. 

My hands moved up to cup her breasts and the gently rubbed my thumbs over her nipples, eliciting a soft moan of delight from her lips. Prodded on by the sound (as I've always been), I moved my mouth to her budding nipple and began to swirl my tongue around it. Taking the tip in my mouth I began to suck, first softly and then harder as her moans escalated. 

We slowly sank to the shower floor as I continued my exploration of her body, making my slow way down her belly. When I reached her lower belly, I switched my progress and moved my attentions to her taut calves and thighs. As my searching tongue made it's way closer to her pussy, her breathing became harder and faster. Her moans became close to whimpers as I moved in and lightly touched my tongue to her throbbing clit. 

Flicking gently at first I tested out the feel of her juices on my tongue. Lifting her legs up to allow myself further access I covered her pussy with my mouth, licking out the juices there and tonguing her now hard nub. Her body shook as I explored, alternating between aggressive, thrusting type licks to soft, sensuous tastes. I slowly inserted one finger inside her hot pussy, feeling her muscles contract slightly against my finger. I inserted another and began to move them in and out in slow motions, instinctively she began to rock her body against my fingers and I went back to my feasting. 

Her body began to shake and her moans began groans and whimpers all mixed in to one as her climax built. She arched against me and I grabbed her cheeks and held her pussy to my lips and tongue as she began to cum. Her muscles contracted and began to spill her juices on to my face. I eagerly licked them off and held her until she subsided with a sigh. 

Slowly lowering her body to the floor I held my face up to the water and let it run over me. Savouring for one more moment the feel of my tongue against her clit. Moving my head out of the water I looked her in the eye... and smiled. She returned the smile and we stood up to rinse off. 

"Would you like to come back to my place with me?" she asked.

"Yeah, why not!" I replied.

And with that invitation, we finished showering quickly, and dried each other and got dressed and I got into my car and followed her to her apartment.