 I hate getting lost in the car and lost I most certainly was. I had been traveling through wooded roads for hours it seemed (okay, not really) looking for Camp Cheer-Lee-Dah where I was to begin as a summer instructor. My GPS, handheld, not built into my old small sedan, seemed to be taking me through one small road to another deeper in the woods. I'm pretty sure I crossed some intersections more than once as I rattled up, down, and around the tree darkened roads. The only positive thing to be said for it was that the tree shade reduced the oppressive July heat.

Coming atop a high point, I suddenly saw before me a clear valley of tall grasses, a distant farmhouse, and even more distant grazing cattle. Civilization, at last. Maybe I could stop and ask for help finding the invisible cheerleading camp for which I was searching.

As I came down the rough blacktop road into the sunlit valley, I could feel the higher temperature permeate my weakly air-conditioned Kia. I could see someone riding a small tractor out on the far edge of the farmhouse property. I parked near a ditch and began walking across the knee high pasture grass towards the tractor person. As I approached, I could discern that the operator was a young woman, oblivious to my presence as she drove the noisy tractor away from my position. At last I was able to hail her with wildly waving arms.

The tractor stopped although the loud engine still huffed and belched in neutral. The operator gave me a quizzical look, turned off the engine, and climbed down. "Yeah?" She yelled as she approached my spot on this scorching prairie.

"I'm lost!" I shouted, sounding too frantic than I intended.

The young woman laughed and soon we were standing at a distance for more normal conversation. "Where ya tryin' to get to?" She asked in a friendly manner. Friendly, perhaps, but she still looked at me as if I was the strangest creature she had ever laid eyes on.

"Camp Cheer-Lee-Da." I said. "It's supposed to be around here somewhere but I can't find it and I've been driving around forever." I said in a rush.

"Camp Cheerleader?" She said doubtfully. "Never heard of it."

My heart sank. For all I knew I was on the opposite end of the county. "Oh, darn." I said dejectedly and flopped my arms in despair.

"Ha, just kidding." The young woman said. "It's back the way you came on the far side of that ridgeline."

I practically jumped for joy while laughing at the stranger's joshing deception. I looked around and felt the heavy humidity envelop me on this sundrenched piece of land. "Gawd, it's hot out here." I said.

The woman looked up into the bright sunlit sky. "You get used to it." 

Now that my worries of being lost in the country had been abated, I was able to relax. I noticed that my farmgirl benefactor was not much older than myself. A sunstreaked (from the actual sun, not a bottle) blonde, with broad bare shoulders not surprisingly deeply tanned. She squinted and wore no sunglasses out here in this blinding glare. She was wearing a bandeau top that covered what appeared to be healthy All-American breasts with a hint of cleavage at the top of the material. Bare midriff with a deep navel, above loose fitting cutoff denim shorts that rode low on her hips and high up on her thighs. Long bare legs also deeply tanned ending in low-top canvas Converse sneakers. Oh, and her entire body from her forehead and neckline to her ankles was gleaming from heavy sweat that ran in rivulets down her arms, chest, and legs even as we spoke. 

"C'mon up the house. Get a drink with me. I'll give ya directions." She said and waved me to follow her up the hill towards the farmhouse a few hundred yards away.

I followed and soon lost ground behind her as she effortlessly strode up the hill despite the incline and the unbelievable heat and humidity. By the time I was halfway to the house, I was also drenched in sweat and drooping at the shoulders as I huffed to the finish line. I dragged myself to the summit and walked around the back of the big house that seemed more modern up close than it had from a distance. 

I found the young woman pouring large tumblers of ice water for us on a patio that bordered a huge oddly shaped pool. It was quite a spread behind the unassuming house. The woman handed me the glass which was icy to my touch and I gulped greedily.

"I'm Haley. Thanks for the water." I said with a sigh of relief.

"I'm Amy." She said, watching me over the rim of her glass.

"Wow, it's nice back here." I said. "Too bad you gotta cut all that grass out front."

"Work never bothers me much. I like the sun." She said as she took a slow pull of ice water. "So, what are you, a cheerleader? Looking for that camp I mean."

"Yeah. I'm a cheerleader for Albert-Preston U. and this is my first summer job...if I ever get there." I answered.

"You look like a cheerleader." She said. It didn't sound like a total compliment, though, the way she said it.

"What about you? What do you do all the way out here?" I asked my hostess.

"Oh, I'm home for the summer. I'm a junior at Barnsley."

I had to reassess my impression of Amy with that remark. So she was a student at Barnsley, a high SAT college upstate. I often find myself misjudging people at first impression. It's something I want to change about myself.

I sipped the cold water and studied Amy a little closer now. I could see the intelligence in her eyes, squinting though they may be. She was attractive but not pretty, if you know what I mean. She had some body on her, I thought. I was amazed at how her browned skin shone under all that sweat she was pouring out. Being near the athletic teams at Albert-Preston I was accustomed to see the male and female athletes perspire in their play and workouts. Amy's sweat soaked body was something else again and seemed to suit her.

"Hey, Haley. You're staring." Amy said with a laugh.

"Oh, sorry." I said bashfully. "I just never saw anyone sweat so much." I laughed weakly.

"You're a little drenched yourself." She said with a return laugh.

We chatted for a while as we drank the glorious ice water. Amy said her parents ran the agri-business in Alterra, a small town I came through in my travels up and down these country roads. I told her about my cheerleading instructorship at the camp and a little about my time at APU. Amy slipped out of her converse sneakers and walked barefoot to refill our glasses of ice water. I noticed that the bottom few inches of her buttocks were visible below her cutoff jeans shorts. She handed me a freshly filled glass of water.

"That must have cooled you off." She said with a smirk. I saw her eyes quickly glance down at my sweat soaked thin t-shirt.

"Oh, yeah. Thanks." I said, mortified, realizing my nipples had hardened at the sight of Amy's semi-exposed bottom and my surprising admiration for her glistening tanned skin as we talked. When I looked up at her, I noticed her tube top had visible nipple pokies pointed right at me, also.

"I guess it refreshed both of us." I said and we laughed in unison.

We resumed our conversation, not acknowledging again our mutual notice of each other's hardened nipples. We shared stories of our respective college lives, Amy's solitary farm chores while the parents toiled in town, and my cheerleading at college and my summer camp gig. She was friendly enough, I thought, but had an off-putting, somewhat superior manner about her. Under Amy's gaze I felt a little uncomfortable. I looked out at the pasture behind the house and settled my eyes on the large irregularly shaped pool nearby. "That pool looks good right now." I said with a self-conscious giggle.

"I don't use it too much. I like to sunbathe back here, though." She said. "I get naked. Nobody can see you back here."

The idea of Amy's sweaty body naked was turning me on and yet I felt ill at ease in her presence which kept my sexual interest in check. I couldn't determine if she was testing me somehow or just letting her strange attitude keep me off balance. As I pondered that thought and glanced everywhere but at Amy's judgmental eyes, she suddenly pulled her tube top off over her head. As my eyes widened at the sudden exposure of her quite outstanding breasts, she unbuttoned the waistband of her cutoffs, unzipped and let the shorts drop to the cement at her bare feet. No knickers as the Brits might say. I noticed that she was tanned a deep brown all over her body.

This girl had some body, I thought. She was broad-shouldered with a wide torso supporting her aforementioned full breasts that she now displayed. Her waist was narrow but had softness in her bare belly. Sturdy thighs and shapely calves, as I noticed even in her short cutoffs earlier. Not an athlete, I quickly thought, but someone who had grown up working on this outpost of pasture land and in the barn in the distance. 

"Let's lay out a bit if you're not in a hurry." She said. Was there a dare in her voice? I wondered.

"Well..." I started to hedge.

"C'mon, the camp can wait for a while. Let's get naked." Amy said as she took a step towards me. Standing right in front of me, bare ass naked, and unembarrassed about it, she took my water glass from my hand and placed it on a nearby table. She took the hem of my t-shirt and began pulling it up over my breasts and my head. In this heat, I had gone bra-less and I felt the brilliant sun kiss my breasts and the humid country air seemed to cup my bosom. I could smell newly mown grass emanating from Amy at this close range. Yes, and perhaps a little scent of sweaty body from her naked skin.

"Fuck it." I said quietly as I embraced her sweaty body and let my hands circle her broad perspiring back.

"That's more like it, Haley." She said as she kissed me on the lips and worked her tongue between my lips. She undid the top button of my shorts and unzipped me. I was left standing in my white lace thong.

"Nice, girl." Amy said, standing back to admire me. "Now, get out of those and follow me." She said. 

I scooched out of the thong, kicked off my unlaced Keds, and followed Amy's gently rolling derriere to a corner of the pool. I was looking forward to the cool, clear water. Instead, Amy got down on the hard patio cement and beckoned me to join her. We lay back on the minutely pebbled patio near the pool filter that provided a gentle, bubbling noise in the water near us.

Sprawled out, side by side, we just laid silently for a while. Under the hot sun, I could feel my perspiration begin again in earnest. Even with my eyes closed, there was a sunny yellow tint to my sightlessness. Amy's hand found mine. We pressed hard into each other's hand. 

Suddenly, Amy rolled atop me. I felt her sweaty body slide over my own perspiring torso and the weight of her pushed me down against the gritty patio cement. She covered my face and neck with sloppy kisses. When our mouths met, we kissed deeply and I held onto her.

"I can't believe you fell out of the sky today." She whispered as she nuzzled my bare neck. "Riding that fucking tractor makes me so horny." She spat the words out while running her tongue up my cheek. "And now, here you are." With that, she mashed her mouth against mine and frenched me like some insatiable porno girl.

Amy's weight on top of me, her kissing, and the way our bodies were slicked with perspiration had heated me up even more than this blazing sunshine. I tried to roll her over so I could get my mouth on her breasts but she had me pinned.

"No, girl." She said, feeling my push. "Lay right there. I'm gonna eat your pussy."

It felt good to have her weight off my body where it had been crushed against the gritty patio and now I felt her hot breath on my sun-drenched vaginal lips. It was impossible to raise my eyelids in the bright sunny sky above me so I just closed my eyes tight and let Amy begin to tongue-lap my pussy. 

Amy crooked my right thigh up over her shoulder to open me up as she went down on me. Damn, this country girl got right on my spot, too. 

"Oh, fuck, yes!" I cried into the silent summer air surrounding us.

"Do all the Albert-Preston girls taste as good as you, sweetie?" Amy asked from somewhere between my thighs.

I laughed and hiccupped when I responded. "No. Just me." I said with a wheeze.

Amy stuck her rolled tongue as deep into my orifice as she could go, then twirled it out as if she was licking an inside out ice cream cone. She licked that little hump of skin between my cunt and asshole and I raised my left leg to open myself for her. She licked a long length of my upper inside thigh where I had been sweating during our lie down.

"You're salty, honey." Amy said as she lapped up some of my perspiration. 

She went back down on me and instinctively knew when to back off to keep me from orgasm. She continued eating me slowly but with a delicate touch that was in contrast to her aggressive nature. I was close and I knew the next time she hit my clitoris I would come - hard.

"I want to get on you." I squeaked when she teased my outer lips.

"I thought you'd never ask." She said with a romantic put-on voice.

As we scrambled about on the hard cement, Amy got on her knees, took my left leg, raised it so my foot was cradled in her hands, and sucked my toes into her mouth. I could feel her tongue move between my toes sucking each one individually as she whimpered.

"Hmm, sneaker feet." She said with a smile as she let go of my leg and we got into position to pleasure each other.

We got into a side by side position so we could eat each other. Amy opened her thighs for me and I rested my head on her lower thigh as I took my first taste of my hostess. Her scent was strong. Her pussy was swampy with her hard-work perspiration and the trapped juices of riding her tractor in those denim cutoffs. I breathed in a lungful of her aroma and lapped her pussy. Amy gifted me with a pleasing sigh when I made contact with her. She had already gotten me warmed up with her earlier cunnilingus. I was loving the feeling of her head pressed into my box and her tongue working its magic on me.

My position was such that my nose was close to her anus and the whiff of her earthiness inspired me to rim her. Amy groaned and dropped her raised thigh atop my head, trapping me to continue eating her asshole. There was something about this whole scene this afternoon, naked and exposed on this patio (even though secluded), Amy's aggressive superiority, her sexy, sweat-soaked body, and now, this heady aroma of Amy's pussy and asshole that was making me lose myself in the moment. I lapped my tongue around her asshole. I felt Amy roll back and off my pussy as I went deep on her trying to get my tongue in the tight ring of her anus.

"Oh, fuck, that feels so good." Amy sighed. She reached down and pulled her asscheeks apart for me.

In a moment, she was back on my pussy, aiming for my clitoris. She squeezed a free hand between us to finger her own clit as I focused on her asshole. 

"Don't stop, Haley. Don't stop." She wheezed out as I rimmed her and drew in her scent.

We were both quivering from the action on our respective clits and there was a ringing in my head from my closeness to orgasm and accepting the shame of eating this strange girl's sweaty asshole. I got my tongue inside her anus, she was rubbing herself with furious passion, and batting my clitoris with her tongue.

We both screamed at the same time. We both went rigid with orgasm wracking our bodies.

"Oh, fuck. Yes!" We cried simultaneously. Then we fell apart, rolling to the hard patio cement side by side, heads at either end of each other.

"I only wanted directions to the camp." I giggled after a moment of silence.

"I still have to cut the back acres." Amy said breathlessly and rested her arm across my belly.

We took a brief dip in the cold pool water to refresh ourselves. We kissed and had a tender moment before we climbed out. We dried ourselves wordlessly and stole glances at each other as we re-dressed ourselves.

Back on the hill in the front of the farmhouse, my car looked lonely and forlorn abandoned on the far road below us. Amy pointed the way to the camp and gave some brief, simple directions for me. We parted with a lingering kiss and Amy patted my shoulder as I turned to walk back to my car.

"You know where to find me if you get lonely up there." Amy called after me.

I turned to blow her a kiss. "I'll be back."