 Regina and I have several classes together at the local college. She has been trying to get me to go different places with her for a long time. I like her well enough, I mean heck, I think I'm actually in love with her. I get this silly mushy feeling every time I get around her. She's about as pretty and sexy as they come. She's a tall girl with long slender legs, a slim waist, and enough boobs to choke an alligator. I feel a deep burning desire to touch those breasts every time I see her. They're perfectly shaped globes of sexuality. I don't know; they may be loaded with plastic, but I'd damn sure like to find out for myself. But something about her scares me.

Well, it's not really her that scares me so much; it's her friends and their beliefs. They're witches, Wiccas. I'm a Christian. Even though I'm wild about Reggie, that's what everybody calls her, our friends and families would not mesh.

If my family even suspected how I felt about Reggie, there would be a serious problem because I am also female. I know; this is completely against my religious upbringing, but I can't help it, I'm really crazy about the girl.

I don't know what to do except try to stay away from her. But that isn't working because when she's not around, I'm thinking about her, besides, I see her every day in class. I have resigned myself to the fact; a relationship with her simply can never happen and I'll have to be content with getting to look at her once in a while.

It's not easy, every time I see Reggie I want to tell her how I feel about her. That scares me too because I don't think she's gay. It's not like she's trying to get me to go out on a date with her, she's just trying to get me to go to some of the things she and her friends go to.

#

Last Friday was a special night; it was Halloween. My little brother was so excited about going trick-or-treating he could hardly wait for the sun to begin to set. I had promised to take him around the neighborhood to claim his bag of goodies.

The cold light of a full moon softly shone through the nearly bare tree branches, playing eerie shadows across the lawns, sidewalks, and streets of the neighborhood. Every time the breeze blew, the tree limbs would move. The shadows dancing around us scared my little brother. I had to laugh at the little fellow; he kept walking closer and closer to me.

On one front porch, a plastic skeleton moved and spoke. It screamed, "What do you want?"

Poor little Randy nearly messed his pants, screamed, and tried to climb inside my coat. I tried not to laugh at him, but I couldn't help it. It took me a while to get him calmed down enough to go to the last few houses on our street.

The next to the last house was the one that took me by surprise. The woman who answered Randy's quiet knock on the door was beautiful. It was Reggie! It surprised me because that's not where she lived. She was wearing a long, flowing dress made of some kind of nearly transparent, shiny royal-purple fabric. She looked absolutely stunning in the sexy dress. I could see she was wearing nothing under it except a black-satin thong. I could also see her nipples trying to press their way through the thin fabric as the cool breeze blew through the open door. I was getting more excited than a mosquito at a nudist colony. Finally, I got my breath back enough to speak. "Reggie! What are you doing here?" I asked.

"My friend Tonya lives here. I'm helping her with the trick-or-treaters while she gets things ready for our ceremony tonight," she answered.

"I didn't know Tonya was one of your friends," I replied.

"Oh yeah, for a long time," Reggie said.

"I mean, I didn't know she was a witch," I said.

"I know what you meant. And the word is Wicca. We're just like everyone else, except we have a few beliefs most people consider strange," she said.

"I didn't mean to offend you," I apologized.

"You didn't. We're going to be starting around 10:00. Why don't you come back? You'll have fun and see what I'm talking about," she said.

"You know that kinda stuff ain't for me," I replied.

The whole time we were talking, little Randy was standing there below us, holding his goody bag open, and quietly repeating, "Trick or treat, trick or treat, trick or treat."

Reggie finally took notice. "Oh, I'm sorry, Honey." She held a huge bowl containing umpteen different kinds of candy down in front of him. "Pick what you like." Randy's little face lit up as he gazed into the well-stocked bowl.

"You just set yourself up for a long evening, he'll never make up his mind. He likes 'em all," I laughed.

"That's no problem," she said. Picking through the bowl, she tossed one of each kind of candy into his bag. "I didn't know you had a kid."

"I don't, this is my little brother, Randy," I explained.

"Oh, hello, little brother Randy," she said, placing a final piece of candy in his bag.

"How 'bout that kind," Randy mumbled, pointing to a miniature York Peppermint Patty buried in the bowl.

"Sharp little fellow, isn't he," she laughed.

"Too sharp, sometimes," I agreed. "He's five. What do you say, Randy?"

"Trick or treat," he said.

"No, Randy, you already said that. What are you supposed to say after they put candy in your bag?" I asked.

"Got more?" he smiled at Reggie, who had knelt down to him.

"Randy! You know what you're supposed to say!" I said.

"Oh, yeah, thank you," he finally said with a grin. "You're certainly welcome, Mr. Randy," Reggie said, looking back up at me. "You should come back tonight. You never know, you might see something you really like."

Turning away with Randy's hand in mine to leave, I mumbled under my breath, "I already have; that sexy dress, I like that."

"What was that?" Reggie asked.

"I said, 'I don't really have a sexy dress like that'," I lied.

"You like my dress? Thank you," she said with a coy grin.

"It's sexy as all get out," I replied. "It looks great on you. But it's a bit too revealing for me to wear."

She turned to look at herself in the full-length mirror hanging on the wall next to the door. "Oh my," she replied, trying to cover herself a little with her arms. "I was getting dressed when you knocked on the door. I just grabbed this to toss on. Damn, I didn't realize it was so see-through without the inner lining."

"I like it that way, but I don't think I could wear it out in public," I replied.

She turned back toward me, dropped her arms to her sides, gave me a sexy smile, and said, "You don't have to wear a dress like this, you can come any way you want, even shorts are okay. If you show up tonight, maybe I'll wear it this way just for you after the ceremony."

I couldn't even reply to that remark; I didn't know how. I simply smiled at her, turned, and walked away with Randy. All the way home, all I could think about was Regina in that sexy dress and those beautiful, hard nipples glaring back at me.

#

After getting Randy home at 7:45 p.m., I went to my room to get ready to go to a small Halloween party at a friend's house. It was one of those local things that happens every year and every year it's the same old thing. Mostly it's a waste of time, but my parents approved of it. Even though I am twenty years old, I still live at home and will until I finish college. I can go anywhere I want, but it just makes things a lot easier at home if I live within their established perimeters.

The whole time I was getting ready to go, my mind kept going back to Reggie and that sexy dress she had on. I could spend all evening just staring at her in that thing. But instead, I'll be spending the evening with a bunch of my parent's boring friends, while all the witches get to ogle Reggie in my gorgeous dress. I mean, in her gorgeous dress.

Sitting in front of my vanity mirror, I found myself experimenting with my makeup. I wear very little makeup; it isn't proper for a young lady to wear too much makeup. Just ask my parents, they'll tell ya.

I looked at the pretty woman looking back at me from the mirror. "Wow, ain't you a hot mama!" I smiled.

It had taken me over thirty minutes to create the look I wanted. Grabbing a handful of facial tissues, I removed the greater portion of it. I gathered the things I needed, placed them in a plastic zip-lock baggie, and carefully laid the bag inside the overnight bag I was packing. I put my very short, leather mini-skirt, and vest into the bag. These were things I had bought on a whim a few years ago. My parents would have a cow and try to rush me off to some kind of home for wayward girls if they knew I owned such horrible things. I, of course, had never worn them, other than in the privacy of my own bedroom. You know, just to see what I would look like as a sex kitten. I have to say; I really looked hot in them with the pair of black, fishnet stockings I had gotten to go with them. The spiked high heels helped the picture a lot too.

I guess you figured it out by now; I had no intention of attending the party my parents thought I was going to. I couldn't stand the idea of Reggie being just down the street from me, wearing her magnificent dress with everybody but me seeing her in it.

Mom and Dad knew I would be staying a Jennifer's house after her party, so they wouldn't question the overnight bag I would be carrying out the door. I would stop by the gas station, go into the ladies room, don my sexy clothes, and fix my makeup. Then I would go have my heart slowly ripped asunder as I watched Reggie, in that beautiful dress, do whatever it is witches do on All Hallows Eve. I couldn't figure out why I wanted to put myself through such hell. I mean, I knew seeing her like that all evening would make me want her all that much more, and I also knew, I couldn't have her. Sometimes I really treat myself terribly.

#

After beating a hasty retreat from the house, in a conservative dress and my long coat. I went to the gas station, took care of things there, and knocked on Tonya's door at 9:45.

"Oh my God! I can't believe it, you actually showed up!" Reggie exclaimed when she saw me standing at the door.

"Me either," I replied.

"Come inside. I'm in shock," she teased.

"Yeah, me too. I must be running on 220 volts tonight; that's how shocked I am." I tried to smile normally.

"Here, let me take your coat. Damn, I'm so glad you came tonight." Her beautiful smile was already going to work on my heart. Her dress was still gorgeous too, even with the inner lining under it. Thank God, it wasn't quite so revealing now. I would have enjoyed seeing her wearing it the way it had been earlier that evening, but I found myself growing jealous with the thought of all those other women seeing her dressed like that. Isn't that strange? I have no claim on her. I would love to, but I don't.

I turned my back toward her and let my coat fall back over my shoulders. Reggie pulled it from my arms. I thought her eyes were going to pop out when I turned around to face her.

"Holy shit, girl! What the hell are you trying to do to me!" Reggie exclaimed. "You look fantastic! I would have never thought of you in an outfit like that!"

"It's new. I bought it just for tonight," I lied.

"Well, if nothing else comes out of tonight, I'll have one helluva gorgeous picture of you to think about from now on." She grinned.

"Whadaya mean by that?" I asked.

"Nothing… I just… like the way you look, that's all," she stammered a bit.

"Oh, cool. I like the way you look too," I replied.

"You seemed to have liked this dress better earlier this evening," she teased.

I couldn't tear my gaze from the beautiful eyes staring back at me. "Well, I guess I have to admit to that. I found it quite interesting to say the least."

"Wonderful, and I'll keep the promise I made to you then, after the festivities are over," she purred. "Come on, let me introduce you around. We only have a few minutes before things get started."

"What sort of things?" I asked.

"Don't worry about it. There won't be anything that will upset you. We don't worship Satan, nor do any of the other horrible things most people seem to think we do. You'll see; it's actually quite a lovely ceremony. You'll enjoy it."

"I sure hope so. I have to tell you, it scared the beejebbers outta me to come here tonight," I admitted.

"You will, trust me," she said. "Can I ask you something?"

"Sure," I replied.

"Why did you come tonight?" she asked.

Her question took me by surprised. I wasn't prepared to answer her truthfully. "I don't know; just curious, I guess."

"About what we do?" she prodded on.

"Yeah, I guess, among other things," I replied.

"Like, maybe, the promise I made about wearing my dress just for you later?" she forged on.

"That might have had something to do with it," I tried to sound innocent.

Her beautiful smile spread across her entire face. Slipping her arm around my waist, she purred, "Great. Now, come on, I want to introduce you to everyone."

She quickly led me around the room introducing me to the members of her small coven. They seemed like very nice ladies. That's right, I said ladies, there wasn't a male in the bunch.

#

Moments later, everyone scurried out the back door to began the ceremony. I hadn't a clue what to expect. I was quite relieved when I discovered Reggie was making sure I stayed right by her side.

It was a perfect night for Reggie and her friends. Not only was it All Hallows Eve, there was also a full moon; a very rare full moon, the second full moon inside a single month, or a blue moon. For it to happen to fall on Halloween was about as rare as a handsome, kindhearted, rich, unattached male. This only happens on an average of once every nineteen years, only four times in the twentieth century in our area. But for a total lunar eclipse to occur at the same time is… well, the chances are simply astronomical. That's why the little Wicca group was so excited and had set their starting time at 10:00 p.m. to coincide with the eclipse.

I must say I was quite impressed with their ceremony. It was very lovely in fact. It was also nothing like I had thought it would be. After it was all over, I wondered why I had been so frightened of her religion. I guess people hear tales and decide they're all true. I was glad I had gotten an opportunity to witness for myself that these tales are not always so. The ceremony lasted well into the wee hours of the morning because of the unusual circumstances of that particular night.

Apparently Tonya is the High Priestess, or whatever they call her, because she seemed to be heading up the entire affair. Standing 5'10", not counting the heaping mounds of glitter-sprayed, raven-black hair piled high atop her head in big sweeping curls, her slender figure resembled a statue of a Greek Goddess erected before the alter. She looked so beautiful with the brilliant moonlight shimmering off of her long, black satin gown and that gorgeous hair. The combination of moonlight and the flickering light from the ceremonial fire at the center of the circle of ladies created an eerie glow around her. It was easy to see why she was the leader of the group, or coven, as I think they called themselves. Through out the ceremony Tonya moved with the grace and poise of a well-trained dancer. Each flowing movement was deliberate and concise, exacting exquisite images of nature in bloom and a celebration of life in my mind.

I have to admit, the ceremony was a festival of beauty, but that is another story for another time. As soon as it was over, most of them left for their homes. Within thirty minutes, there was no one left except for Tonya, Reggie, and myself. The cleanup took hardly any time at all; the ladies hadn't really made any kind of mess. I'm not use to that kind of party.

"I'm beat," Tonya said. "I'm going to bed. Reggie, you're staying over for the night, aren't you?"

"Yes, I'll use the spare room," she replied.

"How about you," Tonya asked, looking at me.

"Well, I really…" I started.

"Yes, she can share the spare room with me. There's plenty of room," Reggie cut in.

"Cool," Tonya said with a grin. "I'll see you two in the morning, late in the morning." She headed upstairs.

"I hope that was okay with you," Reggie said, a sheepish, did-I-just-screw-up grin on her adorable little face.

"Yeah, sure. But there's few things you should probably know about me first," I replied.

"What, that you're gay and have a bad case of the hots for me?" she asked in a rather matter-of-fact tone.

She'd blindsided me with that one. I didn't know what to say. "Well, I wasn't… well… I mean, I wanted…" I stammered in a complete loss for words. "God, why don't you just hit me over the head with a brick and get it over with?" "What's the matter, cat got your tongue?" she teased.

"It'd be kinda hard for the cat to get my tongue while you're standing on it like this," I replied. "Besides, I don't just have a case of the hots for you, Regina." My voice grew weak. "I'm in love with you. I have been for a long time."

"You think I don't know that?" she asked.

"I didn't realize I had been so obvious about it. I didn't mean to wave it around like a flag for the whole world to see," I replied, still stunned.

"I doubt anyone else saw it. But how could I not help but to notice?" she said. "The way you look at me all the time made it pretty obvious. I don't know about you, but those stares were damn sure setting me on fire. I had to go home and change my underwear on more than one occasion before I could go to work after you had sat there in class all afternoon undressing me with those beautiful eyes of yours."

My face must have turned beet-red; I could feel the heat in my cheeks. "I'm so embarrassed," I replied. "I tried so hard to make sure no one ever found out I was in love with a woman. I guess I wasn't very convincing about it."

"You don't have anything to be embarrassed about. I loved every minute of it. Why do you think I got so excited when you showed up here tonight? Come on; let's sit by the fireplace for a while. I'll get us something to drink," she said.

A nervous wreck, I waited on the sofa for her. She was gone so long I began to worry that perhaps she'd decided that she'd had enough fun at my expense and had slipped off to bed. My heart did a slow-motion imitation of the Titanic.

#

After nearly ten long minutes, which seemed like forever, Reggie rushed from the kitchen. "Sorry for taking so long. I changed clothes."

Suddenly, my heart reversed course and did a pretty decent imitation of the U.S. Navy commercial you always see with the submarine breaching high into the air from the dark depths of the ocean. She was wearing that sexy dress the way she had promised, with nothing under it except the tiny, black-satin thong. I must've looked pretty ridiculous sitting there with my mouth hanging open, drooling all down my chin.

I finally managed to get my mouth back into gear after several quick sips from the glass of the milk she had brought me. "I thought you were talking about booze when you said you were getting us something to drink."

"Oh, I'm sorry. Let me look, Tonya might have something like that around here somewhere. Wiccas don't normally drink alcohol. We try not to put anything harmful into our bodies. I wasn't thinking, you're not Wicca. There's probably some sodas in the fridge if you'd like one."

"No, no, the milk's fine. Can we go for a walk in the garden? It's so beautiful out there tonight with that big moon shining down on everything now that the eclipse is over."

"Sure, but unless you want me to cover this dress up with a big old, heavy, ugly coat, you gotta promise to keep me warm out there," she said with a coy little grin.

"Promise," I said, my heart pounding.
