 She sat down behind me, gently placing her legs on either side of my crossed legs. Slowly, as if trying to refrain from disturbing my peaceful state, she put her hands behind her and pushed herself closer to my body, until her warm thighs pressed against my uncovered, chilly lower back. Goosebumps raised themselves against her thighs. She pressed her pelvis against the bottom of my spine and I shuddered. Slowly, she leaned forward until her breasts touched my naked back, skin on skin. Pushing her breasts slowly into my back, we were now in full contact with one another. It was intoxicating.

I shuddered again as she softly placed both of her hands on the backs of my hands resting on my knees. Gently but firmly, she pulled her hands up my forearms, around the bend of my elbows, and up my chilly upper arms. The warmth of her palms on my cool skin made me let out a gentle, comforted sigh. Her hands ran over my shoulders, then down across my collar bone. With her middle finger, she softly pressed into the muscles under my collar bone and made little firm circles, massaging my chest muscles. Relieving the pressure and ending the little massage, her hands continued to explore.

Back and forth over my pectoral area, her hands then drifted south. Lifting her hands slightly, all four of her fingertips on each hand trailed a tickled line down my chest, approaching but slowing before reaching my areolae. My nipples hardened to the light touch. Smiling, her fingers proceeded, and then drew light circles around my breasts. I sighed again in pleasure. Her nails grazed my skin with each pass on the far side of the circles she made around my breasts, eliciting a small gasp from me each time.

Her palms dropped onto my hardened nipples and she grasped my breasts firmly. Pushing them together, massaging the soft tissue, rubbing the goose bump-covered skin, she played and breathed deeply as she enjoyed herself. Placing her chin on my left shoulder, I could feel her hot breath on my left ear, and the already building moisture between my legs grew.

Adjusting her arms to rest on my hips and thighs, her hands moved down from over my breasts to my flat tummy. Back and forth, she ran her right hand over my soft skin, grazing the underside of my breasts with her nails every so often. Her right hand passed over the top of my mons, and my wetness grew once more. Running her hand back up my stomach and giving my right breast one final squeeze, she brought her hand slowly back down.

Slowly, teasingly, her playful fingertips traveled, with confident pressure, over my panty-covered mound. She stopped her hand right before the top of my slit. I held my breath and my heart jumped. She bunched up the fabric over my mons and pulled on it gently, so the silk slid over and between my wet folds. Letting go of the panties, she once again pressed her fingertips confidently down on my mons. Pressing forward, her hand stopped again just before the top of my slit. Her middle finger pressed slightly harder, and moved forward, putting pressure through my mons onto my swollen clit. A shaky gasp escaped my throat.

Letting up from the gentle pressure, her middle finger pressed forward over my wetness, pushing all the way down my slit, but not pushing inside. Her finger pressed against the damp fabric hovering over my entrance, she applied a little bit more pressure, her now wet finger making contact with my hole. Another ragged gasp escaped from my trembling lips. With more pressure this time, she ran her finger back up my slit. She stopped at the top. I spread my legs wide, pressing the balls of my feet together, allowing my already swollen labia to part. My inner labia separated slowly, sticky with juices. I was completely open for her.

Her middle finger hovering over my clitoris, now only covered by my panties, she pressed gently on the fabric until the wet silk made contact with my clit. The fabric was chilly from air exposure at first, a pleasantly shocking sensation, then quickly warmed to her touch and my wet bud. She made slow, hard circles around my clitoris, rubbing and pushing on the little button. She would press on the center of it, slowly move her finger to the right, and let it spring out from under her finger, sending a shockwave of pleasure through my whole body.

To my dismay, she stopped. I huffed in aroused impatience. Hooking her thumbs under the hips of my underwear, she pulled them down towards my thighs. I gently lifted myself and allowed her to pull my panties down as far as she could over my thighs. Bringing my bent legs together, I quickly pulled the panties over my knees and threw them across the room with a trembling hand. She giggled.

When I brought my legs back down with the balls of my feet pressed against each other once again, she gently placed her warm palms on the insides of my knees, then dragged them slowly up my inner thighs, stopping just before she reached my crotch. She pushed her palms back down my thighs and ran them over my knees, then up the outside of my thighs. Giggling with delight, she teased me like this one or two more times.

Clearing her throat, she gently placed her fingertips on the insides of my knees. Tantalizingly slowly, she ran her finger tips up my long inner thighs. Her hands stopped just before reaching my engorged lower lips. Lifting each of her thumbs gently, she grazed my outer labia with the backs of her thumbs, the nail dragging along the smooth, soft skin. I gasped loudly. My vaginal walls contracted from the sensation, sending arousal flooding down, over my dark pink inner labia, trickling down over my perineum and disappearing into the darkness under me, tickling my anus pleasantly.

Keeping her left hand on my inner thigh, she gave it a light squeeze, and kept her warm palm firmly in place, gently massaging my flesh. With her right hand, she gently placed it back on my stomach and began sliding it down towards my mound.

Her fingertips pushed forward over my silky smooth skin. Her middle finger made contact with the top of my slit and I gasped aloud. I thought my heart was going to burst, it was pounding so hard. Passing over my now throbbing clit, her middle finger gently nuzzled between my slick labia and moved down through my folds, her pointer and ring finger on either side sliding down the inner lips of my swollen vulva. My breathing quickened.

Her middle finger teased my opening, then flicked my perineum. Pushing a little bit harder this time, she dipped her middle finger into my dripping hole and gently pressed upwards, just inside my vagina. I sighed contentedly.

Removing her middle finger from my sex with a wet sound, she pressed her middle finger back between my folds until it was now in contact with my inner labia, and languidly ran her wet finger up my slit, allowing the juices from my sex to coat me. Her other fingers lifted gently away to allow her middle finger to roam free.

She reached my clitoris and stopped. I gasped. Her middle finger pressed to the right of the erect nub and I moaned as my eyes rolled back into my head. She drew slow circles around my clit as she pressed her warm palm into my mons. The full contact of her hand drove me crazy. It felt like there was electricity running straight from my clit to the rest of my body, making me hot all over, causing me to squirm.

Quickening the pace, she pressed her middle finger harder onto my puffy clitoris. I was getting close. She ran her middle finger back down my slit, and dipped her finger into my throbbing hole, deeper this time, dragging her finger pad along the G spot on my vaginal wall. With the wetness her finger gathered, she ran her finger back up my slit and began gliding over my now soaking wet bud.

After a few cocky circles, she began stroking my clit faster and faster. My breathing quickened with her pace. Her middle finger hit my bud over and over again, sending wave after wave of maddening pleasure to my face, shoulders, and legs. I felt like I was dying. Furiously rubbing her hand back and forth as her middle finger pad stroked and worked my wet clit again and again, I couldn't take any more. The pleasure was welling up inside me. My vaginal walls pulsated to the sensations of her stroking and rubbing my clit. Her right bicep flexed against my right upper arm with how hard and strong she rubbed my nub. Back and forth, faster and faster, her hot breath in my ear, my heart pounded furiously. My vaginal walls contracted hard. Wet arousal pumped out of my soaking opening as I tensed and screamed. I gushed as I came, the arousal running down my perineum and over my anus, the warmth giving me even more pleasure.

I screamed out an exasperated, "UGH!!" as my arousal peaked and flooded my brain with fireworks and light. I squeezed my eyes shut and winced in overwhelming pleasure as the orgasm rocked my body. 

I sighed as the sensations faded and fizzled out. My face relaxed and I fell back against her chest, exhausted. She removed her hands, scooted back from me, and began alternating between rubbing my back and then moving them down, under my arms, and around my sides so she could gently massage my breasts. The sensations had a calming effect after such a powerful orgasm.