 Matt's mom arrived home with food for dinner. She pulled her SUV hybrid into the driveway and waved politely at Emily's older brother, Brian, who was sitting lazily on a lawn chair in the back yard drinking a beer with two friends. Brian graduated high school two years ago and didn't go to college. Instead, every day he cuts lawns and drinks beer, usually shirtless. That was her perception anyhow. Also, he must work out. Mom didn't mind taking in his muscular upper body, glistening with sweat from the day, as he turned and lifted his head and pointed with his beer in her direction. His two friends followed with their eyes. Mom saw knowing smiles on their faces as they nodded their heads and snickered. She was honestly slightly nervous around them and seldom did more than wave from her car and hurry into her house when they were around.

Mom knew she met the definition of most young mens' definition of a MILF. She was fit, tall with long legs and long blonde hair. To complete the package she was blessed, (or cursed?) with heavy breasts that stretched out most of her sports bras very quickly. Her nipples were always poking through her top too. It was hard to keep a man's eyes from her chest when making conversation. 

Tonight, she was feeding her physically-handicapped son, Matt, and his new girlfriend, Emily, who was staying the night. Earlier in the week, Mom brokered a deal with Emily to go on a date with Matt and stay the night hoping her son could have his first sexual experience. Emily was an adorable, blonde cheerleader that Matt had a crush on. To Mom's surprise, Emily revealed the feelings were mutual. 

The timing was perfect since Emily's parents were away for the weekend and gave her permission to stay until they got back on Monday. Friday night came, after much anticipation for Matt, and Mom. She wanted her son to lose his virginity at the same age she did. Persuading Emily to help her out was Mom's birthday gift to him. 

Mom brought in a couple bags of groceries along with some clothing she bought Emily as a gift. Truth be told, she bought Emily some sexy clothes in case she needed another outfit to change into this weekend. 

Dropping the groceries on the table, Mom took the clothes and went looking for Emily and Matt. She approached his door. It was closed. Would she walk in and see his son getting some head or something? At least she heard the TV on. Then, putting her ear to the door, she heard laughing and Emily talking to Matt. Her voice was bubbly and full of sunshine. Smiling, Mom knocked on the door. "Matt...Emily."

The door opened and Emily, cute as can be, and with noticeably wet hair, smiled at Mom and stepped out. "Hi Mrs. Lacey." Emily closed the door behind her. Mom caught a brief scent of pussy and looked down at the bag of clothing she carried, smiling. "Matt's taking a shower and will probably be awhile."

"Eve. Please, call me Eve."

"Okay, Eve." Emily looked up at Matt's Mom with such deceptively innocent eyes. Her gaze paused, briefly, at Mom's breasts, and her cheeks reddened. "I think your son is liking our date so far." Her cheeks blushed again as she turned her head, breaking eye contact. "What do you have there? Something for Matt?" 

"In a way, but it's actually for you."

Emily squeaked with excitement and gave a quick cheerleader jump. Mom was mesmerized by her chest as her over-sized but perky tits bounced beneath her sweater. Surprisingly, she felt a pulse of arousal. Clearing her throat, "follow me". 

Eve led Emily into her bedroom and carefully laid the new clothes onto her bed. "So that's why you asked me what my size was earlier."

"I got you a couple of things with you...and my son in mind". Mom smiled and actually blushed, herself, after looking over the outfits she had bought Emily. 

"I love them! Mind if I try them on so you can tell me how they look before Matt sees me in them?" Without waiting for an answer, Emily pulled off her cropped, fuzzy sweater-top and turned her head to look at the clothes on the bed. Her breasts pointed right at Eve and were exceptional. Perky, quarter-sized nipples that were stiff and pointing outwards slightly. Eve's desire grew...she wanted to suck on one. It had been a long time since last had. Her pussy warmed. 

Emily unzipped the back of her tight, beige skirt. The zipper caught for a few moments. Emily's back arched and chest pushed out even more as she struggled with the zipper. Her beautiful blonde hair fell down her back sexily. Finally the zipper gave and her skirt dropped to the floor. No panties, Eve noted. Instead Emily was shaved bare except for a pin-stripe mohawk of blonde fur coming up a few inches above her clit. Eve admired Emily's pale, pink lips and hooded clit. Her young nipples matched although they did look a bit swollen and reddish. Perhaps she masturbated? Or did her son already have a little fun with this hot little tart?

"I've never worn a bikini before!" Emily pulled on the bottoms first. It was truly tiny. Emily's pussy mound was barely covered by the thin, dark fabric. The skin on either side of her slit remained uncovered. She had what Matt's friends called, 'a sweet gap'. 

"It's going to be hot tomorrow, I thought you and Matt could work on your tans", Eve said, a bit too huskily, her arousal growing. 

Next, Emily tied on the top. She had to pull the strings several times to stretch the tiny top enough in order to tie it. The thin fabric covered most of her breasts but the bottoms of her pale boobs peeked out underneath each bikini top section. "How do I look?", Emily asked, considering herself in a nearby mirror. 

Eve crossed her legs, embarrassed that she was so turned on by watching this young girl. She also sensed her nipples becoming irritated as they hardened. They were pushing her sports bra out. Quickly, she picked up the bag that the clothes came in and discreetly covered her shame with it. She uncrossed her legs, hoping to relieve the warm itching. "You look amazing. Boys must be all over you." 

Emily looked over a shoulder and blinked her eyes "and a girl or two...". She looked Eve in the eyes for a long moment, and then blew a kiss before returning to gaze at herself in the mirror. "Have you ever...um..."

Eve held her breath, her heart raced. "Have I ever...what?"

Emily didn't take her eyes off herself in the mirror, but smiled and dipped her chin. "Been with a girl." She giggled.

Eve instinctively licked her lips and stood still, not sure what to do or say. 

"I have!" Emily squeaked beaming and blushing and looking back at Eve again. Emily's gaze dropped to Eve's lap. Up her skirt. She giggled again and started playing with her hair.

Eve's desire piqued. Her eyes darted to the door. Closed. Matt's shower was still running. The little hornball was probably beating off. She breathed in. Heat pulsed between her legs. Her nipples stiffened uncomfortably. She got up and walked behind Emily. The bag she was holding dropped to the floor next to Emily's discarded skirt. 

"Well have you?" Emily faced the mirror, modeling herself with her hands up, posing her hair.

Eve put her head up to Emily's bare shoulder. The scent of youthful femininity was intoxicating. She smiled, naughtily, and looked Emily in the eyes through the reflection. "Not in a long time."

Eve pulled the string of Emily's bikini top. Emily kept eye contact, blushed, but kept her pose with both hands holding her long, blonde hair up, exposing her neck while the top fell from her breasts to the floor. 

Eve inhaled before kissing Emily's neck. Lightly. Gently. Emily closed her eyes and let her hair fall. She moved her hands behind Eve's head, encouraging her to continue. Eve pulled her hair aside to kiss her ear. Emily breathed heavily, her breasts heaving in the mirror. Her eyes stayed shut.

Eve kissed down her neck to her shoulder. She picked up both of Emily's hands and held them outward slightly and began rotating her around. Slowly. 

Emily opened her eyes. She was quite aroused. Her nipples had no shame and were poking straight out. Holding Eve's head, she moved into her for a long, wet kiss. She stood on her toes. Their tongues touched. Wet flicking and fluttering as they played in each others' mouths.

Eve reached down and untied Emily's bottoms. They clung to one hip before dropping. Her fingers traced over Emily's tailbone and then moved down lower. Her anus was so small and tight, Eve barely felt it as her middle finger swept past, onward to her bare cunt. It was beyond wet. Juices covered her finger as Emily thrust herself onto Eve's digit. Her sopping wet pussy slid along Eve's finger. 

Eve grabbed the back of Emily's hair, their mouths still connected, and pulled her to the bed. Emily fell onto it, slightly startled. Eve waited no more. She knelt between Emily's open legs and put her hands on her inner thighs spreading them. Such a sight. The delicate, young musk of her pussy overwhelmed Eve's senses. Her hungry mouth, wet from kissing, closed onto Emily's young, wet pussy. Her tongue dove inside hot, slick labia, licking her pink folds all over. Her tongue received a squirt. She swallowed it.

Emily writhed on the bed, her breasts heaving up and down with heavy breath. Eve's tongue penetrated her girl hole again and again then switched to bathing her clit, always lapping up the noisy juices. Her small hands gripped the bed's comforter, pulling it in two places, as she cried out in ecstasy. 

Eve's mouth was sprayed with pussy juice when Emily came. It took her two swallows to get it all down. She felt coolness on her cheeks and forehead, all wet. She lapped up all of Emily's juices, licking her hole and lips all around, insatiable. Emily stilled, the orgasm over. Her own pussy burned, begging to be touched. 

She stood up, reached behind and unzipped her skirt. She then undid her top letting her breasts bounce free. She felt their weights as gravity made them bounce and jiggle. Her nipples ached with soreness. She used both hands to pull on them, staring at Emily's splayed, nude young body. She panted, her pulse audible in her ears. 

Catlike, Eve approached Emily's prone form. As she moved forward, she kissed Emily inside her left thigh and made a trail of kisses up her belly and to her left breast. She flicked Emily's hard nipple with her tongue before pulling on it with her teeth. Emily gasped. Her back arched, electrified.

Eve sucked on her nipple the way she liked to be sucked. Some lips, some teeth. She hoped Emily was attentive. Leaning forward on one elbow, one hand gathered up Emily's splayed hair and pulled it. The other reached between Emily's thighs and began rubbing her clit. The taste of Emily's pussy was fresh on her tongue and lips as she toyed the girl's nipples, one then the other, back and forth between them. 

Emily held Eve's head in both hands, keeping her close. Her breathing rose into sporadic bursts of exhalation as she came again. Eve stopped rubbing her clit and quickly sank her middle finger into Emily's pussy. She felt the soft tissue of the girl's g-spot as her finger curled inside her. Emily's vagina accepted it easily. Eve added her index finger. Emily's pussy lips stretched to take them. 

Moaning, Emily raised her head and kissed Eve deeply on the mouth. Eve pushed her fingers in and out of Emily's tight pussy. Emily's hips rose up with each thrust until they were high in the air. She felt the girl's pussy tighten and quickly moved her ring finger to her ass, pushing it in. Young Emily's anus was smothered in pussy juice but was impossibly tight all the same. Her anal opening resisted her finger. The girl's pussy squeezed Eve's two fingers every more tightly. Sensing orgasm, Eve sank her third finger deeply into the girl's anus. Emily's mouth ceased kissing and her head fell back, mouth open, as she came with both her holes. Her hips bucked on Eve's fingers, stuffed tightly into her young, pussy hole. Wetness spurt from the girl's pussy as she gasped for air. The moaning was deep ending in high pitched whimpering. 

Eve slid her fingers out of the girl and up to her nose. The aroma was overwhelming. She brought them to Emily's slightly pursed lips. Emily opened her mouth and hesitatingly licked the tip of Eve's index and middle fingers, avoiding her ring finger. Eve made a show of sucking on her own ring finger that was in the girl's ass, taking it deep into her own mouth. She sucked with a few motions, then pulled it out, a knowing smirk on her lips. Eve then pushed the two fingers that were in the girl's pussy into Emily's mouth. The girl took them, her tongue cleaning and tasting her own pussy juices until none was left. 

Eve's arousal could wait no longer. She advanced onto Emily and got on all fours on the bed. She placed her own pussy over Emily's young, pretty face. The girl was staring, awestruck, at her hanging labia. Eve opened her pussy so Emily could peer inside, mentally instructing the girl what to do next. 

Emily lifted her head to Eve's vagina and kissed it. No tongue, just lips. Light. Teasing. Eve let out a guttural breath and lowered her abdomen to Emily's face. The girl's tongue flicked over her opened lips and then entered her. Eve lifted herself slightly, not wanting to be penetrated yet. Emily's tongue continued licking. One direction. Bottom to top. Each time her clit was touched, Eve shivered. Her nipples pulsed. They grew stiffer yet. 

Emily's tongue found it's rhythm and synchronized with Eve's movements on top of her. Eve was ready to come. A fleeting feeling of guilt, then shame, passed through her as she began to come, her pussy hot and wet on Emily's mouth. She raised her upper body to the ceiling, pinching her nipples, and let out a long, husky groan that went on for a long time. 

The insides of her pussy clenched, opened and closed, again and again as she ground it on the girl's lips and face. She rubbed her clit on Emily's nose enhancing her orgasm. The girl had her tongue out, darting to and fro, tasting her. Eve exhaled in deep breaths, the waves of orgasmic pleasure passing. She was ready for another.

Feeling lascivious, Eve raised and lowered her hips, grinding her pussy on Emily's mouth. The girl's tongue met her pussy and began licking again. Before coming again, Eve lifted up. After a moment had passed, she dipped her labia, which hung a bit, onto the girl's tongue, playing. Emily was a good student, and tugged on Eve's labia with her lips and then teeth. Eve immediately ground her pussy back onto the girls mouth. She wanted her tongue to penetrate her now. She hissed, "Fuck me...fuck me with your tongue.. Now!"

Emily kept licking, however, teasing Eve ever more, and found her clit. Eve came. The girl's tongue eagerly flicked her clit until she could take no more. She moaned with pleasure, pulling on her own nipples some more. 

"Mom?" A muffled voice sounded from down the hall.

"Shit." Eve hissed. She vaulted off of Emily's face, glancing a moment to see it shining with wetness from having eaten her pussy. "Emily, put on your clothes, quick!"

The girl obeyed, and picked up the bikini bottom. 

"Mom? Is Emily in there with you?" The voice was right outside the bedroom door.

Mom searched frantically for her own clothes but she was still orgasming and couldn't clear her head. 

*Knock knock* "Mom? Emily?" The door handle turned.

Frantic, she grabbed a discarded towel, and wrapped herself with it. 

The door swung open. Matt was in his wheel-chair, hair damp, wearing a red Star Wars t-shirt. His eyes swept the room but stopped and he blushed. 

Emily was in the process of tying her bikini bottom onto her slender hip. There wasn't time for her top. 

"Oh, sorry," was all the boy could stammer. 

Emily hugged herself, hiding her boobs. "Oh, hi Matt. Your Mom and I were just trying on some new clothes." 

Matt turned deep red. "Sorry, I didn't mean to barge in..."

Eve found a chair, and quickly sat down, breathless. "It's okay, Matty, why don't you give us a minute and go set the table for dinner."

He didn't wait a moment, closed the door and then wheeled himself back down the hall.

Emily quickly changed back into her former clothes, grabbed the bikini, and snuck out into the hall after him. She stuck her head back in before closing the door and said, "Thanks, Eve...looks like I'll be working on my tan tomorrow." 

The door shut. The girl's light footfalls could be heard padding down the hall. Eve was still breathless, her pussy pulsing slightly. 

She needed cock...