 "Look, I'll just see you later!" 

Hannah closed the door behind her and stalked off down the corridor of her apartment building. Her boyfriend Alex had been getting on her nerves, asking where she was going for the millionth time. She'd definitely told him that she was volunteering in the box office of her friend's theatre show that night. She'd agreed to help out every night that week and Alex seemed to either not remember or be inexplicably pissed off that she wasn't going to be home, so was being a pain. Generally they had a pretty good relationship, but he was kind of possessive and didn't like her going out on her own too much. She was the kind of girl who got a lot of attention from strangers, both women and men, but she never considered cheating on Alex or anything like that. Plus, she was terrible at flirting, usually once the person started talking to her she quickly ran out of things to say and ended up awkward and silent. She sat on the tram, silently staring out of the window and thinking about what she was going to do about him. 

The tram shuddered to a stop and she got off, nearly tripping as she tried to shuffle past the blockade of people in her way. She wasn't used to wearing heels, and even though the ones she had on weren't super high, she felt awkward and wobbly, and that certainly hadn't helped. The theatre was around the corner from the tram stop, so she hadn't thought she'd need her proper winter coat, but it was colder than she'd expected, and she shivered and hugged herself as she walked up to the theatre. Luckily when she got there it was warm enough that she could take off her cardigan and just wear the branded theatre shirt they'd provided for her. 

Hannah sold tickets by herself for half an hour or so, until it started getting busier, and other girl who was rostered on to the box office arrived. Her name was Sarah and she was a cute redhead who was a little boyish and quite short. She was wearing high waisted black jeans and the same white theatre shirt that Hannah had on, except on Sarah it was tight, making it obvious she wasn't wearing a bra. Hannah noticed that Sarah had quite small breasts but that they were big enough that their bottom curve and her nipples could be seen through the thin material of the shirt. 

Hannah looked away, embarrassed that she'd noticed. She'd always been interested in girls, but had pretty much exclusively had boyfriends in the past, and Alex was certainly not going to let her sleep with anyone else. She'd had sex with a few girls when she was in uni, but that was a few years ago. 

"How's the night been so far, busy?" Sarah asked her.

"Not too bad yet, I think it's about a quarter sold so far, plus a few presales" 

"How about I grab us some chairs so we're not stuck on our feet the whole time?" Sarah said, walking towards the chairs that were stacked up against the back wall. She brought two chairs over and put them down quite close together behind the counter. The girls sat down and accidentally brushed elbows. Hannah looked awkward, but Sarah just smiled at her. 

They continued selling tickets, and chatted a little. Sarah told Hannah about her uni course, and about how she was thinking of getting into theatre tech work once she graduated. Hannah talked about her work as a statistician and spoke maybe a little too openly about how she was annoyed with her boyfriend.

"He just doesn't seem to understand that its ok for us to have separate lives, you know? He always needs to know exactly where I am or who I'm with, it drives me nuts. And he can just be really controlling, he doesn't like me having male friends... I don't know, I do like being with him, but is it going to be like this forever?"

"Yeah," Sarah said, "that's annoying. I feel like a lot of guys can be like that. That's why I don't date them anymore." She laughed. "Well, that's not exactly why, but close enough."

Hannah laughed, maybe it would be easier with girls. The gay couples she knew did tend to have a lot less jealousy and control issues. 

Eventually, the show started, and Hannah and Sarah snuck into the back row to watch. They'd both been working the box office all week but hadn't actually seen it yet. There was no one else in the row so they didn't feel bad for taking a seat that someone would have otherwise paid for. The curtains opened and they watched the play unfold. It was a local theatre company doing a play about life in Sydney, but as soon as it started, all Hannah could see was one of the actors. He was tall and slim with distinctive cheekbones and ruffled brown hair. His shirt was partially open so the audience could see part of his well-defined chest, and he kept smiling at the audience. Hannah snuck a look at Sarah and noticed that, despite her earlier protestations about men, she was clearly as mesmerised as Hannah was. Hannah looked back at the stage, but could see out of the corner of her eye that Sarah had noticed her looking over, and was smirking. 

Sarah touched Hannah's leg to get her attention, "ok, maybe not allll guys are terrible" she said, guiltily. 

Hannah laughed and looked away, but noticed that Sarah's hand was still on her thigh. She sat there for a moment, not sure of what to do. Did Sarah just forget to take her hand away or something? That made no sense, no one would do that. Sarah was pointedly looking at the stage, not acknowledging that she was still touching Hannah, who could feel her cheeks starting to burn. She was very attracted to Sarah, but couldn't get the thought of Alex and his disapproval out of her mind. 

They sat like that for another two full scenes. Sarah started to stroke her thumb slightly back and forth, there was no denying what was going on now. Still looking straight ahead, Hannah ran her hand along Sarah's forearm, feeling the soft skin and giving her goosebumps. Sarah looked at her and smiled. She brought her hand up to Hannah's and gave it a squeeze, before putting her hand back onto Hannah's thigh, and sliding it slightly further down the inner side of her thigh. Hannah's heart was racing as Sarah's hand kept going, until it was right between her legs. Hannah could feel that she was wet, and started moving a little in her chair, rubbing against Sarah's hand. Suddenly Sarah was rubbing her clit with her fingers over Hannah's jeans, and she lent over to whisper in Hannah's ear.

"Do you want me to keep going" 

Hannah breathed out audibly. 

"Yes," she said, looking back towards the show. 

Sarah subtly undid Hannah's jeans, glad they were the only ones in the row. She lent over and slid her hand slowly over Hannah's stomach and down into her underwear, making Hannah spread her legs slightly. She slipped her fingers to Hannah's clit and could feel how wet she was. It was so slippery and hot that Sarah's stomach flipped. She had wanted Hannah since they met earlier that week. She hadn't been able to stop staring at the way she awkwardly played with her long brown hair, and how her shirts clung to the curve of her waist. 

Sarah leant over and kissed Hannah's neck softly. She kissed her way up to Hannah's ear, making Hannah draw in her breath sharply. She slid her fingers down further, sliding one into Hannah's pussy a little. Then, as Hannah shuffled around a little, opening her legs, a little more. She slid a second finger in, and filled Hannah up, making her gasp. 

Hannah reached over to Sarah and slid her hand under her t-shirt. Knowing Sarah wasn't wearing a bra, she ran her hand up Sarah's stomach and up to her nipples. She ran her hand over one of them, pulling and pinching it a little, very softly. She could hear Sarah exhale and suddenly the fingers that were in her a little suddenly plunged further into Hannah. 

"I think we should get out of here," Sarah breathed quietly. 

Hannah nodded, and they quietly snuck out of the room. 

In the foyer, Sarah grabbed Hannah's hand, and pulled her close. Her mouth was on Hannahs, and Hannah kissed her back, hard. She took Sarah's face in her hands and kept kissing her, as they moved a little down the hall, away from the entrance to the theatre. Even though Hannah was quite a bit taller than Sarah, she pushed the taller girl up against the wall and ran her hands up under her shirt, unclasping her bra with one hand and sliding the other up onto her breast. Hannah gasped and looked up at the ceiling, hardly believing that this was happening. Sarah took one of Hannah's nipples in her mouth and sucked gently, flicking her tongue over it. Hannah ran her hand through Sarah's short red hair and made her look up at her. Hannah's eyes flicked across the room to the door to a store room, and Sarah grinned. 

There were costumes and all sorts of things in the store room, including a set of heavy velvet curtains, that Sarah laid on the floor for them. Facing away still, Sarah pulled her shirt over her head, exposing her naked back. Hannah walked over to her, taking off her shirt and bra as she did, and put her arms around Sarah from behind. Her hands went to Sarah's breasts, cupping them firmly and pulling Sarah into her more. The girls' bodies pressed up against each other, heat radiating from both of them. 

Sarah slid her jeans off, and turned to help Hannah with hers. The girls laid down on the thick burgundy curtains, facing each other, both just in their underwear. Sarah traced her fingers down from Hannahs throat, over her breasts and to her hip. She pulled the girl closer and kissed her, while sliding her hand over Hannah's ass and squeezing lightly. Hannah reached over to Sarah and pulled her closer, shuffling down so her mouth was level with Sarahs nipples. She slowly took one, and then the other into her mouth in turn. She sucked as much of Sarah's little breasts into her mouth as she could, and ran her tongue up and down over her sensitive nipples. With a nipple still in her mouth, she slid her hand down to pull down Sarah's underwear. She slipped two of her fingers straight into Sarah's pussy, making Sarah cry out in surprise and pleasure. She began to rub her thumb over Sarah's clit while she did, and she could feel herself getting immediately wetter. 

Hannah shuffled down further and rolled Sarah onto her back, taking Sarah's clit in her mouth. She sucked on it, and then began rhythmically licking up and down, then left and right. Sarah's legs were on either side of her head, pulling her closer in. Hannah slid her fingers back into Sarah, and started fucking her slowly with them, still running her tongue all over her pussy.

"You know what I really like..." Sarah breathed, "three fingers. Maybe even four."

Hannah smiled to herself as she added another finger, and Sarah gasped, but pushed her hips up to force them into her even further. Hannah began to fuck her faster, building as Sarah's gasps became louder and more frequent. Sarah reached down to Hannah and ran her fingers through the other girl's hair as she moaned and writhed. Hannah slowly slipped a fourth finger in, and could feel Sarah's pussy stretching around her. She pushed them in slowly, knowing that the intensity of having that much inside you can be overwhelming. Every time she moved her fingers a little, Sarah gasped. 

With her other hand, she reached up to Sarah's little breasts, and took one of her nipples between her fingers. She pinched it lightly, and tugged on it, which made Sarah arch her back and moan.

"That hurts" Sarah whispered. 

"Do you want me to stop?"

"No, don't stop. Pinch them harder, I like when you hurt me a little."

Hannah ran her hand softly over Sarah's breasts, and then, finding one of her nipples again, pinched it, hard, pulling it away from Sarah's chest. Sarah responded immediately, she pushed her hips up into Hannah's mouth, who started sucking faster on her clit. Hannah began sliding her fingers in and out of Sarah's slick pussy faster and faster, and could tell that she was going to cum soon. Suddenly Sarah was bucking against Hannah's mouth as she came, hard. Hannah could feel her muscles contracting around her fingers, making another girl cum turned her on so much. 

When her orgasm had subsided, Sarah pulled Hannah back up to her and kissed her deeply. Hannah's long hair hung from her head over Sarah's face, and their breasts pressed up against each other. Still kissing her, Sarah ran her hand down Hannah's stomach and down to her pussy, finding it wet and ready for her. She made small circles with her fingers over the other girl's clit, and she could hear Hannah's breathing change. 

"How do you want me to fuck you?" Sarah asked her.

"However you want," Hannah replied. 

Sarah moved out from underneath Hannah, and laid the taller girl down on her front. She couldn't stop looking at the curve of Hannah's ass as she laid there. Sarah kneeled between her legs, nudging them open so she could see the lips of her pussy were parted just a little. 

Sarah ran her nails lightly up and down Hannah's back, then down over her ass. She reached between Hannah's parted legs and traced the outside of her pussy with one finger, making Hannah breathe in sharply. With just the tip of her finger, she slid down between Hannah's outer lips, and ran down the sides of her clit. She took her time, touching everywhere except Hannah's most sensitive part. Hannah was enjoying the soft, delicate sensations, but was aching to have something, anything inside her, not sure when or if Sarah was going to give her what she wanted. 

Sarah parted Hannah's legs further, and brought her fingers to her opening. She dipped the tip of one finger into the other girl, and heard her gasp again. She brought her other hand down to Hannah's clit, and started lightly playing with it, as she slid two fingers deep into her. Hannah moaned and pushed further back, trying to get as much of Sarah inside her as she could. But she took her time, sliding her fingers in and out slowly, and moving them around inside Hannah, making her squirm. 

"So," Sarah said, "I saw you checking out that actor". 

Hannah was embarrassed, it hardly seemed the time to bring that up. Plus, Sarah had obviously been attracted to him too. 

"Do you want to fuck him?"

"Yes," Hannah replied, "don't you?"

Sarah just laughed, "would you want him to fuck you like this, lying on your stomach, with your legs spread for him?"

"Yes"

Sarah withdrew her fingers from Hannah's pussy, and ran them slowly up to her asshole, and started slowly making circles around it, while with her other hand she kept playing with her clit. Hannah felt electrified, there were so many nerve endings there, and she was so sensitive. 

"What about your ass, would you let him fuck you there?"

"Yes"

Her fingers still wet from being inside Hannah's pussy, Sarah started pushing one of them slowly into Hannah's ass. Hannah could feel her ass stretching to accommodate it, when Sarah slowly slid in a second finger. Hannah gasped, overwhelmed by the pleasure and intensity of having that much inside her. 

"Come back onto your knees" Sarah instructed. 

Hannah pushed up onto her hands and knees, ass still exposed, as Sarah kept fucking her. 

"You should play with yourself" Sarah told her, withdrawing her own fingers from Hannah's clit, and sliding them straight into her pussy. Hannah felt so full, Sarah's fingers were inside her pussy and her ass, and every part of her was so sensitive. 

Holding herself up with one arm, Hannah reached down and started rubbing her clit. She was wet and slippery, and the added sensations of having her clit played with, as well as having so many of Sarah's fingers inside of her was just too much. 

Sarah slipped a third fingers into her ass, and Hannah suddenly could feel an orgasm building in her. Knowing how much her ass was stretching around Sarah's fingers drove her crazy. One particularly hard thrust from Sarah was enough, and suddenly Hannah was cumming, shuddering with the pleasure of the sensations. Sarah shoved her fingers further into Hannah as she shook and convulsed, enjoying every second of the waves flooding over her. Sarah slid her fingers out and ran her hands up over Hannah's body, pushing her onto the curtain beneath them, and sliding her own body over Hannah's. 

She rolled to the side and pulled Hannah into her, so her head was resting on Sarah's shoulder. They looked at each other and both awkwardly giggled, smiling.

"Not exactly what I thought was going to happen tonight, to be honest," Hannah said, smiling. 

"Yeah, I mean, I was hoping... but it's not every day you get fucked by a cute girl in a theatre storage room."

Hannah laughed, and kissed Sarah chest, relaxing into the girls arms.