 I drove up to the tattoo and piercing studio full of anticipation. I had decided to get a vertical clitoral hood piercing just a few days prior, and wanted to get it done ASAP before I chickened out. I knew I wanted a woman piercer who was experienced with female genital piercings. After some online research, I decided to go with Lita, who worked in a city about 90 miles away. I made the appointment with her over the phone. I was sure the drive would be worth it.

I walked in, and was greatly relieved that the shop looked very clean and professional. There was no tattoo flash on the walls, which I liked. I walked up to the counter and told the heavily tattooed young man that I had an appointment with Lita. He nodded and walked into a back hallway. A few seconds later he came back out, with who I assumed was Lita following him. I gave a little gasp when I fully took Lita in. She was tall, probably in her mid 30s, had to be close to 6', but very thin. She was wearing a black tank top and tight jeans, she had a colorful full sleeve tattoo on her right arm, and her long brown hair flowed over the front of her shoulders. She smiled as she approached me.

"Hi, Hannah? Good to meet you. So, VCH right?" she asked.

"Yep, that's right. I'm a bit nervous to be honest." I replied.

"Well, you have every right to be. I'm not going to lie, it will hurt like a motherfucker, and I know it's not comfortable having a stranger examining your junk. But! It's one of my favorite piercings and very easy to heal. The pain only lasts for a couple seconds, and after that there's typically any soreness even when it's healing. Still want to go through with it?

"Yes." I tried to sound calm, but I had a feeling the color had drained from my face. "But I'd really prefer just to get it over with!"

Lita laughed. "Fine, then. Fill out this paperwork. I'll start getting the room ready and I'll come back when I'm ready." She vanished into the back, and I shakily worked on filling out the standard forms. My heart was already pumping hard, some in anticipation of the pain, and some with the thought of the beauty that would be piercing me. She was a stark contrast from me. She was pushing 6', and I was barely over 5'. She had long flowing hair, and mine was cropped short. She had a golden tan, and even now in August I was still white as a ghost. Only our age seemed to be about the same. I was 32, and I guessed Lita could be no older than 36. There was something in her dark eyes that I couldn't place. Despite the hard attitude, there was a playful twinkle in her eye. And it seemed that she was quick to flash her wide smile. I was starting to get turned on, which could provide for a potentially embarrassing encounter. In just mere minutes I'd have my pants off with my cunt in her face. I'd rather not be soaking wet when this happens.

Soon Lita comes back to get me, and I follow her back to her private room. She shuts the door and instructs me to take off my pants and hop on the chair with my feet in stirrups, like I do at the gyno. This was it. I took my pants off and willed myself not to get aroused when the cold air of the room reached my pussy. I hopped into the chair and spread my legs. Lita took a seat in front of me, and started poking and prodding my lady bits with her gloved fingers and a q-tip. She explained to me that she was making sure I had enough flesh to be suitable for a hood piercing. She also explained that even though it will most likely feel like this piercing is healing fast, I should abstain from sexual activity for 6 weeks, 8 weeks for oral sex. I groaned, and Lita laughed.

"Do you have a girlfriend?" she asked, as she ran a finger over the labrys tattoo on my ankle. The question took me by surprise, but I tried not to show it.

"Not at the moment, but I'm not above picking up a little something from the bars when I get bored." I replied.

Lita chuckled. "Well, I'm sorry to say that you'll be out of commission for awhile. But, when you get back in the game, sex will be even better with the piercing." Lita paused. "Tell me, how long has it been since you've had sex?"

Again, Lita's question caught me off guard. "Oh...um...well I guess it's been about a month or so." I replied.

Lita made a clicking sound with her tongue. "Six to eight weeks with no sex, on top of the sexless month you've already had. I hope your last time was worth it."

I chuckled. "Well, the sad thing is it really wasn't that great. She said she was bi, but I have a feeling she was just trying to be trendy. She got pretty freaked out when it came down to eating pussy."

"That's a shame. It would be a waste to take this perfectly shaved cunt out of commission right now, when your last time was less than stellar." Lita said seductively. I felt her gloved fingers start moving in a circle around my clit. My eyes snapped to hers, and that little mischeivious twinkle I saw earlier was out in full.

"You...you want to fuck me? Here? Now??" I asked incredulously.

Lita shrugged. "Doesn't matter to me. Just trying to do you a favor." She took her fingers away from my pussy.

"No! Don't stop!" I cried. "Yes I want you to fuck me!"

Lita smirked and shook the hair away from her face. "Then lay back and enjoy the ride." She said as she lowered her mouth to my cunt. She swirled her tongue around my clit in the same motion she had been doing with her fingers. I instinctively thrust my hips upward to guide her to where I wanted to be licked. She put her hands under my ass and pulled me closer to her. She began to give my opening long rhythmic licks and I bucked in time to with her tongue. I hadn't realized I had shut my eyes, but when I opened them I began to take account of my surroundings the best I could. It was hard for me to beleive I was getting eaten out in a tattoo studio by a smokin' hot brunette. I felt Lita slide two gloved fingers inside of me as she enclosed my clit with her lips. I jammed my fist into my mouth to stifle my moan. She started flicking her tongue against my clit and it didn't take long before I came. This was definitely the orgasm I wanted to take me into my self-imposed dry spell. 

I was still high from my orgasm, but I felt Lita quickly but thoroughly wiping me down with cold wipes. Suddenly my cunt was on fire when I felt an intense pressure and then a sharp pinch. I yelped out in pain, confused about what had just happened.

"Shhh, just stay still for a second longer." Lita said. I looked at my pussy, and saw her threading the jewelry through the tube that was sticking out of my hood. She removed the tube, screwed on the ball at the end of the barbell, and just like that I had metal poking out of my hood. We both looked at her handywork in silence for a few seconds. I started cracking up.

"So, that's how you do it, huh? Get your clients all worked up and pierce them when they're most vulnerable?" I asked, still laughing.

Lita shrugged "Pretty much." She tried to sound nonchalant, but couldn't help but smile.

I got out of the chair, put my pants back on, and followed Lita to the front counter where we settled up. Of course, I left her a hefty tip. I thanked her, for everything, and headed out.

"Hey Hannah!" She called back after me. "Come see me again when that's nice and healed for a follow up." She winked.

I smiled, walked out the door, and was flying high for the rest of the day.