 NOTE FROM THE AUTHORS/ARTISTS - This series is a series about a girl named Hannah who has discovered that she actually has magical powers (levitation, teleportation, telekinesis, telepathy, mind control, and a whole heck of a lot more). She in turn uses her powers to have amazing sexual adventures with various partners as well as her friend Cindy. This series has many parts, but we like to think that each story can stand alone just fine. 

While the 'magical' aspect of things mostly sets up the scenarios that Hannah enjoys, there are various times where she does use her magical powers to enhance her sex. The sex mainly found in this series is that of the lesbian nature, but expect to occasionally find heterosexual and group sex. If you do not believe that is in your interest, we advise you to look elsewhere. If you are open to this idea, enjoy.

----------

Cindy was having a very difficult time accepting who she was and where her life was going.

Cindy sat on her bed in the late morning with her legs folded over. She just sat there and tried to grasp the last few months of her life. Her friend Hannah had paid her a quarter million dollars just to quit her job and stay at home, among other things. So for the past month, that's what Cindy had done; stayed at home. She had little to no contact with the outside world, and had not seen Hannah since her last amazing day of work.

It was over these months that Hannah had even helped Cindy perfect her body to that of a super model or a porn star. Cindy's breasts were larger, her waist was smaller, and even her hair, legs, hips, and ass were too good to be true thanks to her friend. On top of all that, it seemed as though all the dreams she had been having lately were not dreams but real. It was in these 'dreams' that she had amazing and passionate lesbian sex with the same girl Hannah. Cindy had never considered herself to be even bisexual, but the way that Hannah and her made love was so magical. The way Hannah touched her made her feel so sexy and good. The things that Hannah showed her were spectacular. It wasn't one of those 'a girl knows how to treat a girl' kinda things that some lesbians say; it was Hannah's sexual talents and lustful ways. Hannah was just a sexual goddess.

Yet it wasn't the thrilling lesbian sex that had caused Cindy to have such a strange view of her life. It wasn't the money, or even her new flawlessly luscious body. It was something far different. It was something far more amazing.

Cindy closed her eyes as she sat calmly on her bed with her legs folded. She thought of her body; her very busty, sexy and gorgeous body she had tucked underneath her pajamas. She though of that very body being lighter; not smaller, but lighter. She concentrated her thoughts and thought about being lighter than the air she was breathing.

Within less than a minute of thinking hard about that idea, Cindy realized she could no longer feel her bed beneath her. She opened her eyes slowly and saw looked down at her bed; her bed that was three feet below her legs.

Cindy was flying.

She remained there in the air as she smiled for she knew that it was her thoughts that allowed her to float above her own bed. But her concentration was lost not moments after she opened her eyes. As if someone simply let her go, Cindy fell from her levitation back on to the bed. She violently bounced onto her back, and landed on her pillows.

Cindy was learning magic, and she having a very difficult time accepting who she was and where her life was going. She was learning how to fly, learning how to pick herself up off of the ground and soar through the air with simply her thoughts. Accepting that she was actually capable of magical feats was something she had to overcome if she wanted to fly like her old college roommate Hannah could. Hannah made flying seem so easy. Cindy had witnessed Hannah's ease with levitation and watched as Hannah soared through the skies above the city in a skimpy bikini, tiny lingerie, and even completely naked. She could even lift other things up into the air with her mind, like a wine glass, Cindy's own body, and even something as large as a king-size bed. Cindy knew that Hannah could do more magical things, and neither girl seemed to know how or why. Cindy wanted that kind of magic.

Having failed to keep her mind on her flight, Cindy crawled to the edge of her bed, and headed out of her bedroom in her skimpy pajamas. She entered her bathroom, and thought she could ease her mind with a long hot shower. She looked at her self in the mirror, a self she was still getting used to. She looked at her large breasts tucked under her tiny shirt as they pushed out firmly from her chest. Her clothes fit awkwardly as her new body was taking some getting used to. Her pajama bottoms fit loosely, hanging barely to her tiny waist as her shirt was stretched to its limits around her bulging breasts.

Cindy loved her new immaculate body; an erotic and irresistible figure that Hannah had simply given to her with her phenomenal magical powers. But she had long since had no clothes that fit her right. She knew that Hannah wanted her to stay home and practice so that she could improve and discover her full magical qualities, but living in uncomfortable clothes wasn't, well comfortable. As she looked at herself, hating how her clothes now fit, she thought it was time to spend some of that money that Hannah had given her. There was tons of money in that black briefcase to be wasted, so why not waste it?

But a shower was needed. It had been a few days.

Cindy quickly pulled the string on her large pajamas, untying them as they hung loosely to her tight waste. With just the normal pull of gravity, her bottoms fell to the floor and revealed her tight pussy. Cindy softly ran her hand over her vagina shaven pussy. It was so amazingly smooth and soft, and Cindy hadn't shaven since she reunited with Hannah. It was as if her body would no longer allow hair to grow there, keeping her pussy hairless and naked. The same went for her legs as she ran her hands down her body and along her sensual legs. Her legs were just as hairless and smooth as if she had just stepped from the shower. Yet again, she had not shaved in almost two months. She no longer had the need to.

As Cindy stepped from her pajamas that were now a pile on the floor, she lifted her now-tight top from her chest, releasing her bra-less breasts from their firm imprisonment. Now naked in front of the mirror, Cindy looked over her entire body. As she modeled for herself, she realized that Hannah had definitely worked some serious magic to permanently alter her body in such a flawless way. Her large D-cup breasts perfectly stood atop her chest, shadowing her tiny 22" waist. She ran her fingernails over her breasts, feeling how firm and exemplary they were. They looked unachievable without plastic surgery. They magnificently sat on her chest, perky yet massive and without the support of a bra. Yet as Cindy closed her eyes and squeezed her own breasts in her hands, she felt the softness that could only come with a real set of un-enhanced breasts.

With her hands on her own body, Cindy felt that her body wasn't just perfect; it was enchanted. She felt a warmth radiate from her skin that wasn't there a few months ago. She may not have known how to use it yet, but for the first time she felt her magic flow through her.

Keeping her eyes closed, Cindy continued to run her hands over her own body, feeling the sexiness of her figure through her fingertips. As she felt her magical warmth, she couldn't help but touch herself with greater and greater passion, clinching her hips and her thighs and pressing her breasts together in her hands. As the magic in her veins rushed through her body, she slowly stepped backwards and leaned against the wall of her bathroom as her hand climbed between her legs and uncontrollably pushed against her needy pussy.

The need for an orgasm was too much. With one hand on her breast and one hand between her legs, Cindy looked to the shower and knew that she had gone beyond the point of no return. She needed to cum.

With a turn of the shower knobs, hot water blasted over Cindy's sensational figure. Water ran down her chest, covering her wonderful breasts and dripping down her legs. She lifted her hands up around her breasts, pushing them up into the water and letting the spray blast her curves. With her breasts firmly in her hands, she squeezed them together, enjoying the amazing sensation she gave herself as she felt her immaculate features. Cindy closed her eyes and stuck her head under the rushing water, feeling its warmth through her face. Cindy took in the bliss that was the warm water running over her body, but she needed to get down to business.

Relaxed and ready, Cindy fell against the wall of the shower and let her fingers creep between her legs. With her wet hand on her wet pussy, she began to rub herself, feeling her own clit in her fingertips. She sunk her fingers in and out of her pussy as the water trickled down her chest. Her chin rose as the erotic sensation took over her body. She bit her lip and moaned as her finger's probed her pussy and massaged her clit. She braced herself with her free hand against the slippery wet tile wall of the shower, trying to hold herself up. But as the water made the shower far to slick, Cindy soon lowered herself to the edge and sat herself down.

With her legs spread wide and her pussy being battered by the water that fell from above, Cindy joyfully massaged herself. She clinched her left breast with her free hand, squeezing and massaging her wet body as she fingered herself. As the water rained down, she rubbed her clit furiously and moaned to herself. She plunged three fingers inside herself, and arched her back outward away from the wall at the penetrating sensation. She roamed her free hand all over her tight wet body as her fingers climbed in and out of her pussy.

But her fingers would not be enough, and Cindy longed for her favorite waterproof vibrator, a toy that she had been using quite frequently since her stay-at-home magical practices started. Cindy stopped pleasing herself and prepared to rush into her bedroom to grab the vibrator, but then saw it sitting a mere few feet away on the bathroom counter. She didn't remember putting it there, but luck was now in her favor. Cindy quickly reached out of the shower, latched onto the toy, and ducked back under the warm water.

Cindy sat down and positioned herself on the edge of the shower, still letting the water rain down on her busty body. After a simply twist, a smile climbed onto Cindy's face as the vibrations filled her body. She calmly rubbed the toy up and down her pussy, spreading the electrical sensation all over herself. She probed her clit with the tip of the rubber sex toy. She ran her hand along her inner thighs as she plunged the toy deep. Seven inches of rubber pleasure climbed deep inside her and spread vibrations to all her sexual nerves. She cried in pleasure.

"Oh, Mmm. Yes!" She screamed out as she fucked herself. In and out the toy moved, faster and faster as Cindy knew there was no going back. She pinched her perfect nipples as she pulled the wet toy from her pussy and probed her clit once more. She pressed the toy hard against her pussy, enjoying the sexual throbbing that the toy was causing. She enjoyed the toy, the water, and everything that was going on with her new perfect body. She needed to cum, and cum hard and she wasn't going to stop until she climaxed.

Cindy spread her legs wider and braced herself up against the tile wall of her shower. She plunged her vibrating toy deep inside her, farther than it should have gone, and then pulled it out again in hopes of driving herself over the edge. She frantically fucked herself and rubbed her clit up and down as the water continued to pour down on her.

Finally, her body cringed. Her leg jerked. Her teeth clinched. She latched onto a the side of the shower. The shower head spat out water violently and frantically. Shampoo bottles fell down into the shower. Cindy came.

"Oh fuck!" Cindy cried out as she came hard. Waves of pleasure hit her as her body jerked about. She fell off of the edge of the shower and into the tub, still holding the vibrator on her clit. Water hit her naked body as she collapsed in the shower. A smile climbed onto her face as the lie there in the tub, quivering still as the orgasm moved about inside her. She just waited there on the floor of the shower without a care in the world and let the water fall onto her naked body.

Cindy arrived at the mall not far from her house with her purse stuffed with over five thousand dollars of Hannah's gift. She passed clothing stores, trinket stores, and other notable and average booths that littered the two story building. She noticed the signs above her of all the trendy clothing stores, but wasn't sure which one to check out first. She hadn't really been in public much lately except to get food, so being among people again was a nice change.

Yet, with all these people around her, Cindy felt somewhat alone in that large mall. Despite the crowds roaming the walkways, she was such a stranger among them. This morning she was levitating above her bed, and none of these people could do that nor would they ever know that she could. It was to remain a secret. She was going to have to get used to being different from the rest of the world, being that just this morning she was floating above her bed simply because she wanted to. Magic, as amazing as it was, was something that could alienate her from others.

The other fact was that she really had no friends to go shopping with. Cindy's social life revolved around the few people she had known at her job, and didn't exceed that much anymore. She hadn't kept in touch with anyone since she quit either. No one seemed to miss her.

"Cindy!" a voice echoed out that broke her wandering thoughts. She found herself in the food court of the mall among dozens and dozens of other people. She didn't recognize any of them.

"Over here!" the voice called again, and Cindy turned and saw someone she did not expect to see in that mall, or in public at all. Cindy's blonde friend Hannah was calmly sitting in the middle of the food court in a blue tank top and shorts. In the middle of this quintessential mall was an equally average looking twenty-five year old girl-next-door who secretly possessed magical powers that seemed to allow her to do just about anything and everything. Cindy was startled to see her for she obviously knew Hannah's abilities unlike the rest of the world around her. While Cindy noticed her right away, no one else would have any reason to notice her for she didn't have her glamourous looks or her impossible curves like she did when she visited Cindy in the past. Hannah was very plain, average, and even a tad pudgy compared to Cindy's exceptional body. She was currently doing her best to keep the truth of her powers a secret and look like the average girl in the average mall and not a sexual goddess.

"Fancy seeing you here." Hannah said as Cindy stood before her table.

"What are you doing here?" Cindy asked.

"Honestly? Waiting for you." Hannah answered. "Have a seat. It's been a while."

It had been a while without any contact from Hannah, well over a month. Cindy sat down in the small plastic chair in the middle of the food court. Hannah just calmly smiled back as Cindy seemed uncomfortable sitting with Hannah in public. Cindy was concerned about making a scene because the last time she saw Hannah, Hannah decided to take her clothes off in the break room where Cindy worked. Hannah had sent a double-sided dildo through the mail and had it delivered to Cindy's office. Hannah even had sat on the desk of Cindy's boss completely naked as she simply sprouted a majestic pair of angel wings from her back. With Hannah's lustful attitude, mischievous ways, and magical powers, there was no telling what she might do next.

"Chill out." Hannah told Cindy as she heard her thought process with her amazing telepathy. "I'm not some freak who's going to rip her clothes off and run around naked. I'm just a normal girl." Hannah then put her hands on the table top. She looked down at her hands as she held them close, covering a small portion of the table from view of anyone else. She then quickly pulled her hands apart as she revealed a powdered doughnut sitting atop a small plate.

" ... well, sometimes." Hannah finished as she simply created the small treat with her mind. "So, looking to spend some of that money I gave you?" Hannah asked, ignoring Cindy's question completely. Cindy was momentarily shocked to hear that Hannah knew of her reasons for being there, but quickly got over it.

"Yeah... I don't know. I just wanted to get out and about."

"Of course. You've made amazing progress."

"Are you kidding? I can only fly ... " Cindy stopped her words, and leaned in closer to whisper so no one walking by would hear. "I can only get up off my bed if my eyes are closed."

"Well, you're probably not going to figure it out over night." Hannah pointed out as she finished her treat.

"Or in a month?"

" ... or in a month. Trust me, it took me a long time to do what I can do. You 're going to have be very patient."

"You just make it seem so easy." Cindy said with the sound of jealously in her voice.

"It will become easy. Just hope it doesn't become too easy. I used to accidentally let my mind wander and suddenly people around me would have orgasms or my clothes would vanish off my body. I like to think I have a bit better control now."

Hannah slowly brought the last remains of the doughnut to her mouth, but stopped just before she was about to take a bite. She just starred past Cindy, frozen in her glare.

"Now is one of those times I need to keep control." Hannah said as she held the doughnut outside her mouth. Cindy was confused as to what Hannah was doing, but as she turned and followed Hannah's sight to see what was behind her, she realized what Hannah was talking about.

Hannah, the intense lover of both men and women had spotted a girl. Cindy saw that this was more that a girl, however; this was a woman. This was the epitome of beauty. This was a woman that surpassed Cindy's magically enhanced body in every way. Even Cindy's jaw dropped as both her and Hannah could not stop staring at this woman who's own glamourous looks put theirs to shame, and she didn't even have magic.

There, leaning against the railing on the second story of the mall was a brunette woman of roughly thirty-five years old. She looked over the edge, paying no attention to the two girls entranced by her beauty. Her round ass shook every so slightly in her dark blue jeans as she looked over the side. She then stood up and ran her own hands through her black hair. Hannah dropped the left over doughnut from her hands as this brunette arched her back, pushing her giant breasts that were tucked underneath her white tank-top up into the air. She shook her hair about, and then turned towards Hannah and Cindy.

Like two girls caught snooping, Hannah and Cindy quickly turned away for fear they would be spotted.

"Wow." Hannah muttered quietly.

"And I thought my body was hot ..." Cindy said with the slight sound of defeat in her voice. Cindy looked across from her to Hannah and saw that Hannah's eyes were firmly closed.

"Her name is Erica." Hannah told Cindy quietly as she kept her eyes shut. Cindy realized that Hannah was scanning this girl with her magic, reading her mind and most likely her memories, her turn-ons, and her desires. As Hannah talked, Cindy turned and watched this woman as she walked away from them, headed down the walkway of the large mall. Cindy was hypnotized by Erica's hips as the swayed beneath her tiny waist.
