 I remember the first time I seen you like it was yesterday. I was in the bar getting a drink and the song 'Right Now (NaNaNa)' by Akon was playing, kind of ironic because as soon as I seen you walk in with your friends with your 'It's My Birthday Buy Me A Drink And Kiss Me!' shirt on, I knew I wanted to make love to you right now. Your beautiful smile seemed like it was glowing in the dark I couldn't look away, you were so intoxicating I lost my breath. You and your friends came over to the bar to get drinks. I bought a beer and I was about to give it to you, but this big jock guy came between us, what an idiot he was! What a bad pick up line he used on you! 'Hey baby, I forgot my phone number, can I have yours?' I just shook my head and waited for him to leave.

By the time he was gone you were on the dance floor. I watched you and your friends dance. You were all having such a good time. I walked to the dance floor, just looking at you a big smile came across my face. Ironically again; the song 'How Many Licks' by Lil Kim came on. I had to laugh to myself.

As I got closer to you, you looked me right in the eyes, smiled and continued dancing. You were even more beautiful up close, brown hair, about 5'8", 36D chest I thought but it was hard to tell. I didn't think you had a bra on under your white shirt with writing on it, black mini skirt on with high black and white socks on, almost school girl like. I tapped you on the shoulder, you turned around and smiled when you seen me. I handed you the beer, leaned into your ear placed my hand on the small of your back and I'm sure you could feel my strap on bulge in my pants as I pulled you close and tight said 'Happy Birthday Sexy' I gave a little flick with my tongue to your ear lobe and it sent shivers through your body. I gave you a kiss on your neck and looked into your eyes and winked. I knew you wanted me too, just the look in your beautiful brown eyes told me so. I walked away with a smile on my face and headed to the bathroom.

I got in the bathroom stall and just had to take a breather as I couldn't believe I just did that to a complete stranger. Then there was a knock on the door. I opened the door and there you were with a smile on your face, you pushed me back into the stall and locked the door.

I couldn't say anything, I was baffled, my mouth was moving but nothing was coming out. You looked at me and said "No need to say anything..." and you kissed me. I felt like I was melting but it was just me getting wet from out passionate kiss. Our tongues danced around one another's mouth. I wrapped my arms around you and started to take off your shirt, and just like I predicted you weren't wearing a bra. I broke from our kiss and went right for your erect nipples, licking them, sucking them, biting them. I knew you enjoyed it by your soft moans. I reached down to your skirt and lifted it up and to my amazement you didn't have any underwear on.

"You're a naughty girl aren't you?" I whispered in your ear.

"Yes I am, I need to be punished." you said as you grabbed my hand and put it on your very wet pussy and started grinding it.

"I want you to fuck me HARD with your strap on, punish Me." you whispered in my ear as I started to finger fuck you harder and faster. Our lips found one another and we kissed for what it seemed like hours, playing with your clit with one hand, pinching your nipples with the other, moaning softly in my mouth, your breathing getting heavier and faster, you were on the verge of cuming... but you stopped my hand from fucking you...brought my hand up to your mouth and licked your wet juices off my finger...how hot was that! You kissed me and I could feel your sweet juices from your tongue, so tasty.

You started to undo my jeans and took out my big rubber dong and started sucking it. It was hot seeing you bent down sucking on my dong and playing with your very swollen clit.

You finished sucking my dong and came up to me and kissed me, I placed my hands on your nice tight ass and lifted you up and slowly put the dong inside your wet pussy. You leant back on the bathroom stall wall, wrapped your legs around my waist and helped yourself to putting the dong inside you, you couldn't wait, and you wanted me to fuck you so bad. Every time the head of the dong got inside you I would take it back out just to tease you and you loved it. You moaned so loud and grabbed my neck and said "Fuck me Now Baby! Please! I Beg of you!" ah gawd there is nothing more I love then a woman begging and getting a little rough.

I looked down at your throbbing pussy and spread your lips apart and rammed the dong in you hard. "OH MY GOD! Do it again, fuck me HARD and Fuck me FAST Baby!"

I put my dong into your warm pussy hole harder and faster with every thrust. In and out, in and out, faster and harder, your breast bouncing uncontrollably.

"I'm cuming baby, don't stop, harder, faster." you said, so I gave you exactly what you wanted, harder and faster. "AH YES, YEAH, OOOOHHHH, BABY!!" you collapsed on my shoulder and knocked me to the other side of the stall.

"You ok?" I said as I kissed your neck with a big smile on my face.

"Oh yah, I'm really good!" you were trying to catch your breath, "no one has EVER fucked me that good! You are amazing." I blushed a little bit and let you down to your feet, and kissed your lips so softly, I rubbed my dong on you trying to get in between your legs, wanting to fuck you more and more, this time I would turn the vibrator on so I can get something from it.

"Bend over baby." I said as I made you bend over the toilet. "This shouldn't take long; I have the vibrator on for you and me. It'll be hard fast and quick." I slapped your ass as I put the dong into your pussy, and grabbed your hair and pulled, and thrust the dong into you easy at first so you could get use to the vibrator.

"What the fuck are you doing? Ram that big fucking dong into me! Enough with this easy bull shit!" oh my god! Demanding, so hot, so I gave you what you wanted, I rammed it into you so fucking hard and fucked you like you've never been fucked before, I was fucking you so hard you couldn't catch your breath, the toilet was rattling cause you propped your elbows on the back of it, I slapped your ass hard over and over, telling you how bad you were, and how I'm going to fuck the shit out of you... you enjoyed the way I was talking to you moaning so loud, in pain but being pleasured.

"I'm cuming baby, I'm cuming" I said as I grabbed your hips and thrust harder and harder digging my nails into your flesh.

"Me too Baby, Don't Stop, I'm cuming!"

My clit started to throb like never before, and I could feel my juices flow down my legs along with your juices from before...We both came at the same time and it was amazing, it was ecstasy.

I collapsed on your back panting trying to breath, and you were doing the same... I slowly took my dong out of you, wiped it off and put it back in my pants.

I picked you up and bent down in between your legs and started to lick up all your sweet juices. You tasted so good!! I licked up every last wet spot around your beautiful pussy. I couldn't go to close to your clit...still a little sensitive.

You grabbed my shirt and hauled me up to your mouth to kiss me for a second then you looked at me with this twinkle in your eyes, "So is there a number I can reach you at to thank you for the Wonderful Birthday Present???" you smiled at me and winked.

"Indeed, here's my card," I handed you one of my business cards from my wallet and put it in your skirt's waist band. "Make sure you call me, and I'll be your slave for the night. Anything you want." I held you in my arms and kissed your forehead, your nose, and your mouth.

"MELISSA!! YOU IN HERE?!?!?!?!" the door swung open and people were knocking on the stalls.

"Fuck" you whispered, "YAH IM IN HERE" You yelled to your friends, and then whispered to me "Bye, I will call you, thanks"

"bye" We said as I kissed you one last time that night.

You left the stall by yourself and I heard your friend's say that you looked like you just got the shit fucked out of you, and you admitted to it... but you never said it was with another woman.

The End