 'Well that was unexpected...' she said, as she was pushed against the wall. It was true, of all the outcomes of tonight, Nikki really hadn't expected that. This sort of thing doesn't happen in real life, she thought, only in porn or the jaded minds of some Nuts magazine hacks. But then again, porn had to get its inspiration somewhere...

'hmmm' Nikki mused to herself, as she stood laying out potential outfits for the night. She had a choice between three, two of which she'd worn before. The other she'd bought for the Christmas night out, would it lose some of its spark if she wore it before then? She wondered for all of twenty seconds, before remembering who's birthday it was tonight, and then there really was no choice. New dress it would be. Underwear didn't require nearly as much thought, she'd already selected a tiny black g-string and matching black bra. She stood to admire herself in the mirror as she cupped her 38E breasts, idly wondering whose hands could be cupping them later on. She knew there were some hot guys going, and while she never fucked on a first date, there was no harm in showing off two of her favourite features. She had a saying, 'with great breasts comes great responsibility' and that responsibility was to give every guy who looked an immediate throb in their trousers. She sat down to brush her freshly-dyed flame-red hair as it tumbled to her shoulders, checking herself out in the mirror and being very pleased with the results.

Her phone chirped into life by her bedside, the alarm going off reminding her she was running late, and the stack of texts that had built up while she dressed reminding her how good a night it was going to be. 'Cant wait to see you!' read one, 'I'm so glad you're going' read another, and 'did you bring the football?' read one, that had obviously been miss-sent. 

She did a quick double take at the latest one. 'I'm sitting on my bed about to cum...' Another miss-sent? A quick look at the sender answered that right off. Jessica Strand. 

'LOL Strandy I think you meant that for someone else...J' she sent back, giggling as she did so, partly imagining Jessica's embarrassment that a text so obviously meant for her boyfriend had gone astray, but at the same time very aware that the thought of Jessica Strand sitting giving herself a run-through on her bed was tempting her to drop her painstakingly selected ensemble, and start rubbing her clit then and there. But there was no time for that, she had a taxi waiting, and she's cum over that thought so many times that one more or less wouldn't make a difference...no reply to her text back. 

She arrived at the party just as it moved into gear, the music pumping as the assembled company of Jessica's best friends and work colleagues all crowded round to welcome the newcomer. Nikki spotted several staring at her chest and smirked in satisfaction, the dress had definitely been the right choice. Looking around there some good looking guys too, and Sally's brother was there, the one all the girls wanted a turn with. 'hmmm' she thought, 'could I break the rule for him tonight?' she was very aware that the wetness she felt between her legs had only increased since she caught the taxi, and rules were meant to be broken. Plus whoever pulled Sally's brother would be Queen of the Water Cooler come Monday. She strode to the bar for a drink, just about to order when she was urgently tapped from behind. 

'You MADE IT!' came the yelp, as Kellie launched herself for a hug. Kellie was the youngest girl in the branch, and always seemed either ultra-quiet or ultra-loud. Leaning back from the hug it was obvious what her choice for the evening was. Kellie had come to the Bank straight out of school, and her and Jessica had been firm friends since Jessica started at the branch. Yet their mentor/student relationship was reversed from the first night out they'd gone on together. Clutching virtually identical handbags Kellie had hoped they'd both meet perfect boyfriends that night, have perfect dates, and then maybe someday have matching wedding dresses. But all night long, she'd been sidelined in favor of her glamorous companion. Guy after guy came up to check out Jessica, try for a cheeky pinch of her perfect arse, try and say something that would convince her to dance. And the only guy that spoke to Kellie had been trying to get her friends number. Kellie knew she wasn't ugly, she made every effort so that her blonde bob was always perfect, and wore tight tops that displayed her generous teenage 34C proportions. When she smiled and meant it her face seemed to shine, and several of the losers she'd turned down had been quite complimentary of her smile. But somehow it never came together when she wanted.

She betrayed none of the envy and embarrassment of that night tonight however, as she leant back from hugging Nikki. Nikki had become her new best friend since she came to the branch, someone who was funny and popular, and who could be trusted to hang-out with her mates when they were out, not run off with the first guy who came walking up. 'Wow you look AMAZING!' she said, as she looked Nikki up and down, ruefully taking in her curves and wishing, not for the first time, that she could fill a dress like that. All the guys she seemed to attract were losers she wouldn't be seen dead with, or who just wanted to fuck her and then dump her. But she could see the guys in the room looking over with hungry eyes, and if they were looking at Nikki they could be looking at her too. 'Come on lets DANCE!' she shouted, tugging at Nikki's arm and leading her to the dance floor, looking round to see who was watching the little blonde elfin girl and the saucy-looking redhead hit the dance floor.

One watching face she didn't register was the Birthday Girl herself. Jessica sat at a group of chairs, her best friends flanking her on either side, feeling the room spin a little. She'd been drinking all afternoon, a fresh gin and tonic placed in her hand as soon as each one had been emptied. But everyone agreed it had been a great party so far. She had been planning it for the past month, inviting everyone she wanted and seeing the rsvp's pour in. Everyone wanted to come to her party. In amidst all this though, she still worried about everyone having a good time. She knew when people first met her they instantly though 'potential bitch'. She was well aware that being blonde, tanned, and universally agreed as gorgeous seemed to be the recipe for stuck-up attention-seeker. She even limited her dress because of it. She knew she could dress in a tiny miniskirt, and a top that showed off her pert 36B breasts, but she liked that her friends called her 'the classy one' for wearing dresses. And for tonight she'd picked a corker, a mint green Lipsy bandeau dress that hugged her perfect figure in every right way imaginable. And she knew that for a fact, because several people had already said so, one of who's hands had been doing something in his pocket that she preferred not to guess at. Her mother had discreetly sent her uncle home in a taxi after that. Tonight was Jessica's night, and she definitely did NOT need to be embarrassed by family.

She looked over to see Nikki arriving, and made to get up and catch her at the bar before she saw Kellie had caught her. As she made to join them Mark came over, intently looking her up and down before licking his lips slowly. 'Looking good Doll' he said, his mind as easy to read as if his dick was jutting out his forehead. She regretted ever dating him, but it was practically a sin to be single in her group of friends, and he was harmless enough, apart from when he got jealous. She sat and chatted to him, him talking about a job he was applying for and the great time he had at the football at the weekend, but all the time she was watching the dance floor, as Nikki and Kellie laughed and swung round one another. 

'I need another drink' she said, standing unsteadily and waving people away as immediately her nearest admirers offered to get her a re-fill. She strutted toward the dance floor, unconsciously swinging her hips and making every guy there strain to watch her tight curves.

'Mind if I cut in?' she said jokingly as she joined Kellie and Nikki, inserting herself neatly between the still jumping pair. 'Strandy!!!' Nikki roared, her three glasses of champagne she'd had placed in her hand starting to kick in. 'happy birthday!' she said, leaning forward and placing a peck on Jessica's lips. Her eyes widened as she felt a brush of tongue. It was little more than a touch, a flick, she wasn't even sure if she hadn't just imagined it. But a quite peek into Jessica's eyes let her know that it had definitely happened. They broke the kiss, so quickly no one could possibly think it had been anything other than a friendly peck for the birthday girl. But in an instant Nikki realized the text hadn't been miss-sent.

A few months before, Jessica was leaning breathlessly against the cubicle wall in the Chambers St toilets. She put a hand out to steady herself against the wall, leaving a wet palm-print against the gray paint. She hadn't had a chance to clean herself up yet. It wasn't the first time she'd gotten herself off at work, but was certainly the first time it hadn't been over a guy.

She'd loved it when Nikki had moved to the branch. She hadn't had a good laugh in ages, or a good gossip, and Nikki provided both in spades. It was only when they'd started discussing guys and relationships that her thoughts had gone to anywhere other than friendship. Jessica had only ever been with guys, and though the sex was great she'd only ever gone through the usual positions, always in bed, and never done anal (despite some of her more poor boyfriend choices demanding it to the point that she broke up with them)

Therefore it was with obvious shock that her face creased up with when Nikki announced that she'd slept with women. And not only that, had also squirted and had orgasms from anal before. Of course Jessica had heard this kind of talk before, but it was different when it wasn't coming from the internet or porn, but from the living breathing girl sitting beside you. She listened to Nikki's stories with greater and greater interest, crossing her legs to hide the dampness she felt and hoping to god her cardigan was covering her embarrassingly erect nipples. It was then that she started to look at Nikki in more detail, noting her pretty blue eyes, how her nose was perfectly matched to her face, and of course, the ample cleavage that strained at her tight work jacket. She giggled with tension while Nikki smirked at her obvious inexperience, and looked at Nikki's arse as she went to pick up the mail. At that moment a gust of wind blew through the open door, pushing up her skirt for a second, but long enough to reveal a tight black thong cutting her cheeks apart. Jessica imagined what that thong would look like tight against her pussy, and before she knew it she was on lunch, pushing open the door to the toilets and locking the door. She quickly yanked her trousers down, followed by her damp French knickers, before running her palm right over her protruding pink clit. She worked it mercilessly for a few minutes, before sliding her forefinger into her entrance, and pushing it deep inside. She murmured Nikki's name as she slid the finger in, imagining Nikki was watching her and doing the same in front of her. It didn't take more than a few more shallow thrusts before she was coming, her wet sticky climax soaking her hand while she stood and let it shudder through her body, shallow breaths punctuated with moans, and hoping to fuck that nobody came through the door and caught her getting off. But right now she was so horny she'd probably ride the manager if he came through that door. She leaned back and exhaled, knowing she had to go back upstairs at some point. But she made no move to pull her knickers back up...

Jessica turned away from Nikki's querying eyes. 'Awww you look amazing in that dress Kellie!' she said, 'and Sally's brother has been eyeing you since you got here!'. Kellie glowed at the twin compliments, maybe tonight would be her night after all. The three of them stood, chatting and assessing the guys on hand, but only one of them was looking at them with any interest. The other two were trading glances, alcohol fuelling their boldness, before Kellie broke in saying 'Do you honestly think he'd go with me?' indicating Dale, Sally's brother. 'I bet he will' said Jessica, before heading off in Dale's direction, a protesting Kellie trying to hold her back before grabbing Nikki's arm in suppressed excitement. 'Aww' thought Nikki, 'she's so cute when she's excited'. She didn't want to mention that she'd met Dale before tonight, and he'd spent that night staring at her cleavage too. Let Kellie have her moment in the sun, she thought. 

Suddenly Dale was striding over, smiling at Kellie and holding out his hand. She spent four seconds in mock indecision, before grabbing it and heading to the centre of the dance floor, so all could see. She danced as close to him as she dared, waiting for him to make a move on her, and deliberately angling her cleavage so he could see everything, and grinding her tight arse against his crotch whenever she could. She suddenly wished she hadn't worn underwear, so if his hands chanced up he could feel how wet she was, and take her outside like she so fervently wished.

'wow she's really going for it isn't she' Nikki said to Jessica, as they stood beside the bar. The party was definitely in full-swing, people were getting drunk and falling over one another, coming up to congratulate Jessica on her birthday, and in the centre of the press on the dance floor they could see Kellie grab Dale's hands and move them up her dress and onto her arse.

'yeah, I just dunno how into it he is' Jessica said. Nikki turned round enquiringly. 'Well she seemed so desperate to dance with him, I thought Id try and push them in the right direction. But he said he's not really into her. So I promised him you'd give him a hand job later on'

Nikki roared with laughter, causing the nearest faces to turn 'and he agreed?!' 

'of course he agreed, he's not blind, I had to haggle him down from a fuck!' 

Nikki laughed again 'shame you haggled!'

'Had to, don't want to share you with anyone!' Jessica laughed, the words escaping her mouth before she had a chance to call them back. Nikki stared at her smiling, reaching over to her and placing her hand on her side. Jessica still couldn't believe she'd just blurted it out like that, but Nikki was still smiling, and the warm hand on her side gently rubbing up and down was making her clit throb. She quickly flashed her eyes toward the back room before strutting toward there, displaying puzzlement and looking to the casual observer that she'd lost something, and was nipping through the back to find it. Nikki glanced at her phone for a few minutes, before looking around and following Jessica, ready to help her search for whatever she'd lost. 

As it turned out, what she'd lost was her underwear. Jessica wordlessly handed her sodden thong to Nikki as she entered the room, the juice making Nikki's hand slick and the air heavy with the scent of well-lubricated pussy. Nikki raised the thong to her mouth, and her tongue darted out to lick the length of the crotch, tasting Jessica and mmm'ing appreciatively, before dropping it to the floor. She raised her dress so Jessica could see the front of her g-string, before giving her pussy one deft rub through it, the underwear pressing against her own dripping cunt before coming away impregnated with her juice. She moved closer to Jessica and kissed her, but not a kiss like earlier, a deep lingering kiss, while she placed Jessica's hands on her arse and invited her to remove her underwear. Digging her fingers into the straps Jessica slid them down Nikki's long legs inch by inch, looking her in the eyes and feeling her own pussy tighten and squeeze of its own accord. Nikki stepped neatly out of her g-string, only for Jessica to push her back against the door, Nikki shouting out in surprise and then smiling as Jessica came close to her, smelling her perfume and kissing her, while her hands snaked up Nikki's thighs and around the curve of her arse. Nikki reached down and pulled her tits hastily out her top, her nipples jutting forward into the cold air of the room as Jessica's hands continued to massage her, before she stopped kissing Nikki and started to suck gratefully on her nipples, first the left, then the right, hard quick sucks that made Nikki's dripping pussy become a torrent. She grabbed Jessica's hand and rammed it against her pussy, gyrating her hips forward against her fingers. 'Pleeeasee...fuck me Strandy...pleaseee' she moaned in Jessica's ear, and Jessica slid two fingers inside her right up to the joint, causing her to yelp in pleasure. She bucked her hips against the fingers while Jessica's thumb played with her clit, riding them and forcing them in deeper.

'How's that Nikki' Jessica whispered playfully 'Is it good...?' She could feel her own juice running down her leg but couldn't stop herself, she wanted to feel Nikki tighten around her fingers and know she was loving it as much as she was. Nikki let out a low animal moan and her pussy went into overdrive. Jessica had inserted a third finger, and was now banging against Nikki's g-spot. Nikki rode the fingers with redoubled pace, squeezing her nipples between her fingers while she balanced against the wall, and with a deep grind gave a high-pitched squeal as her pussy clenched around Jessica's fingers, trapping them where they were, while she pushed down against them. 'ohm myy goddd' Nikki breathed, as her climax ripped through her, her cum gushing down Jessica's fingers and down her wrist. Jessica leaned down to catch it with her tongue, not wanting to move her fingers while Nikki's entire body quivered around them. Then Nikki sighed as her pussy relaxed, releasing Jessica's fingers. Jessica slid them up her chest, leaving streaks on her dress before putting them to her mouth, drinking the cum and licking every inch off, making sure Nikki could see her smear it across her face. She leaned up to kiss her wetly, their tongues rippling across one another, then breaking to smile at the released tension, now they'd finally done what they'd both been mutually aching to do for months.

Jessica turned to reach for her underwear, getting it as far as her ankles before she was pushed over a chair from behind. She squealed in surprise and delight as Nikki parted her pussy lips and darted her tongue inside her. Her legs were pulled roughly apart and she felt fingers prising her open, giving Nikki better purchase as she tongued her roughly, before licking up to her arsehole, pushing her tongue against it til it yielded to her pressure and she forced it inside. Jessica had never even had a finger up there much less a tongue, and feeling Nikki's tongue writhe inside her arse was driving her wild. Her pussy contracted as it ached to be filled, while Nikki worked Jessica's arsehole and played her fingers along her clit. Nikki groped around behind her with her free hand, and seconds later Jessica felt the cold, hard neck of a beer bottle rubbing against her pussy lips. She moaned deeply as Nikki began to insert it, slowly but firmly, until the neck was fully inside her. Nikki rocked the bottle back and forth, letting Jessica adjust to it inside her, while she snuck her other hand up Jessica's dress to play with her ripe perfect tits. Jessica leaned back on the bottle moaning, and as Nikki turned she was sure she could see a little of Jessica's juice starting to collect inside of it. With that she withdrew her tongue, seeing Jessica's arsehole pucker wetly before she pushed a finger in to replace it. Jessica jolted back again, humping back against the bottle, as Nikki began to push the base with her free hand. 'how much do you want it Strandy...' Nikki purred, and she increased the force with her fingers. Jessica could only moan back as the bottle began to edge deeper inside her, her pussy expanding and sucking against it. Suddenly she leant forward and moaned louder, and Nikki thought she'd hurt her, but Jessica drove her body back onto the bottle, forcing herself down on it and crying out loud as it stretched her to her limits. Nikki could feel her cunt dripping wetly onto the floor as she took in the scene before her, Jessica with her vagina stretched to breaking by a beer bottle and her own finger up to the knuckle inside her perfect little arse. She found herself totally overcome with desire, and lunged forward to tongue Jessica's clit, watching Jessica's cervix contract through the green glass of the bottle. There was no mistaking it now, the steady stream of Jessica's cum pouring into the bottle and starting to pool at its base. Jessica was actively riding it now, forcing herself back onto it, aware of the chance that any of her family and friends could come through that door at any minute, and find her with a bottle wedged inside her tight cunt and her work colleague licking her out and fingering her arsehole at the same time. She breathed in shallow gasps 'Nikki...I'm going...to...cummm....'. another glance at the glass confirmed to Nikki how close she was, her pussy contracting round the bottle so strongly that it was beginning to push it out of her. Nikki judged her moment, and then yanked the bottle out completely, replacing it with her mouth fastened on Jessica's ripe lips and her tongue probing hard inside her. She gripped Jessica's thighs, her fingers digging into the soft tanned flesh, and Jessica bucked and thrashed as she came, her climax screaming out of her, and a steady gush of fluid erupting from her pussy and down Nikki's throat, making her gag as her mouth overflowed and Jessica's squirt jetted all over her face. Nikki felt herself achingly close, and worked her own pussy frantically as Jessica continued to squirt, finally coming herself as Jessica's last spurts went into her mouth, the sweet liquor coating every inch of her throat and tonsils as she drank it all and panted hard. 
