 Scanning the room filled with people happily chatting and mingling, I see her smiling up at her husband. Her grin lights up her face and draws my eyes to her. I look at her clad in a soft black leather skirt, falling loosely to her knees, bright blue poet shirt laced up the front exposing a tempting glimpse of her breasts, and sexy black heels. I lick my lips, watching his hands that rest on her ass, holding her close. Catching his eyes, I smile, letting him see my thoughts and he nods slightly, grinning back. 

I thread my way over to my husband's side. Glancing down at my watch, I note the time 11:15pm, only 45 minutes to midnight, I will have to hurry if I want to make it back to kiss him at the stroke of midnight. I wrap my arms around his neck and lift my lips for a deep kiss, which leaves me breathless. He can feel my pounding heart and looking into my eyes can read my excitement and my plans. Kissing me softly, he whispers to me, "Make sure to be back for my kiss when the ball drops." I grin back at him and with a saucy wiggle I move back into the crowd, making my way toward her. I can just catch sight of her husband's head over the crowd so I make a beeline toward him.

Smiling, I sneak up behind her and wrap my arms gently around her waist resting my chin on her shoulder. "Hi hun, mind if I bug you for a second."

She jumps slightly at my first touch but relaxes against me at the sound of my voice, resting her hands on mine. I purr softly in her ear feeling her shiver against me; I smile at her husband, standing in front of us. "Why don't you two find a quiet corner for a little talking? " he suggests smiling back at me, "It is so noisy out here, I don't know how you two will ever catch up."

She nods and turns toward me, hooking my arm with hers. I grin and wave to her husband. "I'll have her back for midnight, I promise."

With that, I tug gently on her arm, leading her up the stairs and around the corner into a large walk-in closet. Closing the door behind us, I flick on the soft overhead light and casually lock the door, "We don't want anyone to bug us, do we?"

Gently, I pull her into my arms, holding her close. Feeling her trembling, I know she feels my hungry gaze running over her. Savoring the feel of her against me, I press a soft kiss to the top of her head. My hands slip up her arms to tangle gently in the hair at the base of her neck. 

Tugging, I lift her face up to meet me. I brush my lips over hers then press them together, feeling hers part slightly. Shivering, she runs her hands down the velvety softness of my shirt to rest on my hips. As I deepen our kiss, our tongues softly move together and I press her back against the door, letting our bodies rock against each other.

Lifting my lips, I look down into her eyes. Gasping, her gaze clings to mine, calling out to me. Leaning in, I nibble gently on the side of her neck and whisper softly in her ear, "Let me touch you."

At her frantic nod, I let my fingers pull the laces that held the front of her shirt together. Tugging the string gently, the fabric parts, exposing her black satin bra covering her full breasts. Feeling her hands pulling at my shirt, I wriggle out of it and my bra and toss them to the side. Her fingers trace over my breasts. Tingles shoot through my body, making me shiver and my nipples harden. My hands open her bra, fully exposing the curves of her breasts to me. I lean down and take a soft nipple into my mouth, lapping and nibbling at it feeling, it harden under my touch.

She moans, letting her head fall back, clutching at my breasts, mindlessly feeling the sensations flooding her body. Slipping my hands down her thighs, I slide her skirt up to bunch at her waist, exposing her whole body to my hands and my eyes. I step back for a moment to look at her standing naked before me, clad only in her heels, stockings, and skirt bunched at her waist. I smile into her eyes, letting her see my hunger. For a moment she uses her hands to veil herself from my eyes but then lets them drop away with an embarrassed smile. 

I step out of my skirt, letting her see me as well and pull her back into my embrace. The feel of skin on skin makes me shudder. I slip my hands down to cup her ass, lifting her gently, kissing her deeply. My hands begin to tremble slightly from the sensory overload. She looks questioningly up into my eyes unsure of what to do next. Gently, I guide her down onto her knees and follow close behind, kneeling in front of her. 

Coaxing her thighs apart, I slip my hand up her inner thigh, feeling her muscles quiver under my touch. My hands rest over her pussy, feeling the pulse of her heartbeat pounding against my palm. As my fingers stroke her lips, she gasps, lifting herself up, her breasts rising up to the level of my lips. Grinning, I nibble on each hardened nipple. Her hands come up automatically grasping my hair, holding my mouth against her breasts, her moans rumbling deep in her throat. My fingers continue their gently stroking, waiting as her silky lower lips swell with blood, gradually parting on their own. My fingers part her lips, finding her clit and circling it softly. Her wetness lets my fingers slide against her, feeling her whole body trembling. The scent of her arousal fills my nose, making my body quiver in anticipation. My lips nibble gently down her body and nip softly at her clit. She jumps slightly groaning. My tongue darts out to lap at her.

Unable to help myself, I lie down on the floor with my legs resting away from her and pull her forward over my face. She scoots forward and kneels over my face her entire body frozen with anticipation. I lift my face up to kiss her lips, lapping at her wetness. As my tongue meets her clit, she collapses down on me, her face resting on my tummy only inches from my thighs. I shiver as her breath teases my hairless pussy.

My hips move seemingly on their own, twitching, seeking her mouth and fingers. Breathless, I beg her huskily. "Taste me too."

With only a moment's hesitation, she lowers to her mouth to me, teasing with her tongue. I moan loudly against her pussy then resume my hungry licking. The feel of her mouth drives me crazy within moments. My body trembles and shakes against hers as my tongue teases her clit and then begins a fast thrusting into her wet pussy. My hands grasps her ass, holding tightly as she grinds herself against my face, her body writhing against me, her moans vibrating my most sensitive skin.

My whole body on fire, my mind unable to think clearly, my whole being is centered on this wonderful woman and the sensations flooding through my body. Moving against each other, our tongues teasing, our hips rocking, my lips close over her clit lapping at it, feeling it pulsing under my lips. From the sounds of her moans, I can tell she is as close to climax as I am now. Lifting my face more, I thrust my tongue into her, my fingers caressing and teasing. 

Groaning loudly, she shudders against me, grinding her pussy hard down on my tongue, seeking to drive me deeper. My tongue laps and thrusts feeling her whole body shaking and tensing. 

Suddenly, she buries her tongue deep inside me and her entire pussy clenches, flooding me. She rocks against me, groaning, lapping frantically at my clit, her fingers softly thrusting into me as I feel myself teetering on the brink. Then with a shout, muffled by her pussy still trembling over my mouth, I feel my entire body exploding in sensation. 

Wrapping my arms around her ass, I hold her close as we tremble together. I growl softly, pressing kisses to her pussy. She sighs, slides off me, and nestles in beside me. I pull her close, brushing a kiss over her lips. The taste of our come mingling on our lips brings a smile to my lips. I hold her close, breathing deeply and trying to calm my racing heart. Inside I can still feel echoes of the explosion, quivering and trembling. Sitting up, I tug her gently with me still holding her tight.

Looking up, I laugh as the sight of the coats lining the walls finally filters into my vision. A thought slips to the surface of my mind and I glance at my watch. "11:50. We'd better hurry and get dressed if we want to rejoin the men before midnight"

Smiling, I stand up and offer her a hand to help her up. We both gather up our clothes and dress silently. As I straighten out my clothes and casually run a hand through my hair, I look into her eyes. She smiles back up at me and I can see her quiet contentment echoing back. I pull her close for one last hug and press a soft kiss to her lips. Slipping out the door and back down the stairs, we find our husbands deep in conversation on the opposite side of the room and make our way back over to them. Walking up to my husband I slide up under his arm to snuggle in by his side and smile up at him. He leans over and presses a kiss to my lips. "Enjoy yourself?"

In response to my nod, he grins and holds me tight. Glancing over, I see her snuggling in close to her husband and we share a grin. All around us people begin the chant "10...9...8..." but we just smile into each others eyes knowing while this might have been the first time, this new year could bring us many new exciting things.