 Jess was sitting naked across from me on my bed. Her legs were spread wide and she was rubbing her bare pussy.

"Come on," Susie, "let's go together."

"I don't know if I want to get waxed," I replied. "Why don't you just keep shaving?"

"It's a pain," she said.

"You shave your legs and pits, is running a razor over your pussy that much more?"

"Well, maybe if you offered to help..." Jess smiled as she rubbed herself.

"If I agreed, would you stop bugging me about waxing?"

"Sure, but I might need you to do it a lot," my roommate said.

"God, you are such a slut," I retorted and pushed my bare foot between her legs.

"Ooh, are you going to toe-fuck me now?"

We laughed and bent forward for a kiss. Kissing had become a big part of our daily interactions. Since the night we had a three-way with a tall, gorgeous redhead, Jess and I have enjoyed a physical closeness that added to our emotional bond. We were best friends, roommates, soul partners and semi-lovers. At times it was impossible to separate what we were at any one moment. The only rule we had was that we were not going to become full lovers. In our minds that meant, we would not go down on each other, insert our fingers or use a dildo on each other. Funny, how we developed these rules and still kissed and fondled each other a lot.

We would sleep in the same bed, not every night, but frequently. I loved the feeling of her naked body next to mine. Waking up in the morning to find her sexy butt pushed up against mine was a special pleasure.

"I never shaved anyone there," I said.

"I trust you," she replied and slipped a finger inside.

"Stop that, you're turning me on," I pleaded.

"And the problem is...?"

"The problem is we both have a ton of studying to do. I can't concentrate looking at your body and watching you finger yourself. So, go put some clothes on."

"I will if you promise you'll shave my pussy this weekend."

"God, the things I have to do to be your friend," I whined.

Jess jumped up and went to her room. It took me a few minutes to clear my mind of the sight of her pretty open pussy just inches from me. I knew tonight I'd have a rendezvous with my vibe.

After a couple hours of straight studying, I stretched and went to the kitchen for a Diet Coke. As I passed Jess' room I saw her sprawled on her bed amidst books and her laptop. Her black glasses were down to the tip of her nose and she was peering over them to read something from a text book. She was so engrossed in her work that she did not notice me in her doorway.

After a couple minutes she looked up and saw me.

"What?"

"You want something from the kitchen?"

"How about a DC and some pretzels?"

I nodded but didn't leave.

"What?" she said, only this time with a rise in her voice.

"You are too cute for words. I love looking at you."

Jess smiled. "You're demented, but I love you anyway."

I dropped her Coke off along with a bowl of pretzels. 

"Mind if I sleep alone tonight?" I asked.

As was her habit, she peered at me over the rims of her glasses. "You know, Susie, you can masturbate in front of me. I won't mind."

"I bet you wouldn't, pervert," I said. "But, I'm still a little shy about that."

"Suit yourself, but at least think of me."

"That's a given," I said and bid her good night.

I finished my work and the soda. After hitting the bathroom, I crawled naked into bed and retrieved my vibe from the bedside stand. With the lights out, I started out slowly. Images of Jess from before with her pussy exposed floated in front of me. As I got wetter, I imagined Christa naked crawling on my bed. Predator eyes bore into me and her tongue flicked out and back of her lush lips. I inserted the vibe and increased the speed. As I was plunging and enjoying the sensations of being filled and tingled at the same time, an image of a tall, dark-haired women flashed through my mind. It was too quick for me to identify, although I had the feeling I knew her. I pushed my toy all the way in and came hard.

In the afterglow of my orgasm, I thought about the new woman who appeared in my fantasy. I still couldn't bring her into focus, but it made me warm all over thinking about her. By now I was too tired to do anything but give into sleep.

*** 

Sunday rolled around and Jess and I were on edge anticipating another visit from Christa. She had promised us to come by and tell us about her date with Calvin, the football player. As much as we wanted to hear those details, I know both of us were wondering if we would have a repeat of the incredible three-way we experienced with Christa.

Jess was wearing sweats, top and bottom. I had dressed in jeans and a fleece pullover. As we sat on the couch going through the Sunday paper, I felt a familiar and totally unwelcome wetness.

"Fuck," I shouted.

"What?" Jess asked.

"Just got my period," I announced and headed to the bathroom to start attending to matters.

"Ooh, poor baby," cried out Jess. "Guess I might have to take care of Christa all by myself."

"Bitch," I yelled back. Damn it. She was right. I did not do sex when I was flowing. Damn it, damn it, damn it, I was looking forward to another session with Christa. She did things to me last time that completely destroyed my previous concept of what good sex was.

Ten minutes later I was back on the couch properly outfitted and wearing clean panties under my jeans.

Jess was humming a tune that started to get on my nerves when there was a knock at the door.

Jess ran and opened it to Christa.

God, she was beautiful. Today her red hair was worked up into some sort of bun on top. There were a few tantalizing straggles hanging along her long, pale neck. She wore a green turtleneck cotton shirt and black jeans. She dropped her coat on a chair and slipped off her long scarf. Her nipples were nearly bursting from the turtleneck. She kissed Jess and slipped her hands on her butt. Pulling Jess tight to her, she kept contact with her lips and one hand moved up her back and then disappeared in front. From Jess' groan I suspected Christa had found Jess' boob and was giving it all the attention it deserved.

Finally, they broke apart. Christa grinned as she approached me. She sat on the couch and pulled me into her arms. She kissed me and I felt myself wanting to melt into her body. Her hand grabbed the hem of my pullover and yanked it up exposing my right boob. In a second her lips had latched on to my nipple and heat raced through my veins. Her hand ventured toward my crotch, but I stopped her.

She looked up. "Time of the month," I said.

"Doesn't bother me," she replied and bit on my nipple.

I moved her hand from my leg and said, "Sorry, it bothers me."

She kissed my boob some more and then sat up. My top dropped down and my boob felt lonely.

"Got any food?"

We decided to order in a pizza and I offered to make Margaritas. By the time the pizza arrived we had finished one round and were on our second.

"This will be it for me," Christa said. "I can't stay long."

I could see the disappointment in Jess' eyes. Christa noticed it as well. "Hey, I've got a lot of work piled up and I need the time. Sorry."

"Don't let this college stuff take away from what's important," said Jess.

"Like wild, deviant sexual encounters?" teased Christa.

"Exactly," Jess replied.

"So, how'd it go with Calvin last night?" I asked.

"Nice. We went out for pizza. I better be careful with all this pizza or I won't be able to fit in my jeans."

Jess leaned forward, placing a hand on Christa's thigh. "Anytime you want help getting out of them, you know who to call."

"God, you're incorrigible," I said.

"If that's another word for horny," Jess said, "Then damn sure I am."

"Thanks," said Christa, "I'll keep that offer in mind. Anyway, we spent the evening talking. He's a pretty cool guy. Like Paul, he's serious about college and is using football as a way to get a good education. He's planning on law school. You look at him and just think jock, but there's a lot there. I had fun."

"That's it?" cried Jess. "No sex? No show me yours? No throw him on the bed and fuck his brains out?"

Laughing Christa said, "Nope. Just boring old talking, person to person."

"Guy is gay," proclaimed Jess. "Definitely has to be gay."

"Don't think so," said Christa. "I think he is really a nice guy. We had fun and agreed to go out again. Maybe next time something will happen that will appeal to your demented sense of relationships."

"Better happen," said Jess. "I want details and the more salacious the better."

Christa and I said at the same time, "Salacious?"

"Yeah, I can use big words, bitches. I'm not all just a hot body."

"I'll take your word on your ability with language," said Christa. "But, I have no doubt about the hot body part." She slid her hand up Jess' thigh. Jess squirmed and smiled a lot.

"Hey, I really have to run," said Christa. "Let's make plans to get together soon. Jess, we can talk after Comm class."

Jess stood and moved in front of Christa. I was across the table from them.

Christa stared at the lower part of Jess at eye level. She reached out and pulled Jess' sweatpants done, exposing her bare pussy.

"Hmm, keeping it smooth, I see." She ran her hand over the mound and her finger traced a trail through the swollen lips.

"Yes," Jess said, trying to control her breath. "I made Susie promise to help me keep it smooth."

"I'm sure that's not a hardship," she said and I watched as one finger vanished inside of Jess.

"Oh, god, that feels so good," Jess said.

Christa moved her face forward and let her tongue run up between the folds and end at the bump. Jess' ass was bouncing in reaction and she had grabbed her own boobs under her top.

Christa pumped quickly, added two more fingers, and pumped. She kept her tongue in contact with the clit, which she now exposed with her thumb. I didn't know how Jess could last much longer. She didn't. I saw Christa's lips close on Jess' clit and suck. Jess cried out and her knees buckled. Christa pulled her face away and used two hands on Jess's butt to steady her.

Once Jess gained control, Christa offered me her fingers, still covered with my roommate's slickness. I smiled and shook my head. Christa cleaned her own fingers. She then pulled up Jess' pants. Standing, she kissed Jess and hugged her.

"I really have to go," Christa said. "Jess, you are delicious. Thank you."

Christa came around to me as I rose. We hugged and kissed. Her lips had a faint trace of Jess, but the softness and warmth of them was all I could focus on. 

Two minutes later, Christa was out the door and Jess and I were sprawled on the couch.

"She's a witch or she-devil," said Jess. "How could she make me cum so fast and so hard?"

I assured her I had no idea. "You aren't complaining, are you?"

"Fuck, no. I'll take all of that I can get."

Jess closed her eyes and soon was napping. I threw a blanket over her and cleaned up the kitchen. I went to my bed and attempted to read a couple chapters of an assigned book. I tried to concentrate, but my mind kept drifting back to watching my roommate have an orgasm. My hands also kept slipping to my nipples and playing with them. Images of that red hair tight against Jess's pussy seared my brain. Thinking about her lips on my nipple made me squeeze my legs together as I pinched that nipple. Another flash of shiny, dark hair hovering on my chest and another set of lips on my nipple unsettled me. Rather than try to unravel the puzzle, I just let my imaginary lovers ravish me. All in all, it wasn't a bad Sunday afternoon.

The next week was ordinary to the point of bordering on boredom. Jess and I spent most of our time cracking the books and working on papers for our classes. We managed to sleep together on Thursday. I noticed a difference as we lay naked together. Certainly we showed affection, but neither of us initiated much sexual touching. I enjoyed feeling her naked breasts pushing into mine, but neither of us touched or kissed each other's breasts. We lay entwined but did not engage in sensual kissing. I enjoyed this closeness. It wasn't sexual, it was comforting. 

I tried to uncover why both of us were behaving this way. In the back of my mind, I kept coming back to our last encounter with Christa. I wondered if the orgasm Christa provided Jess somehow shifted the equation a bit. Maybe Jess was thinking that she wanted Christa to herself and not have to share her with me. At first I thought I should be offended. The more I thought about it, however, the less I resented the idea. As we drifted to sleep in each other's arms, I felt at peace with the relationship Jess and I had formed. Even though I might miss the intensity of sex with Christa, I could see myself stepping aside and letting Jess move forward.

Strange feelings. It's not like I was waiting for someone else. At least I didn't think so. My last clear thought before sleep overtook me was walking down a long hall trying to follow a shining mass of black hair. Every time I got close, the person faded away.

Christa called and begged off our plan to get together on Saturday. She told Jess there were some other things she had to do. Jess was a little pissed that Christa was not more specific. 

She tossed her phone on the couch. "This sucks," she said. "All revved up and nowhere to go."

"Poor baby," I offered in mock sympathy. "There's always your trusty battery-powered companion."

"Yeah, but I was kina looking forward to something a little more edgy." Jess looked at me for a long time.

Finally, I gave in. "What?"

"I know we agreed not to, you know, like do each other. But..."

"Jess, I don't want to have sex with you."

"Let me finish," she said. "But, how about we masturbate together. You know watch each other."

I had never done that before. Even though I had full sex with Christa while Jess watched, I still felt that masturbation was such a private activity that I couldn't engage in group masturbation. I explained this to Jess.

"Ok," she said. "Could you watch me while I do myself?"

"You'd want me to do that?"

"It would be extremely hot," she said.

As long as I didn't have to participate, I agreed. 

Jess jumped up and grabbed my hand. "This is going to be so much fun!"

She led me to the bathroom.

"You want to do it in the bathroom?" I asked.

"No, I want you to shave me first."

"Jess, I don't..."

"Susie, you promised. Please! It will help me get started."

"I don't think getting started has ever been one of your problems."

Jess grinned and shed her two pieces of clothing. She sat on the toilet and spread her legs. "The shaving cream and my razor are over there."

Kneeling in front of her, I had to admire the exposed sex. In spite of our agreement, there was nothing more I wanted at that second than to press my lips to her.

"Fell the stubble," Jess said.

I ran my hands along her mound, over her lips and even between her legs and touched her 

Grabbing a washcloth, I ran it under warm water and then pressed it against Jess. She responded by moving her hips and thrusting against my hand.

"Easy, girl," I said, "I'm just softening things up."

"Doesn't mean I can't enjoy it," she replied.

Dropping the cloth, I filled my palm with shaving cream. Jess twitched as I spread over her. I knew enough about feminine grooming to be able to shave everything above her lips. I ran a finger through her slit to expose the parts I didn't want the razor to touch. 

"Ooh, that feels good, Susie."

"Jess, stop it. I'm just making sure I don't slice off your pussy."

"Ok, but I wouldn't mind if you made double sure of it." She squirmed under my touch.

Carefully, I cleaned up along her thighs and lips. Jess placed her legs on my shoulders and exposed her entire bottom half. I quickly used the razor from slit to butt. 

"Make sure it's smooth, babe."

One more time I ran my fingers along her skin. This time I did tease her rosebud and scratched it with my fingernail.

"Oh, god, yes. That's nice."

I resisted plunging my finger in her butt and returned to carefully feel every inch of her labia and mound. I even pushed back her clit hood and felt the nub to be sure there was no hair there. I am nothing if not thorough. 

Jess grabbed my hand and tried to force my finger inside her.

"Not part of the deal—remember."

"Bitch," she said. We looked at each other and smiled.

"At least help me up," Jess said. I stood and pulled her up. She fell into my arms and we kissed. She pried my legs apart with her leg and inserted one between mine. She began humping my leg; her pussy rubbing against my jeans.

"I thought you were going to masturbate," I said. My hands landed on her firm butt and pulled her to me.

"Just the warm-ups, Susie."

I let her go for a minute or so and then stepped back. Jess gasped when we broke free.

"My bed or yours?" I asked.

"Mine," she said.

I helped her clear the piles of papers and books from her bed. We pulled back the covers. "Would you mind sitting at the bottom? I like to rest against the headboard."

I scooted down and she arranged the pillows behind her. Jess reached into her side table and pulled out a purple dildo. I hadn't seen this one before and it was not a vibrator, just a penis-shaped piece of rubber.

Jess spread her legs and raised her knees. I could see wetness along her folds. She ran her fingers up her slit until they glistened. She offered them to me and I shook my head. She coated her lips with her essence and leaned forward.

I knew what she wanted. I moved my head and we kissed. I tasted her and my own pussy reacted. At this point I was seriously doubting the wisdom of our deal not to go down on each other.

"Nice?" she asked.

"Very," I said.

"There's more where that came from," she said with a grin.

"Right now, I'll have to take your word."

Sighing, she sat back. Slowly she began playing with herself. Her fingers danced along her labia and teased her clit, still hidden under its hood. More moisture appeared at her opening. Fixing me with her eyes, she inserted one finger as deep as possible. I had to look. As Jess slowly pumped in and out, I felt myself licking my lips. Jess added a second finger and then a third. She was pumping harder and faster. She used her free hand to pull back her hood and circle her clit with her finger. She ran that finger down to obtain some natural lube and covered her clit. Now her finger glided back and forth as her other hand pumped hard.

Suddenly she pulled her fingers out and I moaned at the loss of the intoxicating squishing sounds and the heady aroma filling the space between us. She grabbed the dildo. 

"Would you?" she asked pointing the base toward me. I shook my head no.

She placed the tip at her opening and in one smooth motion buried it to its base of ersatz testicles. A long sigh of pleasure escaped her lips. The dildo rested inside her and Jess used her hands to pinch her nipples. Moving from pinching to tugging and jerking, she moaned.

Leaving one hand on a breast, she took hold of the dildo's base and extracted it until just the big mushroom head remained inside. Now, she began fucking herself with the purple cock. Her slow thrusts turned to fast and then all I saw was a blur. She kept torturing her nipple with one hand and fucking with the other. Her moans morphed to groans and then to cries. As her cries grew louder, Jess thrust harder. When I thought she would explode, she called out and started cumming.

Her breath came out in short gasps and she spasmed. Her legs clamped together and she released her raw nipple. Jess rolled on her side and curled up into the fetal position. 

"Take it out, please, Susie."

I reached between her legs and pulled the dildo from her. It was covered in her juices and her pussy gaped open. I dropped the dildo on the floor and crept up behind her and spooned her.
