 Amy Carter was the new English teacher at Piedmont High. She was very young and very attractive. She was the hottest teacher in school. All of the guys would drool after her. Rumors swirled around the school that she was screwing every guy there from the principal to all of the football team. Eve though those rumors were untrue, Amy loved the attention. Valentine’s Day started an eventful experience for Ms. Carter. 

Amy walked into her room that morning, and saw two dozen roses sitting on her desk. There were no cards indicating who they were from. The roses looked and smelled wonderful. She asked around all day, but no one knew about the mystery roses.

Amy thought and thought all weekend, “Who sent me those roses?”

Monday morning, she walked into her room, and a giant white teddy bear, with a red stomach and nose was sitting on her desk. Once again, there was no indication to who it was from. Once again, no one knew who sent it.

This went on all week. Every morning, flowers, candy, expensive perfumes, and such would all be waiting on her in her room. Friday, there was a heart shaped box of chocolates on her desk. She spent the whole weekend devouring them. When she finished them, there was an envelope in the bottom of the box. She opened them, there were several pictures in them. The first picture was fuzzy to make out, but it looked like a woman’s pussy! She looked at the next one, it was a little bit more clear, it was woman’s pussy! Was her secret admirer a woman? The next picture was of a pair of legs, the next was of the upper body. “Who ever this person was, she has big breasts,” Amy noted. The next few pictures were of the hair and face. It wasn’t until the last picture, that she knew who this person was. She was lying on her back nude, using a vibrator on herself. It was Harley, The girl in her Senior English Lit. class! She was in shock! At the same time she was something else, but she was to shocked to admit it to herself. She didn’t know why, but she kept looking through all the pictures several times. She stopped when she felt “dirty.” 

Amy took a shower and wet to bed. That night she dreamed of Harley. She woke up the next morning like she hadn’t slept at all, she felt like shit. She went to school. There were the roses, three dozen this time. These had cards from Harley expressing her love for her teacher. All through her first class, Amy tried not to make eye contact with Harley. She wasn’t a lesbian, and even if she was, she couldn’t carry on an affair with her student. The day as restless, but Amy was glad it was over at two o’clock. She was sitting at her desk reading a magazine. She heard a knock on the door. She told them to come in. It was Harley.

“Hi Ms. Carter.”

“Hi. What can I do for you?”

Amy noticed how Harley was dressed. She was wearing a short plaid skirt and a see through blouse, and if she wasn’t mistaken, she wasn’t wearing a bra.

“It’s not what you can do for me, it’s what I can do for you.”

“Harley I-”

“You look so tense, let me help you.”

Harley walked behind her teacher and began to give her a massage on her shoulders. Amy melted. The massage felt so good. Harley had a very good touch. Amy woke up when she felt her kissing her neck.

“Harley stop. We can’t-”

“Can’t what? I can’t make you feel good again? I can’t worship your body?”

Harley’s hands traveled down Amy’s blouse. She rubbed her breasts. Amy was melting even more. Harley spun her around in her chair.

“You want me to strip for you Amy?”

Harley took off her blouse, freeing her breasts. Amy couldn’t take her eyes of her big fat nipples. Harley rubbed herself asking:

“I bet you want to wrap your lips around these, don’t you?”

Amy couldn’t explain it, but she did want to suck those tits. Amy was swaying her hips when she lifted her skirt to indicate that she wasn’t wearing panties. Her pussy was shaven and wet. 

“You will in due time.”

Harley got on her knees, and stuck her hands under Amy’s skirt, and removed her panties. She stuck her head under her skirt, and began to eat out her pussy. Harley was going to town on her teacher’s pussy. Amy was enjoying the tongue lashing her pussy was getting. She was moaning louder and louder, on the brink of an orgasm, when she heard the intercom, it was the Principal.

“Ms. Carter? Your two thirty parent teacher meeting is here.”

“Oh! What? Uh okay.”

Amy had forgotten all about the meeting she was going to have with Roger Stewart’s parents. She was caught in a trap. Harley motioned that she would get under her desk. She took their clothes with her. The parents came in the room, and Amy tried to have an intelligent conversation with them about their son’s grade. It was tough because Harley didn’t have enough of her pussy the first time. She started eating her pussy again. Harley stifled her moans as best she could. When she couldn’t, she would claim she was feeling sick. If only that boy’s parents would have known that Amy came twice while she was talking with her. 

Just as soon as they left, Harley got out of her hiding place fully clothed, or as clothed as she was when she first came in. She kissed her teacher on the lips. Amy tasted her cum on her student’s lips. Harley walked out of the classroom, and left her teacher in a sexual mess.

Amy collected herself, and tried to find her panties. She couldn’t. She left for her apartment. She got to her apartment, and was shocked to find her door was unlocked. She opened the door and nearly fainted when she saw Harley sitting on her couch in her panties that she couldn’t find in her room.

“How did you get in here?”

“I told your landlord that you were tutoring me.”

“We have to talk.”

“No! We have to fuck!”

Harley walked to her teacher and laid a kiss on her that would have melted her elastic in her panties, if she was wearing them. Harley took off the panties.

“Amy, let me help you get nude.”

Harley unbuttoned and removed Amy’s blouse. Then she freed her titties from her prison like bra. She helped her out of her skirt, panty hose, and high heels. Harley let her tongue travel up and down Amy’s legs. Harley got back on her feet, an kissed her again on the lips. 

The kiss was long and hard. Harley let her lips, mouth and tongue travel down to her breasts. She worshipped them for the longest. But she had to stop, she wanted to taste her prize again. 

She rammed her tongue deep into Amy’s pussy. She quickly found her large clit and licked, sucked, and pulled on it. Amy was so sexually excited that she began squirting cum all over Harley. Then without much warning, cum was exploding out of her pussy like the “lava bombs” in the movie Volcano.

When Amy calmed down, she wanted to give Harley the same pleasure. The girls kissed again. Amy hoped that Harley’s pussy tasted as good as her’s did. Amy sucked on Harley’s big fat nipples. Harley was encouraging her lover to go for the gold and eat her pussy. 

Amy did, and her inexperienced tongue went crazy on her pussy. Harley noticed that Amy’s licks were a bit different than most, but she was still taking her to the big O.

When Harley came, she covered Amy’s entire face with cum. Some had even dripped down on her breasts. Amy was like a hungry wolf. Harley had to beg her to stop, or she might not ever cum again. Amy had brought her student to at least eight orgasms in a row! 

When Amy came back down from her high, she reached into her book bag and pulled out a strapon dildo. She lubed it up with her own cum and put it on. She laid down beside her.

“Amy? I want you. I know I might have sort of freaked you out, but ever since the first day I saw you, I needed you. I needed to fuck you. But if you want to quit, we will, and I promise I’ll keep this between us.”

Amy grabbed Harley, and kissed her.

“No one has ever treated me the way you have this last week or so. Fuck me Harley.”

Amy spread her legs as Harley positioned herself and her eight inch cock over her new lover. She slowly inserted it in her pussy, and Amy moaned loudly.

“Oh, I didn’t hurt you did I?”

“No keep going. Fuck me!!!”

Harley inserted her dick deep into Amy until she swallowed it all up. She slowly and sensuously began fucking her. Amy rode her slowly, but within minutes, they were one big sexual fuck festival. Amy came just as many times as she made Harley, and she was begging for mercy. Harley stopped and pulled her dildo out of her. She took it off, and handed it to Amy. Amy licked her cum off of the dildo while Harley worshipped her body. 

The girls shared a bath together. and found out a little more about each other.

“So was that your first time Har?”

“Believe it or not, yes it was. I guess I was so good because of all the practice I got fantasizing about you.” What about you?”

“I was with one guy during college, but you were the first woman I have ever been with, and you were the best.”

“So what are we going to do about us? I know we took a risk at school today, but I’m pretty sure we can’t do that every day.”

“Well, we may occasionally take a risk, just for the excitement of it, but let’s just do this: During school, we will be teacher and student, but after school I’m yours however you want, and your mine however I want. Okay?”

“Okay.! Amy, I love you!”

“I love you too.”

The two shared a kiss and enjoyed their bath.

Just as was promised, Amy and Harley lead a teacher and student existence during school hours. But after hours, it was anything goes! Harley graduated from high school and move in with Amy soon after. She went to college real close so she could stay with Amy. To this day, five years later, the sex is still good, and the two are just as in love. In a couple of years, Harley hopes to be a coworker with her lover. And they are living Happily Ever After.