  (Ff, humil, etc.)

Please do not read if under 18 years of age or offended by sexually explicit stories and situations. 

(c) 2001 Couture

***********

"Hurry Hari, I heard Mom's car pull up. Come on, arms up, so I can get you dressed." Chloe said.

'I can do it myself,' thought Harriet. However, Chloe was standing there holding the dress over Harriet's head. Just wanting to something to cover her nakedness, Harriet obeyed her cousin. 

"Go ahead and put some shoes on," Chloe said, as she slid her jeans up her legs.

Harriet fidgeted with the hem of the short summer dress. "I-I need something on underneath, Chloe." Harriet thought about the old saying of being naked underneath your clothes. She never really understood what it meant until now, but she really did feel naked, standing there in the light cotton dress.

"Don't be silly Hari. You're not gonna be able to wear anything like that in your condition." Chloe heard the front door close down stairs, then shouted, "Mom, come upstairs, Harriet's sick!"

Chloe's mother came into the room. "Hello, sweetie," she said to her daughter, then turned to look at her niece. "What is it *this* time?" she asked.

"My-my-my-" Harriet stuttered.

"Harriet's got female problems," Chloe finished. "I didn't believe it at first either, but it's true." 

"Hari, lay back on the bed, so Mom can see."

Harriet lay back on the bed, thankful for once to let her cousin take charge. This feeling was short-lived, however, when her cousin squatted over her and lifted her legs up and pressed them firmly against her chest. Harriet could see anything except the firm cheeks of Chloe's denim covered ass, but she could only imagine what she looked like in this shameful position. She tried to think of something else to keep from getting more turned on than she already was, but it was impossible.

"See Mom, it's all red and swollen. She said it was itching something awful." Chloe pulled Harriet's legs back even further. 

Chloe kept a straight face, but inside she was laughing with delight. She could only imagine what her cousin must be feeling right now with her pussy and little rosebud exposed. "Mom, is it normal for the little hole to spasm like that?"

Poor Harriet had been doing her best to clench her ass, to try to protect her remaining modesty, but found she wasn't even to be allowed this. She reluctantly relaxed ass and was sure they could see her every dirty bit.

"You haven't been doing anything you aren't supposed to have you?" her aunt asked.

"N-no," Harriet lied and prayed Chloe would keep her secret.

"You don't sound very convinced," said her aunt. "Well, get in the care and let's get you to the doctor." 

Harriet got into the backseat of the car and was surprised when Chloe sat next to her. Usually, Chloe always sat in the front seat with her mother. 

Mrs. Hotter even said something about it. "Are you riding back there Chloe?"

"I thought I would ride back here with Hari, since she isn't feeling good."

"That is so sweet honey. Isn't that nice of Chloe, Harriet?"

'Nice? I'm being taken to the emergency room and all you care about is how nice Chloe is being?' Harriet thought to herself. "Yes, auntie."

However, Harriet thought Chloe wasn't being very nice at all. The moment they pulled out of the drive, Chloe was pulling Harriet's skirt up. The small girl struggled against her cousin, until her aunt noticed.

"Sit still back there Harriet!" Her aunt demanded, looking disapprovingly from the rearview mirror.

"Mom, the poor thing must be itching half to death," Chloe said. "Hari, just close your eyes and lean back and try to think of something else."

"But-but-" Harriet sputtered, still struggling.

"No buts, you little brat, do as your sister says."

'Damn it!' thought Harriet. 'That bitch is the reason I got in trouble in the first place. Not even my sister, anyway.' She glared at Chloe with contempt.

Chloe ignored Harriet's blistering look and grinned with her victory. "You heard mom, lean back."

Harriet pulled the skirt out of Chloe's grasp and pulled it down. Reluctantly, she leaned back in the seat.

"Now close your eyes." Chloe soothed.

Harriet closed her eyes and almost immediately she felt Chloe's hand dash up her skirt. Harriet grasped Chloe's wrist and tried to pull her hand away, but her cousin had grabbed a handful of her curly pubes. Pulling on Chloe's hand meant pulling her sensitive hairs out by the root. She had been defeated, and she knew it. 

Harriet kept waiting for Chloe to do something mean and spiteful, but it seemed her cousin was still being nice for some odd reason. Now, she didn't like the fact that Chloe presumed to put a hand on her privates without regard to Harriet's thoughts or feelings. 'After all, they are *my* privates,' thought Hari.

However, the slight tugging on her pubic hair and the gentle scratching of her moist nether lips was pleasing - quite pleasing. All too soon, Harriet's body overruled her mind, and the young girl's legs were spread, as her narrow hips pumped imperceptibly. 

Chloe's mother looked back in the rear view mirror and was very pleased with the results. Her daughter lovingly patted her calm and quite niece on the head, in a matronly manner. Chloe caught her mother's reflection in the mirror and smile cheerfully. Harriet just did her best not to moan.

When Chloe's fingers were finally removed, Harriet actually mourned her loss. Eyes still closed, she unconsciously pulled up her skirt and spread her legs widely. "Please," she breathed.

"We're here, Hari," Chloe said, startling Harriet out of her sexual daze.

"Wha-where?" Harriet's head popped up and her groggy eyes blinked and then focused. Her gaze was met by the wide open stare of the older man in the ticket booth. Harriet followed his gaze to her very aroused and very uncovered sex. "Oh God!" she exclaimed, as she pulled her skirt down and clamped her legs shut. He had seen her lewd display, but not what Chloe had done to her. 'What must he think of me?' she thought, blushing furiously.

Chloe sat poker faced next to her, while her mother parked the car. Harriet wondered if the Chloe had tried to embarrass her intentionally. She had warned her after all.

When Harriet got out of car, she found her legs were weak from the teasing. 

"Easy there Hari," Chloe said, as she put an arm around the smaller girl, to steady her.

Harriet actually found herself welcoming the touch. She had always felt like an outsider. Chloe's mother Ann showed little affection except when it came to Chloe. Chloe herself had always treated Harriet as a nuisance at best and an enemy at worst.

Inside the hospital, Harriet was signed in and they had a seat. Shortly, her name was called and she was escorted to one of the small rooms.

"Mother, do you mind if I keep Harriet company?" Chloe asked.

"Not at all, *nurse Chloe*," her mother beamed. She was so proud of her daughter at times like this; yet sad she was growing up so fast.

Harriet was waiting in the examination room with dread. The nurse had insisted she strip and put on the small backless gown. She had tried to get out of it, but the nurse wouldn't have it. So Harriet stood crying, afraid to sit down on the paper covered bed, for fear of leaving a wet spot on the paper.

"Are you okay?" Chloe asked as she entered the room without knocking.

 "No. Oh God, Chloe, I-I don't know what to do.  I-I can't sit down. I-I'm . . . wet."

"It'll be okay Harriet," Chloe said, taking charge of the situation. She grabbed a swath of cotton bandage and ordered Harriet on the examination bed. 

"Thank you," Harriet said, trying to take the bandage from Chloe's hand.

Chloe snatched it back. "No," she said firmly. "Let me see."

Harriet blushed and spread her legs slightly.

"Wider."

Harriet's legs spread as wide as she could get them. Her tendons trembled from the strain and her growing arousal. Swollen lips parted exposing the pink folds of her flower. She was wet . . . very wet . . . and very embarrassed as her cousin stooped down to inspect her sex.

"Naughty - naughty," Chloe chided. She moved behind Harriet and blotted her sex with the cotton bandage. "What do you think that pretty little nurse will think when she sees this? Ewwwww, maybe she will think she is turning you on?" Chloe whispered in Harriet's ear while she pressed the cotton cloth against her swollen nubbin.

Harriet struggled to think of something else to take her mind off what was going on down below. Chloe was trying to help, but everything her cousin said, seemed to be turning her on even more. Harriet tried counting down from one hundred by threes. '100-97-94- 91-88"

"You've almost soaked the cotton you little slut. You're not going to cum are you? You know the doctor is going to touch you, don't you? God, I sure hope you don't make a spectacle out of yourself. What if you came? What if you came for the doctor? How embarrassing." Chloe continued to whisper, while Harriet's narrow hips started to roll. 

There was a gentle knocking on the door. Luckily, Chloe had the presence of mind to pull Harriet's gown down and press her cousin's legs together.

A young nurse entered the room. She walked over to Harriet and took the young girl's blood pressure. "So what seems to be the problem today?" she asked.

"I-I-I have a rash . . . down there," Harriet stuttered, nodding her head down to her sex. 

"Well, I'm sure everything will be alright. The doctor will be in, in just a second." The nurse turned to Chloe and said, "You may want to go back to the waiting room."

"She's scared of hospitals, so our mom asked me to come in here for moral support," Chloe said.

Harriet was actually thankful her cousin was going to stay, especially with the hot feeling occurring in her sex.

There was another knock on the door and the doctor walked in. She had short black hair, a white jacket, and a stethoscope around her neck. She read Harriet's chart, stuck something in her ear to look inside, and did the same in her mouth. Things quickly went downhill from there.

"I need you to take off your gown now Harriet," stated the Doctor.

Harriet slipped the gown off of her shoulders, and the nurse took it from her. 

The doctor slid the stirrups out from under the examination table. "Just lean back now Harriet, and put your legs up here."

Harriet eased back onto the paper-covered table. It was cold and chill bumps covered her body. She was glad of it; at least it gave her an excuse for her hardened nipples. She tried to keep her legs tightly closed, but when the doctor spread the stirrups, she was displayed in front of everyone.

Harriet felt the doctor's glove covered hands probing her nether tissues. The doctor was bringing her to the brink of orgasm and she didn't even know it.

"How long has it been like this?" asked the doctor.

"Ugh, I-it's been about an ah-day."

"Have you used a different soap or douche?" 

"Mm-no." Harriet could feel the doctor spreading her lower lips. The young girl was mortified, when she felt her secretions leak from her sex. She remembered Chloe's last words. What if she came? What if the doctor made her cum in front of everyone? Harriet tried to take her mind of the sensations coming from her sex, but the doctor kept drawing her back with her incessant questions.

"You're a young girl Harriet and this time of your life is full of discovery. Ah - have you by chance discovered something recently?"

"Ugh, disc- discovered what?" 

"Masturbation, Harriet." The doctor felt the young girl jerk and tense up. "It's okay. Every girl discovers it. It's a magical time of your life."

"No," Harriet moaned, trying to squirm away from the doctor's fingers. She wasn't even answering the question, she just wanted the doctor to leave her alone for a minute, because she was dangerously close to orgasm. 

"Doctor, I ah- I sort of ah- caught Harriet doing something today," Chloe said shyly.

"Really? Now, Harriet, would you care to tell me-" the doctor began.

"Ugh - no-no-no," Harriet moaned.

The doctor wasn't aware of it, but when she talked, she moved her fingers. Not usually a problem, unless your fingers happen to be on the engorged sex of a very aroused girl. "Young lady, how can I help you, when you will not cooperate?"

Though the doctor had no clue, both the nurse and Chloe saw what was about to happen. From her ragged breath, dilated eyes, and heaving flushed chest, it was obvious the geeky girl was going to cum.

"Doctor, I think maybe you shouldn't-" began the nurse, but it was too late. It was at that moment, the doctor decided to examine the swollen clitoris and one tiny touch was all it took to send the frustrated girl over the edge.

"No-no-no-oh-oh-oh-eeeeeeohhhhhh!" moaned Harriet, thrusting her narrow hips in time with contractions of pleasure within her cunt. 

"Oh dear," said the doctor and that was when all hell broke loose. The lights flickered and then a shrill alarm went off. The doctor and nurse rushed from the room in a panic, leaving the door open. 

When Harriet finally came down from her climax, she blushed with the knowledge of what she had done. 'Oh God, I just came in front of the doctor!' she thought. Then she lifted her head and caught sight of her audience leering at her from the waiting room. 'Oh God!' she thought, as she remembered she was naked and spread wide. "Eeeeeeeekkkkk! Chloe, the door!" she exclaimed.

Chloe held the doorknob. "Say please."

"Please Chloe. Oh-please-please-please-" Harriet begged. She was so grateful when Chloe closed the door.

Chloe walked back over to Harriet and peered down at her cousin. Poor Harriet never felt so helpless and naked in all her life.

"I can't believe you just did that." Chloe whispered, her face animated with delight. "That was so bad - so wicked the way you came on her fingers like that. You should have seen the look on her face."

Harriet had never seen her cousin like this. It was almost as if she was proud of what she had done. Poor Harriet couldn't find anything to be proud of. Embarrassment and total mortification was all she felt. 

"Wow, you looked like such a slut thrusting your hips and moaning oh-oh-oh-eeeeoohhh," Chloe mimicked, complete with thrusting her hips and grabbing her breasts. "Tell me, how did it feel?"

Harriet blushed and shrugged her shoulders. 'Oh God, did I really do that? Is that the way I looked?' she thought in horror.

A few minutes later, the nurse poked her head in the door and told Harriet to get dressed, and that the doctor would be back in a few minutes.

When the doctor came back in, much to Harriet's dismay, her aunt came in with her.

"Ms. Hotter, I need to talk with you briefly about your daughter."

"Niece. She's my niece." Anne corrected.

"Niece, yes. Well, growing up teens are naturally curious about their bodies and though Harriet's a little older than most, it seems she has discovered a certain part of hers . . . if you know what I mean."

Anne Hotter nodded, and blushed at the implications of what the doctor said. Her face was almost as red as poor Harriet's, who seemed suddenly extremely fascinated by the patterns in the tile floor.

"So I think it might be a good idea for you to explain things to her at home. I'm also prescribing a cream to be applied to the irritated membranes, to be applied twice a day. I think it would probably be a good idea for Harriet to refrain from ah- touching herself down there for two weeks. After that maybe she should limit herself to once a day. Okay?"

"Okay . . . thank you doctor." Anne wasn't used to this talk of sex and of things sexual. It appeared her niece was a pervert; she only prayed the whole town wouldn't find out. 'A masturbator. I wonder how much she had to masturbate to do this to herself? Well, we'll see about that won't we," Anne thought to herself as they walked out the door.

If you enjoyed this work, take a moment to email the author. Your comments are their only payment. Pursuant to the Berne Convention, this work is copyright with all rights reserved by its author unless explicitly indicated.