 Please do not read if under 18 years of age or offended by sexually explicit stories and situations. 

(c) 2002 Couture

***********

"Come on Harriet, I don't like this any more than you," stated Harriet's aunt.

"Please auntie, I can do it myself," begged Harriet. She was naked from the waist down and sitting on top of a dresser in her aunt's room. She squirmed around due to her nervousness and embarrassment. 

"You remember what the doctor said Harriet Morgan Hotter. No touching yourself for three weeks! I'm giving you your medicine and that is final." The older woman unscrewed the small jar and dipped her fingers in the white lotion.

'Oh God, why me?' thought Harriet, embarrassed beyond belief. 'Why in front of her? Oh God, and why am I getting wet?' Having no other choice, Harriet did the only thing she could - she reluctantly spread her skinny legs. She tried to think about her history lesson to keep from becoming more aroused.

Thankfully, her aunt applied the lotion quickly and professionally. Soon it was over and Harriet was allowed to put her dress back down and stand up.

However, if Harriet thought her humiliation was to be short-lived, she would find out how wrong she was. She noticed a side-effect of the lotion immediately after it was applied. Her already over-stimulated sex grew warmer - almost hot. This was probably due to the fact that Chloe had added a small amount of Bengay to the medication while no one was looking.

Harriet's hand automatically reached down to her overheated sex. 

"Stop that you little masturbator!" her aunt said, slapping away her hand. "I see that I'm going to have to keep my eye on you young lady."

"But it's hot," protested Harriet.

"And your bottom will be too, if I catch you touching your nasty parts," warned her aunt.

Harriet looked at the entrance to the room and spotted Chloe smiling and spying on her from the corner of the door. 'What is she up to,' thought Harriet.

************************

By the end of the day, Harriet's poor bottom had been warmed as well. Her aunt was always watching her, and knowing that she wasn't supposed to fidget or scratch her privates, made the desire to do so almost overwhelming. The only time she had been able to touch herself, was when she went to the bathroom. But, even then, her aunt knocked on the door and warned her no funny business.

Dinner time finally arrived and Harriet was counting down the hours until she would be in bed and alone. Well, her sleeping bag wasn't much of a bed, but it was private and it would do just fine for her purposes. She grew wet thinking about it.

Chloe looked over at Harriet and smiled a very unsisterly smile. "Mom, what are you going to do about Hari?" she asked.

"What do you mean?" said Anne.

"Well, you can't watch her all the time. What about school or when you are at work?" said Chloe.

Anne's forehead wrinkled as she tried to compress the grey matter inside. Sometimes when she did this, she managed to squeeze out an original thought, but not this time. "I guess I should tell her teachers and get her some really big mittens to keep those paws off her little nasty."

Harriet's stomach dropped at this news. She was horrified at the thought of going to school with a note about masturbating. She would be ruined.

"You know mom, I was thinking," said Chloe. "You work so hard to put food on the table and clothes on our back. I've decided that I would like to help out. You know, take on more responsibility around the house."

Harriet heart beat faster the more Chloe said.

". . .I was thinking that maybe *I* could be responsible for Hari."

"Well, Chloe, that is a very sweet offer-" Anne began.

"No-No-you can't! I'm eighteen! You can't make me!" blurted Harriet. She watched her aunt's eyes grow cold. 'Shit, I shouldn't have said that,' she thought.

But it was too late. The damage had already been done. "What?" Anne's face turned red with anger. "Are you saying no to me?"

"No," Harriet mumbled.

"There! You said it again. Chloe, I think that would be a wonderful idea. Thank you very much," Anne said, as she got up from the table.

"Uh-Mom, there's one other thing," said Chloe. "If I'm going to be responsible, I think I need to be able to punish her."

"Sure," said Harriet's aunt, as she walked from the room. "She needs it anyway for smarting off to me."

"No-No-No-" repeated Harriet, getting up to run. However, Chloe quickly grabbed her arm. Harriet twisted and turned, struggling to get free, but Chloe proved to be much stronger. She led Harriet into the kitchen by her ear.

"It's time for you to learn who's in charge around here," Chloe said, as she grabbed a wooden spoon with her free hand. Then she pulled Harriet to the kitchen floor on all fours. "Tell me when you're going to be a big girl," she said. Then she proceeded to blister Harriet's plump bottom.

"You can't ah do this! Stop it Chloe! Ugh- Auntie! Make her stop!" But, her aunt never came to her rescue. Instead, Chloe laid into her even faster with the wooden spoon. Harriet tried to resist, but soon gave into her tears.

"Please  I'll be good.  I'll be a big girl," she sobbed.

"That's my big girl," Chloe soothed. "Raise your dress up for me, so I can give you the rest on your bare bottom." 

Harriet trembled, but reached down and lifted up her dress. Chloe marveled at the red welts the wooded spoon left on the cheeks of her ass.

"Please Chloe, I can't take anymore," Harriet groaned.

Chloe placed a hand on her cousin's bottom, marveling in the warm heat radiating from it. "If you promise to apologize to mother and clean up the kitchen, I will put off your punishment until later on tonight. Okay?"

Harriet didn't want anymore at all, but better to have them later than right now, while her poor ass was throbbing. "Oka-OHHH!" she gasped, as she felt a finger dip into her moist sex.

"Naughty girl," Chloe whispered. "What would mom think about that?"

Harriet blushed in response. She couldn't believe her body's betrayal, but the proof was unmistakable. And now Chloe knew . . . knew that she was turned on.

She quickly got off the floor and lowered her dress, when Chloe let her up. As she left the room, Chloe asked, "and where do you think you're going?"

"I-I-I'm going to apologize - and then - and then clean up," Harriet stammered.

"Aren't you forgetting something?"

"Ah-ah-I don't know, Chloe."

"Say, thank you Chloe for showing me the error of my ways," Chloe said.

Harriet couldn't believe the audacity of her cousin. First, she punished her and now she wanted to be thanked. 'Well, screw her,' she thought, but then Chloe patted the spoon against her hand in warning.

"Thank you Chloe for showing me the error of my ways." Harriet repeated in a monotone voice.

"You're welcome Hari," Chloe said, as she walked toward Harriet. 

Harriet shrunk away in fear, but Chloe put her arms around her and gave her a hug, which totally caught Harriet off guard.

"Are you okay? You know I only did that for your own good, don't you?" Chloe asked.

What could Harriet say? The only thing that came to mind was, "Yes,"

"Good. If you do like you should for the rest of the night, then I'll only give you half as many," Chloe said.

For the life of her, she couldn't remember Chloe saying how many she was going to get, but half as many was surely better than the alternative. 

"Okay," Harriet said, before hurrying off.

Chloe watched her cousin leave, then her eyes closed. Her right had traveled down and stroked the crotch of her tight blue jeans.

***********************

Later that night, Chloe was lying on her bed watching TV. Out of the corner of her eye, she saw Harriet pass down the hall armed with cleaning supplies for the bathroom. The poor little thing was hoping to get out of her punishment tonight, but was only succeeding in showing her Aunt how well she was behaving now that Chloe was in charge. 

Chloe giggled at the thought. "Harriet," she said.

Harriet peeked in the door looking very meek. "Yes, Chloe," she said.

"You've done a very good job tonight. Go ahead and get cleaned up for bed, then come back here with a towel, so we can resolve our unfinished business." Chloe listened to the sound of her cousin's feet padding off to the bathroom. "-and don't close the door either."

Harriet went to the bathroom to prepare for bed. She shivered inside as she thought about her coming punishment. 'Why is this happening to me? It isn't fair. And why is it making me so hot?' she thought, while she urinated. 

She cleaned her very sensitive flesh with toilet tissue. She touched her tiny nubbin and gasped, then blushed as she looked down the hall, praying that Chloe didn't hear.

"You better not keep me waiting," Chloe yelled from her room.

Harriet rushed out of the bathroom, but then remembered the towel, and had to return to get it. When she finally arrived, Chloe was sitting at her vanity waiting impatiently. 

"About time. Close the door behind you and then fold the towel and place it over my lap."

Harriet did as Chloe commanded, wondering what lay in store.

"Now open the top right drawer and place everything on top of the vanity."

Harriet opened the drawer and trembled with horror at the contents. Inside were a brush, a belt, the spoon, a small switch, and a bottle of lotion. With shaking hands she removed each item and placed them on the vanity.

"Now strip and lay over my lap."

Harriet hesitated; her eyes growing damp with tears.

"Please . . ." she begged.

"You're begging for the whole set aren't you?"

The tears had begun to fall. "No," Harriet said, taking off her t-shirt and cotton shorts.

"No, ma-am," corrected Chloe.

 "No, ma-am," Harriet said, as she resigned herself to her fate and lay across Chloe's lap.

"Your bottom is still looking a little blistered," Chloe said, as she stroked her hand over her cousin's firm cheeks. "How about we finish you up with my hand?"

"Y-yes, ma-am," Harriet stuttered, thankful to avoid the alternative.

Chloe placed her hand in front of Harriet's face. "Give it a kiss first, little Hari,"

'The bitch! She can't expect me to-" Harriet thought.

"Why don't you hand me the spoon, Hari?" said Chloe.

Harriet immediately kissed the proffered hand. 

"Good girl. Now, if you make to much noise or fall off, we're going to have to start over. I think fifteen licks should be enough for you." 

Then the licks began to land. Harriet took the first ten very bravely, but the last five were another story. Her legs began to kick of their own volition and she almost cried out for Chloe to stop, but she had been able to hold it in, so thankfully, her spanking was finished. She reached back to rub the hurt out of her aching bottom, but Chloe grabbed her hand.

"No, Harriet. I'm not finished," Chloe said. She reached for the lotion and squirted the very cold liquid on Harriet's burning cheeks. She began to gently rub it in, soothing the tender flesh. "There, is that better, my brave little Hari?" she asked.

"mmmmm . . . yes," Harriet breathed. The fingers felt wonderful on her intimate parts. She wished Chloe would reach down a bit further; she needed it so bad.

"Okay, let's give you your medicine and get you to bed," Chloe said, playfully tickling Harriet's side. "Lay down on the bed for me Hari-girl." Chloe fetched the bottle of medicine, while Harriet lay down on the bed, taking particular care not to put too much pressure on her sore bottom.

"Get those legs up so I can sit down," Chloe said, as she dipped her finger in the bottle. "That's my girl. Hold them back . . .further now." 

Finally, Harriet had her legs pulled back so far, she could easily see the wet swollen lips of her very aroused and wet sex. She blushed in humiliation.

It was not unnoticed by Chloe. "Naughty girl," she scolded, smiling slyly and causing Harriet to become embarrassed and close her legs. "Did I say to close them?"

"No," Harriet murmured. She held her legs open again.

"No, ma-am," Chloe corrected. Then she began to rub the medicine into the petals of Harriet's aroused sex.

"Uh-no-ma-am," Harriet moaned.

"Shhhhh," Chloe cautioned, rubbing her cousin until the lean girl's hips began to flex. Then, when she had the curly-haired girl worked up, she pulled her fingers away at the last moment.

Harriet looked up into Chloe's flushed face. "Please," she begged.

"Please what?"

"Please ma-am, I'm so close."

"The doctor said three weeks Hari. C'mon, let's get to bed."

Harriet's legs opened widely and her back arched in need. Summoning all her will, she closed her legs and got off the bed to go sleep in the closed in her sleeping bag.

"Where are you going?" asked Chloe, pulling a lock of her blonde hair behind her ear.

"I'm going to bed," Harriet said.

"You're sleeping with me now . . ." Chloe got under the covers and held them open for her cousin. "-so I can keep my eye on you," she added.

Harriet climbed into bed and Chloe spooned up to her naked back. For just once Harriet wished she were back in her bag, where she would be free to touch herself. Unfortunately for her, Chloe's fingers were almost touching her sex. As a matter of fact, she was touching her, running her fingers through her small patch of fur. 

"Hari?" Chloe asked.

"Yes," Harriet whispered.

"Do you remember the naughty thing you did in the shower today?"

"Ah-yes, Chloe," Harriet said. Her body trembled with her need.

Chloe pressed even tighter against her cousin and traced her fingers over her naked flesh.

"Would you do it again? You know . . . the *nasty* thing."

Harriet's body burned with desire as she remembered looking up past her cousin's perfect thighs. 'The nasty thing, oh God, she wants me to do the nasty thing!' Harriet thought, very scared of the feelings that awoke in her body. 

Silently, she turned around and slid down until she smelled the aroma of musk and the comforting presence of Chloe's thighs. She lightly kissed the hot flesh in between. 

"Ugh," Chloe groaned, pulling her cousin tighter. 

Hari's tongue dove into the delicate petals of Chloe's sex. 'She does taste wonderful,' she thought, lapping at the sweet nectar and moaning with her need.

"Shhhh-baby, ah God," Chloe cautioned. "We can't let mother hear."

There wasn't another sound except for the slight squeaking of bed springs until Chloe grunted into her pillow.

Afterwards, Harriet hugged Chloe tightly, grinding against her leg.

"C'mon baby, you can't. It's only for three weeks," Chloe promised, spooning against her cousin again.

'Only three weeks?' thought Harriet. 'Three weeks is a fucking eternity." Shortly, she heard Chloe's light snoring in her ear. She tried to ignore the need burning in her sex and snuggled back her cousin's warm body.

To be continued . . .

If you enjoyed this work, take a moment to email the author. Your comments are their only payment. Pursuant to the Berne Convention, this work is copyright with all rights reserved by its author unless explicitly indicated.