 Please do not read if under 18 years of age or offended by sexually explicit stories and situations. 

(c) 2002 Couture

***********

Harriet woke up and rubbed the sleep out of her eyes. 'Why didn't Chloe wake me?' she wondered, as she stretched in the bed. It had been two weeks since Chloe had allowed Harriet to sleep in the bed with her and every morning Chloe would push Harriet's head beneath the blanket. "Kiss me good morning," she said as if it were the most natural thing in the world. 

But when Chloe said kiss, what she really meant was lick me - lick me until I cum. This wasn't so bad really, because for the first time, Harriet felt loved. She had almost gotten used to the aching need in her sex. 'Only another week,' she thought, as she pulled her hand away from her sex. It had taken seven spankings, even once with the brush, but Harriet found out Chloe meant business when she said to wait three weeks before masturbating.

Harriet got up and slipped on a nightie and picked out an outfit to wear. They were both second hand, but Chloe had said she could wear them. The thing about it was, usually Chloe used give Harriet her ugliest castoffs to wear. However, lately, the things she had given her were nice. 

Harriet went to take a shower. She was disappointed she hadn't seen Chloe. She had hoped that since they were getting along, her cousin would remember her birthday. 'She probably doesn't even know what day it is . . . no one ever remembers my birthday here,' Harriet thought. She wondered what it would be like if her parents were still alive. She was thankful the shower washed her tears away.

She cut the water off and began to lather her legs. At one time, she would have stopped there, but now she was required to go much higher. She ran the rich lather over her sex, closed her eyes momentarily, and then forced the hand away for fear of punishment. Chloe said it was necessary that the hair wouldn't allow her to apply the medicine properly. To Harriet it seemed it just made it more sensitive and served as a constant reminder of the need in her cunt.

After she was finished in the shower, Harriet dried off and then began brushing her teeth. Then she heard a dreaded sound. 

"Har-ee-et! Get in here right now!" Chloe screamed. 

'Shit, Chloe's pissed. This is not good. Not good at all," Harriet thought, as she put down her toothbrush and spit the toothpaste out of her mouth, not even bothering to rinse it out. 

Harriet was running by the time she reached Chloe's bedroom door, her pert ass flashing from the bottom of the towel, which was threatening to come undone. She opened the door and entered to see what kind of trouble she had gotten into with Chloe. 

Chloe sat holding the skirt Harriet had worn yesterday and she looked very angry. "You little bitch! You have no respect for my privacy at all, do you? And what did I tell you about knocking, when the door is closed?" Chloe demanded.

Harriet looked down at her feet and stuttered, "Y-you said t-to always knock first be-before entering ma- am."

"Well . . . go back and do it right," Chloe said, snatching off the towel covering of Harriet's body. Here, give me that before you go. I have something on my shoe." 

Harriet turned swiftly and left the room, closing the door quietly behind her, covering her nakedness with her hands as best she could. Shivering from the cold, her nipples hardened causing Harriet additional embarrassment as she knocked lightly on the door. "Ma'am, can I please come in?" she asked. 

"Yes, you may," Chloe said. 

When Harriet opened the door she saw that her cousin was sitting at the vanity with a towel over her lap. This did not bode very well for her bottom. 'It's my birthday . . . I hope I don't get punished on my birthday,' Harriet thought to herself, her eyes brimming with tears.

"You know what to do, Hari." 

Harriet walked over to Chloe and opened the vanity drawer. She laid out the paddling instruments contained within on top of the vanity. Then, she assumed her position on top of Chloe's lap.

Chloe caressed Harriet's chill-bump covered bottom. "Hmmmm, which one-which one should I choose. Maybe the switch, hmmm Hari? How about we leave it in the hands of fate? Is that okay?" 

"Fate ma'am," Harriet replied, choking back her tears.

"Eenie-meanie-minie-moe-catch a rabbit by it's toe and this is . . ."

'Oh God," Harriet thought with dread. It was the switch! 

However, instead of picking the switch, Chloe opened the second drawer and pulled out something Harriet had never seen before. She gasped with shock. It was a dildo.

Chloe burst out laughing. "Silly goose, I wouldn't punish you on your birthday. Ha-ha, you should have seen the look on your face. I thought you were going to get all mushy on me."

Harriet's heart no longer felt empty. Chloe had remembered her birthday! But her heart raced from her nervousness. She rubbed her hand along Chloe's bare thigh. "C-Chloe, what are you going to do with that thing?" she asked.

Chloe gently ran the head of the phallus up and down the bare lips of Harriet's sex. "Well, I was thinking that since it was your birthday -ah- that maybe we could make an exception about what the doctor said. Two weeks - three weeks - what the big diff huh?"

"But-but," Harriet stuttered. She had never done anything like that and she was afraid. She was also very horny.

Chloe hand shook. She removed the dildo from the entrance of Harriet's sex. "Of course," she said. "You don't have to if you don't want to."

"No," Harriet said, parting her thighs. "I want to . . .it's just that . . .I'm scared."

"Don't be. You'll enjoy this," Chloe said, as she rubbed the head of the phallus up and down her cousin's slit. "I promise."

Just as Harriet's hips started to rock, Chloe removed the dildo from her sex and placed the head in front of Harriet's mouth. "Give it a kiss-kiss," said Chloe.

Harriet's eyes appeared to cross within her taped glasses, as she stared at her wet secretions at the tip of the cock. It felt weird and humiliating, but it was what Chloe wanted, so she puckered up her lips. However, instead of just giving it a peck, Chloe pressed it in and gave Harriet a mouthful of plastic cock. The poor girl inhaled through her nose and was accosted by the odor of well-fucked cunt. 

It was at this time Chloe chose to say, "Can you believe I found this in Mom's room? Don't worry, she would never use anything like this. She's too damn uptight. Probably, scared that someone would find it if she threw it away."

Poor Harriet almost gagged when she heard Chloe's words. If she wasn't so turned on, she would have been furious at Chloe's insensitivity.

"Now, let's see if we can get the birthday girl warmed up with a little birthday spanking," Chloe said. After twenty licks or so, Chloe took a break and ran a finger along Harriet's dripping sex. 

"Naughty little girl, you like this don't you? Are you ready for your present?" Chloe teased.

Harriet nodded her head, the dildo bobbing up and down in front of her mouth. 

Chloe spanked Harriet's bottom again, until her cousin's plump cheeks turned a rosy pink. This time Harriet's hips arched to catch each blow, while her cheeks sunk in as she sucked on the plastic phallus.

The spanking stopped and Chloe pumped the dildo in Harriet's mouth a few times before removing it. "Do you want it? Do you want me to fuck your nasty hole with it?" she cooed.

"Yes -Oh god yes-" moaned Harriet, arching her back.

Chloe teased the lips of Harriet's sex with the dildo. "Tell me Hari. Tell me what you want."

"Please - fuck me please," Harriet moaned. "Oh God, please fuck me Chloe."

"Fuck you where?" Chloe teased.

"My pussy. Fuck my pussy."

"Spread those pretty legs for me, Hari," Chloe said.

Harriet's legs flailed around as she tried to find purchase, but since she was laying face down on Chloe's lap this proved difficult. So, she grabbed the legs of the chair with her hands for support and brought her ankles together and up towards her petite ass.

"I'm afraid I don't see a pussy Hari. All I see is a horny little virgin cunt. Is that what you want fucked?"

"Please ma'am, fuck it. Fuck my cunt," begged Harriet. 

Harriet might not have picked up on it, but Chloe certainly did. Harriet called her ma'am in the heat of sex. The thought of her cousin begging on her lap and calling her ma'am sent a ripple of pleasure through her sex.

Chloe eased the dildo in the tight opening. 

"I love it when you call me ma'am. Say it again."

"Maaa-aaahmmm. . ." Harriet breathed.

"Mmmmm, sounds like honey. Again."

"Ah-please-ma'am-ah-ah," Harriet moaned, as her hymen was painfully stretched.

"Shhhh, don't worry baby, I'm going to be gentle. I want your first time to be special, but it's still going to hurt a bit."

Chloe gently worked the head of the phallus in and out the opening of Harriet's sex, just enough to make Harriet yearn for more.

"Are you sure you want it? You're still a virgie, so pretty and innocent. After this you're gonna be my bad little girl . . . my wicked little slut. Are you sure you want Miss Chloe to fuck it?"

"Oh God yes, please fuck it. Fuck my nasty little cunt, ma-am."

Chloe reached down and pried Harriet's right hand off the chair leg and placed it on the wrist of the hand holding the dildo. "I don't want you to come back later and say I did something you didn't want. You do it, if you want it so much. Grab my wrist and fuck yourself with it."

Harriet jerked Chloe's wrist toward her cunt with a groan, almost catching her cousin by surprise. Chloe barely had time to stop Harriet from impaling herself in one fell stroke. 

"No," she ordered. "Do it slow. *I* want to savor it."

This time Harriet slowly pulled on Chloe's wrist. She felt the head of the cock part her nether lips and stop at her hymen. 

"Talk to me Hari. Tell me how it feels. Let me feel it with you," Chloe said.

"It feels big. Ugh - it's hitting something inside me now. It feels like ah-I'll tear something if I push it further."

"That's it baby. That's your virginity -- your little hymen."

Harriet moaned as she pulled on Chloe's wrist. "Ah- ah, it's hurting. Ow-ow-ow-fuck, there it goes. Oh- oh-it still hurts!" Harriet cried, losing control of her legs momentarily and cutting off Chloe's view.

"Stop for a minute Hari. I want to see." Chloe guided Harriet's right leg up to the vanity top, knocking various bottles of fingernail polish to the floor. Then she lowered her head between Harriet's legs and waited. Then she saw it . . . a tiny drop of red that swelled. Then it became a trickle. 

"I see it Harriet. I can see your virginity. Get on the bed, so I can get a better look." Chloe removed the dildo from Harriet's cunt, much to the poor girl's disappointment. Then she led her to the bed.

"Open your legs wide for me," Chloe said. 

Harriet couldn't believe it and though it humiliated her to do so, she bared herself to Chloe as she had done for no other. 

"Open it up for me," Chloe said, reaching into the drawer of the vanity. "Show me your virginity."

Harriet spread her nether lips wide; she could see the evidence of her lost virginity on her denuded sex.

Flash! Chloe snapped a picture of her debauched cousin. "I want to remember this forever." Chloe got in close, just inches from Harriet's sex, snapping more pictures, immortalizing the event. Strangely, Harriet was thrilled instead of mortified by the prospect. 

Chloe's head dipped lower. Harriet gasped as she felt her cousin's tongue. "Chloe, no, it's bleeding," she protested weakly.

"I know. I want to taste it. I want to taste your virginity," she said, before resuming.

Harriet gasped with pleasure. She had never known it could feel like this. She regretted waiting so long. However, as the bursts of pleasure began to fill her cunt the tongue was suddenly gone. Harriet opened her eyes to see Chloe gazing into her own. Her mouth was wet and there were a few slivers of red visible on her lips.

"I don't have mine anymore, so this may be your only chance. Do you want to taste it?" Chloe asked. 

Harriet's lips parted and Chloe's mouth lowered. Her tongue sought Chloe's perfect lips and she sampled her own flavor and the slightly metallic taste of her virginity. Then their mouths met, and Harriet received her first romantic kiss. It was wonderful and she was instantly in love. 

Harriet never felt so whole in all her life. However, the strange peculiar feelings of uncertainty soon returned when Chloe wanted more pictures. Pictures of Harriet holding the dildo that displayed the evidence of her deflowering. Other pictures of her spreading and showing herself in the most lurid poses she could imagine. Harriet shuddered at the thought of anyone seeing her in such a manner.

Finally, when Chloe was satisfied with the pictures she had, she pulled her panties down and stepped out of them. Then, she straddled Harriet's head. "Do the nasty thing," she whispered, as she lowered herself on her cousin's waiting lips.

This was Chloe's favorite position. Nothing was better than being astride her prone cousin. This time was different though. This time she lowered her mouth to Harriet's aroused sex and kissed the little nubbin. She felt her cousin's moans vibrating against her sex. Chloe's cunt spasmed in pleasure, as an orgasm began to blossom in her sex. 

Chloe lifted up, capturing Harriet's head firmly between her ankles and humped her face as she came. Her attention fell to the dildo lying discarded on the bed. She picked it up and forced the plastic cock deep in her cousin's sex. "Cum for me you dirty slut. Cum for me." Then, she dived down and attacked Harriet's clit with abandon. 

Chloe held on tight, as Harriet began to orgasm. She hugged her cousin tightly to avoid being thrown off the wildly bucking girl. 

It was then that the ground began to tremble and pictures fell off the wall. 

'What the fuck?' Chloe thought. 'We don't have earthquakes here!" Her mind let this thought go, as her body shook from the effects of another orgasm.

To be continued. . .

*********************

If you enjoyed this work, take a moment to email the author. Your comments are their only payment. Pursuant to the Berne Convention, this work is copyright with all rights reserved by its author unless explicitly indicated.