 (Ff, humil, etc.)

Please do not read if under 18 years of age or offended by sexually explicit stories and situations. 

(c) 2002 Couture

***********

Harriet felt something touching her sex, while she slept. She opened her eyes to see a familiar looking tuft of blond hair and a very aroused cunt. She could recognize that body anywhere. It was Chloe's. 

"Do the nasty . . ." Chloe whispered.

"Chloe, wait." Harriet pushed her cousin's hips to keep them from descending. "I need to see your face."

"You've gone off to school and forgotten what you're supposed to call me already."

"I'm sorry Mistress. Please, I need to see your face."

"Kiss me first. I've missed you. I've missed your tongue."

Harriet inhaled her cousin's musky aroma and kissed her sex lovingly. Her tongue slid out and sought out her cousin's sweet essence. Chloe lifted up slightly and tilted her hips.

"Now the other mouth, my nasty girl."

'Oh God, I'm losing control,' Harriet thought. She traced her tongue along her cousin's pucker, teasing her. Then she parted her lips and pushed it home, causing Chloe to gasp.

Chloe lifted up again. "Sweet little kisses all over," she said, and Harriet obliged.

"Do you love me, Harriet?"

"Uh-hum," Harriet said between kisses.

"And you wouldn't cheat on me would you?"

"Nu-never, Mistress."

Chloe lifted up and turned around. "Then kiss me lover," she said.

Harriet parted her lips and accepted Chloe's probing tongue. Chloe shook her by her shoulders. "You're going to be late for class, whore."

"What?" Harriet felt a stab of pleasure. She opened her sleepy eyes, not to be greeted by her lover. But, instead the leering eyes of her horrible roommate.

"I said you're going to be late for class, whore."

Harriet felt a stab of pleasure deep in her cunt. "Ah," she gasped, spreading her legs involuntarily. She felt chill bumps from the cold of the morning and realized she was naked. Her legs snapped together, while her hands sought to preserve her modesty. She jumped out of bed and opened her lingerie drawer.

It was empty.

"Where are my things?"

"Whores don't cover their cunts."

Harriet doubled over as she was overwhelmed by pleasure, upon hearing the word cunt. She needed to orgasm - desperately. She could feel her juices cooling as they dried on her thighs. Harriet couldn't help herself; her fingers found her aching sex, regardless of Heather's presence.

"Stop it you little finger fucker," Heather said, pulling Harriet hands away from her crotch and above her head. "Hold them right there now."

Harriet obeyed, while Heather slid the robe over her arms and down her body. Heather walked around and smirked at seeing Harriet's hard nipples standing at attention.

She gave them a playful thump. "Your headlights are shining, but that should be pretty common for a slut like you."

Harriet looked down at her nipples in dismay. "Please Mistress, I need a bra."

Heather smiled a big crocodile grin. "Mistress huh? Yes, I think I like the sound of that. Say it again."

Harriet bit her tongue. It just slipped out and it was a word that was reserved for Chloe, not this stuck up bitch. She refused to answer. Instead, she glared in hatred at Heather.

"Stubborn, huh?" Heather leaned in close to Harriet ear and whispered. "Slut . . ."

"Whore . . ."

"Bitch . . ."

"Cunt . . ."

Every foul invective sent Harriet closer to the edge of orgasm, yet stopped just short of culmination. It was torture by pleasure.

"Ah," Harriet gasped, surrendering to the horrible girl. "Mistress--"

It was obvious that Harriet was turned on. However, Heather found herself getting aroused as well. She couldn't help but wonder what was happening to her. She was the normal one, while Harriet was the freak. 

She handed Harriet her book bag. "Go on, get out of here," she said, suddenly angry and eager for Harriet to leave.

Harriet was just as eager to be away from her roommate. She took the bag and ran to class. ******************************

Harriet walked into class. She was late and it felt like every eye followed her and her jiggling breasts until she sat down. 

Thankfully, it was her Unlearning class. It was the only class where she was able to keep up with the other girls even though she had no magical ability. The only ability she needed for this class was the ability to think outside the box; to think of things in a newer and more magical way. 

**********************

"You see class," lectured Madam Morganna. "Things can exist in many different forms. Even the Mundane world is aware of this. For instance, they believe that atoms are both a wave and a particle. While it can be both, it can only behave according to one version of the reality. In other words, it can't be *both* a wave and a particle at the same time. Nor can it be either of these and behave as its magical equivalent of earth, binding, and life."

"Today class, we are going to talk - not about the world that most people know, but the magical world. Morganna pointed her pointer at the chalkboard and piece of chalk drew a map of the world on the board. Only this world looked slightly different than the world Harriet was familiar with. This world had an extra continent smack dab in the middle of the Atlantic.

Harriet raised her hand. "Madame Morganna, something is wrong with that map. There's no such place." 

There were snickers of laughter around the room. Harriet wished she had kept her big mouth shut. 

"Quiet class. Harriet here doesn't have magical parents and doesn't know about Avalon." She handed Harriet a piece of paper with the map drawn on it.

"Tell me Harriet, if you wanted to hide the land that you've never seen on the world, what would you do?"

Harriet looked closely at the map. She had no idea what to do. There was nothing to do; it just wasn't supposed to be there.

There was more snickering. Someone behind her whispered, "Mud bitch."

Again she was hit by a throb of pleasure in her sex, at the filthy words that were uttered. "Ugh," Harriet gasped, bucking her hips, and crumpling the map between her hands in the process.

"Very good Harriet. Yes, you would just fold the map to hide Avalon. This is very much what was done thousands of years ago." Madame Hilda took the map from Harriet and held it up to the class. "Well, it looks like you hid California and Japan as well as Avalon, but the result is the same." She folded the map more carefully, until only Avalon was hid. 

"Why was this necessary? Well around the time of Adam and Eve a very important event happened. Back then, humans lived together with the magical world according to God's plan. I'm not going to pretend it was a Garden of Eden, but it was a stable world - a world that evolved naturally over millions of years."

Madame Hilda motioned at the chalkboard and a scene began to unfold on the chalkboard.

"It was then that a man named Adam was born. Adam had the very bright idea that instead of eating the fruits and plants that grew in the forest, he would help along the process a bit, and plant his own. 

He planted his own garden. He discovered that the trees growing nearby were shading his garden. He cut them down and made a house for his family. Then, there were weeds to be pulled and animals to kill in order to protect his garden. In the bible it says that it was Eve who at from the tree of knowledge. Well, it was Adam who fed it to her. So I guess it would be accurate to say that Eve was seduced by the snake - Adam's snake to be exact."

There were a few giggles and blushing faces in the class at the implications of Hilda's lesson. 

"Later on, it was discovered what Adam and Eve had done and word was passed to the Elders of nearby clans. They assembled a council of both humans and other magical creatures then went to visit Adam and Eve. They saw what Adam had done and told him to pull up his garden and cease doing this new thing for it was not the knowledge of man to decide what lives and what dies. That knowledge belonged to the gods.

Adam said, look, my family is well fed. Everyone should do this new thing and no one will be hungry or want for anything. 

The council was unfazed. If this new thing is such a good thing, then why do not the bees do it? Why do not the birds do it? Everyone knows the wisdom of the Centaurs and they do not do it. We do not think this new thing is a good thing. Will you not stop?

Adam's family had grown quite large and fat from his garden and Eve was even ripe with a new child. Would the god's promise his family would be okay? If they would not, then he would continue to grow his garden.

The council decided to not to kill Adam and Eve, but to exile them. It was a big land and only one small family. They took tore up the garden, and stripped the family of all their clothing and possessions. 

The council passed down the knowledge of what happened to Adam and Eve who ate from the tree of knowledge as a lesson to others who may get the idea. They had no way of knowing that their decision not to kill Adam and Eve would come back to haunt them. For Adam and Eve's decedents would multiply and come to own much of the world -- maybe even destroy it."

Madame Hilda waved her wand and the scene on the blackboard faded.

"We'll go over how the first modern witch has attempted to save the world at our next class. Have a good day girls."

**************************

While Harriet was having difficulties, Heather was enjoying one of the best days at Frogwart's ever. Not only had she made the desk float perfectly, but everything else she had attempted magically went off without a hitch. Maybe it was getting a good nights rest or maybe it was the fact that she had performed an extremely difficult spell on her roommate. Whatever, it was, she was just glad that it happened. She was sure to get a robe at the next Robing ceremony - hopefully a white one.

After class, instead of going to Macrosse practice, she headed up to her room for a little magical practice. She opened her spell book and turned several chapters ahead to work on a new spell. She placed a pillow on the wall and performed a series of motions and pointed her wand. "Affix," she commanded. However when she let it go, it dropped to the floor.

She was practicing this spell when Harriet walked in.

"Affix." This time when Heather removed her hand the pillow remained on the wall.

"You didn't show up for Macrosse practice today, Heather."

"Can't you see I was bus-wait what did you call me?"

Harriet blushed and murmured, "Heather."

"What was that *slut*, I didn't hear you?" The word slut slid off of Heather's tongue like a snake. It was insidious - alive - and commanding. It possessed Harriet's cunt like a searching tongue.

Harriet struggled to resist the effects, but it was useless. 

"Whore," Heather breathed.

"Ah-Mis-Mistress."

Heather's eyes lit up at the sight of her roommate's arousal, but she was growing increasingly disturbed. She found herself unable to stop the domination of the mud witch. She never imagined she could get aroused so much by another girl. She couldn't bear the thought of being a lesbian. She came up with a quick solution.

"Kneel down, slut."

Harriet dropped down to her knees, while Heather rummaged through a drawer. When she came back, it was with a pair of scissors.

"You know what I think the problem it Mud-Witch? I'm in the prime of my life and it isn't natural for me to be stuck in with a school full of girls. So maybe what I need . . . is to have my own little boy-a boy toy." 

With that, Heather began to cut Harriet's long curly hair.

Harriet watched in horror as large hunks of her curly black hair fell to the floor. Heather kept snipping, all the while commenting as she worked. "Oh yes, you are going to make a very pretty boy. My very own gigolo. My pretty little boy whore."

Soon Harriet possessed a short page boy cut - a curly mop that Heather tousled when she was finished. Next she picked up Harriet's magic wand, running her fingers over the gnarled surface. 

"It's about time you got some use of this thing and we both know what it's for, don't we?"

Heather placed the bulbous head of the wand to Harriet's lips. Harriet instinctively parted her lips, sucking on it.

"Yes, you know too, don't you slut? You're nothing but a huge joke at school, and your wand is the punch line." Heather removed the wand from Harriet's mouth and lifted the hem of her short gray skirt. She saw Harriet's panties and her gaze turned cold.

"What did I say about panties bitch?" Heather roughly jerked the thin white garment down to Harriet's feet, and spanked the brunette's ass for good measure. 

"Y-you said that-t-that . . ." Harriet paused at the word. She knew its effect on her sex.

Heather smacked her ass again to encourage her.

"whore's-oh-god," Harriet felt her pussy contract at her own words, her wet secretions running down her thighs. "don't cover their c-c-cunts-ahhhh."

"That's right." Heather took Harriet's phallic-shaped wand and placed it base first against her roommate's sex. "Since you can't seem to get any use out of this thing, maybe I can." 

"Affix," she murmured, tracing a design in the air. When she removed her hand, the wand remained attached and outthrust obscenely from Harriet's crotch. She rubbed her hand up and down the shaft in appreciation. "Oh yes - very nice," she sighed. She got up and led Harriet to the bed by her phallus. 

Heather raised her arms in the air. "Take off my gown, Hari."

Harriet grabbed the hem of the gown with trembling fingers, lifting it slowly, she exposed inch after inch of Heather's pale white skin.

"Now fold it up for me."

While Harriet folded the gown, Heather crawled up on the bed with feline grace. She circled once, and then lay down on her back, spreading her plump thighs.

"It's time for your first trick, whore. You better get it right the first time."

Harriet climbed between Heather's thighs and lined up the head of the phallus with the opening of Heather's cunt.

"Stop!" Heather commanded. "Typical male. A girl needs foreplay, dummy. Kiss me, caress me, tell me I'm beautiful."

'What is happening to me?' Harriet thought, as she kissed her roommate with light fluttery kisses, trailing her neck, down to her high-set breasts, before finally suckling on hardened nipples. "You're beautiful Mistress Heather." 

"Use a deeper voice. Beg me for it."

Harriet deepened her voice as best she could. "Please Heather, I want you. Let me have you. Let me have your. . ." Harriet groaned out the word "pussy". It seemed she couldn't go for a minute without hearing a word that sent her spiraling toward an orgasm that dissipated. She traveled down and tongued the girl's naval. She could smell her roommate's arousal.

Heather grabbed her hair and pulled her up before she reached her sex. "Fuck me now. Fuck my pussy."

Harriet placed the head of her phallus between the plump wet lips of her roommate's matted sex and flexed her hips.

"Ahhh-" Heather gasped. "Gentle-please be gentle. You're the first . . . boy." 

Harriet took Heather gently at first. Soon the blond- haired girl's legs were wrapped firmly around Harriet's back, driving her forward. "That's it whore. Fuck that pussy. Fuck it good. Oh yes, whose whore are you?"

Harriet silently prayed Heather would stop saying those filthy words -- words that tormented her with pleasure. "Yours . . .your whore."

'I'm sorry Chloe,' Harriet thought as she surrendered to her roommate. 

"Tell me again, and call me Mistress."

"I'm your whore, Mistress."

"Say it again -- keep saying it until I cum bitch." 

Harriet repeated it endlessly as she thrust her hips into Heather. Heather spanked her ass, providing extra encouragement when Harriet slowed. 

"That's it-that's it-oh god cumming!" Heather cried, hugging Harriet tightly.

Harriet kept driving into the blonde, seeking her own orgasm. It never came. 

Instead, Heather grew tired and pushed Harriet off. "Ugh-get off."

Harriet rolled over and Heather promptly fell to sleep. 

'What a spoiled bitch,' Harriet thought, squeezing her thighs together in an attempt to relieve her need. She reached down and gave an experimental tug at the wand sticking out obscenely form her cunt, but it was thoroughly attached. She groaned and tried to masturbate, but she still couldn't cum or remember Chloe's face.

'God, this is even worse than when I had to wait for two weeks to cum. This time I don't even know if I'll ever be able to cum again.' Harriet broke down in tears, her sobs echoed with Heather's light snores on the rock walls of the castle. For the second night in a row, Harriet cried herself to sleep.

To be continued . . . 

If you enjoyed this work, take a moment to email the author. Your comments are their only payment. Pursuant to the Berne Convention, this work is copyright with all rights reserved by its author unless explicitly indicated.