 This story is the sequel to Heart Repaired ... Or Is It? If you have not read that story, I advise you to do so or you may not understand the events within this story. If you like what you read, feel free to send me feedback and/or leave comments. I do take the time to read what you guys have to say. As always, good reading to all of you.

S.J. 

~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~

Emily

The last few weeks have been great. The restaurant has picked up more business since the new additions to the menu and my mate back home is thrilled. Spencer and I are still together, although between my working and her class schedule, we don't see each other as much as either of us would like. I know that we'll be fine. In fact, it being Friday means that I'll get to see her in a couple hours. Tash and the girls are heading over to Secret and I promised Spence next time, we'd join. I glanced at the clock and saw that the few hours I'd sworn I had was more like an hour. I laughed at myself for getting so wrapped up in the business that I let the time get away from me.

Grabbing my jacket off the back of my chair, I headed out. Stopping by the hostess stand to talk to Stacy, she smiled as she saw me.

"Hey, boss. I thought I was gonna have to go and drag you out." She said as I came to stand beside her.

I laughed and said, "No. I just let the time get away from me. You know how I can get."

"Yeah, I know, boss. I have everything covered though. Go find your girl and have a great night. I'll have the books squared away for you in the morning."

"Thanks, Stacy. I plan on doing just that. Don't stay open if we thin out tonight. Go give that husband of yours a nice night."

I winked at her and I smiled at the customers coming in as she just laughed. Making it to my car, I drove towards Spencer's apartment. Pulling up, I saw her moving around her room from the sidewalk and laughed. The woman took forever to get ready. Making it upstairs, I knocked on the door. Just as I suspected, Spencer answered the door in her robe and after a quick kiss, she turned and headed back to her room.

Following behind her, I saw most of her wardrobe on her surface of the room except for the ceiling. She was deep in her closet again, and I walked behind her to circle her waist with my arms. She sighed and leaned back into me. I began to kiss the side of her neck. She turned her to give me better access and moaned as I nibbled where her neck met her collar bone. She turned around and closed her lips over mine. As our tongues began their dance, she moaned into my mouth. As the kiss grew more passionate, I undid her robe so that it hung open. While one of my hands remained at the base of her neck pulling her even closer, the other snaked it's way in between us and began it's downward journey to her center.

She moved back a little to give me better access and I could feel the heat radiating off of her. I decided that the teasing I'd could wait. My fingers brushed her clit and she ended the kiss to moan into my ear before biting my neck. I moved my fingers to lightly tap her slit. She opened her legs further for me and I plunged my index and middle fingers into her sopping hole causing her to bite my neck even harder, in turn causing me to groan.

I loved that I could catch her off guard in her heightened state of arousal. My fingers began pumping in and out of her, causing her to release the bite on my neck and whimper. I know she was in need of relief being that she and I hadn't seen each other since the week before and Spencer was opposed to masturbation. I felt her legs going out and stopped moving my fingers long enough to lay her down on the bed. Moving down her body, I enclosed my lips over her clit and began to furiously pump my fingers into her again. She began moaning louder and meeting me thrust for thrust. I could tell she was about to come and prepared to swallow all the sweet juice the cute redhead had to offer me. She cried out, "Yeeeeeesssssss!! Oh god! Shadow!!" and came all over my face. I licked up as much of her as fast as I could. Making her orgasm last long by lightly circling her clit with my fingers until all of her shuddering stopped.

I moved back to lay beside her and waited for her breathing to return to normal. When it finally did she said, "Had I known you were going to jump my bones before we left, I'd have pre-picked my outfit for tonight."

I laughed and said, "I didn't know I was going to jump your bones, so it's fine. If Tash complains, you can just say it's all my fault."

Spencer laughed and said, "It IS all your fault!"

I shook my head as she got up and returned to looking through her closet and said, "Damn. Just throw me under the bus, baby."

She looked over her shoulder and said, "Hey! I got one last lay out of you. So if Tash decides to kill you, I can remember this."

I stood up, my face the mock expression of shock. As I crossed my arms in front of my chest, she came over, having finally deciding what to wear, and kissed me before turning towards the bathroom.

~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~

After having started the night off with sex, both Spencer and I were more than relaxed when we walked into Secret hand in hand. Winding through the crowd, we came to the table where our friends usually occupied. They were all drinking and having a good time. There was an awkward silence as my friends noticed that I wasn't alone. They all turned their heads to look at Vivian who was returning with the next round. She froze when she saw me. Then she looked over at Spencer and then at our hands linked. The silence seemed to intensify even with the loud music in the club, Tash decided to try and kill the awkwardness by saying, "Damn, girl! About time you got back here, I thought I was going to have to send a search party to look for you!" Grabbing Vivian by the arm with one hand and taking her drink with the other, Tash moved Vivian so she was standing on the other end of the table.

"Um ... Yeah, sorry. Had to wait for the bartender to bring up more the vodka." Vivian said even though her eyes didn't leave me.

Spencer must have felt out of place because she leaned into me and whispered into my ear, "Maybe we or I should just leave. I don't like dealing with stuff like this."

I looked down at her and said, "No. There's nothing to deal with. She's here, so are we. It's not that big of a deal. We're together. I told you weeks ago that what I felt for her was gone."

Spence looked at me with that hesitant look she got sometimes and asked, "Have you even talked to her since we got back?"

I shook my head no. Then said, "We have nothing to talk about. She and I were never together so there isn't anything to discuss. She did what she wanted to do, I dealt with it. Now we're together and I have no need to think about it."

Spencer nodded her head and even though I could see that there was clearly something she wanted to say, she didn't. She wrapped her arm around my waist and I slung my arm over her shoulder trying to give her some peace of mind. I kissed the top of her head and she sighed as she relaxed. I was glad. Although a few weeks ago I had been uncertain of my words to her, the time we spent together made me see that I'd spoken nothing but the truth to her.

Looking back at the group, they smiled as we resolved the issue with no conflict. Everyone that is except Vivian. She seemed to be broken. I'd never seen that look and as much as I felt for her situation, she'd brought it on herself and I was content with my happiness. She quickly dashed the tear that fell from her eye away and looked away.

Tash saw it just like I saw it and did what I couldn't bring myself to do, comfort her. After Tash whispered something to Vivian, the two walked away saying they'd be back shortly. Things returned to normal and Spencer and I began having a good time.

We were on the dance floor when Tash came up to me. She apologized to Spencer for needing to take me away for a moment. Spencer said she understood and decided to go get a drink at the bar. I waited until she was far enough away before I looked at Tash and said, "What is it?"

She looked down like she was unsure how to say whatever it was and then said finally, "I know it's a lot to ask and I know you're here with your girlfriend, but Vivian really needs to talk to you. She just can't pull it together and I don't think she can until she talks to you."

I must have clearly looked like I didn't want to do that because Tash added, "I'll keep Spencer busy while you two talk. Please, Shadow. You know I wouldn't even think of bringing it to you if I thought there was another way to handle the situation, but I don't think there is."

I nodded and walked over to the privacy booth I'd seen Tash come out of. As I reached for the handle, it opened and Vivian looked up at me. I got in the booth and closed the door behind me. I could tell that she'd been crying a lot and I didn't like it, but I didn't know what she expected me to do.

Before I could say anything, Vivian started, "I'm so sorry, Em. You have no idea about how bad I feel. I messed up. I know I messed up and I know I have no right to ask this, but can you please ... please forgive me? I know you're with Spencer now and I can't be with you, but I need part of you in my life. That might be extremely selfish of me, but since we met, you've been the only thing on my mind, even being with someone didn't help, it made me want you more and I can't take this anymore. I saw you tonight and wanted to cry because it's been that long. I ... "

She trailed off as she me just staring at her. Then she said, "Can you say something, please? I feel like I'm saying off of this to you for no reason. What is on your mind?"

"On my mind? Well, I'm trying to figure out what I'm doing here. You say all that and I'm pretty sure you think you mean it, but I don't think I can be around you right now. You say you can't take being away from me, well guess what, Vivian, it's your fault I'm away from you. You're a grown woman and you are single, so you had sex. Hell, I remember a lot about Cristine so I'm sure you two had a great time together and I'm glad for you. I just can't be with you right now. Even if I wasn't with Spence, I would still not be around you because seeing you two like that hurt way too much. I forgave you. Anger isn't something that lasts long with me and I had to in order to be fair to Spencer, so you are forgiven, but as far as us being around each other ... Unless it's in a group like tonight, I don't see that happening. I just wanted to make sure you were okay. I don't like girls crying so just try and calm down. I'm not mad at you and I don't hate you. So just enjoy tonight, okay?"

As I said that, I stood up. Her hands crept up from her lap to touch my arm. I looked down at the contact and it made me remember how soft her skin is. I smiled at her and patted her hands before leaving the privacy booth.

Walking through the crowd, I found Spencer with the girls and she looked thoroughly drunk. I shot Tash an angry look and then moved towards my trashed girlfriend. As she saw me approaching her, she jumped into my arms and began raining kisses all over my face. I pulled back slightly and kissed her on the lips before pulling away again. She smiled and said, "You are so gorgeous. Did you know that?" Her words were slurring and I knew I needed to get her home before she passed out. I nodded my head answering her question and she leaned into me. All my friends laughed. I shook my head and gathered up our coats. Saying good bye to everyone, I moved towards the exit.

Getting in the car was mission enough, by the time I got her home and tucked in bed, she was dead weight. I stayed for a little while making sure she'd sleep okay and then left. I'd never seen Spencer so trashed and I was curious about what had brought on her sudden change. I didn't think about it long before my mind shifted to the conversation I had with Vivian. Between the two of them, I was lucky I got any sleep at all that night.

~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~

Spencer

I knew something was up the minute Tash had walked towards us on the dance floor. I didn't want to leave Shadow, but I knew they needed to talk and about what had me freaking out. I really liked Shadow, but I knew that she would never be completely mine. She had connected to Vivian before she'd even met me and although she said that she was over her, I knew she wasn't.

When I made it back, Shadow had vanished and Tash was waiting for me where we all had been just moments before. I looked at her and the look on her face answered a question I hadn't even asked. I shook me head and Tash said, "It's okay. They're just talking."

I stared at her because she was the one who'd asked Shadow to talk to Vivian and I said, "It's not okay. I know you know Shadow pretty well, so I know you know how much she is struggling with all of this. It's in her nature to do what's right regardless of if that's what she really wants and I also know that the major part of her wants Vivian. You putting them together is only going to make her think. How long do you think she'll stay with me before she realizes she isn't as happy as she makes me think?"

Tash didn't say anything. I knew she was thinking about what I said and I took a big swig of my scotch. When I lowered the glass, she said, "I'm sorry. I didn't think about it like that. I mean, Shadow has always done what she wanted, but she's a thinker. After what Vivian said to me, I'm pretty sure she's going to tell her and I don't know that will affect you two. I apologize for not thinking it through. I just wanted the girl to stop crying."

"I'm sure she'll be fine. I know her type even if nothing happens, Shadow and I will never be the same. You can take your apology and shove it." I looked down and realized I was out of scotch and said, "I'll meet you back at the table. I need another one."

"Um ... " Tash put her hand on my arm and said, "Don't you think you should slow down? Those things really hit you."

"I know that, Natasha. Now if you'll excuse me, I need another drink." I said and turned back towards the bar.

For the next half hour, I knocked them back right there at the bar until one of Shadow's friends came and I remember the table. Turning back towards the table, I knew I was drunk and it had been a few years since I was this bad. Sitting there at the bar, I made a decision. I was going to let Shadow go before she could do the proper thing. Only I really didn't want to.

A few minutes after I made it to the table, Shadow came back and I was so happy to see her. I don't remember a lot about what happened after that, but I know I woke up the next morning with a massive headache and a empty spot next to me.

~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~

Vivian

It seems like no matter what I say, I can't say the right thing to make her listen to me. After our talk, I pulled myself together, but as I made my way back to the table, I saw her and Spencer kissing. The passion between them couldn't be ignored. I decided I'd just give up. If she didn't want to be with me then I'd find someone who did. I wasn't drunk, but the majority of the crowd seemed to be. 

I made my way over to the bar and order a coke. I drove and I didn't feel like drinking. I knew once I started, with how I was feeling, I wouldn't stop. That was just a recipe for disaster. I sat on one of the vacant stools and thought about everything that had happened recently. My thoughts were interrupted by a melodious voice asking, "Is this seat taken?"

I looked up and saw the most beautiful face. It's heart shape made me think of Cupid. I was staring at her and it clearly made her uncomfortable because she shifted her weight. I cleared my throat and said, "No. It's not."

She smiled and my heart soared. I didn't think I could feel this happy after the night I had as I smiled back.

She sat and turned to look at me and said, "My name is Elizabeth, but everyone calls me Beth. I hate being called Becky though."

The disdain showed in her voice and I laughed and said, "Beth it is then. I'm Vivian. Everyone calls me Viv though."

"Well, Viv, what is a gorgeous girl like yourself doing sitting at the bar all alone?"

"I was here with a group of friends, but I'm not really in the mood for their company."

"How about my company?"

"I'd love your company, Beth. You are quite attractive. I love the heart shape of your face."

She smiled and without further warning, she leaned forward and kissed me. At first I was shocked, but after my initial surprise, I joined in the kiss. She seemed pleased and began to deepen the kiss and caress my body. Pulling back for much needed air. I grabbed her hand and lead her to the exit. I was taking this woman home with me now.

Luckily, my place wasn't that far from Secret and we made it there in no time. In my bedroom, I began removing her clothing. She allowed me and moaned as my fingers brushed her hardened nipples. I began to undue her pants when she stopped me. I looked at her and said, "Is this too fast? Do you not want this?"

She shook her head and said, "It's a little fast and I do want to do it, but I just don't have sex with random women. I kissed you to see if the passion I saw in your eyes was something and it was, but I think we should slow down. Get to know each other better. Date, you know, before we take this step."

I nodded my head. I knew exactly what she was talking about.I agreed we could just hang out at my place and I'd take her home whenever she wanted. I buttoned her pants back and kissed her lips. Before saying, "Would you like something to drink?"

"Yes. Tea if you have it. I need to calm my hormones." She said and laughed.

I walked out to put on the tea. I too needed to cool my hormones. Elizabeth was a nice girl and a relationship with her wasn't a bad idea. So I decided to give it a shot.

The rest of the night Elizabeth and I talked. I learned just about everything I needed to know about her and she about me. We ended up talking until the early hours of the morning and rather take her home, we just snuggled up in my bed and went to sleep.

~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~

Emily

I slept in on Saturday morning and enjoyed the restful nature of it. I rarely ever slept in, but when I woke up, I had a text message from Spencer and a message from Vivian. I opened the message from Spencer first and was completely shocked at what it said:

"Shadow, last night showed me that you haven't dealt with what you claim to have gotten under control and I know this a sucky way to do this, but it's over. If I had called you or saw you, I wouldn't have been able to let you go. Go be with Vivian. That's where your heart truly is. I understand that so don't think I haven't thought about this. I'll see you around, hun. You were really great to be with and I hope Vivian doesn't hurt you again.

Your love always,

Spence."

I was totally shocked that for the first time in my 25 years on this earth, I'd just been broken up with through text message. Technology was ruining the world. The wasn't anything I could do about Spencer's decision. It wasn't like she was wrong, but I just didn't know if I could go back to trying to be with Vivian and that's when I remembered her text and was shocked for the second time in the span of 15 minutes. It read:

"Em, you were so right about what you said last night. I wont try to push anything other than friendship at you. In fact, because of what you said to me last night, I met a great girl and I think we could really hit it off. When you're ready to be friends, give me a call. Luv you, Em.

Forever,

Viv."

I sat there on my bed thinking. The universe truly had a funny sense of humor. Now I was not only single, but I was single with no prospects. I guess I'll be hanging out at Secret a lot more now. I knew I wouldn't stay single long. I laughed as I texted them both back the same thing.
