 "I, um...I think this was a mistake," Emily said as she stood up. She felt the heat on her skin and knew she had to be blushing beet red all over her face. "I, I have to go, I--"

The woman on the other side of the glass (who was supposedly named 'Krystelle', but Emily didn't really believe it) smiled comfortingly. "Please don't," she said, her voice honey-sweet and sensual. "After all, you've already given me the money. It'd be a shame to waste it all by leaving after only twenty seconds."

Emily didn't open the doors to the booth, but she didn't sit back down either. "I'm sorry," she said. "I don't even know why I did this--"

"Yes, you do," Krystelle said, fixing Emily square in the eyes with an almost indecently direct stare. "You did this because you wanted to see me. There's nothing wrong with that, honey. You're just a little...curious, that's all." She shifted position a little on the pile of cushions, adjusting her legs in a way that drew Emily's attention down to the way they crossed. "Nothing wrong with being curious."

"No, I didn't mean--I mean, I'm not saying it's wrong, I just..." Emily tripped over her own words, feeling like her tongue was flopping around uselessly in her mouth. "I mean, I know people do, and that's fine and all, I just...I can't. I can't."

"So nervous!" Krystelle said, her eyes twinkling. "It's okay, honey, I don't bite." She leaned forward conspiratorially. "Well, I have been known to nibble a little, but that's what the glass is for."

Despite herself, Emily's mouth twitched a little, forming a tiny smile. "I'm sorry," she said again, "I really am, you seem really nice, but I just...I don't think I can do this."

Krystelle shifted position again, uncrossing her legs. "Oh, I bet you can, honey. You just need a little...encouragement, that's all. A little reminder of what you came here to see." She slowly inched her skirt up her thighs, tantalizing Emily with her creamy white skin. "You're already imagining it, aren't you, honey? You're already thinking about what you're going to see in a couple of seconds, and that's just gluing your feet right to the floor, isn't it?"

"I..." Emily wanted to run, but at the same time she didn't want to look away. "I should go now."

"Should you?" Krystelle slid her skirt all the way up around her waist. She wore bright red satin panties, and Emily thought she could see just a tiny bit of a wet spot on the crotch. "You came all the way out here in the middle of the night, you slid sixty dollars into that slot there...I don't think you did that just so you could leave. I think part of you wants to stay right where you are, honey. And I'm going to give that part of you just what it wants. A little reward, for being such a good girl and keeping the rest of you here so we can get to know each other better."

Emily took a step backwards, stumbling as the stool hit the back of her thighs. She clutched at the wall to steady herself, still somehow unable to look away from Krystelle's body. Terror swept through her, like stage fright on opening night. Even though Krystelle was the one stripping naked, somehow Emily felt like she was the center of attention.

Krystelle hooked her thumbs into the waistband of her panties and slowly drew them down her thighs. "This is what you wanted to see, isn't it, honey?" The silky fabric slid down past Krystelle's knees, twisting and folding in on itself as it did so. "That wasn't so hard, was it? The hard part is already done, and all you need to do is just let your legs relax, sit down on that stool, and watch." She slid the panties down around her ankles. "You don't need to ask, you don't need to move, you don't need to do anything at all. All you need to do is watch, and that's easy." Then, with agonizing slowness, Krystelle pulled her panties off completely.

Not watching would be hard, Emily thought as she stared at Krystelle's pussy. It was beautiful in a way that none of the girls in the videos ever were, in a way that cameras could never capture; Krystelle's thighs perfectly framed her pussylips in a seductive V, like an arrow that drew the eye to her cunt. The soft rounding of her labia looked warm and inviting, as if it beckoned Emily to cup her hand over the mound of flesh and feel. She still felt a reflexive desire to leave, but she couldn't think why anymore and her legs didn't seem to want to move and her eyes didn't seem to want to look anywhere but at Krystelle's pussy.

"That's right, honey," Krystelle said. "Seems silly now, doesn't it? Wanting to walk out those doors and leave this behind. You can't even think what you were so scared of before, can you?" Krystelle didn't move, but that was alright with Emily. She didn't need to move. Her pussy looked perfect just the way it was, right there where Emily could see it.

Emily leaned in a bit, wanting to look at it even closer. She noticed that Krystelle had trimmed her pubic hair into a small triangle, one that emphasized the gentle curves of her labia. Emily felt like she could trace the shape of a heart around where Krystelle's thighs and her bush framed that gorgeous cunt, and suddenly her fingers ached with the desire to do just that.

"Because this isn't anything to be afraid of, honey." Out of the corner of her eye, Emily could see that Krystelle was peeling her top off, but somehow the massive tits that had attracted Emily when she first walked into the sex shop seemed unimportant now next to Krystelle's mesmerizing pussy. "This isn't anything to be ashamed of. You're just sitting there and watching, and letting things happen."

Emily nodded absently, her eyes still on Krystelle's cunt. She stared intensely at it, noticing the way that the lights in the booth picked out just a tiny trace of glistening moisture at the edges of her labia. Emily swallowed deliberately, suddenly very aware of the moisture between her own thighs.

"It's okay, honey. You can look all you want." Emily leaned forward a little more, letting her forehead rest against the glass as she stared. Somehow, that felt comfortable. It meant that she didn't have to work at holding her head up, and she could focus all her attention on Krystelle's pussy. "I want you to look. Just look and listen and let things happen, honey." Emily noticed that Krystelle's hands were on her tits, roaming over the expanse of smooth flesh, but it didn't seem to matter. That pussy was so fucking beautiful...

"What's your name, honey?" Krystelle asked.

It took Emily a surprisingly long time to bring it to mind. Her head seemed to be filled with nothing but that cunt... "Emily," she whispered. For a moment, she felt a brief stab of fear--was it really a good idea to tell Krystelle that?

But then Krystelle purred out, "Emily. That's a beautiful name," and Emily sighed in relief. She was just being silly. It was just her first name, after all. Nothing to be worried about. "How long have you been fantasizing about women's bodies, Emily?"

"Um...a few years now," Emily said quietly, her attention still focused on the reality of Krystelle's body. Krystelle's fingers had moved away from her tits now and were creeping down towards her pussy, and Emily felt like she was vibrating like a piano string in expectation as they got closer. "Since college. I saw a movie, called 'Where the Truth Lies'...had two women in it, having sex..." It felt oddly hard to talk, or even to think. Emily felt like she hadn't blinked in ages.

"Years?" Krystelle sighed out. "Oh, you poor thing. Wanting this so long, but so afraid to even look..." Her fingers dipped down to the very top of her cunt, inching their way in between her pussylips. "Aching to see this, aching to be with a woman, your need growing until you couldn't stop yourself. You can't stop yourself, can you, Emily?"

"No," Emily whimpered, feeling pulses of arousal surge through her pussy with each word that came out of Krystelle's mouth, with each gesture of her finger as she rubbed her own clit.

"You don't want to stop, do you, Emily?" Krystelle's voice was breathy, soft, filled with lust now as she masturbated.

"No," Emily repeated, unable to think of anything but Krystelle's pussy now. She wasn't even thinking about Krystelle's words, other than to notice how erotic, how enticing, how sexy they sounded as the woman on the other side of the glass panted them out while sliding a finger into her wet cunt.

"You just want to let it happen. Just give in to your body's needs the way you did when you came out here, the way you did when you stepped into this booth." Emily couldn't look away now, Krystelle's finger just kept sliding in and out and it was wet, oh god it was wet. "Your body knew what it wanted, your eyes just locked onto my wet, sticky box and wouldn't look away, and your body knows what it wants now, Emily. Just let it happen."

Emily didn't even realize what she was doing until she felt her fingers slip inside the waist of her jeans, and by then it felt too good to stop. "Good girl," Krystelle husked out, redoubling her own efforts at self-pleasure. "Good girl, don't stop, keep going..."

Emily pressed two fingers sharply against her clit and moaned in ecstasy, her body trembling in sympathy with Krystelle's sudden jerks and quivers. She was so primed, so ready, so hot that it felt like she was already almost to her first orgasm before she even touched herself. Her hips bucked back and forth on the stool, and she felt the delicious sensation of her hand trapped by her clothing as she frantically jilled off.

"Oh, oh, oh fuck, yes, Emily, can't stop yourself, needed it, wanted it, ohhhh..." Emily watched Krystelle's thighs tense, saw the sudden twitching of her pussylips, and suddenly that pushed her over the edge and she came a second time. Moisture trickled out from Krystelle's cunt, and Emily realized she was drooling at the sight of it.

"Good girl," Krystelle whispered again and again, "good girl," and Emily felt like she was floating on a warm tide of praise and pleasure. She was skimming along the edge of orgasm, never quite coming down as her fingers worked her hot, sticky folds. She never wanted this to end, never imagined it could be this good...why had she waited for so long for this?

Then the lights in the booth began to dim. "Good girl," Krystelle said one last time, pulling her fingers out of her pussy. "Emily, do you have any plans for the rest of the night?"

"No," Emily said dreamily, her fingers finally subsiding in their efforts. It felt too much like effort to remove them from their warm, soft nest between her thighs, though. It felt too much like effort to do anything except listen to Krystelle and respond to her words.

"Good girl," Krystelle whispered. "I want you to go out into the shop and wait for me. It'll be a couple of hours before I leave, Emily, but you're going to find that the time passes very quickly. You can just picture my pussy in your mind's eye, and you'll find that you won't even need to think about anything else. Do you understand, honey?"

"Uh-huh," Emily sighed out. Her mind seemed to be locked into a dreamy trance of ecstasy, and she felt like she couldn't really think about what Krystelle was implying. Most of her couldn't seem to think at all, and the parts of her that could were too excited to think about anything but Krystelle's pussy, about the rounded softness of her heart-shaped box. But she knew she would wait for Krystelle. She knew she would go anywhere the other woman wanted to take her, literally and figuratively.

"Good girl," Krystelle said, collecting her clothes. "I don't do this for just anybody, but I've taken you this far...I think I want to be the one who takes you the rest of the way, too." The lights in the booth finally subsided all the way into darkness, but Emily felt like she could still see Krystelle's pussy there.

THE END