 Jan walked into the empty classroom. She knew it was early but she didn't want to be late. She felt awkward enough returning to college at 41 years old. She did not want to draw more attention to herself, by being late. Looking around the room at the empty desks brought back memories of high school, bringing a warm sensation between her legs. She had been more than a little frisky in those days. The truth was she loved to fuck, and suck just about anyone. Her husband had managed to keep her satisfied for the last 23 years, while they raised their daughter. It was her encouragement that led Jan to enroll in college. She decided to take a seat in the rear of the classroom, near the door. 

Sitting at the desk she thought of the past, the parties and the boys. It was at one such party, for the track boys, that she met her husband. Mark had not been the best looking boy there, and not her first that night. The party started slowly enough, but the addition of some alcohol had quickly added to the fire. She remembered Mark, the team leader. He had come into the kitchen while she was making another drink. He walked up behind her and reached for the liquor bottle. She could feel his hard cock as he leaned into. She knew what he wanted. It was always the same with him. He loved for her to suck his cock in public places. It was the thrill of possibly being caught that really excited him. It was thrilling for her too. She turned around, facing him.

"Just what are doing," she questioned.

"Getting a drink," he grinned, "and maybe a little feel of your tight ass." She was proud of her body. It made her feel good when others complemented her on it.

"And that," she nodded towards the bulge in his pants, "Is it needing a drink also". 

"No, but it does need some relief". Mark was smiling. He knew she loved sucking his cock. She led him

around behind the counter, so if someone came in, they would not see her. She took a long swallow from the alcohol filled glass and knelt down in front of him. She could see the slight movement of his erection as she rubbed him. She moved the palm of her hand, up and down the bulge in his pants. He moved his hips with her hand.

"Don't tease me," he pleaded, "Just take it out". 

"Not this time," she stated, "Your going to have to drop your jeans to the floor if you want me to do you"!!

She could see the look on his face. This was not what he expected. In the past she had always sucked him off with his cock sticking out his zipper. 

"But someone might come in'", he pleaded. "That's the exciting part," she said. The look on his face was puzzling her. He was thinking about it too long. "So it's o.k. and exciting if I get caught on my knee's, obviously sucking you off, just as long as you have your cock back in your pants", she stated.

"No, I mean, Oh, fuck it. He undid his pants and let them fall around his ankles. His cock was throbbing against the thin cotton underwear. "Those too", she said laughing. "Can't you do anything," he said. He pulled the underwear down and let them slide to his ankles also. His cock was enormous. Throbbing and waving, asking for her attention. She reached up and let her tongue flick the swollen head.

He tried to put his hand on the back of her head, but she pushed it aside. "I'll decide how fast we go at this," she stated. She let her tongue glide down the shaft to his swollen balls. Sucking one in to her mouth she could hear the small moan escape his lips. She looked up to see his head leaning slightly back, savoring the sensations she created. Her tongue was flickering up down his shaft, as she admired the swollen veins pulsing along its length. He worked his hips back and forth, trying to fuck her mouth, but she only teased him. She let her tongue swirl around the head of his cock, which was swollen, and darker in color than before.

She took the head into her mouth and sucked on it hard. Working up and down the full length of the shaft, the moans escaping his mouth were growing louder. She wondered if anyone else could hear his excitement. She began to suck him harder now, and held him deep within her mouth. His throbbing cock was swelling as she held it in the back of her throat and she could sense the cum as it exploded from it, filling her mouth with his thick fluid. She loved the taste, and sucked it hard, making sure to swallow every drop. She stood and looked into his eyes, as she wiped the last drop from the corner of her mouth. She kissed him, pulling his tongue into her mouth, sucking it, letting him taste his own seed. She bent down and took his cock in her mouth again. 

She sucked on it, feeling it give up the last drops of it's nectar. She squeezed his balls making sure they had given all they could give. She heard the voices as they approached. She closed her eyes hoping they would not see her, his cock in her mouth. They got loader and loader. She felt her own vaginal juices escaping her wet hole and moistening her inner thighs. She looked up and was startled. It was the other students entering the room. She quickly tried to compose herself, wiping the imagined cum from her mouth. She watched as the tall older woman entered, carrying a large brief case with her, sitting it on the desk in front of the room. She wondered if anyone had noticed or knew, she had just had a wet dream.

The older woman quickly took charge of the class, and introduced herself as Sherri Tenison, and could be addressed as Professor Tenison. She was a beautiful woman with olive skin. Her blouse was tight and emphasized her ample breasts. Jan was stunned by the woman's beauty and perfect body. She had imagined professors as old grumpy men. She sat through the class, listening attentively to the woman lecture and spell out, in perfect detail, the course description and what was expected of them. She noticed on several occasions the woman looking directly at her as if sizing her up. Jan thought it was because she was older and looked out of place. She watched the older woman move up and down the isles, the subtle curves of her body seemed intoxicating to Jan. Jan sat through the class admiring, and watching the woman. She had never had sexual desires for a woman before, but here, sitting in the college classroom, she felt a strong desire to reach out and touch this woman. It seemed as if the class had just began when she heard the woman dismissing everyone. Jan sat there watching as the woman picked up her papers. 

"Is there something I can help you with," professor Tenison asked. "Oh, Uh, no," Jan stuttered. 

"I couldn't help but notice you," the professor said, "you're a little older than the other students," she finished smiling. She put her arm on Jan's shoulder. The mere touch of her hand sent waves of sexual excitement through her. She felt herself blush. "I couldn't help but notice, you were watching me very closely during class," the professor continued. "I really don't mind, but you really should watch your hands, because if others in class noticed you rubbing yourself as I noticed, it might cause you some problems." Jan felt the blood rush to her head. She felt really hot and light headed. "I did not do that," she protested, but she knew she probably had. "Well, that is what it looked like to me, I am sorry if I was wrong, but it was flattering to be desired so openly." Jan's heart began to beat wildly in her chest. The professor was actually coming on to her now. It was becoming apparent that the beautiful woman was also aroused, her nipples hard and erect against the fabric of the blouse. "It's o.k. we are both a little older and wiser than the girls who take this course, so we can talk a little more openly cant we," the professor said. "Yes," Jan replied, "I guess we can, professor."

"First, lets get one thing straight, class is over now, so it is Sherri, o.k."

"O.k.," Jan replied, "I was looking at you in that way, it just surprised me because I have never been attracted to a woman before and……", her words trailed off. Sherri quickly interceded, "I know, it kind of stuns you the first time it happens. Have you thought of being with a woman, she asked?

"No," Jan lied. She had thought of being with a woman, back in school, but she had not dared. It was one thing to be the school slut, but quite another to be the school slut and school lesbian.

"Would you like to go for a drink and talk things over," Sherri asked. The question caught Jan off guard, but the fact was, she did want to go with her. She not only wanted to go with her but she wanted to be with her. "Yes," she answered, "How about Marko's bar." 

"That would be nice," Sherri said, "but I was thinking we could go to my place, it's just around the corner and I have a fully stocked bar."

"Great," Jan replied. It was what she wanted anyway, at least, thought she wanted. The thought of being with another woman was exciting, but scary also. It was uncharted territory for her. She felt, she knew all she needed to know to please a man, but a woman's needs were different, or were they? She knew how to please herself, how much more did she need to know. She began to feel better now convinced she could go through with it. 

She followed Sherri and watched as the brake lights of her car came on, as she stopped at the house. It really was just around the corner from the college. Jan could feel the moistness between her legs as she stepped from the car. She was excited with feelings, she had not experienced since high school. She followed Sherri into the house. It was beautiful, everything in place, and decorated in white, chippy furniture. Jan had seen pictures of houses like this in books. It was a style called shabby chic. Chippy, old furniture and items redone to serve other purposes. It was a look absolutely perfect for this house. Sherri opened the bar. "Bourbon and coke, o.k.," she asked. Jan nodded, stunned by the woman's beauty. The lighting in the house, simply emphasized her appearance. Jan took the glass from Sherri, "Thanks," she said. "I think I need this." It'll be alright, Jan," Sherri said. Jan turned the glass upward and drank all of it's content. "Another," Sherri asked. "Yes, please," Jan said. Once again Sherri made her a drink, this one a little stronger than before. She handed Jan the glass and walked behind her. Jan could feel her as she leaned in to her. She could feel the warm breathe on her neck as Sherri whispered, "Let's explore our sexuality together."


Jan felt Sherri's warm moist lips on her neck, nibbling and kissing her. Sherri began to kiss her ear, and Jan could feel Sherri's breasts pressing into her, her erect nipples broadcasting her desire. It was an incredible feeling, having another woman kissing and nibbling on her. It was a sensation so different from 

being with a man. Sherri's face was so smooth and soft, her lips, moist and tender. She was caught up in the sensations, flirting with ecstasy. Sherri's arms were around her waist, and Jan slowly began to push them downward. She turned around, still in Sherri's grip, and looked into her eyes. "I need you," Jan whispered to her. She could sense Sherri's desire, and appreciated her gently touch. Jan could feel Sherri's hand brush over her swollen mound. Even with her pants on, she could feel the pleasurable sensations filling her. She reached down and unsnapped her pants, letting Sherri have easy access to her. Sherri pulled on the zipper and helped Jan step from her clothes. Standing in front of Sherri naked, letting her look at her was sexually exciting. Jan felt vulnerable, and leaned into Sherri's arms. She felt the gently touch of Sherri's fingers as they ran up and down her pubic mound, ever so gently brushing her swollen and beckoning clitoris.

It was pure ecstasy as Sherri explored her. Her fingers moving over her, sending pulsating shocks through out her body. It was within these feelings that Sherri placed her moist lips on Jans. Jan opened her mouth and let their tongues explore one another. Jan loved the taste of Sherri and moaned into her mouth. They were one with the other, each feeling the others pleasure. Jan began to undress Sherri, letting her fingers find and undo the buttons of her blouse, which she pulled off, never breaking her kiss. She pulled back from Sherri, and helped her step from her pants, exposing the white lacey panties. She could see a small strip of dark hair, neatly trimmed, hiding behind them. She grasped the panties and pulled them to the floor, exposing Sherri's moist pink vaginal lips. They were open, and pouting, calling for attention. 

Jan looked up at Sherri and smiled, "I need too taste you," she said, seeing the small smile cross Sherri's face. Jan let her tongue run up and down the open pink lips of Sherri's womanhood. The moist droplets tasted sweet and her scent was thrilling to Jan. It was musky and lingered around her. Jan let her tongue find the swollen bud of desire, and began to flick it with the tip of her tongue. Sherri moaned, as Jan began to suck the bud as if it were a small cock, letting her tongue explore it, savor it, slide up and down it, then sucking on it gently, then hard. Jan could feel the waves of pleasure pulsating through Sherri's thighs. Jan felt the grip of Sherri's hands on the back of her head tighten as she was pulled into the moist mound. She worked the hot mound of flesh as if it were the last thing she would ever taste, and Sherri's moans intensified. 

Sherri fell to her knee's as one orgasmic wave after another rocked her body. Jan let her hands explore the open vaginal hole and inserted one, then two fingers deep within Sherri, her body arched upward wanting more. Jan continued to explore the woman's body, letting another finger slide into her. She was fixated on rocking Sherri with orgasm after orgasm. Jan loved watching the waves ripple through the woman's vaginal lips, and the contractions that followed. She screamed as wave after wave enveloped her. Jan let one finger slide into the woman's anal orifice, just as the last orgasm rocked her. Sherri grabbed her and pulled her close. Jan held her, letting her long fingers stay buried deep within the woman. She felt the hot juices streaming around her fingers, and as she began to remove them, she could feel the vaginal lips trying to suck them back in. She put one of the fingers to her mouth, and then to Sherri lips, which sucked it into her mouth, and Jan felt Sherri's tongue gently lick it clean. Sherri kissed Jan again, full on the lips. "That was incredible," she whispered. Sherri got up and led Jan to the bedroom.

Jan lay on the bed, Sherri looking down at her. She felt Sherri's hand sliding up and down her inner thigh, teasing her, yet sending ripples of desire through her. Finally, a finger began to work ever so gently on her swollen clit, the bud aching with desire. Jan could feel the hot blood of desire within her swollen pussy lips, aching, wanting to be fucked. It was as if Sherri were reading her thought, and plunged three fingers deep within her dripping hole. "Fuck me hard," she screamed, and Sherri obliged pushing another finger into her, and Jan could feel her pussy expand. She felt Sherri working her fingers in and out of her swollen pussy. "Fuck me, Fist me," she screamed. She could feel Sherri's hand working like a piston. The long experienced fingers began to apply pressure to the anterior wall of her vaginal canal. It was a sensation which caused an explosion of vaginal juices which erupted out of her and onto Sherri's arm. Jan felt her pussy contracting violently, with wave after wave rocking her body. 

She could see Sherri reach across to the table next to the bed. The two vibrators which she removed were huge and intimidating. "Trust me," Sherri said smiling, then kissing her. Jan relaxed as Sherri began to let one of the vibrators run up and down her sopping vaginal hole, which felt as if it were still convulsing from the earlier assault. The large vibrator felt like it was ripping her in half as Sherri pushed it up into her. It hurt, but somehow felt good at the same time. Sherri let the other ride on her swollen, pulsating clitoris, and as her vaginal hole began to relax she pushed the other deep within her, working it back and forth. Jan could feel the blood rushing in once again, orgasm after orgasm, filling her being. 

It was then that she noticed, Sherri had strapped the other on with a harness, which now looked like a large dick extending from her crotch. Sherri smiled and grabbed Jan's knee, pushing them up toward her head, the vibrator filling her pussy still causing orgasmic waves. She felt the other large cock vibrator as Sherri guided it to her anal opening. "Oh, god, no," she pleaded, as Sherri, squirted a large amount of lubricant onto the thing, and then up her ass. She tried to slide up the bed, but Sherri's grip was to strong, and she could feel the large object pushing against her tight anal opening. Sherri slapped her on the ass hard, and when she cried out from the pain, she felt the cock vibrator slide into her, passed the sphincter muscle. She screamed out in pain, and Sherri, did not move, she just held the rubber cock in her ass, letting her muscle adjust to it's size. It was strange, the pain began to subside and the combination of the huge vibrator rocking her pussy, and the other being used as a cock felt good. 

The sight of Sherri, fucking her in the ass, moving her hips, thrusting into her, was exciting. She felt the juices pouring from her pussy like a mountain stream, running down her buttocks and onto the bed. Jan grabbed the vibrator, in her pussy, and began to work it in unison with Sherri's thrust. Screaming as orgasmic contractions rumbled through her body. She could hear the screams as they crossed her lips, but she was helpless to stop them. She had never had orgasms like these. They were ripping her body apart, or at least it felt that way, and she loved it. She could see Sherri, and hear her moans mixing with her own. It felt as if they had been at it for hours, but in reality it had only been a couple, before they collapsed, holding each other tightly, kissing, and embracing.

Once they caught their breath, they began to kiss gently, again exploring one another's mouths. Their hands exploring, the other body, rubbing and gently pulling at the hard nipples. They stood and hugged, each helping the other get dressed. "Jan," Sherri said, as they walked to the door, "I hope you enjoyed your homework, because I have a feeling you'll be getting a lot more." 

Jan smiled, " I hope so," she said, as she walked out the door.

Sherri blew her a kiss, "See you in class next week." 

Jan waved and watched as Sherri closed the door. She opened the door and sat in the car. She drove past the college on her way home, "college sure is going to be fun," she thought, smiling to herself.