 "Alright, girls," Marcia, the head of Tri Delt, said to the group of young sorority hopefuls. It was the day after bid day and the excitement of being accepted into the sorority electrified the air. "Although we've given you each a bid, you're still not part of the organization. Before initiation, you have to survive the new member period."

Laura- 18, long hair brushing the small of her waist, bright eyed, ready to please- nodded as Marcia spoke. She'd heard rumors about the ritualistic hazing that new members had to endure before being officially part of the sorority. However, she also knew that her life would be a living hell if she attended the school without involving herself in a Greek organization. She was willing to do anything to keep her spot in the sorority. 

"We will match each of you with an older member for the hazing rituals. Once initiated, the older member will be your big sister in the sorority. However, until then, they will be determining whether or not you have what it takes to be part of this sorority. You must follow their every order or you will be asked to leave."

Laura looked nervously as a group of older girls entered the room. They were clad in all clad in head-to-toe black. They walked over to the girls, each older member staring unsmiling at the potential members. The girl who stood in front of Laura was tall, skinny, and striking. Her hair was up in a ponytail, her black clothes perfectly outlined her beautiful body, and her large breasts squeezed at the otherwise-modest wardrobe. 

"Enjoy the new member period. I hope to see you all as my sisters soon," Marcia said before exiting the room. Once gone, a girl at the end of the line addressed the pledges. 

"Undress now!" She said. Laura couldn't believe her ears. Was she really supposed to get naked in front of all of these girls? The other new members were hesitant as well. "I said, now!" All of the girls jerked into motion as they removed dresses, shirts, bras, tights, and finally, their underwear. Laura couldn't help but feel embarrassed when her nipples hardened as she adjusted to the cold nakedness of the room. 

"Now, each of your older members have their own hazing rituals that they will complete. However, there is one activity that is mandatory. In Tri Delta, we pride ourselves on being the hottest sorority on campus. We have this reputation because all of the frat boys on campus want to fuck us. However, they can't exactly want to fuck us if we don't fuck men, if you know what I'm saying. This mandatory hazing ritual is to ensure that the right members are in our sorority. You will each watch a ten minute clip of lesbian porn while sitting on a newspaper. If you get aroused from the clip, the newspaper will become wet. If this occurs, we will immediately dismiss you from the pledging process. Your bid from Tri Delta will be revoked, but we will be saving you the psychological pain of going through the hazing process." All of the girls murmured in understanding. Laura wasn't nervous- she wasn't gay, so it shouldn't be a problem. Although the heteronormativity of the situation was unnerving, she was more worried about the further hazing that the older member promised. 

The member in front of her addressed her gruffly. "My name is Morgan. You will be answering to me for the next few weeks and, if you're lucky, I'll be your sister soon." She grabbed Laura by the arm. Morgan's touch on her naked skin sent shivers up and down her unclothed body. Morgan led her to a small closet in the sorority house. Inside, there was a tiny TV, a newspaper on the ground, and nothing else. Morgan sat Laura on the newspaper. "You'll watch this for ten minutes. Afterward, I'll come back and give you further instructions. Don't move from the newspaper." Laura nodded meekly. Morgan stared for a few moments at her naked body. Laura tried to hide her private bits, but was unable to. Finally, Morgan flicked on the TV and left the room.

On the screen, two girls were completely naked in a field. One had large boobs, the other had small tits. They rubbed each other's pussies while staring into one another's eyes. Suddenly, the girl with the large tits began sucking on the small tit's nipples. Laura had never seen two women act in a such way. Of course, she'd heard of lesbians and knew about gay sex, but she'd never considered the logistics. Having only been with men, Laura was under the impression that sex had to be gruff and rough. Overall, it was supposed to serve the man. These two women seemed to be enjoying themselves. 

Suddenly, the woman with small tits arranged herself so that her crotch was in the big tits woman's face and that woman's crotch was in hers. As they began 69ing, Laura couldn't help but imagine what it might be like to 69 with some of her female friends. She suddenly felt the urge to rub her own clit, to simulate along with the video. The woman with small tits began to groan with pleasure. Although Laura knew that porn was fake, she couldn't help but wonder if the woman's ecstasy was real. Laura looked at the door. How many minutes had passed? She was beginning to feel a wetness between her legs. She didn't think any had leaked onto the newspaper, but surely if she kept watching it would. The large woman was now spanking the small woman lightly as she continued to suck on her pussy. Laura began to finger herself lightly, convinced that if she caught the wetness, perhaps it wouldn't show on the newspaper. 

She touched her clit and couldn't help but emit a small moan of pleasure. She began to slowly move her fingers up and down, bucking her hips with the motion. Now, she was really aroused. She reached to put her fingers in her vagina, hoping to block the emission of the liquid. She put in one finger, two finger, three. She continued to grind her hips against the floor. While the women on screen orgasmed, Laura closed her eyes and came too. Once the waves of pleasure were over, she opened her eyes and realized her fingers were soaked. Having nowhere to wipe them but the newspaper that she was supposed to be keeping dry, she had no choice but to lick them clean with her own mouth. She was unnerved by how much she liked the taste of her own cum.

After a few minutes of Laura working hard to regain her natural breath and slow down her heartbeat, Morgan opened the door. Laura had almost completely forgotten about the task. Morgan walked over to the TV and turned it off. Once again, she looked at Laura's naked body without restraint. "Let's see how you did. Get up." 

Laura stood up, confident that Morgan would have no idea about what had occurred a few moments before. However, as she looked down at the newspaper on the floor, she realized it was completely soaked. 

"Wow." Morgan said. Laura was embarrassed, but she was even more shocked to find that watching Morgan look at her wetness made her wet again. She shook off this thought as she realized that her time with the sorority would be coming to an end. Morgan sat down on the chair in the corner of the closet. 

"Why would you rush this sorority if you're gay?" Morgan asked.

"I'm not," Laura mumbled. "I don't know what happened."

"Come over here." Morgan said. "Let me check a few things."

Laura walked over. Morgan cupped both of her breasts and watched as Laura's nipples became erect. She placed one hand on Morgan's pussy. She pinched Morgan's nipples with the other hand. Laura squealed, but could feel (just as Morgan could) that she began to get aroused. Morgan placed a finger on Laura's clit. Laura couldn't help but sharply intake a breath.

"You're definitely gay," Morgan said, her hand still on Laura's mound.

"I am not." They stood there for a moment. With every moment Morgan's hand remained on her pussy, Laura had to resist the urge to grind on it, maybe force Morgan to interact more with her clit, even slip a few fingers into her vagina. Finally, Laura asked, "So am I out of the sorority now?"

"I have to think about this," Morgan said. "I think you're a good kid. I also think this entire ritual is a little bit homophobic. Maybe I'll just punish you for your behavior and see how you do on the further tests. I might have to rethink my hazing approach, though. How does that sound?"

"Okay," Laura said, shocked on her sudden kindness. 

"Alright. Bend over my leg with your bottom in the air."

Laura was flabbergasted. "What?!"

"I said, bend over my leg with your bottom in the air."

Laura did as she was told.

"I am punishing you for your behavior." She began to spank Laura with her hand. Laura shrieked. "Be quiet! If the other sisters hear you, you'll be thrown out of the sorority for sure." Laura closed her mouth. Morgan continued to slap her ass cheeks, one at a time. Then, she started hitting her pussy. As much as she hated to admit it, she was more wet than she'd ever been in her entire life. Morgan put her hands between her legs. "You love this, don't you?" 

Laura said nothing.

"Answer me when I ask you a question. You love this, don't you?"

Laura shook her head yes. 

"You want me to touch you, don't you?"

Laura nodded her head yes again.

"Well, I don't want to. Too much work. But I'm just as excited as you. Take off my pants and eat my pussy while you rub yourself off." Laura was surprised by this turn of events, but was too scared to deny Morgan's orders. She stepped off her lap and slid off Morgan's black pants. Underneath, she wore a black thong. Laura slid her hand on her panties and found that Morgan was soaking wet, maybe even more wet than Laura. Morgan sat up off the chair and Laura took off her panties. She bent over the chair and began to lick her pussy. With her hand, she rubbed at her own clit. Morgan watched with the same determination as before as Laura pleasured both herself and Morgan. 

Although Laura had never fucked a girl, she somehow knew exactly what to do. She teased her as she kissed at her sides, then drove into her clit so that she shuddered and her breath quickened. With her own hands, she jammed into her vagina with her fingers. She moaned into Laura's cunt. 

"Don't come until I come," Morgan ordered as her eyes began to roll into the back of her head. As they both orgasmed, Morgan spanked Laura again. Laura yelled out in pleasure. When they'd both finished, Morgan put her pants and panties back on. By now, the newspaper was dry.

"Alright, pledge. You've passed your first task. Now, for the rest of the month, you have to do whatever I say. Welcome to Tri Delt."