 Laura woke up to a text from Morgan. "I have a lecture at 9:30 in Humbert Hall," it read. "Be there. No underwear, but dress school appropriate." Laura looked at the clock- it was already 9:15. Quickly, she got up and threw on a sweater and a pair of jeans. Then, she headed out.

Once in Humbert Hall, Laura stumbled into the lecture room. Nearly 120 heads turned to watch her come in- she was five minutes late. She scrambled to the back row where Morgan was sitting.

"You're late," Morgan whispered as the professor continued his beginning remarks

"Sorry," Laura said. "I don't have class until 2 today so I didn't plan on being up this early."

Morgan glared at her. "Alright. Here is your first task today. You have to make me come during this lecture."

Laura's eyes widened. "Now? Here?" Morgan nodded. Laura gulped. She'd never given head in public before. However, the exposed nature of the lecture hall made it scary and exciting. 

Laura opened a notebook to make it look like she was paying attention to the lecture. As the professor put his back to the class, she reached over and slid her hand down Morgan's pants. Unfortunately, unlike last time, she was wearing underwear. Laura began to rub Morgan's vagina over the underwear. After a few moments, she could feel that Morgan's underwear was getting wet. Laura looked over at Morgan's face to see if she had any reaction. Although her face was still serious, Morgan could see her nipples sticking out through her shirt and bra.

When her underwear was wet enough for Morgan to be satisfied, Laura quietly unbuttoned Morgan's pants. As silently as she could, she unzipped her pants and slid off her jeans. When they were off completely, she pushed the underwear to the side and touched her clit. Finally, there was a sign of ecstasy on Laura's face as her breath quickened. Morgan worked on her clit a little more. Morgan pulled out her phone and texted Laura, "Get under the table and lick me."

Laura threw a pen under the table. Once there, she got on her knees and put her face between Laura legs. She put her tongue all over her moist slit, licking up all the juices that had accumulated over the course of the lecture. Laura could feel Morgan's body begin to quiver as she was approaching orgasm. Just as Morgan was about to come, Laura saw movement to her right. Another boy in the lecture had dropped his pen too and was now watching her give head to Morgan. Before she had a chance to stop and warn her, Morgan orgasmed. Laura came back up to the table. 

"That was fantastic," Morgan whispered in her ear. Laura looked down the aisle and saw that the boy from before had a hard on that was evident over the desk. 

"Can I please go to the bathroom and finger myself?" Laura asked. She was so horny from making Laura come that she thought she might explode.

"No," Morgan said firmly. Laura sat for the rest of the class, feeling herself get wet to no avail. 

After the class, Laura thought Morgan would let her go. However, instead, she led her to the library. "I have to check out a book," Morgan said. They made their way through the multiple floors that were heavily populated. Finally, they got to the anthropology section. "Can you find the book called The History of Modern Europe?" Laura got on her tip toes in order to see what she could find. As she did, Morgan pulled down her pants, exposing her bare lower half to whoever might be in the aisles. 

"What are you doing?" Laura asked.

"This is part of your hazing," Morgan said. Morgan began massaging in between her legs. Laura couldn't help but moan loudly. After not having a release for so many days, she could have come immediately. "Are you gonna cum, you little whore?" Morgan's insults just turned Laura on more. Laura began pawing at her own boobs, and fingering her own clit as Morgan rubbed her ass and pushed her fingers into Laura's vagina. "Oh, you want someone to touch your tits? Take off your shirt, you fucking slut." Laura didn't need to be asked twice- she pulled the shirt off and began massaging her own nipples.

"That's hot," a deep voice said behind them. Laura and Morgan turned, only to see a boy standing behind them. 

"You like what you see?" Morgan asked. The guy nodded. A boner pushed at the crotch of his pants. "You can fuck it if you want." Laura wanted to fight back. She was gay, apparently, after all. "You fuck her from the back while I finger her from the front." Morgan said. The guy unzipped his pants as Morgan situated Laura. She fingered her clit and sucked on her tits while the guy pounded her from behind and grabbed at her ass cheeks. As much as she hated to admit it, she loved being paid attention to from two people. After a while, Morgan began to lick her nipples with her tongue. Then, she trailed her tongue down her stomach and to her cunt. As the guy fucked her, Morgan sucked on her cunt. Laura couldn't help but moan loudly. She was sure that other people in the library could hear her, but she couldn't help it.

Finally, the guy came. Laura orgasmed for the last time. The guy zipped his pants, thanked her, and headed on his way. Laura moved to put her clothes back on. 

"Hold on," Morgan said. She grabbed Laura's pants and poked a hole directly in the crotch. Then, she gave them to Laura to put them back on. With the pants on, no one could see the hole unless Laura sat with her legs wide open. She put her shirt back on and they head out to the quad.

On the quad, Laura and Morgan sat on the grassy knoll where the rest of the kids were. "Wow, that was really hot," Laura said.

"You're disgusting," Morgan told her. "You're a disgusting little slut who likes being watched. You are so gross. In fact, I bet you're horny right now."

"I am not," Laura said.

"Are you lying?" Morgan asked.

"No," Laura responded. Morgan put her fingers in the hole that she'd made earlier to discover that Laura was dripping wet. 

"You fucking liar. Roll over so I can spank you."

Laura, embarrassed, rolled over. In front of the entire quad, Morgan spanked her twice- hard. Laura did all she could to avoid moaning in pleasure, stretching her ass out for another spank, and begging for more.

"Now, make yourself come."

"Here?" Laura asked.

"Yes. Here. Finger yourself through the hole."

Laura couldn't believe that Morgan was asking this of her. However, she did as she was told. She slipped her fingers into the hole and began stroking herself. After a few moments, she began to really enjoy it. She started grinding on the grass below her. Then she stuck a few fingers into her cunt and grinded harder. She rubbed her vagina on the ground as she fingered her clit. She was so wet, she was sure that her entire crotch was literally dripping through the materials of her pants. Laura's body jittered as she orgasmed. When she pulled out her fingers, she realized that her hand was soaking wet and the small hole in her pants now exposed almost her entire vagina. 

"Alright. Well, time for you to go to class," Morgan said.

"What??" Laura responded. "I can't even go home to change my clothes?"

"Definitely not," Morgan said. 

Laura walked to class. People stared, but it only made Laura more excited. By the time she got to her lecture hall, her legs were dripping with her own cum. However, she couldn't even touch herself during the class because of Morgan's rules.