 "Sammy! Sammy come back here you little shit bag!" Jane was starting to regret adopting the 6 month old Beagle who was totally disobedient, had already been expelled from one puppy training class and had now disappeared through I tiny gap in a hedge into someone's garden.

She ran across the field and peered through the small hole, pleading with him to come back but she couldn't see him.

Standing up and brushing the earth from her jeans, Jane looked around and saw a gate into the garden a few metres away, but on reaching it she found it locked and wasn't tall enough to see over the top.

Just as she was jumping up and down trying to see over the gate to catch a glimpse of her errant hound, the gate opened from the inside.

"Hello" chuckled a woman dressed in muddy dungarees and flip flops "I assume this little chap is yours?" Jane stared in amazement at Sammy who was sitting obediently at the woman's feet, gently wagging his tail.

"I'm so sorry, he just runs off sometimes, I hope he didn't do any damage? How on earth did you manage to catch him and make him sit still?"

"I didn't have to catch him, he just ran up to me and then followed me to the gate, didn't you boy?" The dog now wagged his tail furiously whilst having his ears scratched, but still stayed sat in place.

"Well, I'm sorry to have bothered you anyway, come on Sammy" and Jane snapped the lead onto the collar and dragged the reluctant dog back across the field.

The next couple of days Sammy wasn't too badly behaved; ok so he wasn't exactly obedient but he did come back eventually and when he looked at Jane with those gorgeous butter-wouldn't-melt brown eyes he looked so cute that Jane couldn't entertain thoughts of returning him to the animal shelter.

On Saturday morning she walked him through the woods for about 8 miles, returning home via the field near her cottage. You'd have thought Sammy would be tired after a long walk and countless chased squirrels and rabbits but as soon as they went through the gate he darted across the field and ran straight through the gap in the hedge again.

Jane sprinted after him until a stitch slowed her down, arriving at the gate hot and breathless, grasping her sides, just as it opened once more.

"Hello again, this is becoming a habit! My goodness, you look done in. Come on in and have a cold drink." 

"That's very kind of you, I assume he's in there somewhere?" panted Jane

"Oh yes, he's made himself quite comfortable in fact, come and see."

As Jane followed the woman around the corner of the house she couldn't help but notice her arse as she walked, which was straining to escape the tight lycra cycling shorts she was wearing, and the shapely calf muscles beneath.

Jane hadn't had a relationship with a woman for many years but since her divorce she had found herself drawn to women more than men. Not that she'd advertised this fact – having recently moved into a sleepy village in the heart of the English countryside and she wasn't sure how people would react.

Jane was so busy focusing on the bum in front of her, she nearly ran straight into the woman when she stopped walking, turning to say something to Jane and catching her staring, making Jane's already flushed face turn to scarlet.

They were on a south facing patio at the rear of the house and Sammy was curled up, fast asleep on a blanket, on the lawn, in the sunshine.

"Oh the little sod! I'm so sorry, let me get him off – he's all muddy!" Jane went to move but found that her arm was caught in a firm grip.

"He's fine, leave him. I'm a dog person so I'm used to mud and hair and everything else that comes with them. Come and sit down and I'll find us something to drink."

"Thanks, I really appreciate it. I'm Jane by the way"

"Nice to meet you Jane, I'm Maggie. Now, would you like lemonade, iced tea, white wine or a cold beer?"

"I'll have a beer if that's ok?"

Maggie disappeared into the French doors, leaving Jane to admire the views offered by the house being perched on a hillside. 

Sammy might be a disobedient mutt but you never knew, it looked like she might be able to make a new friend out of his wayward behaviour.

Maggie reappeared carrying a try with 2 ice cold bottles of Becks, frosted with condensation, and dishes containing crisps, nuts and olives. She handed Jane a bottle and seated herself next to her at the patio table.

"So Jane, tell me about yourself"

"Not much to tell really. 32 years old, recently divorced, moved to the village 3 months ago, currently not working. Oh, and I adopted a dog that never listens to a word that I say!"

"He is a cutie though isn't he?" smiled Maggie, her eyes crinkling against the sunshine 

"I don't understand why he keeps running into your garden though. Admittedly he rarely comes back when I call him, but whenever we go into that field he heads straight for that little hole in your hedge!"

"Maybe he was trying to introduce us" and this time when Maggie laughed Jane noticed how green her eyes were. "If you've only just moved to the village then I'm guessing you haven't made too many friends yet?"

"Not many, no. I've joined the book group but they all seem to be a bit, well a bit, how can I put it...."

"FRUMPY!" Maggie finished for her before taking a long slurp from her beer "I used to be a member but the book choices were all so tame and then the talk would always turn to something as thrilling as knitting or cooking or children; not my cup of tea either."

"So what do you do Maggie?"

"For a living? Not a lot at the moment; officially I'm semi retired but I'm erring more on the retired side at the moment, maybe I'll change my mind when the summer's over. I used to be in investment banking and luckily I got out just before the shit hit the fan, now I run a few people's stock portfolios for them and the commission from that coupled with my own shares provide me with a decent income; I also do some consultancy work when the mood takes me."

"You have a beautiful garden – the views are awesome!"

"I know, it's what made me buy the house. Do you know that because of the aspect of the hill I can look over two thirds of the village from up here without anyone seeing me! It suits my slightly hermit / voyeuristic nature; I even bought the field next door to make sure no one could develop it and disturb my peace."

They chatted easily for the next hour or so with Sammy lazing happily on the blanket, until the sun started to go down and the air turned chilly.

"Maggie I really should be going, I've taken up too much of your time already. Thanks so much for the beer and nibbles, chasing that dog is going to land me in hospital with a heart attack one of these days."

"Will you be walking him tomorrow? I was wondering if I could tag along? I love walking but it always seems more enjoyable if you've got company and a dog always seems to make it more fun too."

"Yes of course, I usually take him out at about 4ish, shall I call in for you on my way, I only live just the other side of the field on Flemming Lane."

"That would be great! The gate locks automatically so in case I don't hear you take this key and you can come straight in through the back gate."

Jane pocketed the key, put the dog on his lead and walked cheerfully across the field, thanking Sammy for helping her make her first proper friend in the village – she was damned sexy too!

At 4 the next afternoon Jane arrived at the gate, key in hand. For some reason she felt nervous about just letting herself in but as she'd been instructed to do just that, she tentatively turned the key in the lock.

There was no sign of Maggie as they walked around the back of the house but the patio doors were open, so Jane stuck her head in and called out. There was nothing but silence from inside the house so she stepped inside and called out again.

'Sorry Jane, I didn't realise the time! I'm in the back, come on through. I need to get cleaned up, I won't keep you a minute.'

Jane walked into the house, Sammy wagging furiously at the sound of Maggie's voice and pulling at the lead until they found themselves in a light, spacious room full of art supplies. There were canvasses, paints and easels everywhere, with a small potting wheel in one corner.

Jane walked around the walls looking at the pictures that were leaning against every available space, in awe of the talent that had managed to capture these amazing scenes with such detail and vibrancy.

Suddenly she stopped dead. The picture she was looking at wasn't a landscape but a portrait of an incredibly beautiful woman, reclining in a bath. The woman was covered by water, only exposed from the top of her breasts upwards with one knee rising out of the water but the picture was intensely erotic.

'Hey, sorry to have kept you – I had to go and wash the paint off my hands' and Maggie walked over to Jane and greeted her with a gentle kiss on the cheek.

'No problem' mumbled Jane, feeling like a voyeur at being caught ogling the woman in the picture 'Did you do all of these? They're amazing!' she enthused, noticing the flush of pleasure rising on Maggie's face at the compliment.

'Just a hobby of mine; didn't have much time when I worked but I'm enjoying getting back into it. I see you've found Grace.'

'She's beautiful. I mean the picture is beautiful. Well I guess I mean both. Who is she?'

'I don't know; she's a real person but I've never spoken to her. I saw her face in the street one day and she captured my imagination – that picture was the result. Needless to say it's mostly from imagination since she wasn't naked or in a bath when I saw her.'

Jane looked at Maggie curiously, wondering if the inference she was picking up was accurate or just wishful thinking. She couldn't help studying Maggie's eyes as she scrutinised her own picture and she was sure she saw longing in them.

Then she got caught looking and suddenly Maggie was laughing at her, causing her to turn away quickly in embarrassment as if her every thought was written on her features.

'I'm sorry Jane, I didn't mean to embarrass you' as she took her elbow and forced her to turn her face back 'but I'm not sorry I caught you looking. I like you and I think we could be friends but you should know that I'm gay. You should also know that I find you attractive and if that spooks you out then please say so. I'm too long in the tooth to pretend to be something I'm not and I don't play games; I won't be crippled if you decide to turn around and walk out but I hope you won't.'

Jane laughed at Maggie's frank admission and lifted her eyes to meet her gaze.

'Spooked by you being gay?' she chuckled 'no, just spooked by the fact that every time I check you out you catch me!' and now both women were laughing hard.

'Come on – lets take that walk, we can chat and get to know each other better'

They walked for hours across the rolling countryside, Sammy bounding along ahead of them, weaving in and out of the hedgerows as they discussed their lives so far.

Jane admitted to being bisexual but with a current leaning toward women and told Maggie of her previous fleeting relationships with women while at university. Of how her marriage had ended in an amicable divorce because they had grown apart and wanted different things from life, boredom finally driving them to separate.

She'd been a sales manager for many years and although she found it dull, her career had been going well until the company had been bought out and she'd opted for voluntary redundancy. Now she was deliberately taking some time out to re-evaluate her life and direction, fortunately funded by the redundancy and her share from the sale of her marital home.

Maggie in turn shared much about her life. She had always known that she was gay; finally admitting it to herself and the world at large after a few brief and disastrous relationships with men in her late teens.

Not being one to live a lie she had always been open about her sexuality and this hadn't helped in the male dominated banking world, although eventually she had been accepted fully due to her work ethic and proven ability.

She had lived in London while working but always yearned for the rural lifestyle of her youth, so she and her long term partner of 8 years had started looking for a country retreat for weekends. Unfortunately cancer had claimed her lover before they ever managed to realise their dream.

That had been 5 years ago and now and at the age of 44 Maggie finally felt as if she could start to move on with her life again.

Eventually they were walking down the lane that contained Jane's little cottage, Sammy obediently walking at heal as if he did it all of the time until they reached Jane's gate, where he jumped up at Maggie almost knocking her off balance.

'I think he's trying to invite you in for a glass of wine'

'Well then, if Sammy's inviting me how could I refuse?'

Strangely, while walking and talking for hours Jane had felt completely at ease and the slight sexual tension Jane had felt in Maggie's house had completely disappeared, however once they were inside again Jane felt slightly shy.

She ushered Maggie onto the sofa, fed Sammy and poured them both generous glasses of a deep and fruity Merlot, joining Maggie on the sofa, suddenly feeling at a loss for words.

'Is this a comfortable silence or an awkward pause?' 

Jane looked up into Maggie's eyes, registering the slight concern she saw there.

'I don't know' admitted Jane 'how do you see it?'

'I think that now we're in your personal space rather than in the wide open, you've remembered that I'm attracted to you and you're either working out how to let me down gently or wondering how to take the next step.'

'Bloody hell!' Jane snorted 'you have to be the most straight talking woman I've ever known!'

'No point in keeping secrets, they only come back and bite you on the arse' grinned Maggie 'but I'm right, aren't I?'

'Yes, ok you're right – smart arse! but you're obviously not as clever as you think. If I wasn't attracted to you, you wouldn't keep catching me checking you out, would you?'

The two women looked at each other seriously until both their faces cracked with smiles and they burst out laughing, the tension ebbing away and leaving them comfortable with each other once more.

'So, does that mean that if I was to shuffle a little closer on this sofa, and maybe try to kiss you, that you wouldn't run away screaming?' teased Maggie with a raised eyebrow

'Hmmm I'm not sure. I guess you'll just have to try it to find out.'

Both women put their glasses down and Jane turned toward Maggie as she slid herself across the leather sofa until their knees were touching.

They looked into each other's eyes for a moment until Maggie slowly moved her head and brought her lips to within an inch of Jane's.

'Now's the time to run honey' and she gently brushed her lips across Jane's, who sighed as if in relief.

'Ok?' 

'Still not sure, you better try it again just to be on the safe side'

This time Maggie kissed her more firmly, her lips staying longer and exerting more force before once again pulling back and looking enquiringly into Jane's eyes.

'I think it's ok but I still need some more convincing' said in the most serious voice she could muster under the circumstances.

'You asked for it!' and Maggie slid her hand into the hair at the base of Jane's neck and drew her toward her, claiming her mouth and licking gently at her lips until they parted, allowing Maggie's tongue free access to roam and explore. Jane was no mere observer in this kiss – she returned it passionately, suddenly remembering how soft and sweet and sensuous it could be to kiss another woman, losing herself in the feelings Maggie was provoking.

'Mmmmm that was nice.' purred Jane 'I'd forgotten what that felt like.'

'Being kissed or being kissed by a woman?'

'Both; but especially being kissed by a damn sexy woman with soft, sweet lips like yours. Do it again – please.'

Jane had no concept of time passing; all thoughts eradicated by the sensation of kissing Maggie, until on opening her eyes she noticed it was starting to get dark. She unravelled her arms from around Maggie's neck and sat back, looking at her new friend in the half light and seeing the look of contentment on her face.

The room had started to grow chilly as the late summer evening descended and she noticed goosebumps on her arms, although she wasn't sure if they were caused by the cool air or the kisses.

It had so sweet; unhurried, unpressured, no fumbling or pawing at each other – just kissing, and it had been wonderful.

Maggie stroked the side of Jane's face with her thumb, looking at her almost sorrowfully. 

'Although I'd love to keep doing this all night, I have a rare appointment with one of my investment clients this evening; I really need to leave.'

'That's a shame, I was about to ask you to stay for dinner.'

'I tell you what – how about I pick you up here at 7pm tomorrow evening and take you out for dinner. I know it sounds corny but I'd like to take you out on a date, would that be ok?'

Jane smiled, her disappointment at Maggie leaving evaporating instantly.

'Sounds lovely, where are we going and what should I wear?'

'Something comfortable, nothing too formal. You'll look lovely in anything you wear.' and with that she kissed Jane once more and was gone down the lane, disappearing into the increasing gloom of the darkening evening with a wave.

Jane woke the next morning with the remnants of a dream floating in her head. A dream where she was kissing a beautiful woman who was soft and fragrant – holy shit! Not a dream but a memory!

Then she remembered about their date tonight, leapt out of bed and into the shower before tossing every item of clothing she owned onto her bed, trying to decide what to wear.

The day dragged by interminably slowly. She tried to carry on as normal but thoughts of Maggie kept invading her brain and she couldn't help wondering if they'd end up in bed. She hadn't had any kind of sexual encounter in far too long and was undeniably horny – still, sometimes waiting and enjoying the anticipation was nice too.

She managed to get through the day without calling Maggie, walked Sammy a bit early and returned to the house in plenty of time to get ready. She took a long, leisurely bath, shaved her legs and arm pits (just in case) and then wondered if she should shave her pussy.

She knew other women did it, had heard that it heightened sensation but she was too afraid. What if she didn't do it right? What if 'tonight was the night' and she was crippled with shaving rash? No, tonight she would just be neatly trimmed.

Eventually she settled on wearing a pair of loose fitting, midnight blue silk trousers with a white shirt that she knew was slightly see through and after checking herself in the mirror, decided to remove her bra. She liked the effect. Her boobs were small enough to get away with being unfettered and you could just see the outline of her nipples through the fabric – perfect!

At precisely 7pm the bonnet of a sleek, black Mercedes pulled up to the gate; it wasn't until Jane rounded the hedge that she realised that it wasn't just any Mercedes – it was a limousine! The driver was just climbing out of the car and as he opened the back door for Jane she could smell Maggie's perfume.

She peered into the interior of the car to find Maggie sat right at the back, reclined on the huge seat, talking on her mobile. She grinned at Jane and waved her into the car and onto the seat beside her, mouthing apologies for the phone call.

A couple of minutes later Maggie hung up the phone, took Jane's hand and looked deeply into her eyes before leaning forward and kissing her. Jane had been looking forward to this moment all day and she instantly felt her body respond to the intimacy, her pussy tingling and her nipples jumping to attention.
