 The next morning Riley woke up just before the alarm went off. She could hear her mom in the bathroom getting ready for work. Feeling the urgent call of nature, Riley got up and went to the bathroom. She knocked lightly on the closed door.

"Mom. I need to go. Can I come in?" asked Riley.

"Sure thing," said Heather.

Heather was in her panties and nothing else standing in front of the mirror applying her make-up. Many people often mistook her for Riley's older sister. Her breasts were still firm and not a bit of sagginess anywhere on her body. Riley once overheard a group of boys at school calling her mom a MILF. Heather got a real kick out of that once Riley explained what a MILF was to her.

Riley squeezed behind her mom and sat down on the toilet. 

"Everything okay down there?" asked Heather as she patted her cheekbones with powder. 

"I'm fine," answered Riley a little startled by the question.

"That's good. I was a little worried that I may have gone too big with your toy."

Riley finished up on the toilet and said, "No. It's great."

"Well just make sure you finish up in here next time, because I am not always going to be around to finish you off like I did last night."

Laced with sarcasm Riley said, " That is really funny."

Heather had finished her make-up and went into the bedroom to finish getting ready for work. Ten minutes later she was dressed, coffee in hand, and out the door. Riley on the other hand took her time getting ready. Her ride would not be there for another forty minutes. She went to her dresser and laid out her clothes.

Seniors had a relaxed dress code at Wilson High School and she took full advantage of it. Riley opened her dresser and pulled out a red long sleeve loungewear t-shirt and her black loungewear pants with a drawstring. She knew she wore this outfit too often but she already knew she was not going to win any fashion awards and besides it was comfortable. She opened her underwear drawer and pulled out a sports bra and briefs made from a cotton spandex blend. Riley loved the fact that they offered a little compression which helped soften the appearance of nipples and clit.

She stripped out the tank top and panties she had worn to bed. Before getting dressed Riley walked over to her mother's full length. Standing nude in front of the mirror she scrutinized her body. Her skin was naturally tan. That was the only gift she ever got from her Latin father. From her mother she got her dark hair and eyes. Years of playing sports had given her excellent muscle tone and not an once of fat. The only thing that was out of proportion to her five foot four body were her breasts. They were 38 C's and her nipples were a very dark shade of brown. She teased them slightly until they stood out about an inch and then slide her hands down over the soft outline of her six pack abs. She looked beautiful but like too many teenagers she was still self conscience about her body.

After getting dressed, Riley went to the kitchen and had a bowl of cereal and a glass of orange juice. Realizing she had only a few minutes until her ride showed up. Riley quickly packed her gym bag and raced out the door.

School was uneventful. There was a pop quiz in her Chemistry class but she did okay even though she had not finished her reading assignment last night. The last period of the day she had English and Doug Walsh sat in front of her. Seeing him reminded her of the conversation her and her mother had the night before. All during class she kept wondering if his mother had his underwear specially made too.

After English class, Riley stopped by her locker to drop off her books and to pick up her gym bag. On the way to the old gym she met up with two of her teammates, Ashley and Maria. Both of them had a wild streak which often gotten them into trouble. Maria was also the team captain. On the way to locker room they talked about there upcoming game with the Anderson Blue Jays that upcoming Friday.

The rest of the team was already in the locker room getting ready for practice. Riley opened the padlock on her locker and started unpacking her gym bag. It was then she realized she had forgotten to pack an extra set of underwear for after practice. She quietly cursed herself for being so forgetful and decided that she was just going to have to go commando after practice. Riley threw on her practice uniform and joined her teammates for practice.

The practice did not go well for Riley. Ms. Pritchard started them off running laps. Then she had the team work on a new passing drill. Riley was usually good at picking up the new drills but today was different. She kept making mistakes and messing up the rhythm of the rest of team. Ms. Pritchard kept the whole team late running more laps and then had Riley run the bleachers. Once Ms. Pritchard was satisfied that Riley had learned her lesson, she was released to hit the showers.

Her teammates had almost a ten minute head start in the showers so Riley had to hurry if she was going to have any hot water for her shower. She stopped at her locker for only a moment to disrobe and went for the showers not even taking the time to grab her shower sandals. All of the girls had finished their showers and were toweling off. When Riley turned on the water it was not just cold it was freezing. The water hitting her skin felt like needles. One of the girls laughed when she saw Riley jump away from the icy spray. 

Ashley yelled from the locker room, "Cold enough for you, Riley!"

Riley bit her lower lip and stepped back under the freezing cold water and yelled back, "It is just the way I like it!"

While Riley was soaping up she flinched when she touched her nipples. The cold had turned them as hard as stone and they standing out further than she had ever seen them. The water had the same effect on her clit which had swollen so large that it was spreading her pussy lips apart exposing her pink inner folds. Riley finished rinsing out her hair and went to her locker. Most of the girls were almost finished dressing so they took the time to get a good look at Riley. Then even started crowding around her for a closer look.

Ashley leaned in closer to Riley and announced, " Riley's nipples are huge. I have never seen anything like them. They are like those big marshmallows!"

"No, they are more like chocolate bonbons," said Carrie as she reached out and squeezed Riley's right nipple.

"Knock it off!" protested Riley.

Carrie gave Riley's frozen nipple one last squeeze before letting go. All the girls were gawking now. Riley tried to ignore them and continued to dry herself off. 

"Come on Riley, we are just having some fun. Don't get mad," said Ashley.

"I bet Riley has some fun with that," said Tina as she pointed at Riley's huge clit, "Look, it is bigger than my thumb."

Riley wrapped her towel around herself and said, "You are really embarrassing me. Please stop."

Maria stepped forward and said, " We will stop but first you have to do something."

Riley turned toward Maria and asked, "What do you want me to do?"

"Ms. Pritchard is still in her office. We dare you to have her examine you," said Maria.

"Examine me for what?"

"Just tell her you have been feeling strange down there and you think you need a check-up."

"How will we now she went through with it?" asked one of the girls.

"Simple, I will go with her," answered Maria.

Riley looked at Maria and the rest of the girls and realized they were serious about the dare. Riley wrapped her towel tighter around herself and said, "Alright, I will do it but all of you better promise to leave me alone."

Riley headed for the locker room door and Maria raced after her. Once outside in the gym, Maria grabbed Riley's arm.

"You don't really have to do this. We were only playing around," said Maria.

"No, we are going to do this," said Riley defiantly and she turned and continued across the gym floor wearing only her towel. Maria could only follow.

Ms. Pritchard was behind her desk when Riley and Maria entered her office. She had been reviewing the stats for the most likely starters for the Lady Blue Jays. Even if she refused to admit it, even to herself, they were better than her girls. She took a moment to rub her eyes before looking up to see who was in her office. She was a little surprised when she did.

"Riley! Why are you not dressed?" asked Ms. Pritchard looking at Riley wearing only a towel.

Riley pretended to look apprehensive and said, " Ms. Pritchard I think I have a problem with my," as she meekly pointed between her legs.

"What kind of problem?"

"It is hard to describe. I just feels different."

"I am not really qualified to perform that kind of exam," admitted Ms. Pritchard.

Riley shifted slightly on feet and said, "You are a nurse. Could you just take a look to make sure that everything is okay?"

She had been completely fooled by Riley's little performance. "Alright. As long as you know that if I find something wrong I am going to refer you to a gynecologist," said Ms. Pritchard as she got up to close her office's window blinds. 

Ms. Pritchard turned to Maria and said, "I think you probably should leave us. I am sure Riley is going to want some privacy."

"Ms. Pritchard, I want her to stay. I am kind of nervous," said Riley.

Ms. Pritchard shrugged her shoulder and went the old gray filing cabinet in the corner of her office to find Riley's medical file. Maria gave Riley an evil look once Ms. Pritchard's back was turned.

"Since you are going to stay you can assist. Riley, please hop up on the exam table and Maria help her with the stirrups," said Ms. Pritchard as she searched through her files.

Riley climbed onto the exam table and parted her towel. Maria smirked as she pulled out the stirrups and deliberately set them as far apart as they would go. Riley smirked back as she let Maria guide her bare feet into them. Being very limber allowed her to settle into them and still be comfortable.

After finding Riley's file, Ms. Pritchard turned around to face the two girls. She was not prepared for the scene before her. Riley's legs were spread wide and the lips of her pussy were being pulled open by the stretching which caused every bit of her womanhood to be exposed. She swallowed hard and forced herself to maintain her composure. 

Ms. Pritchard was a lesbian. She had always kept that side of her life separate from work and never allowed it become an issue. Now she was glad that Maria had stayed because there was no denying that she was tempted by Riley's nude body.

"Riley, I am going to start with an external examination. Just try and relax," said Ms. Pritchard as she came alongside the exam table.

Using her fingertips she gentle probed around Riley's lower abdomen. Maria had taken a curious interest in the procedure and asked, " What are you looking for?"

"I am trying to determine if Riley's ovaries are swollen or tender."

"Are they okay?" asked Maria.

"They seem to be fine." answered Ms. Pritchard.

Ms. Pritchard left Riley's side and jotted a few notes in Riley's file. She pulled on a set of latex gloves and said, " I am going to examine your genitals now. If you get uncomfortable at any point, let me know and we will stop."

"Okay, I'm ready," said Riley.

Ms. Pritchard moved between Riley's legs. Sitting on a low stool put Riley's pussy at eye level for her. Riley could almost feel Ms. Pritchard's hot breathe on her. Slowly, Ms. Pritchard began to slide her fingers along Riley's gapping pussy. Gently she kneaded the soft pink flesh, feeling for anything unusual. Maria watched closely and quickly found herself getting turned on. Finding nothing out the ordinary, Ms. Pritchard turned her attention to Riley's clit.

"I am going to examine your clitoris now. I am sure you are going to be sensitive so I am going to be careful."

Ms. Pritchard placed her fingertip against Riley's clit. Riley flinched at the direct contact. Her finger barely cover half of it. Slowly she applied pressure to the pink bundle of nerves. Riley inhaled deeply and started to squirm against her finger. Seeing Riley's body start to tense from a pending orgasm she let off. 

"Riley, I am going to pulled your hood back so I can take a look at your entire clitoris," said Ms. Pritchard.

Using her thumb and index finger she pinched the soft skin and pulled it back. It was completely obvious that Riley was getting aroused. Her clit was becoming engorged with blood causing it to grow even larger.

"Should it be that large? Mine is not nearly that size," asked Maria.

"A clitoris can be very large, like Riley's, or it can be very tiny. Riley has your clitoris always been this large?" asked Ms. Pritchard.

"Yes, it started growing when I hit puberty but it stopped growing about two years ago."

Ms. Pritchard looked up at Riley. It was clear that Riley was starting to enjoy this. Her skin was starting to get flushed and she was breathing faster. Riley's nipples were even erect. Secretly she wondered if she could get Riley to orgasm.

"I am going to start the internal portion of the exam. You are going to feel some pressure as I push against your vaginal wall," said Ms. Pritchard as she squeezed a small amount of lubricant to her fingers.

Using two fingers she gradually went deeper and deeper into Riley's folds. Her moving fingers made squishing noises. Riley was so wet that it started trickling down onto the exam table. At first she was not sure but Ms. Pritchard but she was sure now that Riley was pushing back against her fingers. She continued to probe her depths until Riley suddenly gasped and arched her back.

"Looks like I found her G spot."

She pushed her fingers back over the spot again but this time let her fingers linger. This time Riley pushed her hips down hard into Ms. Pritchard's fingers. Her legs shook and she gripped the edges of the table until her knuckles went white. 

Ms. Pritchard pulled back and said, "Yes, that is definitely her G spot."

Riley was panting like she had just finished running laps. "Oh my God! That was amazing," she exclaimed. 

"I am sure it was. The G spot is a collection of nerves that amplify the pleasure of intercourse," said Ms. Pritchard.

"Can I try and find it?" asked Maria.

"I do not care what you two do in the locker room," said Ms. Pritchard with a thin smile, "Riley, in my unofficial medical opinion, the discomfort you have been having is the result of being aroused by your clitoris being in contact with your clothing. My recommendation to you is to wear loose fitting panties. Now go on and get out of here."

Riley jumped off the table and wrapped her towel back around herself. Maria opened the door and let Riley head out first. Riley was a few steps ahead of Maria walking back across the gym toward the locker room. Maria moved fast and before Riley heard her coming she already had a handful of Riley's towel. One quick pull and Riley lost her towel. Maria raced across the gym at a full sprint with the towel. Riley was left completely nude standing there in total shock. Maria disappeared through the locker room door.

Riley ran as fast as she could to the door but it was locked from the inside. Riley pounded on the door. All she could hear was Maria laughing from the other side. At any moment someone could come in the gym and she had nowhere to hide. 

"I will let you in but first you have to beg!" yelled Maria through the door. 

"Please Maria, let me in. Someone is going to see me," pleaded Riley.

"You have to get on your knees and truly beg!"

Riley got down on her knees and said, "Please, let me in."

The seconds seemed to crawl by while she waited there on her knees. Riley heard the lock turn and she pushed the door open. She quickly jumped inside and slammed the door behind her. 

"I am sorry. I just could not help myself. It was the perfect opportunity," said Maria still laughing.

Riley pushed past her and went to her locker. Maria slowly came up behind and placed her hands on Riley's shoulders and said, "Please do not be mad at me."

Maria stepped closer to Riley and pressed her body into her. Riley felt a gentle kiss on her neck. Maria's hands moved to Riley's breast and caressed them. Riley did nothing to stop her as Maria's hands moved down her body to her pussy. Riley turned to face Maria and kissed her deeply. Maria wasted not time and started fingering Riley's wet pussy. Riley unbuttoned Maria's jeans and slipped her hand inside. They stood there in the empty locker room embracing each other tightly and exploring each other's body.

It did not take long for Riley to start climaxing. Maria felt it coming and started lifting Riley up by her pussy forcing Riley onto her tip toes. The added pressure sent her past the point of no return. She started convulsing as a massive orgasm assaulted her body. Load grunts filled the locker room as Maria started cumming too. Juices flowed from Riley's pussy and puddled around her bare feet. For a moment they held each other and then collapsed down on to the wooden bench.

"I did know you were a squirter," said Maria as she licked Riley's juices from her fingers.

"Yeah that was really something."

"We should keep this between ourselves. If my boyfriend found out he would probably freak out."

"That would probably be a good idea," agreed Riley.

"Do you need a ride?"

"No. My mom is probably waiting for me," said Riley as she started getting dressed.

Maria grabbed her bag from her locker and started for the door but she stopped and said, "We can do this again if you want."

"I'd like that," said Riley.

Riley finished dressing and headed for the door. She stopped to look at the puddle of her juices on the floor. Figuring the janitor would mop it up later she made her way outside. As she walked down the hallway she started to wonder if what had just happened made her a lesbian. Riley was attracted to men and had had a few boyfriends; however, the sensation of Maria's body against her own had opened up some confusing feelings. 

Heather had parked the truck on the far side of parking lot. Riley came out of the school and waved to her mom. Riley ran across the parking lot. Heather noticed that Riley's breasts were bouncing up and down more than usual as she ran. As she got closer it was apparent that Riley was not wearing a bra. Riley climbed inside the truck and said, "Hi Mom, sorry I am late."

Looking at her daughter, Heather could not help but notice Riley's nipples through her shirt and asked, "Did you forget something today?"

"Yeah I forgot to pack any underwear for after practice."

"Just make sure that it does not become a habit. I do not want to start getting calls from the school because of your exhibitionism"

"I think I like it."

Heather just rolled her eyes and asked while putting the truck into drive, "How was practice?"

Riley paused for a moment and answered, "It was very satisfying."

Heather just looked at Riley with a puzzled look and decided to just let it go.