 This is my second submission to Literotica and I would really appreciate your comments and feedback.

I think this story may well lend itself to further instalments.




Saturday morning. I awoke early and had breakfast before getting ready to leave the house. All the time I felt the excitement and anticipation building inside me.

Today I was starting a part-time job at a local shoe shop in the town. Nothing exciting about that you might think but I was hoping that this job would give me the chance to fulfil some of my wildest fantasies.

I was 20 years old and a student at the local business school. I had recently completed my final exams in business studies and was waiting for the results which were due in about 8 weeks. I was still living at home with my parents but, if I passed my exams, a family friend had promised me a job in London. In the meantime I was working 4 nights a week waitressing at a local restaurant. This earned me enough money for nights out, etc. but when I saw the Saturday job advertised in the shoe shop I didn't hesitate – this wasn't about earning money, this was about acting out my fantasies.

I was about 5'9" in height (tall for a girl) with short, bobbed blonde hair. I had long legs and a good figure, courtesy of the dance lessons I had been taking since I was little. I was pleased with my body and knew that others found me attractive. The thought that boys (or girls!) were attracted to me was a real turn-on and had probably contributed to my pronounced exhibitionist tendency; in short, I got off on 'accidentally' exposing myself to others.

It had been like this for years. At school when the older girls played netball we generally attracted an audience of boys who would stand ogling us as we played. On these occasions I would always wear the shortest netball skirt I could get away with and would leap about energetically, seemingly lost in the game, but secretly aware that every time my skirt flipped up the spectators were getting a good look at my pants and bottom! I grew taller but kept the same skirt until the hem was practically level with my crotch and I was spending the whole game with my underwear on display until the sports teacher ordered me to wear a longer skirt. It was a huge turn-on and I could barely concentrate on the game knowing that all those eyes were feasting on the sight of my bottom. Often I would finish the game with damp panties and when I removed them in the changing rooms would find the crotch stained with my cum.

The shoe shop seemed to me to offer the perfect opportunity for a little flashing but this wasn't the only thing that attracted me to the job.

The manageress was a woman called Rachel Harper. She was a few years older than me, around 26 or 27 and her family was quite well known in the town. Her father owned 3 or 4 shoe shops in the area and he had placed Rachel in charge of this shop. In a small town like ours everyone knows everyone else's business and it was no secret that Rachel was a lesbian. 

She was an attractive woman, about 5'4" with dark, bobbed hair, brown eyes and a fantastic figure that she didn't try to hide in her tight skirt and blouse. When I entered the shop and asked about the job I found myself staring at her cleavage. The edge of her lacy bra was peaking above her blouse and I couldn't stop myself from wondering whether she was wearing matching panties. I could sense that she found me attractive too and I was offered the job there and then.

For some time now I had found myself increasingly attracted to other women. What had started as bi-curiosity had moved towards full-on lesbianism. I was increasingly disinterested in boys and at college I had fantasised many times about some of the girls on my course. I lacked the courage to try anything on with them but surely this Saturday job would provide me with the opportunity to fulfil my desires?

I took a long shower and then dressed for work. The shop had a dress code which was fortunately the same as my waitressing job so I didn't need to buy any new clothes. The uniform was white blouse, black skirt or trousers and black shoes. My blouse was quite sheer which meant that my white bra would be completely visible through the thin material. I had deliberately chosen an unpadded bra to give just a tantalising hint of my dark nipples. The skirt was very tight and rather short the hem finishing a good 6" above my knees. Underneath I wore a sheer white thong. I am a natural size 10 but I had bought these deliberately a size smaller; the material was practically see through and, although there was a small triangle of cotton at the crotch which just preserved my modesty, my neatly trimmed bush was clearly visible. The back string was pulled deep into the cleft of my bottom; a tiny triangle of material peeking just above my buttocks, and the front panel was obscenely tight around my crotch, the elasticated sides digging into the flesh of my hips. 

I wriggled into the skirt and closed the zipper at the side and then checked myself out in the mirror. The skirt was skin tight the black material stretched across my thighs and backside offering a great view of my round bottom. So tight was the skirt that the outline of my thong panties was just visible from behind. I practised moving in the skirt, bending down and then squatting down on my haunches, legs bent and knees together. I was pleased to note that the action of squatting caused the hem of my skirt to rise, exposing a little more of my thighs. I had shaved my legs to perfection; the weather was warm and I had no intention of wearing tights. A pair of black patent shoes with a short heel completed my outfit. Finally, a few dabs of my favourite perfume and I was ready to go.   

Slinging my bag over my shoulder I left the house and set off for work. It was about a 15 minute walk to the town centre and although there was a regular bus service I decided the walk would do me good. I strode along taking short, quick steps, every step causing my ass to jiggle within the tight confines of my skirt. It must have been a wonderful sight for anyone following me!

I arrived at the shop at 08:45 and let myself in through the back door. I was the first to arrive except for Rachel who was in the rear of the shop. She was wearing a white blouse and a pair of extremely tight black trousers which showed off her round bottom. Her white bra was once again clearly visible through her sheer blouse. She greeted me as I entered looking pleased to see me.

"Good morning Heather" she smiled "nice to see you here bright and early and ready to go."

"Good morning Miss Harper" I replied "I wasn't sure how long it would take me to get here so I set off early."

"Please call me Rachel" she replied. Her eyes were sweeping over me taking in my sheer blouse and my tight black skirt. It was obvious that she liked what she saw.

"The other 2 girls will be here any time now but we have a little rule here. The new girl gets to make the first cup of coffee" she went on "the kitchen is just down the corridor and I'll have mine white with no sugar."

I went to make the coffee. The kitchen was a small room with a sink, a kettle and a fridge. I filled the kettle and started it to boil. As I prepared the drinks Rachel appeared in the doorway and stood looking at me. I decided to give her something to look at and I reached into the fridge for the milk. In doing so I bent at the waist giving her a great view of my bottom, the black material of my skirt stretched tight across my perfect ass.

I could feel her eyes scrutinising my rump and when I stood up and turned round I could swear that she was looking slightly flushed.   

Just then the 2 other girls who worked in the shop arrived and we were introduced. Their names were Kate and Michelle. They were both about my age and attractive girls. They were however dressed far more conservatively than Rachel and I. This pleased me as I wanted Rachel to be lusting after me not them. The way she was looking at me I reckoned she was already mentally undressing me, probably trying to imagine what hidden delights lay beneath my clothes. If I had my way it wouldn't be long before she found out what was up my skirt!  

At 09:00 the shop opened for business and I was soon into the swing of things. The shop was lined with shelves around all 4 walls displaying the many pairs of shoes that were for sale. In the middle of the room were a number of padded benches where the customers would site to try on the shoes. Below the shelves running along at floor level were a number of angled mirrors which allowed the customers to inspect the shoes after they had been fitted. These mirrors were key to my plans.

Typically, a customer would select a pair of shoes and would then take a seat while I went to the stock room to fetch the shoes in their size. I would then squat down on my haunches, my back to the customer, and help them to remove their shoes before slipping on the new pair. The act of squatting caused my skirt to rise up so that I was now exposing a lot of leg. 

It soon became obvious that I was getting a lot of attention from Rachel. On several occasions I noticed her standing nearby watching me at work. She tried not to make it obvious but it was clear that she was enjoying ogling my legs and I found the thought deliciously arousing.

At first I kept my knees tight together but as the morning went on my knees started to ache slightly from the constant squatting. This gave me the opportunity to adjust my position. It was time to give Rachel a real eyeful.

The next customer I served I squatted down in the usual manner. This time however I placed my right knee on the floor, ostensibly to relieve the ache in my knee. My left foot remained on the floor as before but my new position caused my skirt to rise up even higher so that by now the hem was only an inch or two below my crotch. Very slowly, in an almost absent minded way, I allowed my left knee to fall to the side. As my legs parted my skirt was hitched up even higher. Best of all though, because of where I was positioned I was reflected in one of the angled mirrors. The customer and anyone else stood in the right place could see right up my skirt to get a great view of my exposed crotch!

I glanced at my reflection in the mirror. Christ what a display I was giving. The hem of my skirt was so high that there was plenty of daylight getting up there and my tiny white panties were clearly visible. The tiny v of cotton just about covered my vagina but my neatly trimmed pubic bush was clearly visible through the sheer fabric.

Suddenly I could sense that I was being watched. Sure enough as I glanced quickly at the mirror I saw Rachel stood close by looking intently at the mirror enjoying the sight of my exposed panties. As far as she knew I was doing this totally by accident and I could imagine how aroused she would be at the sight of me 'accidentally' exposing my cunt to the whole shop! The thought of this was a real turn-on for me and I felt my clitoris stir and my vagina begin to moisten with excitement. 

I kept this up throughout the morning working hard, serving customers and 'accidentally' exposing my crotch to the world. Several times I noticed (mostly male) customers standing and enjoying the sight of my panties. This was highly arousing and soon I was having all sorts of problems in my pants. My nipples were hard with desire and had begun to poke through my unpadded bra and the thin material of my blouse. This got me even more stares which only turned me on more. Soon my panties were damp with my cum and as I squatted down to serve my latest customer I glanced at my crotch reflected in the mirror. Sure enough there was a tell-tale dark patch of wetness clearly visible in the cotton v of my pants. How long would it be before the scent of my arousal became obvious?

At around 10:30 we were allowed a break and we took turns to grab a quick cup of coffee. Afterwards I resumed work but at around 11:30 the combined effects of 2 large mugs of coffee began to tell and I was starting to need the loo.

By this time the shop was extremely busy and I soldiered on but by 12:00 I was getting desperate and I approached Rachel.

"Excuse me Rachel" I smiled "could I just be excused for a minute? I just need to use the toilet."  

To my slight surprise I saw a strange look come into her eyes as if her heart had suddenly skipped a beat. She seemed to be weighing up her response, deciding what to say. Then she spoke.

"Well Heather we are a little busy right now. If you don't mind I'd prefer it if you could wait just a little longer until things die down a bit."

"OK no problem" I replied cheerfully and went back to work. I noticed her looking at me with renewed interest. What was she up to? Kate and Michelle had both been allowed to take toilet breaks straight away even though we were busy and yet she had asked me to work on. I had no doubt why this was; she was clearly getting off on the thought of me desperately needing to pee and was deliberately denying me relief.

Desperation was the right word. What started as mild discomfort had pretty soon developed into a frantic need to urinate. The waistband of my skirt was extremely tight and the constant bending and squatting was placing a terrible strain on my aching bladder. Soon there was a noticeable bulge in the front panel of my skirt. I was slightly embarrassed to have to ask again but if I didn't get to the toilet soon I was going to piss in my knickers!

I finished serving my customer and then once again approached Rachel. It was now 12:30. "Rachel" I implored "I'm sorry, I know how busy we are but I'm desperate for a wee and I really need to use the loo now."

She couldn't hide her delight at my predicament but she apologised as if the matter had completely slipped her mind. "You poor girl I'm so sorry" she exclaimed "you must be absolutely dying to pee; by all means take a break."

I thanked her and darted into the back of the shop. The staff toilet was down a corridor next to the kitchen area and consisted of a single WC. As I scurried down the corridor I stumbled slightly which caused me to lose control momentarily and a small squirt of urine escaped me soaking into my skimpy thong briefs. At last I entered the tiny room and locked the door. 

As I prepared to unzip my skirt I suddenly heard a creak on the floor outside. Looking down I saw a shadow fall on the light coming under the door. Someone was clearly outside the door preparing to listen to me taking a pee. And I didn't have to think too hard to figure out who it was.

"The bitch" I thought grinning to myself "she's deliberately made me wait until I'm bursting and now she wants to listen to me tinkle. Well let's give her a little performance."

"Oh god I'm absolutely bursting" I moaned knowing full well she could hear me. I pretended to battle with my zip as if it was caught and I was struggling to get it undone. "Come on, please" I gasped "I'm dying to wee." "Oh god I think I've wet my pants a little" I added imagining her outside the door listening intently and getting off on my desperate battle for relief.

I unzipped my skirt, tugged down my panties and squatting down, started to piss, a hot, powerful stream of urine gushing from me and cascading noisily into the toilet bowl. "Oh god that feels good" I groaned with relief as I emptied my tortured bladder.  

I had been full to bursting and I seemed to pee forever, gasping and groaning loud enough for her to hear but eventually I was finished and I stood up and wiped myself dry. I then began to pull up my panties but before I did I took the opportunity to examine the crotch which was not only heavily soiled with my cream but was slightly wet where I had indeed leaked a little urine. It was only 12:30 and there was over 4 hours to go until the shop closed; and already my pants were stinking of my piss and cum! 

I pulled my panties back up; tugging the crotch firmly between my labia I flushed the loo and exited. 

There she was stood outside in the corridor.  

"Feeling better now?" she smiled innocently. 

"Yes thank you" I replied "I was really desperate – another few minutes and I would have wet myself."

She smiled again but I saw the gleam of excitement in her eyes, presumably at the thought of me pissing my pants.  

I returned to the front of shop and continued to serve customers for the rest of the day. Time and again I crouched down in front of the mirrors, legs apart, flashing my panties to the whole shop. By now Rachel was making no secret of the fact that she found me attractive and she spent virtually the whole day following me around, strategically placing herself in a position to get the best view of my crotch. The whole thing was one long crescendo of erotic torment and by late afternoon my pants were full of cum and my nipples were stiff with pent up sexual desire.

By late afternoon the steady stream of customers had slowed to a trickle. Rachel again asked me to make some coffee so I went into the back of the shop into the small kitchen area. As I stood at the counter Rachel again appeared in the doorway.

"We're pretty quiet out there so I'll give you a hand" she said; "I'll get the milk."

To get to the fridge she needed to get past me. "Excuse me" she smiled and I felt her hands caress my bottom as she squeezed past me and opened the fridge door. She knelt down at the fridge her face only inches away from my crotch. By now my panties were soaking wet and I was certain I saw her nostrils twitch as she caught the scent of my dirty little pants.

Standing up she squeezed past me and again I felt her hands on my bottom. This time her fingers lingered just above my buttocks and I could feel her tracing the outline of my thong through the tight fabric of my skirt. The bitch was really enjoying feeling me up and I felt my clitoris throb with desire.  

At 17:00 the shop was closed and locked and we got ready to leave for the day. We were just about to leave by the back door when Rachel asked me to stay behind.

"Heather I hate to ask you this on your first day but I have to do some stocktaking. Would you mind staying back for a little while to help?"

Kate and Michelle said goodnight and left. As they were leaving I saw them smirk and exchange knowing glances. They clearly knew what Rachel was planning.

I pretended to think for a moment before replying. "OK" I said "I don't have any plans for this evening."

Rachel seemed delighted "good girl" she smiled "I'll give you a lift home once we're done."

She locked the back door and we made our way into the store room. The room was large but cramped and lined from floor to ceiling with shelves on which were hundreds of boxes of shoes. The stocktaking involved me reading out the numbers on the boxes so that Rachel could note them down in a large notebook.

I started at the bottom shelves and made my way around the room reading out the numbers. This involved a lot of bending down and I could feel her eyes staring at my bottom. I got a huge thrill at the thought of her staring lustfully at my backside and again I felt my cunt leaking into my already heavily soiled panties.

After about 15 minutes we had checked out all the stock up to eye level. Rachel went into a small cupboard and returned with a rather old and rickety looking pair of stepladders. Now there was no way she could conceal her lust for me. Her nipples were showing stiff through her blouse and I reckoned her panties were probably just as wet as mine.

She set the stepladder in front of the shelves. "You don't mind do you?" she asked innocently "it's just that I'd really like to get everything checked off tonight."

"No problem" I replied trying to sound casual. In fact my heart was racing with excitement at the thought of having to climb the stepladder in front of her. 
