 First of all, my description is in the story "I thought she was straight". First paragraph. Second, where I live, there are no rules at strip clubs. People can touch the strippers and very, very often do. The strippers can also get totally naked, which almost all strippers do. I'd like to say that when I'm sober, the thought of going to a strip club doesn't really appeal to me. I know, it sounds like denial, but right now (I'm sober at the moment) I would never pay anyone to let me grope their boobs or whatever the stripper decides. I can get more than that for free, and all you end up doing is losing your money and your dignity. 

That said, one night me and my friends got really wasted and went to a strip club. This is partially what I remember and partially what my friend who was completely sober at the time told me. This story actually is kind of romantic, if you overlook the circumstances of how we met. It involves love anyway. So there we were, most of us drunk off our asses, sitting up at the bar by the stage. The group consisted of 5 guys, me, and a straight girl. After a while, the DJ announced a stripper named Heaven and started playing a reggae song. I remember someone saying that it wasn't the type of song you'd associate with stripping, and then everyone went dead silent when the stripper came up on stage. She was so, so hot. She's the kind of girl that if you saw on the street, you just stop whatever you're doing and stare at her because you can't help it and you can't think about anything else until she leaves. Everyone I looked at literally had their mouths hanging open. She was an island girl, with a nice, petite body. She had long, dark, straight hair and just an absolutely gorgeous face and eyes that I actually lost myself in. Before that night, I thought that was just a phrase but it happened with her. I seriously couldn't find anything wrong with her appearance, and I tried just to see if I could do it. Later on, everyone in the group agreed that she was the hottest stripper they'd ever seen, and probably one of the hottest girls they'd ever seen period. She was just really, really beautiful. I almost reverted back to being sober because of her hotness. She wasn't a stereotypical stripper, though, she didn't seem trashy or anything. If I had seen her at the mall, I would have never thought, "Yeah she's a stripper." She didn't seem innocent, exactly, just like she wasn't easy. 

At one point in the middle of her dancing, out of nowhere she just came up to me and asked me my name. I don't really remember, I think she said, "Hi, what's your name?"

"Michelle." At this point one of my more intoxicated friends said, "Yeahhh right" and laughed, I guess he was trying to fuck with her, or me, or both.

I think she said her name and she shook my hand right there on stage, then she said, "You're really pretty." I just laughed and said, "Thanks, so are you!" and at this point the friend that earlier had said "Yeah right" decided that it was time to put up a dollar for me. She smiled, then looked at me with this, "Don't freak out" expression, then asked timidly if she could see my boobs. I must have given her a weird look or something because she said, "I'm sorry, they just look so perfect." I was like, "Oh well in that case..." and she lowered my black mesh semi-see thru shirt down so my breasts were on display for everyone in the club. She licked and sucked on my nipples for a really long time, then she unzipped my jeans and stuck the dollar in there. I said something like, "I've never done this before, at a strip club" and she gave me a weird look and said, "Really?" as if everyone did it. Then she totally ignored the dollar that was in my zipper and went down on me through my jeans. I don't remember much of what she did, she took my whole pussy in my mouth and sort of closed her mouth over it and massaged it with her lips. I remember it felt really good, which said something because when I'm drunk, my whole body goes numb. I can't feel a damn thing. A lot of these stories on literotica start out like, "This one time, me and my friend got really drunk and then..." and they have fantastic sex with intense orgasms. That has never happened to me. Drunk sex has always sucked, up until then. After maybe 5 minutes, she actually thanked me and then went back to her dancing. 

My sober friend put up a dollar for the straight girl that was with us, to her total surprise. She's actually very pretty, and maybe if she wasn't straight and if we had become friends under different circumstances there would be chemistry, but the way we are, there just isn't. I thought it was hilarious when Heaven took Jody's hands and put them on her breasts. My friend seemed at a loss for what to do, since as far as I know it was the first time she'd ever felt up another girl. The expression on her face was priceless, I wish they allowed cameras in there. 

I have this bra that a different stripper had thrown at my head several months ago, and she said I could keep it. It stayed in my purse that whole time, since I had no idea what to do with it. I wasn't going to wear it, and I didn't want to give it to a friend, so when my friend said, "Throw the bra at her!" it seemed like a really good idea at the time. I did just that, and she laughed and looked at me and said, "Was that you?" She hung the bra up on a railing on the ceiling and told me to get it. After some encouraging from my friends and the other patrons at the club, I got up on stage. She grabbed me and shoved my back against the pole, then yanked my shirt up above so it was above my chest, and she pulled my jeans down and proceeded to go down on me through my thong right there on stage. I was too drunk to object, but I know I kept this continuous stream of talk about how this is really not a good idea, oh my god what am I doing here, stuff like that. She just laughed and went back to humming on my clit. She finally stopped after maybe 3 or 4 minutes about because the DJ said, and I think these were his exact words, "I hate to interrupt the show, but that's the end of her set. By the way, there are private rooms in the back." That was the only time he'd mentioned anything about private rooms that whole night. 

My friends thought they would like for me to get a private room with everyone's favorite dancer. They all pooled together $60 for 3 songs, but made me go and ask for her after she got off stage. I went up to her and said that I'd like to have a private room with her. She gave me this really huge smile and sort of jumped up and down. 

"So I'm your favorite stripper?" she squealed.

I hadn't really thought about it, and this question was pretty much the last one I expected her to ask. I just told her yes, because I guess she was, and she made some sort of happy noise and hugged me really hard. She took my money and put it in the register, then took my hand and led me to one of the back rooms that I hadn't noticed before. Inside, there was a loveseat and a table with a lamp on it. The room seemed red to me, but maybe I was just wasted.

She then took off all her clothes, which she hadn't done during her act on stage, unlike every other stripper there. I sat down on the loveseat and she sat on my lap naked, straddling me. 

And then we talked. For the entire three songs. With nothing sexual happening at all, except that she was naked and straddling me. I don't remember many specifics, just that we talked about our backgrounds. She did ask me if I was straight, though. 

"What? Are you serious?" I said. I then clarified that I was a lesbian.

She said something like, "I used to be a lesbian, I went out with a girl for two years. But then we broke up because I also started wanting this other guy that I'd broken up with before her. They said I had to pick one of them, but I just wanted to love both of them, but they didn't, so I married the guy." She said that I could be straight if I wanted to though, I was pretty enough. And I had a nice body. That's all I remember of our conversation, but I do remember when it was time to go, she got up and started acting sort of pissed. I didn't know what was wrong, so I just got out of there as fast as I could.

It occurred to me a few days later, "Oh shit. I was supposed to tip her, wasn't I?" She'd wasted a pretty good chunk of her time with me which she could have used to earn more money. I mean, I felt kind of cheated since when I imagined what went on in the private rooms, talking was never really a part of it, but she still deserved a tip for her time. Even though spending $60 for 10 minutes of talking was ridiculous, but hey, it wasn't my money.

The next Thursday night, I threw a party and everybody got really wasted and/or stoned. I was the latter, and I decided that I would go to the strip club and give her her tip. When she came over to me, she hugged me and kissed me on the cheek, then I told her I wanted to give her the tip. Being stoned, I didn't realize that I didn't have money (I had spent all of my cash on weed) until I took out my wallet to give it to her. I apologized profusely, then she said that I could take her out for dinner as payment, but it would have to be an expensive Japanese restaurant. (Her "tip" later added up to $40). Now even as stoned as I was, I realized what was going on here. Up until now, I figured she had just been hitting on me to get more money out of me. I still agreed to do it, if only to be seen in public with someone as beautiful as her. I also felt really guilty. 

That Saturday night we met in the lobby of the hotel where the restaurant is. She'd managed to get the night off, which she later told me was a big deal since Saturday nights are very profitable. She was dressed in a tight red halter top dress, black stilettos, and dangly silver earrings. Red wasn't her color, but she still got us free food from the guy who does the reservations while we were waiting for our table. She turned heads everywhere, and I felt sort of proud that it was me, not them, that was with her that night.

Even though this was the first time I hadn't been under the influence of something in her presence, I was still intoxicated by her presence. She still seemed to like me, but I can't imagine why since I was acting like a total idiot around her. I won't even go into details about our conversation that night, it's too embarrassing, but I guess I did well enough for her to want to hang out with me more. She suggested we buy ice cream at a grocery store and sit on the beach. I couldn't believe this girl, she ate whatever the hell she wanted and as much as she wanted and still had a really nice body. I alternated between being jealous of her and wanting her, although she said the exact same thing to me once. 

We sat on the beach eating ice cream until we couldn't eat anymore, so we gave it to a transvestite prostitute that was looking for business on the beach, of all places. Apparently that beach is the place to go if you're looking for that kind of thing, but I didn't know that until later. We declined his/her offer to go skinny dipping with him/her, and we ended up talking (me and Heaven, minus the transvestite prostitute) until the sun came up. We watched the sun rise over the ocean and listened to the waves lapping against the sand, then she took my face and looked into my eyes, then very gently kissed me. It was the most tender, beautiful, loving moment of my life. Yeah, I know it's really cliché. Shut up.

We decided that we better get home and we made another date for the next weekend, but during the afternoon this time. This went on for a while, us going on dates and her kissing me softly at the end of each date, while we both fell more and more in love. One day when we were driving somewhere, this song that goes "Cuz I'm in love with a stripperrrr" came on. (I hate that song. That one line always, always gets stuck in my head. I just got it stuck in my head by typing it. Good job, Michelle). Anyway, I sang that one line and she looked at me funny.

She said, "Really?" I looked at her as well as I could while I was driving, and said, "Well, actually, sort of, um, yeah. Yeah." She smiled and said, "I wish I could sing you a song." Then she sang along to that song, except it was "I'm in love with Michellllle" which made us laugh. She's really a horrible singer, so I said that that was good enough, she didn't need to sing me a song. We both laughed again, then it hit me what she'd said. "What?" Probably not the most intelligent thing I could have said right then.

"I'm in love with Michelle."

"What?"

"I'm in love with Michelle."

"What? I didn't quite hear you."

"I'm in love with Michelle." She was starting to get annoyed.

I was grinning by now and I said, "Say it again."

She caught on and grinned back, saying, "I'm in love with Michelle. I'm in love with Michelle!" She rolled down her window and yelled at a passing dog, "I'm in love with Michelle, bitch!" The dog looked at her and continued peeing against an old tire. 

Then she looked at me and said seriously, "I love you."

I didn't say anything, but I couldn't help but smile as I drove to the beach where we first ate that ice cream. I always keep some stuff in my trunk just for times like this, and I took out a couple towels and led her by the hand to the same spot where we were that first time. I think she was getting nervous, since this had been by far the longest silence we'd ever had between us unless we were watching a movie, so as I spread out the towels and we sat down on them, she asked me what I was thinking about. 


"Your husband," I told her. 

She was silent for a long time, and I looked over at her. Her face was in profile, and the moonlight made her face glow, but not in a weird, creepy way. I instantly felt a rush of desire sweep over me, but then she said, "Yeah, that's a problem. I do love you, but I still love him too. This is the second time I've done this. Fuck." Then she started crying. This was the first time I'd ever seen her cry, and I never really know what to do when somebody cries. After an awkward moment, I put my arms around her and just held her. She buried her face in my shoulder and cried, it could have been for an eternity or it could have been for a minute. This was the closest contact we'd ever had, except for that first night at the strip club. Like I said, she wasn't easy. She took things very slow.

Some people look horrible when they cry, but she looked exactly the same (meaning Miss Universe material, no exaggeration whatsoever), only with tears. I started kissing her cheeks, kissing her tears away, and after a while they stopped. I started to kiss her cheek again, but she turned her head and my lips met hers instead. Her lips were so soft and warm, and a little salty from her crying. We kissed like that for a while, holding each other and just reveling in the tenderness of the moment but soon we needed more. 

My tongue traced along the lines of her lips as I sucked first her bottom, then her upper lip into my mouth and nibbled a bit. She sighed and I slipped my tongue into her mouth, our tongues slowly exploring each other's taste and feel. My hands caressed her back and the sides of her breasts. Before this, when I'd lay in bed and imagine what our first time would be like, I'd imagined that it would be hard and fast after all this time of wanting her, but it wasn't at all. It was very gentle and slow. As much as I dislike this term, we were making love, not having sex or fucking. 

I put my weight on her until she was laying down under me, and our tongues played with each other and her hands moved all over my back, massaging and rubbing it with her fingers, then moving down to my ass and hips. She pulled my shirt off, sliding her fingers underneath the straps of my bra and caressing my shoulders and upper arms but not taking the bra off. I did the same to her, then I got up and we both took off our shoes and jeans. I got back on top of her and we made out for a while like that, our hands slowly exploring each other's bodies. She unclasped my bra, then slid the straps down, her fingers trailing down my shoulders and arms until the bra came off. I kissed her neck as I removed her bra, and I could feel her nipples poking into my breasts as she sensuously ground her hips against mine through both of our thongs. I broke the kiss and she gently took my breasts and rubbed my nipples against hers. We both let out a low moan at the same time, me feeling jolts of pleasure going from my nipples straight to my clit and I'd imagine that's what she felt too. Luckily we'd chosen a spot that made it hard to see us, but anyone who walked by would be able to hear us. I kissed her again, then kissed my way lower, down to her just-more-than-a-handful breasts. I licked the underside of her breast, then licked from the bottom to the top of it, my tongue passing over her nipple. When she felt my tongue on her nipple she arched her back and gasped, but I quickly moved on. I made lots of short licks all over her entire chest area without touching her nipples until both of her breasts were shining with my saliva. I wiped them down with my hands, careful to avoid her nipples. Her nipples were rock hard, begging me to suck them. When I finally swirled my tongue around her nipple then started sucking on it, she moaned and put her hands on the back of my head, rubbing a little. 

I spent forever on those nipples, rolling them under my tongue and between my fingers, flicking my tongue over it, everything I could think of. I felt her pulling me to go down lower and I didn't resist. I rubbed my cheek against her chest lovingly then kissed her stomach. I lingered on her belly button for a while, dipping my tongue in it and wiggling it a little, then slid my tongue down her abdomen until I got to the top of her thong. She lifted up her hips and I took the thong off, running my fingers down her hips and legs as I did so. She smelled so good I had to taste her, but I wanted to share it with her first. I took one finger and slid it up her slit, then went back up and ran my finger over her lips, spreading her juices on them. She licked her lips as I went back down. This time I used my tongue to spread her juices from her hole to her clit. I flicked the tip of my tongue against her clit, which caused her to go "oooo" and "ohhh". Her hips kept rising up against my face until eventually they rose up and just stayed there. I took her clit in my mouth and rapidly licked around it in circles. Knowing she was about to come, I slipped one finger inside her which sent her over the edge. I could feel her muscles contracting against my finger and at that moment, I understood why men are in such a hurry to be inside a girl. She said, "Oh god Michelle I'm coming for you, I'm coming" which almost made me come without even being touched. 

As her body relaxed, I kissed the front of her bare pussy, then slid my body up hers. My nipples felt every curve and dip of her body, and I loved the feeling of her naked body against my almost naked body. I could feel how hot and wet she was through the material, but she could sense that it wasn't enough. I was involuntarily pushing my hips against hers, since I was turned on almost to the point of being unbearable. She rolled over so she was straddling my stomach, her pussy resting just above my belly button. I put my arms above my head and she started running her fingers very lightly down the length of my body, starting at my palms then going down the insides of my arms, the front of my breasts, my stomach, then she moved and ran her fingers down both sides of my hips and finished at my inner thighs. As she did this my body arched and this made her pussy push against my stomach harder, which turned me on even more. She knelt down between my legs which I had spread almost obscenely wide for her, then very slowly began pulling my thong down. She looked up at me and said, "I really like your thong. Where did you get it?"
