 Hi! I'm Shannon. Shannon Conroy. A very Irish name. Wouldn't ya say? Me name comes from ta river whose circuitous course flows north to south pretty much down ta middle of Ireland, but in truth me name in ta Irish lies deeply imbedded in Celtic mythology in ta Goddess Sinend. In ta "Irish" it's "Sionnain."

I'm now eighteen an' in me first year at an all-girls school in ta East that will go unnamed ta protect its reputation. I was not ta model student ta faculty would have loiked me ta be, but me grades were good enough...better than good enough actually...ta have gotten me enrolled. Ta tell ta truth, I wanted ta model mayself after ta erotic writer Edna St. Vincent Mallay--another "Irish" Colleen--someone who could burn both ends of ta candle for quoite a lang toime. There is, of course, irony in her name. Read her poems an' other wriltings as well as biographies written about her torrid loife, an' you'll soon discover she was anythin' but a saint! She was more a wayward waif of a girl with fair skin set off by luminous red hair, green eyes, an' lips that were said ta be naturally ta colour of roipe cherries, all of which endeared her ta many of her classmates, especially those girls who found it a great pleasure ta "tip the velvet." Ta cherry red lips of her sweet mouth symbolized a woman's nether lips. This made Edna a very sensuous woman, an' so she was sought after by many a girl. An' her two sets of lips received an' gave sexual pleasure.

It is understandable then ta know she was controlled by her sensual passions with both sexes, an' bein' older than most of her classmates, she was with her red hair, green eyes, an' sensually girlish figure irresistible ta many of them to ta point some would actually foight for her attention an' feminine charms. Her natural, magnetic charm made many of ta young girls in ta school vulnerable ta her, so much so, they would do just about anythin' ta enjoy intimate encounters with Edna, includin' goin' down on her red pussy bush an' eatin' her out. In one way this special attention was a form of idol worship, an' Edna reveled in it. Sapphic love was there whenever she wanted it, an' she wanted it badly an' frequently. She was a slave ta her flesh, especially in her younger years as far as Sapphic love was concerned, but she never really outgrew it.

Similar wanton desires burn insoide me, an' I, too, found mayself wantin' this same kind of sexual outlet with other girls in school, an' I found mayself lookin' at many of me classmates an' even some of me professors who I knew by reputation shared by some of me classmates ta be lesbians, too, but who dared not come out of ta closet for obvious reasons.

And I, like Edna, am "Irish," an' we are noted as bein' good talkers, especially when it comes ta "craic." No, not ta illegal drug but good humor an' laughter that is a part of bein' Irish. We can be quite witty, ya know. On ta other hand we "Irish" can be a very melancholy lot who can get lost in our inner sorrows as well as our outer set of circumstances.

However, I was somewhat loike those of the "Victorian Period," especially ta upper-gentry workin' class who had made their mark in ta world, becomin' successfully a part of ta new rich who spent their time, energy, an' wealth in acquirin' possessions such as land an' real estate, ta tangible things that proved them solid examples in "Victorian" society. But beware ta person who would try ta separate them from their hard-gained wealth an' prestige within ta "English" order of things, includin' social rank. 

Then, too, maybe they had it right since it is well known these pseudo-hierarchy put on two faces, the lighter, prideful soide they presented in public, and their darker, more base soide that often festered within thmeselves, eatin' away at their moral fibers that in so many cases they themselves, loike, "Janus," put on two faces an' who spoke from both soids of their mouths. And ta save face was ta begin-and-end of life an' livin'. Outwardly they gave all ta appearance of bein' prim an' proper. Inwardly there was a dark soide ta many of 'em.

It was this base soide, me dark soide, that had been botherin' me for some toime. Or so I thaought. In fact, I had been this way ever since I was a young girl just buddin' inta becomin' a woman. But this buddin' inta a woman came none too pleasantly for me.

Now, I'll be ta first ta admit I am an' never was anythin' comin' close ta goddess material as is me namesake. Just ask me ma an' da.

No, I was mostly what was called a tomboy in those days because I enjoyed playin' rugged games, always tryin' ta outsmart ta boys who thaought a girl could never keep up with them or compete with them on an equal basis. This was enough ta get me ire up an' made me more determinded ta be mayself an' do ta best I could...even better if I could best ta boys in what they thaought was for-boys-only. But then, what would ya expect from an "Irish" girl with red hair, green eyes, an' a few freckles on her nose? I was born ta be this way, independent an' knowin' me self-worth regardless of me gender, which, by ta way, as I got older, I discovered despite a boy's third leg dangling 'tween his legs along wi' his two balls, they were all interested in seein', touchin', an' gettin' inta what I had 'tween me legs, me pussy. 

Later on ta their misfortune, as far as I was concerned anyway, there wasn't a boy I'd let do any of those things ta me. Not a bloody chance. Me pussy was me private part, an' I intended ta keep it t'at way. Private. Not even when me breasts began ta bud at ta early age of twelve an' were quite visible pushin' out underneath me braless blouses an' sweaters, especially those cute bib-plaid uniforms with white blouses underneath an' long, white socks tat came up to ta knees along with black an' white oxford shoes. 

I hated wearin' bras, so as soon as I got out ta door ta go to ta all-girl parochial school an' rounded ta corner of ta porch, I'd take me bra off. This, of course, made me breasts even more interestin' for ta boys when they saw me walkin' down ta street, even ta ones who had accepted me as just one of ta guys, because me nipples would of'en swell, becomin' hard an' erect from ta friction of the cloth rubbin' against them.

Anyway, this leads me ta a most interestin' story.

I have already told you I had just turned eighteen years old an' was a freshman at an all- girls school in ta East. One evenin' as I sat in front of me computer monitor, I couldn't keep me moind on me "English" assignment. Instead, I was turnin' over in me mind all t'ose seemin'ly unanswerable questions we each ask ourselves as far as our existence is concerned in ta scheme of loife. One of me questions was about me sexual orientation. It was ta very thing on me moind as I stared at ta computer monitor. The glarin' monitor can be very hypnotic if one relaxes an' becomes one with it.

On this particular evenin', havin' ta rooms all ta mayself because me roommate Tammy had a date, instead of doin' me homework I had gone once more ta a porn site on ta Internet that had ta do with lesbians, graphically displayed in both pics an' movies, showin' just what lesbians do with one another an' how they make love.

As I looked at ta pics or watched ta short, free movies--those mpegs--I realized as far back as I could remember, but especially soon after me first period, I was drawn more ta girls than ta boys.

Oh, I had friends who were boys, an' I even had gone out with a few, but when they kissed me, I felt no passion or inner response in return. Nothin'. Nada. An' I really hated their bloody grabbin' a quick feel or wantin' me ta go all ta way ta prove I really loiked them, but I just couldn't do it. I couldn't even think of makin' out with boys let alone doin' it. I refused ta let mayself be used loike that as if I were a boy's toy or playthin'. Therefore, it wasn't long before I became known as Shannon ta tease because I wouldn't put out for anyone.

So I finally stopped datin' boys with their "Roman" hands an' "Russian" fingers, an' besoides, I was repulsed at ta sight of a boy's cock. Yes, by ta time I was eighteen I knew all ta words used when talkin' about sex an' doin' sexual things. 

"Jaysus, Mary, an' Joseph," how horrified me ma an' da would be if they knew this. Instead, I kept me friends who were boys but just really good friends with whom I could be mayself an' not have ta worry about fightin' them off for their wantin' sexual favours. Many of them were gay anyway but not all.

However, I found mayself still attracted ta girls. Lookin' or thinkin' about girls made me hot between me legs, an' many were ta toimes I would masturbate on me bed or in ta shower, thinkin' of girls, naked girls, until I brought mayself ta orgasms. I was even able ta have an orgasm by squeezin' me thighs toightly together an' rockin' rhythmically from soide ta soide while at ta same toime openin' an' squeezin' me legs together so me thighs stimulated me clit until I'd cum all over me fingers an' hand.

I even found mayself sneakin' peaks at girls' naked, gleamin', wet bodies when we were takin' showers after gym classes. There were also some of me female professors about whom I fantasized bein' with, wonderin' what they would look loike naked an' what we two could do with one another ta give an' receive pleasure ta one another. There were even some of me female professors who, when they saw me starrin' at their legs an' up their skirts, would deliberately sit on ta edge of their desks an' casually open their legs as they crossed them from soide ta soide, or some just spread their legs woide enough so I could see all ta way up ta their panties. Sometimes I even saw wet spots on ta crotch of their panties. That really turned me on.

I, of course, had heard about girls eatin' other girls' pussies, suckin' on their nipples until they were hard an' erect, usin' dildos or vegetables ta shove in an' out one another's pussies...all intended ta bring them ta orgasm just loike I saw in ta pics an' movies I found on ta porno sites on ta Internet.

So, I, Shannon, a Convent Girl, was havin' ta struggle wi' me sexual orientation ever since I became aware of me own sexuality an' desires, an' when I thaought about satisfyin' mayself sexually, I always found mayself attracted ta girls, not ta boys, so I thaought I must be a lesbian, an inexperienced lesbian who had never been with another girl or woman in a romantic, sexual way. But I wanted it.

So, as I stared at ta pics an' mpegs of women goin' down on women, lickin' an' eatin' their wet, creamy pussies, I wondered deeply insoide what it would be loike ta eat another woman's pussy? What would it taste loike?

I had lowered me head, closed me eyes, an' pictured mayself in those lesbian acts of love, an' once again I wondered what "Would" it be loike ta go down on another woman an' taste her pussy. I tried ta see, feel, touch, taste, smell, an' even hear ta sounds of how this moight be, when I heard a low, sultry voice purr.

"Ooooohhhhhh, Sweetie, I can tell you exactly how another woman's pussy taste. In fact, I shall even teach you the art of Sapphic love."

Oh, great. Now I'm talkin' ta mayself, I thaought as I sat there with me head still lowered an' me eyes closed, an' I'm answerin' me own question about what another woman's pussy would taste loike.

"That is not the case at all, Shannon. You cannot be further from the truth if you think you are just hearing yourself in some kind of self-dialogue," ta same sultry voice purred agin.

Slowly I raised me head an' looked 'round ta room, but I saw no one. So it must be just me imagination that someone else is in this room wilth me, I thaought ta mayself.

"Do not count on it, Love," ta voice whispered so softly inta me ear as if she were standin' roight besoide me.

"But I don't see..." I began ta say when a beautiful woman appeared before me. At least I thaought so, an' any words I wanted ta say just caught in me throat, and I swallowed them. I couldn't speak because I was so amazed ta see this gorgeous apparition. An' yet, despoite me doubts, there stood before me ta most beautiful an' sensual woman I had ever seen in me whole loife.

She was tall--at least six feet anyway--svelte of form, an' with curves in all ta roight places. A long, sheer black dress clung ta her body, fallin' loosely just above ta high, spiked heels of her shoes. Ta dress was so sheer it clung alluringly ta her body, accentuatin' her narrow, wasp-like waist, ta full roundness of her hips, an' her perfect large breasts. This gave her a "Rubenesque" look. A look I really loved. She was all woman from her head ta her feet.

Ta soides of ta dress were slit up ta mid-thigh, an' ta thin straps that barely held up ta dress that plunged inta a deep "V" down ta here waist an' lifted her firm, full breasts up an' out, pressen' them together an' showin' her full cleavage. An' ta material was so thin her ample, jutting breasts pressed against it so that I could see ta outlines of her areolas an' her hard, erect nippples of her breasts sittin' atop them. I could also see ta outline of her undergarments. She was wearin' a lacy black garter belt with long black stockings, an' a sheer pair of black panties, so thin even beneath both dress an' panties, I could see ta outline of her dark "V" between her full thighs.

I was so taken by this vision before me that me heart pounded in me chest. I found it difficult ta breathe, an' me mouth was loike a dry crust. Me entire body was in utter pre-orgasmic turmoil, an' I wondered if she knew it; although, by ta sly smile on her face I was sure she must have known. Besoides, why shouldn't she know. As far as I knew she was from ta spirit world. Which spirit world I didn't know, but I suspected I'd foind out at some point in toime, so I just continued ta try ta keep me juices under control an' concentrate beholdin' her outrageous beauty.

Ta blackness of her dress was in sharp contrast ta her porcelain skin that had a special aura about it that was also set off by her equally shiny black hair that was parted down ta middle with some of it flowing down over her shoulders while ta rest fell straight down her back.

Her eyes were jet black loike an ebon night but luminous with what seemd loike hints of silver glowin' loike what one sees on a clear an' cloudless sky. But ta most remarkable thing about her eys were her pupils. Unlike humans' pupils that are round, hers were slits goin' up an' down. They reminded me of cat's eyes, givin' her a feline look. Starin' inta them, I was held by their power an' beauty, an' havin' her lookin' back inta me own eyes was as if she were lookin' directly inta ta very depths of me bein' and seein' me thaoughts racin' through me moind.

I should have been afraid I suppose, but without words she let me know just by eye contact she meant me no harm an' I had nothin' ta fear.

Her arched eyebrows were as jet black as her hair, an' her eye lashes were very long an' curved upward.

Her nose was beautifully straight an' narrow but not skinny or thin, but what really attracted me most were her lips. They were sensually full an' blood red, an' they were set off with a thin black line. They were ta kind 'o' lips one...I...wanted ta kiss an' be kissed by them, mouth ta mouth an mouth ta pussy. Her lips were absolutely luscious, an' I wanted ta taste them. Badly.

She was, indeed, ta consumate woman, especially when it came ta sensual beauty, ta kind of woman any woman or man would love ta have; although, ta thaoughts of a man touchin' her was revoltin' ta me. As for me, I would do anythin' ta have her, ta feel me body next ta hers; an' ta explore ta very depths of her womanhood, ta essence of her femininity.

I couldn't take me eyes off her, an' all ta while she just stood before me in all her erotic beauty, showin' a hint of a smile while acceptin' her own beauty as if it were common place or ordinary.

An' yet all this was difficult ta comprehend, an' while I was thinkin' it was but a dream brought on by self-hypnotizin' mayself from starin' inta me computer monitor, I asked what could have been nothin' more than an apparition, "Are you for..."

"Real? she finished me question. "Oh, yes, I am for real, Shannon. Make no mistake. I am not a figment of your very active imagination. And you, indeed, have one. Let me assure you," she said with a tinge of laughter in her voice. "If you do not believe me, whose eyes do you think you are staring into, and at whose body have you been looking at with such longing?"

"I...I don't know," I stammared sheepishly more than a wee bit as if I had been caught by me ma with me hand in ta cookie jar. "All I do know is you're ta most beautiful woman I have ever seen as well as ta most sensual an' allurin', too. Words fail me, an' I've never been at a loss for words in me entire loife."

"Ahhhhhhhh," she let out this whispered sigh so slowly it seemed as if there would be no end to it. "Now there is a problem here for us, Shannon. You see. I am not a woman."

"But...but," I began to interrupt her.

She put her left index finger up ta her sensual lips ta quiet me before she could go on with what it was she was goin' ta say. An' she did so with a faint smile on her face that radiated her beauty even more as if there were a special purple aura of luminous light around her.

Oh, my god, she is so beautiful, I thaought as me heart pounded ever so slightly beneath me heaving breasts, an' by now I felt really wet between me legs.

"I don't understand," I said, perplexed an' confused.

"Well," she said, "what I was about to say is I 'am' a woman, but then, I am 'not' an ordinary woman. Not entirely, that is. You see, Shannon, I am a witch," she answered quite casually.

I felt me breath stop for a moment before I could give any kind of response ta what this lovely creature had just told me.

"A...a witch?" I whispered softly ta mayself under me breath. Then I voiced it aloud in a disbelievin' tone, "A witch! You can't be a witch. Witches don't exist except in faery tales an' stories. Besoides," I started ta go on, "you're too...."

"Beautiful?" ta witch ended me sentence.

"Well, yes," I said in a child-like voice. "Even if there are witches, as you say you are, they're supposed ta be old, ugly crones. Not beautiful an' sensual as you are."

"Oh, posh! Shannon. That is just an old wives' tale begun by men and handed dowm from generation to generation until we have been characterized as the old, ugly crones, as you put it, who fly around on broomsticks on 'Halloween' night to frighten children and even take some away with us. And since the color black has been associated with things that are bad, we are envisioned as dressing in black--although, I prefer that color for me--wearing pointed brimmed hats, and having black cats as our companions and intermediaries that bring bad luck if one crosses ones path.

"Is not this true, Shannon? Is not this what you have been brought up to believe since you were old enough to believe in things, real and unreal, like Santa Clause and the Easter Bunny? But there came a time when you were old enough to figure things out for yourself so you no longer believe in either of them, except, of course, to continue these harmless myths with those younger than yourself? Is this not right, Shannon?"

I felt as if I had just been given a good tongue-lashing somewhat as me ma or da gave me many toimes when I was less that at me best, an' I felt ashamed ta question this lovley woman before I even thaought I didn't understand what was happenin' ta me. It all seemed so much loike a dream from which I would awaken an' be able ta put it out of me moind as just that...a dream an' nothin' more.

"Enough of this, Shannon. All this just makes me angry, and I do not like being angry. Lets get back to you and my reason for coming to you: What it would be like for you to taste another woman's pussy. 'That is such a more tasteful and delicious topic.' Yes, my Pet?" ta witch whispered soothinly insoide me soul ta touch me very passion an' me wantin' ta know what it would be loike ta taste another woman's pussy.
