 LESBIAN SEX: Helen seeks help from two girlfriends.

This chapter is rather short, being only about a quarter the length of chapter one, and makes for a quick read. It is told from the mom's POV.

*

After my son and I had been fucking for a couple of weeks I decided that I needed to talk to my two friends, Lucy and Charlotte. They worked at the same place I did which is how we got to be friends. I knew that they were Lesbians—in fact they lived together—but I was hoping that they could help me with Steve. I was nervous about approaching them with my proposal because I was afraid they'd turn me down, being Lesbians. But I didn't know anyone else I could turn to. Perhaps at the very least they could give me some advice. They were both in their late twenties, and I hoped that they'd be broad minded enough to try to help me.

For this occasion I wore the same outfit I did on the first day I fucked my son, that is heels and hose, a yellow cotton dress that came just barely to the tops of my stockings, and that had a plunging wide "V" neckline to show lots of cleavage supported by my uplift bra.

They both gave me a hug and a peck on the cheek when they greeted me at the door. Lucy was wearing a red mini with a white blouse on top partly unbuttoned to reveal that she wasn't wearing a bra. Charlotte wore a blue T-shirt mini that barely covered her white panties that peeked out every once in a while depending upon which way she moved. And the way that her titties bounced under her shirt I could tell that she too was bra-less. And, they were both also dressed in low heels and stockings, the tops of which were fully exposed due to their short dresses. The combination of the stockings with their short hemlines and casual tops I thought was rather erotic.

They were both about an inch or two shorter than I, and in my five-inch heels I towered over them as they both gave me a hug. Their breasts were not as voluminous as mine, but looked like cute little peaches. And they both had nice butts from working out—which I enjoyed watching as they led me into their living room. They sat together on the couch and I sat on an easy chair facing them.

"You see," I told them after telling them how I came to be fucking my son, "I'm afraid that Stevie is becoming mommy obsessed, and that he sees me as the only possible sex object in the world. If that's the case he'll never think of finding a wife and having children and a normal life and all of that."

"Oh, I get it," Lucy said, "you want us to fuck your son for you so he'll have someone besides his own mommy to relate to."

"Yes." I smiled. I noticed the way they kept looking up my legs every time I crossed them. I'd never experienced sex with another woman before, but had sometimes fantasized about it—and even masturbated a few times thinking about it. Especially with Lucy and Charlotte. God knows they'd dropped enough hints, and I'd horsed around with them a couple of times, and gone dancing with them at a Lesbian club, but I'd never yet taken the plunge to go all the way. Nonetheless, I sure enjoyed being looked at like that. "That's it exactly, if you would please help me on this, I'd be so happy."

Lucy and Charlotte looked at each other, then Charlotte said. "You know we don't particularly like men?"

"I know, I know. And I respect your lifestyle. But I really need help on this. Please, you guys are my friends and I have no one else I know that I can turn to. I'll do anything you ask, anything, just please help me with this."

"Anything we ask?" Lucy said with a lewd grin.

"Yes, anything." I swallowed a lump in my throat while Lucy and Charlotte whispered to themselves.

Then Charlotte said. "Okay, we'll help you fuck your son for you but there are two things that we require of you, two parts to our bargain."

"Oh, thanks, thanks a million," I smiled and began to relax a little. "Just tell me, and I'll be glad. I'll do anything."

"Okay," Lucy said, "the second part of our bargain has to do with you, but the first part has to do with your son."

"My son?" I gulped again, feeling protective once more. What if they asked more than I was willing to deliver? Like make my son get a sex-change operation or subject him to some heavy BDSM or something.

"Yes, your son," Lucy continued. "Since we're Lesbians and don't particularly like men, we want you to dress him up like a girl so it'll be easier for us to relate to him."

I was relieved to hear that their demands were rather gentle.

"Oh," Charlotte cut in, "we know from what you've told us that you and he have fun dressing him up in your hosiery, but we need more than that. You have to go all the way with the make up, and the hair, and all of that."

I thought about that for a moment, and then my pussy started getting wet. What an erotic idea! Wonder why Steve and I hadn't thought of that before? I can hardly wait to give it a try. I recrossed my legs again flashing them another shot of my panties wondering if they could see the growing wet spot from my just thinking about dressing my son up all the way as a girl. I licked my lips and said, "Yeah, I think we can manage that part of the deal. So what's part two?"

"Stand up!" Lucy commanded. "Come over here and stand right in front of us."

I did as told wondering what was coming next.

"First of all," Lucy went on, "since you're into this incest thing with your son, we want to call you mommy."

I grinned, still wondering where this was going. "Okay."

"Okay, now mommy, lift your skirt up and show us your panties," Charlotte said.

I took the hem of my skirt and pulled it all the way up to my waist.

"Such beautiful white panties," Lucy said.

"Oh, lookey," Charlotte said, "see how wet mommy's panties are?" She pointed right at my wet spot, then touched it—which only made me all the wetter. 

"Yeah, I bet she's getting hot from all of our dirty talk." Lucy said as she joined Charlotte in fingering my pussy through my panties.

"You've been such a naughty girl, mommy, by making your panties all wet it's embarrassing us. Go ahead and let your dress back down," Charlotte said.

"But such big beautiful mommy tits she has," Lucy said.

"Yeah," Charlotte said, "show us your bra."

Enjoying this game immensely so far, I pulled the lapel of my dress aside to let my bra cups stick out. 

"Ummm, umm, Magnificient," Lucy said. "Now show us your tits." 

I pulled my tits out of their bra cup holders.

"Play with your tits for us mommy," Charlotte said, "fondle your nipples. Let's see how erect you can make them." 

As I fondled my tits and played with my nipples, Lucy and Charlotte began rubbing their feet up and down my legs, and up under my skirt to rub on my increasingly wet panties. The thought occurred to me that they were teasing me just like I'd teased my son—and it made me incredibly hot. I also loved the way the movements of their legs as they rubbed their feet on me caused their own skirts to hike up even further so I could see their white panties, which I thought looked rather erotic. 

"I think mommy's panties are getting way too wet," Lucy said as she rubbed her nylon-enshrouded foot against my panty-covered cunt. "Perhaps we ought to make her pull them down?"

"You heard her," Charlotte said. "Pull your panties down to your knees, you naughty girl, mommy."

I did as ordered feeling a rush of heat course through my body. There was just something terribly erotic about having my panties down around my knees while I still had my dress on.

"That's a good girl," Lucy said. "But keep playing with your tits for us."

And as I played with my tits they resumed teasing my nylon-enshrouded legs with their nylon-encased feet. Then they slipped their feet up under my skirt again to tease my ass and cunt. With their crotches completely exposed to me now I could see that they were getting quite wet themselves.

"We want to see mommy play with herself now," Charlotte said.

"You heard her," Lucy added. "Pull your skirt back up and play with your cunnie."

And as I masturbated myself in front of them they had their hands in each other's crotches rubbing their panty-covered pussies while watching me masturbate. 

"Now, do you really want us to fuck your son for you?" Charlotte teased.

"Umm, more than ever."

"Okay, then, mommy," Lucy said, "pull your panties all the way down to your ankles, and then get down on your knees before me."

This made me feel oh, so slutty to be on my knees before this other woman with my panties down around my ankles, and so soggy for everyone to see—and my tits fully exposed with my tell-tale nipples so erect and full of obvious desire.

"Such a nice footstool mommy makes," Lucy said as she lifted both of her feet and placed them on my shoulders.

And so there I was looking right between her legs watching her panties get wetter by the second as her nylon-enshrouded feet nuzzled my cheeks.

"Suck my feet," Lucy further commanded. "Mommy, pretend that each foot is a nice big cock just waiting for you to suck it off."

My first thought was, good gosh what a mom's got to go through for her son. I had never heard of this kink before, but then as I thought about it I found it exciting. As I caressed her left foot I brought it up close to my face thinking that this foot, this appendage, just a few seconds ago had been teasing my cunt and I could still feel my wetness on her toes and on the top of the foot where she had rubbed it against my cunt. And the aroma of my arousal and horniness was also still very strong and that excited me even more. I began to kiss and lick all over where my wetness was, tasting myself and imagining it was Lucy that I was licking. I opened my mouth and sucked her foot inside as far as it would go, then I began bobbing my head back and forth as I sucked her appendage off—enjoying the taste of my own sex as I did so.

"Oh, mommy," Charlotte said. "Such a good girl mommy is, sucking off Lucy's foot as if it were her son's cock." Not one to remain idle Charlotte then extended her own foot out underneath me to once again tease my now sloppy wet pussy. Then she turned her face to Lucy and the two of them made out and fondled each other as I knelt there sucking Lucy's feet, one after the other.

And then they had me shift positions so I could suck off one of Charlotte's feet while Lucy diddled my cunt with one of hers. And I could see both of their panties getting wetter even than mine ever were.

After a bit they stopped making out with each other and then Lucy said, "You've been such a good mommy now, sucking our feet off, you can stand up now."

And, as I stood up, they stood up with me. 'Umm, such a good mommy, yes," Charlotte said as each girl grabbed ahold of one of my tits with both their hands. "We've been wanting to suck on these since the day we met you."

"Yes, beautiful, sexy, mommy tits," Lucy said. "So fucking horny to suck." And they both planted their mouths over my aching nipples and sucked the bejeezus out of me.

"Oh, my sweet babies," I said, getting into the role-playing thing and caressing their heads as they sucked me, "Yess, suck mommy's titties. Mommy loves it so much."

As they sucked my tits off each of them let one of their hands roam my body. Soon there was a hand fondling my ass and another hand reaching up my skirt to play with my pussy. And my own hands then began to wander from their heads and the sides of their faces to their tits, teasing their nipples through their flimsy tops while they continued to suck the breathe out of me.

"Oh, mommy," Charlotte said as she left off sucking me to stand on her tip toes, "I love you mommy, please give me a kiss."

And then our faces were mashed together and she was giving me some tongue.

And then Lucy took Charlotte's place at my mouth while Charlotte stood behind me, undid my bra strap and tossed it, and then began lifting my dress up. And then I was all naked except for my garter belt and nylons—and of course my panties down around my ankles.

Then Lucy made me kneel down in front of Charlotte and she kneeled down right behind me. In the meantime Lucy had removed her button down blouse and as she embraced me from behind she rubbed her now naked tits on my back, her rock hard nipples stabbing into my flesh. She reached around my torso to play with my tits while Charlotte positioned herself so that the hem of her skirt was touching my nose.

"Be a good mommy girl and show us how good you can make Charlotte feel," Lucy commanded. "Stick your face in there and make Charlotte real happy."

And I felt so naughty and erotic as I nuzzled my face against the tops of her nylons. I caressed her nylon-enshrouded legs, running my hands up and down, and then I ran my hands all the way up the backs of her legs, slipped my hands up under her skirt and fondled her ass. I kissed and licked her creamy flesh just above her stockings. I inched my way up under her skirt getting drunk on the aroma of her horniness—and the sight of her panties, absolutely drenched. And her wetness and the tangy smell of her arousal made me hungry for it.

"Nibble her panties just like your son nibbled on your pantyhose crotch," Lucy commanded me. By this time Lucy was humping her still fully-clothed crotch against my ass while tugging my nipples every which way. Then she reached a hand down to play with my pussy while I munched on Charlotte's soggy panties. And all the while Lucy was humping me, and playing with my tits and my pussy she was whispering naughty things into my ear making me hotter and hotter.

While I munched on Charlotte's panty-coated pussy she played with her own tits through her T-shirt.

"Take her panties off now," Lucy ordered.

As I slid her panties down her legs, Lucy slipped mine off of my feet then she stood up.

"Now do Lucy just like you did me," Charlotte said.

I eagerly turned around to nuzzle my face up under Lucy's mini skirt while expecting Charlotte to imitate Lucy's behavior by humping me from behind. But instead, as I had my head buried up under Lucy's mini skirt slurping away at her drenched panties, a long, hot, wet tongue seemed to come out of nowhere to lick my slit from one end to the other and then back down again. I shivered all over, but managed to grab a quick peak to see that Charlotte was now lying on her back with her head stuck up between my legs, her skirt hiked up to her hips, and one hand frigging her own pussy while she ate me out and fondled my ass with her other hand.

Wanting, no needing, to taste real cunt now myself, I pulled Lucy's panties down to her knees and with my head still up under her skirt I mashed my mouth to her slippery, fat lips and did everything to her that Charlotte was doing to me.

"Ummmm, fuck mommy, yessss!" Lucy said as she tugged almost violently on her nipples, while her hips pumped back and forth fucking her cunt harder into my face. Then she started going spastic, trembling and shaking all over and coming all over my face. Then, her knees gave out and she collapsed on top of me just as I was going spastic myself from Charlotte's ministrations upon my own cunt. And I came too.

Wow! I thought as we three lay there in a heap. I wish my son could eat pussy like that.

As we lay there I realized that Charlotte was the only one of us who had not had a good cum yet, so I determined to rectify that. I removed her T-shirt mini and settled into the good old 69 position, licking her while she licked me into a new state of arousal.

Lucy took off her own mini-skirt and moved around to kneel down between Charlotte's legs to help me eat her friend out. I sucked on Charlotte's clit while Lucy licked her pussy and stuck her tongue up inside.

Soon Charlotte could no longer lick my pussy because she was going spastic, moaning and thrashing about. Then she too, quivered and shook into her orgasm.

We continued playing with each other for several more hours, trying all kinds of different positions.

And in the end, they said, "we're convinced. We'll fuck your son for you if you dress him up real nice."

(To be continued)