 Geneen, Paula and I went from the bedroom into the bathroom, and turned on the shower. The massage setting on the showerhead seemed to be the best choice as we moved beneath the water. The rhythm of the pulsing stream felt so sensual on our already sensitized bodies – the afterglow of our recent sexual calisthenics was with us still. I adjusted the temperature of the water so that it was warm enough to feel good for all of us. The temptation was to set it just a little bit cold so I could see their nipples erect, but I didn’t want to put a damper on our passion, and I planned to create some heat that would have the same effect later on tonight.

I reached for the soap that I had recently opened, and began to work up a rich lather on a washcloth. I moved to Geneen. She had her face turned up to the spray, and her arched back accentuated her sweet ass – the ass I had so recently been inside. Stepping up to her I reached around and began to move the washcloth over her ribs and stomach. The contrast of the white lather on her cinnamon colored skin was exciting, and I felt my cock stir a little as I soaped her. She must have felt my cock too, because she pushed the firm globes of her ass into my groin and began to sway her hips slowly against me.

“Hey, you two! None of that!” Paula grasped my hips and pulled me away from Geneen’s gyrations. “I want a chance to get Mark inside me, and if you two keep it up I’ll have to wait even longer!”

Geneen looked over her shoulder and answered, “I would think you would WANT him to keep it up, Paula!” 

Geneen turned around as I moved to the side, and she took the washcloth from my hand. Reaching out to Paula, Geneen began to lather her breasts. Geneen then moved in front of me and closer to Paula, trailing the washcloth over Paula’s ribs and stomach and finally ending up on her golden pubic hair. Paula grabbed the washcloth from Geneen and began to reciprocate the motions. With little for me to do but watch, I let them continue cleansing each other. They dispensed with the washcloth and soon had each other lathered up from the friction of their hands.

Paula looked over Geneen’s shoulder and said, “I told you that we were close! And you had no idea!” Both girls giggled a bit, each one anxious to tell their story but waiting for the other to start.

“You remember when Brad was telling Geneen that she should get implants, don’t you Mark?” Paula looked at me quizzically.

“I certainly do,” I replied. Brad was a person who worked with us, although not part of our Team. He was obsessed with large breasts, and had tried to get Geneen to enhance her 35B’s. Fortunately, Geneen decided to keep things natural. “But what does that have to do with anything?” I asked.

Geneen looked over her shoulder at me and answered, “Well I was trying to decide if I really wanted implants or not, so I went to Paula for some advice. I mean, look at her tits! I would love to be that big! But all your talk about health risks had me worried.” Geneen looked into Paula’s eyes as she continued, “Between you and Brad I didn’t know what I really wanted, and I thought Paula could help me figure it out. So we got together one day to talk things over, and…..

**Geneen’s Story**

I got to Paula’s apartment around two in the afternoon. I had run some errands that morning, and was feeling pretty good. I was still trying to decide what to do about the implants, and just knew that Paula would be able to help me sort it out. 

I wasn’t expecting Paula to be dressed as casually as she was when she opened the door. Sure it was warm out, but the T-shirt she had on was barely covering her crotch. If it weren’t for the ‘granny panties’ she had on, she would have flashed the whole apartment complex! I was in shorts and a T-shirt, but nothing as revealing as what Paula was in. We hugged each other ‘hello’ and I went inside the apartment.

Paula immediately offered me something to drink.

“Dr. Pepper, Coke, Beer or wine?” Paula called as she looked in the refrigerator.

“I’ll have some wine,” I responded. “I got all of my running around done, and I’m ready to relax a little.”

Paula entered the living room and handed me a glass of Chablis. The glasses had been in the freezer, and there were tendrils of ice crystals along the sides of the glass. I took a sip and closed my eyes, savoring the cool sweet taste. When I opened my eyes, Paula was just settling in at the other end of the couch. She tucked one leg under herself as she sat down, and the panties she wore pulled tight against her crotch. Wisps of blonde hair peeked out from the leg holes, and the outlines of her mound were plainly visible through the cotton panties. She made no effort to cover herself as we talked, and I had to consciously stop myself from staring at her pussy.

“So what has you so worked up?” Paula asked. “I don’t see what the big deal is – either you want to have the surgery or you don’t. Why is it such a problem?”

“I wish it was that easy, Paula. I know that you have no problem in the chest department, but I have always felt, well, inadequate. I barely have a handful of breast – if you put them both together! I want to get the stares that YOU get when you walk into a room.”

“It isn’t all that great, Geneen. Half the time men are talking to me, they never make eye contact – they’re just staring at my chest. And on top of that my blonde hair makes them think I’m some kind of bimbo who should go down on them out of gratitude for their talking to me! It really isn’t that wonderful to be well endowed!

“Besides, you don’t get to see the looks YOU get as you pass by. Your ass is so perfect and tantalizing that most men are drooling over you. But because you don’t have eyes in the back of your head, you never see THOSE reactions!”

I blushed at this, knowing that my ass was indeed a man’s dream. I had learned how to wiggle it enough to get what I wanted, without having to give a piece of it to everyone who wanted it. At one point I had been proportioned the way I wanted – tits and ass at about the right ratio, but the latter grew more than the former and I felt like my body was a pear instead of an hourglass. Brad had offered a way out of this situation, as his father is a plastic surgeon and could do the operation for a whole lot less than what he normally charged.

“I was really ready to do it until I mentioned it to Mark,” I said. “He seems to be worried about the health problems that I could have as a result of implants. He even pulled up a website that deals with litigation in breast implant cases, and some of the stories are downright scary!

“Mark seems to think that nature gave me what I have, and that’s the way it should be. He says I should feel good about myself for who I am, not what I look like.” I grinned as I remembered his reaction. “He said that as far as he was concerned, any man would be proud to have me walking beside him, just the way I am. God, I wish he would make a move on me. I would jump his bones so fast…!”

Paula choked on her wine and started coughing. I took the glass from her and placed it on the coffee table, then moved closer to pat her on the back. As the coughing fit stopped, Paula managed to respond to my comment.

“What do you mean, make a move on you? You don’t see the way he looks at you? If he gave me half the attention that he gives to you, I would have had him in my bed long ago! But he keeps his distance from us, and all I can figure is that he doesn’t want to come across as a horny boss, trying to get into our pants. He’s too conscious of appearances to want to seem like he’s forcing himself on us.”

“He can force himself on me any time,” I replied, “and it wouldn’t take much force! I have tried to figure out how to get him into bed without actually raping him, but I haven’t managed to yet.”

Paula looked out the window. She seemed to be miles away as she said, “Mark is so different. Everyone else tries so hard to get me in bed, but Mark has the attitude that makes me feel like he cares about me for who I am, not just what I look like. That makes me want him even more!”

“I know what you mean. He is genuinely kind and caring. I don’t know too many people that would spend that much time helping me out with my car the way he did – without expecting SOMEthing in return. And when I talk to him and he looks at me with those big brown eyes, something melts inside of me…”

“Well, anyway,” Paula interrupted my fantasies, “what is it about bigger breasts that you like? Is the risk worth the reward?” She turned away from the window and looked directly at me.

“That’s what I can’t decide,” I answered. “Mark says that one of the problems with implants is that some women lose sensitivity after the operation. I certainly don’t want to miss out on that – my nipples are extremely sensitive, and I love it when someone plays with them.”

Paula was looking at me strangely, and I realized that thinking about Mark had started getting me excited. My nipples were standing out and the T-shirt I was wearing did little to conceal them. That is what Paula was looking at.

“How big are they?” she asked in a half whisper.

“34-B, silly. You know that!”

“No, I mean your nipples! I have never seen your nips before, and they look huge!” Paula reached out as if to touch me, slowly moving her hand to my shirt.

Her attention to my tits caused a shiver of excitement to run through me. Even though I had never thought about another woman in a sexual way, something seemed to be happening between Paula and me. As her hand reached my swollen bud, I moaned and pressed my chest forward. I took her other hand in mine and pressed it into my other breast. Her fingers began to pinch and squeeze me, and the sensation went straight to my pussy. My nipples stood out even more as the first hint of moisture began to seep out of my cunt.

“That’s what I don’t want to lose – the feelings that playing with my nipples cause in me,” I said huskily. “I can have an orgasm just by someone playing with my nipples!”

Paula paused in her caresses long enough to peel her T-shirt over her head, exposing her firm round breasts. Her nipples were erect, but they stood out about a quarter of an inch where mine were close to half an inch long. I raised my hands to her and began to fondle her tits as she was doing to me.

“Look at the size of my nipples,” Paula complained. “Compared to yours they’re flat!”

“But look at the size of your breasts, Paula. That more than makes up for your nipples. Besides, they look like they would attract enough attention, and I’ve seen you with your ‘headlights on’ before. You definitely have a great package. I just want to be more like you!”

“I think you should listen to Mark and be thankful for what you have. I would LOVE to have nipples as big as yours.” Paula cast an eye toward my crotch and asked quietly, “Is your clit as big as your nipples?”

I was a bit shocked at the question, and inadvertently looked down to avoid Paula’s gaze. I found myself looking at her panty-covered pussy, and noticed that the material was darker than before – it was wet! I felt all kinds of sensations rush through me. I was getting excited by Paula’s fondling, and I was enjoying the sensation of her heavy breasts in my hands. I could feel my pussy getting wet, and the sight of Paula’s obvious excitement redoubled the throbbing I felt in my cunt.

“I’ve never thought about the size of my clit,” I managed to whisper.

“Well let’s have a look!” With that Paula slid a hand into the leg opening of my shorts and began to feel around for my slit. As she worked a finger under my panties her eyes grew wide. She pulled away from me and shifted her position on the couch. Reaching for my shorts, she began to unsnap them and pull them down. The look in her eyes was somewhere between wonder and lust.

“You’re BALD!” Paula accused. “I’ve never seen a bald pussy before! I’ve thought about shaving, but I never had the guts to go through with it. I’ve gotta see you!”

As my shorts and panties came off I reached out to skin the panties from Paula. Her blonde bush stood out proudly, and there were droplets of her juice glistening on the hair. I moved to take off my T-shirt, and we examined each other as we lay back on the couch. The contrast between our bodies was incredibly exciting: her blonde fullness against my dark body; my prominent nipples against her smaller, tighter ones; her hairy blonde pussy against my shaved snatch. We lay like that for a while, silently exploring our bodies with just our hands and eyes.

To Be Continued...