 At the time of this story, Marsha was 23 years old, she had a cute figure, had been married for 3 short months, and enjoyed a good, if not slightly boring, sex life with her husband Jack. The story is told by Marsha, many years later.

"At some point, shortly after I got married, I was trying on bathing suits while shopping with a close friend by the name of Julie. I had found an adorable one-piece suit that completely accented my figure. I was completely excited about it, and remember not being able to wait to see what I looked like in it. But I quickly discovered, much to my disappointment, that like all revealing bathing suits, it revealed too much of my pubic hair to even think of wearing it in public. This was not the first time I was confronted with this problem, and was in the process of resigning myself to picking out a more conservative suit."

Julie looked at the suit and smiled. "That is absolutely gorgeous, and you would look amazing in it, but if you really plan on wearing it, our next stop better be Q-mart to get a razor!"

I knew that Julie was just teasing me. We had discussed my trimming up before, but she knew I was way too chicken to ever really do it. I don't know if it was my conservative upbringing or what, but the thought of cutting off my pubic hair completely intimidated me. 

I had already made up my mind to put the suit back, and was in the process of doing it, when I found myself getting frustrated by the whole situation. If I wanted that suit, why the hell shouldn't I be able to get it? Most of my friends had suits that were far more risqué than this one. So what was the big deal?

Even though I was talking a big and tough talk to myself at that moment, I knew I wouldn't have the courage to go through with it on my own, so I turned to my best friend Julie and said, "If you'll help me take care of my little problem, I'll buy the suit!"

With a look of mischievous glee in her eye, she grinned at me and said, "You go buy the suit, I'll take care of the problem for you!"

I nearly flew to the counter I was so elated. I wouldn't be able to do it on my own, but if my friend would help me, I knew I could do it!

Once we got back to Julie's apartment, I went into the bathroom and tried the suit on as she got everything ready. I looked at myself in the mirror, and the suit did look spectacular on me, but a considerable amount of pubic hair was showing around the edges. I stood there frowning at my dilemma when I heard Julie calling to me.

"OK, all set out here," she called. With more than a little trepidation, I emerged from the bathroom in the suit. "Hmmm... not bad," Julie commented, "turn around and let me see the back."

I suddenly felt very awkward at this request. I mean, it wasn't a thong or anything, but the back was, none-the-less quite revealing, and it just felt odd to be doing this with my friend. "Oh well," I thought to myself, "if she is going to help me, I'm going to have to find a way to relax a bit." So I did a 180 degree turn for her, showing the back side of the suit.

"Mmmm-mmm honey, that shows off that cute little ass of yours just perfect! This really is going to be the perfect suit for you!"

For some unexplainable reason, this struck me as funny. I couldn't seem to suppress the nervous giggles that just seemed to begin bubbling out of me. 

I felt like a high school girl going to her first prom. After I finished modeling for Julie in the living room, she led me into her kitchen where she had spread a towel out for me on the table.

The giggling school girl suddenly began to once again feel very nervous. I think Julie could see the apprehension on my face, because she smiled at me and said, in a commanding voice, "Strip! I told you I was going to take care of this for you, but I can't do it if you chicken out."

Julie's words did help me a bit with my nervousness. She was right, if I was ever going to be able to wear my new suit I was going to have to get over it and let her get on with it.

So, even though it felt completely weird, I slowly peeled off the suit, kicking it to the floor, and stood there in front of my best friend completely naked for the first time, feeling completely ridiculous.

If it was weird for Julie, she never let on. She kept it completely professional, and she was the picture of calmness. "OK now honey, just slide onto the table and lie back. This isn't going to hurt, and it will all be over before you know it," she said as she led me to the table, then gently laid me back until I was laying on my back on her kitchen table completely naked, my butt and back registering the cold and unyielding hardness of the table.

My nervousness quickly turned to feelings of total humiliation as I realized I was lying completely naked, with my legs folded up and completely spread for the world to see on my best friend's kitchen table. I could feel myself blushing a crimson red as I lay there, totally exposed to my friend.

Julie just took it all in stride, and went straight to work as if she had done this a million times! As I looked down at her, she had a serious look on her face, and was all business as she went straight to work with a pair of scissors and busily began trimming away at my pubic hair.

Without missing a beat, she grabbed the can of shaving cream, lathered the area up, and began shaving the hairs that she had already trimmed short.

I looked down at her handiwork, and as more and more of my pubic flesh became exposed, I became acutely aware of how very erotic this situation was becoming. Never in all of my life had I felt so completely naked as at that moment, with Julie, completely clothed, standing between my legs, and me being so entirely exposed!

I suddenly realized to my horror, that a wetness was beginning in my sex. I was instantly mortified and hoped with all my heart that my friend would not notice it. What would she think of me if she realized that I was becoming aroused?

I tried really hard to get hold of myself. I tried thinking of other things, really mundane things like grocery shopping or having my nails done, but nothing seemed to be working. 

I glanced down at my nipples, and the feeling that I had was confirmed when I saw that they were hard as little pebbles, sticking prominently out, and aching, and I knew that my pussy was no longer just slightly wet, but completely soaked.

If Julie noticed, she never let on. However, as she continued to shave around my pussy lips, I noticed that her fingers were inside my slit, pulling the skin taut. As she did this, on several occasions her fingertips pulled across my now extended clit and slid well into the entrance of my pussy!

(Oh my God, how could she not notice how wet I was?)

I was confident that what she was doing was necessary and completely innocent, but it was all I could do to keep my breathing even. I felt like I could begin to completely pant right there on the table, and that would completely give away to my friend just how turned on I was getting.

As I continued to watch, all of the hair slowly began to disappear. When it was completely smooth, Julie put the razor down, and I started to get up. I thought we were finished, and couldn't wait to get some clothes on!

"Wait a minute there kid, we aren't done quite yet!" said Julie, as she pushed me back onto the table.

I lay back down, with my legs spread, showing of my now completely bald pussy. Again I was struck by how naked I looked, and I knew the excitement was bound to start up again. 

It was at this point that all pretenses seemed to melt away though. Julie began rubbing baby lotion all over my freshly shaven pussy. Now there were no "accidents," because her fingers were rubbing and probing all over my exposed slit. I looked down in disbelief as she captured my clit between her fingers, rubbing it back and forth while at the same time inserting two fingers from her other hand deep into my pussy. 

I heard a deep guttural moan escape my lips at this point.

I couldn't believe what my friend was doing, but I was also far too aroused to even think about stopping her. I needed release bad, and it felt like it might very well be the best orgasm I had ever had in my life. Right or wrong, I wasn't going to pass it up. I was right on the verge, when she suddenly stopped.

I felt like crying. I wondered if she had just been teasing me all along, and was now going to make fun of me for getting so aroused. I looked up into her eyes rather sheepishly, but saw no unkindness there.

She smiled at me and said, "I know exactly what you need right now." With that, she bent down, and before I knew what was going on, placed a sweet, gentle kiss directly on my bald pussy. I felt a gentle coo escape my lips, as I marveled at her complete tenderness. My husband of more than three months had never kissed me down there, though he constantly wanted me to suck him off.

As I stared in disbelief, I almost shot up off the table as I felt her tongue run up and down the length of my slit. I believe the feeling was heightened by the fact that I was so completely exposed without the hair.

"Hmmmm... seems like somebody needs this really bad," she whispered, looking up into my eyes with a devious look in her own.

And she was completely right! As she gently licked my clit, I felt like I could pass out.

"Oh God YES Julie, just like that!"

She smiled knowingly to herself. She knew exactly what I needed, and she knew just how to give it to me. She then inserted her tongue deep inside me for a few moments before going back to nibbling at my clit and massaging my g-spot with the middle finger of her right hand. 

In spite of the fact that she was my best friend, it was obvious that she knew exactly what she was doing, and there was no way this had been her first time. Everything she did was practiced, smooth, and absolutely amazing.

After being so excited, and with my friends amazingly gentle and expertise touch, it was only a matter of seconds before I was writhing around the table, squeezing her face tightly to my newly shaven pussy, being rocked by the most intense orgasm I had ever experienced in my life.

"Oh God, Julie!! Please don't stop, don't stop, don't stop..." I kept repeating until the orgasm completely subsided, and it started to tickle like crazy. At this point I jerked away, saying, "STOP!" as it felt like I could pee it was tickling so bad.

Julie just laughed knowingly.

"Well, you go ahead and grab a shower and get dressed now," she said, as she stepped away, allowing me to get up.

After showering and dressing, I came back out to the living room with a sheepish grin on my face. I really didn't know what to expect. This being my first lesbian experience, I was completely unsure of myself, and more than a little worried that my husband might find out.

Julie must have sensed my nervousness. "Any time you need a touch-up, feel free to give me a call," she said with a sly smile and a wink.

I just returned her smile, feeling grateful to her for her being understanding and kind. 

As time went by, I took her up several times on her offer for touch-ups. Each time I did, Julie made love to me, giving me the most intense and powerful orgasms, and not once asked me to return the favor. 

One time, I hinted at doing the same for her, but she stiffened, and completely resisted the idea. I have never asked her why she so freely gives me pleasure but wants nothing in return, but I do find myself genuinely desiring to try to give her the same kind of release that she has given me.

I wonder, are there other women out there who only want to give a woman pleasure, but have no desire to be given that same pleasure in return? It seems odd to me, but I have to be honest -- I have no desire to jeopardize the relationship we have, so I will bide my time, and hope that one day she will allow me to reciprocate.