 In the middle of a humdrum day, there was a knock at the door.

I wasn't doing anything muy importante, which means very important, except watching some soap opera, so I rose from the couch and went to the door.

"Who is it?"

"It's me, Nina..."

So I opened the door.

It was indeed Nina Mercedes, the woman from down the block, standing there on the door step, dressed in a black satin blouse, sleek, fitted black satin pencil skirt, and on her feet, sky high black patent-leather peep-toe stiletto pumps. She had recently had her hair, which was just as black as mine, done in wavy layered curls, and her makeup was done to a T. My gaze was drawn, almost against my will, to the deep valley of cleavage down the center of her blouse. She must have been wearing a push-up bra.

My pussy got wet, just looking at her.

She made quite a contrast to me. I was anything but put together, in a white tank top and white shorts, no bra or panties underneath, bare feet, my hair up in a somewhat messy but otherwise presentable bun, and no makeup.

The silence stretched out awkwardly between us.

She raised her eyebrows and said, "Hi. Eva, right?"

"Oh! Yes. Right!"

"Can I come in?"

"Oh! Yes! Of course! Come on in."

"Thank you."

I pulled the door open a little wider, allowing her inside my house.

As she stepped inside, I said, "Would you like anything to drink, honey?"

"No, thank you, sweetie. I'm actually here on a business call."

"Business? Like sales?"

Nina replied, "Yes, it is a sales call."

"I remember you said before you were applying to some company for some kind of sales job."

"Right. Good memory."

"I take it you got the job?"

"Yes, I did."

"Congratulations, honey!" I gave her a quick hug, noting as I did how her big her breasts were, as mine pressed against hers. Damn.

"Aww, thank you. I wasn't sure if I could do sales, but it turns out I'm a natural. Especially considering what it is that I'm selling..."

"And what's that?"

"Sex toys."

I said, "Uhhhh...what?"

She winked. "You heard me. Sex toys. Dildos. Vibrators. The most exquisite lube."

I felt myself become warm from the inside. "Uhm...Yeah? Really?"

She winked again. "Yeah. Really."

I suddenly realized she had walked in carrying a large, unmarked, black plastic shopping bag, as well as her purse. "Is that what you've got in that bag? Sex toys?"

"Yes."

"And the lube, too?"

"And the lube, too."

"Really?"

"Yes." She dug in her bag with her free hand, and pulled out a small clear plastic squeeze bottle with a top that flipped open and snapped close.

"Okay," I said. "And just how 'exquisite' is this lube?"

"Silky smooth. Lube up your choice of sex toy with this bad boy - and let the fireworks begin."

"Uhm..."

"Yes?"

I couldn't say a thing. My voice had caught in my throat.

Nina quietly said, "Would you like to see some products?"

"Uhmm...uh...Yeah. Have a seat."

So we went to the couch and sat down, Nina sitting next to me on our white couch.

I said, "I'm afraid a lot of this stuff will be wasted on me..."

"Not necessarily," Nina said kindly. "I don't imagine you're getting much action these days, not with Ramon on assignment so much."

I rolled my eyes. "You're right about that. Nothing at all, in fact."

Nina made a sympathetic noise, patting my knee. "Aww. I would imagine your dreams have gotten interesting lately. To say the least."

I smiled, or tried to. "Yes. Interesting would be a good word. To say the least. Which is why I say that this stuff is probably going to be wasted on me." 

"You mustn't think that. I'm sure something will catch your eye. Shall we get started?"

"Yes. Let's get started."

Nina said, "Why don't I start with this?"

And she pulled out a thing with a long white handle at one end, like a toothbrush, and at the other end, a bulbous white silicone head shaped like a mushroom.

So I said, "That, uh, must be a vibrator."

"Yes, it is. But not just any kind of vibrator. This one plugs in to the wall outlet."

"So, no batteries?" I could hear the hope in my voice. The longing. 

The enemy of every horny woman was a sex toy with batteries, which could crap out at any second, and ruin the fun.

"Nope. No batteries..."

Nina's eyes, brown like mine, twinkled as she showed me the business end of the electrical cord, with the plug at the end of it. I think she could probably see what was going through my incredibly horny mind.

I coughed, trying to get back to the subject at hand. "So. Uhm, how does it work?"

"Easy. You plug it in. You turn it on with this guy. You select the intensity with this guy. And then you...hang on for the ride."

"What else do you have in there?"

"Well," Nina said, "I've got this."

And she reached into her shopping bag, and pulled out what looked like a man's cock.

With a great effort, I didn't snatch the thing right out of her hand. Although I wanted to.

It was about seven inches long, and had about the same girth as a cooked hot dog, with a smooth shaft and a bulbous rounded head. It was bright berry blue, as well as slightly translucent.

Instead I said, "What's that?"

Nina winked. "This, my dear, is a dildo."

"Yes?"

"Yes. It's made of silicone, so it's very soft and life-like. Plus, it warms to your body temperature."

"Really?"

"Yes, really. Not many toys do that. Would you like to touch it?"

"Uhm...sure. Okay." 

"Here. Don't be shy..." She held it out to me.

I slowly reached over and wrapped my fingers around the toy.

It was indeed quite soft, without being flaccid. And I could even feel the material warming to my touch.

So I started to stroke it. Like a real cock. I ran my fingers along the shaft, up to the head, and back down again.

Nina quietly said, "Mmmm, do you like that?"

My breath caught in my throat. God only knew what this toy would do in my vagina.

I let the thing go like it was a hot potato, cleared my throat and said, "So, uhm, does it vibrate, or what?"

"No. But it is made to be attached to a strap."

"A strap? For what?"

"You've never seen a strap-on dildo?"

"Sorry, but no. I told you, a lot of this stuff is wasted on me..."

She rested her hand on my arm. "Don't be sorry. And don't say that." She took her hand away and rooted around in her bag.

I could still feel where she had rested her hand.

Nina was pulling out what looked like a pair of black panties, except there was a metal ring attached to the front.

I said, "So, uhm, is that a strap?"

"Yes, it is..." She picked up the dildo again, and unsnapped the ring. "See, you take this guy, put it in here, then you snap this guy into place. And, voila, you're ready to go."

I giggled and blushed. "Oh my god, it looks like a man's cock like that!"

"That's how it's supposed to look," Nina said. "And how it's supposed to work."

Oh my god. I was getting seriously aroused.

"Uhhmmm...so you, uh, wear it, I guess?"

"Mmm-hmm. You just put this thing on and...away you go."

"Really? I have never seen anything like that."

"Well, not a lot of women have heard of strap-on dildos. It helps to have a friend who's willing to wear it."

I cleared my throat with a cough. "So. Uhm. Do you have to use it like that?"

"Oh, no, that's the beauty of it. You can use the toy by itself. The strap is only useful if you have a friend who could wear it for you."

I coughed. "Okay...you were mentioning lube?"

"Yes. The best kind." She pulled the little clear bottle out of her bag again.

"Is it water-based?"

"Yes, it is. So you can even use it when Ramon comes home..."

I blushed as I took the little squeeze bottle and examined it. "I hope this is just a try-me bottle. Cause this is a little small, I must say. I don't think it would last very long."

Nina giggled. "Yes, that is a sample bottle. However, you don't need much. A little goes a long way. Would you like to try it?"

"Uhm...sure. I guess."

She took the bottle from me and snapped it open, and then dabbed a tiny bead on the tip of my index finger. 

I rubbed my thumb and index finger together, noting how easily I slid them against each other, without much effort.

Nina said, "As you can see, it glides quite easily."

"Yes," I said, afraid to even look at Nina. "Does it warm to your temperature, too?"

"Oh, yes. Quite quickly. In fact, you can probably already feel it starting to warm to your body temperature."

"Wow. I can..."

Nina winked yet again. "You must be hot-blooded."

"Yep. I'm a horny little slut."

Nina patted my leg. "Yes, I'll bet you are..."

I giggled, as I went to the kitchen sink and washed the lube off my fingers. Then I sat back down on the couch and stared into space.

Nina said, "What's wrong, sweetie?" She started lightly rubbing my back.

I turned and looked at her. "You asked me about Ramon..."

"Yes. Are you two having problems?"

"No. But he's gone so much..."

"I can imagine. It must be hard..." She sounded genuinely sympathetic.

I smiled, but only slightly. "Not on our marriage. Just on our sex lives."

Nina kept rubbing my back. "As I said, I can only imagine..."

"I am so fucking horny, I am about ready to burst. Help me out here. Please, honey."

Nina drew back. "What do you mean?"

"What do I mean? Use these damn toys on me. Because if I don't have a damn orgasm soon, I will explode."

"I'd love to-but I couldn't."

So I said, "Why can't you?"

"Because, sweetie, I would get in trouble."

"Honey, that would only happen if you did something to offend me. Which you haven't. Aside from making me horny, that is. Come on. Please?"

Nina giggled. Then she ran her teeth along her bottom lip. Thinking.

So this time, I reached over and rested my hand on her leg, where her skirt had rode up. "Nina, listen to me. If I don't get some relief, and by that I mean sexual relief, I am going to go out to some club and do something stupid with some guy I hardly know."

"Come on, don't be silly. You wouldn't step out on Ramon. Would you?"

"No, I probably wouldn't," I conceded. "But that doesn't make my need any less compelling. Come on. Help me out here. Please?"

Nina lapsed into silence again, staring at nothing, thumb and index finger pressed together.

I let her have her moment.

All at once, she turned to me and said, "This has to be strictly between us. I mean it, Eva. This is my job we're talking about here. My first one in a long time."

"All right! All right. You could lose your job. I get it. My lips are sealed. Oh! I know what we could do!"

"All right. What is it?"

"You see to my needs, and I'll buy these toys you showed me today."

Nina gasped. "Really? You would?"

"Yes. Of course I would. Ramon got a big bonus last month."

Nina smiled. "Okay. It's a deal. But, could you buy the toys first? After I've, ah, helped you out, you might not be able to do anything, for a while anyway."

I giggled. "Yes. Of course. How much for the vibrator, the dildo and the lube?"

Nina rapidly totaled the price of the items. I wrote my credit card info for her.

Then she said, "Your items will arrive within about a week."

"Okay," I said, rubbing my hands together.

"Now, go put some makeup on."

I moaned, "Do I have to? It's just us..."

"Please, just do it, for me. And brush your teeth while you're at it."

"Okay," I sighed. "Be right back. Make yourself comfortable."

"Count on it, sweetie."

I stood right up and padded across the living room, past the kitchen and down the hall, stopping at the first door on the right.

I was impatient to test the products. Who am I kidding? I was impatient, yeah, to get fucked!

That dildo was calling my name!

But I went ahead and did what she asked. First I brushed my teeth, quite thoroughly, even my tongue, flossed, and finally rinsed my mouth out.

Then I located my makeup kit and only did my most basic face - just powder, mascara and lip gloss.

I went back up the hall to the living room - 

- To discover that Nina had most definitely made herself comfortable.

She was naked! 

No blouse, no skirt, no high heels, no nothing. She had put her clothes on one of the empty chairs.

Well, she was wearing one thing - the strap-on dildo. That, and a smile.

Shit, I just had a mini-orgasm!

Nina stood there, gloriously naked. I think I should explain, that if Nina were a man, she would be called "stocky." That is, she is short, with a short, thick torso, huge breasts, a nice slim waist and wide hips. But fortunately, she is very much a woman, and she is a fuller-figured woman, to boot.

And, even though she and I are the exact same height, plus or minus less than an inch between us, I am curvy as well, but a slinky, skinny sort of curvy.

Nina looked over at me and softly said, "Don't just stand there. Take your clothes off and get over here. I have other clients to visit."

Shit. I loved it when spoke that way. I could not move a muscle.

Nina slowly walked over, hips swaying seductively. Left. Right. Left. Right. "Do I need to help you?"

"Uhm..."

"Here. Allow me-"

She reached up and caressed my arms. Without another word she started taking off my clothes. 

First she lifted my arms over my head. My tank top came off first. Less than a minute later she got down on her knees, pushed my shorts off my hips and down my legs, making a little puddle of white fabric on the floor.

Holding Nina's hands, I stepped out of it. Now I was just as naked as Nina.

Nina smiled. "Very good. Come over here."

She took my hand and led me over to the couch, then slipped her arms around my waist, rested her soft, warm hands on the small of my back, drew me closer, leaned in and kissed me.

I wound my arms around her neck and returned her kisses. It was difficult to concentrate. The artificial cock was pressing against my pussy entrance.

Her kisses were soft, at first. Light. Never hurried. Only after several minutes of this soft kissing did she finally ease her tongue inside my mouth.

I moaned into her mouth.

Nina paused for a second, her mouth against mine. "It's been a while, hasn't it?"

"Yes," I breathed back. "A long while."

"You poor thing..."

Her kisses continued, as soft and weightless as before, even as she kept up the tonsil tennis. Then she started kissing on the nape of my neck.

I moaned at the gentle contact, staring at the ceiling.

"Yes, you like that, sweetie?"

"Mmmm, yes," I moaned again.

Nina kept on kissing my neck. Shit...

Note to any guys who are reading this - a woman's neck is probably the single most sensitive area on her entire body, or pretty close. Kiss her there, and she will melt in your mouth.

"Oh, shit," I moaned to the ceiling.

Nina slowly removed her hand from the small of my back, and moved it to my pussy, where she lightly rested her fingers - and quickly drew back.

"Oh, you poor little thing," Nina said quietly. "You're already wet."

"I told you, I'm a horny little slut."

"Well then. There's only one thing to do with a horny little slut like you..."

"And what's that?"

Nina looked in my eyes. "Fuck the shit out of her..."

I flashed my eyes at her. "Can I put on the lube?"

Nina handed me the little bottle of lube with a mischevious wink.

But before I did, I said, "Let's take this to the bedroom. I don't want to be disturbed. Or seen from the street."

I quickly went to the front door and turned the deadbolt.

Nina winked. "Good idea."

So I took her hand. "Let's go. This way."

"Don't forget the lube, sweetie!"

I giggled. "Right. Come on..."

Holding hands, we went down the hall to the master bedroom. Without even turning on a light, we started kissing and touching again.

Nina's hands on my breasts, caressing, never squeezing, light as a feather, sent tingles of pleasure up and down my spine.

She softly said, "I think you're ready."

"I think you're right..."

And then she said, "Tell me how you want it. What position do you like Ramon to give it you the best?"

That was easy. "Doggy style. From the back."

Nina grinned. "You got it. Do you like your hair pulled, too?"

"Sometimes. I have to be in the right mood for that."

"Are you in the, uh, right mood now?"

"Yes," I breathed. "Yes."

"Well then, how about if you let your hair down?"

I chuckled. Then I reached up and yanked out the hair pins that were keeping my bun in place.

Nina reached up and started petting my hair. "Oooh, you have such pretty hair..."

"Thank you. That feels good."

"If you want, I would love to come back some time, when I'm not going door to door."

"Really?"

"Yes, really. Trust me when I say I could make love to you all day. But I'm sensing that, today at least, you don't want to make love."

"No. Today I just want to fuck."

"I thought so. Now get your ass on the bed."

An electric thrill coursed through my body. I quickly climbed on the bed, anticipation making me highly aroused.

Behind me, I heard Nina snap open the bottle. Then there was a tiny squirting noise as she dabbed lube on the blue cock.

Then I felt the mattress shift with her weight as she climbed on the bed behind me. Moments later, I felt her soft, warm hands on my waist. "Tuck in your tummy and lift your ass up. Good. Now spread your legs open a little more. There you go. Ready?"

"Oh god, yes," I moaned urgently.

"Hold on to something."

I grabbed a handful of bedding in each hand.

Nina guided the head of the blue cock to my waiting entrance, worked it in, and then pushed her hips forward, easing the shaft inside me.

I gasped out loud. "That lube is cold!"

"Don't worry, it'll warm up."

I could believe that.

And then she started to move. Slowly, at first.

As she pulled back and thrust forward slowly and easily, I could feel the lube start to warm to my body temperature.

And believe me, I was hot, from the inside out. Red hot.

And only getting hotter! Muy caliente...

Raising my voice, I moaned, "Demelo, mami! Ay, que rico!"

I knew I was enjoying the hell out of this, and turned on to no end, because I was speaking Spanish.

Nina was starting to move her hips faster. "Yeah, you like that, huh?"

"Shit, yes I like it!"

"Does my horny little slut want me to pull her hair while I fuck her?"

"Yes, please, mami!"

My hair was already well past my shoulders, about a third of the way down my back, so it was easy for Nina to reach over and grab a handful of my hair and pull on it, causing me to arch my back even deeper, and stick my ass out higher.

"Oh, god," I moaned loudly.

"Is this what my horny little slut wants?"

"Oh, god, yes! Fuck me!"

She fucked me and she fucked me and she fucked me!

The first time I came I nearly raised the roof. It had been so long since my last orgasm. I just opened my mouth wide, as no noise came out.

My second orgasm came, if you will, right on the heels of the first one. I was already well stimulated.

Then, since my legs were, shall we say, a little shaky, I decided to go missionary.

I smiled up at Nina as I rolled over on my back and spread my legs.

She guided the head of the toy to my entrance and eased it inside again.

I gasped and arched off the bed.

Once again, Nina started off slow and easy. "Mmmm, I think I could honestly say that you're a satisfied customer."

I giggled as I gasped. "Oh, god! Slower. Yes!"

"Yes, you are, or yes, that's it?"

I laughed. "Yes! To both!"

"Mmmm, good. You'll have to visit the website to give them feedback."

"Oh, I will. You can be sure of that."

Nina smiled. "Good." She moved slow and easy. "You know, we're still hiring sales people."

"Oh, Nina, I don't think I would be very good at sales."

"That's what I thought, too. But I think you would agree, I'm quite good."
