 Lisa slowly sipped the brightly coloured cocktail as she stared morosely into the swirling fog that consumed her friends on the dance floor. The flashing strobe lights were giving her a migraine, as was the thumping music.

It hadn't escaped her notice that she was meant to be having fun, but somehow, 'having fun' seemed an impossible proposition tonight. It wasn't as if she had wanted any of this but, as usual, Jenna hadn't listened to her. 

"I don't want a fuss," Lisa had insisted when Jenna had pushed her to make a decision about the hen night.

"Oh come on – you're getting married!" Jenna said exasperatedly. "This is your final chance to let your hair down and have some no-strings fun!"

Lisa couldn't help thinking that she had NEVER had no-strings fun in her life. Oh no. She had met safe and boring Brian when she was eighteen and they had been together ever since. How tame was that?

"Ok," she had said in the face of increasing nagging from Jenna. "Maybe we can go out for a meal or something?" 

Jenna had grinned triumphantly. "Yeah, great idea," she had said in a deceptively sweet voice. "Just leave it to me – I'll organise everything. You won't have to worry about a thing."

Famous last words...

Well, they had gone out for a meal, but instead of the quiet restaurant in town Lisa had envisaged, they had ended up two hundred miles away in the clubbing capital of the North, booked into a swanky hotel for the night and with a hot pink limousine at their disposal.

Lisa had had a heart attack when she saw the room rates. It was going to have to go on her credit card and she knew Brian would be furious at the unnecessary expenditure. She could almost hear him berating her frivolity and it made her feel quite sick at the thought of the confrontation that would surely come. 

Or maybe that was the chicken madras she had washed down with several glasses of cobra beer?

"Having fun?" asked Jenna as she flung her curvaceous body down on the velvet banquette seat beside Lisa.

"I guess," said Lisa, barely able to hear her own voice above the pounding base beat.

"Well drink up 'cause we're moving on shortly." 

Lisa looked at her curiously, but Jenna merely smiled in a mysterious manner and refused to reveal the next stage of her dastardly plan. Lisa could only hope that it involved a blissfully silent hotel bedroom, followed by sleep, very, very soon.

* * *

A large neon outline of a naked woman, glowing obscenely above the entrance door, strongly suggested that the club the limousine had arrived at was not for the faint hearted. 

"Come on, girls," yelled Jenna enthusiastically, her short sparkly dress riding even higher up her tanned thighs now that she was extremely drunk. "Let's go party!"

Lisa tried to hide in the semi darkness of the back seat, hoping that everybody would forget about her, but Sharon and Tammy dragged her out of the hot pink car on to the pavement anyway. 

"Here, it's about time you wore this," said Jenna in a slightly slurred voice. She rooted around in her handbag and eventually pulled a white bride's veil along with an L plate sign that she kindly pinned to Lisa's backside.

"Ouch!" shrieked Lisa when the pin jabbed her, but Jenna just laughed and yanked her inside the club before she had a chance to protest any further. 

It felt like she was entering Hell. Dark red walls and black leather furniture complimented the subdued lighting perfectly. Everywhere she looked there were half naked women of every size and shape imaginable. 

Shadowy men sat in secluded booths while dancers gyrated around poles and on tables. It was like nothing Lisa could have imagined, even in her darkest fantasies. Not that she fantasised about women, she hastily reminded herself.

Jenna, of course, was completely at home. She strode over to the bar and confidently ordered a round of drinks whilst exchanging a few words with a couple of the dancers who were standing nearby, apparently waiting for the invitation to entertain.

"I used to work here," she explained to Lisa's astonishment.

"What??" 

Jenna grinned. "I paid my way through college by dancing three nights a week in here - made a fucking fortune!"

Now that she thought about it, Lisa realised she shouldn't be all that surprised. Ever since she had met Jenna, her friend had always pushed the boundaries of what was considered acceptable behaviour. 

Lisa knew that her own life was totally vanilla compared to Jenna's, but it had never bothered her. She did however sometimes wonder why Jenna was her friend since they were complete opposites. 

But opposites attract and in many ways they complimented each other perfectly. Lisa provided the steady grounding for Jenna's increasingly wild escapades and she was always there to pick up the pieces when it all went horribly wrong.

Like the time Jenna's holiday fling from Spain turned up in their office reception with a bouquet of red roses. Lisa had been the one to go down and patiently explain to him that Jenna no longer worked there, and besides, she was married with five kids. Poor Raul had been devastated so Lisa had spent the next four hours mopping up his tears in the nearby Starbucks. Yes, Lisa was a true friend indeed.

The girls took seats at a large table near the stage and Lisa cautiously sipped the evil looking drink Jenna had given her. It looked vile, tasted even worse, and more to the point, Lisa strongly suspected it was as potent as rocket fuel. 

"I really ought to ring Brian," she muttered, feeling guilty at the thought she had only spoken to him once since they had arrived.

"Don't you dare," warned Jenna. "We're here to forget about men for one night."

"Yeah, fucking men," interjected Sharon. 

Poor Sharon, thought Lisa sympathetically. Her husband had run off with the au pair three months ago and she was still bitter.

Lisa looked around the club as the other women's conversation drifted away from men and on to fashion. She noticed that although there weren't so many women customers, there were still far more than she would have expected given the type of entertainment on offer.

She couldn't fathom it out until she noticed a poster displayed prominently on the wall near one of the podiums. Apparently tonight was a special night. It was a night where women could have a go at podium dancing in return for cash prizes. Lisa could only hope that Jenna had no plans to shove her up on the stage – that would be the height of embarrassment and Brian would never forgive her.

In fact Brian would probably have a total fit if he knew she was in this kind of establishment. He had gone to great lengths to try and stop her even coming on this hen night. It was only because Jenna threatened to end their friendship if she didn't come, that she had found the guts to stand up to him. He still hadn't talked to her for five days prior to her departure.

* * *

After three more of the evil cocktails, Lisa's head was buzzing with a strange sense of devilment. It was weird. She should have been drunker than a skunk by now, but although she was certainly drunk, she wasn't at the vomiting and blackout stage, which surprised her.

Maybe the cocktails weren't as lethal as she had first surmised. Or maybe they had a secret ingredient in them. Not that she cared much now. For the first time all evening, Lisa was actually beginning to have fun. Two of Jenna's dancer friends had given their group a table dance and Lisa had surprised herself by enjoying the show a lot.

The second girl, a lithe red head, had been a revelation. Lisa had never seen such an erotic display of athleticism. Flavia, or at least Lisa thought that was her name, had shown them all just how sensual the human body could be when it moved to music.

By the time Flavia's dance was over, Lisa had found her body aroused to an unprecedented degree. Her nipples were like hard bullets and her pussy was distinctly damp. She honestly couldn't recall the last time Brian had had such an effect on her – if he ever had. 

Jenna had watched her with a cat like grin throughout the dance and when Flavia finally sashayed away wearing only her jewel encrusted g-string, she had turned to Lisa and whispered,

"Did you like it?"

"Erm, yeah, it was...interesting," Lisa had stuttered, her cheeks hot with embarrassment. She immediately downed the rest of her drink in an attempt to quell the riot of emotions flooding her mind. Whatever was in this drink, it was dangerous.

* * *

A man in a gruesome shiny blue jacket appeared on stage. He announced that any ladies, who wished to 'strut their stuff' in return for a chance at the cash prizes, should add their names to the list behind the bar. Whistles and cheers accompanied this announcement, and Lisa shrank back into her seat with mortification.

As soon as he left the stage, Jenna jumped up and vanished in the direction of the bar. Lisa was struck with a sudden horrible premonition that her life was about to take a distinctly surreal turn. 

"Right, girls," Jenna announced with a gleeful grin upon her return, "We're all entered. So, how about another round of drinks for Dutch courage?"

"Yeah, great plan," agreed Sharon enthusiastically as she drained the last of her vodka cocktail.

"Jenna!" groaned Tammy," there is no way I'm getting up there!" She looked across the room in horror.

"Don't be silly, it'll be a laugh. Besides, I'll go first, just to show you it's not that hard."

"I'm off to the toilet," Lisa announced hurriedly. The gang watched with mixed expressions as she shot off across the club and dived through the glossy black door that said 'Ladies'.

She sat for ages on a cracked porcelain seat, thinking of how best she could extricate herself from this mess. Her vague sense of arousal had faded now, leaving only a thumping headache in the wake of too much alcohol. 

Eventually she exited the cubicle and stood in front of the large mirror above the row of sinks. The veil Jenna had given her when they arrived was sitting askew in her dark hair and she stared at her reflection; the pale, miserable looking girl staring back at her was like a stranger.

The door opened with a blast of music and Jenna appeared. "You feeling okay?" she asked quietly.

Lisa burst into unexpected tears. "I don't know," she sobbed. "I don't know what I'm doing any more!"

"Hey," said Jenna soothingly. "Are we talking about the dancing – or the marriage?"

The same sad girl was still staring back at her when she looked in the mirror again. She was confused. Up until this evening, she had thought that marriage to Brian was what she wanted. Or at least, what was right for her. Now she didn't know what she wanted. 

It wasn't just the alcohol talking. It was everything. Watching the sexy girl dance had made her think about how Brian made her feel. It was awful to admit, but she had felt more in the twenty minutes Flavia had danced for them than in the whole of her relationship with Brian.

It was hardly a good foundation for a marriage. It was dishonest to marry a man who did nothing for her sexually. Wasn't it?

"Lisa, can I be honest with you?" Jenna leaned against the sinks and looked at Lisa carefully.

"I guess," Lisa said with a sniff. "You usually are." She smiled faintly and Jenna grinned.

"You've always been a brilliant friend to me," Jenna began. "You're always there for me, regardless of the awful things I've done. Remember Raul?" she said with a rueful expression.

They both laughed.

"I suppose what I'm trying to do is tell you something I should have said a long time ago." She hesitated for a moment before continuing, "I'm sorry, but there's no easy way of saying it - Brian is a fuck head and really you could do so much better."

"Is that what you think?" Lisa was shocked. It had always been obvious that Brian and her best friend had never exactly hit it off, but Lisa hadn't realised that Jenna detested him quite so much.

"Yep. The man's a worm."

"But why have you never said anything before?"

"I didn't want to hurt you, sweetie. You're my best friend and I love you." Jenna walked over and hugged Lisa. Despite her shock, Lisa felt her body relaxing against her friend's curves. Jenna was comforting and Lisa drew reassurance from her familiar perfume. 

The alcohol had left her brain foggy, but she still knew that what Jenna had said about Brian was the truth. Deep down, she supposed she had always known this. It was hardly surprising her friends and family always kept their distance. Brian was a self absorbed, egotistical, control freak. 

So why on earth had she stuck with him for so long? 

"Do you really think I deserve better?" asked Lisa hesitantly.

Jenna released her. "Yes," she stated emphatically. "You're beautiful, sweet, and I love you to death. I've seen the way he talks to you and there have been times I felt like smacking him one." Lisa saw the anger in Jenna's eyes and felt a rush of pleasure at the thought of somebody caring enough to stand up to Brian on her behalf.

"He wouldn't have liked that," Lisa giggled. The idea of Brian being floored by a 5'3" blonde was highly amusing.

"The only reason I didn't was because knew it would hurt you in the process." She sighed. "But I saw how much you enjoyed it when Flavia danced earlier. You looked so alive! I've never seen you that way – not in all the time I've known you. That's when I knew that I couldn't let you marry that fucker. He'd smother you forever."

Lisa was silent as she processed what Jenna was telling her. She felt Jenna's hand resting lightly on her arm, her fingers stroking the smooth skin, and she suddenly felt the same heat she had felt earlier, the slow, sensual heat that had crept through her veins when the sultry Flavia had danced so erotically.

It frightened her. Immediately she took a step back, unsure what to make of this unexpected self revelation. It was something she didn't know how to deal with and she hoped that by putting space between them, it might disappear in the cold light of day.

She was drunk. It could be the only explanation. 

Jenna was watching her intently when she finally raised her eyes nervously. "Ready to dance?" she asked with a mischievous smile.

"No!" cried Lisa. Oh God! She had forgotten all about the dancing.

"Then you can watch me," grinned Jenna. She took hold of Lisa's hand and pulled her back into the dark club where the music was already playing in anticipation of the competition.

As they took their seats beside the other girls, Lisa saw a slim brunette dancing rather woodenly on the stage. Although she was fairly attractive, it was clear she had no sense of rhythm whatsoever. Several leering men sitting nearby were already making strident demands for her to "get your tits out, love!"

By the time the bump and grind track finished, Lisa felt relieved that the brunette's ordeal was over. Not that she seemed phased by her experience. Teetering on shiny red stilettos, she meandered across the room in the direction of what appeared to be her boyfriend and she was laughing and grinning happily. No doubt he had enjoyed his girlfriend's show, even if the rest of the club hadn't.

Jenna jumped up eagerly when her name was called. Lisa watched nervously as her friend whispered something to the DJ before walking confidently on to the stage. The lights went down and a slow, hypnotic track began to play from hidden speakers. 

Everyone was quiet as Jenna moved sensuously in time to the music. Unlike the previous dancer, Jenna possessed innate rhythm and grace. Her curvy, yet lithe body was born for dancing and it was apparent that, as she had already mentioned, she had indeed done this before. 

"Wow, she's really good!" marvelled Tammy from her seat beside Lisa.

Lisa didn't reply. She couldn't. She was utterly hypnotised. The blue cocktail that some kind soul had brought for her during the interlude in the toilets, was sitting forgotten on the sticky table in front of her. Conversation between her friends faded into the background as the beat of the music, in conjunction with Jenna's dancing, left Lisa slowly drowning in a sea of arousal.

Her cheeks burned hotly and her body was on fire. All thoughts of her fiancé, Brian, were obliterated in the wake of her realisation that he had never, ever made her feel this way - and it wasn't her fault as he had repeatedly told her.

Finally she understood that there was absolutely nothing wrong with her. She wasn't frigid, as Brian had insinuated on many occasions. The way she felt as she watched Jenna gyrating and swaying, with her heavy breasts almost falling out from their cups, she knew for certain that she was capable of experiencing desire.

At this pivotal moment in her life, she realised that she desired Jenna more than anything. Somehow she sensed that Jenna felt the same way; indeed, she now felt certain that Jenna had been trying to make her see this for a long time.

Jenna held her gaze as she slowly gyrated around the chrome pole in the centre of the stage. Various men wolf whistled and made lewd comments, but most of the audience seemed as entranced as Lisa.

With a slow, sexy smile, Jenna slipped her dress down to reveal her black, lace bra. The dress dropped to the floor in a pile of shimmering fabric and Lisa was drawn to the pale flesh of her breasts as they hung in a pendulous fashion within their lacy confines. The barest hint of rosy aureoles was visible above the lace and when Jenna deliberately slid her hands across her tits, Lisa sucked in a sharp breath, suddenly desperate to see what was hidden beneath.

Subconsciously she rubbed her trembling thighs together, trying to relieve the insistent ache that throbbed between her legs. Her skin was burning and she could feel the moisture that trickled from her body, soaking her knickers with creamy arousal. The hot room shrank until it was only the two of them and Lisa felt herself slowly falling deeper and deeper into a seething cauldron of dark desire.

The tempo of the music changed and the beat grew faster as both the song and the dance headed for a climax. Jenna upped her teasing and moved closer to the edge of the stage, allowing her audience to almost reach out and touch her exposed flesh.

Oh how Lisa wanted to touch her. The urge was so strong that her knuckles were white from the force with which she gripped the side of her chair. With a lick of her lips, Jenna finally released the catch of her bra, and the garment fell to the floor. She cupped her own breasts and moved closer to the audience, shimmying her hips in a blatant sexual invitation. When the music abruptly ended, the audience clapped and cheered with enthusiasm while Jenna picked up her clothes, briefly blowing a kiss in Lisa's direction.

* * *

Lisa felt sick with anticipation as their hotel room closed shut with a sense of finality. Outside she heard Sharon's drunken laughter echoing down the corridor, muffled slightly by the plush carpet, but still loud enough to assure that they would have complaints the following morning.

Jenna sauntered into the cavernous bathroom, kicking off her silver shoes as she went. Lisa was dimly aware of the sound of water flowing as she collapsed on top of one of the double beds, but she closed her eyes and tried to calm her tempestuous thoughts.

Although a few of the other girls had danced, Lisa had managed to worm her way out of it. Despite the gentle teasing Lisa had subsequently endured, Jenna at least remained silent on the subject and hadn't tried to talk her into it.

Instead, her friend took a seat beside Lisa and stayed uncharacteristically quiet for the next hour. The only time she moved was to collect her prize money from the club manager. It was more than enough to pay their bar tab – much to Lisa's relief.
