 Her pink cheeks are flush with the excitement of telling a story. Her blonde hair rests on her shoulders. Her blue eyes are wide and they look to me for approval. I turn up the corners of my mouth and she continues with more vivacity. The innocence and naivety pour from her ink- pen blue eyes. I am not listening as intently as I should be.

I am thinking about removing her clothes and uncovering her milky white skin. Some of her clothing betrays her. I can see the curves of her body. I can see her creamy, swollen breasts, long silky thighs, and the golden down of a natural blonde.

Her eyes flash with enthusiasm of reciting her tale. She is a beautiful angel whom I wish to give the wondrous hypnotic sensation of sweet sensual love. I long to kiss her shoulder and swirl my tongue around her taut nipples. My goal is to have her lily white skin speckled with goosebumps and a hot desire grow between her legs.

But there is no yielding in her eyes. I knew that if I wanted to have my way with her I was going to have to start things out slowly. Very slowly. I was hoping to give her pleasures that she had not even experienced from a man. I gently placed my hand on her arm. Her skin was warm to my touch. I looked sideways at her and smiled. I was urged on by the fact that she didn't react dramatically to my hand on her arm. I turned and looked her straight in the face.

"Do you want to come upstairs to my room?" 

"Sure." I couldn't believe that she had agreed. I started to panic as I led her up the stairs. I didn't expect her to say yes and I didn't know what the hell I was going to do once we got to my bedroom. I opened the door to the tiny room and escorted her in. I shut the door behind me. I plugged in the Christmas lights that I still had up around my closet door and lit some candles. She sat down on my bed and crossed her legs Indian style. I sat across from her in the same position. 

"Have you ever wondered what it would be like to be with a woman?" I thought that maybe my question was a bit bold and I regretted asking it immediately.

"Not really. Why, have you?" 

"Actually, I've been with a woman, but I was to shy to do anything to her, and I wonder what it would be like."

"Wow. I can't believe that you've been with a woman. Was it weird?"

"At first it was, but I was really into it." I uncrossed my legs and leaned closer to her. I wanted to kiss her but I couldn't tell if she would be okay with it or not. Learning from past experiences I shed all of my inhibitions and went for it. I leaned in and kissed her softly on the lips. To my surprise she kissed me back. I pulled away and looked at her. "Was it weird?"

"A little."

"Can we do it again?" She nodded her head. I moved towards her and kissed her again. I nibbled her bottom lip and she let her mouth part. I slid my tongue into her warm mouth and kissed her sweetly. I lightly caressed her arm while I kissed her and before I know it I was undoing the buttons of her shirt, and she didn't stop me. 

I pulled my red angora sweater over my head and tossed it on the floor. I dipped my head low and licked her neck. I wrapped my arms around her and unclasped her bra. I slid the white lace garment away from her body and threw it to the floor. I gently pushed her down onto the bed and her golden hair fanned about her head and she was a diaphanous angel staring up at me. I took her left nipple into my mouth and flicked it with my tongue until it became taut. I kissed the swell of her breast. I trailed my tongue into the valley between her breasts and planted a kiss there. A soft murmur escaped from her lips. I moved to the other breast and repeated the same procedure.

I realized that it wasn't fair for her to have her bra off and I was still wearing mine so I reached behind me and undid the clasp. I let the red silk bra fall to the floor. My small breasts stood pert as my nipples grew hard with excitement. I picked up her hand and placed it on my right breast. Her fingers trembled as she stroked my breast. I kissed her fingertips and placed her hand next to her body. I covered her pale body with kisses. She clutched at my shoulders and moved her head from side to side.

I undid her pants and pulled them away from her temptress legs. I started to kiss and lick a scorching trail along her inner thighs. She giggled. O looked up at her and her eyes were clenched shut and she was biting her lower lip. I smiled because I knew that she was enjoying herself. I stripped away her sky blue panties to reveal a neatly shaven triangle of golden fleece. I pushed my nose into her pubic hair and inhaled her desire. I parted her thighs and hovered above her clitoris. I let my moist, warm breath flow over her most sensitive spot. 

I stuck out my tongue and placed it on her clitoris. She gasped with delight. I put my hand on her stomach to settle her. I flicked my tongue back on forth and her body writhed beneath me. I sucked the most intimate part of her into my mouth and gently suckled on her. She moved her hips from side to side in appreciation. I was excited by the pleasure that I was giving her. Her body tensed with delight and she put her hand on my shoulder and let herself enjoy the probing wetness between her legs.

She breathed in deep and heavily. She moved her hips up and down very slowly. I continued a steady rhythm even though she started to move her hips faster. I pushed my tongue through all the folds of her body so that I could keep hitting her hot spot. I worshipped her body with my tongue and within minutes her hips started to bounce uncontrollably. She arched her back and let out a soft moan. I put my hand on her stomach and gently flicked my tongue over her until she stopped moving and let out a sigh.

I settled down next to her and pulled her close to me. "Thank you for letting me erase my one regret in life."

"No, thank you. For opening my eyes up to pleasure."