 "Okay honey, I love you. Be safe." We kissed our goodbyes and then I watched my husband leave for his bi-annual long weekend golfing trip. As he drove off, my hand went surreptitiously to the crotch of my teddy. I could feel a mixture of his and my juices as they leaked from my pussy. Pushing the fabric aside, I ran my finger through the cleft of my cunt, gathering up as much as I could and then licking myself clean. He had fucked me this morning as he always did before he left. After several years together, my husband knew what turned me on. At least he did when it came to men. I never had any inclinations of cheating on him with another man. But lately, there had been something that had been eating at my soul. A desire was growing in me and this weekend, I was determined to satisfy it.

So there I was. Alone in the house for three days. Still standing at the window, I watched Joann, our neighbor as she ran to her car. Her tits were bouncing a bit under her shirt as she hurried back to the house for something. I watched a bit more, enjoying the sight of her body but soon she too left. Walking to the kitchen, I fixed myself a cup of coffee and then sat down at my computer. The screen blazed on as I activated it and soon I was perusing my favorite sites. There they were. Beautiful women, naked, kissing, licking, sucking each other. My nipples started to harden and I shrugged off my teddy. The cool leather of my chair felt wonderful against my bare skin as I started to rub my hands over my breasts. I switched to another site and began to read stories about women enjoying each others bodies. One hand drifted to my crotch, rubbing my clit. The other tweaked my nipples, pulling and twisting them to rock hard. My eyes glazed over as I read the words, imagining myself as one of those women in the story, alone with another girl. My imagination reeled as I thought of what we would do together and I brought myself off to a very satisfying climax. I could feel my juices running down the crack of my ass to pool onto the leather of the seat. Again, I scooped up as much cum as I could and licked my hand, pretending it was her juices I was tasting. My nipples still were tingling as I got up, wiped the seat off with my teddy, grabbed my coffee and headed to the bathroom to give myself a nice long soak in bubbles.

As I was relaxing in the tub, I was contemplating on if I should do it or not. As I said, I loved my husband very much and would never even think of cheating on him with another man. But lately, I was thinking of picking up another woman. Doubts crossed my mind as I soaked in the water. I had planned for this weekend for a while now. Usually, I treated myself to a spa day. Hell, if he could waste money whacking a little ball around while getting drunk at night with his buddies, I was more than justified in treating myself to a manicure and a massage. But ever since that night, my mind began to formulate something else. We had been watching a movie together on the couch when a lesbian scene came on. My head was resting on his lap and I felt his manhood begin to swell. I giggled lightly to myself, and, having no interest to what was going on in the movie at that point, moved my head up, pulled his shorts down and began to suck him off. His breathing became ragged as my lips moved up and down his shaft. But as I did this, I could here what was happening on the screen and I found myself becoming moist just from the two women together. Nothing like this had turned me on before but I could here their moans and screams as each brought the other off. Suddenly, my hubby's dick lurched and filled my mouth with his seed which I quickly swallowed. After it was over, he and I had a good laugh at the situation. I joked with him that if he had gotten this turned on by two women, maybe we should invite one to our bed. He called my bluff and said he knew of a couple that would be more than willing. I stuck my tongue out, turned around and flounced off to the bathroom. He had brought up the idea once or twice before and I had quickly shot it down. But for some reason, that night I didn't say no.

The next day, when he went to work, I replayed the scene from the movie. Watching it several times, my hand drifted down to my crotch and I brought myself off to a mini climax. Wanting more, I hopped on the computer and looked up lesbian porn. Most of it was garbage but some was beautiful. I could imagine what it was like to be with a woman on the screen. Again, I started fingering myself through my panties. One of the sites had a link to erotic stories so I clicked it and after selecting the right category, began to read some wonderful pieces. I especially concentrated on first time experiences and bisexual women. While reading, I had a couple of wonderful cums. My juices coated my fingers and for the first time that day, I tasted myself. It was at that point that I decided the next time he went for his golf trip, I would try something that I never had a desire for before. I would find and have sex with another woman.

So here I am soaking in the tub, trying to decide if I would go through with it. I knew if it wasn't tonight, I would talk myself out of it. My heart began to race at the thought of what I would be attempting in the next twelve hours. I shaved my body baby smooth, leaving a small landing strip of hair above my pussy. After cleaning myself thoroughly, both inside and out, I began my day in earnest. Time moved too slow for me. I kept checking the clock every few minutes, it felt like six would never arrive. But, finally I started to get ready for tonight. It occurred to me that I hadn't gotten dolled up like this in a long time and when I was finished, I thought I looked pretty damn hot. It had taken about an hour and a half to fix everything up just right, so it was closer to eight when I got in the car, opened the garage and drove off downtown.

There is a section of the city where I live called The Rock. It's where a lot of pubs and taverns are and if I was younger, that's probably where I would go. But there is this one club in Enmore, the Sly Fox, that I was heading to. I had googled it and it seemed the most likely place to find what I was looking for. The drive down didn't take to long and before I knew it, I was parking my car in the lot. I sat there for a few minutes, steeling my nerves. I could leave now, make it home by nine and relax, flinging this ridiculous fantasy out of my mind with a bottle of red and the television. "Or," I thought to myself, "you can buck up and go do this." Taking a deep breath, I got out and walked to the door. After showing my ID to the rather effeminate man at the door, I walked in. The interior was just like a club. Pool tables, a bar, and a nice assortment of all types, both men and women. Sitting my ass at the bar, I ordered a gin and tonic and started to look around. The bartender had just put down my drink when I felt a hand on my shoulder. 

"First time, huh?" I looked to my right as a rather pretty woman sat down next to me. She had short blonde hair and looked to be my age.

"That obvious?" I laughed nervously.

"Well, you do have that kinda deer-in-the-headlights look to ya." At that, we both laughed. After introducing ourselves, she and I had a wonderful conversation right up to the point where she said "Let me guess. Hubby's out for the night and you want to taste the forbidden fruit." My eyes got big and I started to shake my head no until she pointed out that I still had my wedding band on. I closed my eyes in embarrassment when she laid her hand on my arm, leaned in and whispered "It's okay luv. I was there too once. I'll tell you what. Here's my address. If you want it, come on over. If not, I understand." With that, she got up off the stool and left.

I sat there in contemplation, just looking at the card while sipping on my third G&T. When I finished, I paid my tab and walked a little unsteadily in my heels up the stairs. Knowing I was too tipsy to drive, I hailed a taxi down. When the driver asked what address, I hesitated for a second before handing him the card that I had been given. The drive was surprisingly short, only a couple of minutes, before I was dropped off at a brown stone in the Newton district. I closed my eyes for a second before knocking at the door. She opened the door, smiling at me. Dressed in a silken robe that barely touched her knees, she gently grabbed my arm, leading me inside. The place was immaculately clean. A few candles had been lit and the entire living room smelled of incense. An unopened bottle of red was sitting on the coffee table with two glasses. "Hmmm. Expecting someone?" I said with a smile on my face.

"Now that you mention it, yeah, I am." She replied smiling back.

"Well, I hope she doesn't disappoint you."

"Oh no. I have total faith that she will be a wonderful guest." With that, she took my hands in hers and pulled me close. She was just an inch shorter than me so when she leaned her face in, her eyes closed and her lips inviting, I didn't have to lean over awkwardly to kiss her. Thoughts raced through my mind as our lips met. We touched for a second before she pulled back, still smiling. I knew what she was wanting to see. She wanted to know if I really wanted this. Well, I really did. Releasing her hands, I cupped her face and pulled her into another kiss, this time deeper. My mouth opened slightly and I could feel her tongue push past my lips, invading my mouth. I wrapped my arms around her tightly, pulling her close to my body. Our tits mashed together and I knew she could feel my nipples poking into her as I felt hers poking me.

Finally, we released the embrace and with a quick kiss on my lips, she pulled back, her hands holding mine again. We just looked at each other before she broke the silence by asking if I was thirsty and to make myself comfortable. I nodded yes before sitting on the couch and removing my pumps. I watched her as she bent over and began to pour the wine. Her ass and bared legs were just a foot from me. I couldn't help myself and reached out to touch the back of her knee. I heard a light giggle and she spread her legs open, letting me know what I was doing was okay. My hand traveled up between her legs, lifting the robe higher. Finally, she stood and sighed when my hand touched the crotch of her thong. She turned around, my hand still on her, walked over the few feet between us, knelt down and started to unbutton my blouse. With each one undone, she touched my skin, caressing me a bit before moving to the next. The button that exposed my breast to her took the longest as she not only touched my tits but leaned in, inhaling my scent. Her tongue darted out and licked each tit. My breath caught in my throat at this. I was getting so turned on, I just wanted to rip off my clothes right then. But, I fought the urge and let her take her time.

When she was finished with my blouse, she reached out and undid my bra. My tits spilled out and immediately, her mouth affixed to my right tit, sucking and nibbling at my nipple before moving to my left. I sighed and pulled her head in tighter as I felt her hands at my waist, undoing my belt and lowering not only my skirt but also my panties, which were soaked with my juices. Still kneeling, she started kissing down my body. I felt her hands on my knees, spreading my legs wider as her head dipped between the cleft of my pussy. I leaned back in pleasure, my hands caressing her hair as she began to eat me out. My husband had given me oral pleasure several times and he was pretty good but she was amazing. I was soon moaning, pulling her head tighter against my pussy. She then reached up and inserted two fingers deep in me. She curled them and I felt her nails scraping my g spot. My legs shot up in the air and I screamed out as my muscles tightened and my cum shot out of my hole, coating her face. She pulled back after I came down of the high, her face glistening with my secretions. I had to catch my breath as she sat next to me, handing me a glass of wine. I pulled her close, smelling myself on her and in between sips of wine, cleaned her face of with my tongue.

When we finished the glasses, she stood up and helped me up off the couch. I shrugged off my blouse and bra, leaving them crumpled on the living room floor as she took me by the hand and led me to the back bedroom. The she adjusted the lights to a dim glow, turned to face me and undid the belt of her robe. It dropped to the floor and she stood in front of me, her red lingerie contrasting nicely with her pale skin. I hesitantly walked to her, reaching out and touching her body with my hand. Kneeling in front of her as she did me, I grasped the waistband of her panties, slowly dragging them down. She was clean shaven and I could see and smell the dew drops of her arousal. My mouth began to water as she backed away from me, laying down on the bed. She had undone her bra and I spotted small metal loops piercing each nipple. I climbed on top of her, kissing her gently. Moving down her body, I covered her with kisses until I reached her nipples. Impulsively, my teeth clenched down on the ring on her left nipple. I pulled gently and heard her gasp. Returning to sucking, I made my way to her right nipple and did the same thing. She gasped again, her back arching off the bed.

I eventually made my way down her body. Pausing briefly to dip my tongue and lick her navel, I finally reached my destination. I paused for a briefest second. Her pussy lips were engorged, spread open, revealing the pinkness within. I would find out later that she had orgasmed just from me sucking on her tits. But for now, I leaned in, inhaling her scent. Leaning down, I started licking her bald lips, collecting the juices that had run out of her. I could hear her labored breathing as my tongue finally touched her clit. Not really sure what to do, I began to do whatever my husband did to me, knowing that felt nice. It must have worked wonders because I barely started tonguing her hole before her back arched again and cum shot down my throat. I didn't even know that women could shoot like men but then it happened again before she started to relax. I didn't want it to end so I pulled back, inserted to of my fingers and curled them just like she had done to me. I intently watched her face, wanting to see her expression as the orgasm hit. She clenched her teeth before forming an "O" with her lips. A long moan escaped her throat as she coated my hand. 

"Please, no more" she whispered. I giggled and withdrew my fingers which had been lightly teasing her clit. Sliding up the bed next to her, I laid on my side, our naked flesh touching. She had the most contented smile on her face. I looked down at her, smiling at the sight of her pleasure, knowing that I caused it. "God, that was wonderful." she breathed. "Are you sure you've never done this before?"

"Nope. You're the first." I replied, smiling at her compliment.

"Well dearie, you're a natural. I have a lot of girlfriends that would love to meet you if you are interested." A brief image flittered across my mind. Me, naked, surrounded by many women in all their glory. It was tempting to say yes but I knew that I had gone as far as I was willing to go tonight.

"Give me some time to think on it, okay?" She smiled up at me, caressed my face, pulling me into a gentle kiss goodbye.

"Just keep that card. Anytime you want to, call me and we will meet. Okay?" I nodded, smiled, and with one more kiss, got up off the bed, dressed and called a cab to come pick me up.

****************

A couple of months later, my husband had to travel for work. He would be gone for the whole week. I never told him what I had done that night, holding it inside me like a treasured gift. The card was still in my purse. I had thought about throwing it away but every time I touched it, my mind went back to that night. As I returned home from dropping him off at the airport, I reached in to my purse and pulled out the card. A smile spread on my face as I began to dial the number.

For Penny :)