 I didn't really understand the meaning of the word until I met her. It was a casual encounter. Out with friends, having drinks on a Thursday evening. She was a friend of a friend and I was immediately drawn to her....unsure why, but curious, we began to talk. 

A few glasses of wine later, inhibitions started to relax, we began to speak candidly, I found myself telling her things I'd never told another soul. She reciprocated, she gazed into my eyes and as I looked into her eyes it was like seeing into her soul!

She was smoldering, full of lust. I leaned in to whisper into her ear and my nostrils were filled with the most intoxicating scent, her scent. Our mouths were mere inches away from connecting, I took another deep breath and the scent hypnotized me like some sort of a strange drug. 

It felt like there wasn't another soul in the universe at that moment. It was just her and I, completely connected. Emotionally, physically, sexually. 

We gazed into one another's eyes for what seemed like hours, but I'm certain it was only seconds before she leaned in and kissed me so sweetly, so gently. Her sweet tongue teased at my lips and I opened my mouth willingly. A soft moan escaped and she began making love to my mouth with her tongue. 

Our tongues intertwined, she tasted amazing! The headiness of the wine and the musky taste of her last cigarette shot sparks of lust from my mouth straight down to my sex. 

Suddenly she pulled away, looked at me and said, "Jessica you are a bad girl, I'm thinking you need to be spanked." I wasn't sure if she was serious or kidding, so I smiled and told her I thought she might be right!

We paid our bar tab and left our friends behind. I agreed to follow her to her place. 

As I drove I wondered what I had gotten myself into, but my pussy was throbbing and I needed release so desperately! Somehow I knew she held the key to my release. 

We pulled up to an amazing Victorian style home and as I exited my car she stood there and held my hand as I got out. 

In a flash she was pinning me against my car, she became very aggressive! Her tongue stuck down my throat, her hands all over my tits and up my skirt! She found my panties very wet. She rubbed my pussy for a moment, making me squirm and moan. She pulled her hand away and put her fingers to her nose, smiled at me and said, "perfect". 

She took my hand and led me into her home. There were candles lit everywhere, a luminous glow. From somewhere I heard soft music playing. She turned and kissed me gently, leaning me against the inside of the front door she began to unbutton my blouse. 

After my blouse was unbuttoned to my waist she stood back and took in the sight of my near perfect breast and tummy. She smiled and asked me to slide my skirt down my hips. I reached around and unzipped my skirt and slid it down and let it drop to the floor around my ankles. 

She immediately dropped to her knees and pushed my panties to the side and began to suck my clit and finger my pussy! The intensity shattered me and my hips bucked uncontrollably! I grabbed her head mashing my pussy into her sweet face harder and harder! Within seconds I was filling her mouth with my sweet cum. She stood and fed me my own juices with an all consuming french kiss. I was certain I was in love at this point. 

She took my hand and I stepped out of my skirt as she led me to her room.....an amazing white linen and silk haven, it looked and felt like the clouds of heaven. She laid me gently on her bed and began to undress. 

As I watched her pull her top over her head I was mesmerized by her black leather corset that she had hidden so sweetly under her sweater. I was awestruck by her beauty, her porcelain skin against shinny black leather. She reached around and unzipped her pencil skirt and pushed it down her slim hips to reveal thigh high leather boots. There before me was my new found queen in her corset and thigh highs.

I could feel my pussy gushing again just at the sight of her. She came to me, gently kissed my mouth and said, "trust me." 

She turned me over onto a pillow that resembled a ramp of sorts, I smiled to myself thinking "ass up, face down", an instant later I felt the cold hard smack of crop smack my ass. 

I yelped at the sting, and suddenly fear came to mind as I remembered her saying, "you need to be spanked" It was then I realized she had been serious. My queen was just that! THE QUEEN! Again she smacked my ass with the crop! 

I began to squirm, she told me to hold on, just two more and my punishment would be sufficient! 

She purred as she told me that she'd reward me with sexual release unlike anything I'd ever experienced before or would ever experience again! 

ONE..........I flinched........TWO.....I realized that my pussy was so wet that it had coated my inner thighs! 

She came to me, kissed the marks on my ass and slid the ball end of the crop deep inside of my pussy. I moaned and thought I would cum instantly!!

She coached me to "hold on....not yet baby!" She was softly whispering in my ear, "hold your cum angel, let me guide you to the most intense orgasm you've ever had." 

She began to fuck me with her crop hard! Shoving it in so deep, brutalizing my cervix! So hard, faster and faster, my legs were quivering and she was laying on top of me now ramming the crop deep inside of my now gushing cunt. I was screaming, "fuck me baby, fuck me harder...please!!!" I was begging for release pleading "PLEEEEAAASSEEEE!" 

She kept ramming my cunt with her crop and reached underneath me and began rubbing my clit! She was hissing now, "cum for me baby, cum for me now!" 

I felt all of my insides contracting, I was so close! I was whimpering..."please don't stop" over and over I chanted "please don't stop!" 

And then it hit me! Long, hard, deep, earth shattering....wave after wave! The orgasmic wave began high in my tummy and worked down into my pussy, shot down my thighs and out my extremities! It was an orgasm unlike any other I had ever felt. My cunt was squirting cum everywhere! The only thing that could be heard was my whimpering and the beautiful sound of my gushing pussy getting ravaged! 

And it was because of "her"........until next time ~J~