 I look at her, my breath freezes with every glance; I can't take it any more! I want to kiss her cherry colour lips. She is so perfect unlike me. She is magical; something that shouldn't exist but does. Her hair is dark as the night sky, so beautiful and unique. Why am I attracted to her? Of all people, I fall madly in love with not only a girl but her... 

Hi I'm Dylan, just turned 20 and well I guess just turned for girls to. I know many would disagree with what I just said but its true, I was completely straight before her and hey maybe I am bi or hetro or gay but I'm not too big on labels, so lets skip ahead. I bet you wanna know a bit about me, so I will give you an insight... just this once! I am 5'6, dark features, tanned skin, curvy to some extent. I like sports, really into basketball and football/soccer... wow this sounds like I'm applying for a dating app, so on that note, that's enough about me. Anyway I'm going to be pretty open and tell you the story of my first crush or in other words my first time with/dating a girl. 

So I guess it all started when I was 19, my life was pretty good. I had a cute boyfriend who was super sweet. I wasn't popular but I had friends. I was in my first year of uni, which was fun! Now I missed a year of school so I was set back. I should've been in my second year but yeah you get it. I was roomed with one pretty cool person, who now means a lot to me. We spent a lot of time together, like within in the first week we became close friends. Oh I forgot to mention her name, it's Andy. We were so different but so alike at the same time. She was deffo more chilled and casual, where as I tried to always put effort into everything I did. Andy was different to all of my other friends; she got me on a different level, which was weird but good at the same time. 

Haha before I go on... Andy is not "her", she is totally straight, well as far as I know and we were more like sisters. So hold on, I'm getting to her. 

Ok so one weekend, Andy went to see her brother, which meant I was left by myself. Well kinda, I still had my boyfriend (Jason). We were going to hang but he got dragged off with the boys. So yeah it ended up with Netflix and me. It was a pretty chilled evening, well up until when I went to the bathroom and slipped on ANDY'S TOWEL! I swear to god that girl is a slob. Anyway I went to the first aid room to look for an ice pack and I guess I got caught lol. The thing is you're not really allowed to go into that room without authority. I put my hands up and explained the situation; I then turned around and was taken aback by this person. She was like so cool. Like pretty as well but she had such an awesome vibe about her. She stood there and laughed at me for a good 10/15min, which wasn't fun at all. Once she was finished, she then sat me down and checked me out. 

If you haven't caught on, she may be "her"... 

She wouldn't let me leave the first aid room until I was in the clear. She told me to lie down on the bed and she would be back. I remember asking her not to go, that I was scared to be alone. She smiled a lot from that point and stayed with me. She sat on the chair and kept me awake. I learnt that she was 3rd year, studying to become an architect. She said she loves art and the idea of being in control of something, well everything. I was in awe of her, like I said she was super cool, so much confidence. She made me smile to the point that my cheeks were hurting non stop. I told her that and she apologised and then rubbed them for a bit. I was a little unsure on why she did that but then again I liked it. We talked about me also, it was a real conversation and I loved it. Hey it was better than just Netflix and me lol. After a few hours she said I was fine to go to sleep and she helped me back to my dorm. I stood in my doorway with her opposite me; I could barley look in her eyes. I remember her telling me that she will catch up with me tomorrow or something. When she left I collapsed on the bed and all I could think about was "her". 

Ok so are you caught up? Yup she is her and I was totally lusting over her. The thing was, I just didn't know it. I remember back then I thought she was super cool and more like someone to look up to. I was 19 and she was 21, that's awesome to me lol. Anyway lets carry on. 

When I woke up on that Saturday morning I heard a knock on my door; excited that it was her, I jumped out of my bed and quickly opened it. It was my boyfriend ready to take me out for breakfast. Although I was happy we were going to spend some time together, I was a little upset for some reason. Scratching my feelings I got changed and left with Jason to go eat. It was a nice breakfast date; he really does make me smile but its different to how she does it. 

After several hours of hanging out, Jason had to get back to the boys and so I went up to my dorm. On the way up I walked into a door... my luck is generally bad but this, well this is extreme lol. I fell back and ended up sitting on the floor. When I looked up, I saw her. She was laughing to start with but then asked if I was ok. She knelt down, pushed a strand of my hair back, I remember feeling shivers go through me, I got this weird feeling in my tummy, she said we should stop meeting like this, it's a bad habit. We laughed and she helped me up. She took me to that first aid room and got me an ice pack; we sat and spoke for a bit. I wont lie, I was very happy that I bumped into her! She asked me what I was doing tonight and being honest I said having a date with Netflix. She smiled at me and said oh, well that's too bad, I wanted to see if you were free to go out. I blurted out way too fast that I wanted to as well, so fast she laughed at me. She also called me cute, that was the first time, and it was nice. She told me awesome and said she would knock for me at 9:30pm. 

I won't lie, I had a lot of firsts with this person! 

From that point on all I remembered was that I was very nervous, I spent ages getting ready... I mean ages! 

I showered, washed my hair, made sure I was bare everywhere (it makes me feel clean). I picked out what I called a trendy but also a cute outfit, did some light make up and waited for her to knock... ok well I didn't just wait for her, I did some school work and listened to music. I didn't put on my outfit just yet because I wanted everything to be perfect; so sitting on the bed listening to music, there was a knock... seen as it was only just 9pm, I thought it might have been Jason. I shouted out come in. A voice said, well then you didn't have to do this for me, knowing it wasn't Jason. I turned over and saw her. I was so embarrassed. I kept saying sorry but she shook it off like it was nothing. She came next to me and knelt down on the floor. She said to me its nothing bad and that I look good. I got that tummy feeling again but before I could think about it anymore, she slapped my behind and then told me to put some more clothes on. 

So do you see what I mean, she was so cool, I hardly knew her but she was super chill and awesome and everything and... well you get the point. That night I was nervous and I embarrassed myself but once again I didn't know why I felt this way. It's funny looking back now. 

I got changed, well put the rest of my clothes on and we left. She took me to a cool bar/club. It wasn't my usual scene, I'm more of a stay at home person but I couldn't say no to her. We danced and drank. I drank a lot, well ok 4 but I am a lightweight. I started to feel dizzy and everything was a blur... I held onto her and pulled her to a seat. I told her that I felt weird. She looked at me and said we should go back to the dorms. I refused and jumped back up onto the dance floor, I didn't want my time with her to end. I kept dancing, I remember seeing her sitting and watching me. Her with her skinny jeans and baggy tee, her with her multiple earrings and baseball hat, just her in general. 

She stood up and took hold of me; she brought me close and spun me round. We started dancing together; I smiled and smiled at her. She spun me again but this time I got dizzy and slipped; she fell on top of me. We looked at each other, and then I looked down. She brought my chin up and kissed me, I pulled away but then she kissed me again and I was hers. I was in a trance, I suddenly became sober and all I wanted was her. 

I remember after the point that we kissed, that I couldn't go back. I knew I would regret it the next day but in that moment of time, I felt so good I didn't care. I still feel that way today and it was certainly a good thing! 

With my eyes wide open, we stood up and headed back to the dorms. We went into my room; she looked at me with lustful eyes and then after what felt like hours, she pushed me down onto the bed and climbed on top of me. She whispered in my ear if I wanted to do this. I nodded and then she kissed me, at first it was rough but then it became soft and slow, she was teasing me, she was making me want more. I tried to take some control but she wouldn't let me, she was insistent that she was the lead. I laid there feeling so many mixed emotions of what was happening. With every touch my body shook. She knew what she was doing and I wanted more and more of it. 

She sat me up and removed my crop top and bra; she took it nice and slow. She worked her way down to my navel; she had me speaking in tongues because with each soft kiss, I would let out a soft small moan. She reached her hand up to my nipple and pinched it, my body reacted and I felt myself becoming wet in a certain area. I had no idea what this girl was doing to me; I have never felt this way. She defiantly knew how to satisfy me. She then came back up to me and kissed me on the lips, I loved it when she kissed me! After trapping me with her eyes, she lowered her mouth to my nipples and got me screaming her name. She worked between both breast, I though I was going to orgasm from that. Lets just say she had me on edge for a long time. After teasing me she finally went downwards. 

This was my first time with a girl, so I didn't know what to expect but who does? 

She pulled down my skirt and sat in between my legs, and just looked. She then started slowly kissing up and down my thighs, she knew how to make my heart beat faster, I was so weak but yet also strong when I was with her. She pushed my panties to the side and kissed me there, my hips buckled I wanted more. 

Hi this is the writer, if you would like me to finish this story comment below and I will make a second chapter. I hope your enjoyed it so far!