 I’m sure everyone has a fantasy or two that they never share with others and never even think of making a reality.  I was one of those people.  Until I met Mark.

We met online and after spending a long time getting to know each other, things progressed to a sexual level.  He shared a lot of his deep, dark fantasies with me and obviously I did the same.

Like many other women I am sure, I have always wanted to be with another woman.  Just to see if what all the lesbians say is true... that one woman can satisfy another better because, after all, women know what other women want.
Mark encouraged me to live out that fantasy, but of course, the question was... WHO with???  You can’t exactly just walk up to one of your girl friends and tell them you want to experiment with lesbian sex!!

I’ve known Desiree for close to 15 years.  She’s my best friend’s daughter.  She was a cute little 11-year old with pigtails when I first met her.  Due to something very tragic that happened to her when she was 18, she became a lesbian.

When her mom passed away in 2013 she moved to the UK and we kind of lost touch for a bit (just the odd email every now and then).  She returned to South Africa in January 2016 and we started talking again regularly.  She lives quite far from me (about 1100km) so I didn’t see her right away when she got back.

In June she called me one day and asked if she could come and visit for a long weekend.  I was thrilled that she was coming.  When Mark heard about the visit he immediately thought about my fantasy and said that it was a perfect opportunity.  I, however, had my doubts.  I mean she is 16 years younger than me and I was her mom’s best friend!

I introduced the two of them a while back (online) and he said he will talk to her and try to establish what her feelings towards me were.  Turns out, she’s always had a “crush” on me.  He was ecstatic of course and told her about my fantasy which piqued her interest!
Ok, enough background.  I literally counted the days until her visit but I have to add I was nervous as hell.  After hours of chatting and catching up we decided to go to bed. 
 Naturally, she stayed with me in my room.  Another 30 minutes of talking followed and then she made the first move.  (She is the one with the experience after all.)

She rolled over to me and kissed me.  Soft, sensual, lingering kisses that had me wet instantly.  Her hand slipping under my pajama top, squeezing my tits, softly pinching my hard nipples.  I let out a soft moan.

She must have felt my uncertainty.  She broke the kiss and whispered: “Just lay back and enjoy.  This is for YOUR pleasure”.

We got rid of our pj’s in record time and as I settled back down onto my back on the bed, she straddled my hips, leaned down and kissed me again.  The thoughts running through my mind as I felt her smooth pussy press against my stomach... mmmm... indescribable!!

Agonizingly slow she started trailing kisses down my neck.  Kissing, nibbling, licking in all the right spots, just making me squirm with desire.  Her tongue circled my nipple a few times before she pulled away and blew on the wetness, causing my nipple to harden to the point where it hurt.

Her hand moved to my other breast, rolling the nipple between her thumb and forefinger.  Tugging and releasing.  She sucked hard on the one she was busy with, nipping it with her teeth and making me cry out with pleasure (or was it pain?).

Alternating between my breasts with her expert mouth until I felt as though I was going to cum.  I squirmed beneath her.  She started kissing her way further down my body, lingering to flick her tongue in and out my navel.  Her hands staying on my tits, caressing them, driving me absolutely wild!!

She ran her tongue further down, along my swollen lips, yet avoiding the spot I so badly wanted her to touch.  I lifted my hips but to no avail.  She kept sucking on my pussy lips and I could feel my creamy juices flowing out of me.  Finally she licked up my soaking wet slit and flicked her tongue over my clit before taking it into her mouth and sucking hard.  I gasped as ripples of pleasure ran through my body.

She completely covered my pussy with her mouth, darting her tongue in and out of my wet hole.  OMG this was truly amazing and I finally realized that there is SOME truth to the fact that women knew better about what to do.
She returned her attention to my clit.  Sucking, licking and the occasional nibble.  She plunged 2 fingers into my soaking cunt and started fucking me.  Then reaching deep inside to touch that ever elusive spot not many men can find!  It was like a volcano erupting inside me as I came hard.  The best, most powerful orgasm I have ever had in my whole life.

She lapped up all my juices and gave my clit a final lick before climbing off me and pulling me to her for a kiss.  Tasting myself on her soft tongue was awesome.  We did not talk.  The kiss turned more passionate and I could feel myself getting wet again.

A little unsure of myself I moved my hand down her back, cupping her ass and squeezing it.  She rolled over onto her back, pulling me with her.

I knew what she desired and was eager to return the favor.  But that is a story for another day.