 The alarm was going off again, and after hitting the snooze for the third time, I was finally starting to wake up. I was fading in and out of the dream state I was in, and was feeling incredibly horny. I couldn’t dent the wetness between my legs, so I reached down and slid a finger up and down my slit. I continued thinking of the dream I had been having where I had been making love to a younger girl. I figured that my sub-conscious mind was exploring the lesbian desires that had been building up inside of me since my freshman year in college. 

This girl was showing me all of the pleasures that only another girl can. Her touch and the softness of her skin seemed so real to me. As I began to become more conscious, I realized who this girl was. My eyes flew open in shock. “Oh my god!” I said, out load. She was my daughter’s friend Casey. 

Casey and my daughter Kim had been best friends since high school. She had always been more developed than Kim. She is taller, with bigger breasts, and has a body that most women would kill for. Kim has pretty blonde hair with gorgeous blue eyes, nice breasts and a nice butt, but Casey just had “The look”.

My fingers were still playing with my pussy and were now covered in the creamy juices that flow so freely from my cunt. I felt ashamed of myself that I had been dreaming of having sex with a younger girl, but my desires for the touch of another girl quickly covered up the shame, and lust was now coursing through my veins. My mind began to remember the feeling of her touch, and the softness of her skin. 

I slid three fingers deep into my wet pussy and rubbed my clit with my thumb, as I rubbed my breasts and nipples with my other hand. I then brought my wet fingers up to my mouth and, inhaling my sexy aroma, slowly ran them over my lips and stuck them in my mouth. I sucked them clean pretending it was Casey’s juices. I started cumming like a wild woman, and my fear and inhibitions were then completely gone. 

After my very fulfilling orgasm, I decided that I had laid in bed long enough, so I got up and headed for the shower. As I entered the bathroom, I glanced in the mirror. I looked at my body as I ran my hands over my 34C breasts and down my sides. I thought I looked pretty good for being 36. I ran the shower and set the temperature and then got in. The guilt was retuning to my mind. I had just made love with a 19-year-old girl. Even though it was just in my mind, I was still ashamed that I found it exciting. As I got ready, I hoped that by the time I got to work the visions that had been running through my head would subside. 

All morning the thoughts of touching Casey’s body kept running through my head. I had experienced sexy dreams before, but they were always out of my mind by the time I got to work, but this one was different. I couldn’t keep my thoughts on what I was doing. Even by lunchtime, I still couldn’t get over the thought of her. Maybe it was partially because I hadn’t had any sex since my husband left me a year ago, or maybe my body was trying to tell me something else. I decided to go out for lunch to help take my mind off of my situation. 

I went to one the local burger joints in town, and after ordering, sat in a booth by myself and waited for my meal to arrive. I was sitting with my face in my hands trying to think of anything but my dream last night, when I heard a familiar voice. I lifted my eyes to see Kim and Casey. My heart jumped into my throat! This wasn’t helping at all. It was then that I realized that it was also lunchtime at the college, and that this place was one of the student hangouts. “Oh well, too late now”, I thought to myself. Kim came bouncing over with Casey close behind, and plopped down next to me. Casey sat down directly across from me, and it was hard not to stare at her beautiful face with her pretty green eyes framed with her cascading dark blonde hair.

“Hi Mom! What are you doing here?” She asked, with a jubilant tone. 

“Just getting away from work,” I said, trying not to stare at Casey.

“Well we’re glad you’re here so we can have lunch with you. ” Casey said in her buttery voice.

I loved the way Casey talked. She was from Texas, and even though she had been living in Southern California since she was a freshman in high school, she still had that drawl in her voice, that sounded so sweet and innocent.

The girls and I sat and had lunch and I was caught up on the events of their day. For a moment I wished that I were back in school. The problems that these girls were discussing seemed so trivial and insignificant compared to the rat race I had to deal with at work on a daily basis. I longed for the days of being worried about wearing the right blouse with the right jeans, and wondering if the cute guy on campus was looking at you. 

After I finished lunch, I looked at my watch and knew it was time to get back to work. I thought that seeing Casey would help satisfy my horny mind, but it only made it worse. She was wearing a very tight pair of hip-hugger jeans, and I’m sure I noticed the faint lines of thong panties underneath. The shirt she was wearing didn’t help either. The tight fitting white cotton tee shirt accentuated the very firm breasts of this sexy young girl. 

I stopped by the restroom on my way out, and when I pulled my pants down, I couldn’t help but notice a large wet spot in the crotch of my panties. I knew I didn’t have the time to truly take care of myself, so I finished peeing, wiped myself and my panties clean, and went back out. The girls were still sitting at the table, and Kim asked if Casey could come over and go swimming. I nodded yes and headed for the door. 

“Oh now that’s great!” I thought to myself. “What was I going to do now?” Casey was going to be in a bikini later, and now I was going to have that image in my mind the rest of the day. 

The second half of my day was more frustrating than the first, but it did help to take my mind of off my raging libido. By the time 5:00 rolled around I was spent. Thank god it was Friday. The drive home was mind numbing, and the traffic was insane. The ten-mile drive home took me almost an hour. I went in the house, and was heading to my bedroom to change clothes when I looked out the sliding door to the back yard. I noticed that Kim and Casey were on the back porch laying out working on their tans. 

They were facing away from the door, which gave me a perfect view of two very cute butts. They were both wearing thong bikinis, and this lovely view re-ignited the lust that I had been inflicted with earlier. I stood there in a trance as I stared at their perfect young bodies. Casey kept rolling back and forth, waving her butt, while she talked to Kim. I couldn’t help but stare at it. It was like she was doing it just for me. I snapped out of my daze and headed down the hall.

As I passed Kim’s room, I glanced in and my eyes caught a glimpse of rumpled clothes on the floor. I stopped dead in my tacks. It was Casey’s pants and tee shirt. I looked closer and saw her panties in the middle of her jeans. Next thing I knew, I was bending over to retrieve the dainty under garment of the girl I had been lusting after since very early this morning.

I held the pink cotton thong in my hand and then lifted it to my face. I inhaled as I pressed her panties to my nose and mouth. All of my senses were fully aroused as her aroma filled my nostrils. She smelled amazing! It was a mixture of pussy, pee, and perfume, and it was driving me wild! I briefly thought about what I was doing, but my lust quickly took over and blocked out all inhibition and reason. At this point I didn’t care that I was enjoying the scent of a girl almost half my age. All I knew was that my mind and body were in sexual overdrive. 

After about 10 minutes of enjoying Casey’s heavenly scent, I noticed Kim’s clothes. I was so overcome with sexual desire that I quickly reached down and picked up her panties as well. Hers were wet and creamy in the crotch. Not giving it much thought at the moment, I pressed them against my face and inhaled her scent too. Kim’s panties also smelled sweet and very sexy! I stuck out my tongue and actually licked the creamy spot and let my tongue savor her tangy juices. 

As my mind began to operate again, I began wondering why Kim’s panties were so wet. I began to feel guilty that I had let my lust become so dominate over my actions, so I laid the panties back where I found them and went to my room.

Once there, I quickly stripped off all my clothes and lay in bed. My hands went to work on my breasts and my crotch. My head was spinning in sexual bliss, as my nose was still full of the aroma of sweet, young pussy. I imagined Casey sitting on my face and grinding her wet pussy into my mouth as I licked up all of her juices. Then, I really went crazy. I was now imagining Kim sitting on my face while Casey was licking me. My hand must have been a blur on my clit, because in no time I was having one the most intense orgasms of my life! After awhile, the smell of their panties faded, and my body stopped shaking. I was feeling very relaxed, and dozed off to sleep.

I woke up 30 minutes later to music coming from my daughter’s room. I opened my eyes and looked across the room. I was a little embarrassed; because I had forgotten to cover-up or even close my bedroom door. I hoped the girls hadn’t seen me lying naked on the bed. I got up and put on some shorts and a tee shirt. I shuffled down the hall, as my legs were still numb from the massive orgasm I had given myself. I poked my head to my daughter’s room and got the shock of my life. 

Kim was wrestling with Casey on her bed wearing only their bikini bottoms. I watched as Casey pinned Kim’s shoulders under her knees. Kim was trying to wiggle free, but Casey was just too strong. 

“Get off me!” Kim said sternly, but in a playful tone.

“You know you like it Kim.” Casey fired back. “Besides, I know you like the way I smell down there.”

My heart stopped! “Had they done this before? Were they lovers?” I asked myself. I guessed that was the reason why Kim’s panties were so wet. I pulled back out of the doorway, and just listened.

“Yeah I do. So what are you going to do about it?” Kim demanded.

“How about this?!” Said Casey, with a forceful voice.

I had to look. I peeked around the corner again and saw Casey pushing her crotch into Kim’s face. Kim wasn’t making any attempt to get away now. “She must like her smell”, I thought, “I knew I sure did.” I couldn’t take my eyes off of what was happening.

“You want me to take off the rest of my suit? Asked Casey.

“Um hmmm,” moaned Kim, with her face firmly planted in her friend’s crotch.

I saw Casey rise up and slide her suit bottoms down her long tanned legs. I felt my pussy oozing as I stared at the sexy tan lines on her perfect butt. Kim was smiling as she looked up at her friend’s pussy. 

“Mmmmm, you shaved.” Said Kim.

“Of course silly, I always do.” Laughed Casey.

“Yeah, I know, but you did all of it this time.” Kim said, breathlessly.

“I’m glad you like it sweetie. You wanna taste it this time?” Casey asked as she slowly lowered her pussy onto Kim’s mouth.

I thought, “This must be Kim’s first time tasting another girl’s pussy.” My mouth was hanging wide open and it was very dry. I’m not even sure I was breathing. I thought for sure that they would hear my heart pounding in my chest. I sat down in the hallway and listened intently to the sexy sounds emanating from my daughter’s room. The wet licking noises and the moans were having an intense affect on me. I slipped my hand into my crotch and enjoyed the moment. 

“I never knew it would taste so good!” Kim exclaimed between licks.

“See I told you would like it sweetie. I want to taste you again now.” Casey said, sounding very anxious.

“Let’s do a 69.” Kim replied. “I can’t get enough of your sweet pussy.”

I looked back around the corner, and saw Casey getting up to turn around. Her shaved pussy was beautiful. I watched as she swung her leg over Kim’s head and again covered Kim’s sweet mouth with her pussy. Casey slipped Kim’s bikini bottoms down her slender legs and threw them on the floor. Then, she laid down on top of her and reached under her legs, spread her pussy open, and pressed her mouth to her clit. Kim’s pussy looked sexy too; she had it trimmed so that there was just a small strip of blonde hair. 

It wasn’t long until their breathing got faster and heavier. I knew that they were going to cum, so I covered my mouth with my other hand, and came with them. I quietly got up and staggered out into the kitchen to get something to drink. I was so thirsty. I stood there and stared into space remembering every little detail of what I had just witnessed. I hoped that my dreams would remember too.

About 15 minutes later, Kim and Casey came out of the room wearing shorts and half shirts. Neither one of them had on a bra, and I’m sure no panties either. “Hi Mom.” Kim said, with a very spacey look on her face. 

“Hi Ms. Gilbert.” Casey said, stretching. 

“Did you girls have a good swim today? I asked, as casually as I could, trying to hide what I knew. 

“Yeah the water was great.” Casey said.

“We’ve just been in my room listening to some CD’s. What’s for dinner?” Kim asked. 

I chuckled to myself as I thought, “ What was that earlier, an appetizer?”

“I haven’t given it much thought dear. How about pizza?” I said, as I regained my composer.

“Sounds great!” Said Kim. “Were going to go watch some TV.”

Pizza did sound good after my little sex-fest. So, I called the pizza place and headed to the den to be with the girls. On the way, I heard them talking.

“Do you think my Mom heard us?” Whispered Kim.

“I don’t know. I kinda hope she did, she sure looked sexy lying on her bed.” Casey replied. 

I stopped in shock. They had seen me! 

“I tried to be quiet.” Kim added

“Quiet hell! Girl you could raise the dead when you start to cum.” Casey scolded.

“Do you think she would like to have sex with me?” Casey asked.

“She’d be crazy not to, but I think she just likes guys.” Kim replied.

I started shaking inside, and had to lean against the wall to keep from falling over. I thought “ Oh my god! Did I just hear that?” I stood up again, and cleared my throat to announce my presence, and entered the den.

“Ww-ell”, I said, my voice cracking, “I ordered the pizza. Should be here in about 45 minutes. They said they were pretty busy.”

“Cool! That gives us some time to kill.” Kim said. “Let’s watch a movie.”

I saw her look over at Casey, and she gave her a sly little look and a nod. I was wondering what they had in mind. 

“Put in the good one.” Casey said, with a very mischievous grin on her face.

“The good one.” I thought, “What the hell is that?”

Kim reached to the back of the video shelf and pulled out an unmarked tape case. I looked over at Casey and she was giving me a very sexy look. When I looked at the screen, I figured out why. 

There were two girls having sex. They were both fingering each other’s pussies and French kissing. It really was nice to watch. After about 5 minutes, I managed to ask where they got the tape.

“We saw it fall out of a girls back pack at school.” Kim said.

“Yeah it’s pretty well know around campus that she is a lesbian, so we thought we’d watch it to see what was on it.” Casey added.

I asked them how long they have had it, and they told me, about a week.

“About a week.” I thought to myself. I wondered how long they had been fooling around with each other. I was a little jealous that my daughter had been doing things with the very girl I had been lusting over, but all that was about to change very quickly.

The girls on TV had now worked around into a 69 position, and I looked over at the girls and they were just sitting there with their mouths hanging open.

“It looks like you are really enjoying this movie,” I said, boldly.

Casey looked up at me and licked her lips, then leaned over and gave Kim a full French kiss. It was so sexy to see these two hot young girls kissing. Their eyes closed and their tongues were swirling around each other’s. I shocked myself when I asked, “May I have some of that?” 

Casey got up and came over to me and straddled my right leg. I could feel the heat emanating from her sweet young pussy as she cradled my face with her hands and pressed her lips to mine. I slowly parted my lips as her tongue entered my mouth. I met hers with mine and we kissed for a long while. The sounds coming from the TV only helped to intensify the situation. 

Casey broke the kiss and looked deep into my eyes as she began humping her wet crotch on my leg. I was totally consumed with this girl. No dream could ever compare to this, and I was going enjoy it to the fullest extent.

I ran my hands up under her half shirt and cupped her firm breasts. She closed her eyes and tipped her head back forcing them harder into my hands. I could feel her nipples harden instantly. I lifted her shirt off and put my face right in between her soft breasts. I couldn’t believe that I had waited so long to try this. I kissed my way around each one, and made frequent stops at her rock hard nipples. I loved the way they felt in my mouth, and each time I sucked on one, Casey would grind her pussy into my leg a little harder.

I happened to glance over at Kim, and she was sitting in the recliner with her legs spread wide with one hand in her shorts and another up her shirt. She looked incredibly sexy! I slipped my hand down to Casey’s steaming crotch, and rubbed her clit through her shorts. She began bucking against my hand. 

“OH my god Ms. Gilbert! YES! YES! Just like that!”

I ran my fingers up inside of her shorts through the leg hole and I couldn’t believe how wet this girl was, I was like sticking my fingers in warm honey. I slid two fingers deep into her tight little pussy, and she started fucking them. I continued sucking on her nipples, and in no time she had flooded my hand and my leg with her cum. 

She fell forward onto me, and we collapsed into the couch. Her hot panting body was pressed against me. I took my wet fingers and slid them into my mouth. Her sweet tangy cream melted over my tongue like pure sugar. It was incredible! 

“I-I h-have n-never c-cum like that before.” She said, out of breath.

I whispered into her ear, “Well, I’ve never made a girl cum like that sweetie. You’re the first.” 

She lifted her head and gave me a big smile and a hug as she kissed me again.

We looked over at Kim, and she was in her own little world. She had her shorts down around one ankle and her shirt off. She had her legs hung over the arms of the chair, and had three fingers deep in her pussy.

Casey said that it looked like she needed some help, so we slid off the couch and crawled over to her. I followed Casey so close that my face was just inches from her butt. I was drooling at the sight of her shorts going up the crack of her perfect ass.

When we reached Kim, I ran my face into Casey’s ass. I pulled off her shorts and slipped my tongue in her crack and licked it the full length. She looked back over her shoulder and gave me a wink and a moan. 

Casey started kissing at Kim’s knees and went up her thighs. Then she pulled Kim’s fingers from her pussy and sucked them clean as I continued kissing and licking Casey’s ass. I spread her cheeks wide, exposing her little puckered anus and slid my tongue over it. She pushed back against me and I pushed my tongue inside of her. I loved the feeling her butt contracting around my tongue, it was making my pussy incredibly wet. 

The room was filled with the sights, sounds, and the smell of sex. The movie was still playing and the three of us were all licking and moaning. My inhibitions were nowhere to be found, as I slipped further into a lust-filled trance. I wanted to try everything I had ever heard of or read about. 
