 She walked in. I knew it was her from her pictures. She was just as pretty as her pictures were too. In my mind, I could see the other pictures she sent me as well, and I could imagine how her breasts were moving as she walked. We 'met' online. I responded to an ad she had put on one of those free sites, looking for another female. She was curious and had decided to take that next step. I had been looking for someone to play with, a friend with benefits, I suppose you could say, for some time. I am picky about my 'friends' though, and wanted someone of above average looks. And honey, where I'm from, that's hard to come by! 

So we decided to meet at this little café somewhere in between where we both live. And this was the night. I was really hoping it would end up with more than just talking. I had been longing, yearning even, to finally be with another woman alone, just the two of us. No threesome! And I thought she just might be the one! 

So we greeted each other with a hug. Feeling her breasts press against mine...mmmm...my nipples were instantly hard. We sat down and just started talking. It just seemed so easy, like we had known each other for years. We ate a little something then walked down the street to a local bar to get a drink. Since we were both away from where we lived, I dared to take her hand in mine and was thrilled when she allowed it. We walked into the bar holding hands, then took a seat in a booth in the back corner where it was a bit dark. We ordered a couple of drinks and talked some more. Before we knew it, our drinks were gone and we ordered a couple more. After the server put our drinks down and walked away, I leaned in to her and lightly kissed her neck. I wasn't sure how she would respond, especially since we were in a public place. But she turned her head toward me in leaned in. Our lips met in a sweet kiss at first, but then it became deeper, our tongues intertwined. I placed my hand on the back of her neck and pulled her even closer, then slid my hand down to her breast and cupped it, finding and rubbing her nipple with my thumb. It hardened instantly and she moaned in my mouth. I instantly became wet and felt my pussy throbbing. 

I pulled away from her and said, "Shall we go?" She said, "Absolutely!" So we downed our drinks, paid, and left. All of the men in the bar were staring, and we even heard a few comments about why did we have to leave and couldn't the show just continue there. We looked at each other and just giggled. After we got outside, I said, "On my way into town, I saw a hotel. Shall we go there?" She agreed and we got in my car and drove to the hotel. We parked, I checked us in, and we went to our room. I could feel that she was excited, but I could also feel a bit of nervousness now that we were alone. So I excused myself to the restroom to give her a few minutes alone, and also to freshen up. 

When I entered the room again, she excused herself to the restroom, so I took the opportunity to turn down the bed and undress down to my matching lace bra and thong. I laid down on the bed and did not have to wait long until she came out of the restroom. She kind of gasped, but then grinned, so I knew we were okay. She looked straight into my eyes as she undressed down to her bra and boy shorts. How did she know I found those extremely sexy? She came over to the bed and laid down beside me. I was on my side, with my head resting on my hand propped up on my elbow and she was laying on her back. I began to lightly caress her face, tracing her eyes, nose, lips and chin. My hand moved down her neck to her chest, still lightly caressing. I love when someone touches me like that and she seemed to like it too. I leaned over and licked her lips, then began kissing her deeply and passionately while I cupped her breast with my hand, again finding her nipple and bringing it to attention with my thumb. Her bra hooked at the front and I unhooked it while we were still kissing. I then moved it aside and began rolling her nipple between my thumb and finger while kissing and licking down her neck, down her chest. I then took her nipple into my mouth, suckling it, flicking it with my tongue. I heard and felt her breathing increase. 

I got up on all fours over top of her and kissed her beautiful mouth again, then worked my way down her body, licking and kissing, sometimes lightly biting. I took her panties and slid them off of her and spread her legs. I could smell her arousal and see the wetness glistening. What a total turn on! I knew I was soaking wet as well, but right now, it was all about her. I wanted to make her first time with another female something she would never forget, and even fantasize about. Her pussy was so beautiful, perfectly smooth with a small patch of hair. I lightly traced the outside of her pussy lips with my finger, then so easily, slid my finger into her hot, wet pussy. She moaned, and I said, "Baby, we are only just beginning." I slid another finger in and began fucking her sweet pussy slowly with my fingers. I still had not touched her clit, but I knew that her clit was aching for my mouth.

I leaned down and lightly circled her clit with my tongue. "Oh my God, you are torturing me!" She laughed and moaned at the same time. I covered her clit with my mouth and began flicking my tongue on it and circling it, while still finger fucking her. She was so wet, my hand was covered, and she was thrusting into my face. I licked down her pussy and added my tongue to my fingers, licking in and out, then back up to her clit. She had told me she sometimes liked anal play as well, so I took one soaking wet finger out of her pussy and slid it down to rub her asshole. Her moaning increased, "OH YES!" I knew that was the okay to continue. I slid my finger in her asshole. I was fucking her pussy with one finger, her ass with another, and devouring her clit with my mouth and tongue. I felt her body start to quiver. "Oh God yes, I'm gonna cum for you!" This was such a crazy turn on for me I thought I might cum with her. Her hips were thrusting wildly now as I continued to finger fuck both holes. Her clit was hard and erect as my tongue and lips continued flicking and sucking. All of a sudden, I felt her spasms begin inside her pussy and asshole, her hips bucking against my face. "OH MY GOD! YES YES YES!!!" She was screaming and moaning as she continued to cum. My mouth and fingers never let up and she continued to cum, over and over and over. As her spasms and tremors finally subsided, I trailed kisses up her body to her mouth and slid my tongue in her mouth, knowing she would be able to taste herself. 

As I raised up to look down at her, she said, "That was the most amazing thing I have ever felt." I said, "Mmmm, I am so glad!" Then she said, "Now my turn to do you!" I smiled and laid back on the bed.