 I had never looked at another woman like this, I had always considered myself too be straight. Although I had lots of gay and lesbian friends, the thought of making love too another woman had never crossed my mind. Don't get me wrong, there is nothing wrong with a homosexual relationship in my eyes, my best friend is in a loving relationship with an amazing woman who makes her happier then I have ever known her. However, what happened one night had completely changed my mind. I had recently gotten engaged too a great guy whom I had loved for many years, we had grown up together, he was two years ahead of me in school. Slim, great body, nice tight ass and a very talented tongue if you know what I mean?

His younger sister had also been my friend since their parents moved next door to my family when I was four, being the only Oriental family in the neighbourhood it appeared as if they had a hard time making friends somehow, but a friendship quickly grew between our families almost too the point of being one family. I know what you're thinking, no I didn't have sex with my friend. She's my lesbian best friend and perhaps the only woman I feel comfortable being around when naked.

As a child I was always slightly heavy set and a late bloomer Yuri, on the other hand hit puberty a young age and blossomed into an amazing woman, I'm not joking she could have had anyone she wanted. Nevertheless, as she matured she knew what she wanted and it wasn't a man. I can still to this day, remember the time she told me she was a lesbian. I was both shocked and excited for her since she had found her path in life and I was still looking.

Anyway, fast forwards three years...

I was the only one she could confide in about her sexuality, perhaps because we had been friends forever or because I was dating her brother, I don't know. It was her 21st birthday and she had decided to tell her family about her secret girlfriend, I knew about her lover for years and was sworn too secrecy, we had even become good friends and shared sex stories. Molly is her name, an amazing older woman in her late 20s, she had been married before but her relationship had ended when her husband cheated on her with another woman and she found solace in Yuri's arms. I guess I was kind of jealous at first as I thought she was taking my life long friend away from me, but I sat down and talked with Molly, in five minutes I guess I was almost in love with her too. Molly's voice is so soft and amazing, very well spoken and with an intellect that makes the greatest scientists look stupid. Once I had even found myself masturbating too the thought of her voice. No, I didn't fuck her also.

Anyway, I'm loosing track here. back onto the story.

The night went smoothly and Yuri and Molly where having fun, getting drunk and being generally silly. They had been lovers for awhile now but no one knew, not even Yuri's brother Mika, my boyfriend. Yuri gathered everyone into the living room of the house too say she had an important announcement, as everyone gathered she turned too Molly and kissed her passionately, it was so passionate that had her parents not been in the room they would have made love on the carpet. 

Well, all hell broke loose, Mika applauded, her father walked out of the room and her mother stood jaw open and cried. Eventually, after many months Molly was accepted into the family as a daughter after seeing the way she lovingly treated Yuri. A blessing was given for them to get engaged and eventually marry as a lesbian couple and that is when I happened, my first time. I had no idea what was happening and I didn't want it to stop until I had an orgasm and more.

For two years the wedding of Yuri and Molly was planned down too the last detail, even the colour of the carpet was meticulously planned to match everything in the wedding hall. I remember that Yuri had asked me too stand as her maid of honour at the wedding, I almost cried when she asked me. I remember blubbering 'Y-Y-Yes... of course I will'. For me, it was unusual too help plan a lesbian wedding nonetheless, they had strict orders to obey and I was up for the task. The two brides would be naked along with anyone else whom wanted to bare all during the ceremony. During puberty, I had lost a lot of weight and I must admit, it had even shocked me when I see myself naked but I wanted too loose more. After work I spent a lot of time in the gym pushing weights and toning up my body as I wanted to honour my best friend's wishes. I had seen her and Molly naked many times, sometimes by accident during their most intimate moments, and I must say, they both look amazing I knew I had a long way too go too look as good as they do.

I had spent months pushing and lifting weights to tone up my physique to the point where I was happy with my new body. my clothes seemed to hang off of me. At home I used to spend what seemed like hours studying my naked body, every curve in the right place, my C cup breasts firm and perfect. I spent hours walking up and down in my house, safe that no one could see me until the night of Yuri's hen party. Molly had a separate party at her friends house and since I had a larger home, Yuri asked me too host her party, something I jumped at the chance to do for my old friend.

I had gotten a hold of her address book and she had highlighted friends she wanted to attend so I quickly placed the calls and gathered eight of her closest friends. I had alerted my neighbours of a private party happening and in advance apologised for any problems that may happen. With all of her friends in the house, the party had finally begun. I had never seen Yuri look so amazing, she was a goddess made mortal but, that is when I saw her hiding in the corner, almost ashamed to join in the fun that was happening around her.

Now, you must know this, I was completely sober and hadn't had a single drink of alcohol at all, but something about her screamed into my mind, I stood almost motionless watching her smile and laugh as the excitement of the evening washed by us I couldn't tak my eyes off of her.

She carried a little weight that hugged her body perfectly creating a perfect feminine form, her eyes where like two diamonds shining in the light. Even her fake smile warmed my heart as I knew I once had that same look as if too say 'Why am I even here?' I was almost too nervous too speak too her, I had no idea what was happening too me as my eyes locked her delicate curves and amazing figure. Some would say she is overweight, but the way she held herself and the perfect proportions made her look like a goddess made mortal. Now nerves had overtaken me, I loved Mika with all my heart and soul yet I could not get this vision of beauty out of my head, quickly I ran too the bathroom to splash water on my face in an attempt to calm my self down and that's when Yuri entered.

She had seen me watching her and with a large smile on her face she spoke with her soft almost erotic voice as she asked me what was wrong with a sheepish smile. Laughing nervously, I told my lesbian best friend about the girl I had seen. Somehow she found my situation funny as she explained who the beautiful young woman was. She was a cousin of Molly and had asked to spend a few weeks with her cousin since she had been expelled from University for some reason that I won't into. It almost seemed as if my life was mirrored in that of the woman in my living room, at least from what I was told anyway. Yuri also told me that Molly had described the look in her eyes when they first met and it echoed in my own. Well anyway, back too the story. 

After awhile and a few drinks, I worked up the nerve to talk too her as the night drew too a close and the guests leave for home as the wedding was not for a week yet, but being four o'clock in the morning they left, with Yuri passed out on my bed I decided to use the spare room. Primarily used as an office but equipped with a bed, Yuri had been staying with me for a few days while we finalised her wedding. Exhausted from the long night, I removed my clothes and slipped into bed. I always sleep naked, more comfortable that way. Anyway, I must have dropped off right away as I remember having the most intensely erotic dreams about the beautiful woman I had seen earlier, so erotic I even masturbated myself too the thought of her as I slept. 

Around 2 O'clock in the afternoon, I woke up and staggered into the kitchen for a cup of coffee. I don't think I even realised at first, Yuri wore a bath robe, open and showing off her amazing tight body and I was wearing nothing. With a hazy smile and my head still spinning from the large amounts of beer I had drunk the night before, I hugged Yuri softly and kissed her cheek before I poured out myself a large cup of coffee and leaned against the kitchen counter. Although I lived on my own for most of the time, and sometimes Mika stayed over from time too time and I stayed at his place. But my house is large, with four bedrooms, two are currently being decorated so I couldn't spare the room for any more of our friends to stay. For awhile, Yuri and I sat facing each other at the kitchen table. 

It's a relatively large kitchen, with room for a four seat dining table the house even had a separate dining room with full dining furniture, which I use just clean once in a while... So I sat facing Yuri at the kitchen table blushing slightly while trying to avoid looking at her amazing breasts. I had seen her naked before, many times actually. Although she was a lesbian, being straight I felt more then comfortable seeing her naked and her seeing me the same way, we had even slept in the same bed many times before. Although I must admit once when she stayed at my house after a night out, and being half drunk she was a little touchy-feely of my breasts and pussy. Something she immediately apologised for once she had realised although I have to admit, I did enjoy the feel of her fingers rolling over my clit and lips for that brief moment she was touching me in the most private of places.

It's fair to say that Yuri knew me better then anyone in the world, even Mika. Smiling slightly past her own hangover, she asked me what was wrong with me since she said I was acting strangely. Unsure of what to do next, and facing the only person in the entire world I could rely on too keep a secret, I told Yuri about my intensely erotic dreams of Molly's cousin and that I had awoken from those dreams with my fingers deep inside me bringing myself too an orgasm. Laughing too herself, Yuri stood and walked towards me with a smile before she said simply "Relax..." and that's when it happened, the sound of bare feet stepping on wood flooring caught my attention, quickly my head whipped around and there she stood, in the doorway looking like an angel. 

Wearing a white silk camisole, cut low showing her amazing cleavage and hugging her figure almost perfectly and a matching white thong. Her hair flowed freely over her delicious body, a vision of beauty more so then the night before. All I remember doing was looking at Yuri as she stood with her jaw almost on the floor as she watched her enter and I have to admit, so was mine. She was a true vision of beauty, I had no idea if it was on purpose or an accident, but as she stood near the window the light shone through her camisole and reflected her perfect curves and 36-E cup breasts for us both too see, I could almost hear Yuri's thoughts as I thought the same thing. 'This girl had an amazing body, and knew how to use it' 

Well, we all spent the day together, laughing, joking and getting too know each other. Her name was Karen and she was most hilarious person I had ever met. A friendship quickly grew between us, yet I still couldn't get the image out of my head of her standing next too the window as the sunlight showed off her amazing breasts. That night Mika stayed over as Karen and Yuri went too the movies to get too know each other since they would be almost family, needless to say I was so horny I rode him like a horse all night yet my mind kept running back too Karen and her amazing body, her delicate lips... ohh I wanted nothing more then to taste her delicate lips. 

Now, for the first time I began to question my sexuality, was I Bi-Sexual or a Lesbian? I loved Mika and enjoyed sex with him. Nevertheless, during sex my mind kept running back too Karen and that made me even more horny too the point of demanding more from Mika but all I could think about was Karen and her amazing body, I thought about how much I wanted to taste every curve of her, I wanted to kiss her lips and suckle on her huge breasts. Now something else posed a problem, Mika's hard cock was deep inside of me as I sat on his lap riding him like a jockey, his hands kneading my C-cup tits but nothing, for the second time that night... nothing.

Asking me what was wrong since I could not orgasm, I explained I had no idea, even though I knew exactly what was wrong. I now wanted Karen and I had decided that nothing was going to stand in my way of that, not even my beloved Mika. After taking a shower, Mika left unsatisfied for the first time since we started having sex. It was always something we where both proud of, we could always satisfy each other sexually, but now I had a new challenge.

I waited up for Yuri and Karen to return home from the movies, although I had no idea why, I just had too see Karen again she was almost intoxicating too me. Wearing nothing I lay on a large three seat sofa watching TV as he door opened, I restrained myself from jumping out of my seat as I heard Karen's voice laughing with Yuri. I don't know what happened at the movies, but they seemed to enjoy what ever film they watched and Yuri decided to go too bed as she was sleeping in the spare room.

Stepping off the sofa I was laid on, I walked into the hallway as Karen was stood at the door pulling on her coat, aware that I was still naked, I walked towards her and asked her where she was going. She told me she was going too book into a hotel for the next few days until the wedding was over before she opened the door and stepped out onto the street and walked towards the taxi cab waiting for her. Whatever came over me I don't know, the taxi driver's eyes almost popped out of his head as I ran towards Karen and stopped her before she entered the taxi. 

Shivering slightly, I told her she could stay at the house for the next few days until the wedding was over or as long as she wanted. And that's when I realised what I had done, I had ran outside completely naked and exposed myself too the taxi driver, Karen and the rest of the world. Blushing slightly, I stood my ground as Karen nodded and paid for the taxi before we walked inside. Laughing at what I had done, I helped her off with her jacket before she turned and looked into my eyes, blushing and shivering I kept my gaze on Karen's eyes until she slowly moved towards me and kissed me softly. My legs almost buckled as we wrapped our arms around each other and deepened the kiss between the two of us, I could feel her huge tits pressing against mine as our tongues rolled around each others in a passionate kiss.

It was the first time I had ever had such an intimate moment with another woman and I did not care, even though the front door was open and everyone walking past my house could see me naked and locked in a passionate embrace with this amazing young woman. We continued our long passionate kiss as I felt more aroused with each passing moment, the familiar feeling between my legs became almost unbearable as her hands slowly slide down my curves and gently squeezed my ass. I had no idea what I was doing, but I knew one thing all I wanted now was sex, I wanted Karen. With the front door still open, Karen pushed me against the wall softly and kissed my neck, I remember thinking how soft her lips where against my skin and how delicately and perfectly she kissed and licked my naked body while her hands softly caressed my buttocks. 

Rolling her tongue softly over my nipples, I threw my head back and moaned softly as Karen ran her left hand over my sopping wet pussy lips. I almost screamed with pleasure at her first touch as she softly penetrated me with two of her delicate and long fingers before softly and slowly masturbating me while she kissed up my chest too my lips once more as we kissed passionately.

At this time, I would have done anything for her, I was about too orgasm as she stopped and smiled at me while I panted with excitement at what she had done to me and that is when we both realised that the front door was still open, luckily no one saw us. Laughing slightly, I looked into her eyes and smiled before I closed and locked the door behind us both. I smiled too myself thinking she was locked in and could not go anywhere. What happened next, took my by surprise, Karen took my hand and led me into my bedroom with a large smile on her face before she closed the door behind us. Slowly, she leaned towards me as we kissed softly once again. I was almost afraid too let her go, her lips where so soft and delicate, her kisses where perfect much like her amazing smile.

Sitting me down on the edge of my bed, she took one step back and slowly unbuttoned her blouse and allowed it too drop too the floor. I could not believe what I was seeing, her breasts where huge and amazing, even through the tiny white bra she wore. I could not take my eyes off her as she slowly slipped out of her skirt and stood before me wearing only a silk panties and matching bra. Her figure was perfect, slowly she leaned towards me and kissed me softly once more as she whispered into my ear "You take off the rest". 

By now my hands where trembling as I stood before her and kissed her softly as my hands ran over her bra and down her amazing body too the growing wet patch between her legs. Sliding her panties aside, I ran my middle finger over her wet lips before sliding my finger inside her for the first time as she gasped with excitement and moaned with pleasure at my touch. I could no longer take it any more, I had too see her naked body, I had too see her huge tits and taste them, I had to taste everything.

Sliding my finger out of her tight wet pussy, slipped my finger into my mouth and for the first time, tasted the juices of another woman. I felt like I was about to explode as her flavour ran over tongue while I closed my eyes and savoured the flavour of another woman. What had I been missing all these years, I had tasted my own juices after I had masturbated myself and after Mika had gone down on me, but this was different, this was amazing and I wanted to taste more. With my hands shaking, I unclipped her bra, slipped the shoulder straps off her and allowed it too fall too the floor as her amazing breasts finally revealed themselves too me. Hungry too taste her, I slowly lowered my tongue towards her right breast and licked her softly. My pussy was about too explode as I took her erect nipple into my mouth lovingly and began to lick and suck on her amazing erect nipple while my hands slipped off her wet panties. 

For a moment, I stepped back as we looked at each other's naked bodies. I could not believe what I was doing, what I was about too do. I was about too make love to another woman, the young and beautiful vision stood before me, reaching out her hands for me too join her in the throws of lesbian passion and I was not about too disappoint her. I took her hand as she kissed me while she lowered me onto my bed. As she lay on top of me, I could feel her heart pounding as did mine. 

Our tongues mingled as we kissed with the passion of old lovers who had been apart for years, I could have climaxed right then but no, I held on as she began too kiss down my shoulders, past my tits, down my belly and finally spread my legs with hands softly. Delicately and expertly, her tongue ran over my open pussy lips as her nose flicked my clit with expert timing. My breathing deepened as my back arched from enjoyment while I moaned loudly with pleasure as her tongue expertly stimulated my pussy before taking me too what was the most powerful orgasm I had ever had. Almost screaming with pleasure into a pillow as she continued too stimulate me.
