 I could tell she was a bit nervous. "It's ok," I said. Take your time and do only what you are comfortable with. I can be patient." She leaned over me and began kissing me on the lips, very softly at first, then more passionately. She started trailing kisses down my cheek, down my neck, down my chest toward my right breast. She hesitated only slightly as she lightly licked my nipple. I gasped and then she took my nipple in her mouth, rolling her tongue around it. I moaned. I was already so turned on from getting her off, what she was starting to do was just increasing my arousal tremendously. As she continued sucking and licking my right nipple, she took my left breast in her hand and began kneading it, rolling my nipple between her fingers, pinching lightly. I could feel the juices flowing between my legs. She began kissing down my belly as she used both of her hands to continue playing with my nipples. 

"Oh my God, you smell so good. I can smell how aroused you are!" she said. I responded, "I should warn you....I am extremely wet. I honestly don't remember when I've ever been so turned on." She looked at me with a cute little grin on her face and slid one hand down my body, making her way to my soaked pussy. She slid one finger over my clit and my hips involuntarily jerked in response. I didn't know how long I would be able to last once she got her mouth down there. She lightly rubbed circles around my clit and I moaned. Then she slid first one finger into my pussy, then slid another. "Holy shit, you were right. You are so wet!" She began working her fingers in and out of my pussy, watching as she did so. She looked amazed and I wasn't sure if it was because I was so wet, because it was her first time fingering a pussy that wasn't hers, or just because it was really turning her on. She leaned her face down and licked around her fingers, up to my clit. My pussy was throbbing in anticipation. She flicked my clit with her tongue several times and then took it in between her lips, tugging slightly, then rolling her tongue around it. She continued the assault on my clit while she added yet a third finger to my pussy. I thought I was going to explode. I began rocking my hips in time with her fingers sliding in and out of my pussy. I felt my orgasm building, but I didn't want it to end yet. 

"Stop for a minute," I said. "I don't want to cum yet. Let's switch positions." I got on all fours. "Do you think you can continue with me like this?" I asked. 

"Damn, girl," she said, "you look so sexy. Yes, I can continue." She got on all fours as well and leaned into my pussy. I had the front part of my body down on the bed with my ass up so she could get in there really good. She started licking my pussy lips, then slid her tongue inside of me. Mmmm, it felt so good. But then she got up. I thought, what the hell is she doing??? But then I realized, as she began to slide her body between my legs, that she was getting into a position for us to do each other. I knew I wouldn't last long once I started licking on her pussy, but I was game for about anything at this point. Whatever she wanted, she could have. As we got into position, she buried her face in my pussy. Even though this was her first time, I could tell she loved it as much I did. I looked at her sweet, beautiful pussy as I spread her open. Her pussy glistened with wetness. I loved how turned on she was again. I leaned down and slid my tongue inside her, fucking her with my tongue. She moaned and I felt the vibration of her moan on my pussy. I wanted to hold off as long as I could so I focused on her again. I began sucking on her clit, circling it with my tongue, and slid 2 fingers in her pussy. She was so tight, warm, and wet. I started grinding my pussy on her face, and she was pumping her pussy up toward my face too. I could feel her pussy tightening, and I knew she was about to cum again. I felt my spasms building deep inside of me, and I lifted my mouth just long enough to tell her, "I'm gonna cum, baby!" My whole body started shuddering just as hers did. I covered her pussy with my mouth and slid my tongue inside her again so I could feel her cumming with my tongue. Together, we had the longest, most intense orgasm of my life, moaning, hips bucking. She rolled over, and we lay side by side, in opposite directions, trying to catch our breath. "Wow," I commented. She said, "That's an understatement!" 

I grabbed her hand and held it in mine. "So....shall we make this a regular thing?"

"You better believe it!" she responded.