 Even though I'd been hearing about her for weeks, I couldn't have expected what felt like an electric shock course through my body as soon as we made eye contact. 

She mentioned she wanted to hook up with a lady while visiting, so I immediately offered to text some friends that might be interested since she wasn't having any luck on internet. I didn't even consider myself an option, until later that night, when our conversation got closer and breathier and her hand was on my thigh. I moved my hand to her thigh, gently pushed her legs apart, and started drawing light circles with my finger on her inner thigh, as high as I could go without being too obvious. 

When our mutual friend left us alone at the table, she leaned over and whispered in my ear, "do you want to go make out in the bathroom?" 

I can't remember the last time I got up that quickly. She led me by my hand and locked the door behind us. She pushed me up against the door and started kissing me, everywhere: my lips, my neck, my chest. She sucked and bit my neck until I moaned, her hands gripping every part of my body. I ran my fingers through her wild curls, grabbed a hand full and pulled a little, then I pushed her up against the wall. 

I wanted to make her come for me, and told her so. She whispered, out of breath from the urgency of our make-out session, "you are such a fucking hot hard femme." I pressed her harder against the wall and kissed her, while I started releasing her tits from her bra. I gently licked her nipples, circling my tongue around each one, until they were erect and she was grinding into me. 

She turned around and told me she wanted to be spanked. I hit her gorgeous ass as hard as I could, stopping every few smacks to run my finger in between her legs, teasing her pussy. I smacked her ass again, and again, while she kept yelling, "harder, harder." 

When she had enough, she turned around, kissed me again, and started unbuttoning her jeans. "I want you to smack my naked ass," she winked at me, exposing her tiny black mesh thong. I looked at her, licked my lips, and started smacking her ass, making it redder every time my hand hit it. She told me how much she liked it. I used my middle finger to stroke the slit between her lips, and brought it to my mouth. "You taste so fucking good, I want to bury my face in your pussy. But first, I want both of us to watch you make yourself come for me." 

I grabbed her around her waist, and made sure we were positioned square in front of the mirror. She moved her hand inside her tiny black panties, and spread her lips with two of her fingers. She moved her fingers in tiny circles around her clit, while I held her around the waist and we looked at each other in the mirror. "Tell me how much you like touching yourself for me," I whispered in her ear, lightly biting it. She started grinding her ass harder into my hips as she made herself come, never breaking eye contact in the mirror until she had to close her eyes when the most intense wave hit her. 

"How many times in a row can you come?" She told me we should find out. 

I pushed her back against the wall and moved to face her. I knelt down in front of her, spread her legs, and pulled down her thong. I kissed the inside of her thighs and her pussy lips, then I licked her all the way up her pussy, spreading her open just a little as I made my way toward her clit. I teased it, just a little by flicking my tongue across it, but I wanted to play with her inner lips with my tongue, and get it as deep as I could inside her. She moaned as I explored her entire pussy with my tongue. I took two fingers and inserted them in her dripping pussy as I made my way back to her clit, I thrusted them inside her and added a third. She spread her legs wide, and I started lapping at her clit. She grabbed my head, pushing it into her, rocking her hips back and forth as I licked at her. I eased off as she came, her eyes rolling in the back of her head, moaning, "fuck fuck fuck. She pulled me up, and kissed me, tasting herself on my lips. 

I heard my phone buzz, and checked my texts: WHERE R U? from our mutual friend. 

"Oops, we better not get caught."

We left the bathroom, separately, and went back to the party. 

The next day, while getting ready to meet up for brunch, I noticed a small hickey on my neck. When I saw her, she winked at me and grabbed my shoulder. I turned my head so she could see it. She laughed, leaned down and whispered in my ear, "I thought you could use something to remember me by."