 This story narrates the story of a young pregnant Indian bride who discovers her lesbian desires at the hands of her voluptuous mother-in-law, who seduces her into lesbian sex and wins her love as well as her body. I do hope that readers of both sexes enjoy it and I would really like to get any feedback that you want to share. My object in writing is to arouse readers and help them enjoy sensual satisfaction and it's a great boost to know when I've succeeded. Do write to me, Jon, through the link below.

Sita was 29. She had been married to her husband in her early 20s. It was an arranged marriage – arranged, of course, through the mother-in-law. She was a virgin at marriage and knew little of sex. Marriage had done little to enlighten her. Her husband was a dull and crude lover. He fucked her quickly and unfeelingly on their honeymoon and showed little interest in her arousal. For him sex involved minimal foreplay and certainly no oral sex. Sex for the woman meant submitting to the urgent but rather short-lived desires of the male cock. Being in the army, he was often away for extended periods. 

As a result their sex life had dwindled to a minimum and we would say that you were far from satisfied – if our naïve young woman had known what sexual satisfaction could be. Her husband had decided it was time for a child and after a few fucking sessions she had found herself pregnant. Now she was expecting a child her husband felt there was no need to make love to her and she was left neglected – at the very time that she found her sexual needs increasing. She began to play with her pussy alone at night as her husband snored, enjoying the sense that she was now with child. She enjoyed too the changes in her body – the swelling of her stomach, the filling of her breasts. She liked to spend time before the mirror admiring her feminine body and letting her hands explore her shapely form. Her breasts, a usually firm and rounded c-cup had swollen to a D-cup and she liked the weight and feel of her developing assets.

New possibilities began to stir when she used to receive visits from a nurse – an attractive mature motherly character. She was nervous about stripping off for her, but having done so was quickly put at her ease. It seemed so natural the way the woman inspected her body and felt her swollen belly and when her hand smoothed over her breasts she felt a warm tingling through her body. She couldn't stop her nipples hardening – though the nurse seemed not to notice. But most exciting was when she inspected our young woman's pussy and advised her that before child birth she would need to shave her pussy hair. Here, she said, ill show you....and so the nurse skillfully shaved her pussy completely smooth for the first time. Time and again her fingers touched her pussy lips to improve access and the touch of her feminine fingers was so thrilling and so beyond what she had ever experienced from her hubby that she had to struggle not to start to expose her pleasure. 

For the next few weeks she greatly looked forward to the visits of the nurse, and to the shaving of her pussy especially, and after the nurse had gone she found herself going over events, and the sensation of her touch, as she stroked her pussy on the bed. So, when her husband informed her that he was going to take her to be with his mother for the last stage of the pregnancy while he was transferred north it was with a heavy feeling that she said farewell to the nurse whose cool feminine hands and gentle manner had come to occupy so much of her fantasy life.

One afternoon in her new house, having enjoyed the rich lunch left for her by her mother-in-law, Sita walked languidly to the bedroom set aside for her use and stood before the full length mirror. The summer afternoon heat was oppressive and her loose dress clung to her curvaceous body, beads of sweat running down her neck from her long tied up hair. Knowing she was certain to be alone all afternoon, Seta took the lower hem of her full dress and peeled it up over her head, tossing it to one side. The sight of her exposed naked body held her gaze. Ever since her emergence into womanhood she had been fascinated by her feminine form: by her alluring curves, her tight swollen breasts, her slim waist which gave way to ample hips and smooth, gracious thighs. When he had first seen her naked her husband had compared her to the voluptuous statues which adorned some of the more notorious Hindu temples and the comparison had secretly pleased her. 

But now a new transformation had worked its magic. Entering her ninth month of pregnancy her belly had swollen to almost unreal proportions, exuberantly extending from her young frame, giving her a sense of a glorious fecundity. She placed both her hands flat on her stomach and began to caress her tight smooth skin. Yet it was not her stomach alone that had gained a new fullness and weight. Her breasts too had become firmer, heavier, more pronounced. As her confinement approached so did she feel the milk engorge her breasts, the milk that would feed the appetite of the young life stirring within her. 

Sita cupped her right breast in her hand and loved the sensation of weight in her hand. She had always been fascinated by feminine breasts, had always made a point of taking in the shape and size of the breasts of any women she came into contact with. Secretly she had envied her mother-in-law her fat heavy pendulous breasts and wondered what it would be like to boast such a deep cleavage. At times she had even wondered what it would be like to caress such soft flesh and feel the weight of such heavy mature breasts in her hands. Caressing and massaging her own breasts she sensed some of the intoxication of that moment and was happy to think that her own breasts were developing a greater feminine fullness. 

Aroused as such thoughts and sensations were making her she felt that familiar ache in her pussy – the ache that had first been truly awoken, not by her husband, but by her gentle motherly nurse. Feeling the need to yield to her pussy's claims for attention she backed slowly to the bed, slid herself up onto the cool sheets, propped her head up with a couple of thick cushions, and spread her soft thighs wide to expose her smooth pussy to the throbbing summer heat and her own slender fingers.

After caressing first her large pregnant stomach, Sita allowed her hands to slide over her thighs to the smooth soft skin adjacent to the lush folds of her expose pussy lips. First she teased herself by grazing her long finger nails over tender skin before yielding to her mounting desire by placing the palm of her hand directly upon her aching cunt. She groaned as she gyrated her hand against her soft flesh, loving the pressure of her fingers upon her stirring clitoris, which she sought out with her index and middle finger. 

As Sita manipulated her pussy her thoughts reverted to the sweet, gentle, nurse whose practiced handling of her womanly centre as she shaved away her pussy hair had first awakened the slumbering depths of her passion. Was it wrong, she wondered, that it was a woman's fingers and not her husband's cock that had reached to these depths? Was she some kind of freak? Perhaps, perhaps...but as the combination of her own feminine fingers proving her clit and the vision of that tender nurse began to carry her towards the first of her orgasms she was in no state to assess her sexuality. As the orgasm surged through her pussy she emitted a loud groan as she arched her back from the bed and her swollen belly and breasts rippled with the motion of her contractions. 

Her orgasms always left her momentarily drained, and the exertion of straining her arms around her pronounced stomach only added to her exhaustion as she slumped back against the pillows, her arms stretching out above her head. Here she lay in a delicious post-orgasmic stupor, her mind imaging what her nurse's maternal breasts would look like when released from their bra, when she felt a finger again begin to stroke its way across the length of her extended pussy lips. The sensation was delightful and she smiled as she anticipated her nurse's familiar caresses before she awoke with a jolt. Shaking her head to clear her thoughts and opening her eyes wide she was greeted not by the face of her sweet nurse but the face of her mother-in-law.

Sita was filled with acute shame to think that her mother-in-law had found her in such a lewd state – naked on her bed, her thighs spread wide, her hands at her pussy. Indeed the acute embarrassment that engulfed her distracted her from what was, if anything, even more shocking, more startling – the presence of her mother-in-law's hand on her own pussy! 

'Mother....I...I...I was just lying down....I felt tired in this heat....I must have dropped off to sleep....I was just about to get up....let me....'

Sita tried to push herself back from her mother-in-law's hand, but found her way blocked by the cushions. The weight of her swollen belly meant she could not easily role to one side. Rooted to the spot she froze again before her mother-in-law's gaze and lay fatalistically, awaiting the rebuke she felt sure awaited her. But it did not come. In fact no words came from her mother-in-law. Rather, she stepped back a little from the bed, still holding Sita firm in her gaze. As she did so she placed her hand at her hip and began, slowly, to unravel her rich green sari from her body. Soon her hips were uncovered, then her soft fleshy stomach, her shoulders, her naked thighs, until she held the fabric in her hand and dropped it to the floor.

Sita's heart was racing. She could barely draw enough breath, and certainly could not move if she'd wished to. Her head was swimming at the visual stimulation she was receiving. She was numb with shock, for nothing in her life had prepared her for this moment. The fact that her mother-in-law was undressing before her was incredible enough. Still more incredible was the naked body she was revealing to her. She had always known that her mother-in-law had large breasts, but to see them straining against the tight blouse revealed just how awesome her bust was. And then there was her soft fleshy stomach protruding so proudly, lewdly even, from beneath her breasts. Her ample hips were equally striking, as were her strong, dusky thighs. All this, in truth, could have been anticipated if Sita had previously undressed her mother-in-law in her own mind. But there was more, much more.

First there was the thick mass of black pussy hair. It was dense and dark between her legs, but extended quite a way up her navel, a rich growth of unkempt womanly pussy hair which far exceeded anything Sita's pussy had boasted before she had begun to shave herself smooth in anticipation of her confinement. Just as impressive was the light covering of hair on her thighs and the dark, strong, black hair on the lower part of her legs. Sita had always associated body hair like this with a man; to see it on a woman was unsettling, but, she had to admit, intriguing and not a little exciting too. 

But it was not her mother-in-laws pussy hair, or leg hair, or bust, or stomach that most drew Sita's gaze. It was, rather, the place between her thighs. For there instead of the extended cunt lips she expected to glimpse was something very different: a thick black strap-on cock. It had sprung proudly into view as the sari had been released and now hung heavily between her mother-in-law's legs. Sita had never seen such an object before and to encounter such now, in these circumstances, and being worn by her husband's mother was bizarre in the extreme.

Her mother-in-law reached her hand down to the black cock and held it in her hand. She began to stroke it slowly.

'Do you like my cock Sita dear? My eight inches of hard black cock. All women want black clock. I'm sure you've wondered what it would be like to be fucked by a powerful thick black cock haven't you? I know my son isn't well endowed, I know he hasn't got the kind of cock that can satisfy a woman. Well I have Sita. I've got all the cock you're ever going to need.....'

Upon saying this her mother-in-law advanced towards the bed, lifted her right leg onto the mattress, her heavy cock swinging lewdly as she did so, and began to crawl towards Sita until she was able to place her left hand tightly upon Sita's thigh. Her grip was unyielding and as Sita tried to pull her leg free she found she was unable to move it. With her free left leg she tried to squirm away, but found movement was impossible. 

'Mother...what the fuck are you doing! What are you thinking of? Let me go...get off me! I didn't mean for you to find me like this. I don't know what I was thinking of....I'm sorry, I'm sorry...but please let me go...stop this....'

Sita was struggling now with her arms, desperately trying to pull her heavy pregnant body free from her mother-in-laws iron grip. But her mother-in-law was too strong, too quick. Before Sita could free herself her mother-in-law had shifted closer still, planting her right knee on Sita's left leg, pinning her to the bed with a pressure that hurt. With her free right hand she reached down and placed it on Sita's still wet and open pussy.

'Ohhh I don't think you want me to let you go, now do you? I saw how you were struggling to pleasure your pussy what with your huge swollen pregnant belly in the way. I'm here to help you my daughter. I know how horny an expectant mother becomes...I was just the same when I was pregnant with your husband. My pussy was aching for attention...just like yours, my dear, isn't that right? Your smooth shaven young cunt is crying out for love and I'm here to give it to you. Us women know best how to pleasure our pussies now don't we my dear?' 

'Ohhh mother....arghhh......no....no, it's not natural....not right....not two women, I'm married....married to your son....don't do this...I'm not a....not a.....'

'What's that my dear Sita? Not a lesbian? Well if that's what you think...but I think we should let your beautiful wet pussy decide that don't you...and from the way its opening to my touch I'd say its hungering for a woman's love, wouldn't you....?' 

No matter how she hated herself for it, Sita could not prevent her body trembling at her mother-in-law's skilled touch, could not stop the heaving of her engorged breasts, the hardening of her nipples, and the involuntary flow of juice from her cunt onto the older woman's fingers. Incapacitated by a shameful desire, it was also she could do to cover her sobbing face with her hands.

Timing her move, her mother-in-law shifted her body across Sita's, her soft, heavy, breasts, sliding over Sita's pregnant stomach, her hands reaching out to clasp Sita's, squeezing them tight before easing them up above her daughter-in-law's head. As she lowered her face to within inches of Sita's her thick mane of black-grey hair fell onto the pillow, framing Sita's tear-soaked face, enclosing the two women in an intimate and secluded world of their own. 

Together, alone, undisturbed, their eyes locked as each peered into the world of the other, stripping away layers of convention and conditioning to pierce through to the beating living desire within – for Sita a blossoming world of womanhood, still confused and frightened yet acknowledging with every second that passed that she was ready to be led into a luxuriant garden of Sapphic love, for her mother-in-law the realization of her mature passion she had long harboured for her son's beautiful young bride. 

For Sita, poised on the precipice of discovery, the tension became unbearable. Her throat became parched dry, her vocal chords tightened, perspiration covered her face, dripped from her arm pits, while her pussy began to ache uncomfortably. She knew she was in the presence of a force more powerful, more insistent, than any she had encountered before, knew that her womanhood demanded that she yield, that she accept and give herself to the love of another woman, that she must follow the secret call of her heart....

'Kiss me'. 

The sound died on her lips, so that she was only miming her request. But it was enough. Her mother knew and understood.

'What's that my dear daughter? Tell me what you want....you know I'll give you anything...just whisper my beautiful darling...I'm here for you....'

Summoning what breath remained within, Sita repeated her words, forcing the sound from her lust-filled vocal chords.

'Kiss me please....take me....make me yours...make love to me...for God sake....don't make me....'

Before the words had left her mouth she felt her mother-in-law lower her soft ripe lips to hers and she melted into the tenderness of her touch, loosing herself in the swirling eroticism of the moment, giving herself to the delicious taboo of another woman's soft, insistent, caressing, hungry lips...knowing that this step would never be undone and her life never the same again. 

Sita now found herself, for the first time in her life, the object of a fierce and unbridled passion. Her husband's passion, feeble and transitory as it was, began and ended with his own need to release his insignificant cum. She was always left wanting more, wondering where the lustful attention she had long fantasized about was to be found. Now she discovered it was to be encountered in the love of a man but a woman.

Sita's mother-in-law began to devour her with her mouth, which became both the expression of her love and a tool of the utmost erotic pleasure. Her wet, soft, lips pressed deep against Sita's, her tongue penetrating her mouth and making hungry, lustful, forays which Sita willing me with her own agile tongue. When she shifted her tongue and lips from Sita's it was only to kiss the younger woman's nose, her eyelids, her smooth cheeks, her ears, her chin...every inch of Sita's glowing face was worshipped by her mother-in-laws insistent mouth, her ministrations being only interrupted by mature woman's groans and arousing words.

'Arghhh....you're so beautiful my love....so gorgeous....ummm your young skin's so soft...my son doesn't kiss you like this does he? He doesn't realize your beauty. Ever since I saw you I wanted you, dreamed of kissing you, longed for this moment... ached for you my daughter...mmmmm....god your delicious....'

Sita arched back her head, exposing the long smooth underside of her neck to her mother, inviting her to run her powerful tongue along her tender skin – which her mother-in-law was only to happy to do, evoking a deep moan from Sita as she closed her eyes and rolled her head from side to side against the yielding fabric of her pillow. As her oral pleasure mounted she felt her mother-in-law place her mature hand on her tight milk-engorged left breast, manipulating, squeezing and massaging it with a practiced hand. Her nipples engorged with blood even before her mother-in-laws fingers sought out her hardness, pulling and teasing and twisting her sensitive nipples. 

'God yes....squeeze my pregnant tits ...they're so full for you, so fucking sensitive....oh yes, that's it....urghh....don't stop....ever....ohhh mummy....'

While her mouth yet kissed, licked, and loved her daughter's face, lips, and neck, and her hands tormented Sita's aroused breasts, her mother-in-law eased her thigh between Sita's legs, pressing and caressing against her daughters smooth wet pussy. The sensation of the soft-down of her mother's hairy thigh moving against her bare exposed flesh took Sita to yet another level of sensuous arousal, shooting currents of pleasure through her pussy and stirring her clit from the folds of her cunt. 

Sita plunged her hands into her mother-in-laws luxuriant black hair and pulled her mouth against hers, desperate for the unadulterated taste of a woman in heat. She ran her hands down the older woman's fleshy back, using her nails to scratch her skin and urging her to mould her body against hers so she could enjoy the sensation of her soft heavy curves against her younger ripe form. Her mother-in-law's passion only intensified as she recognized Sita's mounting wantonness in her arms. She was, as she had long hoped and secretly suspected, a lesbian slut and there was almost certainly nothing she would refuse her.
