 It was cold, blustery and below zero out and I was right where I wanted to be -- wrapped in a fuzzy pink robe, all clean and smooth from my bubble bath. My other half had taken off to a Dolphins game for the weekend with a bunch of guys so I had the house to myself and a bottle of apple pucker and a salt shaker to keep me company. I'd already thrown back quite a few shots and my lips were beginning to get that tell-tale numbness of a good buzz.

I guess before I go too much further, I should tell you a little about myself so you can begin to conjure up those hot mental pictures as you go through this story. I'm not drop-dead gorgeous but I have been told that my ass looks hot in my tight little Levis and I enjoy torturing a few of my male friends at work with my new figure so I'm pretty confident that I look good. That's how I landed the love of my life. Anyway, I'm about 5'9" and have shoulder length blonde hair. I've recently started taking some extra care with my appearance so I'm curvy in all the right spots.

So that fateful night, the pucker was going down very smooth. While I'm not a huge drinker, the sweet bite of each shot just played more and more to my mood. I was warm, snuggled in a blanket watching Asia in my favorite porn and I was HORNY!! It started out with some light caresses up and down my legs, just to feel how smooth and sexy they were but I couldn't stop there. I've always been in tune with my body's need for stimulation and tonight was no exception. My left hand strayed to a hip and my right reached lovingly for my hardening nipples. Pulling a heavy tit up and out, I slipped my tongue past my lips and gently sucked in the bud that was aching to be pulled and teased. I twisted both nipples in my fingers and threw my head back with a sigh. God, I love it a little rough. 

I could feel myself getting wet and my mind quickly began to reroute my fingers to that hot, pulsing place. Just as my middle finger brushed my emerging clit, there was a heavy knock at my door. FUCK! Who knocks on a door in the middle of nowhere on a night like tonight?? Throwing myself off the couch, I hit pause on the DVD and stomped to the door. I had a few choice words ready in my mind for the fool I would find on the other side. 

I pulled the door open with every intention of using my choice words but they died as quickly as the wind blew in the open door. Standing on my doorstep was a woman with not much for a coat on, no hat or gloves, shivering right down to her toes. She looked up quickly when she saw the door open and I could see the fear in her eyes. Kind of like a deer in the headlights look. I'm sure she expected an axe murderer but when her gaze caught mine, I could see in her eyes that she relaxed just a bit. 

"Hi, um, my name is CCChellsey and I wwas wwondering if I ccould use your pphone?" She could barely get the statement out; she was so cold and wracked with shivers. I quickly stepped back and motioned for her to come in. 

"Good GOD, what are you doing out here dressed like that in this weather??" I asked her, as I helped her get her thin coat off. My hands gently brushed down her arms as I took it from her shaking body. I hung it up while she tried to get her little dress shoes off but she was so cold, I just knelt down and slipped them off her feet, accidentally drawing my fingers over the arch as I did. To cover up the spark it caused, I wrapped her foot in my hands and held it for moment to give it some of my warmth. I switched to her other foot and did the same, while sneaking a glance up her legs. WHO wears a skirt that short on a winter night like tonight?? Not that I minded -- what a delicious set of legs......

Once the initial shock of her entrance was over with, I was able to give Chelsey a bit of a better look and really introduce myself. "Well, lost one, my name is Lisa and I guess I'm your hostess for the evening," I said with a smile and a wink. She blushed deeply and dropped her gaze to the floor. 

"I'm so sorry to burst in on you like this and I know I'm imposing," she began. "I didn't think I was out this far until it was too late and now my car is stuck in a ditch about a half mile back and I honestly don't have a clue where I am." 

As she explained her reason for being out in a blizzard, I grabbed a blanket out of the closet and wrapped it around her shoulders. As I did, my arms around her pushed her arms together, in turn, pressing her rather generous breasts together and out. Her thin blouse did nothing to hide the fact that she was freezing cold. I swear her nipples had to be three-quarters of an inch long. Just to be a glutton for punishment, I reached my left arm behind her and my right around her front so I could rub her arm and hug her a bit to give her some of my warmth. I knew when I did it what was going to happen, but I just couldn't pass up the opportunity. Her rock hard nipples grazed the soft, sensitive inside of my wrist and forearm as I rubbed up and down her arms and I could almost swear I hear her moan a bit but it was probably just because she was now getting warmed up, right? The feel of her nipples on my arm were like an instant switch to my aroused center and I could feel how wet and needy my pussy was getting. To distract myself just a bit, I put my arm around her waist and guided her into the living room where I had built a fire a bit ago. I got her situated on a blanket in front of the hearth and she continued her story. 

"I'm a salesperson for Sweet Sensations fashions. I sell very intimate apparel. I was out this way to see if I could drum up business in some of these rural areas. I'm sure many of the other sales companies don't bother to travel out here so I figured it would be a good business move." She rolled her eyes as she made this last statement so I could tell she was getting a little more comfortable. She was all covered up with my heavy blanket but I could still see part way up one of her legs as I sat listening to her. She wasn't wearing nylons and I could see how smooth her skin was and it made me wonder if the rest of her was that smooth. 

"WHAT ARE YOU THINKING Lisa?? This girl is lost and cold and scared and you're thinking about how it would feel to get between her legs!" I have to admit -- I definitely lean toward being bisexual. While I've never had the opportunity to act on it, I know that if I had the chance, I'd love to lay naked with a woman and do all of those things I read about every night on Literotica. My boyfriend and I would love to add another woman to our sex but the opportunity hasn't presented itself...... yet.

So while I was berating myself for thinking of taking advantage of this poor girl, I shook it off and got up to play my part as hostess. "I'm going to get some cocoa and vanilla liquor for us. It will warm you up and I'm always game for a warm toddy. Make yourself at home and I'll be right back." As I rushed off to get our drinks, my mind again wandered to the brief glance I had had of Chelsey's body before I covered it up with a blanket. I could tell she was fairly athletic, as I could see quite a bit of muscle definition in her arms and neck and her blouse was cut low enough that I could glimpse a bit of the muscle that develops on the chest of women who work out with weights regularly. Not that she looked over-developed, just strong and curvy. And those nipples! I've always had a tit-fetish and hers were going to have me distracted all evening.

I quickly organized a couple cups of cocoa for the microwave and found the liquor that would lend some extra warmth to us both. While I waited, I leaned against the counter and slipped a hand under my robe. Knowing that I had little time and even less privacy, I thrust two fingers into my very wet sex just to take the edge off. Rough, desperate movements in and out brought some relief and more frustration at the same time. I threw my head back and pulled strongly on my clit, knowing that Chelsey's mouth might feel just like that if she were to suck it. "Good girl, suck it like a little cock baby, mmmmm suck it harder. Make it hurt. Ohhhh!!" BEEEEEPPP! The shrill of the microwave shocked me out of my accidental fantasy and about made me lose my balance and fall. "Focus, Lisa, focus! Get yourself together and get that girl something warm to drink."

I carried our cocoa toddies into the living room and as I walked through the doorway, I could hear the distinct sounds of female sex -- sounds coming from my TV. Oh god, she turned the movie back on that I had been watching and I knew exactly what she was seeing. Asia Carerra getting her pussy ravaged by a busty blonde. I quickly looked up and Chelsey's gaze rolled up from the image on the screen to my eyes and what I saw there quickened my pulse. I expected to see surprise or embarrassment but what I saw was pure lust. Before I could explain or say anything, Chelsey shut the TV off and stood up, asking if I would like to see the line of lingerie that she sells. "That would be great -- I've been meaning to add to my naughty wardrobe!" I told her as she headed for the mud room where we left her shoes and bag. I was confused by her abrupt departure but chalked it up as her being embarrassed by the flick, like I originally thought. I really hoped she didn't think I was some kind of freak or something.....

I set Chelsey's drink on the hearth for her and made myself comfortable back on the couch where I had been when the doorbell rang. 

I heard the stereo in the dining room start up and the sexy notes of Harry Connick Jr. floated in to me. His voice is a weakness of mine. I closed my eyes for a second to drink in the flavor of his voice and when I opened them, there stood Chelsey just inside the doorway. But this wasn't the Chelsey who had walked out of the room minutes ago. Instead of an unsure, shy girl, in sauntered an absolutely stunning, erotic-looking woman. Chelsey had taken a moment to fluff her already gorgeous brown curly hair (probably flipped her head upside down real quick and gave it a shake -- aren't we all guilty of that) The messy look of it created a bit of a naughty picture of her spread out on my pillow in my mind. As I continued to look over this new creature in front of me, I began to notice little things about her that were hidden when she was clothed. She was wearing a lacy number that was held up with nothing but strings and her soft neck and shoulders were completely smooth and inviting me to taste them. The nipples I had dared to brave feeling were now standing out hard and dark through the white lace, proving that they were indeed better than a half inch long. Her breasts looked to be about a 38D, perfect mounds that had a hot, natural sag to them. Oh god, to run my tongue along the underside of those tits........ Just peeking out of the lace in the stunning cleavage her outfit was creating was a tiny tattoo; it looked like a white lily with feathered pink edges. The way the petals spread wide and with the pinkish shades, it looked like a little pussy. I was in awe. This had to be the most erotic looking woman I had ever seen. She wasn't a Barbie doll but was in no way heavy. She just had curves -- strong, muscular curves. Solid waist and thighs, flat stomach. Smooth, tanned skin. 

Now, my perusal of her only took a few seconds as she walked through the doorway and toward me a few steps she said, "So, do you like?," cocking one eyebrow at me. Like??!! Was she fucking KIDDING me?? I just gave her my sexiest smile and a nod, swirling my finger in the air, indicating that she should turn completely around so I could see all of it. Her tanned, heart-shaped ass was almost even with my eyes and I wanted so much to reach out and touch her. 

While I was admiring her hot little ass, she slowly turned again and moved even closer to me. "This particular garment has soft spaghetti strings and the bodice dips down very nicely in the front," she said as she ran her index finger down the front and between her very..... did I mention how hot her tits were??? As she stopped to stand right in front of me, I realized I was breathing very heavily and my pussy was so wet, I could feel its moisture running down my thigh. 

Deciding I should pay her a compliment since she was so graciously giving me a private show, I asked about her beautiful lily tattoo on her breast, indicating that it was very dainty and sexy. She smiled and said "It's one of them. Thank you. I love getting tattoos, for some reason the pain turns me on. After the first one, I was hooked. My other one is pretty hidden." She blushed a little and moved to turn away. 

"Wait, where is your other tattoo, if you don't mind my asking. I've always wanted a tattoo on my tailbone." Chelsey seemed a little hesitant to tell me so I pressed -- "Please, come on, I'd love to see it." 

"It isn't somewhere where I show many people Lisa, I'm not sure you would want to see it," she replied shyly. I was beginning to get an idea of where her tattoo was and it only served to make me press further. I could barely contain my excitement as I asked again "please, it's just us girls here."

I could see her thinking quickly, trying to decide if this was what she wanted to do. I looked up into her eyes and could see the lust from before creeping into them. I was going to get to see it, I could feel it. Slowly, she stepped right up to the edge of the couch and without giving me a warning, lifted her leg up over my head and rested her foot on the top of the couch. So if you can imagine, there I sat on the couch with her legs spread wide over my face. "Are you sure Lisa? Do you really want to see my other tattoo?" I could smell her warm fragrance and breaking my eye contact with her, looked to see what she had to share with me. The teddy she was wearing was a thong in the back and what she was showing me now was nothing less than a masterpiece. The thong came down between her soft cheeks and partially covered a completely bare, glistening pussy. Her clit and puffy lips were bulging out around the fabric and I just kept thinking I was dying and on my way to heaven as she reached down and pulled the material completely aside, baring her entire flower for me to see and smell. 

I admit, I was a little confused as to where her tattoo might but at this point I really couldn't have cared less. Just as I was thinking how badly I wanted to taste her, she asked "Ready?" 

"Yes, Chelsey, show me" was all I could say. Her delicate fingers reached across the dewy folds and pulled them back, opening her completely up for me to see and there, on the inside lip of her luscious pussy lip was a tiny black cat tattoo, curled in a ball as though asleep. 

"Give my pussy a kiss Lisa." There was no turning back now -- I wanted to taste her, feel her wetness all over my tongue and face. My lips were just inches from her and I closed that distance quickly, pushing my tongue out to gently stroke her little "pussy". I wiggled my tongue over her tattoo, just to get her warmed up but I wanted more. I wanted all of her. I lapped at her pussy lips. As soon as the tip of my tongue was next to her core, she groaned, grabbing my hair and pressing her pussy harder to my mouth. I could barely breathe as her juices were getting smeared all over my chin and mouth. I wanted to make her cum right in my mouth. 

I pushed my tongue deep inside her, fucking at her cunt walls and lapping up the juices that were flooding out of her. Her clit was throbbing, as I increased the pace of my tongue, her orgasm approached. She came suddenly, letting out a yell and grinding her cunt against my mouth. Her legs gave way a bit and her body balanced basically, on my face, trembling and shaking as her flower spasmed.

I slowly lapped up all of her juices savoring her sweet, tangy poison and probing deeper inside her for more, flicking her sensitive bud just once or twice more, just to see her shiver. Eventually her legs gained a little strength and she slumped down next to me as her climax subsided. I looked into her eyes and leaned into her. I wanted her to taste herself on my lips, to share her excitement with her. As her soft, full lips touched mine, I felt an electric shock go straight to my own hot center. This was going to be a very long, intense night...