 Alone. Aroused. Thinking of her. Thinking of her hands, mouth, and body swallowing me, slithering over me, under me, through me, leaving a trail of shivers. Fingertips starting at my head touching my scalp, gliding over my brow, winding their way down my face, light as air, a whisper of touch. I inhale deeply and smell her musky scent causing an instant reaction. Desire. Lust. 

She is here. I am not alone. I am not imagining her. Her fingers snake their way across my face caressing all features, my nose, and my lips with which I must taste her. I slip them into my mouth, savoring them. They run across my cheeks, wet, towards my ears. One hand towards each ear they circle around and around tantalizing me until they come to rest on the earlobes, swirling, kneading them, sending sensations crawling down my nerves. Those delicious fingers make their way back to the nape of my neck causing me to arch my head to allow access to that special, sensitive spot. Tingles run down my spine. I breath deeply, relaxed yet alert. My every nerve is on fire. 

"Roll over" her calm voice, says. 

Languidly I turn over settling on my stomach, hands above my head. I smell the heavenly scent of lavender. Her hands return to my neck, slippery with warm oil. They slide over my muscles that have turned to mush. Hands glide over my flesh, massaging every inch of my shoulders and back. I melt into the bed, letting out a low moan. The world disappears. I only know of the music being played on my body. The sweet song of her touches running over my back and down my spine, alive with her electric current. 

Her large hands reach my sides touching that sensitive area, causing me to jump just a little. They knead their way down my backside circling, probing, feeling, and rubbing. Strong hands work magic on me. My buttocks dissolve to her touch. Her fingers gently probe into the hidden areas making me squirm in anticipation of what shall come. But they move away from there and continue to wriggle over the flesh of my ass, kneading. 

They wander lower to my thighs and I can't help but open them. My juices are flowing. Sensual arousal sets deeply within my loins but she teases. My thighs are caressed and fondled, fingers coming dangerously close to my lower lips and brushing against the hair. Her touch is intoxicating. I am drunk with desire yet she will not relent and touch me where I yearn for it. 

Her hands continue down my legs spreading them wider. She misses not a single inch. My skin is on fire. She reaches my feet where she pays a great deal of attention knowing how much I enjoy that. Thumbs press into the balls of them taking away all tension; great, strong circles, massaging into the heels. 

She adeptly manages to roll me over while still massaging. With one hand on each leg, she works her way up the ankles and shins causing tremors to flow upward. Her thumbs circling up the inner thighs, she climbs up. I have no control. I am putty in her hands. My legs open wider on their own. I am shivering in anticipation. Her hands brush against my hair, her thumb grazing my moist lips and I tremble, gasp, shake but she doesn't stop there. She will leave no part of my body untouched. 

I am wild with lust now. I know that if I try to touch her she will stop, so I refrain, with difficulty. Her hands are now on my stomach, melting, slippery with the oil. My hips and waist fall under her spell. She creeps up to my breasts. They are erect, waiting for her. She circles then with just her fingertips around and around closing in on my nipples. The closer she gets, the harder they become. They ache for her touch, her mouth. The heat of her fingers gets nearer, finally touching them. My back arches instantly to her touch. I let out a loud moan, breathing deeply. My hands are clenched behind my head for control. My eyes shut tightly. 

I can smell her hair near my face and I yearn to kiss her, taste her. Her head lowers down to one breast while her hand is on the other twirling the nipple. I lift myself up to her mouth, crazed, panting. Her tongue lashes out and licks my nipple sending waves of heat down my body. She cups both breasts in her hands and plays with them while her snakelike tongue moves back and forth. She sucks hard on my nipples then nibbles them. My body moves up and down with my breathing. She lightly bites and I groan, enjoying the pain. 

I cannot take much more. I need her mouth elsewhere. I need to feel her sweet, wet, warm lips on mine, on my lower lips. They are throbbing with desire. As if she senses this, she slowly moves down my belly with gentle kisses, raising all the hairs on my body. Nearing, nearing. I quiver with excitement as I feel her hot breath swirling in my hair. Her fingers twirl through it, teasing. My legs spread wide for her. I am on fire. Her lips and tongue nuzzle deeply together and caress my waiting lips and clit. I lose control and let out a long, loud moan. I completely surrender to her. It won't be long now. My climax is building. 

I struggle to keep from thrashing all about concentrating on all the sensations flowing through me. Panting deeply and gyrating my hips, I give in to the inevitable explosion. The blood rushes to my head. My body feels the fireworks going off. My entire soul is lost in oblivion as waves and waves of pleasure rush through me and I let out a low, deep, animalistic moan that allows the intense orgasm it's total release. It goes on and on draining me yet she does not let up. She continues with complete concentration until at last I can take no more. I grab her head and pull her up my body. I want to kiss her, taste my juices on her mouth. We kiss for an eternity when at last I must speak of my final desire. I whisper in her ear in a deep guttural voice......

Fuck me. Fuck me hard.