 The first time I felt her body against mine, is a feeling I'll never forget. Her curvy, athletic figure with her long dark hair is an image still burned into my memory. I never thought I would have ever wanted to be with another woman. I never thought I would ache for a woman. In my life, I was as straight as they come. I've always desired men. I loved men. Of course I had the moments in college where you're drinking and playing truth or dare and there is always that one guy who dares you to kiss another girl, but I never even imagined I would feel another woman's body on me, caressing me, kissing me, tonguing me. That is until I met Daniella. 

Daniella and I crossed paths at an engagement party. I was recently single and decided to head straight to the bar to drink my sorrows away of how yet another friend of mine was getting married and here I was single. 

"Vodka and cranberry with extra Vodka and a splash of cranberry," I instructed the bartender. 

"Someone plans on having a good night." 

The voice was sexy and flirtatious. I turned to my right to see this gorgeous woman standing a foot away from me. She wore a black and red bondage dress that showed every inch of her curves. Her hair fell perfectly in place down the middle of her back. Her lips were stained with red lip-gloss and her make-up was very natural and allowed her hazel eyes to pop. 

"If I wouldn't know any better you're not as enthused about engagement parties as I am. Except for the open bar." Her smile was perfect and she stuck her tongue out just a bit. 

"Something like that," I muttered. 

"I'm Danielle, but everyone calls me Dani." 

"I'm Kelly. Nice to meet you." 

"So how do you know the lovely bride and groom to be?," Dani asked. 

"The bride is a high school friend of mine. You?" 

"The groom is my cousin. He's a good guy, my favorite cousin actually. They seem like a great couple." 

Yea, well Gina can be a handful so the fact she found someone who can handle her automatically gets points in my book." 

The bartender sat my drink on the bar and before the bottom of the glass could even touch the bar, I had it in my hand and halfway through it. 

"So, let me guess, recent break-up?" 

"I'm sorry?" I asked. 

"Well you're at an engagement party. At the bar, alone and guzzling down alcohol like prohibition is about to begin again. Usually means a person is newly single and having to bear the true love sediment an engagement party represents." 

"Or I could be an alcoholic," I countered. 

Her laugh was contagious. "This is true. Well, Kelly, are you an alcoholic?" 

"Only on the weekends. But, yes if you must know I am newly single, however it wasn't that much of a bad break-up, but the fact I am still single." I swallowed the rest of my drink and could feel the alcohol already. I immediately began regretting not eating much the entire day. 

"Also, I now have to find another good lay." 

The words flew out of my mouth and I froze. 

Dani bursts into laughter and I wasn't sure if she was laughing at me in general or the statement. 

"Well yes, the struggle is real in having to find another good fuck. Unless you keep around that one good friend you can call at any moment when you need your needs taken care of." 

"Yea, I wish. I can't even imagine sleeping with one of my current guy friends, and I certainly won't be calling any ex of mine any time soon." 

"You know what, I'm in the mood to do a shot, care to join me?" 

How could I deny her request? I was drawn to every part of her. 

"Two shots of tequila baby, chilled." 

The bartender even seemed drawn into her. He practically ignored the couple requesting two glasses of wine to be at Dani's beck and call. 

"Cheers, to a drunken night of being single, and that not being a bad thing." 

And with that one shot, turned into two shots, then three, then four amongst a pleather of mixed drinks. We talked the entire night. Dani commanded my entire attention. She spoke of her marketing and PR firm that had taken off within the past two years. Her recent travels to two islands where she frequented the nude beaches and how freeing it was to just be naked. She spoke of prior boyfriends and how none of them were able to give her what she was looking for. I told her of my small town upbringing and how I was the first member of my family to go off to college on a full scholarship. I told her all about the upcoming weddings I was obligated to be in and how it seemed as if everyone around me was getting married. We drank and laughed and didn't move from our spot the entire evening. 

"So Kelly, I let me ask you this. When was the last time you were fully satisfied?" 

Trying to hold back the giggles I asked, "How so?" 

"You know...sexually." 

"Well, that's the one thing I can say, is every one I have been with has been pretty satisfying." 

"Consider yourself lucky then. You haven't had to endure the trauma of the awful sex." 

"I will say this Dani, I feel like I am sometimes searching for more, but you know how much more can a girl get?" 

As I looked at her, I could see the smirk on her face. 

"Oh Kelli, it can be so much more." 

Before I could ask her what she meant, I had the sudden urge to break the seal from drinking. I excused myself and told Dani I would be right back. 

I was feeling pretty confident and I couldn't understand why. Dani was making me feel like we have known one another for years and also in an unexplainable way, very sexual. I looked at myself in the mirror and I felt sexy. I wanted Dani to think I was just as sexy as she was. I fixed my blonde hairs up do to make sure the strands were still in place and began to rummage through my purse to reapply my pink lip-gloss. The door to the restroom opened and it was Dani. 

Have you ever just looked at someone and wondered what they would be like in bed? How they would feel? How they would taste? What the hell? I'm fantasizing about another woman! A woman who has been extremely nice to me tonight. Still...a woman! But a sexy woman. 

"You know Kelly, when I said sex could be so much more, I meant it. You just have to think outside the box a little." 

She moved towards me, staring at me and biting her lower lip. 

Her hand reached for mine on the marble sink and her fingers ran carelessly up my hand to my arm. She stepped closer, gazing up at me. I froze. I didn't know what to do. I never thought I would be in this situation, but I was. And I couldn't deny how much I was attracted to Dani. As soon as I admitted that to myself, I knew I wanted her. I wanted every part of her body. 

As she drew closer to me, her scent was overpowering. She smelled so good and I could see the glisten of her gloss on her lips. I closed my eyes and welcomed her lips to touch mine. How soft they were. Her tongue grazed mine. Her hand moved across my face and embraced me. I could feel her hand in my hair. Her body moved even closer and her beautiful, perfectly proportioned breasts touched mine. I felt myself embrace her as I my hands held onto her hips. The kissing threw me into a frenzy. At first I thought it was the alcohol, but it wasn't, it was Dani. It was my desire to have Dani. 

She slid her hands down the front of my dress and across my breasts, circling my nipple. I couldn't help, but let out a gasp. I instantly was wet from the mere trace of her hand on my nipple on the outside of my dress. 

"How does this make you feel Kelly?" 

"Amazing." 

"Do you want me?" 

"Yes, oh God yes. But, Dani, I've never been with another woman before. I don't know what I'm doing and to be honest I don't even know if I'm into women." 

"Are you into me?" 

"I find you very sexy and yes, I want to keep kissing and touching you." 

"Then don't make this about me being a woman. Let me touch you. Let me kiss you." 

She leaned into my ear and whispered, "Let me lick you. Let me make you cum. Let me fuck your gorgeous body." 

As she spoke the words, I gave in, I wanted to cum. I wanted to be taken to a whole new level. I knew Dani could take me there. 

"Where should we go? " 

"I have a room upstairs. Join me." 

With that I followed her out the door towards the elevators. 

I clutched to my purse as I could feel the nerves swell my body. I thought back to all the times I knew I was going to get into someone's bed and the only time I was this nervous was when I lost my virginity. We boarded the elevator and as the doors closed, Dani's fingers ran alongside the hem of my dress. 

"Do you have any idea how sexy you are Kelly?" 

"Dani, please you are the sexy one." 

"I'm going to show you what you've been missing out on." 

The elevators opened and I followed Dani down the hall. Her ass was amazing. So firm and the dress complimented it. Before I knew it, she was unlocking her room and we both stepped inside. Her suite was beautiful and from what I can tell from our short time knowing one another, very much her style. 

As I was taking in the view, Dani placed her hands on my hips and her warm breath was on my neck. Her lips and tongue caressed and sent shocks through my entire body. She slowly spun me around and we continued what we started down stairs. I couldn't stop kissing her. She was intoxicating. She grabbed my hand and led me to the bedroom. As she spun around she reached behind her and unzipped her tight dress unveiling a red lace bra and matching thong. Her body was perfect. 

She ushered me over the bed where she climbed onto and knelt on her knees on the edge. As I stood in front of her she ran her hand up my dress and traced the outline of my panties. 

"I want to trace every part of your body with my tongue and taste every bit of you." 

Her lips traveled down my neck and to my cleavage. She rolled my dress slowly up over my breasts and head. I stood before her in just my panties. 

"God damn Kelly! Your body alone makes me so wet." 

She pulled me onto the bed and pushed me onto my back. We giggled, but I loved her aggression. She dominated the entire experience, and I loved not having to be in control. Her body laid on top of mine and moved her lips and her tongue down the front of my frame. Her lips met my stomach before moving back up. She took my breast into her hand and caressed and squeezed. Her eyes looked up at me and I let out a moan as she began to suck on my nipple. My back arched in pleasure as she nibbled ever so slightly. Her nails simultaneously running along my other side. I gripped onto the pillows behind my head as my eyes closed and I allowed Dani to have my body. 

She moved slowly down further and I burned with desire. I was nervous for what was about to come, but anxious at the same time. Dani placed small kissed on my pussy as she spread my lips and exposed my clit. She slowly licked my clit, savoring every taste. Her lips sucked in between making me flinch with pleasure. Her tongue began to increase in speed and I moan with every lick. I couldn't contain myself. The pleasure flowed through my entire body and all I could do was let it out by screaming. 

"Oh Dani! Oh God! I'm going to cum!" 

"Cum for me baby. Cum all in my mouth. Let me lick you dry." 

With those words spoken, I felt my orgasm explode. It was the most intense cum I have ever had with anyone and I came all in her mouth. She vigorously licked me as if she wanted to lick me dry. Her hands snuck underneath my ass and continued to squeeze and dig her nails giving me just enough pain that it felt oh so good. 

"Not only do you look good, but you taste so good." 

She gave me a few more good licks before she poked her head up at me and ran her fingers inside my tight wet pussy. I couldn't help, but let out a scream of surprise. Her fingers slid ever so deep inside of me while her other hand massaged my clit. I could feel it building again inside of me. She continued to thrust her fingers into me. At this point Dani was crouched over me, thrusting and rubbing me, she bent down further and out came her tongue again. The combination drew me into a frenzy. I came even harder than the first time. 

"Oh Dani!! Fuck me! Yes, fuuuuckkk me!" 

"Baby girl, you're so squirmy. I love it!" 

As I recovered from the orgasm, I felt the desire inside me to give Dani the same pleasure she deserved. I sat up and pulled Dani close to me. I kissed her like I have never kissed anyone else and tangled my hands into her hair tugging her head back to expose her neck. I licked and kissed her neck while undoing her bra. Her perfect breasts were exposed. God, she had to be a 36D, nice and perky and her skin was tan and delicious. 

I rolled her over and straddled her. I took my time and caressed every part of her body while she bit her lower lip with every touch. I began to move my hips and grind on her body as I ran my hands up and down her breasts. I moved her hair off to the side and placed her nipple into my mouth and savored the taste. I sucked and sucked hard. Her hand hit the head board and she let out the most erotic moan. Her moan motivated me. I wanted to please her. I crawled my body down to her pussy where I examined her perfect pink. I took all of her clit into my mouth and began to suck. I discovered a rhythm of licking her and touching her clit with my finger where she was now in a frenzy. I had to hold her down with my weight as she wouldn't stop squirming. I could tell she was close by her moans growing louder and louder. I licked her faster and faster. The taste of her was delicious. I heard her yelling she was going to cum and that's when I took her entire clit into my mouth and sucked as hard as I could. She screamed so loud I was sure other people in the surrounding rooms could hear her. Immediately I could taste her even more and my mouth filled with her cum. I savored every drop that entered my mouth. 

Her body was limp and I could tell she was recuperating, but she wasn't done with us yet. I lifted my head from her pussy as I licked her dry and I felt her grab me up to her face. 

She kissed me and licked my lips. 

"I've always wanted to know how I tasted. Now sit on my face." 

I obeyed her command as moved up the bed and placed my pussy on top of her face. I grabbed onto the headboard to brace myself as she wrapped her arms around my legs and pulled me down further. I could feel her tongue enter my pussy. She was inside me and it was unlike anything I have every felt before. After a few minutes of penetrating my pussy with her tongue, she made her way to my clit. I felt myself grinding back and forth onto her tongue. I was riding her tongue as I came yet again, but this time I was in control. I used her tongue as I moved up and down. I collapsed onto the side of the bed, exhausted from the drinking and the pleasure. Before I knew it, my eyes closed and I drifted off into a sleep, naked and in Dani's bed. 

I woke to the sun shining into the bedroom and my body fully exposed. Surprisingly I felt ok and there wasn't any remnants of a hangover. I took a few minutes and it all came back to me of the events that unfolded in that very bedroom just a mere hours ago. One of the most sensual nights of my life and it was with another woman. 

Wait, where was Dani? I sat up and looked around. She didn't appear to be in the bedroom. I got up and gathered my clothing. I wonder if the hotel would know I was about to do the walk of shame through their lobby? What if someone I knew was staying here as well and saw me? They would know I was with someone just by the mere fact I would be walking through the lobby in a cocktail dress at 8:00 a.m. with what I can only imagine would be sex hair. But more importantly where was Dani? 

I quickly dressed and walked out of the bedroom of the suite. On the coffee table was a handwritten note: 

Thanks for an unforgettable night. I could still taste you in my mouth when I woke up. Looking forward to seeing you again at the wedding. Be ready for a more intense round 2. 

Dani