 Jane had had a particularly difficult week; Lynn had been out of town on business since Sunday and talking to her on the phone every night had no satisfied the hunger Jane felt for her. Lynn was not due to return until Saturday and this week at work had been a nightmare. Jane boss had her working on a huge project that had to be completed by Friday night. As she sat at her desk Friday morning she felt the tension working knots in her shoulders. It was just after nine in the morning when her phone rang, she hesitated answering it for fear that it might be her boss. Jane was slightly puzzled when she noticed that the caller id displayed her home phone. Jane answered the phone and heard Lynn tell her "Good morning, beautiful." She explained that she had heard the stress in her voice and had asked her boss to leave a day earlier. Lynn ended their conversation by telling her "I have a special night planned for you that will take care of all your appetites."

Jane spent the rest of the day wondering what Lynn had planned for her; she fought to concentrate as she put the last few touches on her project. Lynn was always full of very pleasant surprises. She really knew how to get inside her, not just inside her body. Her mind was her favorite place to play and she was already in there now.

The drive home had seemed shorter than usual. Lynn greeted her at the door wearing a sexy dress and that evil little grin of hers. Lynn gave her a big hug and a passionate kiss. The smells of Lynn's cooking had enticed her when he opened the door for her. Lynn took the brief case from Jane and led her to the table where she was treated to a candle-lit dinner complete with a bottle of her favorite wine. The meal was gourmet! The meal toyed with all her taste; hot, sour, salty, and even a little bitter. Throughout their meal, Lynn kept giving her that look. They chatted about each others work week as they ate, but she could see by the look deep inside Lynn's eyes that she was in for the night of her life. When Jane had finished the last bite, Lynn cleared the table and told her that the dessert would be served in the living room and that she would meet her there in a few minutes.

Jane went into the living room and found the fireplace glowing, champagne glasses on the hearth, and the big thick blanket and big fluffy pillows spread out in front of the fireplace. She sat in the chair and waited for Lynn to return. Jane's mind raced at the possibilities and wondered what would be next. She could feel the week's tensions beginning to melting away. 

Jane heard Lynn's bare feet coming down the hall; she walk into the room wearing her silk bathrobe. She lit a few candles and turned on the stereo; slow sultry jazz poured lightly from the speakers. Lynn went to the kitchen and returned with a beach towel, a bottle of champagne, a bowl of strawberries, a bowl of chocolate, and a bowl of whipped cream. Lynn placed the bowls on the hearth and poured her a glass of champagne. She proposed a toast to a night of pleasures. Jane felt Lynn's eyes penetrated her deep into her soul. The room seemed to blur just a bit and the rest of the world was a distant memory; it was just the two of them, right there and now. Jane was pulled out of the daze as Lynn helped her stand up.

Without a word, Lynn turned her around and started to unbutton her blouse from behind her, while she softly kissed the back of Jane's neck. Lynn helped her out of her blouse and then kissed her gently on the lips. Jane kissed back and wanted more of her mouth, but Lynn pulled back away, smiled at her, spun her back around, and unzipped her skirt. Lynn let it slowly slide to the floor, while she kissed Jane's neck. Lynn sat her back down, knelt in front of her, and kissed her way down each of Jane's legs. Lynn pulled each of her shoes off, as she slowly reached them. She repeated the process as she undid Jane's garters and slid her hose off. Lynn's hands were hot and the feeling of her hands sliding down Jane's legs gave her a little quiver. 

Next, Lynn reached behind Jane and undid her bra, letting her breast fall free. She slid the straps off and held Jane close, just staring in her eyes. Lynn was close enough that Jane could feel her breath against her mouth, but no kiss was to be had this time. Still kneeling in front of her, Lynn stood her up and gently kissed the wetness of her panties. Jane felt her tongue gently caressing her lips through the silky fabric. She heard Lynn take in a deep breath and gently sighed. Lynn's hand moved to the sides of her panties and gently slid them to the floor. She turned Jane around and kissed her on the very bottom of the checks of her ass, licking them ever so slightly. She kissed her way up Jane's back and hugged her from behind, gently kissing her neck. She could feel Lynn's hard nipples brushing against her. Jane let out a long slow moan and began to grind her hips against Lynn, only to have her pull away. Lynn walked Jane over to the blanket, spread the towel on the blanket, laid her down, and refreshed her glass.

It was time for dessert. Lynn reached into the bowl, pulled out a strawberry, dipped it in the chocolate, and moved it over Jane's body. She felt the warm chocolate drip on her breast. Lynn took the strawberry and spread the chocolate around her nipple and then presented it to her mouth. As Jane licked the chocolate from the strawberry, she licked Jane's breast. Jane sucked on the strawberry. Lynn sucked her nipple. When Jane took a bite of the strawberry, Lynn softly nibbled on her nipple. Lynn dipped her finger in her glass and slipped it into Jane's mouth. Jane greedily sucked on Lynn's finger. Suddenly, Jane felt cold champagne spill out on her chest and run down to her belly. Lynn's hot tongue was licking down her chest to her belly button. Jane felt the desire burning from between her legs, she had wanted Lynn long time before this, but she knew that Lynn would make her wait. Lynn reached into the bowl and grabbed another strawberry. She ran it around Jane's nipples, down her belly, and then between her very moist lips. Lynn slowly spread Jane's lips with the cold fruit, while watching her squirm with delight. Lynn slid the strawberry deeper inside Jane, while she dipped her other finger in the chocolate and dripped it all over Jane's belly, nipples and up to her mouth. The chocolate slowly dripped on Jane's lips; she opened her mouth and let the sweet chocolate drip on her tongue. Lynn dipped her finger in the hot chocolate and gave Jane her finger, which she took it deep in her throat. 

Lynn worked the strawberry in and out of Jane with the rhythm of her sucking. Jane felt the fruit removed and looked up to see her lover looking back at her smiling. Lynn took the fruit and rubbed it in the pools of chocolate forming in Jane's belly button, put it to her mouth and sucked on the strawberry while looking at Jane. With her finger still in Jane's mouth, Lynn greedily consumed the fruit. 

Lynn spread cold whipped cream all over Jane's breast, down her belly, and to her pubic area. Lynn leaned over Jane and began to lick the smooth, tasty cream from her firm breast. She licked her way down Jane's belly and ran her tongue deep in her belly button. Then Lynn's tongue licked Jane's pubic area clean. Lynn finished, reached for her glass of champagne, and poured some between Jane's hot and wet pussy. Jane moaned loudly as Lynn began to lick the outsides of each lip. Her tongue lightly ran down just inside Jane's pussy and then Lynn licked that tender flesh between her two holes. Jane looked down into Lynn's eyes, as she slipped her tongue back over Jane's soft lips. Jane eyes shut as she let out a loud groan. Lynn's tongue slipped deeper inside Jane, which made her squirm with delight.

Lynn leaned up and took a long slow drink from her glass and then another sip. She went back work on Jane's pussy and began to kiss her clit. The cold liquid ran from Lynn's mouth and over Jane's hot little button, Jane thought she was going to cumn right then and there. Lynn began to work her tongue inside her deeper and faster. Lynn could tell that Jane was close, so she grabbed Jane's waist tighter and slid her finger inside her. Jane's juices flowed freely down her ass; she knew it wouldn't be long before Lynn would be fucking her sweet little pussy with her finger. 

Sure enough, Lynn slid her finger inside Jane's pussy and licked her with animal lust. Jane felt her pussy sucking Lynn's finger inside her! Lynn's tongue had moved up to Jane's clit and began to circle the sensitive little button. Lynn began to suck her clit and flick it with her tongue. Lynn's finger was working in and out Jane with the same rhythm that she was sucking. Jane began to groan and grabbed her hair and pulled Lynn to her tightly! Lynn curled her finger and found that spot inside Jane's pussy that drove her nuts! Then Jane felt a gentle pressure against her asshole. Another finger slipped easily into her ass, the fullness sent her over the edge. Jane felt the spasms starting to grow more intense. Lynn began to gently lick her clit until Jane screamed out Lynn's name, as well as every name for God known to man. The spasms were powerful; Jane felt her legs begin to tremble. Lynn greedily lapped up the tasty juices that flowed from Jane, while she looked deep into Jane's eyes. Jane forced herself to keep her eyes open and watch Lynn's eyes devour her. 

When Jane's spasms subsided, she looked to see Lynn smiling at her as she got up to pour her another glass of bubbly. Lynn lay down beside Jane, reached over to kiss her lightly on the lips, and told her that she had another surprise for her. Lynn got up and said that she would be back for her in a minute. Jane lay there buzzing from the champagne and the orgasm, feeling the warmth of the fire glowing over her naked body. She wondered what else he had in store for her and if she would get to return the favor tonight, but then another thought popped into her head as she lay there: how she would torture Lynn when it was her turn to be in charge! 

Lynn re-entered the room wearing her silk bath robe. Jane could see her hard nipples beneath the silky material; material that also gave away Lynn's own excitement. The silky material between Lynn's thighs showed signs of dampness and Jane's wondered how much longer Lynn could go without letting her at least let her suck on Lynn's nipples or lick her damp pussy. Lynn's ability to suspend her own sexual satisfaction sometimes drove Jane right out of her mind, but she knew that this feeling was Lynn's ultimate goal. She loved mentally torturing Jane. 

Lynn helped Jane to her feet, looked deep into her eyes, smiled, and turned her around. Jane felt Lynn step closer to her. Lynn reached her arms around Jane's naked waist; she felt a silky material brush against her soft pubic hair. Lynn slowly ran the material up Jane's belly and around her breast. Jane leaned back against Lynn; she could feel Lynn's excitement. Lynn was really enjoying this long slow torture. Lynn kissed Jane's neck and brought a silk scarf up to her neck. She slowly folded the scarf into a long thin strand and placed it over Jane's eyes. She tied it so that it was beneath Jane's hair and so that she could no longer see anything. Lynn stepped away from her, leaving Jane feeling naked and very vulnerable, God she loved it! 

Lynn took Jane by the hand and led her down the hall to their bedroom. As she grew nearer, Jane could hear bath water running as she lead her towards the bathroom. She smelled the sweet smell of vanilla and jasmine; Jane thought it was time for her favorite jasmine bubble bath with the candles glowing around their garden tub. She loved a good bath, especially when Lynn joined her! 

As they entered the bathroom, full of sweet hot smells, Lynn stopped her and turned off the water. Jane heard the soft relaxing sounds of classical music floating in the air. Once inside the bathroom, Lynn led her past the bathtub and into their walk-in shower. She was going to make her wait for the bath! Lynn laughed her evil little laugh and Jane let a soft "fuck you!" escape her lips. To which Lynn replied "Good things come to those who wait!" She took a step back and left Jane standing there naked and blindfolded. 

Jane felt a sudden gush of hot water pouring over her breast. The water was at the temperature that was almost burning, but not quite. It was a very pleasant pain that Lynn knew she enjoyed. The water ran down the front of her body, warming her. Another stream of water flowed down Jane's back. Then she felt Lynn rubbing her back with a hot soft cloth. The silkiness of soap being slid slowly over Jane's back was more than she could take; Jane let out a long slow moan. Lynn's strong hands moved to Jane's butt and she washed each cheek, paying special attention to the tender undersides. Lynn washed slowly down each leg. It all felt glorious. She rinsed Jane off slowly, so that the hot water flowed down her back and in between her ass, dripping slowly off her pussy lips. 

Jane felt the hot soapy cloth on her neck, moving slowly over each shoulder and then down each arm. Lynn raised her arms so that she had to hold on to the shower head. As she washed the under sides of Jane's arms, Jane felt Lynn's naked body brush against her. Lynn moved the cloth down to Jane's breast and lightly encircling each breast. She worked her way down Jane's belly and over her hips. Lynn moved around her and Jane heard her kneel in front of her. She felt Lynn's hot breath against her pussy, and then the washcloth running slowly up her leg to her knee, stop, and then up the other leg. There was a short pause when she felt Lynn's breath against her skin. Jane could feel the coolness working on her body; her nipples were beginning to get hard and after what seemed a lifetime, Jane felt the hot and soapy cloth return to her thighs. Lynn slid the hot clothe slowly up her leg and across her pussy, and then back down her other leg. Lynn moved Jane's legs apart and then brought the freshly warmed washcloth to her already hot lips. Jane felt her knees buckle just a little, but held onto the shower head and steadied herself. She felt the hot cloth spread her lips and then the heat against her very excited clitoris. Lynn moved it back to Jane's inner lips and gently washed each one. After she washed Jane's tender asshole and she heard Lynn stand up. 

Knowing what was coming next, didn't make it any less exciting, Jane felt the rush of hot water slowly running over her shoulder. Lynn rinsed each breast with a generous amount of water, making it hurt just enough. The hot water poured down over Jane's aching pussy, making her moan loudly. Lynn poured more water over Jane's breast, moving the slow trickle of water down her belly, and then on her downy fur. Jane felt Lynn spread her lips and then the hot water rushed over her tender flesh. Jane's knees buckled again and she slipped, but Lynn caught her in her arms and gave Jane a long passionate kiss. Lynn pulled off Jane's blindfold and told her it was finally time for her bubble bath. 

After helping Jane to her feet, Lynn opened the shower door, led her to the tub, and helped her in the silky hot water. The candles surrounding the tube gave off a warm, sexy glow; Jane melted into the water as Lynn went back into the shower and retrieved the antique pitcher that she had used earlier. Lynn slowly poured the water over Jane's hair until it was very wet. She put some soap in her hands and began to work it through Jane's hair. Lynn massaged her head as he lathered up the shampoo. Lynn rinsed Jane's hair slowly, letting the water gently run over her head. Once Jane's hair was rinsed, Lynn slipped into the tub behind her and poured Jane another glass of champagne. Lynn held Jane close and lightly caressed her in the silky water. Jane could almost fall asleep because the environment was so relaxing. They stayed cuddle up for a long time, listening to the soft flowing music in the candlelight; it was almost heaven indeed! The week from Hell seemed a distant memory.

In spite of Jane's intense desire for Lynn, she drifted off to sleep in her arms. The warm water, music, champagne, and the orgasms had left her sleepy. Jane only woke a little when she felt Lynn slide out of the tub and gently ease her head against a towel. She had just about drifted back to sleep, when Lynn reentered the room, dressed in her silk boxers and shirt. She had a large towel and Jane's thick Terri-cloth robe in her hands. Jane tried to apologize for falling asleep, but Lynn placed her finger to Jane's mouth to quite her. 

Lynn helped Jane out of the tub and began to towel her off with the soft warm towel, fresh and hot right out of the dryer. She slowly dried off Jane's back, easing her way down her body. Lynn kissed her soft, freshly washed bottom as she dried the back of Jane's legs. Lynn turned Jane around and dried her way up Jane's legs. The soft warm towel brushed against her hot sex as Lynn gently toweled her off. When Lynn reached Jane's breast with the towel, the warm towel had a damping effect on her sweet lower lips. After drying Jane's face and hair Lynn gave her a soft wet kiss and whispered "You are so beautiful!" Lynn pulled her close and hugged her for a moment; Jane wanted to stay wrapped in Lynn's arms for the rest of the night, but Lynn was not done yet.

Lynn sat her down in their dressing chair and began to carefully comb Jane's wet hair. When her hair was free of tangles, Lynn began to blow dry her hair. Jane sat back and enjoyed all her special attention. Jane's head was still swimming from the hot bath. Lynn continued until her hair was dry, every once in a while, the hot air would blow down into Jane's robe and warm her nipples. The hot air on her nipples only added to her already damp pussy.

Lynn helped Jane out of the chair and walked her towards the bed. Vanilla candles surrounded the bed and on the bed side table was a bowel of hot water with a bottle of vanilla lotion floating in it. Jane knew that she was in for one of Lynn's glorious body massages. Lynn helped Jane out of her robe and laid her on her stomach, covering her lower body with the robe. Lynn took the lotion out of the bowl of hot water, let the warm lotion drip onto Jane's flesh, and began to rub her shoulders. Jane let out a soft moan as Lynn worked out the last of her built up tension from a difficult week. Lynn massaged her way down Jane's back until she reached Jane's butt. Again, she let the lotion drip into the crack of Jane's ass; Lynn's strong hand massaged Jane's butt muscles deeply. Her hands gently brushed Jane's lips as she continued the stroke around her checks. This contact continued to add to Jane's dampness. Jane looked back to see a knowing grin on Lynn's face. She thought that she had felt it earlier, but the sensitive flesh of her ass let her know for sure, that Lynn had placed just a touch of cinnamon oil in the lotion. Jane said, "You enjoy this too much!" Lynn replied "What?" with her evil little laugh and moved to the back of Jane's thighs and slowly, but firmly stroked her thighs. The back of her knees was another area Lynn paid special attention to, before moving down to Jane's tired calf muscles. 

After massaging the tension from her calves, Lynn had Jane turn over to her back and moved in between her legs. Lynn again covered Jane's top with the robe. She placed Jane's left foot in between her crotch; Jane could feel Lynn's wetness again. Lynn took Jane's right foot in her hand and placed a generous amount of lotion on Jane's foot and began to rub her toes. Lynn used her thumbs to press hard down the center of Jane's foot; this sent a surprising twinge up the middle of her pussy. Lynn repeated this on Jane's other foot; she could see moisture building up on Jane's neither lips. Lynn moved up farther between Jane's legs and massaged her shins and then her knees. Lynn was sitting with Jane's knees draped over her thighs; the heat was rising up from between them. If Jane was allowed to, she would have ground her wet pussy against Lynn's wet pussy until they both came hard. But Lynn was not going to let that happen tonight and Jane knew it now.
