 "Oh!" Sara thought. "Crap." She whispered to herself. She was sitting at a long table against the far wall of the lunch room. She was sitting alone as she always was but that was not her problem. She had just took a break from studying, looking up, glancing around the room when her eyes met those of Anna Chase.

Anna, a tall, blonde, athletic senior was looking at her. And it was not that the girl's eyes had been roaming around the room and their visual paths simply crossed. No, she was looking at Sara and poor Sara immediately became self-conscious and began to squirm on her chair.

Sara was wearing the standard issue uniform for the girls at St, Mary's college. White blouse with a dark blue pleated skirt. Some of the girls, like Anna, who was now standing up, still looking at Sara, had taken to the practice of rolling the skirt up at the waist, making them shorter. Sara was pretty sure Anna was doing two rolls lately. 

She had watched her in science class just this morning and it was not her first time. In that class, Anna sat to Sara's left and two rows behind. Sara could lower her head and glance back. Anna usually sat with her legs crossed showing off a lot of long tan legs. 

Sara had returned her attention to her book as soon as she had seen Anna looking her way but she was now certain that someone was standing in front of her and she was pretty sure who it was.

She sensed the movement as Anna slid onto a chair across from her. Sara waited, not wanting to look up. But Anna began tapping a fingernail on the table top. Sara finally relented and looked at her. Anna was smiling at her. "Have you heard?" Anna asked.

Sara just sat there, a blank look on her face. "Right." Anna said. "Well, Cassie, you know my friend Cassie? Right?"

Sara knew that Anna always seemed to be accompanied by a girl from the junior class and she was guessing that was Cassie. But she finally shook her head no.

Anna grinned. "She left school today. Her parents moved her to a school in Connecticut or someplace like that."

"Sorry." Sara said.

Anna leaned forward, her hand found Sara's, holding it. "I don't want you to be sorry." She whispered. Sara watched the girl as she glanced around the room. When she looked back, Anna said. "I want you to be my friend now."

Sara was all but shocked. Anna was the most popular girl in school and had never done anything more than frown at her when she found herself in Anna's way walking down the hall.

"Why?" Sara said. "I don't understand?"

Anna looked hurt. She stood up. "Fuck it then." She said.

"I didn't mean." Sara started. But Anna turned back.

"You know my room?" She asked.

Sara nodded.

"Come by after dinner." Anna said and left.

Sara watched her walk over to another table where three girls sat. After Anna apparently said something funny, the three laughed out loud. And then they all left the lunch room together.

It was after eight when Sara finally worked up the nerve to go up to Anna's room. She stood waiting after she had softly knocked on her door. When it opened slightly, she saw Anna's face looking at her from around the edge of the door. Anna looked at her watch and then at Sara. "Figured you weren't coming." She stepped back and pulled the door wider giving Sara room to enter.

Barely inside, Anna closed the door and Sara heard the lock flip closed. When she turned toward Anna, she realized the girl was only wearing a tee and panties. The top, barely reaching the elastic on her panties along with the high cut style of them, made her legs look even longer

Anna reached out as she moved past Sara and put a finger under her chin. When she lifted, Sara realized she had been standing there with her mouth open. Anna grinned at her as she slid into her desk chair. "It's alright." She said. "I know I look good."

"No." Sara said. "It's not like that."

"Sure it is." Anna said. "I see you sneaking looks at me in class." She turned her attention to an open book on the desk. She added. "You can sit at my roommate's desk while I finish my homework."

Sara settled onto the adjacent desk chair and waited. As Anna studied, she was slowly but steadily turning in her seat until her knees were pointed more toward Sara. She never looked up but Sara was watching as Anna eased her left knee up and planted her foot on the rung of the chair. When Anna finally looked her way, Sara quickly looked away. Anna laughed. "I told you it was alright."

"What?" Sara said.

"This." Anna said and Sara looked back in Anna's direction. Anna eased her knee to the side bringing her panties into clear view.

"Don't" Sara said. "You shouldn't do that."

"Do what?" Anna said. "Show you what you have been straining to see for weeks?"

"No." Said Sara. "I haven't."

"Right." Anna said. She turned completely sideways in the chair to face Sara. Her right hand started on her chest and slowly was making its way down over her breast and then her abdomen. When it slid between her legs, Sara looked down at her own hands now pressed into her lap.

"Hey." Anna said. She waited until Sara looked up. Anna smiled at her. "See." She whispered. Her fingers were inside the leg of her panties. Sara really wanted to look away but she couldn't. Anna eased the crotch of her black panties to the side. Her mound was shaved neat and bare. Sara was in a trance.

"I knew you would like me." She said.

Sara was slowly shaking her head but was quiet, and still looking. 

Anna stood up. She moved close to Sara and placed a hand on her shoulder. Slowly her fingers traced a path down her arm until she found Anna's fingers. She laced their fingers together and then she tugged. Sara slowly stood. Anna's free hand slipped around the back of Sara's neck and she urged the girl forward. Their lips touched without resistance from Sara. She seemed to melt as Anna's tongue traced her lips and then eased its way into Sara's mouth. 

Anna kissed her cheek, her neck, but when her lips brushed Sara's ear, Sara shivered. She snaked the tip of her tongue inside Sara's ear and Sara's knees weakened. She was breathing erratic. 

Anna turned and still holding Sara's fingers, led her to the side of her bed. She turned to look at Sara and without speaking, she found the hem of her tee and pulled it over her head, tossing it to the floor. As she thumbed the waistband of her panties, Sara starting shaking her head side to side.

The panties were eased over her hips and Anna released them. They fluttered to the floor. Anna raised a knee and hoisted herself onto her bed. She settled back, leaning against the headboard, drawing her knees up and smiling at Sara. "I need a new friend." She said.

Sara, still shaking her head. "I don't. I haven't. I." Sara stammered.

Anna raised her hand. And then, laying her left leg way over onto the mattress, she ran her fingers along the inside of her thigh. Sara's eyes followed. "I can teach you."

Sara was starting to speak. Anna cut her off. "I thought you might be the one." She said. She nodded to the door. "Just go." She picked up a magazine and pretended to ignore Sara.

Sara just stood there confused. "I can be your friend, but."

"Not the kind I want, the kind I need." Anna said without looking up. Finally she turned her attention from her magazine. "Come here." She said.

Sara slowly moved to the side of the bed. Anna reached to the waist band of her skirt. "You can go unlock the door." She said. "Or I will unbutton your skirt. Teach you how to be a true friend to me."

While Sara stood there thinking, trying to decide what it all meant, she felt the button on her skirt slip free. The side zipper was next to be eased down. But then Anna folded her arms behind her head. "Watching my friend undress is part of what I like." She said.

After a long period of the two staring at each other, Anna saw movement, Sara was using the toe of one foot to slip off her shoes. When she eased her skirt over her slim hips, Anna licked her lips. The girl was hers and she knew it.

Sara was slow to unbutton her blouse but then her bra and panties disappeared with little fanfare. She stood there naked and very inhibited. Anna patted the bed between her legs.

Sara paused. "Don't hesitate now sweetie. You'll run for sure."

Sara crawled onto the bed, not knowing why she was still there. Anna held out her hands. "Come sweetie."

Sara leaned forward and Anna placed a hand on either side of her face. "Lick your lips." Anna said.

Sara ran her tongue over her lips. "Again." Anna instructed. Sara repeated moistening her mouth. "I like you to be nice and wet when you touch me." She began to guide Sara to her sex. Sara's resistance seemed to melt away. Anna could lead her wherever she pleased.

When Sara's mouth touched her labia, Anna arched her back, turning her pussy upward to meet Sara. Her knees drew up, her legs fell apart and she moaned. Unsure, Sara began to lick, just like when she lay in her own bed imagining how it might be to pleasure a girl. She had been right. As she licked the length of Anna's sex, Anna's ass began to roll in small circles. Her moans became more vocal. 

Anna's fingers were woven into Sara's hair. She tugged gently, urging Sara on. Wanting her to take her to new heights.

"Well, that didn't take long." The voice came from behind Sara. Her head snapped up but Anna's grip held her close. 

"It's just my roommate." Anna whispered. "Finish me. I'm so close." She pushed Sara's mouth back onto her pussy and began lifting her ass off of the bed, pressing onto Sara's busy little mouth. 

"Could you give us a few minutes, please?" Anna smiled at Tess, her roommate.

"Of course." Tess said. "Where are my manners?" She came forward and settled onto the edge of her own bed where the view of the two girls was just a few feet away. "I can have her when you're finished, right?"

Sara's tried to lift her head and protest again but Anna had her in a tight grip. "You are fucking me so good, sweetie." Anna grunted and Sara lapped along her length. She drew her knees up to her chest and her ass was thrusting upward. She was rolling her head side to side.

Sara forgot about Tess and when Anna's juices began to coat her tongue, she nearly came herself. She was intent on giving Anna her best orgasm ever.

Anna rode wave after wave. Another girl cuming on young Sara's tongue for the first time in the girl's life. Both girls were in heaven. When Anna finally patted Sara on the top of her head, she whispered. "You are just going to love Tess." 

Sara looked up at Anna. Her eyes were moist. "Please don't ask me to." Anna placed a finger on her lips.

"Don't embarrass me sweetie." Anna said. "Besides, Tess is a cheerleader. She has been at practice for the last two hours. "She is going to taste so good, just for you sweetie."

Anna pressed her hand to Sara's shoulder and pushed. Sara rose up onto her knees. For the first time, she looked over at the other bed. A long-legged beauty was slipping her panties off of her feet. She held out her hand, her panties dangling from a finger. "Let me show you something over here, sweetie."

Anna pressed a hand to Sara's side and it was enough to get Sara off of her bed and heading for Tess's She grinned at the sight of her new little friend not only pleasuring her on their very first time together but now she was about to eat her roommate.

Sara started to sit down on the edge of Tess's bed but Tess shook her head. "No baby, between my legs, please."

Sara settled down between her legs as Tess put a finger under her chin. As Sara watched, Tess brought her panties to Sara's nose. She stopped just before they touched her. Tess rolled them in her fingers until a dark damp stain faced her. Tess slowly let them brush Sara's nose and then pressed them tight against her. She heard Sara breath in. 

Tess rubbed them up and down. "You like my fragrance after I've been exercising real hard?" Sara slowly nodded her head. Tess tossed the panties and took Sara's head in both hands. "Then you are going to love my pussy." She lowered Sara's mouth to her wet sweaty cunt. When Sara made her first lick, Tess closed her eyes and smiled. Sara finally admitted to herself that she was now living her almost nightly dream.

Anna got up and looked at the two now writhing together. Her movement caused Tess to open her eyes. She mouthed "Thank you." To Anna.

"Fucking slut." Anna said then she grinned.

Tess nodded and smiled back at Anna. Sara started to look up but Tess's hand caught her and pushed her back down. "Me sweetie. It is all about me right now."

Anna went to the shower. She didn't know how long she had stood under the hot spray but at some point, the sliding shower door brought her out of her trance. Sara was standing there.

"Tess said I should come in and see if you were okay."

"Well I doubt you can tell from there."

Sara stepped into the shower beside Anna. Her face was smeared with both girl's sex. Anna handed her a soapy wash cloth. You smell like pussy. Wash your face."

Sara washed and rinsed her face and neck and hands. When she was finished, Anna handed her a large soapy sponge. "Now you can do me sweetie."

Sara took the sponge as Anna turned around to face the tiled wall. She place her hands on the cool tile and leaned forward, spreading her legs. Sara began soaping Anna's back and shoulders. Anna began to hum softly. 

It had all worked out better than she could have ever hoped. Two days ago, when Cassie's mother had arrived at their doom room unexpectedly and Cassie had failed to lock the door before she took off her panties, Anna's sex life looked like it was going the end abruptly. And, yea, Anna hadn't helped the issue when she looked up to see Cassie's mom standing there with her mouth open.

Anna just smiled and said. "She sure can eat pussy." Then she wrapped her legs around Cassie's head as her mother began to scream. Cassie was dragged by her arm, still naked, out of the room and out of the door and shoved into the back seat of a Lincoln Navigator. Never to be seen again as far as Anna was concerned.

Anna's daydream was snapped when the sponge slipped down the crack of her ass and between her legs. Anna turned and smiled. Just hold that thought sweetie but right now I have a meeting with the University Chancellor and the women's counselor. Seems Cassie's mom was really pissed at me.

Anna got out of the shower and began drying. "Get dressed." She said to Sara. 

Anna selected a pair of black silk high cut panties and stepped into them as Sara came into the room. Tess was still on her bed reading a magazine and still naked. The smell of sweat and sex still hung in the room. Anna stepped into her yellow spaghetti strap sun dress and went over to Tess's bed and sat down. "Zip me." She said and Tess reached over with one hand and pulled her zipper up while still focused on her magazine.

Sara was tucking her blouse into her skirt and zipping up herself when Anna waved her toward the door.

When she pulled it open, Jessie Carter was standing in her open dorm room door across the hall.

As Jessie looked Sara over, she smiled. "Fuck me girl." She smiled at Anna. "Less than twenty-four hours and you have certainly stepped up in class." 

Anna wrapped an arm around Sara and tugged her close. She kissed her on her cheek. "This is Sara and yea, she's a keeper alright."

"So." Jessie asked. "Has Tess had her yet?"

Anna grinned. 

"Does that mean we might be getting a turn at some point?" Jessie asked.

"You know the rules." Anna said.

"So, same price?" Jessie said.

Anna looked at a very nervous Sara. She kissed her cheek again and then used a finger to turn her face to hers. She leaned in and pressed her lips to Sara's. "I don't think so, girl."

"Aw." Jessie started.

Anna patted Sara's ass. "Get going before this one tries to kidnap you."

As Sara hurried down the hall, she heard Jessie say. "Don't have to kidnap her." She said. "My daddy has me on a very generous allowance." 

Anna sat in the outer office of the women's counselor, Miss Amanda Avery. Her secretary, a third year business major was staring at her, or more like glancing at her every time Anna would look away. Finally Anna raised her foot up, placing it in the seat of an adjacent chair and pretended to retie her sneaker.

"Go ahead." Anna said, still messing with her shoestring. She finally looked up. The girl's eyes were obviously locked on Anna's now visible panties. She quickly looked away.

"So go ahead." Anna said again. She put her foot back on the floor.

"Go ahead and what?" The girl asked.

"Ask me." Anna said.

"Ask what? I don't understand you." The girl replied.

"Fine." Anna said. She continued to set there ignoring the girl.

"Want me to tie my shoe again?" Anna asked.

The girl looked flustered. "I didn't believe what they were saying about you, I didn't." She said. "But now, I do."

"Good." Anna said. "Personal growth."

"What?" She said. 

But just then the conversation ended as Amanda Avery opened her office door. "Please come in, Anna."

Amanda stood at her door until Anna was inside and she pushed it closed. "The Chancellor could not make our meeting. He always manages to have a conflict whenever there is something very important or controversial to deal with." Amanda set down at her desk and Anna took a seat in front.

Amanda looked at her. "I think maybe this is both."

Anna shrugged her shoulders. 

"Anna, this could very likely get you expelled." Amanda said.

With that, Anna's personality changed. Her confidence was back. She was once again her sassy self. "Miss Avery, my father is a partner in Chase, Becher and Ivanhoe. You know, the law firm?" She looked at Amanda. "He assures me there is nothing in the university by-laws or regulations that addresses consensual sex on campus property." She waited.

"Yes, well that may be." Amanda started.

"We were in the privacy of our own room, our personal domain. Cassie's mother did not knock or announce her presence in any way. She also did not call in advance to advise us that she would be arriving." Anna said.

"Anna, I'm sorry but that ship has sailed. Everyone and I mean everyone from the board of governors on down are aware of what happened." Amanda said.

"Yes, I know and so does my Father." Anna said. "And it is because of Cassie's mother that this event has become so public. She went blabbing it everywhere because she was embarrassed that her little daughter likes to eat pussy."

"Anna, there's no need to be vulgar." Amanda said.

"Here's the facts, Miss Avery. Cassie's mother is going to be sued for damaging my reputation, fact one." Anna said. "If the university does not publish an official statement denouncing her conspiracy in this, they will likely be named as a co-defendant. Fact two." Anna said.

"Well, I suppose I can see your point but please understand." Amanda said. "This is way above my pay grade. It will have to be taken to the entire board."

Anna stood. She came forward, leaned down and rested her elbows on Amanda's desk. "Fact three." Anna was whispering now. "That young girl out there. The pretty one." Anna nodded toward the door for effect. "I think she would like nothing more than to crawl under your desk and show you just what an over-achiever she can be."

Anna turned and left, pulling the door closed behind her. She stopped beside the girl, still sitting at her desk. She leaned down. "She really was eating my pussy when her mom came in our room." She kissed the girl's cheek. "I have a DVD of her doing me and my roommate." Anna stood up and looked at her. "If you want to watch it, come by my room sometime."

The girl was speechless. The pencil in her hand was shaking. As Anna left the office, she heard Amanda's voice on the intercom asking the girl to come in to her office. 
