 She was tense. This wasn't going to work unless she relaxed a little more. She was kneeling on the bed, twisting her wedding ring around on her finger.

He was no help either. He stood by the side of the bed, stroking her arm. She was nearly vibrating with tension. I caught myself before I sighed audibly. Straight girls can be so uptight.

I crawled up the bed towards her. I mirrored her pose, kneeling up opposite her. She looked at me and then darted her eyes away. Christ on a cracker this was going to be harder than I thought.

I took her hands in mine. She tried to still her flinch. "Okay," I said, "I'll make you a promise." She said nothing but her eyes met mine. "I won't touch you without warning you. I'll talk you through everything and you don't have to do anything. If you don't like something just tell me and I'll stop. You can handle that, right?"

She paused, looked at her husband and nodded. "Good girl," I whispered. I looked at him and gave a subtle tilt of my head. He smiled slightly and settled himself in the plush chair near the head of the bed.

"Why don't you face your hubby?" I asked her. God, anything to get her to calm down. She shifted, following my suggestion. "I don't want to block his view of you. I'm going to slide behind you." I settled behind her. She was still strung tight. For long seconds I didn't touch her, just sat and contemplated my strategy.

"Are you ticklish?" She look over her shoulder at me, confused by the question. I smiled gently. "I want to see if you're ticklish. I'm going to rub the back of my fingers along your ribs." I guided her arm up, resting her hand on my shoulder. Gently, I slid my fingers up her ribs. She shivered. "You're beautiful," I whispered, "can I kiss you?" She hesitated, nodded. I tilted her head, nuzzled her throat. She inhaled sharply and I knew I had her. I used one finger on her chin to turn her towards me. I kissed her slowly, gently, softly. I pulled back a little and smiled at her. "I think he's enjoying watching you." Her gaze snapped to her husband. He was laid back in the chair, already hard, watching her reactions. She smiled shyly.

"I want to know if you like it when I touch you. I want to cup your beautiful tits and see if those little nipples are hard." I reached around her body. He watched raptly as I teased him by unbuttoning her shirt slowly. She was watching him watching her. I slid the shirt off her shoulders. I kissed her shoulder. "I'm in the perfect spot to deal with this bra." I unhooked her, slowly slid the straps down her shoulders. I was doing a strip tease by proxy. His hands clenched the chair. I tossed her bra aside and slid my hands up slowly to cup her breasts. I kissed her shoulder again. I rubbed her nipples between my fingers, rolling them gently. "Your nipples are pretty hard for a straight girl," I teased her gently.

"Let him get a good look at you, pretty girl." I guided her until she was sitting on the edge of the bed. "Your wife needs a little help getting those pants off," I told him with a little grin.

He smirked and slid forward, kneeling in front of her. I held her in my arms as she leaned back so she could lift her hips as he slid her jeans away. He went to touch her and I playfully slapped his hand away. "Not yet, lover boy." He smiled bigger and settled back into the chair. 

She was naked, sitting on the edge of the bed. I laid her back in my arms again. I smiled down at her. "I want to taste those pretty nipples." I arched her up and lowered my head. I licked her nipple gently and then took it in my mouth. My hand was stroking the heavy curve of her breast as I drew her nipple in deeper, applied a little more pressure. She was splayed out over my lap and I took advantage of her position to move my mouth to her other nipple. She made a soft sound, not quite a moan. 

"Let him see you, beautiful." I lifted her up until she was sitting on the edge of the bed again. I lifted her hair and whispered in her ear. "Open your knees, pretty, just a bit." I stroked her knee. "I want to feel your soft skin. I'm going to slide my hand up your thigh." Her breath caught as my hand slid along the satin of her leg. 

"Are you wet, pretty girl?" I asked the question softly but I saw the lust that lit his eyes. He had heard. "I'm going to find out if you're wet for me," I murmured quietly. "I'm going to slide my fingers into your pussy and you won't be able to fib." I slid my hand up, I stroked her pussy lips with my fingertips. She gasped and her hips lifted towards my hand. I kept my touch light, barely stroking her. "Is your little clit hard?" She said nothing. "Well, if you don't tell me I guess I'll just have to find out for myself." I parted her pussy with my fingers and gently rubbed my thumb over her clit. She gave a small cry and her hips rose.

I kissed the side of her throat. "Open your legs wider, sweet thing." She followed my instructions and I rewarded her by dipping my fingers into her pussy again. I stroked her slowly. I looked over her shoulder and smiled at him while I played with his wife's pussy. His hand dropped to his cock as he watched me seduce his wife.

"I need to taste you," I whispered quietly. I moved out from behind her. "Lay back, baby." She hesitated. I smiled at her. "I'll tell you what. This is the only part where I'll ask for your help. Let me know if you like what I'm doing. All you have to do is make a little noise, just a little something to encourage me along. And, if you don't like what I'm doing, just go quiet and I'll stop. Okay?"

After a second, she let herself fall back onto th bed. "Brave girl. Good job. Just make some noise while I'm down here eating your pussy." I took her pussy in one long swipe of my tongue. She moaned. I thought I heard him make a sound of pain. But I was too busy.

It had been a long time since I had eaten a woman out. I had forgotten what it was like to hold a woman's thighs open as she struggled to stay still. I used my thumbs to spread her pussy open and found her clit with my tongue. I licked gently and she gave a little cry. I sucked her clit into my mouth and ever so softly I sucked it. The sound she made was almost a scream. I smiled and dove my tongue back into her slit. She was writhing, moaning, enjoying every flicker of my tongue.

I lifted my head from my treat. "I think your hubby is feeling left out. How about if you make him feel included? I bet he'd like it if you took his cock in your mouth." She nodded, ready to agree to anything. Quickly, he knelt by her head. She turned without any further prompting and opened her mouth. He slid in and I timed the thrust of my tongue into her pussy with the slide of his cock. She screamed around his cock. He threw his head back. "Yeah, baby," he ground out.

I looked up at her. "I'm going to suck that hot clit into my mouth and I'm going to fuck your slick pussy with my fingers." It was the only warning I was willing to give her. I slid my fingers in, rotated, searching...I crooked my fingers and found the soft spot inside her. I sucked her clit into my mouth and rubbed her g spot. Her scream was muffled by the cock in her mouth. He was hard, sweating, thrusting shallowly against her lips.

"Will you come for me, pretty girl? I want to feel your pussy clench around my fingers." She moaned, her hips rotated against my fingers, thrust herself onto my hand. I flickered my tongue rapidly over her clit and began to thrust with a little more speed. Her hips began to rise with every thrust. She was moaning on his cock. He held her head between his hands and fought to keep from sinking his cock all the way down her throat. 

I picked up my pace, fucking her faster and harder. She took it beautifully. "Come for me, beautiful." I dove back into her pussy and licked her clit faster. Her hips rose as her back arched harshly. She screamed and I felt her taste sharpen as she came against under my tongue.

I was viciously aroused. Wetter than her, and the bundle of nerves under my clit throbbed almost painfully. Without a word, he slid off the bed. He laid me out so I was bent over the bed, my face buried in the comforter. I felt his cock poised at the entrance of my cunt and I knew what was coming.

He slid home in one swift stroke. I gave a very unladylike grunt. His cock was stretching me and it felt fanfuckingtastic. He began to thrust roughly and every slam of his cock rocked me forward on the bed. She leaned forward and kissed me. I was so surprised that his next thrust drew another cry out of me. The only sound in the room was the slap of his flesh against mine and my less than delicate grunts.

She gave a smile full of mischief and wriggled onto the bed. That was the only warning I got before she grabbed my hair and pulled me down to her pussy again. He was thrusting me forward into her cunt. I licked her desperately, feeling my orgasm tightening. He grabbed my hips and pulled me back into every forward thrust of his heavy cock. Her hand was tangled in my hair holding my tongue to her clit. Her eyes were wide open, watching me lick her, watching him fuck me with deep, hard thrusts.

Finally, I could take no more. I screamed into her pussy as my cunt tightened on his cock. My cunt rippled, spasmed and clamped down on his cock. He groaned as his thrusts became more erratic as he rode his own orgasm inside my pussy. She arched her hips, grinding her clit against my mouth. I sucked her hard and she again came with a cry.

He collapsed over me. I made no attempt to raise my head from between her thighs. I was satisfied, replete. I began to doze off, her pussy inches from my mouth and his cock still inside me. So tired...

***if you enjoyed this story, your rating is kindly appreciated***