 "Mother, I know you're--" Geneva could hear Addy's plaintive tones a full twenty feet down the hallway as she pushed the wire frame with the wedding dress on it towards the dressing room. "Yes, but--" She sounded miserable, desperate, put-upon, and in general, like a bride on her wedding day. "I know you don't--" Geneva smiled a tiny smile, making sure to wipe it off her face before entering the room. Addy was right where Geneva wanted her, and the wonderful thing about it all was that Geneva didn't have to do a thing. Geneva never had to work to make sure the bride was stressed out and miserable. In fact, her entire profession rested on doing the exact opposite, and yet the reaction when she walked into the room was always--

"Oh, thank God!" Addy said as she saw Geneva walk in with the wedding gown. She promptly blushed, the red spreading past her cheeks all the way up into her forehead. "Sorry, Mother," she said into her cell phone. "I didn't mean to swear, I just--" Geneva gave her a tiny wave, and got an exhausted, pleading look in reply. "Geneva's here, Mother, I have to go. No, I really have to. We're putting on my wedding dress. Just--Mother, just try to get along with him, all right? I have to go now. Yes, I love you too. Bye." Addy flipped the phone shut.

"Best part of the next few hours?" Geneva said in a conspiratorial whisper. "No pockets on this thing. Which means you'll be leaving your cell phone in the dressing room." Addy let out a little giggle, and Geneva joined in.

"Right now, I just want to drop the stupid thing down a well," Addy said. Geneva marveled at her self-control. Many women would have substituted the phrase 'mother-fucking' for 'stupid' under these same conditions, but even under the stress of pre-wedding jitters, Addy kept her language clean. Not that Geneva had expected anything else, really. She'd gotten to know Addy really well over the last fifteen months, as the two of them planned Addy's wedding to Wilbur Mycroft with all the meticulous organization of D-Day, and Addy was exactly the kind of client Geneva loved. The kind that she'd gotten a reputation with, really. A nice, sweet, innocent girl who wanted nothing more than a church wedding. In fact, Addy had gotten Geneva's card in church, from another one of Geneva's clients who couldn't stop raving about how well Geneva understood what girls like them wanted in a wedding.

Geneva closed and locked the door. She definitely understood what girls like Addy wanted, and she'd been looking forward to this day just as much as Addy had, if not necessarily for the same reason. "Well, girlfriend," she said, putting a little sass in her tone, "aren't you going to try it on?"

Addy slipped out of her clothes, looking just a little vulnerable as she stood there in her underwear. "I can't believe it, Geneva," she said as she stared at the dress. "It's really happening, it's all really..." Tears filled her eyes. "It's so beautiful, it looks just like I always dreamed it would..."

Geneva carefully removed the dress from the model. "White as the driven snow," she said. Her skin seemed even darker against the white silk. "Come over here and try it on for size."

Addy blushed again as she walked over to Geneva and began putting on the dress. Geneva noticed the way the blush spread all over the younger girl's body, but was careful not to stare. She'd waited fifteen months for this day; she wasn't about to wreck it at the last minute with an obvious ogle. "Thanks for..." Addy stammered out. "I mean, I know that girls...I mean, I know it's okay not to wear white nowadays, but I just wanted everyone to know that I..."

"That you waited," Geneva said, smiling warmly. She hadn't even needed to ask if Addy 'deserved' to wear white on her wedding day. It had been obvious from the moment she'd laid eyes on the girl. Never had sex, never masturbated--hell, Geneva would be willing to lay odds that when Wilbur took his clothes off tonight, Addy wouldn't even recognize his dick. Not that Geneva had asked. She'd been very careful to avoid bringing up sex. She'd wanted to make sure to build up Addy's trust in her absolutely, and make sure that the other girl trusted her implicitly. She was only going to abuse that trust once, but it was going to be a doozy, and Geneva needed all the help she could get.

She zipped Addy up, and the other girl spun around in a fairy-tale princess pirouette. "How do I look?" she said, beaming.

"Wilbur won't believe his eyes," Geneva said.

Addy stopped mid-twirl and turned to face her. "You really think he'll like it?" she said, the nervousness suddenly back in her voice. She turned to the mirror, giving herself a quick look. "I mean, I'm sure he will, but I just want everything to be, y'know, perfect. Absolutely perfect." She let out a deep sigh. "I've never been more nervous about anything in my life, Gen."

Geneva smiled. "Well, we both know how to take care of that, don't we, honey?" She beckoned Addy over to the chair. "You'll need to stay standing up, because we don't want to wrinkle that pretty dress, but I think we've done this enough times that you can relax while you're upright, don't you?"

Addy looked almost pathetically grateful as she nodded. "Good girl," Geneva said as she sat down in the chair, reached up, and pressed her fingers to Addy's temples. Almost immediately, Addy's eyelids fluttered and closed, and an explosive sigh escaped her lips. "Very good, good girl," Geneva said. "Let's just go back there together, back to that soft, warm place that you love so very, very much. You know the way so well, good girl, and you're so happy to be there with me."

Addy nodded very gently, a dreamy smile on her face. Really, it wasn't hard for Geneva to addict her to this experience, not when she had fifteen months as Addy's wedding planner. Everyone always talked about how Geneva had a way of keeping her clients calm no matter what (mainly because Geneva wasn't above leaving a few suggestions in their minds to do exactly that), and given that just about every day brought forth a new crisis, Addy went from being uncertain to practically begging for trance within the space of a few days.

And now, she was so deeply conditioned that just a touch sent her into trance. "Now, good girl, let's just relax completely, here in this wonderful place, just you and I together. I want you to think about how happy you are, and how nice the wedding will be..."

"Mom..." Addy whispered, her calm disturbed only slightly by the thought of the potential disruption to the wedding. Awake, she'd have been absolutely freaking out, but Geneva knew that the trance wrapped her worries up in hypnotic bliss, keeping them from overwhelming her. No wonder the girl had stopped trying to fight Geneva's control. This was better than anything the CIA could come up with for a brainwashing technique. All they really needed to do was put terrorists to work planning a wedding for a few weeks, and they'd be willing to do anything to relieve the stress.

"I know, honey," Geneva said soothingly. "I'll make sure your mom and your uncle don't even lay eyes on each other until you're safely away on your honeymoon, I promise." Geneva felt the tension leave Addy's body just a little bit more as the cause of the cell phone conversation was removed as a source of stress. Which just left... "You're a little worried about your honeymoon, aren't you, Addy?"

"uh-huh," Addy said, her body sagging just a little onto Geneva's hands as she sank deeper. "Don't know what to do...to make Wilbur happy..." Just the act of confessing her secret fear seemed to relax Addy even further, send her even deeper down into hypnosis.

"I know, honey," Geneva said, layering even more sweetness into her voice. "You've never felt what it's like to make love before, have you?"

Addy shook her head slightly. "That's okay, good girl," Geneva said. "That's part of my job as your wedding planner, Addy. I'm going to help prepare you for tonight. You want me to help you, don't you, Addy?" The younger girl nodded slightly. If she'd been thinking critically, she'd have asked exactly how Geneva was going to help her, and probably been more than a little offended at the mere mention of the topic of the wedding night, no matter how delicately broached. But Addy wasn't thinking at all at the moment, critically or otherwise. She was deep in trance, she trusted Geneva implicitly, and if she was really a twenty-two year old virgin, she probably had enough repressed libido to fuel an orgy right now. There was no way her conscious mind was going to be interfering with this.

"Very good, good girl," Geneva said. "I'm going to show you that there's nothing to be worried about, Addy. There's nothing at all to be scared about, good girl, because it's going to feel very good to make love." She took one hand off of Addy's temple, sliding it down the white silk. "See how good it feels to be touched, Addy? You've always known it feels good, but you've never imagined just how wonderful it can feel before now."

Geneva slid her fingers along the decorative lacework of the gown, feeling for the hidden seam. It had taken quite a bit of cunning design work to put in a pocket near the crotch that Geneva could tear without it being visible at all, but the dressmaker had been very motivated. And Geneva had been diligent in rewarding her for it. With a sharp ripping sound, Geneva's fingers tore through the seam to press against Addy's flesh.

"And now, Addy, you're going to feel just how wonderful it feels, just how much bliss is waiting for you tonight." She worked her fingers into Addy's panties, hidden from view but perfectly captured in Geneva's memory from those few moments when the girl stood there, naked and blushing before Geneva's eyes. And now she was standing there, eyes closed, letting out tiny little gasps as Geneva worked her fingers into that tight little pussy, and she looked so much hotter dressed in the wedding gown than she ever could have naked.

"That's right, good girl," Geneva said, feeling slick wetness over her fingers, "just give into that feeling, let go and give into those sensations, feels so good, so very very good..." Addy was moaning now, bucking against Geneva's hand as Geneva rubbed her thumb against Addy's clit, and Geneva smiled at the way the innocent girl's pussy clenched around her fingers in mindless need. Wilbur might take Addy's virginity tonight, but Geneva would always remember that Addy's first orgasm came from a lesbian tryst in the church on their wedding day. Even if Addy didn't.

Geneva drank the whole thing in with her eyes, memorizing the expression of mindless rapture on Addy's face as she rode Geneva's hand deeper into pleasure, deeper into trance. Addy would never have a conscious memory of the moment, of course, but Geneva was always a little surprised at just how many of her old clients bumped into her, had a few drinks with her, and blurted out that they'd had such sexy dreams of her for so very, very long...Geneva wondered, as she fingered Addy's tight pussy, what Addy would dream of tonight.

Addy's moans turned into one long, insistent sigh of delight, and Geneva felt Addy's juices run down her hand as the girl came hard on her fingers. She spasmed around Geneva's hand for long moments, milking out every second of her first orgasm, before Geneva whispered, "That's right. That's my good girl, so relaxed and feeling so very, very good now, such a good girl, such a happy girl...and you know, Addy, that the important part of making love is all about making the other person feel as good as you, don't you?"

Addy probably didn't even know the first thing about making love, but she nodded nonetheless, her mind drinking in everything Geneva told her as she drifted in trance. "That's the most important thing, Addy," Geneva said. "You have to please your lover, Addy. You have to."

"Have to..." Addy husked out, her voice still quivering with bliss.

"And I made you feel that good, Addy, didn't I?"

"Yes..." Geneva knew that Addy would never even think about touching another woman if she was awake, that she'd probably fire Geneva on the spot if she knew that her wedding planner was a lesbian. But right here, right now, deeply hypnotized and behind a closed and locked door, Addy wasn't going to mind one little bit that she was being asked--no, not asked. Addy wasn't going to mind that she was being commanded to have sex with another woman.

"So now it's time to make me feel good, Addy," Geneva said. "Just go ahead, get down on your knees, and use your tongue to make me feel as good as I made you feel, good girl."

Addy nodded vacantly, dropping to her knees and slipping her head under the hem of Geneva's dress. The floor was clean, of course, but all the same, the act would leave a tiny little bit of dust on the dress.

That was what Geneva lived for, the moment that made it all worth while. All the play-acting, all the wholesome act, all fifteen months of having to be straighter than straight and all the care she'd taken in...oh, yesss...in getting Addy's trust. All worth it for this moment, right here, when...ofuck...when sweet, wholesome little Addy tongued her out until she came, when Addy stood up at the altar with a smudge on that virginal white--not even noticeable unless you were looking for it, too faint for most people to see but Geneva would know it was there. It was worth it, Geneva thought as she pressed her pussy into Addy's face as she came, for the moment when Wilbur kissed the bride and just for a moment wondered what that taste was, never knowing that it was her.

Geneva came a second time, but she knew it was only the beginning. She'd be jilling off to this memory for months.

*****

"I now pronounce you man and wife. What God has united, let no man put asunder."

Kathy sniffled. She couldn't help it, she always cried at weddings. Especially this one, it was just so beautiful. Addy looked so radiant up there with Wilbur, positively glowing. She'd never seen a bride who looked so happy. "This is just how I want my wedding to look," she said softly to Marc. She half-expected a flinch, but her boyfriend seemed to be just as affected by the spirit of the day as she was.

The woman sitting on the other side of her seemed to have overheard the comment. "I might be able to help you out there," she said. "I'm Addy's wedding planner. I helped arrange all this. When your boyfriend pops the question, feel free to give me a call."

Kathy smiled at her. "I suppose you get a lot of business at weddings."

Geneva grinned. "I get as much as I can handle," she said. "Just when it seems like things are tapering off, along comes the wedding day, and...BAM! I get busy all over again." Geneva saw from the look on Kathy's face that she'd definitely be getting busy with her someday soon.

THE END