 The box was in the closet. I knew it was there. I was home when it was delivered. It was bigger than I thought it would be and now it was sitting in the bottom of the closet. I couldn't get my mind off of it. Amanda never actually said what was in the box but I knew. I was there when she ordered it. Hell I even had to be measured for it.

Yesterday I had walked in when Amanda and her friend Andrea were looking at the website for the bridal shop where Andrea worked. 

"Lacy go stand in the middle of the room," Amanda had sharply said. I guessed she was going to have Andrea take my measurements. 

"I'm never going to wear that thing - there's no point in any of this." I told her when I saw what she was looking at. I really didn't want to do it.

"You may change your mind," was all she said.  I sighed and went to the middle of the room. Andrea moved a small stool over in front of me.  

"Strip, Lacy." I didn't bother to argue. No point - I would do it eventually, and it was no big deal anyway since Andrea had seen me in the locker room plenty of times. I slowly removed all my clothes and stood up on the stool.

Amanda had printed the measurement instructions from the web site and she handed the paper to Andrea. Andrea giggled when she saw the diagram and then she looked at Amanda. Amanda nodded and Andrea took her tape out of her bag and walked over toward me.

"I need you over here to write down these measurements as I call them out to you," Andrea said. Amanda grabbed a pen and an old magazine to write on and walked over. 

Even standing on the stool Amanda was taller than me. She laughed a little as her finger traced my slit. I was wet and turned on and she knew it. 

"Don't get too turned on or you'll ruin Andrea's tape," she smirked. I knew I would be going crazy in a few minutes. I hadn't cum in almost two weeks. 

"I don't see why you're doing this. I haven't been bad or anything." I was whining and Andrea giggled a little at me. The humiliation was turning me on even more. 

"I know you haven't sweetie, but you could if you wanted to and that bothers me." Amanda was rubbing the small of my back, lightly in circles. She knows I love that. 

Andrea started measuring me and Amanda stopped rubbing my back to write them down. The really embarrassing part she had saved for last: the measurement up through my crotch and butt crack. She had to pull that tape up between the lips of my pussy and tight through the crack of my butt. I think she was pulling harder then she needed to.

"Well you definitely owe me a new tape Amanda." She tossed the really wet tape to Amanda who sidestepped it and it landed on the ground. I was blushing heavily. I had almost cum with that last measurement. I looked down and my whole crotch area was wet, I could see it glistening on my thighs. 

Andrea stepped over close to me and looked me in the eye. "I could probably make you come right there on that stool. Would you get in trouble if I did?" I nodded my head. I wasn't sure if she was allowed to touch me like that but I knew if she did, she was right, I would come pretty quick. 

"When was the last time you got off Lacy?" Andrea was smiling really big while she questioned me. 

"Two weeks ago." I was whining again and pressing my thighs together like I had to pee. I looked over at Amanda hoping she would stop Andrea from teasing me but she was just smiling and watching.

"You know, Amanda said you would compensate me for taking your measurements. I am not a lesbian but you do have the prettiest little tongue." She reached up and ran her finger along my lips. I opened my mouth and licked her finger a little. 

"Wow you are a horny little thing aren't you!" Andrea was laughing and so was Amanda. I was standing up on display in front of two fully clothed girls being teased to distraction. I actually wanted to lick her. I knew she would tell people I did it. I think at that time I wanted her too. This was too good a story for her to keep quiet. 

"Or for my payment I could just make you cum." She rubbed her finger from her other hand lightly across my pussy. I felt my knees weaken and I moaned while still licking her other finger. Then she pulled her hands away and started undoing her Jeans. When she dropped them to the floor and stepped out of them. She reached for her panties Amanda stopped her. 

"Let her do it. It is so sexy. She just uses her teeth." Amanda pushed me off the stool and I dropped straight down in front of Andrea. Her panties were already wet. I went for the waist band with my teeth, but Amanda slapped my butt hard.

"Just the crotch Lacy nothing else." 

Now this is really hard; I have to crane my neck around to get a hold of them. Andrea's panties were really wet. I was having my doubts about her not being a lesbian. I could hear her moan and gasp. I was having to really dig in to get to them. Her taste was strong and she had a lot of hair. The smell was intoxicating. 

Then she came, screaming and holding on to my shoulders. I hadn't even removed her panties yet! Amanda reached over and kept her from collapsing completely. She gently moved her over on the couch. She was in a post orgasmic zone watching Amanda straddle her head on the couch. 

I could her Andrea whine a little then I saw Amanda start playing with her hair and I knew she was licking Amanda's pussy. I wanted to giggle at her but I just sat and watched as she pleasured Amanda. When I saw Amanda flinch a little I knew she was cumming. 

"Oh Andrea that was great. Don't stop! Keep licking me while I come down." Amanda was still playing with her hair. Then I heard the best part. "Now this will be our little secret. So resist the urge to gossip." 

With that Amanda got up off the couch and walked over to me. "Lacy, if Andrea wants to be real nice to you she can lick you to orgasm. That is the only chance you are going to get to cum until the belt arrives."

I had already forgotten about the chastity belt that Andrea was here measuring me for. 

Amanda left the room and I just looked pleadingly at Andrea. She smiled kind of sweetly and nodded her head but she didn't move. So I walked over to her and took the same position as Amanda, even twirling her hair the way Amanda did. 

I felt her tongue start licking me and I knew I was going to cum quickly and cum hard. And in this position I was going to make a mess of her. I didn't warn her though, I just let it happen. I felt my orgasm tear through me. Sure enough, it was a hard climax and I felt the wetness gush out of me. Two weeks of being on the edge most of the time will do that to a girl! When I finally finished getting off I started to move but she grabbed my thighs and held me in place. She just kept licking me.

"I am not allowed to cum again," I protested, "I'll get into a lot of trouble if you don't stop!" She didn't stop. I knew this was her way of making sure she was not alone. She was trying to get me into trouble. I let her keep going. I looked over my shoulder and Amanda was standing there watching. Andrea was nibbling now. I think she could tell I was resisting her attempt to make me cum. Man for a straight girl she knew all the tricks.

"Please stop Andrea I don't want to get in trouble." She still didn't stop and now she was being really aggressive. Almost biting me and then licking really deeply. I looked back at Amanda. She was still smiling and I knew she was waiting for me to cum again. I could have pulled away but that's not how I am. This is her thing and I guess since Andrea had just licked her first two girls to orgasm in the space of five minutes then I could let her get me into trouble.

Besides, if Amanda wasn't going to stop me, maybe I wouldn't get punished. At least that was what I was telling myself at the time, although I knew better. She had let other things go and then punished me later; this would be no different. Then I felt the last trick. 

I looked back at Andrea just as I felt her tongue make contact with my asshole. I came like crazy. I was looking at Amanda the whole time she was just shaking her head and smiling. I rode out the orgasm and pulled away slowly.

Amanda grabbed me by the arm and pushed me toward the shower. "Get in there and get cleaned up! Nobody told you two orgasms," she growled. I walked slowly into the bathroom. I could hear her talking to Andrea. I could tell by the sound of her voice she was smiling. 

"You knew you were getting her in trouble I heard her tell you so what do you think I should do with you?" I never heard the answer I just turned on the shower and stood under it. All the tension from the prior two weeks was released from my body and the hot water felt so good. I just stood there with it running over my head.

So now here I was two weeks later, just as frustrated as I was that day. At Amanda's insistence, I've been spending every night with my arms cuffed to the belt around my waist to prevent any "incidents". Amanda says I proved that I could not control myself. I tried to explain that I could and reminded her that I tried to stop Andrea. I did not want to wear that belt. I tried crying and begging, vowing that I would never let it happen again, but nothing worked. 

Amanda wasn't buying it. I think she just wanted me in that belt. I still had not agreed to put it on. She said she would never make me do it, that I had to do it of my own free will. I would have to do it to please her. That thing scared the hell out of me. I had seen the pictures on the internet. All the models looked so happy. They were just models and I already knew how frustrating it was not to be allowed to cum. 

If I put that belt on I knew it would be a long time before she would take it off. She liked me on edge too much. Even when I cried myself to sleep now she wouldn't allow me release. She would lay beside me and comfort me but still she made me wait. 

I kept thinking that this could be the thing that drove us apart. I was willing not to cum for as long as I possibly could for her. It excited her and made her happy. Right now, it came down to the fact that it was my choice: I could make myself cum anytime I wanted and I knew it.  Amanda knew it too and it made her angry. 

I had given up trying to talk to her about it and settled into a deep sulk.

"I wish you would just play with yourself and get it over with!" she yelled, "that's what you want to do, isn't it!" 

"No, that is not what I want," I sighed. I wanted her to do it like she always did: I wanted her to let me, to make me. That was degrading but at least it was her masturbating me. I just went to bed and cried myself to sleep with my hands cuffed to my side. 

The next morning, Amanda started in again, "I really don't see the difference Lacy. You'll let me lock you up so you can't touch yourself. This is practically the same thing!" I just looked at her. Our whole relationship seemed to revolve around that damn box in the bottom of the closet. 

"I know, but you always let me out in the morning." I was trying to be honest with her but it just seemed to make her angrier.

"So you're afraid I won't let you out?" she asked. "You don't really trust me at all, do you?"

I did trust her but this was huge I needed more time without all this pressure.

"I trust you of course I do that is a horrible thing to say." She wanted too much. 

"I wouldn't lock you away forever Lacy. I just need you to do this for me." she pleaded. "I need to know you would do anything to please me." She sounded so sincere. I really did want to do anything to please her. 

"I am so scared of that thing in there. It's so horrid. I will not be going without because I love you anymore, I will be doing it because you are forcing me too." I was trying to get her to relent.

"I want it Lacy, that should be enough. I need you to make a decision yes or no. I need it soon." She was not giving in. it was high stakes poker we were playing with our relationship. I knew in my heart if I never got to cum again I wanted to be with her. 

"Can we try it for a week? Then if I don't like it you can let me out." I was trying to reason with her. 

"My god Lacy, quit trying to put stipulations on it. I want it. Are you going to do it or not? I am leaving. I have a lunch thing with my mother. When I get back I want you in it. Kneeling right here on the floor with the key envelope in your mouth or throw the damn thing out and I will never ask you about it again." She turned and left. I was crying because I knew this was it.

I went into the bedroom and pulled the box out. I would not be able to even cum before I put it on and it has already been two weeks. I loved Amanda I knew that. I started wondering how mean she would actually be. I opened the box. There were a lot of smaller boxes and one big plastic bag. I opened the small boxes and put the stuff out on the bed: there were dildos and butt plugs of various sizes that appeared to mount inside the belt. 

I pulled the bag out. On the outside someone had written in marker 'Custom fit for Lacy'. I almost threw the thing down when I saw that. But I kept going and opened the bag. And there it was. It looked horrible. All metal and grotesque like something out of a nightmare. There was also an envelope with my name written on it. It was Amanda's hand writing. I read the note.....

"I knew you would change your mind. I know all that you have been through lately but I really love you so much. I know I've made you miserable but I really need this. I can't even explain why. I need to know I can be as cruel as I want and you will always be there and if I have these keys I know you will be." 

I looked in the envelope and saw the keys.

"I already checked everything it all works perfectly. There is another shield that goes over the crotch that will make it impossible for you or anyone else to touch you. I have that with me. I will put it in place when I get home but for now just put the belt on and lock it. 

"Lacy I love you! I won't say I won't be cruel because we would both know I'd be lying and this is about trust. Once the belt is locked around your waist you can masturbate all you want but not until. All my love Amanda"

I lifted the belt again. It was pretty heavy but I knew that was not going to be the most uncomfortable part. I thought I should at least try it. The note made it sound like I had made my decision but I didn't think I had. I pulled it on like a pair panties. It pushed together around my waist. It was very tight. I heard the click and just the waist was locked in place. I started to panic but then I remembered I still had the key. I slipped it into the built in lock, turned it and the waist instantly snapped loose.

I locked it back again and reached down through my legs where the crotch part was dangling. I pulled it up to the front and pushed it into place and heard the click as it locked. I felt a rush. I had actually done it. It was uncomfortable but I knew I could wear it. Cheerleading would definitely be a problem in it, but that was mostly over for the year anyway. Besides, I was sure she would let me out for that anyway it since it was as important to her as it was to me.

I reached down between my legs. I felt my own pussy which was something I had not done I a while. I had already shaved that morning. The belt was metal but it was lined with a plastic, not soft, but not cold like the metal. There were two bars around my pussy lips pushing them together. Then they continued around the back. In the front at the top was a locking device and I assumed that was where the plate Amanda had talked about mounted. 

I really wanted to masturbate now but I knew if I did, I had made my decision. I would make myself leave it on until Amanda got home. I went to the kitchen and made myself a bowl of cereal. I stayed in the belt as kind of a test run. It was not so bad. I was extremely wet. 

As I ate I just kept imagining the things Amanda would make me do once I had given myself to her completely. She would have total control over my sex. I wouldn't have any choice. Could I do this, even for her? My clit was swollen and begging for attention. I was going to go crazy if I didn't stop thinking about this. 

Would she make me lick her and anyone else she wanted me to for weeks without release. I was getting so hot I was going to cum just thinking about it. I found I was trying to rub myself against the chair and that was difficult, even without the shield in place. 

What about months? Could I go months without getting off? I couldn't even imagine it. I saw myself begging and crying and Amanda merely smiling at me. I would make her promises and do anything she asked for release. I knew I would. 

If she would have agreed to a week I would already be masturbating now but she would not compromise. I let my hand drift down to my pussy. I was soaking the chair. My juices were in a puddle right below my pussy. I touched them with my finger. I was very excited about this whole thing, that much I knew for sure. 

I wanted this to be humiliating; I don't know why, I just did, so I went into my room and got the video camera. I walked out into the kitchen. I placed the camera on the counter top and pointed it at the chair and turned it on. I spoke to it like I was talking to Amanda. 

"I made my decision I haven't masturbated yet I wanted you to watch me do it." Then I walked over and I pointed at the chair. "That big wet spot is just from me thinking about it. I can't believe how excited it makes me. Now I am going to seal the deal so to speak." 

I knelt down in front of the chair and started licking up my own juices. It was humiliating but exciting at the same time. My fingers were at my pussy now and my butt was pointed at the camera. I just started fingering myself, hard and fast while I licked the puddle in the chair. I came really quickly but I didn't stop until the chair was clean. 

My face was slick with my juices and my finger buried in my pussy when I heard Amanda come in. I was cumming again and I knew I was in the wrong place. I jumped and ran to kneel in the middle of the floor but my knees were too weak and I fell to the cold tile. 

"I was going to do it Amanda, I promise I was going to." I was crying now. I felt her hand on my back. 

"That's ok sweetie, this is even better." I was just staring at her and she was staring at the video camera. "I guess this is for me?" I nodded my head and she kissed me.

"Come with me" I got up now and followed her to the bedroom. 

"Lay down on the bed - I want to finish this so I can cum too." She reached into her purse and pulled out the shield then she leaned down and licked me. She was acting crazy, licking me. "Tell me when you get ready to cum." I knew now what she intended to do: she wanted me ready to cum when she locked me away. I could feel the tears running down my face. 

"Now Amanda, now" I was on the verge. She stopped I had my eyes closed but I heard her lock the last piece in place. Then she stood up and grabbed the envelope with the keys in it. 

"I believe these belong to me?" She looked at me and I nodded. She had a huge smile on her face. "Now I want to see this little film you made me! Come here and lick me while I watch." Her demeanor was different now that she owned me and I knew it. I was safely locked away and she could use me however she wanted too. I got up and followed her to the living room.

"Kneel here while I hook this up to the TV." She pointed at the floor in front of the couch. I knelt down and waited. She hooked the camera up to the big screen and returned to the couch. She stood in front of me and lifted her skirt. I reached up and pulled her panties down her legs and off. I laid them on the floor next to me. 

"Lick the crotch Lacy." This was new she was going to degrade me all the time now, I could tell. I pulled the panties up to my mouth and licked the crotch. I kept licking them while she sat down on the couch. 
