 "Do you need a ride?"

"Yes, please," the pretty 18-year-old redhead answered, approaching the car. Her eyes then widened as she recognized the vehicle's driver. "Mrs. Wolfe, is that you?"

"Jennie Russo! Whatever are you doing outside in weather like this?"

"My car broke down about a half a mile back. I was trying to walk to a gas station when it started raining."

"Well, get in. You poor thing."

The rain was coming down in torrents as Nadine Wolfe quickly moved a couple of items from the front seat of her Mercury Sable to make room for the younger girl to enter on the passenger side. Pretty redhead Jennie Russo then slipped into the seat beside her.

"Thank you so much for stopping, Mrs. Wolfe."

"Don't think anything of it. You poor girl! You're completely soaked!"

The older woman's gaze took in her younger passenger. Even wet and bedraggled, Jennie Russo remained a stunningly beautiful young girl. Her slightly watered down make-up didn't detract anything from her gorgeous face with those bright green eyes, cute pointed nose, and small pouty mouth. Also, the delicious curves of her lovely body were actually enhanced by the now wet dress clinging tightly to her soft and decidedly feminine figure.

"Where were you heading?"

"Oh... you know... I was just out driving," the girl stammered in response. "Doing, like... errands... and, uh... and I was then driving over to my grandmother's house."

"OK, Jennie," Nadine said, patting the girl reassuringly on her bare knee, "You don't have to tell me if you don't want to. I'm not your mother."

The younger girl looked at the older woman with uncertainty in her eyes. Nadine Wolfe owned and operated the exclusive health club where Jennie worked out twice a week. She liked and respected the older woman in whose car she now sat.

Two years earlier Nadine had been Jennie's high school gym teacher. Back then the older woman had cultivated a kind of "biker girl" persona that all of the girls at school thought was really cool. Then she quit and soon after opened an upscale female fitness center in town that catered mostly to older, single, professional women. 

But Nadine also desired pretty, younger women among her clientele, and had invited Jennie and a girlfriend to apply for membership to her Women's Health Fitness Center at greatly reduced rates. The facility was state-of-the-art, and both girls were overjoyed to be members. Nadine had even given them both free spandex exercise outfits which were skimpy but very fashionable, showing off their figures in a way that made both girls feel very sexy and desireable. Jennie also received some free personal training sessions from the older woman to help her develop a toned and trim body much like Nadine herself possessed. 

"Mrs. Wolfe, if I tell you the truth will you promise not to tell anyone else?"

"That depends, Jennie. What did you do, kill somebody?"

She said this in a humorous tone, and then again laid her hand on the younger girl's knee, softly caressing it before continuing.

"You're not pregnant, are you?"

"No, ma'am, nothing like that!"

"Then tell me. What were you doing when you're car broke down?"

"Mrs. Wolfe, I was driving over to Cedar City for a job interview."

"A job interview? Nothing wrong with that!"

"No, you don't understand. I've got a job interview at a club called Wild Willy's. It's what they call a 'gentlemen's club.' I'm trying to get a job there as a dancer."

"I see..."

"It pays really well, Mrs. Wolfe. Marcie Baker, remember her? She joined your club back when I did! Well, she works at Wild Willy's and she told me that she sometimes makes over $500 in a single night!"

"I know all about Marcie Baker, Jennie. She's an airhead. And I helped her get that job. I made the phone call to Jack Gurelic that got her in the door."

"I didn't know that!"

"Oh yeah. I knew Marcie would make an excellent stripper the first time I saw her undressing in the locker room at the club. She's a natural. And that's really all she's got the brains for."

"But she makes really good money! And I think I could, too."

"Yes, I'm sure you could, Jennie." The older woman responded, glancing down at the wet body of her pretty passenger. Jennie noticed the woman's gaze travelling to the cleavage of her wet blouse and she blushed. Nadine continued.

"But there's no way you're going to make it over to Cedar City today. Not soaking wet and with car trouble. Why, you're shivering. I'm taking you to my house so you can dry off." She squeezed the girl's knee. "And then we can talk some more, OK?"

"Yes, ma'am."

Nadine turned into the driveway of her two-story condo a few seconds later and the two women then raced, laughing through the rain to her front door, the older woman fumbling momentarily with her keys before opening it. They both couldn't help giggling as it closed behind them.

"Let's get you out of these wet clothes, young lady," the older woman then said, ushering the girl into a bedroom on the first floor. "You get undressed and I'll get you a towel so that you can take a hot shower and warm up."

"But what about my appointment?"

"Don't worry about that. I'll call that club and explain to them why you've been delayed. I'm sure they'll re-schedule for a pretty girl like yourself."

Again Jennie blushed. "Thank you, Mrs. Wolfe. Thanks for being so nice... and for not judging me."

"Of course, Jennie," the older woman responded. "I was your age once. Now into the bedroom there and off with those wet clothes. And here's a bath towel to dry yourself off."

While Jennie Russo stripped out of her wet dress, Nadine Wolfe went into the kitchen and telephoned Wild Willy's. She asked for the manager.

"Hi, Jack! This is Nadine Wolfe. So, you're thinking of hiring one of my girls without going through me, are you?"

Nadine Wolfe was on good terms with Jack Gurelic, manager of Wild Willy's Gentlemen's Club in Cedar City. A lot of the younger women who worked out at Nadine's health club had gorgeous bodies, and the older woman knew a considerable amount about each and what their interests were. Three of his dancers worked out regularly at Nadine's Female Fitness Center. Jack had even invited Nadine over for occasional private showings at his club once he realized what a valuable contact she was for sending fresh young female talent his way. Nadine, he was pleased to discovered, also happened to share his interest in watching pretty young women removing their clothes and dance nude.

But Jennie Russo was not he kind of girl Nadine thought of as a potential stripper. While the older woman may have enjoyed ogling naked girls like Marcie Baker, she preferred young women more innocent and feminine like Jennie. The thought of the pretty redhead taking off her clothes excited her, but not in front of strange men at a club like Wild Willy's. She wanted Jennie for herself. And now she had her, at least for a night.

After telephoning the club Nadine then called a nearby garage to see about taking care of Jennie's car. From the bathroom she then became aware of the sounds of the shower along with the radio playing a tune from a rock station. 

"How's it going in here?" she asked, slowly opening the bathroom door. She smiled at the lovely sight that greeted her. There, through the steamy glass shower door stood pretty Jennie Russo, facing the other way, totally nude and sensually moving her body as she sang along with the song on the radio, her lovely fair-skinned and well proportioned ass wiggling with the music as the hot shower spray streamed over her.

Jennie obviously hadn't heard Nadine enter the bathroom. The older woman bit her lower lip as she quickly stripped off her own clothes. Her own body was taut and firm from daily workouts, and her skin a healthy-looking brown from regular use of the club's tanning bed. She pulled her hair up into a bun and then opened the glass shower door.

Jennie turned, looking startled as she watched the older woman enter the small enclosed shower space with her.

"Mrs. Wolfe?"

"I'm sorry Jennie, but you don't mind me joining you, do you? I'm so used to showering with other women at the club. Of course there's more room there, but it's still the same thing. You don't mind, do you?"

"No... I guess not."

Nadine smiled as her eyes took in the younger girl's fully exposed body, wet and lathered, and now very close to her own. Jennie's milk white skin was silky, smooth and flawless; the girl's breasts not large but perfectly formed, and the curves of her hips and long slender legs smooth, lean, and enticing to behold. Nadine licked her lips as she devoured this enchanting vision of female pulchritude. Jennie, meanwhile, blushed deeply as she turned away to avoid the older woman's bold gaze.

"I'm sorry," Nadine said, before breaking into a laugh. "I didn't mean to stare. I've embarassed you."

Jennie glanced back at her before turning away again.

Nadine continued to laugh as she put her arms around the girl.

"You are so funny, Jennie! Here you are, telling me moments ago about your plans to begin a career as a stripper, but you're too embarrassed for me, another woman, to see you nude, taking a shower!"

Jennie blushed in response, her pretty face then breaking into a shy smile.

"It's just that... I've never actually showered like this... you know, with another woman."

"Well, no matter... there's a first time for everything," Nadine said nonchalantly. "Here, let me help you. Turn around and I'll wash your back."

The girl started to say something, thought better of it, and instead meekly obeyed.

"You've got a really nice body," Nadine said, gently running her hands over the girl's wet back and down along her sides, before then continuing to caress the girl's skin further down to her curvy rear end, giving it a gentle squeeze while doing so. "You'll have no shortage of customers paying to see this gorgeous butt at Wild Willy's." She then fondled and patted it affectionately.

Jennie froze as the older woman's hands travelled so freely over her body, but she said nothing. Nadine took full advantage of this silence to stand close behind her and continue soaping her smooth silky skin, at one point fondling the soft curves of the girl's breasts, cupping her hands briefly over them before eventually moving them onto where they were caressing Jennie's flat stomach, her firm bottom (again), and finishing up by gliding the length of her long slender legs. But she wasn't finished yet. 

"Bend over a little bit at the waist, Jennie," she murmured. "Move your legs apart some... yeah, that's right... just like that."

Her hands gripped the girl's gorgeous ass only for a moment, one hand then sliding under the lovely butt to fondle the base of the girl's vagina. Nadine's middle finger then found the entrance. Jennie immediately turned around, her eyes widening in shock. 

"Oops, sorry about that, dear," the older woman said before the girl could utter anything. "I was just trying to rinse away some soap from down there." 

Nadine continued touching the girl as though nothing had happened, half massaging the girl's thighs as she gently turned her around again to face the wall. The older woman couldn't resist playfully smacking the girl's pretty behind as she then announced, "There, you're all clean! Now it's MY turn. C'mon, you wash MY back now!"

As she said this she turned around and the younger girl dutifully obeyed, taking the bar of soap and lathered up the older woman's back, butt, and legs.

"Mmmmm... that feels nice... good girl," Nadine purred as Jennie's hands ran the length of her body. "Not too bad for a forty-five year old woman, is it?"

"No, ma'am, not at all," Jennie responded truthfully. "You're beautiful... and in such good shape!"

"What do you think of my ass, Jennie?"

The girl blushed. "It's... it's really nice... and so firm."

"I'm glad you like it. I like yours, too."

She turned around and smiled at the girl, and then leaned in to give her a quick kiss. Again Jennie blushed deeply. Nadine smiled.

Seconds later both women were all rinsed off, and Nadine turned off the water. Together they exited the shower and began to dry themselves and eachother off.

"Wait one second, Jennie," the older woman said, reaching into the drawer by the sink. "Hold still."

Nadine then sprayed the younger girl's still nude body with a dose of her expensive Chantilly perfume. 

"What's that for?"

"I just thought you'd like it. It's sixty-five bucks a bottle, you know!"

"Mmmm... smells wonderful," the girl said. "Thank you!"

"I think pretty girls should always smell as pretty as they look. Anyway... now I want you to come into the kitchen with me and I'll warm us both up with some hot chocolate. You'd like that, wouldn't you? Here's a nice terry cloth robe you can wear."

Within minutes the two women were sitting together at Nadine's kitchen table discussing Jennie's job situation while sipping hot chocolate.

"Yum! This is delicious, Mrs. Wolfe. What's in it?"

"It's just regular instant hot chocolate. Oh, I did add just a dash of a special chocolate liqueur I keep in my cupboard. And also some Bailey's to give it a little kick. I prefer it that way."

"Mmmmm... it's delicious."

"Here... let me get you another one."

"Yes, ma'am, thank you."

Nadine smiled as she watched the girl drink a second and then a third cup. Jennie was definitely feeling warmer and certainly less shy than she had been earlier. The alcohol in the drinks were achieving their desired effect. 

"So, Jennie darling, what makes you think you'd make a good stripper?" 

"Marcie Baker told me there's really nothing to it. She even showed me. It's all just about moving your body provocatively."

"Really?" Nadine smiled. "Is that all? Well... why don't you show me? I'd really like to see."

Jennie stared at her.

"Show you?"

"C'mon, let's go into my living room. It's more comfortable in there."

With that, she took the girl's hand and led her into the small, cozy room with a small comfortable couch, a coffee table, and two plush chairs. 

"I want you to dance for me, Jennie."

The younger girl stared back at her dumbly, before asking, "Here? Right now?"

"Why not? No time like the present." Nadine moved the coffeee table a few feet away and then hit a button on her stereo and on came a soft, romantic number from one of her r-&-b CD's. "Here, give me your robe," she said, slowly pulling it down off of the girl's shoulders, leaving the younger girl standing totally nude before her. Nadine then seated herself on the couch to enjoy the show.

"Give me a lap dance, Jennie."

"Really, Mrs. Wolfe, I'm not sure I can do this right now."

"Sure you can. Just pretend I'm a customer at Wild Willy's who has just paid you forty dollars for a private show."

The girl continued to stand there, looking embarrassed.

"OK, Jennie, sit down. Let me show you how it's done."

At this, the older woman arose and removed her own robe, exposing her own lovely nude body to the younger girl's eyes. She then gently pushed Jennie down onto the couch. Nadine started sensually swaying her body to the music. 

She danced slowly for the younger girl, who sat watching her, transfixed. Nadine looked deeply into the girl's eyes almost like a cobra looking at its next meal. She licked her lips and smiled.

Jennie was surprised to feel herself getting turned on. Here was an older woman, twice her own age, giving her a very erotic lap dance and she was feeling strangely excited to view it so up close and personal.

At one point Nadine turned around and bent over slightly, showing off her lovely bottom. Jennie almost wanted to reach out and touch the firm flesh of the older woman's shapely ass. Nadine looked over her shoulder and smiled as she took in the younger girl's mesmerized gaze.

Soon after that the song slowly faded out, and the impromptu lap dance came to an end. Jennie's eyes shined appreciatively. Nadine then knelt down in front of the younger girl.

"Did you like it?"

"It was beautiful!"

"Now... will you dance for me?"

Jennie knew she was blushing as she arose and faced the older woman. Nadine's hands gently caressed her shoulders as she looked into the younger girl's shining eyes.

"Pretend I'm your lover, Jennie," Nadine whispered. "Dance for me." She then sat down onto the couch. 

The next song on the CD started playing and Jennie started moving her body to the slow, rythmic music, just as Nadine had done moments before. The older woman's eyes staring into her own excited her, and she began moving sensuously back and forth. Nadine slowly ran her tongue across her lower lip. Jennie smiled, feeling totally turned on. She danced as provocatively as she could, and discovered that more and more of it was coming naturally to her. She moved slightly closer to the older woman. Nadine reached out an arm and then slowly ran the back of her hand up the younger girl's leg, starting at her knee, then slowly up her thighs to her hip, then moved her fingers and palm up the girl's side, enjoying the feel of her smooth, silky skin.

"So very beautiful," she murmured.

Jennie then slowly turned around, continuing her dance. She bent forward slightly at the waist, offering a better view of her gorgeous ass for the older woman's delighted inspection, and was at once rewarded by the feel of Nadine's hands as they then rested themselves on her gorgeous swaying behind. The older woman breathlessly squeezed and fondled the younger girl's soft ass cheeks, then continued running her hands down the back of her slender legs, and then slowly back up again where they came to rest on the girl's beautiful backside. She then grabbed her by the hips.

Nadine gently pulled the dancing girl back toward her. Jennie felt the older woman's hot breath on her ass only a split second before she felt the woman's wet lips connect on the gorgeous round globes of her shapely butt. She felt Nadine kiss her left ass cheek once and then immediately follow it up by kissing her twice on her right ass cheek. The older woman's tongue ran across the silky skin before adding yet another wet kiss to the girl's bare bum. 

Jennie was somewhat shocked but not unpleased by what had just happened. She looked over her shoulder to see the older woman's face bury itself into her lovely butt. She was no longer dancing, but continued to arch her back, positioning herself invitingly for the older woman's intimate and lustful attentions.

"Mrs. Wolfe?" she asked breathlessly. "What... are you doing to me?"

The older woman's eyes glanced up briefly, looking into Jennie's while her face remained glued to the younger woman's ass, her hands holding firmly onto the front of the younger girl's thighs. She looked up before speaking.

"I'm enjoying your body, Jennie. I'm kissing your lovely bottom. Why do you ask?"

"It's just that... well... this just doesn't seem right somehow."

"No, perhaps it isn't," Nadine said, leering at the girl. "But you're in my house now and what I say goes, got it?"

SMACK! 

She slapped the girl on her ass for emphasis.

"Ouch! Hey, that hurt!"

"It was meant to hurt."

Jennie then giggled. Nadine slapped her on the ass again. 

SMACK! 

The younger girl expressed shocked, but she also kept her ass arched invitingly out, as if expecting another. But Nadine then stood up, as if angry, turning the nude younger girl around to face her. She leaned in for a kiss. Jennie struggled, pulling away.

"Oh? So you're going to be a BAD girl, are you?"

Jennie laughed, continuing to try to pull free, but the older woman was definitely the stronger of the two and she easily held her younger captive tight. She pulled the girl close to her and then kissed her full on the lips. Jennie feigned resistance, but only momentarily. Her body slowly melted under Nadine's passionate embrace, her lips suddenly welcoming those of the more dominant older woman.
