 My first attempt at a lesbian story and whilst I may have enjoyed my imagination and putting it in to words, I hope I am not too far from reality for you ladies out there? Feed back and comments would be useful as it interesting to try and write from a female perspective. Especially as I feel there is more to come from Penny and Sue?

*

Penny and Sue had been friends for as long as either could remember, they had gone to the same junior, senior schools and Sixth Form College, they had joined the Brownies and Girl Guides together, holidayed together with each other's parents, in other words they were inseparable.

They had both breezed through their final A-Levels exams with the results giving them the chance to go to the University of their choice. They had both chosen Canterbury and been accepted for the three-year teacher training course.

Given their chosen career they had made the decision to defer university for a year and broaden their horizons by taking a year off to travel and had planned six months in Europe and six months in Asia. Finally, now they were ready to embark on the serious side of life with three years of hard work and a future of shaping young minds.

Waving goodbye to both sets of parents they set off to Canterbury in "Maurice" their old but reliable Morris Minor Traveller. The car had been restored to its original glory by the girls' fathers and was a gift to both of them for passing their exams.

Both Penny and Sue were intelligent and very bright girls when it came to academia, however, so far as the ways of the world and relationships was concerned they were a little off the pace. The year taken travelling had certainly helped give them some street savvy, however, so far as relationships were concerned as both girls approached the age of twenty they were still virgins, not only that, neither had even had a boyfriend!

Both girls were attractive and quite capable of turning heads, Penny was marginally taller than Sue at about 5'7" probably less than an inch taller in truth. Penny had light auburn hair a light complexion with startling emerald green eyes, reflecting her Irish heritage, Sue on the other hand had an Italian mother and with very dark almost black hair an olive skinned complexion and dark hazel eyes.

Both Sue and Penny could be described as curvaceous, Penny a 36C and Sue a 34DD with bodies that most red blooded men would crave for, long legs and curves in all the right places, it was true that each probably carried maybe 4-5lbs more than they should, but in truth it suited them just fine.

Neither of them ever appeared to have any time for boys, preferring their own company and friendship. They were by no means social outcasts enjoying plenty of time with friends of both sexes. However, their lack of boyfriends did propagate several whispers and rumours whilst they were at college, speculating about their sexuality, which neither girl was either aware of or bothered about.

Normally the first year at university would be spent in halls, with a requirement for the students to move into their own accommodation for the next two years. Penny and Sue however, decided to sort their accommodation out straight away and had landed themselves a small three-bedroom house to rent, a bedroom each and a study room. They had planned to arrive in Canterbury a week before the start of the year in order that they could be well settled in before the start of term.

"Are you nervous at all?" Sue asked Penny, "About properly leaving home for the first time I mean."

"No, I don't think so, we're both perfectly capable and the last year was good preparation, I think it's going to be fun and I know we'll enjoy our University work."

"Yeah, you're right, we'll have a ball and who knows what life's got in store for us?"

Sue sighed quietly thinking to herself. "I wonder if finally, you'll understand just how much I love you and want you?"

There was a good reason why Sue had never had a boyfriend and it was probably the only secret she had ever kept between her and Penny. She had known for a while now that she was really only interested in the female form and in particular Penny's. She didn't find boys repulsive or anything like that, infact, she could fully understand their attraction to her girlfriends as some were gorgeous specimens but they didn't make her panties wet not like Penny's beautiful body did.

Sue loved Penny like a sister, however, there had been a shift in her feelings that she now realised meant she had started to crave her more as a lover than a friend. Her dilemma was that there was no way on earth that she would jeopardise her lifelong friendship with Penny by trying anything inappropriate with her, however the daily cravings she felt for her were becoming unbearable.

"Hey Suze, you seem very deep in thought, everything alright?"

"Yeah I'm fine." Sue smiled back at Penny. "Just pondering life and all that!"

"So what shall we do later? We could just unpack and then pop down to the pub for drink and a bite to eat or get a takeaway and enjoy our first night in our new home together?"

"I think I fancy staying in tonight, maybe we can make a bit of a night of it tomorrow when we're a bit more settled?"

"Works for me, we were so lucky to have found this house what with the parade of shops just down the road, there's the chippy that does Pizzas as well, an Indian and a Chinese takeaway, and the pub is only five minutes' walk."

"You're right, and with the university campus just five minutes in the car or ten minutes on the bus we couldn't be better placed."

After two more hours driving they pulled up outside their house and began to unpack the car, which nearly sighed with relief as they relieved it of its burden of a couple of young ladies' clothes and paraphernalia.

Sue and Penny each had a decent sized double bedroom and once all the cases and boxes were out of the car and in the right room they proceeded to unpack. After a few hours the girls were feeling fairly settled, knowing that it was just the details of home making left before the house would be a home.

"I think there are few more things I'd like to bring from home but hey it's feeling kind of like home already." Penny said as she walked into the kitchen, Sue was finishing putting some final things away in one of the cupboards. "Come here girlfriend and give me a hug, this is the first day of the rest of our lives."

They hugged, giggled and danced around the kitchen enjoying the moment.

"I don't know about you but I'm feeling distinctly grubby and second hand at the moment so it's a shower for me, then we can get some food and chill for the rest of the evening." Sue said leaving the kitchen and making her way upstairs.

"Me too, don't use all the hot water and I'll follow you in." Penny shouted after her.

"Or you could ask me to join you." Penny whispered under her breath.

Unaware of Sue's feelings for her, Penny agonised over her own desires which had also been brewing for while. The last year had been particularly difficult as they had been sharing rooms and sometimes even beds! Penny had spent many agonising hours fantasising about her friend

Penny went upstairs and stopping outside the bathroom heard the shower running and sighed as she imagined the hot water flowing over Sue's soft curvaceous body and then of her being naked and stepping in behind Sue, taking the soap from her and washing her all over. Penny felt a familiar tingle in her panties as her pussy warmed and moistened as she fantasised about her best friend. She lingered by the bathroom door until hearing the water stop she stepped away, Sue called out to her through the door that she was done and the shower was all hers.

Penny rushed to her room and started to undress ready for her shower, when she was in just her panties she was unable to resist slipping her hand intothem and felt herself getting more and more wet. Touching her hard, sensitive clitoris she couldn't help thinking "Would it really be so wrong? I love Sue, I know she loves me! Yes, but only as a friend and that's the difference." Penny continued to argue with herself until she was shocked out of her thoughts as Sue knocked on her door.

"Hurry up slow coach I'm starving now!"

"Okay Suze, I'll be done in no time." Penny replied, slowly taking her hand out of her panties, sliding them off and wrapping a towel around her she set off for the bathroom. Any other time and she would have quietly played with herself in the shower bringing herself to a crushing orgasm and relieving the tension until the next time her mind wandered to her friend whom she desperately wanted to make love to.

Wearing a white T-Shirt and flouncy gypsy style mini skirt Penny came downstairs asking Sue as she came "So what do you fancy for eats then?"

"Your sopping wet pussy." Sue thought to herself as she got a quick flash of Penny's panties. "Ah, I think I'm in the mood for a pizza and some garlic bread, what about you?"

"Yeah that sounds good to me, let's see if we can get a bottle of bubbly as well to celebrate our arrival at university and the start of a new life?"

Back at the house the girls settled down at each end of the sofa with their pizza and champagne.

"How classy are we? Pizza and champagne!" Sue giggled.

"Yeah we're all class, 3rd class!" Penny laughed raising her glass to Sue.

The girls ate their pizza and toasted themselves several times with the champagne as they chatted and planned their future.

"God I'm stuffed, we should have shared a pizza instead of having one each, I can't breathe!" Sue said undoing the top button of her shorts.

"Ha, the joys of an elastic waste band!" Penny sniggered pulling her skirt's elasticated waist band.

With the pizza finished Sue and Penny continued chatting and drinking. "I wonder what the next year has in store for us?" Penny mused.

"Fun fun fun! Lot's of new friends, a little hard work and maybe some love!"

"Do you think we'll find love? We've not even had a boyfriend yet! Have you ever wondered why that is Sue? Why have we never had a relationship? We're nearly twenty for heaven's sake!"

"I don't really know Penny, I can't say I've ever given it much thought, although we did get asked out by some good looking guys didn't we? Somehow I never felt it was right or I was ready for a boyfriend, maybe I'm just a slow starter?"

"Well that would make two of us then wouldn't it? But what do you mean that it never felt right?" Penny Asked.

"Because it's you I want, you silly cow!!" Sue Screamed to herself.

"Oh I don't know some of them were really nice guys but at the time I just didn't want to go out with them, what about you, why did you never go out with anyone?"

"I guess much the same as you, it just never felt right at the time and I was always concentrating on school and college, you know, GCSEs and A-Levels etc, getting to university was so important and we were always doing things together anyway. Like you I can't say that I really gave it much thought." Penny replied whilst inwardly thinking "Oh you lying cow you've not stopped thinking about making love to your best friend for ages now!"

It was Sue who broke the silence. "You know there were rumours about us at college don't you?"

"Rumours? What rumours? I never heard anything!"

"The were rumours that we were more than just friends that we didn't go out with boys because we were already an item and boys didn't stand a chance with us."

"Jesus! Really? But we WERE just friends we never did anything like that, EVER!"

"I know I know! Anyway you know what college is like for rumours and gossip, most of it's never true."

"Yeah you're right." Penny said calming down a little.

As Penny sat there contemplating the conversation, she noticed that since Sue had undone the button on her shorts the zip had undone itself and the top of her pink panties were on show making her think about how she would love to ease the shorts down Sue's legs and bury her face in the warmth of her pussy.

"How did that make you feel when you found out people thought we were an item?" Penny asked Sue.

"It didn't really bother me to be honest, it was never going to change the way I felt about you, you're my best friend, my soul mate and I'll always love you as such, no matter what anybody thinks."

"Do you ever masturbate?"

"Bloody hell Penny where did that come from?"

"You know as close as we are as friends I'm just realising that we have never really talked about sex, boys, girls anything really! That's not very natural is it?" Penny pondered out loud.

"Well? Do you? Do you ever play with yourself until you cum?"

Sue squirmed a little and could feel herself colouring up, as well as experiencing the feeling of a swarm of butterflies being let loose in her stomach.

"You know you're right we have never spoken seriously about sex or our feelings about someone we may fancy. Why is that do you think? Are we frigid or something?"

Sue knew she wasn't frigid at all, my god how many times had she cum just thinking about Penny as she lay in bed, her fingers buried deep in her pussy? How many times had she stared at her over the last year as she undressed getting ready for bed or a shower, she'd even held her panties to her face a couple of times while they were still warm after penny had left on the floor and gone for a shower, just to feel close to her.

"No, I'm not completely sure, but I don't think we're frigid. But that's not answering my question is it Sue, do you ever touch yourself and bring yourself off?"

"If I answer your question, will you do the same for me?" Sue asked, her pussy getting a very familiar warm feeling that she would really like to do something about.

"Well yeah of course I will, I'm feeling that it's time for us to be talking about these sorts of things particularly as we are living together now.

I mean why Sue? We've just spent a whole year living in each others pockets and not once did the subject get raised! That can't be normal, can it?"

"Yeah I'm sure you're right most young girls do, but for some reason we never have." Sue replied, but she knew the reason was that she avoided conversations like this like the plague knowing she could never reveal what her true feelings for Penny were.

"In answer to your question, yes I do touch myself and I believe I have had an orgasm on more than one occasion, the first one caught me by surprise though as I had no real idea of what was happening other than it felt amazing and my pussy was so wet my panties were soaked!"

"So does that mean you kept your panties on while you were touching yourself?

"I suppose yeah, I generally always like to start rubbing myself through my panties until they get damp and then I finish off putting my hand down the front and fingering my wet pussy and playing with my clitty. My little button always gets so hard and really sensitive. I think I kinda like the sensation of damp panties, not sure if that's normal or not? Sue said in a curious tone.

Penny was now sitting with her feet up on the sofa with her legs crossed, this was pushing the hem of her already short her skirt well up her thighs giving Sue a fine view of the front of Penny's white panties.

"Was that a damp patch she could see?" Sue wondered.

"I often play with my boobs at the same time, I love feeling my nipples all hard and tingly."

"So there you are, I've bared my soul and revealed my darkest personal secrets, what about you, what do you get up to when you are alone with your thoughts and your and fantasies, do you touch and play with your pussy?"

Listening to Sue describe playing with herself had made Penny so hot and horny she could sense her pussy was dripping and likely moistening her panties, to the point where her instinct to touch herself and check for a damp patch nearly got the better of her! One touch on her hard oh so sensitive button, would have put her over the edge!

The sexual tension in the air had had constricted her throat and so now trying to appear calm Penny cleared her throat and replied. "I do yes, I admit that probably over the last two or three years I have started to quite regularly masturbate. That's a horribly cold word isn't it? Masturbate! I don't really think about masturbating, I just call it my "Pussy Time." Is that weird?" Penny asked.

"No, not at all, I kinda like that, Pussy Time, yeah, I really do, if we're feeling a bit horny we can simply say we're off to our room for some Pussy Time." Sue Giggled.

Chuckling Penny continued. "Sometimes I enjoy my Pussy Time in the shower, feeling warm and soapy often makes me a bit horny. Other times I start fully dressed and watch myself in the mirror stripping down slowly to my underwear, where, like you I enjoy feeling myself through my panties until I'm wet and ready at which point I'll either take them off or sometimes other times I leave them on and pretend like someone else's hand is slipping down in to them to play with my pussy."

Penny had a distant look on her face now and appeared to be a little in a world of her own.

With a sigh and a dreamy smile Penny carried on talking. "My first orgasm caught me unawares as well, I was standing in front of the mirror watching myself with one hand down my panties and the other massaging my breast, my nipples stick out like organ stops when I'm turned on and are so sensitive there are times I think I could bring myself off just playing with them! Anyway as I was saying, I really wasn't ready for the intensity and heat of my orgasm as my pussy came alive and waves of pleasure swept over me. It was so intense that my legs buckled and I ended up on my knees panting like a dog, god it was amazing!"

Listening to this Sue was transfixed and was also feeling really hot, the temptation not to just rip her clothes off and thrust her hand in to her panties was unbearable as was the temptation to not to jump on Penny and devour her.

"Wow this is weird and so personal!" Penny said. "At least there's no doubt about our being frigid!" She continued with a nervous giggle.

By now both Sue and Penny were in a heightened state of arousal, each desperate to take advantage of the other with neither having the slightest idea of the others feelings. They say love is blind well for sure Sue and Penny proved it!

Penny knew that she was close to the point of losing control and would soon do something that might ruin her perfect friendship if she did not get away from Sue to the privacy of her own room and for her fingers to become her best friend.

"Hmm yeah we certainly broke some new ground there that's for sure." Sue said. Do you feel embarrassed at all talking like this?

"Strangely no I don't, I guess if I'd thought about it before then maybe I would have been, but we've never had any secrets between us so I guess this is just seems natural? Either that or it's the champagne talking!" Penny laughed draining her glass.

"Oh my god Sue! Did you ever... you know, while we were away?"

"Well yeah maybe a few times, only when I was alone or you were fast asleep." Sue mumbled. "What about you?"

"Same here I guess, I mean it's normal isn't it? To have desires that need looking after? It was always easier when you were snoring!" Penny giggled.

"You cheeky cow! I don't snore! I wonder what would have happened if either of us had caught the other in the middle of Pussy Time? I think I might have died of embarrassment, but probably not now we've had this chat, weird eh?" Sue said pensively. "Do you mind if I ask you something?"

"Yeah sure fire away."

"You said that when you leave your panties on and slip your hand down them, you are imagining someone else's hand, who are you thinking about?"

Penny's heart was beating like a steam hammer now as she knew where this question could lead if she were not careful!
