 Dominance is about being confident.

***

Jill was a woman who craved to submit. Not in an obscene way. She hated pain. She never wanted to be spanked. She especially didn't want her hair getting pulled.

What she wanted was simplicity. Do this. Do that. Good girl.

It was a craving she had, but it was more of a fantasy. Dom's are everywhere. They're not hard to find. Jill could have easily found one, but the idea of actually doing it in real life was ludicrous for the career business woman.

She traveled a lot for her work. She loved traveling. It was easy because she was a single woman. Each destination was a new adventure. Each business transaction was a new challenge. She loved challenging herself. It pleased her to make her bosses at the company happy.

Someday, she figured, good things will happen.

***

Room 5202

That was Jill's room. It was her second night in Los Angeles. Three more to go.

She was still wearing her casual business outfit after having a dinner meeting with clients. She looked through the window and just stared. Los Angeles was beautiful. Bright lights. Lively atmosphere. Youthful energy.

There was a knock on the door. She wasn't expecting anyone. 

Jill looked through the peephole and saw a woman standing there. She opened the door.

The woman was a striking beauty. Amazingly attractive. Those lips. The woman wore a bold red lipstick which contrasted her fair skin and long raven black hair. She wore a sleek dress which showcased her tall & toned figure. The look was almost hypnotic.

She carried a briefcase and a small purse.

"May I help you?" Jill asked.

"I'm Candice."

"Oh, well, nice to meet you Candice. Is there anything I can do for you?"

"Aren't you going to invite me in?" she asked with a sultry voice.

"I'm sorry?"

"This is room 5202, correct?"

"Do you work for the hotel?" Jill asked.

"No. I was told that a woman in this room requested my services. You seem to fit the general description of our usual clientele."

Jill was genuinely confused. "What description is that?"

"A career woman with a busy lifestyle, looking for an escape in her hotel room."

Jill was stunned by the gorgeous woman's borderline sexual innuendo. 

"I can assure you that I haven't asked anyone to come to my room."

"There's no need to be shy about what you want," Candice replied. "We're both adults here."

"I'm sorry. There must be some sort of miscommunication. Who exactly do you work for?"

Candice reached inside her purse and handed Jill a business card. The card was simple and plain. There was contact information and a company name with a logo:

High Heels, Red Lipstick Servicing women for over 20 years

"What is this?" Jill asked incredulously.

"What do you think it is?"

"I think there's been a mistake somewhere. I've never called this number. I've never even heard of this business. You must have been given the wrong hotel information."

Both women confirmed the name of the hotel along with the room number. It was the right location but Jill firmly denied making the call.

"My apologies for interrupting you," Candice said. "Have a good evening."

Candice turned to walk away and Jill's eyes immediately caught a glimpse of the woman's high heels.

"Wait," Jill said. "It's probably none of my business, but what services do you provide? Are you a saleswoman?"

"Not exactly."

"Then what were you expecting to do here?"

Candice raised an eyebrow. "I provide pleasure to successful women like yourself. But apparently there's been a mistake. Unless you want to reconsider?"

"Pleasure? Like a massage? Or a manicure? Is that what the briefcase is for?"

Candice flashed a faint smile. "A massage? Sure. But only for specific body parts. As for the briefcase, I don't think you want to know."

There was an awkward moment between the two women. 

"Well, I hope you find what you're looking for," Jill said.

"You too," Candice replied suggestively.

"What's that supposed to mean?"

Candice eyed the business women's body. "I think you know what I mean. I meet so many women on a regular basis that I can practically judge them at first glance."

"And you're judging me too?"

"I judge every woman I meet. Let me guess, you're single. Your job is the center of your universe. You travel from city to city whenever your boss commands, and you do it, kind of like a puppy. And you haven't been laid in forever. I figure that you're someone who reads erotic stories. You're a woman who loves to fantasize because your everyday life is so mundane."

Jill gave a slight huff. "Have a good night, miss."

"Was I wrong in my assessment?"

"I've had a long day. I need to get to bed."

"I understand. Sorry to bother you."

Candice walked down the hall towards the elevator. Jill watched the woman leave and she couldn't help but feel bad.

Getting sexually propositioned during a business trip was something Jill had become accustomed to. She was almost immune to it. But the propositions always came from men, whether it be sleazy men, or business men in suits. Never from a woman.

Jill stood in front of the window again. She was still holding the business card. High Heels, Red Lipstick. The card was plain white and there was a faint lipstick mark which made it look like it had been kissed. It was the first time Jill had ever heard of a lesbian service.

She returned her gaze to the outside street. Her room wasn't very high and she saw the people below. She looked down and noticed Candice standing on the street. Candice was typing on her phone.

There was an intrigue in Jill's mind. She wondered about Candice. She wondered exactly what type of business Candice was involved in. Candice seemed like an interesting person and Jill had nothing better to do that evening.

She grabbed the hotel keycard, put on her shoes, and she rushed to the elevator.

The elevator came quickly but the ride down was slow.

When the door finally opened, Jill walked quickly to the outside of the hotel and approached Candice, who was still texting.

"You again?" Candice asked, turning her attention towards Jill.

Jill took a second to catch her breath. "Yeah, I wanted to make sure everything was okay. I felt bad for turning you away."

"Everything is fine."

"Were you able to sort everything out?"

"I did," Candice replied. "Apparently, I went to the right place. Someone hired me on your behalf. It's somewhat common. I was supposed to be your gift, but you declined."

Jill looked around to make sure no one heard the embarrassing conversation.

"Are you sure it wasn't a prank?" Jill asked.

"Our clientele is strict and exclusive. Someone hired me for a reason. But you weren't interested."

"So where are you going now?"

"Home."

Jill stood awkwardly and mustered her courage. "Feel like joining me for a cup of coffee?"

It was another awkward moment and Candice raised her eyebrow suggestively. 

"Sure, why not?"

***

They sat in the cafe area of the nice hotel. Other people were there. Business people mostly. Jill and Candice drank their coffee. Candice was relaxed and calm, full of confidence, which Jill admired.

"What exactly do you do?" Jill asked. "I know you've told me, but I still can't wrap my mind around it."

"I help women achieve the pleasures they desire." 

"Like what?"

Candice took a casual sip of her drink. "Are you familiar with the concepts of dominance & submission? Bondage & discipline?"

"Vaguely."

"Well, when you figure it out, that's what I specialize in."

"Pardon my ignorance," Jill said. "But are you some sort of escort? You've mentioned that you were hired, and that, you do those things."

Candice pondered for a moment. "I don't like labels. I don't consider myself an escort and I'm certainly not a whore. I don't do this for the money. I already have a well paying day job." 

"What's your day job?"

"You wouldn't believe me. But it's a respectable white collar job. My night job is my real passion. I work for High Heels, Red Lipstick because it's a classy & elegant business. Everything is professional. Everything is carefully vetted."

"That's why you carry a suitcase, right?" Jill playfully replied.

Candice smiled, "Precisely."

"What's inside the suitcase anyway? I hope I'm not being too nosey. I'm just curious."

"Promise you won't make a scene if I show you?"

"Of course."

Candice placed the suitcase on the table and opened it slightly, just so Jill could have a peek inside. There was an assortment of things- adult things. Blindfolds, clamps, vibrating objects, and cuffs.

"My gosh," Jill gasped.

Candice closed the suitcase. "Now you know exactly what I do."

"I guess so."

"Why did you invite me to have coffee?" Candice asked. "Why did you even come down the stairs to look for me?"

Jill thought for a moment. "I don't know. I acted on impulse. I wanted to see if everything was okay."

"Do you find me attractive?"

"Let's not go there."

"Why not?" Candice asked. 

"I'm not looking for anything like that."

"So you're just looking for someone to have coffee with?"

"Yes," Jill replied sharply. 

Candice took another sip of the coffee. She opened her purse and wrote something on a business card. She pushed the card towards Jill, leaving it on the table. 

"There's my personal phone number. Give me a call if you're feeling adventurous."

With that said, Candice stood and walked away. Her heels made loud noises on the floor. 

***

Jill's favorite ice cream was vanilla with chocolate swirls in it.

She loved the contrast of flavors. She treated herself to a scoop of ice cream after another day of work. It was a simple indulgence. But the real indulgence on her mind was meeting with Candice again.

There was a magnetic quality to Candice which Jill couldn't shake out of her head. 

Two nights left for the Los Angeles trip. After that, she had no idea when she would return. Candice remained on her mind. So was Candice's side business, whatever it was. Jill still wasn't exactly sure what Candice did. 

With nothing to lose, Jill reached for her cell phone and gave Candice a call. It was around 7 pm. The phone rang a few times before there was an answer.

"Hello."

"Candice. Hi. It's Jill. We met yesterday night."

"I remember."

"Hi," Jill said awkwardly.

"Did you just call to say hi? You must have a lot of free time."

"Let's start again," Jill said clumsily. "I called because I'll be here for two more days. I was hoping we could meet again."

"Why?"

Jill sighed. "I'm sorry. This was a bad idea. Have a good night."

"Are you curious?" Candice asked before Jill could hang up.

"About what?"

"You tell me. You're the one who called. Are you curious about the lifestyle? Or maybe you're curious about women."

"I've never been with a woman," Jill replied. "And I've never experienced the whole submission thing."

"A fantasy?"

"Kind of."

"Now we're getting somewhere," Candice said with a slight playfulness. "Go on. Tell me more. You're not as boring as yesterday."

Jill thought for a moment. "Well, your lifestyle intrigues me. Not all of it though. I've never been into anything rough or degrading. But there are aspects which I find appealing."

"You strike me as a woman who wants to be treated gently. Played with in a loving way. Kind of like a kitten. Except you also want to be disciplined if needed."

"Something like that."

"Are you looking to set an appointment with me?"

"No," Jill replied instantly, almost in a snapping way. "It's a fantasy. Nothing more. I don't think I would enjoy it in real life."

"You're in the city for two more days right? Are you busy tonight?"

"No."

"I'll come visit you in an hour. Room 5202."

"What for?" Jill asked.

"You'll see."

Candice hung up the phone and Jill was left wondering whether the phone call was a mistake or not.

***

The hour couldn't have passed any slower.

Jill was used to nerves. She was used to waiting and being in the midst of important negotiations. She thrived on it. In was fun for her, in an intellectually stimulating way. But this was different. It was almost the same feeling she had when she lost her virginity. Butterflies in her stomach. Nervous energy. Deep breaths.

Butterflies. Nerves. Breaths. Repeat.

There was a knock on her door. She opened it. 

To Jill's surprise, Candice was dressed in a fairly plain appearance, without the bold red lipstick or high heels. Instead, Candice wore blue jeans and a loose white tshirt. Candice held a shoe box in her hands along with a small black handbag.

"Please, come in," Jill said.

Candice entered the hotel room. Her eyes surveyed the room and she noted that Jill kept everything in neat order. 

Jill closed the door and stood awkwardly- stiff as a board.

"Can I get you something to drink?" Jill asked.

"I'm fine," Candice replied. "I didn't come here for a drink."

Jill gulped. "Then why did you come here?"

"This is for you. A present."

Candice handed Jill the shoe box and the small handbag. Jill respectfully took the items and placed them on the bed. She opened the box to reveal a pair of sexy high heels. She picked up one of the heels and looked at it with an admiring gaze.

"Thank you," Jill said. "I certainly wasn't expecting a gift."

"Those heels are new. Designer brand from Italy. They've been sitting in my closet for the past month. They're worth over $400 dollars."

"Oh, my, I can't accept this. It's too much."

"Then why don't we make a trade?" Candice asked. "An honest fair trade. That way, you won't feel bad anymore."

"What kind of trade?"

"First, open the bag."

Jill opened the light handbag. Inside was a bold red lipstick. The kind that Candice had worn the day before.

"Why are you giving this to me?"

"Because I saw you admiring my lips yesterday. And my heels."

"What do you want in exchange?" Jill asked.

"They're free. But if you feel bad for taking expensive gifts, then I'd love to watch you wear them. The heels and the lipstick. Then we're even."

Jill was caught off guard. "I don't understand. How would that be an exchange? What do you get out of it?"

"It would make me happy to see you wear them. That's all."

"Why?"

"Because it excites me," Candice replied staunchly. "I love the idea of a straight laced business woman exploring her secret side. That's why I'm a domme."

There was an undeniable tension in the room. Jill stood there like a deer in headlights. Her eyes were open wide as she held the high heel and lipstick in her hands.

"I'll have to think about it."

"You won't be in L.A. for very long. So why think? Just do it. It'll be fun."

"Fine," Jill replied after some thought. "Why not? These heels are beautiful. And you were right, I was admiring your lipstick yesterday."

Candice winked. "Then let's get started."

The two women smiled at each other. It was a nervous smile from Jill, and a confident smile from Candice. 

Jill put the heel down on the bed and went to the mirror. She opened the top of the lipstick. She knew it wasn't new. It was used. It was a strangely erotic thought knowing that she would be wearing lipstick already used by Candice.

"Mind if I do the honors?" Candice asked.

"If you'd like."

Jill handed Candice the red lipstick. Candice then stood in front of Jill with the lipstick and prepared to apply it.

"Hold still," Candice said. "You have very pretty lips. There's a lot that can be done with your appearance."

Candice steadily applied the lipstick, and before long, Jill's lips had a beautiful coating of the cosmetic product. When it was done, Jill turned to the mirror for a look. The lipstick gave her face a different complexion. She didn't look as plain. She looked more exotic.

"What do you think?" Candice asked with a faint smile.

"This brings back a lot of memories," Jill said. "You know, playing with make-up. I used to do that with my sisters growing up."

"But now you look like a real woman."

Jill puckered her lips in the mirror. She couldn't believe the difference the lipstick had made to her appearance.

"It's a lovely shade of red," Jill said.

"I knew you'd like it. It matches your skin tone and hair color. Try wearing it next time you're doing business. See what happens."

Jill shook her head in a shy manner. "Oh no, I couldn't. I don't use much cosmetic products when I'm working. I don't want to give the wrong impression."

"Of what? A sexually aggressive woman?" Candice asked with an eyebrow raised.

"Something like that. I've always been afraid that I won't be taken seriously."

"That's where we differ," Candice replied. "When I'm at work for my day job, I dress almost like you. Casual business wear. But I'm not afraid to highlights my best features. Try it and see what happens."

"Care to tell me?"

"Men treat me a lot nicer. They all want to fuck me. Women too sometimes. You'd be surprised to learn how many bi-curious and lesbian women there are in the corporate world."

"I'm sure there are many," Jill replied uncomfortably.

"I know there are. I know it for a fact. For my night job, most of my clientele are business women. Everything from bankers to managers to board of directors. I've even had a female CEO."

"What was that like?"

"Unique," Candice replied. "She has the most beautiful home. I later met her during my day job, by sheer coincidence. She looked mortified when I walked into her office. The poor lady could barely look me in the eyes. But in the end, it worked out okay. She agreed to a nice deal for me and I made a lot of money from it. I still see her sometimes."

"Forgive my ignorance, but what exactly do you do? I'm only vaguely familiar with the term domme, just from what I see on tv."

Candice smiled, "Being a domme is about authority. Sexual authority. Mental authority. I tell women what to do. And they do it. I'm almost like a personal fitness trainer. If a client wants to get in shape, I tell them 'xyz,' and they do it to get the results they want. But my world is sex. A submissive client wants pleasure, and I give it to them by telling them what to do, and how to do it."

"Oh," Jill gasped.

"You see, many businesswomen, like yourself, live very stressful lives. Lives in which they make important decisions everyday. I provide an escape for that. An escape from everything. I show up with my high heels & red lipstick. Then we do whatever I'm in the mood for. Usually it involves the other woman licking my pussy until I receive a nice sparkling orgasm."

Jill's heartbeat rose. "That sounds like a provocative line of work."

"It is. I love it. So do my submissive clients."

"I'm sure."

"Anyway, enough about me," Candice replied. "Let's get back to you. Why don't you try on those heels now? I'm dying to see how they look on you."

"Okay."

Jill bent down to remove the pantyhose from her calves and feet. Then she reached for the high-heels which sat on her bed.

"That's it?" Candice asked.

"What do you mean?"

"Those heels are the official brand of High Heels, Red Lipstick. And the official way of wearing the heels & lipstick is to be naked."

Jill was stunned.

"What?"

"That's how it works behind closed doors," Candice replied. "High heels, red lipstick, nothing else. That's what makes our brand so sexy."

"I'm sorry, I didn't realize that I had to get naked. I can't."

Candice nodded. "That's perfectly understandable. I should have made myself more clear from the start."

"Wait," Jill said, thinking for a moment. "I'll do it."

Candice arched an eyebrow. "Are you sure? You don't have to."

"I want to. It's only fair, right?"

"Right. Take your time. I enjoy watching women undress."
