 Ashley took another big gulp of her rum breezer and glanced at Wanda. The brunette was smiling as she drove, but Ashley knew her well enough to see how nervous she was. Ashley laughed as she wondered what Wanda was nervous about; she wasn't the one who was going to have sex with a total stranger, for money.

In the back of Wanda's mustang Cheryl Ritigliano and Jessica Vernon sat on the edge of the small bench seat and drank heavily. The whole thing was surreal to Ashley, but she wasn't sure if that was because it was so strange or because of the drinks.

Ashley looked back out the windshield at the road flying by and wondered how she had gotten herself into this. She was a tall girl, with brown hair and eyes, a trim figure that made her look like a dancer and pale skin. Daughter of a blue blooded Virginia family, her parents had pulled a lot of strings to get her into the exclusive girl's college. She wondered what they would think if they ever found out just how wild the students were at Groton. 

Ashley wasn't even sure why she was here. An indifferent student, she found the regimented lifestyle hard to swallow and her already poor grades suffered. If it weren't for Wanda she would have probably dropped out already.

Wanda was a vivacious girl from New Jersey. Her father was a noted politician on the rise and his daughter's antics had already cost him politically when he shipped her off to Groton. Faced with banishment, she had totally gone wild, and had decided to join Chi Alpha Alpha, the most notorious sorority on campus. Determined to move up, she had convinced Ashley to join and this was to be her initiation.

Basically, to show her dedication to the sorority, she was going to let Wanda pimp her out at the truck stop over on the interstate. The money would go for drinks for the party they would throw for her joining. In truth, Ashley didn't give a damn about the sorority and didn't even particularly like any of the "sisters". In her opinion, the whole thing was just an excuse for them to get drunk, drugged up and laid without guilt. Some girls just needed peer pressure to let go. She was perfectly comfortable drinking by herself, didn't care for any of the drugs she had tried and was indifferent to getting laid. 

In fact, she was indifferent to just about everything lately. She felt adrift, with no anchors and life had become more of a chore than a joy. One of the few things she wasn't indifferent to was Wanda. Her roommate and best friend had always been there for her and had never done her wrong. Since it meant so much to her, Ashley was willing to go along. 

'Hell, it might even provide some diversion,' she thought.

"Hey, here comes a trucker!" Cheryl called.

The top was down and it was hard to hear her words, but Wanda apparently caught it.

"Quick Ash, pull your skirt up and put your legs up on the dash!" 

Feeling a lot more silly than sexy, Ashley bunched her skirt around her waist, revealing her pink panties and put her long legs up, showing off the stockings, garter clips and pink, come-fuck-me pumps she was wearing. The big rig pulled even with them as Wanda let off the accelerator and Ashley glanced up.

The driver was a woman! Even so, she was staring so hard the big truck veered perilously close to them before she caught it.

She was tanned and her lean face was weather-beaten. Dark shades hid her eyes and she wore a cowboy hat and flannel shirt. She continued to glance down, keeping even with the little mustang for about a mile. Cheryl was laughing and Wanda tromped on the accelerator. Ashley waved as the little car shot off down the road and the truck fell far behind.

