 It had been a rough couple of months. I had gotten into some trouble that ended with my home being repossessed, and I had nowhere to live since I couldn't very well go back to live with my parents -- they stayed two hours away. With no other option, I'd taken to living secretly in my office, sleeping on the couch in my boss's office.

A little more about my boss -- she was a tall, statuesque woman, at least five-foot-nine, and wickedly curvaceous. While she never dressed inappropriately, her body was so luscious that anything she wore looked sexy and borderline indecent, and she never wore anything other than classic Louboutin pumps. Her long dark hair was usually tied back, in a ponytail or braid. She had what can only be described as fuck-me eyes, almond-shaped and with a mischievous glint that never seemed to go out, no matter how serious she was being. A slender, elegant nose and lush, full lips that were often quirked into a know-it-all smirk haunted my dreams... and, when I woke up and realized she was staring at me with that expression, I knew they would haunt my nightmares as well.

"Well, Allison, it seems that you have some explaining to do," she said, walking over to her desk and sitting down.

I gulped as I sat up on the couch, wringing my hands in my lap. Where do I begin?

"Um... well, I recently ran into some financial difficulties, and lost my home, so I had no choice but to move into the office. Don't worry though, it's just temporary," I rushed to reassure her.

She kicked off her Louboutins under the desk and brought her stockinged feet up, resting them on the desk in front of her. I was a little confused initially as to why she was acting so informally at the office, but a quick glance at the clock told me that it was only seven in the morning, which explained a lot. She picked up a folder and opened it, putting on her glasses and reading it cursorily. "Hmm," she said thoughtfully and I gulped.

"I know about your financial issues, of course. I make it a point to know about everyone in this company, so that I can make adjustments to run things as smoothly as possible. You understand, of course," she said, flicking me a glance over her glasses, although her casual and dismissive tone told me she wasn't interested in my answer.

"Yes, of course, Victoria," I rushed to respond anyway.

"Yes, but your unfortunate circumstances have forced me into a bit of a quandary," she explained, pursing her lips as her eyes roved over the page in front of her before she snapped the folder shut.

"See, your sales numbers have been dwindling drastically, Allison, and while I realise that that was probably because of your personal crisis, we do have a policy that must be adhered to."

I paled as I understood the implications of what she was about to say.

"Oh, God, no, please, Victoria," I begged. "I swear to God, I'll pick up my performance. I've devoted three years of my life to this job, I came to work here right after graduation, doesn't that mean anything?"

She took off her glasses and picked up her feet off the table, leaning forwards seriously. "Of course it does, which is why I waited so long to tell you this. Your sales began dwindling six months ago, Allison, and last month's performance was absolutely appalling. Please understand that I don't want to do this; with anyone else I would have sacked them months ago."

To my horror, tears began welling up in my eyes.

"God, please, I need this job," I choked out through a sob, rubbing my fist across my eyes impatiently. "I'll do anything, I swear, just please give me another chance."

"Anything?" I heard her say dangerously, and I looked up warily at her. She was staring at me with a dangerous glint in her eye, and that impossibly sexy half-smirk.

I gulped nervously, but forged ahead, since I was, after all, desperate and completely at her mercy.

"Yes, Victoria, anything!" I cried eagerly.

She smiled at me then, a full-blown smile, so devastatingly beautiful that I stared at her in slack-jawed wonder.

She got up and came around the desk, walking towards me in a slinky manner, her hips swaying in a way I could only describe as stalking. I suddenly felt a lot like prey as she stood in front of me and leaned down, bracing herself with one hand on the back of the couch next to my head.

"That's quite a declaration to make, Allison. Are you sure you mean... anything?" she asked, tipping my head back with a finger under my chin to force me to stare directly into her eyes.

"Um..." I lost my train of thought for a moment as I got lost in her eyes, the beautiful golden-brown sparkling back at me as she seemed to stare into my soul.

She laughed a little and shook my head gently, gripping my chin in her hand. "Focus, Allison. I want to know what you're willing to do for me to keep this job. I know about your little crush on me, of course --"

I flush in horror and humiliation. I thought I'd been hiding it so well, the way I couldn't help but stare at her, the way everything she said seemed so intelligent and insightful. And she was, of course. You didn't make it to become the regional manager of a multimillion dollar company at thirty-five without being rather outstanding.

She laughed at my embarrassment, although it wasn't malicious. "Oh, sweetie, you didn't think you were hiding it at all, did you?" she asked rhetorically.

I looked down uncomfortably, breaking the eye contact with her.

"Oh, Ally, don't you mind. I actually found it rather flattering," she said kindly, moving her hand from my chin to pet the top of my head.

"Um..." I said again, rather intelligently. I wasn't much of a morning person, and it didn't help that the woman whom I'd been lusting over for several years now was incredibly close to me, saying things that I'd only imagined in my dreams.

She smiled at me. "I know you find this all rather shocking and overwhelming, but I want to let you know your options. First, you can leave now, and we will forget this ever happened. I'll write you the best reference letter I can, although I have to warn you that given your performance over the past six months there may not be effusive praise in your letter. Or, and I do hope you choose this latter option, you can take on a new job that's just opened up as my personal assistant." The last two words are said with special meaning. "You'll be working... very closely under me."

For a moment, all I can comprehend is the relief that she's not firing me, that I'm going to keep my job. I sob once in relief.

Then the full meaning of what she just told me sank in, and my wide eyes meet hers. It's not really a hard choice to make, though. I sniffed and wiped the tears from my eyes with a sleeve. "What do you want me to do as your personal assistant?" I asked.

She smiled at me then, a full-on dazzling Victoria smile.

"Well, first of all, you would have to stop calling me Victoria. To you, I'm now simply Mistress. Do you understand?"

I nodded. "Yes, Mistress," I said quietly, falling into my new role with ease.

"Good girl. Now, I want you to slide your hands up my legs. Go on, just right up my skirt," she encouraged when I hesitated.

I did as she asked, feeling as the delicate silk stockings gave way to smooth, creamy skin. I didn't stop because she hadn't asked me to, and my mouth fell open slightly as I realized that she wasn't wearing any panties, and I was now holding on to her butt, one hand on either cheek.

She smirked down at me. "Enjoying yourself?" she asked.

Embarrassed, I just nodded.

"That's good, because you'll be getting very familiar with me," she said with a wink.

I blushed and broke eye contact, looking straight ahead instead, at where my hands were. Her skirt had ridden up when I pushed my hands up, and they now covered my hands but not much more, the hemline now just below her crotch.

She smirked, looking down at me. "Go on, I know you want to," she encouraged.

Swallowing, I nodded and peeled her skirt up further, exposing her bare pussy. It was completely free of hair, and I looked up at her for permission.

She moved one hand to the top of my head, petting it lightly, then gently but insistently pushing my head closer. "Stick out your tongue for me, dear," she instructed.

Complying, I stuck my tongue out as she guided my head to her. She shifted her stance slightly, spreading her legs a little bit wider, then pressed my tongue to her clit. "Taste it," she instructed. "Do you like it? I hope so, for your sake, because you'll be spending a lot of time with your face in my pussy."

I tried to lick her, but it was rather awkward in that position and she soon realized, letting go of my head and pushing me back a little. "Lean back and rest your head on the back of the couch," she instructed, waiting for me to do so before she climbed on top of the couch, her feet on either side of me. Placing her knees on either side of my head, she lowered herself onto my face.

I clutched at her ass to help steady her (and also because she had a phenomenal ass) and started licking again. She really did taste good; salty and sweet at the same time.

"Mmm, you good little girl," she moaned, grinding down on me.

I lapped at her clit, watching her face as best I could to see her reactions, but her face was tilted upwards and I couldn't see her expressions well. Going by the sounds she was making, I figured I was doing okay for my first time.

"Yes, that's right, lick me," she hissed, looking down at me as she moved so that her clit was bumping against my nose and I slid my tongue into her. She continued humping my face as she groaned and shuddered, as I fucked her with my tongue until my whole jaw ached.

"Mmm, yes, yes, yes!" she cried as she came, her juices splattering directly onto my tongue as she ground hard on my face. She got off me shakily, collapsing onto the couch next to me. "You're quite the talented pussy licker, aren't you?" she complimented me.

I blushed, which was a rather ridiculous response to her candid comment now that her juices were drying all over my face. "Thank you, mistress," I said softly. "Thank you for letting me eat your pussy and taste your cum."

She chuckled and stroked my hair. "It was my pleasure, sweetie. Literally," she joked. "Now, on to the next order of business: rules. You already know the first one: you have to call me mistress. The second is this: whenever I am with you in any room alone, you will be on your knees on the floor. Understand?"

I scrambled to get off the couch to kneel on the floor at her feet. "Yes, mistress," I said.

She put her hands in my head and directed me to kneel in between her legs, so that her pussy, still on display from the way she'd sprawled out, was directly in my view. I ducked closer automatically, unsure if she wanted me to eat her out again but just wanting to be closer to it. I started pressing soft kisses to her inner thighs, close to her pussy but not quite touching it.

She sighed softly and adjusted her position, getting more comfortable on the couch as she lifted her legs so that her feet were resting on the seat of the couch. Using her grip on my hair, she directed me to her pussy. "That's nice," she said. "I like having my pussy licked, even if you aren't trying to make me cum. I like a soft, warm tongue. I'll expect this frequently in the office, do you understand?"

I couldn't respond in words, but I nodded, burrowing deeper into her pussy. She sighed, seeming to give herself over to my ministrations for a moment, but then she pulled my head away from her and straightened up.

She got up and walked over to the desk, looking at me over her shoulder expectantly. I began crawling behind her, and when she turned back and continued walking I knew that I had gotten it right.

She got behind the desk and pulled her chair out. "Now, this is a very special chair," she told me. "I had it made specifically for this."

I looked at the chair. While plush and comfortable, it looked like a normal chair to me. I looked back at her questioningly.

She chuckled at my curious look, then showed me what it was that made the chair special. It was perfect for our new relationship: the seat of the chair was actually made up of several parts which could be removed and replaced at will, so it was possible to have a hole in the middle of the seat so I could rim her -- "and yes, you will be doing that often," she promised me with a wink -- and the bottom of the chair came with a headrest for me under the seat so I could conceivably stay there for hours, and there was a chunk out of the front that came out as well so I could eat her pussy while she sat there.

"Wow," I breathed out when she was done explaining it, amazed at the amount of thought and planning that had gone into this.

She decided that we would try out the chair then, and removed the section from the front before settling into the seat. I crawled under the desk, between her legs and started lapping at her pussy.

She stroked my hair as she continued. "Now, I warned you earlier that your job would take on a very personal nature."

I looked up, confused. Wasn't this what she'd meant by personal?

She looked down at me. "Oh, you sweet child. Of course this isn't all of it," she chuckled, bopping me on the nose with her finger. "I actually do plan for this to increase my productivity in the office. You see, with all the water and coffee that I drink, one of the biggest drains on my time is having to use the toilet."

I nodded hesitantly, unsure where this was going. I wasn't kept in the dark for long. "Therefore, you will take over those duties so I don't have to get up to use the bathroom during the day."

Wait, what? I pulled back from her pussy slightly to gape up at her. She frowned back down at me, her hands in my hair twisting to the point of pain. "This is nonnegotiable," she said archly. "Unless you're having second thoughts?"

I gulped nervously, but knew that ultimately, I had no choice. This was what I had to do to keep my job. "No, mistress," I murmured as I returned to licking her pussy. "I understand my duties."

She smiled at me approvingly, her grip in my hair relaxing. "Good girl," she sighed, spreading her legs a little wider and leaning her head back to rest on the headrest. "It's time to try your new duties."

I pulled back nervously, and she pet my hair reassuringly. "Don't worry," she told me. "I'll control the flow so you can get used to it."

I bit my lip, and her hand moved to cradle my face, thumb on my lip as she pulled it out of my teeth. "Are you ready?" she asked.

I nodded and placed my open mouth on her pussy. "That's good," she complimented. "Make sure your lips form a seal; I don't want any spills."

I tried my best to fit my mouth on her pussy, resting my tongue on her labia. She went still, her posture still relaxed as she looked down at me, and I felt her pussy twitch on my tongue.

Then she let out a sigh, and I felt a small trickle of liquid against my tongue. I hurriedly lapped it up and swallowed.

"There's a good girl," she murmured approvingly, as my mouth returned to her pussy. She let out a slightly larger spurt this time, and I swallowed that too. The taste was... not the best, but not the worst either, and if I was being honest it was rather arousing to serve Victoria in this way. She was usually so uptight and professional that seeing her in this new light was... well, exciting, to say the least.

She placed her hands on either side of my face, her fingers in my hair, as she pulled me off her pussy to tilt my face towards her. "Now," she instructed. "I'm going to let out a gentle, continuous stream, and I want you to drink it without spilling, okay?"

I nodded, enthralled by her. She smiled at me before pushing my face back into her pussy. I took the cue, returning my focus to it as I put my mouth back where it was. She let out a deep sigh of relief as she started peeing again, only this time she didn't stop, and I had to gulp it down continuously.

She peed for over a minute, controlling the flow so that it was gentle and slow, easy for a novice like me to handle. I knew without her saying that she wouldn't be helping me in this way for long -- I would be expected to learn how to drink her piss when she just relaxed her bladder and let go.

When the stream started waning, I looked up at her, still swallowing, to find her looking at me with an expression of contentment. It was somehow so intimate that I blushed, even though I had my mouth on her pussy and her piss in my mouth at the time. When she squeezed out the last few drops onto my tongue, I automatically started lapping at her pusy, licking her clean.

"Good girl," she said, stroking my hair gently. "You did very well for your first time."

I smiled back at her. "Thank you, mistress," I said, and meant it. I was grateful to her, for giving me a chance to turn my life back around by not firing me, for letting me fulfil some of my fantasies (and then more!) with her, for feeding me her wonderful piss, straight from her pussy. If she wanted, I would devote the rest of my life to serving her most intimate needs, and from the way she was looking at me, I knew she knew what I was thinking.

"Now," she said, using my hair to pull my face away from her pussy, "I think there's something that you've been neglecting..."

I almost panted in lust as I understood what she meant. I shuffled back slightly to give her room to stand up and adjust the chair so that the section in the middle was removed, then positioned myself under the chair, putting my head in the straps designed to help hold me up so I could stay there indefinitely.

She smiled at me, and the last thing I saw before I was engulfed in darkness was her bottom descending towards me. It was time to eat my mistress's asshole.