 by joli.camarillo & patty_parker60

This material is COPYRIGHTED©...you may download for your own use; please don't re-print re-post without the EXPLICIT WRITTEN CONSENT OF THE AUTHOR

*all characters are at least 18 years of Age*

Jen: Voluptuous Anglo Wife, 40 years old, Mother of Two

Renita: Sexy Predatory Executive, Divorced AA, 36 years of age

***

As ordered, Jen waited fifteen minutes or so to make sure Paul will not wake up from his deep, alcohol-induced slumber. After wrestling him out his clothes and into bed, she showers, making sure to douche and give herself an enema, as also as she'd been instructed. She dresses in a black satin lingerie ensemble she'd been saving for Paul's and her anniversary: bra, garter-belt, hose, and a tiny matching thong. A thin kimomo-type wrap, and black high-heeled pumps complete her outfit. She is so hot that she can barely stand it. Paul is snoring deeply when she slips out of their suite and knocks lightly door a few feet from theirs: Renita's suite. Renita answers the door in nothing but a pair of spike-heeled pumps and a huge black rubber strap-on dildo. 

"C'mon in, sweetie" she invites, stepping aside. 

She locks the door, then joins Jen in the spacious living room. Her eyes rove over the brunette's lush shape, which is clearly out-lined under the thin wrap she wears. Jen can't take her eyes off Renita's monster cock. Stroking it lazily, Renita motions for Jen to strip. Jen unties the belt of her robe and lets it slide from her body and pool at her feet, revealing her eye-popping physique to her partner's admiring eyes. 

In less than five steps, the sexy exec closes the distance between them, and kisses the luscious, full red lips of the dark-haired beauty. The kiss is heady; Jean utters a noise much like a mewling kitten; she's left gasping when Renita takes her by the shoulders, guiding her to her knees. She doesn't resist; it's obvious what Renita wants, and Jen wants to give it to her...

When she speaks, the African American beauty's voice is throaty, bursting with lust.

"Suck my dick, baby" 

The strap-on looks much bigger from this position...will she be able to fit it into her mouth?

"I don't have all night, bitch," Renita barks, no longer the considerate hostess. 

The harsh words shock Jen out of her trance and she reaches for the ebony staff, wrapping delicate fingers around as much of its girth as she is able, which is not very much. Hot tears of shame run down Jen's lovely, aristocratic cheeks as she reluctantly allows the bulbous cock-head to slide into her mouth. She struggles to stretch her lips around the apple-sized tip, and is finally successful. Fresh tears wet her face from the stinging pain in the edges of her mouth as a result. Soon the insistent cock-head is pushing at the opening to her throat, and Jen instinctively tries to work- up the necessary spittle to ease the passage of the foraging latex intruder into her narrow gullet.

Her tongue slithers free to bathe as much of the thick shaft with spit as possible, then Renita pushes forward, this time much more slowly. Jen is forced to breathe through her nose as her air passage is clogged with man-made penis. "That's a good bitch," Renita cooes encouragingly, reaching down to fill her palms with her kneeling partner's huge, satin-covered jugs. Her fingers find the up-raised buds of the brunette's rock-hard nipples, pinching them through the thin material encasing them.

Suddenly, Jen gags, her eyes open wide as she panics a bit, unable to get enough air into her lungs. Renita takes pity on her and pulls back enough so that her cock-tip clears the housewife's tonsils and she's able to suck in a large gout of oxygen, enough to ease her sudden panic attack. The black executive is satisfied for now with Jen's oral efforts, and slowly withdraws all the way out of her new lover's lip-stick smeared mouth. Helping her to her feet, Renita glues her lips to the other woman's; the response is immediate and expected. A soft moan of desire escapes Jen as her husband's supervisor pushes her tongue past her teeth, flitting, darting, insistent as it probes the inside of her mouth. The kiss continues as Jen lets herself be propelled backwards toward the immense couch occupying the center of the suite. The smell of Jen's arousal is an exotic perfume as Renita kneels between her legs and claims the housewife's breasts as her own once more. 

Jen is trembling, shaking like a leaf. Unlike before, it is not fear is experiencing, but raw LUST. "I so adore these big titties, baby", the black woman murmurs, leaning forward to run her wet tongue between the deep, impressive cleavage between Jen's incredibly-large endowments. "What size bra do you wear; an E cup?"

Jean manages to groan "Y-Y-Yesss; II-I'm 38EEeeeeeeOOOOOOAHHH!" 

Renita's questing lips have latched onto the straining, quivering bud of Jen's left breast, sucking gently at first, then more urgently. The satin material is soon soaked with spittle. Nimble fingers unclip the front clasp of the bra and peel the thin cups down and away, so that the biggest set of mammaries Renita has ever seen plop free. They are BHTJ: BIG HEAVY TITTY JUGS: in every sense of the term, capped with a pair of very wide, very dark brown areola and protuberant nipples, just the kind that made Renita's mouth water. She wastes no time in partaking of this delectable feast. She licks between them, her hands busily kneading, fondling, and pinching the glorious globes as her lips switch to Jen's right breast.

She spends quality time on Jens's boobs, sucking the straining breast-buds to swollen, throbbing hardness. She would gladly spend hours sucking them, but she has much of the sexy brunette's lush body to sample and an all-day meeting to run the next day. Jen is now in a fever of want. She allows Renita to arrange her on her hands and knees on the edge of the sofa, waiting expectantly, and a bit nervously, for what is to come: before parting last night, Renita made it clear that she has every intention of taking Jen anally in their next encounter...the lust-crazed wife gasps as the other woman's fingers slip into the crevice between her buttocks and peel them apart. Normally, she would be mortified at the thought of another woman staring at her asshole; NOT NOW... Renita's wet tongue flicks against the crinkled, quasi-entrance of her anus, and she groans aloud, jerking as she experiences a rim-job for the first time in her life. Renita can't help herself: she buries her face between those over-abundant globes and begins feasting on the succulent, tasty morsel as it were her last meal on earth. Jen's big butt-cheeks shake and jiggle as she humps backward, trying in vain to get more of Renita's tongue in her ass. Renita laps greedily at the puckered star, swirling her tongue in relentless, non-stop fashion until Jen is out of her mind with want.