 By joli camarillo & patty parker

Cast: Yolanda, Laurie, Renita, Jen, and Kelly Wu

The last chapter ended with an encounter between Jen and Renita, right under Jen's husband's nose, (well, practically...he is in the next suite while they did what they did)...I hope it was sufficiently hot to satisfy my loyal readers. This chapter introduces Yolanda, a sexy Latina, Laurie, a luscious blonde, and Front desk clerk Kelly, a hot little Asian doll.

From Chapter 5: The black woman begins thrusting counter to Jen's movement, and soon they have a nice rhythm going where Jen pushes her ass up and back and Renita pushes her hips forward to meet her. Renita is determined to force more of her "erection" into the enormously-titted housewife's asshole, her hard thrusting speeding up and increasing in its intensity. 

Renita is driving her like a team of mules. The busty housewife's whole world revolves around her obscenely-stretched rectum and the wonderful black rubber dick stuffing it like a out of control jackhammer. Her eyes are shut tightly against the glorious, yet sinful sensations; she sees crazily-spinning stars behind her closed lids as thunder-bolts of pleasure knife through the core of her being. 

Pleasure vibrates through Renita's soul as the hard driving strokes and the resultant scrubbing and scraping against her erected clit conspire to send the dominant ebony beauty to the brink of explosion.

As for JEN...

Perspiration and tears of want course down the brunette's beautiful face as she pants and gasps her way through one of the most intense orgasms yet. Finally, Jen arches her back and releases a throat-searing, primal scream before nearly passing-out from the intense pleasure.

I'll try not to take so long to put-out the next Chapter!

Chapter 6 Aside from the usual "hetero" office trysts, the office where Paul and Renita work is a hot-bed (pun intended) of lesbian activity. Yolanda, as described in Chapter One, is a sexy Mexican American of 30 years, who is a whiz at anything computer-related. She is 5'6" tall, 120 well-curved pounds (36C-23-36), and resembles EVA LONGORIA a little bit...Laurie is a platinum blonde honey who financed her education by stripping at a local gentleman's club, where she earned $2,500 a night as a featured dancer. She is slim and stacked, 5'6" as well, and VERY well-built (32DD-24-36), and strikingly-pretty.

While Renita has been busy with Jen, the two have been keeping company with each other (Yolanda takes a male lover on rare occasions, but Laurie is 100% lezzie), and since they have a sort of on-going "thing," they made sure that they would share a suite. 

There are no meetings or seminars scheduled until the afternoon on this day, and so like the rest of Their co-workers, the two women are relaxing in their suite. And, like some of the others, they are taking advantage of the down-time to indulge the lusts of their flesh, as young, healthy, and beautiful single women are wont to do...

Yolanda has just finished putting a spit-shine on Laurie's tasty pink clit, and now the two exchange spit, tongues tangling and twining as the lusty Latina transfers the juices coated on her tongue to her lover's oven-hot mouth. Laurie relishes that taste of her own sweet cuntal secretions and prolongs the hot kiss as long as possible. She works one hand between their sweaty bodies and inserts a pair of fingers into her lover's slick pink wetness, wriggling them around until the Latina minx purrs low in her throat in response. Now its Laurie's turn...

The blonde ex-dancer massages her lover's outer labia while her thumb busily strokes the erect bud of the panting latina's clit. The normally submissive administrative assistant is relishing the opportunity to take a more proactive role in their sex games. She is a bit surprised that Yolanda hasn't broken-out her favorite strap-on; this is the first time during the conference she hasn't wedged it up the full-bodied blonde's rear end. It's a welcome break, considering how sore Laurie's butt hole is. 

"My God! You're a hot little cunt! You're juices are flowing like a Class 4 whitewater! Here, taste."

Laurie removes her fingers from Yola's steamy cunt and brings them up to her horny co-worker's lips. Yolanda wastes no time taking the slender, sticky digits into her warm mouth cleaning them of the delectable juices with her hot, pink little tongue. 

Laurie slides back down and buries her head between Yola's golden thighs. Her limber, pink oral digit slides-out to flick along the plump outer folds of her lover's coral slash, before her fingertips pry them apart and she flattens her tongue to swipe it in long, circular strokes in and around the leaking pubic trench. Yolanda is getting hotter by the second; the sexual intensity within her increases by leaps and bounds as she nears a state of higher sexual awareness.

Yolanda's firm, perky breasts part from one another while she leans back, and the sultry vixen's head is thrown back by the waves of sexual heat that travel up and down her body. Her moans and sighs of pleasure fill the room and her hips pump up and down against her blonde cohort's finger fucking and expert tonguing. 

"Cum for me darling," Laurie urges, raising her head but continuing her fantastic digital action.

"I want your cum; give it to me; c'mon, baby!"

The blonde's plunging fingers are drenched with hot feminine juices. As her beautiful Mexican American lover bucks and shudders through her orgasm Laurie raises all the way up and Yolanda captures her open, questing lips with her own. 

In her own suite...

Renita is busy putting Kelly, the pretty young front desk clerk, through her paces. The strap on she uses is smaller than the one she usually fucks Jen with, in deference to the delicate Oriental's newness to anal sex. Jen is sometimes obligated to tend to Paul's hangovers, accompany him to functions, and service him sexually (this is most rare, as her handsome hubby is usually passed-out drunk when he isn't required to participate in a meeting or training session). 

Whenever Jen isn't available, Kelly, the bubbly 22 year old, fills-in nicely. No stranger to the strap-on, Kelly is a true submissive, and is quite accustomed to her female lovers filling her hot little honey-pot with thick rubber ding-a-lings. Before she met Renita, only fingers and the smallest vibrators have breached her backdoor; the dominant black woman changed THAT day two of the conference...she began with a moderate sized, six-incher; Kelly is now able to deal with an eight inch long, two inch thick model. She is slimmer and much more petite than Renita's usual partners;she fancies women who are busty (38+, DD cup and above) and with full, shapely asses. Kelly won her over with her bubbly attitude and kinky tastes. Though reluctant to part with her anal virginity, the part-time finance student gave up her butt cherry for two reasons: Retina's irresistible sexual magnetism, and the opportunity to "tutor" under a senior executive of a major corporation.

Kelly's parents are from the "old school": though they have plenty of money, they insist that Kelly learn the value of hard work, of working one's way up through the ranks. Kelly harbors a secret, though: she has no intention of eventually taking-over the family laundry business: she has designs on a high-paid, jet-set executive position, of the sort Renita occupies. 

In order to achieve that, she is willing to sacrifice her body to ingratiate herself to the powerful black woman. If she makes herself indispensable SEXUALLY, that should lead to an apprenticeship to the type of career the ambitious Oriental sexpot desires.

The pace has been languid, but Renita decides to step it up a bit. Her hips slide back and forth in a heavy, steady, demanding rhythm, forcing her prick as deep into her young lover's rectum as is possible, moving faster and faster, her thighs and "balls" slapping loudly against Kelly's buttocks.

Kelly is getting-off on the submissive and degrading act of being sodomized. The pretty and formerly demure young Asian woman has led a privileged life, the child of wealthy parents and a comfortable upbringing. She has never known REAL pain, until now: Renita is fucking her loosened asshole in short, hard strokes, thrusts that jolt and jar her 105 pound frame and cause her over-stuffed rectum to spasm in response.

Kelly feels supreme pleasure, but there is discomfort, too: the merciless butt-fucking, the ceaseless reaming, have conspired to transform her previously delicate little rosebud into a raw, stretched cock receptacle, and there is not a goddamn thing she can do about it except take it. Groan and sob and wriggle and writhe, and fucking TAKE IT...

The two rutting females are not unobserved: Jen has entered Renita's suite, using a spare pass key given to her by Renita, and hearing the sounds of hot sex coming from the slightly-cracked door of the master bedroom, she peeks through the opening and spies on the horny pair.

"That little bitch," she thinks to herself, jealously, as an especially hard and deep thrust from Renita causes Kelly to cry-out. "That should be ME in there, not her; Renita likes women with curves, not skinny little trollops. GODDAMN HER!" 

CLASS 4 Whitewater-fast-moving river "rapid"

Chapter 7 to follow