 It was almost eleven on a Saturday night when I let myself into the apartment. My plan was to wash my face, brush my teeth, and go straight to bed, but that changed when I saw my roommate, Jewel, sitting on the sofa. Only a small lamp on the end table provided light in the room, so her face was cast in shadows, but I could still tell that she'd been crying. The bottle of cheap red wine I'd recently bought was open on the coffee table before her, and she held a near-empty glass in her hand.

Jewel and I had been sharing an apartment for over six months, since she'd started her sophomore year at the local four-year university the previous fall, and I'd never seen her in this kind of state. Of course, our vastly different schedules didn't allow us to spend too much time together. 

She'd just turned twenty and was going to school full-time, while I was twenty-two and taking classes part-time at the community college while also working two jobs, one of which was at a café. I'd been at that job all afternoon and evening, and I was still dressed in my uniform of black slacks and a navy blue polo shirt with the café's name embroidered on it. 

"Jewel, what's wrong?" I asked, trying to keep the alarm from my voice as I closed and locked the apartment door behind me.

She offered me a weak smile and wiped the tears from her face, then nodded to the bottle of wine. "I'm sorry I opened that," she said. "I promise I'll pay you for it, Sadie. It's just been an awful night, and..." Her words faltered, and then a loud sob escaped her.

I set my purse and keys aside, then rushed over to the sofa and sat down, turning to face her. "Jewel, what's happened?" I asked softly. 

Even as she cried, she gave me an apologetic smile, as if she felt she was inconveniencing me. As I waited for her to answer me, I found myself thinking how beautiful she was.

The problem was, Jewel didn't know she was beautiful. Her brown hair was stick-straight and reached the small of her back, and she had a gorgeous peaches-and-cream complexion. Her eyes were cornflower blue, and her body... Oh, her body with F-cup breasts (I knew the size because I'd sneaked a peek at one of her bras that she'd once left on the bathroom floor) and ample belly and thick thighs. And her broad hips and curvy ass... 

It was safe to say that I was physically attracted to her, but I was careful not to let that show. The last thing I wanted to do was make our living arrangement awkward. Jewel was a wonderful roommate, neat and quiet, and she didn't bring a ton of friends to our place like the last college student I'd shared this apartment with.

As Jewel cried harder, I grew even more worried. Had something happened to one of her parents? I'd met them on the weekend that Jewel moved in, and when Jewel had invited me out to lunch with them, I felt I couldn't say no.

That lunch was one of the most uncomfortable meals I'd ever experienced. Unlike me, Jewel came from money, and her mother was one of those middle-aged women reeking of sophistication and style who also didn't hesitate to condescend to anyone she considered less than her equal. Jewel's father was some kind of executive, and he spent the majority of his time on his phone. When he did speak to his daughter, his stare quickly moved over her like she was an inanimate object. The cold distance of that family made the chaotic home life I'd left at eighteen seem warm and happy by comparison. 

I could still remember the look of humiliation on Jewel's face when her mother slapped her hand away from the breadbasket and said, "Too many carbs, dear."

As a result of that lunch, I loathed her parents, and I was thankful they lived hundreds of miles away. If I never saw either of them again, it would be too soon, but for Jewel's sake, I hoped they were okay.

Jewel finally took a deep breath and closed her eyes. "Do you remember Kevin? That guy I was dating earlier this year?" she asked me.

I did remember Kevin simply because he was the first and only guy Jewel had invited back to the apartment. I'd only met him once when I came home from work to find him and Jewel sitting on the sofa. Something about him had bugged me. Maybe it was that he had merely nodded when Jewel introduced us, as if he couldn't be bothered with manners. Or maybe it was the way he had draped his arms over the back of the sofa and spread his legs wide, like he was trying to take up as much space as possible. 

I remembered the way Jewel had seemed infatuated with him, her smile wide and bright as she hung on his every word. That had concerned me, but I kept my reservations to myself, and I was relieved when I didn't see him again. Jewel hadn't told me what happened between them, but I'd always hoped that she had wised up to his sliminess. 

As I now heard his name again, my heart sank. "I remember him," I said carefully.

Jewel lowered her head, and tears fell from her face to dampen her pink sleep shirt. I couldn't help but notice that she wasn't wearing a bra. "We dated for a month, and I was crazy about him, Sadie. He was the first guy to show any interest in me, and he told me he didn't mind that I'm large. For the first time in my life, I actually felt sexy."

I rubbed her back, trying to comfort her. She drained the glass of wine, and I took it from her so I could pour some for myself. 

"He took my virginity," she went on in a quiet voice. "I figured I'd waited long enough, and he was so nice to me. Then he asked me to take nude photos of myself and send them to him."

I tried not to cringe. Instead, I brought the glass to my lips and drank half of it in just a few swallows. 

Jewel turned to me. "I didn't want to," she said, "but he told me I could trust him. He said he would delete them as soon as he..." A blush spread across her cheeks. "As soon as he finished, um, masturbating." I quickly nodded to let her know I understood. She tucked a strand of hair behind her ear, and her eyes filled with fresh tears. "Soon after that, he just... disappeared. He wouldn't answer my calls or my texts, and if I saw him on campus, he went out of his way to avoid me. It hurt me so much, that he could treat me that way, but..." She shrugged helplessly. "I told myself I'd been an idiot, and that in the future, I'd be smarter. And then..." Her lips trembled as she struggled not to break down crying again.

"What happened?" I asked gently. "You can tell me, sweetheart."

"I got a private message on my social media account this evening. It was from a friend of Kevin's. He wanted me to know that Kevin had been sharing the nude pictures of me. He even attached them to the message." Jewel's voice was choked with tears, and she turned her face from me.

I set the wineglass on the coffee table and then wrapped my arms around my roommate. "Baby, I am so sorry," I said, kissing her hair. "Kevin is a fucking asshole who never deserved you."

Jewel buried her face against my shirt and wailed. I rocked her back and forth, trying to soothe her in any way I could. For several minutes, I just let her cry. My teeth were clenched so hard, I figured I was grating away the enamel, but I could barely contain my fury that this sweet girl had been hurt so deeply.

Bringing my lips close to her ear, I murmured, "You want me to find him and break his kneecaps?"

To my surprise, Jewel burst out laughing through her tears. I smiled, too, and when she lifted her head so she could study my expression, she said, "You're kidding, right?"

I pretended to consider her question. "Not really," I replied, and she laughed harder. Then she slowly withdrew from my embrace so she could reach for the box of tissues on the coffee table.

"I just wish I could be more like you, Sadie," she told me with a sigh. "You're so self-assured and comfortable in your own skin."

I raised my eyebrows. "I don't know about all that."

"You are!" Jewel insisted before she dried her eyes and blew her nose. "You're not like other women."

I gave her a wry grin. "Is that a good thing or a bad thing?"

"A good thing!" she said. "You don't try to make yourself into something you're not in order to attract a guy. I feel like that's all I've ever done, and I've still failed at it."

I leaned back against the sofa, thinking about what she'd said. "Well, it's true that I don't see the sense in all the primping and preening women do in order to impress men. With me, what you see is what you get, but I've paid a price for that. At the café, the servers with perfect make-up and tight pants and blonde highlights rake in a lot more tips than I do, even if they do a half-ass job waiting tables."

I thought back to the times male customers, many of them college students, would come into the café and ask for a different server when they found out I'd be waiting on them. But even though I always wore my shoulder-length brown hair in a no-nonsense ponytail and dressed modestly, I'd encountered a few admirers. 

A smile played at my lips when I remembered the middle-aged woman who had come into the café by herself late last year, right around Christmas. She and I had chatted while I waited on her, and after she left, I found that she'd left me a very generous tip, along with her phone number scrawled on a napkin. I'd called her the following day, and we'd met up a few times for some amazing sex, but all that ended when she decided to reconcile with her estranged husband. 

Jewel sniffled and moved a little closer to me on the sofa before she asked, "Does it make you angry that you're treated differently?"

I shrugged. "It is what it is. I figure when I'm old and gray, I won't look back on my life and wish I'd spent more time choosing the perfect shade of lipstick or getting my pussy waxed, you know?"

Jewel laughed again, but then her expression darkened. "It makes me angry," she said, "that I'm treated differently just because I'm fat. It makes me angry that my dad loves my older sister more simply because she's thin."

I rested a hand on Jewel's knee, and I could feel the warmth of her skin through her black lounge pants. "Baby, there are so many people in this world who would love nothing more than to grind you beneath their heel until you're completely broken. Kevin is one of those people, and forgive me for saying this, but your dad is one of those people, too. That's why you have to be comfortable with who you are. You can't let these assholes destroy you. And don't forget that there are plenty of good people in this world as well—people who would love to be with a woman like you," I said.

Jewel shook her head, and I knew she didn't believe me. "Even if a guy were to act interested in me, how would I be able to trust him after this?" she asked. 

"It just takes time," I assured her. "Don't let anyone pressure you into things you're not ready for." Jewel nodded and then reached for the bottle of wine and empty glass.

"Do you mind if I have a little more?" she asked. I was relieved that she seemed calmer now.

"Just a little," I told her. "You don't need a hangover in the morning on top of all this."

She laughed as she poured another glass. "I've only had one glass so far."

"Yeah, but you're not used to drinking, so your tolerance is low. I can tell you're already feeling that first glass. It's mellowed you out."

"Thank God for that," she said. "I was totally freaking out before you got home."

"These pictures you sent to Kevin," I said, "do they show your face?"

"No," Jewel quickly replied. "I only sent him two. One was of my breasts, and the other was of my..."

"Got it," I said, trying to spare her some embarrassment. "And have you responded to the message that Kevin's friend sent?" Jewel shook her head. "If you decide to, I think you should tell him the pictures aren't of you. Tell him Kevin is a fucking liar." 

Jewel stared at me, her eyes widening. "No one will believe me, though."

I shrugged. "Who cares? These pictures were supposed to be private, and they were supposed to be deleted. You shouldn't have to deal with the fallout from Kevin's shitty behavior. Deny everything, and let people think what they want."

Jewel sipped at the wine, then said, "I don't know how I'm going to show my face on campus next week."

"You're going to hold your head high," I told her firmly. "You're not going to give any of them the satisfaction of seeing you hurt."

She looked at me and smiled softly. "That's what you'd do, isn't it?"

"Damn straight," I replied. She let out a sigh, then cleared her throat. I could tell she wanted to say something but was holding back. "What is it, Jewel?"

"I kind of feel like I want to show you the pictures," she said, and I tried to hide my surprise. "Right now, the people who have seen them include me and Kevin and Kevin's friend, and God knows how many others who don't give a shit about me or how I might feel. I'd like someone who actually cares about me to see them, because I think that would take away some of the power they have over me."

Once again, my attraction to Jewel made itself known when I felt a heat spread between my thighs. I couldn't help the way my body responded to the idea of seeing pictures of her naked body.

"Okay," I said, trying to keep my voice casual, "if you feel comfortable doing that."

Jewel handed me the wineglass, and I brought it to my lips as she reached for her phone. After a few quick taps, she held it out to me, and I slowly took it. 

The picture on the screen was of her very large breasts. I suppressed a moan at the sight of them, pale mounds with large, dark pink areolas. Her nipples had been hard when she took the picture, and I couldn't help but think of how suckable they looked. My own C-cup tits with their paler nipples were less than impressive in comparison.

"Baby, your tits are gorgeous," I said. Could she hear the excitement in my voice? 

When I looked up from the phone, her eyes locked with mine. "You really think so?" she asked, sounding unsure.

"Fuck, yes," I breathed. 

Jewel bit her lip and smiled, then took the phone from me and swiped at the screen. She gave it to me once more, and I couldn't help but draw in a sharp breath. 

This picture gave a clear view of her pussy between her spread thighs. My God, just staring at it made me soaking wet. She had a full bush, but I could tell that her outer pussy lips were nice and plump. Her inner folds were glistening and flushed crimson with arousal, and her clit peeked out from its hood. I bet it wouldn't take much licking and stroking to get it fully erect. 

With my stare still riveted to the screen, I murmured, "I could eat that pussy for hours."

Now it was her turn to gasp, and the sound made me realize the gravity of what I'd just said. I hurriedly handed her the phone. "I'm sorry," I quickly told her. "I shouldn't have said that, Jewel. It's just that I find every inch of you beautiful."

She stared at me open-mouthed, clearly shocked. I apologized again, then stood. "Um, I'd better head on to bed. I'm glad you felt you could talk to me about this." Still Jewel didn't speak, which made me feel like I had to fill the silence. "Everything's going to be okay; you're going to get past this. You should try to get some sleep." 

I started out of the room and called over my shoulder, "No more wine, okay?" Then I went to the bathroom and quickly closed the door behind me. I was breathing hard as I splashed cold water on my face, and it took every ounce of willpower not to slip a hand down the front of my pants and begin rubbing my clit.

After I brushed my teeth and took my hair out of its ponytail, I headed for my bedroom. I could see that the lamp in the living room was still on, and I wondered if Jewel was sitting in there, upset over what I'd said to her. 

I softly closed my bedroom door behind me, not bothering to turn on the light as I made my way to the bed. Once I'd stripped naked, I climbed beneath the covers, basking in the sensation of the cool sheets against my hot skin. As I lay on my side, facing the wall, I hoped I hadn't fucked things up. Good roommates were hard to come by, and the thought of searching for another one exhausted me. 

I had just drifted off to sleep when the sound of my bedroom door opening woke me. "Sadie, are you still awake?" I heard Jewel whisper.

Turning over on my back, I lifted my head to peer at her. "Jewel, what's wrong?" I asked in a low voice.

Instead of replying, she slipped into the room and approached me. Then she fumbled with the lamp on my bedside table until she managed to turn it on. I squinted at the light, though it wasn't particularly bright.

Standing next to my bed, Jewel pulled her shirt over her head, and my breath caught in my throat when I saw her bare breasts. I didn't speak even as she tugged down her pants and underwear so that she was completely naked. My gaze dropped to the dark triangle of hair between her thighs. "Baby, what are you doing?" I asked, my husky voice revealing how much I wanted her.

"Can I get in bed with you?" she asked in return.

I knew it wasn't a good idea, that this could ruin everything, but I had only so much resistance. I lifted the covers, inviting her inside, and she quickly climbed into the bed. 

We lay on our sides, facing each other, and I lifted a hand to stroke her face. She turned her head to kiss my palm. "You really think I'm beautiful, Sadie?" she asked.

"I do," I replied. My heart was pounding, and I could feel that pulse between my thighs.

Jewel slipped her arm around me and nestled close. The feel of her naked body pressed to mine made me weak with desire. "I never dreamed you'd be attracted to me," she said quietly. "I wish you'd been my first lover."

I held her to me, knowing she could hear my breathing quicken. "Jewel, I'm not sure we should do this," I said. "I want to, more than anything, but..."

She pressed a finger to my lips. "I want you to make love to me, Sadie."

I closed my eyes and moaned, torn between what I wanted to do and what I felt I should do. Before either impulse could win out, Jewel kissed my mouth, and I eagerly kissed her back. I could smell her hair, freshly washed, and the body lotion she used. And beneath that, I detected the musky scent of her sex, which told me she was just as excited as I was. 

Slowly she opened her mouth to me, and her tongue moved furtively between my lips, then withdrew just as it met mine. Our kiss deepened, and when our tongues touched once more, I could taste the wine on hers. 

Jewel moaned and began rocking her hips against me as my hands moved over her body. I grazed my fingertips over her hip and stroked her back, then reached down and gently squeezed her luscious ass. 

After I finally broke our kiss, I eased Jewel onto her back, drinking in the sight of those gorgeous tits, along with her large belly. When my eyes met hers, I saw no hesitation or uncertainty in her face. Lowering my head, I glided my tongue over the tender skin of her throat, then eased down until I could shower kisses upon both of her breasts. Jewel released a soft cry as I gathered them in my hands. They were large enough so that I could bring her nipples together and flick my tongue over the peaks. 

God, every inch of her was so soft and warm, so inviting. I lifted Jewel's left breast and guided the nipple to her lips. "Go on and suck it," I urged, and she readily took hold of her breast so she could draw the pink nub into her mouth. The sight of it made me groan, and my hips involuntarily bucked against her. "You are so fucking sexy."

Jewel smiled, and the sound of her lips suckling at her own tit had my pussy dripping. I wrapped my lips around her right nipple and eagerly sucked, my tongue swirling over her flesh. Sliding my hand lower, I caressed the curves of her belly, then slipped my fingers between her thighs as she moaned. Her curls were already soaked, and I realized then just how very sexual Jewel was. She'd been so ready for someone to awaken this side of her, and what a gift for me to be able to do just that.
