 If you aren't turned on by two women making hot, passionate love or if you're under 18, this story is not for you. However, if you are, welcome to my latest tale of girl-girl lust..

[Dedicated to Gayle, Kisha and their deep, wet, tongue-sucking kissing sessions.]

* * * * *

Chapter 1: The Diner

Gayle was driving in her pickup truck, fresh from her afternoon shift as bartender at the local watering hole, the Brew Palace. In this small Texas town, it was the only place for people to relax, play pool, and have a few beers after a long day at work. She was the senior bartender, having been there the longest. More like the "den mother", even though she was only in her early thirties. Country music played softly on the radio as she drove the local highway on her way to the apartment she shared with Jack, her boyfriend of six months. 

Gayle was the "looker" in town. She had full, lush bleach-blonde hair stylishly cut falling below her shoulders and clipped to one side. Her face was extremely sensual, with full, pouting lips coated thoroughly with deep, dark red lipstick, deep green eyes ringed with heavy black eyeliner, high cheekbones--sort of a younger Dyan Cannon look. There was a sensuality that radiated about her. The men at the bar constantly propositioned her, leaving big tips and begging for phone numbers. She was tempted with a number of them, and had used them in the past--regardless of whether they were married or not--but met Jack several months ago and wanted to make the relationship work. Before then, she was "independent" with her voluptuous body and gave it when she was so inspired. Her body was a knockout. Large, full, upright 36 DD breasts, narrow waist, round, firm ass and long, slender but muscular legs.

She worked out regularly, and was proud of her tight body. Her arms were well defined and muscular. She dressed to put her body to full advantage, and used makeup and long, glossy nails as just the right final touch. Tonight she wore a tight black lambskin-leather fringed halter that scooped down and hugged her breasts together to accentuate the cleavage, the full globes straining against the supple leather. Without a bra, her nipples could be seen hardening against the sensuous, tight leather. Her faded jeans accentuated her tight ass, long, slender legs. 

They slung lower on her hips and, with the halter, displayed her hard abs with a small gold belly button ring. They fit her like a second skin, very tight around her asscheeks and cunt and very faded. Her shapely, muscular legs ended in a pair of black leather cowboy boots. Her matching black lambskin leather jacket was on only when she was out of the bar. Her outfit had been carefully chosen to promote the biggest tips of the night, and it was successful at doing that. Her perfume was still strong enough to fill the cab of the pickup. Gold hoop earrings dangled from her ears. Gum snapped noisily in her mouth as she tapped her foot in time with the country tune. Her long, thick tongue would slide out to periodically wet her shiny, sensual lips. She almost enjoyed tasting the flavor of the lipstick for some strange reason. 

Gayle's mind was wandering over her day as she gazed down the two-lane highway. Suddenly, she noticed a figure by the side of the road, standing with a thumb out. As she drew closer, in the setting sun, she realized it was a girl--an interesting figure to be standing alone on the side of the road looking for a ride from a stranger! She instinctively slowed down to take in a better picture of the girl, trying to decide whether to stop or not. There was still enough light to see from a fair distance that this girl was something special. She had long hair that seemed to have a wide blond streak framing her face in the front and light brown hair beyond the blond. 

She wore a short, fringed distressed brown leather jacket, matching distressed brown leather mini-skirt and dark brown leather platform ankle boots. Gayle's immediate impression was that this was a hooker--but she noticed a large nylon duffel bag behind her, so it looked like she was travelling. There wasn't any heavy brush around for a boyfriend to be lurking behind, so it really looked as if she was alone. Gayle made a snap decision to slow down and speak with the girl, if not give her a lift. Oddly, she noticed the thumb and hand being extended was well manicured with very long nails and two gold chains hung around the wrist. She slowed to a stop and put the passenger-side window down. She noticed more details. The girl was actually beautiful, appearing to be in her early twenties, with heavily lipsticked mouth and mascaraed eyes (Gayle's own style), a black tank belly-shirt under the leather jacket and rings on several fingers. The girl smiled broadly, especially seeing the driver was a woman and she approached the open car window.

"Hey, how's it goin'?" Gayle asked.

"Hi, thanks for stoppin', sweetie! Better now, I was hopin' someone would stop before the sun went down tonight. You goin' down the road by any motels? I'm lookin' to sack out for the night." The young girl said as she draped her arms inside the window and leaned on the frame slightly into the truck cab. Her cleavage deepened as her arms crossed and the leather fringe from her jacket splayed out.

"Sure, you need to get out from under the night, sugar. Good thing one of those horny bastards from my bar wasn't drivin' this way before me. You'd have a handful of problems with those ol' boys!" Gayle's brown eyes roved over the girl's full, firm tits under the stretch tank top, then back up to her pretty face. The younger girl's tits were even fuller than Gayle's! Must be 38DD! They looked even bigger due to the girl's slim waist. She looked amazingly like the new singer Gayle had just seen on TV, Christine Aguilera. Those bee-stung lips were the most kissable ones she had ever seen, and Gayle had never really looked at another girl like that before. Her stylish hair did have that two-tone color pattern with a wide light blonde streak at the front and brunette behind (sort of a 1960's look popular with younger girls now), combed all loosely and parted over from the left. It framed cutely around her face and fell to her shoulders. 

The girl's tongue slid slowly out and ran the gold stud along her bee-stung upper lip while she smiled, "Those good ol' boys? How do I know I won't get a wandering hand from you, sweetheart?" Gayle was thrown off by this question. This girl actually seemed to be flirting with her! And that tongue! It was like a long, thick serpent and had a shiny gold stud protruding from its pink wet surface. Gayle had not seen a tongue stud before and was turned on for some reason.

"Oh, uh. I think you'll be okay, hon. I haven't groped another girl in a couple of months." Gayle was proud of her sharp comeback. "Come on, you sweet thing. Get in before I change my mind." But the last give and take had started a strange warm feeling in her pussy for some reason. She decided to ignore it--for now.

"Okay, if you say so." With that, the girl grabbed her bag, threw it in the back of the truck, and climbed in to the bench seat in the pick-up cab. A strong mixed smell of perfume and leather filled the truck. "I'm Trish." The girl held out her hand. Gayle took the hand, again noticing the long, burgundy-painted fingernails. They clasped hands while gazing into each other's eyes. A spark suddenly flew between them. Gayle felt that warmth between her legs again as she felt the moist heat of Trish's hand gripping her own and inhaled the erotic odor coming from the young girl. Trish held Gayle's hand for slightly longer than a normal handshake. Something told her this would be an interesting evening.

Finally, the two girls released each other's hand and the blonde started the truck back on the road again. The movement seemed to break the immediate spell, and they proceeded to chat as they drove. As it turned out, Trish had been travelling with her boyfriend across country from California. When they stopped at a town, she would get a job stripping at a local club to keep the cash flowing. He was your basic low-life hanger-on and they argued on this last drive about him needing to get a job and help earn his keep. At one point, he got angry and told her to get out of the car and make it on her own if she thought she didn't need him. She had gotten out with her bag, thinking he was just mad. But he took off with her standing on the highway and never came back. She was angry at first, but figured that she could get along fine without him, and would make her way toward the East Coast without him. She was lucky she had kept her cash in her bag, so she had enough to get to a motel, strip for a couple of nights, and buy a used car to get back on the road.

"Wow, that's some story, sweetheart. I can't believe he just took off. Men can be real pricks some time, can't they?" Gayle glanced over at Trish, admiring her independence. And her huge tits.

"That's a fact, Gayle. But we can get along without them as long as we need to, ya know? It's not the end of the world. After all, here we are, right? We would never have met without that asshole pulling his shit." Trish looked back at the gorgeous older woman and put a hand on Gayle's bicep and squeezed. The warmth came back to the blonde's crotch when she felt the friendly squeeze. Was it just friendly? Or Gayle's imagination?

"Uh, right, sugar. Uh, hey you hungry for some dinner? It's about that time." Gayle was feeling closer to this girl. 

Suddenly, Trish ran her gripping hand up and down Gayle's bicep through the supple leather sleeve and noticed something. "Hey, girlfriend, you got some nice arms. I bet very strong, nicely cut," the younger girl said in admiration. She continued to feel Gayle's arm through the black leather.

"Yeah, I like to work out. Do it every day." Gayle unconsciously flexed her arm. She liked being admired, especially by a girl ten years younger than her.

Trish reluctantly withdrew her hand from Gayle's arm and said, "Nice, very nice. I like working out too." She smiled at the double meaning, then, to answer the original question, "Sure, I'm hungry. Anyplace close we can stop for a meal?" There was another hunger building within her, and not for food. Without being obvious, the girl raised her hand to her nose and sniffed discreetly to see if she could smell the leather odor on her hand from Gayle's jacket. She could and it began to cause her juices to flow under her skirt. She knew it wouldn't be long before her thong would be drenched. Trish had been checking out the woman who had picked her up. 

The animal attraction Trish was beginning to feel for this older woman was affecting her senses. This was going to be an interesting night. Being a stripper for several years, she had had affairs with a number of incredibly sexy girls. Sometimes just one night stands in the dressing room or a motel room with another stripper after work. With all that sweaty, sexy bi-female skin at a strip club, it was bound to happen. She smiled at the thought and squeezed her thighs together under her incredibly tight leather miniskirt. Memories of sweet, sweaty female flesh under her mouth and hands flooded back to her mind. Late nights of girl-girl groping in the back of small, cramped dressing rooms. Make out sessions in the dark corners of strip clubs with hot, sexy big-titted strippers.

As they drove to a diner, Trish had a thought. "Hey, you have any more gum?" She looked over at the sexy blonde.

"No, sorry, last piece." Gayle pointed to her mouth.

"Well, how about sharing?" Trish asked, her eyes focusing on those luscious full lips.

"Oh, uh, okay, I guess so," Gayle stammered as she began to reach up to her mouth.

"Hold on, just stick out half." Trish moved closer to Gayle as she drove.

"Uh, oh, sure. If you want." Gayle was heating up as it became apparent what Trish had in mind for sharing gum. She pushed half the gum out past her lips, with half of the saliva-coated, chewed pink substance waiting for Trish to make her move. Gayle was becoming confused, but just followed the younger girl's request.

Trish turned and leaned her face toward Gayle's. Gayle slightly turned hers, keeping her eyes on the road. Trish focused her eyes on the chewed, shiny gum sticking out from between Gayle's glossy girl-lips. As she approached the gum, she noticed a hint of bright red lipstick that had rubbed off on it. It was the older woman's lipstick, and Trish was getting ready to taste it. She opened her own burgundy-painted bee-stung lips and closed the distance between their faces. She wrapped her lips around the gum, pressed lightly into Gayle's lips, mashing their soft mouths slightly and bit down on the soft substance. Getting closer to Gayle's face gave her the chance to smell her perfume even more.

"Mmmmmmm, thanks." Trish said as she withdrew with the pre-chewed piece of gum in her mouth. She smiled at Gayle as she tasted the slight trace of lipstick. But she was charged knowing she was also tasting the older woman's saliva and that she had something in her mouth that had just been chewed in the other girl's. "Good." It was a discreet first chance to swap spit.

Gayle at this point was increasingly confused. She had never really had any feelings of this sort about another woman, let alone share gum with one. But it was strangely erotic. She licked her lips and could taste just a bit of Trish's burgundy lipstick on her own mouth. She turned her face to the girl, "Glad you like it. I'll get some more for later." When the words were out of her mouth, she realized the double meaning. Gayle noticed the tight thighs under Trish's very distressed, supple brown leather miniskirt, and the tits jutting out from her stretch tank top under the matching fringed jacket. 

"Oh, good. I love gum, sweetie." Trish was reveling in the first taste of the blonde's mouth juices. She smiled seductively and hoped she made her point. This was going to be fun. A new girlfriend. She raised her hand to her nose again to smell the trace of leather odor from Gayle's jacket. Meanwhile, Gayle was watching the road, her mind racing, her cunt beginning to juice, her nipples hardening. This was very new for her. Guys were always coming on to her. She had her pick. But this was a young, sexy girl, with bigger tits than hers--and she was getting hot just being in the same car with her. What did this mean?

The diner Gayle knew of loomed up on the right. It was a place she ate at from time to time, and usually pretty crowded at mealtime. The parking lot was packed, so she found a spot for the truck on the far corner. By the this time, the two girls were famished. For one thing or another. They got out of the truck and strolled into the diner together. Almost every male head in the place craned to see the older sexy blonde with the big tits in the tight faded jeans, boots, and black leather jacket with the younger busty babe with the bigger tits, tight faded brown leather miniskirt and fringed jacket. They were a couple that made everyone take note--including a few women.

They both enjoyed the attention as they were shown to their table in the back of the crowded diner. Trish made a production of removing her fringed leather jacket and throwing it on the bench seat beside her in the booth. Gayle did the same, but with her eyes on the two huge, hard-nippled tits bursting from beneath the tight black stretch short tank top. She noticed that Trish also had a gold ring in her pouting belly button, jutting out just above the waist of the leather miniskirt. There were also tattoos on her arm of a lightening bolt, one on the side of her neck of a coiled snake, and a small one on her left breast of a pair of ruby-red lipsticked lips. Quite a work of trashy art, this girl was. It added to her sensuality. As they sat across from each other, Gayle noticed Trish gazing at her own huge tits, pressing out from the black leather fringed halter top.

"Hey, that's a cool halter. I like that. Especially the leather." Trish breathed to Gayle. "Let me borrow it sometime to wear, if I hang around, would you?" The young girl felt added heat imagining wearing the black leather halter that was currently caressing the breasts of her new girlfriend.

"Sure, but you look pretty hot yourself, sugar. As a matter of fact--" but Gayle was cut off when the waitress came over.

"Hi, Gayle. You takin' dinner tonight with your friend?" A pretty girl in her late twenties in a starched white blouse and tight short black skirt pulled up to the table with her pad. Her dark brown hair had frosted highlights, pulled back in a ponytail. Her body was toned, with C-cup breasts that swelled out against the white blouse buttoned to just above her cleavage. A nametag identifying her as "Sue Anne" was pinned to her chest. Her face was very pretty, with almost as much makeup as Gayle wore, but with blue eyes and pale pink lipstick glossing her sensuous mouth. She was snapping gum with her very bright white teeth. She knew Gayle from both eating at the diner with Jack occasionally and drinking with her husband at the Brew Palace. Most people knew each other from the Brew Palace.

"Hey, Sue Anne, how's it goin'?" Gayle broke her eyes away from Trish's tits and looked up at the brunette.

"Same ol', same ol', sugar. Who's your friend? Don't think I've seen her 'round?" Sue Anne eyed the very busty young girl.

"Oh, this here's Trish. She's new in town. May start workin' over at The Big Eye for a while." The Big Eye was the local strip club in town. She assumed Trish would want to hang around and get her cash back up again. Trish smiled up at Sue Anne, but the brunette wasn't immediately friendly to the stranger.

"Oh yeah? Really, now?" Sue Anne said suspiciously.

"Now, Sue Anne, don't you go worryin' that Trish'll be stealin' Bobby from ya. That ol' boy is too busy fixin' cars to be eyein' Trish at the titty bar." Gayle smiled.

Sue Anne laughed, "Yeah, guess your right, Gayle. I just keep him busy so he don't get to blow his paycheck at the Eye." The ice seemed to be broken.

"Yeah, and, besides, why would he stray from such a pretty little thing like you, Sue Anne." Trish chimed in, her eyes locking with the waitress's. "I don't go for married men now, just married women." With that Trish giggled.

"Oh, uh, yeah, sure thing." Sue Anne didn't know quite how to respond to that, so she added, "Well, what can I get for you ladies?"

Gayle got the feeling Trish wasn't joking, given their conversation in the car and the gum sharing. Had that classified as a kiss? Had she actually kissed another girl? Snap out of it, girl...... She and Trish ordered and got into small talk. She was feeling the heat rise from her cunt, and she needed to cool herself down.

The two girls got to know each other, shared their life stories, and ate their dinners. Sue Anne came and went several times, bantered a bit, and then brought their coffee. As they had been talking, Trish's booted foot had grazed Gayle's a few times. To Gayle, it seemed as if it was becoming intentional. Finally, with the last graze, Trish's high heel platform ankle boot remained pressed next to Gayle's cowboy boot. The heat began to rise again, starting with the two feet pressed against one another. Nothing could be seen by anyone else, but the girls knew their feet were pressed lightly together. What that would mean, who would know?

Finally, Sue Anne brought their coffee. "Hey, I think I'm gonna take my coffee next to you, so we can whisper secrets." Trish suddenly declared. She got up, not waiting for Gayle's permission to switch seats, pulled the coffee around and moved next to the older blonde woman. More than one diner noticed the change of booth seating, but more to stare at the bouncing tits beneath the tight tank top.
