 If you aren't turned on by two women making hot, passionate love or if you're under 18, this story is not for you. However, if you are, welcome to my latest tale of girl-girl lust..

[Dedicated to Gayle, Kisha and more of their deep, wet, tongue-sucking kissing sessions.]

* * * * *

The truck was speeding down Route 6 toward the motel. With all the sex-play in the diner parking lot, both Gayle and Trish were over-heated and ready to continue as soon as they got to a room. Since Trish hadn't come yet, she was feeling the burn even more. But the body language during the drive from the diner was a lot different than it had been to it. Now that their relationship had quickly grown physical, hands massaged sweaty thighs, tits and cunts, breathing was heavy, and hearts beat faster in anticipation of the hot action about to happen between them. Trish splayed her manicured fingers over Gayle's right breast and massaged the nipple to hardness. She felt the supple leather of Gayle's black halter-top covering her full chest. The young stripper stimulated the sexy older woman's tit with her long nails scraping the leather-covered nipple. Then alternated with soft massaging of the full globe. She was sitting next to the blonde on the truck's bench seat and even leaned over and slid her long, wet tongue into Gayle's ear. Breathing her hot, moist breath into it while laving the shell with her mouth muscle. 

"Oh, baby. That feels so good, we need to get a room quick before I burst again." Gayle sighed. Even though she had come just a few minutes ago, thanks to her new girl-lover, she was ready to go again thanks to Trish's attention. Gayle reached over and between the stripper's thighs and dipped her hand up under the brown leather miniskirt. She found a soaked thong covering the girl's dripping cunt. Gayle was amazed at how quickly she was taking to this new girl-girl passion. Not a few hours ago, she was on her way to her apartment and her boyfriend after work at the bar. Now, she had already lip-locked ferociously with this sexy female hitchhiker, let the girl bring her to orgasm in the parking lot of the local diner, and was on her way to get a motel room with her. How things could change when passions flew. She busily fingered Tricia's cunt through the drenched thong.

"Gayle, lover, oh, wow, that feels so hot. You are so hot, girl. Oh, shit, I can't wait to get you under the sheets. I just love your tits. I can't wait to suck those hard nips. Are we there yet, baby?" Trish was almost ready to come just from Gayle's long-nailed hand.

"We're almost there, sugar. Almost there. I'll stop 'til we get to the room." She withdrew her hand, but brought her fingers to her nose to smell the pungent aroma of Trish's cunt juice. She even licked the sticky fluid to taste the musky essence. How quickly she learned.

"Oh, gawd, baby. Let me taste." Trish grabbed Gayle's fingers and popped them hungrily into her mouth as the blonde drove with one hand on the wheel. She savored the mixed taste of her own juice and Gayle's saliva. 

"Here we are." Gayle said in relief as they pulled into the motel parking lot. The light was on in the office. She turned to the young girl sitting next to her with the blonde streak in the brown hair framing her face. The busty older woman looked at the girl's large brown eyes and full lips, slightly smeared with her own pussy juice. The erotic odor of leather, sweat, perfume and cunt filled the small truck cab. Gayle wished she could bottle that smell and keep it with her always. The sexy younger girl with the huge tits was still sitting close up to her on the bench seat. The closeness was intimate, intoxicating, hot. "Are you ready, sugar?"

"Oh, Gayle, I've been ready for you for a long time, sweetie." Trish's left arm had already been around the woman's shoulder as she drove. Now, the girl just seemed to melt forward into the woman's arms and her face drew close to Gayle's. Her warm breath smelled of peppermints and pussy. "Are you ready for me?" The two beautiful girls gazed into each other's eyes. This was a big move for Gayle, checking into the local motel with another woman.

Gayle shifted her gaze from those big eyes to the full, pouting lips so close to her own. "I can't believe this, Trish, but I am. I can't believe this has all happened so fast, but I am--so much. I want you more than I can say." With that, Gayle closed the distance between their faces and the two pairs of painted girl-lips mashed together. They quickly opened wide and long, serpentine tongues dueled within. They swapped each other's tongues and saliva in a passionate kiss. Fresh lipstick smeared again as this was not just a kiss of a quick one-night stand. This was the passion of a new emotional and physical relationship. They groaned into each other's mouths. Hands clutched the back of each other's hair to pull closer. 

Finally, Gayle broke the kiss. "Let's go, Trish, before we spend the whole night here in the parking lot. I'll get the room."

With reluctance, Trish moved away from her new girl-lover's luscious body and got the door. They jumped down from the truck and steadied themselves. Their legs were still weak from passion. They looked at each other and giggled when they realized their lipstick was smeared again. The girls held hands romantically as they walked across the lot to the office. Their leather jackets creaked as their arms rubbed against each other. 

Gayle thought. How was she going to do this? Would she know the clerk at the desk? Here were two voluptuous big-titted women looking ready to fuck in their leather and jeans, obvious with the smeared lipstick what they had been doing. And they were both gorgeous, not as if they'd blend into the scenery. They knew they were knockouts. Now they were walking hand-in-hand into the motel office to rent a room. Not too subtle. How would she handle this? She squeezed her interlaced fingers around Trish's, almost for support and reaffirmation. Trish squeezed back.

Gayle opened the door to the office. She knew the young man there. It was Cliff, who was at the bar from time to time. Not a great tipper. Shit! His eyes grew wide as he looked up at Gayle, then Trish, up and down Trish's body, eyes growing wider, then at their joined hands, then back at Gayle again.

"Hey... Gayle? Hey, Gayle. Gayle? How are you? What, ah, what can I do for you little ladies?" Cliff stuttered, unsure of the situation. He stared at the two sexy girls standing in front of him, as a vision in the night. The older thirtyish sexy blonde with the big tits in the tight faded jeans, black cowboy boots, black leather fringed halter top squeezing deep cleavage between those full tits and flashy black leather jacket with the younger busty babe with the bigger tits, ultra-tight faded brown leather miniskirt, matching fringed leather jacket and "fuck-me" brown ankle boots. They had been holding hands when they came in, but now the younger one twined her brown-leathered arm around Gayle's black-leathered arm possessively, clutching the older girl's biceps. Their hair was not exactly in place, and their incredibly full lipstick mouths were smeared slightly. And what was that? Just under Gayle's ear, by her neck, was the clear burgundy imprint of a pair of female lips. And that younger girl was wearing that color! The pieces to the puzzle began to form a picture. Once that picture grew in his mind, so did the hard-on he rapidly experienced. "Hey, Gayle. Watch gals know tonight?"

The younger busty girl giggled. "Oh, a hell of a lot more than we did a few hours ago, cowboy!" She giggled again and squeezed Gayle's arm. Gayle grinned awkwardly. Trish wasn't making this easy for her.

"Hey, Cliff. Just out for alittle partying'. Had alittle to drink, so thought we'd get a room for the night instead of driven' home." That was the best line Gayle could think of to limit the damage, if that was possible at this point. Cliff wasn't a brain surgeon, so the best way to do this was quick and to the point. "Got one ready?" She hoped her grin looked natural. 

"Ah, yep. Double beds or single king?" He asked this automatically, but realized what he was implying too late. The heat was affecting his thinking. He rose from his chair stiffly. He tried to grin back, but the fantasy in front of him made it half-hearted.

"We'll take a king," Gayle replied, keeping her cool. She tossed the credit card she had fished from her pocket on the counter.

"King? Oh, uh, yeah, okay. Huh. Yep, I guess you can have the one around the corner. Kind of away from the road noise, by the pool. King, yeah, okay." His upper head was on automatic pilot while his lower head had taken control. He ran the card, fished a key from the drawer, and handed it to Gayle. A last, dying thought from his upper brain, "Uh, you gals need me to get anything for ya, bring it by the room? Beer? Snacks?"

"No, Cliff. Thanks anyway. Just some privacy, okay?" Gayle said firmly. She knew Cliff's type from the bar every night.

"Yeah, Cliff. We've got everything we need. Right, sugar?" Trish giggled again and slid her hand down to squeeze her girlfriend's tightly leaned ass cheek. It was sudden and Gayle couldn't believe how tough Trish was making this. But it also hardened her nipples again, so she smiled, turned and led the girl out of the office to the night air. Leaving a stunned Cliff behind the counter.

"Well, that was fun, you nasty little girl." Gayle whispered to her girl-lover as she put her arm around Trish's shoulders. Trish wrapped her arm in turn around the older woman's narrow waist and clutched her hip. 

"Fuck it, baby. Who the hell is he, anyhow? We got some sexy girl-wrestling' to do anyhow, right?" Trish was heating up again quickly, feeling her girlfriend's thigh and ass. She needed to come badly.

"Oh, yeah, you sweet thing," Gayle squeezed the soft brown-leathered shoulder and drew Trish in under her arm possessively. That was her old life, this seemed to becoming her new. And her cunt was starting to juice again. The two girls, arms wrapped romantically around each other, walked around the corner to the room that was theirs. The hell with Cliff and those bar guys.

Gayle unlocked the door and almost walked in. Trish stopped her. "Hey, this is our first bedroom together, Gayle. How about carrying me across the threshold?" Trish smiled at her girl-lover. "How 'bout it? Let's make this special."

"Oh, uh... hey, yeah, why not?" The idea began to quickly appeal to Gayle's romantic instincts and her smile grew with pleasure. "Okay, sugar, I like that idea. Our first night together."

Gayle drew the busty young stripper in closer to her. Their breasts touched roughly through the tight tops, nipple to hard nipple. They gazed hotly at each other. Suddenly the muscular older woman reached down and, with her arm under her legs, lifted the girl in her arms. Trish's breath was taken away by the sudden demonstration of strength from this gorgeous, sexy blonde. Gayle lifted Trish easily in her arms and drew her into her large breasts. Trish placed her hands on Gayle's taught biceps and held them through the supple black leather of her jacket, feeling the muscles bulging. She dug her long glossy nails into the soft kidskin leather and drew her face in to meet the blonde's. They clinched tightly and indulged in a deep, wet, open-mouthed kiss. Trish's senses burned with the sudden erotic power that Gayle held over her. She reveled in giving herself to this strong, sexy blonde and allowed the woman to carry her into the motel room, all the while sucking on each other's tongues.

Gayle stood in the dark motel room, lifting the gorgeous girl in her arms, her arm muscles bulging, thanks to her workouts. They moaned into each other's mouths. The sounds of female tongues slurping and their leather jackets creaking against each other were the only ones in the silence of the room. 

Trish suddenly broke the wet kiss and gazed into Gayle's smoldering, lust-filled eyes. "I hope this is the first of many nights in a bedroom together for us, baby," she breathed sweetly into the blonde's face, "the first of many nights for us." Gayle smiled at the sudden vulnerability in this tough little stripper. It was a magic moment between them that needed no response, other than the one she gave. With a groan, their faces came together again. Trish wrapped her arms tightly around Gayle's neck, bringing them even closer together in their passion. The two women mashed mouths, French-kissing deeply, wetly, soulfully.

With a sigh, Gayle reluctantly broke the kiss and gently laid her girl-lover on the king bed. As Trish was licking Gayle's saliva from her lips, the woman turned on a small light in the corner and closed and double locked the door. This was going to be their little world tonight. She turned back to Trish and gazed at her lustfully. She wanted the girl more than she could admit.

Trish returned the gaze with equal heat, then smiled, "Hey, I got a great idea, you sexy thing. Didn't Cliff say we have a pool behind us?"

"Yeah, why?" This was a strange question when they were about to attack each other.

"I got a great idea, baby. I think we can get to it through the back door. Don't take anything off. Come with me. I always wanted to do this. This is gonna be hot, trust me!" Trish got up from the bed, took the confused woman's hand and led her out by the pool. "Oh, great, no one here!" Trish whispered as she looked around in the semi-darkness by the pool. "This is gonna be great. Just follow me. Don't worry 'bout clothes, keep 'em on!"

Gayle looked around in puzzlement, not sure of what was coming next. But she trusted her new girl-lover, even though they hadn't known each other very long. Somehow she knew there would be some fierce orgasms coming very soon. And, following slightly behind Trish, she was eyeing the stripper's tight, leather-covered ass cheeks. She was salivating at the thought of burying her nose between those young globes right into the girl's rectum. What a slut she had become in such a short time! Trish guided her to the edge of the pool, by the steps down into the heated water.

Trish drew closer to the steps, but Gayle resisted. "Hey, what are you doing? If you want to go in, what about our clothes? I'll strip mine off."

"No, baby. This is half the fun!" Trish giggled. "All our stuff will dry by morning. I've always wanted to do this. Watch!" With that, Trish released Gayle's hand and stepped down into the pool, fully clothed, step by step. Gayle watched in amazement, but evolving into erotic curiosity. Trish was loving the feeling of the water running down to her toes inside her ankle boots, and of the wet leather skirt on her thighs. She proceeded to soak her top and leather jacket, reveling in the heavy wetness of the jacket and boots. She turned to the woman standing by the pool and locked eyes with her. Trish brought her hands up to her full breasts, now thoroughly wet behind the soaked fabric of her tight top, and massaged the globes. "If you want some of this, baby, you need to come on in. Come on, Gayle. It's warm and about to get warmer."

Gayle watched the young girl's clothes become saturated, leather and all. She had an overwhelming urge to feel that wet body against her own, to feel it all over. She smiled. "Well, get ready, girlfriend. You better make this worth it!"

"Oh, don't worry about that, you hot bitch. Just come on over to me...." Trish took a mouthful of water and spit it down over her huge tits, then fluttered her tongue and the beautiful woman about to join her.

Gayle stepped down the stairs into the water. The feeling was oddly erotic with each step, as the warm water began filled her black leather cowboy boots, ran up the legs of her faded jeans and around her tight ass, engulfing her cunt and ass all at once in a liquid warmth. As she moved further toward Trish, the water rose to her tight black lambskin-leather fringed halter that scooped down and hugged her breasts, the full globes straining against the now wet, but still supple leather. Her nipples were hardening against the sensuous, tight, wet leather. Her hard as with the small gold belly button ring undulated in reaction to the water. Her clothes had been tight before, but, with the warm water, they began gripping each curve and crevice. And Trish's eyes didn't miss an inch. It was all she could do not to jump the woman right there. 

Gayle loved the feeling of the water travelling higher and higher, and savored the moment. She checked the feel of her skin-tight stonewashed jeans as she immersed herself fully clothed in the pool. After reveling in her wet gear, she locked eyes again with Trish, who was waiting for her against the wall of the pool, up to her tits in the water.

As the wet leather and jeans clung to their bodies like second skins, the two girls swam the short distance to each other. As their bodies merged into one, Trish floated up and wrapped her legs around Gayle's body. Her arms clutched the beautiful blonde to her chest, mashing slick, wet tits together. Gayle allowed the momentum of her motion to carry her and Trish to the wall of the pool. The erotic sensation was heightened by the unusual sensation of wet leather, jeans and stretch material that hardened the rubbing nipples and leaked down between their legs. Their eyes were riveted on each other's faces, hooded almost into slits. The erotic heat almost boiled the water around them. The leather fringe around Gayle's halter tank top floated up between their huge, tight, mashing tits. It seemed as if the water was a conductor for the electricity between them, hitting each girl in their hardening nipples, between their legs to their rapidly juicing cunts and rising clits, making their skin crawl with lust. Their breathing came heavier and heavier, washing each other's faces in that special, intimate odor of female saliva and perfume.

As they slowly ground their bodies together, bobbing in the water, Gayle never wanted to kiss someone--anyone--as much as this gorgeous stripper. And Trish knew it, feeling the same. "Hey, Gayle-baby, how do you like getting' wet with me? Good idea?" Her lips were only inches from the older woman who had her in a bear hug. She continued to clamp her legs harder around Gayle's hips, her soaking leather miniskirt sliding up her own hips.

"Oh, sugar, this is incredible.... I can't believe this! I love it! So nice, so nice and sexy.... You are sooooo hot, baby. Let me feel how hot you are......" With that, not taking her eyes from Trish's, she reached down between them, sliding her hand in and under the girl's short skirt. She raked her nails up those taught girl-thighs all the way to the thong-covered cunt. Even with the water undulating between them, she could feel the special, gel-like slickness of Trish's pussy juice. It was leaking out into the water and down her thighs. She pulled aside the thong with no trouble, and found those shaved cunt lips. She rubbed the hard ball-like clit, scraping it with her long nail.

"OOOOOhhhhhhh, Gayle. Gayle.... Mmmmm...." Trish's eyes slitted, her thick tongue emerged from her mouth and licked her lips. Gayle saw the glint of the gold tongue-stud as it protruded from her mouth-muscle. "Oh, Gayle... do me... I need you! Do me, baby....! Finger fuck me, I need to come on your hand..... bring me off, baby.....!" Her voice was a whisper of intimacy just between the two girl-lovers. The breath came quicker. Gayle felt Trish's lust through her own body, heightening her own. She slipped her slender forefinger between the cunt lips, feeling the incredible heat as they clamped tightly around her. She slipped several more into the crevice between this beautiful woman's legs. Suddenly she was flooded with the desire to rip orgasm after orgasm from this sexy young girl. 
