 (Chapter 5)

The Butt-Smacker Sweet

Vsem privet. Or basically Hello everyone. I have been taking some lessons in learning Russian off Sasha. I think it is coming along quite well, although Sasha says I sound detskiy, although she hasn't told me what that means. So no idea if that is good or bad. Anyway to practice I will be using a few Russian words here and there, I will add a translation where needed just so you don't miss out on anything. Things have been a little hectic here, and I have had very little time to keep up with my chapters. Firstly, I got a temporary job with an agency doing some data inputting. Not exactly my dream job, but it is a step forward, and I don't want to rely on Sasha's money (or should that be Sasha's Uncle's money), plus I have an independent streak as wide as the Channel, so needs must unfortunately. I have put a bit of time to one side to keep you all updated on our adventures.

Now at the end of the last chapter, Sasha was driving around while I was in a disadvantaged state. Needless to say, she had a lot of fun tormenting me until had to beg her and promise to do what ever she asked when we got to her house, just to get her to stop teasing me.

I suppose karma had its way though, because as she was helping me out of the car, her 'borrowed' dress split up the rear exposing her bare behind to the world. Needless to say, she screeched and ran inside the house. Which I thought was really funny right up to the point I realised, it did leave me with my hands still tied, wearing just the blanket (which was doing its best to fall off), to negotiate getting from the car to the safety of her house. It wasn't until much later that I realised the only item of clothing I had at Sasha's, was that particular dress, but I will get to that shortly. I did manage to get to the door with the blanket still on (by holding it with my teeth), and my dignity intact, (well as close to intact as it could be wearing just a blanket with my hands tied with my own panties and still buzzing from several very close climaxes). Sasha had thankfully left the door open so I scooted inside and kicked the door closed, and I know this will sound far to clichéd to be true, but honestly my blanket got stuck in the door and I was left to run up the stairs bare ass naked.

I do swear it was going to happen, that one day her uncle would be home while we were running about nude.

So on with this chapter. It takes place the day after the adventure at the park. We had got out of bed, had awesome steamy shower sex, (did I mention that was one of my favourite pastimes) then wrapped in just bathrobes eaten breakfast. As neither of us had anything pressing to do, we decided we would review the photos from the day before. Sasha took up position on her bed and I nestled in between her lovely thighs and leaned back against her chest, so she could look over my shoulder. I plugged my camera's memory card in to my laptop and we browsed through the pictures.

Now I don't want to brag, but the ones I took of Sash were actually very good quality. Almost professional in fact. I suppose it helped that Sasha was a natural model, and I had taken most of the pictures in very tasteful poses. I swear she whimpered several times. Then we got to the pictures of me that Sasha had taken and the results weren't quite as good.

"You are all blurry." Sasha stated, almost like it was my fault.

"I don't think you focused correctly honey." I told her politely. To be completely honest I was a little relieved. I know I don't have the most attractive body in the world, especially compared with Sash, so a bunch of blurred images that could have been anyone was a bit of a relief.

"Focused?"

"Yes baby." I explained. "When you look through the viewfinder you have to focus the image."

"Ah. Bespoleznyy durak." She said with an unhappy sigh. "Can we go and take more?"

I guess it was fairly easy, letting Sasha undress me the day before, when I was crazily turned on, but sitting here, I wasn't quite as brave. I also didn't want to hurt Sasha's feelings, so I decided a little white lie was called for.

"Of course we can baby." I told her. "Maybe not today, but we will do it again."

"We will plan something." Sasha agreed happily, then slipped her hands under the folds of my bathrobe.

While I lay back and let Sasha's hands explore my body a little I flicked back through the pictures. The mixture of her touching and me remembering just how sexy she had looked was really doing a trick on me.

"Little Kitty is getting stubble." Sasha commented as her hand stroked the skin around my little wet mound. "Would you like me to shave you again?"

I am fairly sure my head spun for about ten minutes at that offer. The memory of our first time together was still very strong in my mind.

"That would be very nice." I gasped as she flicked my nub. I have tried to keep myself nice and smooth, but shaving your private areas is not an easy feat. Especially when you are worried about cutting yourself and can't see without glasses. They tend to steam up in the bathroom. I hurriedly turned off my laptop and placed it on one side, hoping Sasha would do a repeat of my first shave.

"Would you like a very special treat my horny little Kitty?" Sasha asked as she ran her tongue across the skin of my neck and flicked my earlobe.

My hands gripped her thighs as I felt a shudder run down my spine. It never ceases to amaze me at just how solid her thighs are. It's like gripping a partly defrosted leg of lamb. Slightly soft on the very outside, but rock hard just underneath. Not that I make a habit of squeezing joints of lamb while they are defrosting mind, but I'm sure you get the picture.

"Oh a special treat would be very welcome." I murmured as I wiggled my bottom against her juncture.

"Then I will give you very special Russian shave." Sasha told me, her voice a little husky from the arousal I was giving her.

Now, at this point I had no idea what a Russian shave was, but I was looking forward to it. Especially if it got my skin as silky smooth as hers.

We stood from the bed and Sasha positioned me in front of the overly large mirror on her bedroom wall. She crossed over to her chest of draws, which incidentally is about the size of my bedroom, and withdrew a black scarf. I felt a warm flush down below as my fluids began to seep out in anticipation. There is a real needy part of me that wanted to reach that amazing high I touched on that very first time Sasha made me climax. I just have to think about it and I get hot and steamy over it. I was really hoping this was going to be like that.

Sasha stepped behind me and wrapped the scarf around my eyes, blocking out everything as she tied it snugly, and I felt my knees go a little weak as her fingers briefly touched my neck. Sasha's arms wrapped around me and gently hugged me to her and I smiled like the horny little cat I felt like. I think I even managed a small purr as she undid the belt on the bathrobe and slipped it off my shoulders.

"I like Kitty Kat when she is sexy." Sasha whispered in my ear as she cupped my little breasts and pinched my nipples.

I managed a small moan in response.

"First we need to keep hands out of the way." Sasha instructed, as she moved my hands behind my back. I felt something soft wrap around my wrists. By the touch I guessed it was the belt off either mine or her robe. With my hands secured behind me I flicked my fingers up and brushed her warm spot.

"Naughty Kat." Sasha scolded softly. Although she didn't hurry to move away, and let me spend a few minutes teasing her.

I could just feel her getting aroused when she stepped out of reach. "Later my sex Kat." She said breathing heavily. "I want to take care of you first."

Soft hands touched my shoulders and slowly guided me from where I was stood. I my mind I pictured where she walked me and I wasn't surprised when my feet crossed from soft carpet to the hard floor tiles of her bathroom. We halted, and Sashed turned me around and carefully sat me down.

I am going to guess you haven't seen the inside of Sasha's bathroom. Well I hope you haven't anyway. Especially while we have been in there. But her shower is huge, and it has a bench like seat built in to one wall that is tiled like the floor and walls. The idea being you can sit while washing, which is really useful when you aren't as supple as Sasha is. Okay I digress again, so as I sat down the tiles were more than a little cold against my behind and I squealed a little, but that same chill had a very queer effect on my arousal, and I felt another hot stirring.

"Stay still my Kitty Kat." Sasha whispered again as she gave my nipples another slight tweak.

While it wasn't cold in Sasha's bathroom, I did give a little shiver, mainly due to the chilly feeling that was clashing with the heat in my insides. Being blindfolded I felt a little odd, sort of nervous, as I couldn't see what was happening, but also a little relaxed as I couldn't see how ridiculous I looked.

The next thing I knew was Sasha's hands on my thighs, as she opened my legs wider. Actually She opened them about a far apart as they would go. Honestly, I was worried that she would do me an injury or something, as it was I could really feel the stress on the muscles in my thighs. When I tried to close them however, I found her body nestled in between them, keeping them wide open. While I felt vulnerable in her car, I felt very exposed and defenceless in this position. Then her hands cupped my bottom and gently moved me to the edge of the seat and when my wet little opening brushed against her bare skin, and all rational thought vanished.

"My little Kitty Kat looks very cute." Sasha told me softly, and I felt her warm mouth close around my nipple. I moaned quietly as her tongue ran circles around my breast, suckling my nipple in to a painfully hard tip.

"Are you ready for your special Russian shave Kat?" Sasha asked huskily. I would swear I heard her licking her lips.

Not trusting my voice, I managed a shallow nod.

Something warm brushed against my skin. It felt silky smooth and enticing as it ran around the outside of my labia. I hadn't got a clue what she was doing down there, but it wasn't like anything I had experienced before. Whatever she put on me, cooled quickly and I felt my skin tighten up, making me feel rather odd, but still amazingly turned on.

"Deep breath." Sasha instructed.

I managed to get a half breath then squealed as I felt a soft mass edge in to my pussy. At least I knew what this was, I had used it on Sasha a few nights before. It was her vibrator, a long rubber device that had more settings than I could count. I had managed to get it buried nearly all the way inside her when I was feeling particularly dominant and she had writhed like an eel while she came. She had never used it on me before, as I was a little fearful of its size and power. As it was I could feel it forcing me wider and wider, until I was sure I was going to split at the seams.

Thankfully, she had used a decent amount of lubrication, and I was very wet by then, so it did eventually slip in, and I felt my entire body quiver at the feeling of the mammoth toy deep inside me.

"How does that feel Kitty Kat?" Sasha asked, purring quietly.

After a small gulp I managed to squeak. "Big."

Sasha giggled, which really annoyed me. "You only have half in you."

Now there is something about me you may not have realised yet. I am immensely competitive. If someone beats me gaming, I will go all out to kick their ass in return. So in my defence, it was more my ego then my intelligence that answered. "Why don't you put the rest in then."

Now I don't know if Sasha realised I was being extra stupid, or she was just very gentle, but I felt the vibrator slowly edge inside me. When I thought it was fully in it just kept going and going, to the point I would have sworn it was about three feet long. Either way I was close to crying out for her to stop when the forward pressure stopped. I was breathing very hard by then, and straining slightly against how I was being held. I just knew I had never felt so full to bursting as I was right then.

And then she turned it on.

It began with a sort of rippling motion, that set off right near the outside on my pussy and rolled in a sort of wave towards the tip. The effect was rather surprising and fairly amazing, as each wave carried on through my body travelling up my spine and setting off a small bunch of explosions in my head. Then it began to vibrate fairly harshly at the crest of each wave. I could feel the roll work its way up the shaft then the tip would buzz madly for a second or so, then stop ready for the next wave to roll in.

When you take in to account, I had zero idea of just how this thing worked, and I had got Sasha to go out of her mind with it, the thought of what it was going to be like for me, in the hands of an experienced wielder who knew the settings by heart, was fairly mind blowing.

I think it went along the lines of me moaning softly as the wave began, then ended with a high shriek when it buzzed, only to fade away again as the buzzing stopped. I could vaguely hear Sasha giggle with every squeak I made. That was until she began to work on my nipples again, softly licking them and drawing on each nipple until they ached. As her mouth moved over to the other one, her hand caressed the breast she had just left, making sure my nipples stayed hard and tight.

Just about every climax I have had with Sasha, had come on me fairly fast, and I hadn't really felt the beginnings of what it was like. This one was an exception. At first I mistook it for the vibrator buzzing longer than previous, but after a few times I realised it was me buzzing. It was like my G-spot was vibrating in time, and it was getting more and more frequent.

I clenched my thighs and pelvic floor muscles trying to fight the feeling that was welling inside me. I think I finally understood what they meant by surfing a climax, as I felt a storm surge sweep me off my feet and carry me screaming off out to sea.

Next stop Europe. Brexit or not.

Of course Sasha was there to help. She turned the vibrator up more and pinned my legs wide open as I tried to buck out from under her.

I think I screamed Bonnie Tyler's name, as I finally peaked in my climaxing. That was when Sasha provided the 'Special Russian Shave' by ripping off the wax she had painted all round my pussy earlier. Between the pain of the waxing, and the endorphin high of the climax, I came, then again and again. I couldn't control it at all. Sasha had turned me in to a human shaped cum machine, that just squirted whenever she touched the vibrator, which I believe she only got up to about half speed by the time I passed out.

Needless to say, when I finally came down we were both covered in my cum and we had to shower again, at which point I finished off what I started on Sasha earlier, and let my tongue and fingers bring her to the edge three or four times, before I finally made her climax. That was a little trick I was really getting the hang of.

After the shower, we rubbed each other down with towels, being careful not to touch anywhere that could cause arousal, which is harder than you think, until we were both dry.

It was only then, when I came to get dressed I realised that the dress Sasha had been wearing the day before had been my only item of clothing (see I did say shortly).

"Erm, Sash." I said nervously. "I haven't got anything to wear."

Sasha was just fastening a short black skirt around her waist. Her top half was covered by a white lace bra and she had a white blouse on the was unbuttoned at the front. She paused in her dressing to look at me, standing there with a towel wrapped around my body.

"You want me to drive over to your house and get you more clothing?" She asked in a tone that spoke that she would enjoy it more if went with her as I was.

As it was I jumped I on her suggestion. "Oh that would be great. Thank you." The thought of having to wait in her room with no clothing was far more appealing than travelling across town in a reverse of yesterday. I picked up my camera bag, which was where I had left my keys, and went to open the side pocket.

I froze. The zipper was already open, and my keys weren't there.

"Crap, crap, crap." I swore. Which was unusual for me to swear that much, but it was a very special occasion. "My keys have fallen out of my bag. They must be at the park."

I don't know if you have ever been in a situation like this, but you don't tend to think rationally. Even if someone had picked up my keys, they couldn't possibly know where I lived, but that wasn't figuring at that point in time, all I could visualise was someone going to my house and emptying the place of all my worldly possessions. I handled this in typical adult fashion.

I began to cry.

Well it was typical adult fashion for me.

Of course Sasha was straight over to me, wrapping her arms around me and telling me everything would be ok.

"We go get your keys now." She stated, with that tone of voice that said she would be feeding polonium to anyone who so much as laid a finger on my stuff.

It is funny how the mind works. One second I was blubbing like a child with a dropped ice cream, the next I was very aware I was wearing nothing but a towel and had no other clothes to wear.

"I don't suppose you have any clothes that would fit me?" I asked Sasha shyly.

Now, do you remember when I wrote about being in the shop changing room and Sasha had taken my clothes away? Well if you don't, I remember looking in to her crystal eyes and seeing the cogs running away madly. Well, I was getting exactly the same look now. I went from feeling shy to feeling very vulnerable in about a millisecond, all after the most amazing climax I had ever had.

Why was life never straight forward?

When she had finished buttoning up her blouse, Sasha very slowly and deliberately sat on a chair and pulled her boots on, smoothing the black leather up her calves so the top of the boots sat snugly around knees, then she stood up, placing her feet slightly apart so that her mid-thigh skirt rode up her legs a little.

It annoys the hell out of me when she does things like that. For one, it makes me very jealous of her long muscled legs, and for the second, it does look so damn sexy and my resolve goes out of the window.

"So my little Kitty Kat has nothing at all to wear." Sasha purred like a horny, hungry lioness. "I wonder what I should do with her?"

I will be honest. I was getting all hot and horny again, I mean I was pretty much going to be wearing nothing but the towel until she decided otherwise, and I wasn't sure if I could cope doing a reverse show of what we did the day before whilst we went to find my keys. I mean I had already promised to do a lot of things for Sasha the previous day, just to get her to stop tormenting me.

Sasha gently tugged at the bottom of my towel, and I felt it slip away from out of my grasp slightly. I know you may think I am a little slutty if I tell you I was tempted to let it accidently fall out of my hands, but somehow I managed to keep hold of it. Personally I blamed the naughty imp that has been living in my head ever since I met Sasha, the one who seems to feed off my arousal.

"I may have a little something." Sasha said as she licked her lips again. "Do you mind what it is?"

"Honestly Sash." I said. "It doesn't matter what it is. Just as long as I have something to wear while we find my keys and I can go back to mine for a change of clothing."

"Lucky for Kitty Kat I went shopping for present." Sasha told me with her mischievous expression. "And I may have something for her to wear, if she wants to get dressed today."
