 All events in this story are fictitious but are based on real characters. Names have been changed to protect their privacy.

******

"Fuck!" 

I swore aloud. I had just knelt to tie my shoe and my only clean pair of jeans ripped a hole right in the crotch. I stood up and examined them in the mirror. Front, then back; all clear. You can only tell there's a hole when my legs are spread. I laughed to myself and thought with sarcasm 'Today was the best day to wash all my jeans at once.' I grabbed my backpack and purse and headed for the door cursing school under my breath. As I was walking down the stairs I felt a strong vibration on my thigh. As a bolt of pleasure shot through my leg I calmed my self and checked my cell. A text, 

"Hey baby, could you scoop me up from work at 10?" 

It was my roommate who happens to be car-less. I also happen to be her personal taxi driver. Quick text back, 

"Of course, baby. I'll see you then. Have a good day at work." 

We aren't girlfriends, but we talk this way all the time. I've had a crush on her since day one. She's never given me the time of day though. I've contented myself with fantasies and being her best friend but it's getting tiring and my sexual frustration is, well, frustrating. I got in my car and felt the vibration again. I knew what it would say before I even opened it. 

"I love you." 

"I love you too." 

It meant two different things to each of us. I shook my head and shut the car door. Who was I kidding, nothing would ever happen between us.

My class got out right at 9:30 so I got in my car and headed straight to pick her up. As usual, I got there early so I sent her a quick text telling her I was there. I sighed to myself and got out my book to catch up on some reading. As soon as I got deep into the book I heard a sharp rapping on the window. She laughed out loud as I jumped and unlocked the door. She slid in my car and I checked her out while she was settling in. I really hate her ugly green uniform, but the color matches her skin and makes it a little better. She hadn't even shut the door when she started complaining about work.

"Guess what my douche bag boss did today? That son of a bitch fuckin' . . ."

I tune her out a bit and say things like, "damn" or "what?!" and busy myself thinking other things during her rant. Usually those other things involve heavy kissing and touching.

"Kaleigh!"

"What?" 

I had leapt completely out of my seat. My knees had hit the steering wheel and she laughed.

"Were you listening to me?"

"Not really." 

Honesty was the best choice at this moment.

"Oh. Well, why not?"

"I was thinking about . . . other things."

"What kinds of 'other things'?" 

I looked over at her. She was staring into my eyes. I looked back into hers, glazed at her lips. Pink, thick ones. The top one slightly smaller than the bottom. I licked my own subconsciously and looked back into her eyes. She was watching me and the look on her face told me that she noticed my glance.

"What kinds of 'other things,'" she asked again. Her eyes burned into mine and I was compelled to tell her something.

"Well, you know, uhm . . . things?"

I looked back to the road and stared very hard at the darkness around us.

"Ha! Come on, Kaleigh, you know you can tell me anything."

I chanced a glance back at her and she had her eyes fixed on my lips. She glanced down to my chest and back up to my eyes. I smiled at her and she gave me a mischievous grin back.

"I think you might know what I was thinking. It seems you're thinking the same thing."

She gave her signature shout of laughter and I started to chuckle myself.

"OK. If I told you mine, will you tell me yours?"

I nodded. There was one large throb from between my thighs and I clenched my muscles. I could already feel the dampness of my panties. I gave a nervous twitch and pushed my thighs together; my knuckles white on the wheel. I glanced over at her again and her eyes gazed my thighs and up to my knuckles. She placed her hand on my thigh and leaned in to whisper in my ear.

"How 'bout I show you instead?"

As she spoke, her hand slid up my thigh. I felt her smile on my neck as she felt how warm I was before she had even touched the crotch of my jeans. Her lush lips grazed my neck and I felt the warm wetness of her tongue under my ear. She kissed down my neck towards my collar bone and I felt her deliberately avoid my crotch. I pulled into a parking space outside my apartment and she took her hand away. Her lips, however, remained on my neck. She brushed her nose along my jaw and tilted her mouth up to my ear. I shut my eyes and tilted my head against the head rest.

"We can continue inside," was all she said.

When I opened my eyes she was already out of the car. I took a deep breath and got out. She stayed a couple paces ahead of me. I watched her hands as we walked up the stairs; her fingers twitching with every step. The door was unlocked and open by the time I reached it. The lights were off but I could feel her just beyond where the light ends in the hallway. I closed the door without turning around. I heard the lock click and felt her breath on my face; her breasts just below my own. Her hand touched the top of my neck and trailed down my spine towards my lower back. I gave a sharp shudder and another thick throb from between my legs pulsed through my body. Her hand caressed my ass and she put her hands on my hips. I felt her lips in the hollow of my neck and as her teeth grazed my skin she pushed me by the hips against the door. I felt the wall shake under the pressure of the shove. Before I could regain my balance I felt my shirt being yanked off me. She pulled me forward into our first kiss as she unhooked my bra. I heard its soft landing on the floor but didn't break our kiss. I wrapped my arms around her neck but she grabbed hold of my upper arms and shoved me back against the door. Her right hand was inching its way up my thigh and I felt her smile on my lips. As her hand got closer I started trembling and I made a vary audible sigh into her mouth. She stopped kissing me and looked into my eyes for a full five seconds at the shock of finding a hole in my jeans. Her eyes glinted evilly; fingers wrapping themselves around my throat, her other hand's fingers slipped through the hole in my jeans. She traced circles inside my thigh and my head softly fell back against the door. I swallowed hard against her fingers around my neck and closed my eyes. She traced the outline of my soaked panties as she nibbled and licked my lower lip. My panties were being pushed aside and her mouth went to my chest; kissing her way down to my breasts. She flicked her tongue out over my nipple and rolled it in her tongue; her grip never slackening on my throat. My heart was pounding and I was starting to get dizzy but in no way did I want her to stop. 'This can't be happening, this can't be happening. It's all a dream' I kept telling myself. I couldn't believe it, but as I thought this I felt her soft fingers brush over my clit. She dragged her middle finger through my lips towards my clit but she stopped at the opening and gave a little push on it without going in. My eyes flew open and my head slammed against the door with the intensity of the reflex; I felt my knees start to give out but her hold on my neck kept me where I was. She dragged her finger forward still and when she got to my clit again my forehead broke out in a sheen of sweat. Flicking it over and over my legs started to shake from the spasms that were rocking through my body from every time she touched it. Her mouth was still on my nipples but I felt her drawing downwards to the fleshy underside of my breast. She kissed the top of my rib cage and looked up at me. With lust glazing my eyes over and the dimly lit room, I nearly missed the glint of mischievousness in her eyes. By the time I had processed the look, she had already plunged two fingers deep inside me and simultaneously bit hard on one of my ribs. I let out a shout that quickly turned into a moan but was cut off when she tightened her grip on my neck. Her fingers still in me, I felt her tongue swirl over the spot where she bit me and her fingers curl in to hit my g-spot. Since a sigh was all I could muster with her hand so tight, I let one escape my lips and slid down the door a little bit. She let go of my neck and brought her hand to my breast and began rolling my nipple between her fingers. Her lips brushed across the red marks around my throat and I felt her tongue slide in and out of her lips. She sucked on the hollow of my neck between my collar bones and her teeth scrapped each bone. My skin was sucked through her lips and her tongue and teeth worked with undeniable skill. She pulled her fingers out and brought them to my lips. I sucked them shortly before she thrusted them back in me hard. Swirling her fingers around inside me she hit my g-spot over and over again; each time a moan escaping me. She pulled them out and started rubbing circles on my clit. The room started to get hot and sweat broke out all over my body. I felt the slickness of my juices running down my thighs. I started breathing heavier and heavier; with every breath she made a circle. My breath caught in my lungs and she stopped circling. I felt her slide her finger back in me, thrusting hard with her entire body. My breathing became sharp; my eyes rolled into my head and with one deep push on my spot, I came hard on her hand, trapping her fingers in my muscles, and started to slide all the way down the door to the floor below me. She drew her hand out of me before I hit the ground. I pulled my knees towards my quaking, spasming body. Every muscle clenching and unclenching with the rhythm of my orgasm. I let go of my knees and let them slide out a bit; my back still pressed firmly against the door. With my head in my hands, I felt her kneel down beside me.

"Are you OK?"

"Are you kidding?!"

I looked up at her and concern was etched in her soft, childlike face. I placed one palm on each of her cheeks and pulled her face towards me. I kissed her softly on the lips and whispered against them, "Are you ready to get fucked?"

I pushed her hard away from me and stood up. I reached down for her wrists and pulled her up fast. She was barely on her feet for a second before I picked her up and sat her on the kitchen counter.

"I wonder if our roommates are home," she pondered. The thought crossed my mind earlier but I had no doubt that we were alone. Or that if we weren't, no one would come out.

"I think I would have alerted them, if they were here. In case you didn't notice, I wasn't exactly a mouse." 

She gave another shout of laughter but it was muffled by me pulling her shirt off. She had her own bra off before the shirt hit the floor. I gazed longingly at her perky little breasts. I usually like bigger ones, but since I had seen them before, I knew how pretty hers were. I giggled as I traced her tan line and watched her nipples harden at the light touch of my finger tips. I traced around her dark tan aereolas and pushed softly on her nipple. I brought my fingers up towards the silky carmel skin of her chest. My right hand drifted around towards her back and my left hand spread her legs. With both hands I pulled her towards my naked torso and wrapped my arms around her. I buried my face in the hollow of her neck felt her heart beats get faster as my breath quickened. I always marveled at the softness of her skin. Her nipples brushed my own and we both shivered at the same time. With my short nails, I scratched up her back, over her shoulders and between her breasts. I watched her breasts as her breath caught and I smiled to myself. The bright fluorescent kitchen light flashed on and I jumped and wrapped my hands tight around her hips. She laughed out loud.

"I just wanted to watch you fuck me."

"OK then," and with one swift movement I had unlatched her belt, pushed against her stomach and drew it out of the loops. With my arm in the air I snapped it against the floor and she flinched at the loud crack it made against the linoleum. I threw it aside and started unbuttoning her work slacks. She kicked her shoes off and lifted her hips so I could pull them off her. I laughed to myself at her boyish underwear and touched her legs. With one hand on each thigh I spread her legs and leaned in. I planted a kiss right on her lips and blew warm wet air onto her ridiculous pink underwear. As I breathed in, the aroma was intoxicating; my head spinning. I licked her underwear as my hands moved up her thighs and wrapped around her waist. I pulled her crotch into my face and felt her own moistness on my lips. I licked hard against her and drew my head up. I placed another kiss between her breasts and kissed up to her neck. I tugged her waistband and pulled her underwear under her hips. She lifted her shaking thighs and by her hips, I pulled her crotch towards my face and draped her legs over my shoulders. Her scent was tenfold with the barrier of her underwear gone. I closed my eyes and sucked in a deep breath through my nose; my fingers dragged on her skin from her knees down her thighs towards her wetness. She was holding herself up with her arms. I grabbed each wrist again and pushed her gently down on the counter holding both her wrists in one of my hands. We both knew she was stronger than me and could easily break my grip but she didn't. When I saw that she was unresistant to anything so far I smiled at her. She was staring into my eyes as best she could when laying down. With the hand that wasn't holding her wrists, I touched between her thighs and collected what was pooling around her lips with two of my fingers and I sucked them into my own mouth, moaning out. Her eyes had closed when I touched her. I felt her muscles relax and a sigh escaped her. She stayed down when I let go of her wrists and with each hand I took a firm grip between her thighs. I gave a short hard squeeze and let my left hand trail up her stomach, tracing around her belly button. I teased and tickled her nipples and ribs. With my right hand, I traced her lips and spread them with two of my fingers. She was glistening and the sight of it took my breath away. I touched her little clit with the tip of my finger and heard her moan. I circled her hole and pushed on it like she had done to mine. I lowered my face towards her crotch and kissed and licked inside her thighs. When I got to the joint between her leg and pussy I bit down hard and buried my middle finger inside her to the hilt. Her back arched off the counter and her head snapped up.

"Hey," she shouted out. With my finger still inside her, I wrapped my left hand over her mouth and pushed her head back down on the counter.

"Its only fair," I whispered to her. Her eyes consented and I felt her lips part under my hand. She kissed my palm and my entire arm broke out in goose-bumps. I slid a second finger inside her. She squeezed them with her muscles and her tightness made me wet. I curled my fingers upwards and pressed on her g-spot. She sighed against my hand and I put one of my fingers in her mouth. She sucked greedily as I started to trust into her. Her muscles loosened around my hand and juices slicked her thighs increasing the speed of my thrusting. I put my entire body into it and her calves slid off my shoulders but tightened around my waist and she pulled herself into my hand. I pulled myself out of her and rolled her clit between two of my fingers. Her entire body spasmed and I saw her tighten when I lowered my face into her wetness. With the flat of my tongue, I gave one solid lick upward and hit her clit twice; once with my tongue ring, the second with the tip of my tongue. Her thighs were shaking as I drew circles around her clit with my tongue. I licked her again and her body rocked. I traced around her hole with my tongue and her slick wetness guided me easily inside her. I licked at her insides and continued the circles around her clit with my thumb. I pushed up on her clit and felt my tongue being squeezed by her muscles. She let out an animalistic groan as she came in my mouth. My thumb still working furiously, I sucked down what she gave me. Her thighs slid on my face, wet with sweat and cum. I barely heard her breath slow over the blood pounding in my own ears. My face soaked, I looked up at her. Her entire body was glistening with sweat and I licked the salt off her stomach. I pinched both her nipples as I kissed and licked my way up her body. I pushed her back on the counter and jumped up onto it with her. I lowered myself onto her but held my weight on my own arms. I kissed her full on the mouth and she licked at her own juice on my lips. We kissed passionately and she ran her fingers up and down my back. She teased the line of my jeans and pushed her hands down my pants. She gripped my ass and started to roll. I followed suit and pulled her on top of me. I put my feet on the counter and felt the heat of her pussy through my jeans. She pulled her hands out of my pants and started to unbutton them. I lifted my butt off the counter and wiggled my hips out of my jeans and panties. She straddled me, wetting my stomach, and clumsily pulled my jeans and panties off my legs. She laid full out on my body and our naked breasts touched again; we sighed at the same time and broke out into laughter.

"I've wanted to do this for a long time," I sighed to her.

"I know," she simply replied, "Let's go to my bedroom."

She sat up and hopped off the counter. I watched her ass and back as she walked to her room. I flipped off the kitchen light and followed her through the darkness.

For the second time, I heard a lock click behind me. She placed a hand on each of my hips and kissed my back from my neck down towards my butt. She kissed the dimples above my ass and licked my spine back up to my neck. I shivered and my nipples hardened. Her hands traveled around to my stomach and up to my breasts. She worked my nipples as she kissed my neck. I was visibly shaking and she let her hands fall over my ribs and down to my back as she circled around to face the front of me. She kissed my lips again and I put my hands gently around the base of her neck. Her arms slithered around my waist and she pulled me close to her. She broke the kiss and planted one, then another soft kiss on my lips. One gentle kiss at a time she worked her way down my neck and past my breasts, her hands never cease the caressing on my back and butt. She lowered herself to her knees as she kissed down my stomach. My legs spread automatically and my fingers wound through her hair. She tilted her head up and I felt her breathe me in. Her nose hit my clit as she spread my lips with her tongue. I started to shake as she worked me relentlessly; shoving her tongue into my tight pussy over and over again. I gripped her hair and buried her face deeper in me. It was less than five minutes when I started to break out in sweat and my muscles spasmed. I rocked back on my heels as I came on her face. She held me steady by gripping my ass and licked out to catch the flow coming out of me. My knees shook and gave out. I fell on top of her and our naked bodies tangled up. We laughed out as we untangled our legs. I got up first and pulled her onto her bed. I rolled her on her side and curved my body around hers, pressing my breasts into her back. I kissed her neck and caressed her hip in large, loose circles inching their way towards her crotch. I dragged my hand over her thigh and under her butt to access her pussy easier. I pushed my finger through her lips up to her clit and pushed softly on it. She turned her head sideways to look at me and I caught her in a kiss. I pushed my tongue into her mouth as my finger slipped inside her. She moaned into my mouth and sucked on my tongue. My finger swirled inside her wet hole and hooked around to hit her g-spot. I rolled her onto her stomach and slipped a second finger inside her. She plunged her face into her pillows as I began to fuck her with my fingers. I kissed down her back and shoved in and out of her with such force the bed was hitting the wall. Her muscles tightened around my fingers and I smacked her ass hard as she came on my hand. I swirled around inside her after her orgasm and with every stroke against her g-spot she twitched visibly. I pulled my hand out from between her legs and licked it clean. With one hand on each of her ass cheeks, I spread her apart and licked her soaking lips once, kissed both her cheeks and crawled up to kiss the back of her neck.
