 This is the continuation of a story about my introduction to women and submission. If you're under 18 or offended by such things then please go elsewhere. If you'd like to comment, please email me!

* * * * *

I awoke, unbound and alone. The sun was filtering into Alex's spacious bedroom from the large single window on the other side facing the foot of the bed. In my delirious and confused excitement I had noticed very little, and now I could discern Alex's ballet bar across the window and, perpendicular to it, a mirrored wall. I rose to go to the bathroom and when I came out I stopped at the bar. My clit was very tender, too tender to touch at the moment, and the light of day shook me to my senses. What the hell was I doing here, what was I getting myself into?

I mean, I'm a respectable member of the so-called citizenry, well, at least kind of. As an artist I'm allowed to be a little weird. But in the space of a few hours I had allowed myself to be blindfolded and bound and gagged, I had licked a strange woman's ass and cunt and feet, I had kissed her shoes, I had called her "Mistress".... I began to be sick to my stomach, with guilt and disappointment.

But when I glimpsed myself in the mirror I was taken aback. I saw a woman who was amazingly sexy and radiant, a woman I would have wanted to ravish, and I remembered the incredible climax Alex had engineered for me last night. And, to be honest, I wanted more. I was different somehow, more full of lust and energy that I had ever been, more fully alive.

Please, whoever's reading, don't take it into your head that I'm recommending these kinds of experiences to anyone. I'm just trying to describe what transformed me. If I am a depraved perverted slut, then so be it.

The smell of toast and coffee reached me as I stretched out naked on Alex's bed and before long she entered with a tray: coffee, yogurt, whole wheat toast, and a plate with a ringed leather collar.

"How are you feeling today, sweetie?" she asked. She was really really beautiful. OK, I know I said it before, but she was really really gorgeous and I was stricken by her looks even in the morning's light.

"I'm pretty wonderful," I replied. "How about you?" "Well, to be frank, I'm pleasantly frustrated. I've only just begun to explore that luscious body of yours." I blushed as I sipped my coffee.

"Open your legs for me."

I set the cup down and obeyed, immediately becoming wet but also worried about my tender bud. Alex drew out a tube of zinc oxide and very gently coated my clitoris.

"This will help, Sonya. You should be fine in time for the fireworks."

Fireworks... Yes, it was July 4 and from her window you could see the museum where she worked and where they traditionally set off the displays.

"So I guess I'm invited for the evening?" I pseudo-naively inquired.

"You're mine until Sunday, slut," she replied, not without a hint of menace, and not without giving me a rush from my throat to my loins. I really just couldn't help myself.

"Let's get going, shall we? We've got a full day. I thought we'd do a jog around the park and then a little shopping before the stores close."

The air was warm and we took an easy run around the perimeter of the park, about 2 miles, and then 2 quick showers. Alex dressed in cutoffs, sandals and an oxford man's shirt, no bra, and I got back into my heels, thong and dress, definitely overdressed for daytime, but that's how Alex wanted me.

By this point we were ready for lunch so we made our way to a café near the `cool' part of town, the part frequented by people my age and younger, always open. We both ordered salads and mineral water, and then lattes. As we were finishing up Alex took something out of her purse: it was the collar that had accompanied the coffee tray earlier this morning. She placed it on the table.

I was beginning to feel uncomfortable in this public place, but I was fascinated by her boldness. The collar was black leather, adjustable, with about a dozen small silver rings, the size of nickels, attached; and there was a tiny silver padlock.

"I think you'll look very nice in this," said Alex, "especially as we walk around town."

I tried to protest but my nerve failed me. She rose and deftly attached the collar and locked it around my neck. Several café customers looked our way. I just went on sipping the remains of my coffee, stunned.

"You look more lovely than ever," she said. I smiled and gulped, and then told myself to relax, to just relax. What did I care what these other people thought anyway? Still, I couldn't believe she was doing this so openly.

She also had the audacity to take my arm in hers, and as we walked along the streets we attracted many eyes. I cared but didn't care. Everyone at work was away, so I was in little danger of seeing them, but still.... Then I just let myself enjoy it. I relaxed. I began to enjoy the glances, especially from the cute younger girls.

Alex brought us to an erotic boutique which sold mostly lingerie and a bunch of kinky things that looked pretty cheesy to me.

"Let's get some nice undies for tonight, OK?" she said. It was fine with me. The stuff was expensive but very cool, very enticing. A young girl who looked barely 18 was working the counter. Her hair was dyed half-organge, half-black, but she was quite pretty, with voluptuous breasts and an incredibly flat stomach. Her navel was pierced, and her tongue too!

"Need any help?" she asked.

"Not yet, we're just browsing," answered Alex.

"OK, let me know if you want to try something on."

We took our time. I enjoyed feeling the material of the bras and panties, enjoyed the tremendous variety, enjoyed thinking about how I'd look. I finally narrowed my choices to three and showed Alex.

"Why don't you try them on and make your pick, see if they fit. They all look very sexy to me."

The clerk unlocked a door that led to a small suite of several dressing rooms. As I entered one of the tiny rooms she said, "I like your collar." Then she smiled. I was speechless. I closed the door and quickly tried on my selections, settling finally on an embroidered black lace v-string with matching black lace bra. Just as I was removing them to get back into my dress I heard the clerk usher Alex into another room. I got my clothes on and opened the door and went out into the store and waited at the counter. The clerk smiled at me and I smiled back: she really was very pretty, very sensual. Then she said, "You're a lucky girl."

"What do you you mean?" I replied.

"I mean I'd let your girlfriend do me ANY day. And I wouldn't mind doing you."

Alex was unlocking her door and the clerk quickly added, "that's an open invitation."

Alex playfully hid what she purchased, but I showed her my final choice.

"They'll look good on or off," she chuckled.

We had a lot of time to kill, so we killed it by window-shopping and sauntering through the mostly deserted city streets. On a whim we stopped for a light dinner, and all the while I just had a sense of build-up, a sense of tension. My collar attracted many a glance and I grew bolder in accepting whatever was going on. Heck, it was a holiday after all! I might as well enjoy myself.

It was 7 PM when we returned to Alex's flat. I was a little sleepy and Alex advised me to take a short nap. I entered the bedroom and undressed but I paused in front of her wall-mirror to see what I looked like with the collar. I was fascinated by what I saw, I loved what it symbolized. There was something so ineffably thrilling about being beautiful Alex's possession. Then I fell asleep.

It was nearly dark when I awakened. I supposed I was exhausted, but now as I awoke I felt tremendously energized. Alex stood next to the bed in nothing but black heels and a black lace corset. Her lovely breast and pussy were completely and deliciously exposed. She looked amazing.

"Alex, you look so damned beautiful!" I blurted out. "Thanks, dear," she responded, "but until further notice I'd like to be called `Mistress'."

"Yes, Mistress," I muttered, growing warm.

"Now get up and get into those lovely things for me."

I put on the lace bra and panties and I looked and felt very hot, sleekly sexual, ready to please, ready to be gloriously used.

Alex brought me over to the ballet bar that fronted the window overlooking the park. She spread my legs and again took her silk scarves to bind each ankle to the end of the bar, but moved my legs out about 3 feet from it. She bound my wrists together and then tied them to the bar, but I could grasp the bar with both hands. I was looking out over the city. My ass was raised for my mistress, my cunt wantonly spread open. I was hers for the taking.

"What a lovely ass you have, Sonya, what a delectable slut you are!" she said, before bringing her hand hard across my butt.

"Oooh," I exclaimed.

"You like that?"

"Yes, Mistress."

She slapped my ass again, harder, and I quivered as the warmth spread across my buttocks. My v-string covered nothing but my slit, barely. Then she grabbed my hair and pulled my head back.

"Keep your fucking back arched for me, bitch," she advised, but softly as always.

I tried as her hand punished my bottom fiercely, but every once in a while I couldn't sustain my posture. Then Alex would pull me again by the hair and spank me even more harshly.

"I haven't heard a word of thanks from my slut."

"Sorry, Mistress, I thank you, I love what you do to me, thank you," I babbled.

She moved to my side and holding my head up by the hair proceeded to spank me over and over. I lost count. I tried to thank her after each blow but I often yelped as the pain grew. She took to spitting on her hand before slapping me, and this increased my pleasure-pain.

"You beautiful gorgeous fucking cunt," whispered Alex huskily. "My cunt," she added, "my bitch, my plaything, who loves her Mistress's hand."

`Yes!," I cried out, tears welling in my eyes, "I'm your cunt, your bitch, I'll do whatever you want, Mistress! The burning was so intense that tears formed in my eyes and I wanted relief; yet at the same time I wanted her to continue to punish, to degrade, to stimulate me even more.

Alex stopped and allowed me to catch my breath. In the distance from the window the fireworks had started, little ones, and I knew that they would end in 45 minutes with the most spectacular of them. The stinging of my buttocks was beginning to subside.

Then all of a sudden I was surprised by indescribable sweetness: Alex had dropped to her knees behind me, lifted the v-string aside and begun to lick the crack between my buttocks. Her sweet tongue played along the rim of my ass and I felt her use her lips to nibble on me there too. She kissed my pussy lips as well and I began to cry with gratitude.

"Thank you, Mistress, oh thank you!" I sobbed, overcome with warmth. She was so good to me, so tender!

"My slut is very lovely, very beautiful," Alex purred. Then she came around and kissed me long and deep as I remained bound to the bar.

The fireworks were intensifying: higher, louder, more colorful, more frequently set off.

"I love your virgin ass," she said, "but it won't be virgin much longer."

I suspected as much. Reeling from the pain of my cruel spanking and the delight of Alex's gentle tongue, I merely sighed. One finger, then another simultaneously, protruded into my anus. She had me lick her fingers, then spat on them and prodded me again. I pressed back against her, now rhythmically. I sucked her fingers again, wetting them copiously, and she spat on my anus before she inserted a third finger. I cried out: it felt wonderful. With her left hand she pulled my hair and her right she used to thrust and twist into my nether hole, faster and deeper, faster and deeper.

"Take it, Sonya, take it you little cunt, take it like my good bitch," ordered Alex, "let me hear you moan." "Oh my god, yes! Thank you, Mistress, fuck me, fuck my ass, fuck me, fuck me!" I cried out, on the verge of cumming.

Then she suddenly withdrew her fingers, leaving me panting and frustrated yet again.

"I'm not ready for you to cum yet, my slut. Besides, this is only a preparation."

I had no idea what she meant, I could barely think.

"How's your clit doing?" she asked.

"It's fine, Mistress, it's hard." I had to lean forward and downwards to keep my knees from buckling.

Alex moved behind me again. She unbound my ankles and pulled off my lovely lingerie and pressed her tongue into my dripping pussy. She slathered my cunt and sucked and flicked me and as she did so she reached up to my nipples and kneaded them with her fingers as her hands slipped under my lace bra.

The fireworks were climaxing and I myself began to shudder and Alex plied her tongue deep into me from behind and then, as she squeezed my nipples so very hard and her tongue flickered over my clitoris, I came, wave after wave. I screamed as the fireworks died away....

But she was aflame and I yearned to please her for this gift. She unbound my hands and led me over to her capacious bed and spread herself in all her glory. She guided my mouth to her breasts which I feasted on, sucking and nibbling them and caressing them. I kissed her shoulders, her neck, her sides, her arms, and Alex let me rip off her corset to lick the treasure of her skin beneath. I was greedy in my lust, I simply couldn't get enough of her. And when she raised her beautiful legs and held them apart for me with her hands I attacked her gorgeous smooth cunt with abandon.

She pressed my face to her pussy as she thrust and bucked and screamed, and then afterwards drew me up to her for the most precious of lingering kisses. We slept that night in each other's arms.

(to be continued -- 2 more parts, I think; feedback is much appreciated)