 Disclaimer: If you are offended by descriptions of lesbian sexual relations and/or are under 18 please go elsewhere. Thanks to Jen for encouraging me with this tale of my waking up to women and the pleasures of submission.

* * * * *

I awoke while my Mistress-lover was still asleep. We were both completely nude and entwined. I gently kissed her neck and ran my hands along her lovely sides as in a dream. I couldn't believe how lucky I was to feel so light and free, and I couldn't imagine I'd ever have such capacity to be so sexually aroused so often! It wasn't even 7 AM and I already was moist with the thought of being ravished. I couldn't keep my lips and hands off Alex, so it was an effort to desist and allow her to sleep.

In my early morning haze I recalled the past two explosive nights, Alex's exquisite control over me, and the marvelous privilege she granted me after the fireworks display, the privilege of servicing her, of making her cum so thunderously, of licking and kissing and stroking as much as I could of her magnificent body, of thanking her in that way for the extraordinary mixture of pleasure-pain that made me feel more alive than ever.

I felt an immense gratitude to Alex and I wanted to show it in a manner that would make me somehow very special to her, not just a weekend fling. Maybe I was going crazy or maybe I was simply growing into a richer kind of living, a rejection of the shackles placed upon us all by small minds.

Alex began to stir and turned towards me with a drowsy smile.

"I hope I didn't wake you," I whispered.

"No, no," she replied, reaching for my eager lips. After she kissed me she said, "Well, I've gotta skip to the loo, my darling." She rose but I followed quickly and caught her hand.

"I want to do something for you Alex, er, Mistress," I stammered.

"Alex for now," she said tenderly as I gazed at her.

I dropped to my knees in front of her and very lightly kissed her pussy and then opened my mouth and tilted my head back. She seemed to hesitate for a moment before smiling with recognition. Then, cradling my head with her soft elegant hands she pulled me closer and loosed her warm golden stream into my willing throat. I drank her in a thrill of excitement. Two days ago the very thought of this would have made me vomit, but now it seemed so utterly natural and beautiful. She lifted me to my feet and kissed me long and deep.

I suppose I was in love, if love is powerful and overwhelming and full of the joy of pleasing and giving. Certainly I had never experienced anything like this before and I wondered how I could have wasted all those years on the boys and men who either made life more difficult or boring.

"You're something else," Alex murmured, as we snuggled again in bed.

I fingered my collar and took delight in its presence. "I love this," I said. "Actually," I continued with effort, "I think I love YOU."

Alex studied me closely, then smoothed my hair with her hand and replied, "I think you do my sweet, I think you do, my sweet beautiful cunt."

The way she said "cunt" sent shivers through me. Yes, I reveled in being her cunt, her bitch, her girl.

I threw myself at her wildly and we passionately kissed and embraced until Alex finally had to pry my arms away, gently admonishing me to conserve my energies.

"Save yourself for tonight, Sonya! I've planned something special for you," she added cryptically. "And today I have to stop by the museum for a few hours and run some errands. So let's have breakfast."

She donned a terrycloth robe and tossed me one and we pattered about nonchalantly in the kitchen. I had little appetite. I must have lost a few pounds too in the last two days, but I felt great, more taut and energetic and sexy than I could remember. I couldn't keep my eyes off Alex even as she went about the most mundane things.

She readied herself for her excursion and gave me the keys to the apartment.

"I should be back by 4. Just make yourself at home -- pamper yourself, take a jog, read, relax, listen to music, whatever."

I was content and kissed her before she left. And I took her advice. Alex and I had the same shoe size and I could comfortably use one of her several pairs of running shoes. I went for a nice jog in the park and stopped afterwards for coffee and a newspaper. I was keenly aware of the attentions of several women in the café and relished them, even maybe flirting a bit. Was it the collar, or was it something different about me generally? I took a long walk through town in a dreamlike state and got back to the flat in my running clothes by 3 PM. I didn't bother to shower but just enjoyed the sensations of physical exertion and sweat and eroticism and free time.

True to her word Alex returned before 4, all smiles and laden with bags. The museum work had gone well and she'd shopped for dinner and "other goodies" for the evening.

"I'm ready for a shower," she said, "wanna join me?"

I assented, naturally, and we soaped and rinsed and cleansed each other deliciously. Alex's shower was a spacious one, so she had room to kneel and shave my pussy clean for me, and I returned the favor. She inserted a soapy finger into my nether-hole and revisited it with a washcloth. Every small touch of hers was such an electric pleasure!

She toweled off quickly and as I was drying and brushing my hair she laid out my evening wear: a beautiful white open-cup bra with matching crotchless thong. They took my breath away. My small firm breasts and nipples were pushed up and forward by the bra cups, completely exposed. She'd picked them out at the same shop we visited yesterday. She also gave me a pair of her white strapped pumps.

"I haven't paid enough attention to those lovely breasts of yours," she said, "at least not yet. Be patient with me. Now let's see how you look."

I did a few dance exercises at the bar and caught her lascivious interest in the mirror.

"Let's have an early dinner, shall we? Why don't you throw on a robe".

I could barely eat because I was becoming more and more keen with anticipatory excitement and lust. What surprise had she planned? How intense would she be tonight? My bottom was still pleasantly sore from my relentless spanking ... would she test me, test the limits of my willingness to please her, to endure her ministrations? I wanted to succeed at all costs. I felt greedy even: in my wish to please I was wishing too for an even greater release into that transcendent realm of forbidden cravings.

"Tell me, Sonya," Alex asked as we finished up, "what did you think of that young thing at the lingerie shop?"

"Hmmm," I began, "I can't say I've thought much about her at all," I lied; in fact, that young thing and her "open invitation" had crossed my mind a number of times earlier in the day. I went on, "Well, she seemed really young, that's for sure."

"And pretty too, don't you think?" replied Alex.

"I guess." Alex paused and I grew a little uneasy. Then she added sultrily, "Well, are you ready for an interesting evening?"

"Absolutely," I said, moistening my lips ever so slightly.

"Then pour us some wine, and then..." Alex turned with a devilish glint, "then take off that fucking robe and wait for me on the sofa, like the good little cunt you are."

She left for the bedroom and I did as I was told, anxiously. When Alex returned moments later I gasped in astonishment. She was wearing a black leather corset zippered in front and laced behind, a matching leather thong and choker, and heeled patent-leather maryjanes. Her blue eyes smouldered and her blonde hair hung provocatively on her shoulders and she frightened me with the tinge of determined wickedness in her mien. Frightened and melted me, I should say, for I was more captivated by her than ever. I was in awe of her.

"Alex," I muttered.

"Mistress!" she said curtly.

"I'm sorry ... Mistress... you are so beautiful, that's all."

At that moment her intercom buzzed and she buzzed back and then it seemed like only seconds before there was a knock at her door. I was confused and apprehensive, yet Alex showed no concern as she sauntered over to greet her visitor.

"Come on in," she said sweetly. And in stepped the lingerie girl. She was wearing tan cowboy boots, a black miniskirt and a green halter top that didn't reach her pierced navel.

"Mia," said Alex, "come meet my slut." Mia looked all of 100 lbs dripping wet, but her breasts were very full and she was curvaceous. And she looked young enough to be Alex's daughter.

"Hi, slut," she said brightly. I looked over at Alex, who said, "Don't worry, she's 18, barely. And tonight she'll be your other Mistress, so just do as your told."

Mia stood before me and lifted my chin with her hand. She smelled wonderful. She kissed me on the lips and I tried to pull back but she grabbed my hair and forced her tongue into me and I relented and returned her kiss, growing excited but concerned lest I offend Alex.

"On your knees, bitch, hands behind your back," commanded Mia. Alex brought her over a set of scarves and Mia bound first my ankles together, and then tied each wrist separately to each ankle so that my back was involuntarily arched and my breasts jutted forward.

"She's a gorgeous bitch, Alex," said Mia, "and I'm really looking forward to doing her right."

"She'll do whatever you ask, won't you slut?" added Alex. I stood motionless. Mia pulled me back by the hair and spat on my face. Then she slapped me, hard, on the mouth.

"You like that, don't you?" she asked. I nodded truthfully. Then she wound a scarf into my mouth for a gag and holding me by the hair dragged me into Alex's bedroom as I shuffled along on my knees. Alex shut the door. Tonight the bedroom was lit with candles, which created an eerie glow.

"What do you want to do with her, Mia?" asked Alex.

"I want her to watch for now, OK?" Mia positioned me near the foot of the bed. Alex got a leash from one of her bags and attached it to my collar and tied the end of the leash onto the bedpost at the foot of the bed.

Then Mia stripped off her halter top and skirt. Her nipples were pierced with small silver rings, and through her crotchless thong I could see that her clit was also pierced. She and Alex kissed long and Alex then set her down on the edge of the bed. I saw with consternation that she lusted for Mia's sweet young flesh and I grew angry as I watched her kneel before her and inhale the aroma from her gleaming pink cunt. I watched my beautiful Mistress hold Mia's thin and shapely legs apart by her cowboy boots as she pressed her lips down onto her pussy. The girl cried out with pleasure and caressed Alex's hair.

Alex moved up to kiss her on the mouth and then returned to her shaven cunt. She stretched the strands of her thong wide apart to gain access to her pussylips and ate her out like a madwoman. Her tongue moved further below to Mia's tight puckered anus and Alex lost no time in tongue fucking her nether hole. As she sucked and licked and brought Mia to the edge, she would pull back and wait, then begin again, now tugging on her nipple rings too, making her voluptuous breasts quiver.

I was worried, fascinated, excited all at once, and had lost track of time. Then Alex moved abruptly away and Mia turned over on all fours. Alex slapped her ass hard and Mia cried out "Yesssss!" and she slapped it again.

"Take me, Ally, please fuck me, you bitch, fuck me!" hissed Mia. Alex grabbed Mia's orange and black hair and pinched her nipple and told her to calm down and wait. She went to her dresser near the bathroom while Mia panted and purred and returned with a large black strap-on. Its cock must have been at least 6 inches long and 2 inches wide. It looked as if it would split the girl in two. After Alex had fastened the harness she removed my gag and offered me her new phallus. She looked so powerful and imposing and yet so still so feminine that she made me tremble.

"Wet it up, bitch, use that pretty mouth of yours."

I started to lick tentatively along the shaft but Alex commanded me to spit on it, which I did, and then moved my head rapidly along it. I spat some more and licked, slut that I had become, until the shaft gleamed with saliva.

With almost no warning she thrust the large cock into Mia's tight cunt and the young thing screamed like an animal and clenched the sheets of the bed with her fists, and Alex pulled on her hair and fucked her mercilessly.

"Yes, take me you bitch, fuck your fucking little slave girl, fuck me, fuck me!" shouted Mia, writhing and panting until she finally became a spent mass of tender flesh, heaving quietly in recuperation.

I wanted to be Mia, to be in her place, yet I wanted to be fucking her too. I grew terribly jealous. Alex approached and unleashed me and ordered me to clean her phallus. Mia's pussy juice on the cock was divine.

"You like the taste of young pussy, don't you my slut?" asked Alex as she guided my head to Mia's cunt and ass. I licked in frenzy, overcome by lust and grateful to be in action in some way. Mia turned over onto her back and I kissed and licked her thighs and pussy and sucked on her clit, flicked my eager tongue on the silver ring that pierced it, all the while with my hands bound behind me. Mia had me by the hair and thrust her pussy hard against my face as my tongue kept up its rabid motion, again and again, until she came, less violently this time, more sweetly I thought.

Alex brought me back to my former spot, leashed and gagged me again, and then retrieved a set of alligator clamps attached to a silver chain while Mia caught her breath.

My nipples were already swollen and charged and they responded to Alex's fingers as she rolled and kneaded them. But when she set the clamps onto them I winced in pain and lurched forward. She wickedly pinched and shook my breasts to intensify the effect, and I began to breathe heavily. They hurt but they felt so good too!

"Keep watching, bitch," cooed Alex, as Mia slid to the floor and unharnessed Alex and slipped her thong down her legs. The girl was trembling as she stroked the older woman's legs and pressed her cheek against Alex's calves and thighs.

"I've wanted you so badly, Mistress," she moaned, kissing the tops of her thighs. "May I have permission to taste you?" Alex moved back a step and began to unzip her corset, slowly, very slowly as Mia gazed upwards. The zipper stopped a few inches above her waist. She turned around and Mia rose to untie the laces at the back. She removed the corset and Alex turned in all her erotic splendor: she wore only the black choker and her maryjanes. She pushed the girl forcibly to her knees and pressed Mia's face into her pussy.

Mia ate her ravenously as my jealousy and anger and excitement grew and grew, and Alex turned and stretched herself out on the bed, pulling the young girl to her cunt as she did so. She used the weight of her tongue piercing against Alex's clit rhythmically, and Alex stretched her dancer's body to its limit and sighed loudly. "Oh my, you nasty bitch, oh yes, you feel so damned good!" she crooned. But just as she seemed about to cum she yanked Mia's head away and slapped her glistening face. It must have taken a lot of discipline for her to do that, to deny herself in that moment.

"Not yet," Alex panted, "I want YOU to fuck ME, I want to be fucked by my sweet little slavegirl while my slut watches." I was aghast, burning with anger and envy. Mia stood up and retrieved the strapon and Alex fastened it onto her. Then my Mistress submissively stretched herself out and begged to be taken.

Mia rose to the occasion, holding my Alex's legs apart by the ankles and moving her pseudo-cock into her cunt, harder and harder, and I winced as I heard Alex scream in uncontrollable delight, "Yes, I love how my little girl fucks me, I love it, fuck me Mia you cunt, fuck me harder, you sweet young lovely fucking slut, fuck me harder!" She seemed to emphasize each obscenity uttered with an upward thrust of her hips.

I myself had hardly yet been touched, and I was aching unbearably, delirious with a confusing mixture of shame and anger and uncontrollable desire. They left the room after they had settled and returned with glasses of wine.

Mia ungagged me and offered me a glass which I drank greedily. My head became instantly flushed. I was still on my knees, bound ankle to foot, my nipples clamped, still leashed by my collar and completely at her mercy. Mia was still wearing the huge strapon. She unbound my ankles and wrists and untied the leash from the bedpost, holding it in her hand. Thhe sat on the carpet several feet away, facing me, and tugged on my collar.

"Come over here, bitch, I want you to mount me."

Taking orders from someone so young made my body tingle. I crawled over to her and she pulled on my collar and kissed my lips as I straddled her cock. Then grasping me by the hips she moved me down onto it. I cried out as I was penetrated and I felt Alex move behind me. She gripped my hair and slapped my ass as it thrust downward, and soon I felt a sudden slippery moistness at the door to my anus, and then an unbelievable pressure and I nearly fainted. I turned to see Alex with another strapon, guiding it into my tight inexperienced ass. I was being fucked simultaneously, my cunt and my ass filled to their limit. My clamped breasts were bouncing and rubbing against Mia's pierced nipples and Mia was kissing me fiercely while Alex thrust gloriously into my bum and slapped my buttocks and flanks and yanked my hair. The sensation was incredible: I was consumed, overwhelmed, overcome, and my mind reeled with the utter newness of this hitherto unknown thrill that powerfully spread into and through every fiber of my body.

"Take it, bitch, take your Mistresses' cocks, all the fucking way, you lovely fucking slut!" The three of us were frenzied and I came in uncontrollable waves and by the time they had finished with me I was completely exhausted. Now I realized why Alex had asked me to conserve my energies!

Removing the clamps gave me another jolt of pain as the blood rushed back into my nipples. They unbuckled their harnesses but "forced" me to lick the cocks clean. I felt so utterly and delectably degraded as I took with relish into my mouth the instruments of my wild undoing.

It was past 11. Mia began to dress so as not to arouse suspicion with her partner by returning too late. Alex gave her a passionate kiss, then threw me to her.

"Go ahead, it's your turn." I hesitated, not knowing quite what to do, but Mia stepped forward, beautiful pierced and sexy Mia who had fucked both me and my Mistress, who tasted like ambrosia, and she drew me to her mouth. I took this beautifully sensuous vixen into my arms and kissed her for minutes. She sucked on and bit my lips and pulled my breasts and before I knew it she had pushed me to my knees and lifted her skirt and I was eating her out yet again, as voraciously as before, while Alex watched. There was no time to wonder about Alex's reaction as the sweet tender pussy of this lovely young girl captivated me beyond reason. I finished Mia off on the sofa. God, was she beautiful, funny hair and all! And insatiable too: she flooded my face with her cum and her orgiastic moaning drove me crazy.

We finally broke away from each other. I was smitten by this precocious shrew and hoped that she would stay the night, and turned to implore Alex to influence her. But Alex had retreated to the bedroom already, leaving us alone. And on her way out Mia whispered, "I want to do you proper, just you and me, when the time is right. Stop by the store."

* * * * * 

(to be continued, conclusion to follow. Feedback much appreciated!)