 I pouted as I watched Melanie type away on her laptop. She was so sexy when she was working. She had on her black pajama bottoms and a black sports bra. Her hair was up in a ponytail, and her face wore an expression of concentration. She was an advertising executive at the firm she worked at, and she had to close a deal with some big shoe chain. All of the details were a bit lost on me since I never cared much for business, but she loves it. 

So, I watched her sitting at her desk, putting finishing touches on her "pitch" and wished that she would pitch a few things my way. These past few weeks, I'd barely gotten any. When she gets wrapped up in one of her accounts, she kinda shuts off the love machine. "It's not that I don't want to, I've just got so much work to do, she'd tell me. It's these times that frustrate me the most. Normally, we're at it like rabbits, but sometimes, she takes on a big account and turns into a work horse.

I decided to try just one more time, see if I could get her to come to bed with me. After all, she told me that the details were pretty much done, and that she "just wanted to be sure" that everything was in order. Knowing her, that meant that she was improving something that was already perfect.

I walked over behind her and wrapped my arms around her, bending down to whisper in her ear. 

"Come to bed, baby." 

"Not tonight sweetie."

"But baby, I want you. I need you." I tried licking my way from her ear to her collarbone, and felt her shudder.

"I can't. The big day is tomorrow, and this is a million dollar contract," she told me, but I could feel her resolve weaken.

"But, baby, I really want you to." I kissed her ear. 

"Sorry baby, I'll be down here for a while. But, don't let me keep you." With that, she was back to her work. I sulked back to the room and fell into a restless sleep.

The next day, I woke up and fixed her breakfast. I knew that she would be a bit nervous, so I tried to ease her mind and feed her tummy.

When she came down in her suit, looking all business, I wanted to jump on her right then, but I resisted. 

We ate and talked about a friend's birthday coming up and what we should get him. Then, she finished, and I walked her to the door.

"Good today luck baby." I said, giving her a kiss and a squeeze on the butt. Then she was off to work. I watched the way her behind looked in her skirt as she walked away. Damn, if I didn't get some of her soon, I'd go mad! 

I'm a painter, and I work out of a studio in the back of our house. So, I finished up my breakfast, cleaned the dishes and walked to the studio. At first it was a little hard to concentrate, thinking about Melanie and the hope that I could get some that night. But, soon I was painting away.

Later that afternoon, when I was well into my painting, someone grabbed me from behind. I could feel something hard pushing up against the small of my back. Of course, I screamed as loud as I could. I was filled with fear and regret. Why hadn't I locked the door when I came in? Now this monster was in my studio and about to do something horrible to me.

"Shhhh...No one can hear you, and you're mine now anyway." Said a voice, and the intruder bit my neck. Immediately I was aroused. Melanie must have come home early after her meeting. I loved it when she got rough like this. 

"Bend over," she said, then pushed me against the table and kicked my legs apart. She leaned over and hissed into my ear, "You like this, don't you?"

All I could do was moan and nod. Melanie had such a power over me; I just couldn't resist her.

"I know you do, you little slut." She said, and shoved my sweatpants and underwear down past my knees. She rubbed my butt, her hands felt so hot. I pushed back against them, trying to feel more, but she moved them away. She pulled my hair, forcing my head back.

"Did I tell you that you could do that?"

"N-No, you didn't."

"No what?" Ooh! She was really taking charge today.

"No ma'am." I was so turned on, I had to struggle to stay standing.

"I didn't think so," she said, "That was a bad thing you did. So, what should I do to you?"

I had mentioned wanting to try submission, but Mel didn't seem to take it to heart. I was thrilled by the thought that she would actually spank me. By now, I'm sure she could smell my arousal and if she had put her hand between my legs, she'd have felt it too.

"I think you need to be punished," she said, rubbing hand against my bottom. 

"No. Please no!" I said, knowing she'd do it anyway.

"Oh, I have to. How else will you learn?"

I just whimpered and poked my butt out a little more.

She picked her hand up and I knew what was coming next. Her hand slammed down on my ass, and it stung like hell, but it felt so good all at the same time. I couldn't believe how turned on I was, I wanted nothing for than for her to spank me again, and she did. Her hand came down again, two, three, four...ten times, and each blow felt amazing. Then, she rubbed my sore behind, soothing the stinging sensation. She cooed into my ear, "Do you think you've learned your lesson?"

"Yes ma'am" I said, barely able to concentrate because as she bent over me to talk into my ear, I was reminded of that something hard between her legs. She pressed it into me through her pants, and I bit my lip.

"You feel that? You like that?" she said, almost as if she really didn't know the answer.

"Yes. It feels so good." 

"You want it?"

"Yes..."

"Yes what?" she shot back, giving me a slap.

"Aaahhh! Yes, ma'am!" I said. Where had she learned this, it was great!

"Are you sure?"

"Yes ma'am."

"What do you want me to do with it?"

"I want you to..."

"Yes...?"

"I...I want you to fuck me."

"Ooooh, such a dirty mouth for such a pretty girl." Smack "You want me to fuck you, huh?" I could hear her zipper, and my vagina spasmed. 

"Is this what you want?" She asked as she positioned the head so it was barely touching my swollen lips.

"Yes, ma'am. Please!"

"Please what? What do you want me to do? You want me to fuck you like the slut you are?"

"Yes! Yes ma'am!"

"Say it!"

"I want you to fuck my like the slut I am! I want you to fuck me hard with your dick! Please! Please fuck me!" I couldn't believe how readily I was begging her to have her way with me.

She chuckled and said, "I knew you were my little slut. You always will be." Then, she popped the head in.

The feeling was exquisite. "More!" I screamed, but she yanked it out, leaving me breathless.

"You don't make orders here! I'll tell you what you can and cannot have! You just shut up and take it!" she punctuated the " take it" with a loud slap on my ass.

"Yes ma'am." I didn't care what she said, just so long as she put that dildo back in me.

"Now, you'll just have to wait a little longer," she said, knowing that would be torture.

She scraped her nail lightly against my clit, and I almost fell. 

"Keep your ass in the air!" She said, grabbing my hips and hoisting me up a little higher.

"Yes ma'am."

Without warning, she pushed the head in once again. 

"Aaahh!"

"Feel good? You want more?" she said, I could hear the smile in her voice

"Yes ma'am. Please, give me more."

She slammed a few more inches into me, pulled out, then slammed in a little more. She kept going until I could feel her pelvis on my ass. She stayed there for a second and I marveled at the feeling of fullness. Then, she slowly pulled out and started a smooth rhythm. I was grabbing on to the sheet I had over the table to protect it from paint. Every thrust and every withdrawal felt amazing. 

She pulled my hair back, forcing me to bend my head toward her. She bit down on my shoulder and hissed into my ear.

"You like the way I fuck you?"

"Oh yes. I love it."

"Does it feel good?"

"It f-feels so good..."

"Mmm...you're my little slut aren't you?" 

"Yes, I'm your slut. I'll do whatever you want." 

Then, she laughed, threw me hard against the table, grabbed my hips and started ramming me hard. I was screaming in no time.

"You like that? Does it feel good?

"Yes...fuck me...fuck me hard."

"You better not cum!"

"No...oh God...I won't cum."

"You like it deep, don't you?"

"Yes. I love it. It feels so good."

"I know you do. You love the way this dick feels inside you, don't you?"

"Yes. I love your dick."

She was slamming into me like there was no tomorrow. I knew I'd be sore in the morning, but I didn't care. I was in ecstasy. I couldn't hold myself up anymore and had just fallen over on the table. 

"You want to cum?"

"Yes. Please let me cum!"

"Louder!"

"PLEASE! Let me cum! I want to cum!"

"You want to cum all over my dick don't you? You want to get my dick all slick and sticky."

"Yes...aahh...yess...please."

"Cum for me baby, cum hard for me." She said in a gentle voice that surprised me a little.

It think she came with me, because I could hear her yelling curses and "oh my god's" too.

"Oh God...yess...I'm cummming...aaaaahhhh!" I fell over, and she had to wrap her arms around my waist to steady us.

She slowed her pace as I came down from my climax. I felt like I was floating. Then, she picked me up and carried me to the bedroom where she ran a bath for me. She put me in, and climbed in after me. We sat and washed each other, then held each other. Then we got out and went to bed. Every now and again, she treats me with a romp like that, and I love it more every time.