 Katie turned twenty one right before Spring Break of this past year, and I was sure she was going to go to Fort Lauderdale or some equally alcohol drenched beach resort with her friends, after all, that's what I did when I was 21 and in college.

But instead, my little girl called me up a few weeks before and said she was coming home to see me and she was bringing her girlfriend. She had come out to me several months earlier, and although I was shocked, I thought I handled it pretty well for a mom in her late forties who had been brought up on traditional values, and tried to do the same with my kid.

I knew Katie's girlfriend's name was Nicole, but I hadn't seen a picture, or gotten so much as a description. I was envisioning all the stereotypes. I thought she'd be some ultra butch chick with short dirty blond hair wearing jeans and a t shirt, her wallet tucked in to her back pocket, secured by a chain hooked to her belt, it's awful I know, but Moms always think the worst when their kids are involved. My Katie is ultra fem, so I just knew whoever she had taken up with would be the man in their relationship. I was right about that, but completely wrong about the look.

When my daughter arrived she looked just how I remembered her, Katie plays tennis so she stays active and fit. She has long brown hair that she fusses over incessantly, green sparkling eyes and a pretty white smile her father paid dearly for. I don't know what I was expecting, like a big L stamped on her forehead or something, again, I thought the worst and no such thing materialized.

"Mom, I want you to meet Nicole." Katie said after we'd shared a long initial embrace. Nicole was stunning. She did have blonde hair, but it was long and wavy. Her blue eyes were engaging and her figure was amazing. She stood about the same height as Katie, and was dressed in shorts, a college t-shirt and flip flops, just like my kid. In fact, seeing them together made it hard to remember they were romantically involved, it was more like when my daughter was young and she'd bring her friends around to play.

"It's so nice to finally meet you Nicole." I said in my best mom voice.

"It's nice to meet you as well Ms. Johnson." Nicole said, giving me a friendly hug.

"Oh call me Debbie, please." I insisted as I ushered them into the house.

We all went inside and I offered something to drink, I was taken aback when Nicole asked if I had any wine. I scolded myself for thinking of these young women as girls and went into the basement to find a bottle of cabernet. When I came back I found them mid kiss and tried not to look too flabbergasted, I don't know how successful I was. They broke their kiss as soon as they realized I was in the room. Nicole used a finger to casually wipe her lip. My baby girl was giving this girl tongue! I wanted to be pissed off, or at least I thought I should be; as it turned out, I was moist.

We sipped our wine and traded small talk about school and about my job, Nicole complemented me on my looks more than once; I was flattered in a strange sort of way. We talked about Katie's dad and our divorce; just all the things girls talk about, except boys. Initially I had to keep myself from asking if they had met any cute guys. It's just kind of the normal thing to ask, and my brain was having a hard time not going there. But as the conversation wore on, I noticed these women were taken with each other. It was in the way they looked at each other, it was how they finished each other's stories, and it was the way they yielded to each other in the conversation. Ultimately I understood these two were really into each other, and happy. When you are a Mom, ultimately you want your kids to be happy; mine was, so I was happy too.

Nicole was very outgoing right away with me, by the time the afternoon had turned to evening, it was like we'd known each other for a long time. It was clear by watching the two of them, that Nicole was the dominant personality. She wasn't overbearing about it, but she led and Katie followed. It occurred to me that this woman had taught my daughter about sex with girls. Katie had been with boys before, but I'm pretty sure Nicole was her first lesbian experience. In a way I was envious. I'd been curious, but not curious enough to ever try anything. As a parent, you recognize that your kids are going to have sex eventually, some parents refuse to think about it, I accepted it and when it finally had happened I was kind of relieved. Knowing that she had been with a woman now wasn't necessarily a relief, but I was quickly not only accepting it, but happy about it. 

The next day was a work day for me and I hadn't been able to take off, the girls were still sleeping when I left. Nicole had been a dear and offered to stay in a separate room, but anxious to prove I was okay with their relationship, I told them not to do anything different than if they we're in their dorm room, or had actually gone on a more traditional Spring Break vacation. I had a hard time choking out the words, but tried to put it out of my head as I retired to my own room to go to sleep.

As it happened, my boss let me off early that next day and I tried calling Katie's cell to tell her I'd be home early and invite the two of them to lunch at the local tennis club where Katie had played growing up. She didn't answer so I just headed home. 

I parked in the driveway and headed inside, I was about to call Katie's name when I heard an odd noise coming from the part of the house where the bedrooms are. I headed carefully down the hallway, trying not to make any noise. In retrospect I knew what I was about to see, but had anyone asked I would have said I was investigating a mysterious noise and had no idea.

Of course what I found as I peered through my slightly cracked bedroom door was my daughter and her lover in the full throws of passion on my bed. I was mad they were using my bed, but strangely not mad about what they were doing on my bed. I started to back away, intending to give them privacy but curiosity got the better of me. I stepped back to the door way and peeked in again.

I couldn't see directly to my bed, but I was able to watch everything in the mirror on my dresser. Nicole was on her back, completely naked, legs open wide while my daughter had her head between Nicole's thighs and was furiously lapping at her lover's pussy. Judging by the look on Nicole's face, Katie was doing a spectacular job pleasing her girlfriend, and I found myself awkwardly proud that my daughter was apparently a good lover. I quickly tried to erase that thought from my mind, only to have it replaced by the stunning realization that my own pussy was becoming moist at the sight before me.

I became irritated at myself and was just about to back away again when I heard Nicole say something that made me change my mind.

"Lick my clit slave!" She barked at my daughter.

Did she say slave? I looked back through the door and into the mirror.

"Yes Mistress." Katie said as she repositioned herself to get a better angle on Nicole's clitoris.

Did she say Mistress? I wondered as I continued to watch.

Nicole reached between her thighs and grabbed a handful of Katie's hair, pulling her head into her crotch, helping her find the best spot to please Nicole. The rough treatment made Katie moan into her lover's pussy as though she enjoyed it. I'm sure my bottom jaw was bouncing off the carpet as I continued to spy on the girls.

Several minutes of intense cunnilingus passed and Nicole began to writhe under Katie's tongue; before long her panting turned to moaning and she was having an orgasm from something my little girl was doing to her. As it turned out, they were doing something to me; my hand reached almost instinctively under my skirt and massaged my throbbing pussy through my cream soaked pink satin panties.

I continued to watch and caress as Nicole slid away from my daughter's probing tongue and climbed off the bed. She grabbed a bag off the floor and put it on the bed. I watched as she rummaged through whatever was in there, and then she pulled it out; a huge strap on dildo that she handed to Katie and then ordered her to strap it to Nicole's body.

Katie took the toy in hand and began to fasten it to her lover's shapely hips and ass. The business end of the toy was at least 9 inches long and thick. I was torn between lust and fear as I was both turned on at the thought of watching that monster disappear inside Katie's pussy, and terrified that it would hurt her to take something that big inside. Lust won out and I continued to watch the scene unfold in the bedroom mirror.

Once Nicole was strapped into her faux phallus, she ordered Katie onto all fours on the bed. Katie, as she had been doing the whole time I'd been watching; obeyed immediately, keeping her legs parted so Nicole could have access to her pussy. I could tell, even from where I was, that Katie was drenched, thankfully however, Nicole lathered the toy with lube before she climbed onto the bed and into position behind my daughter.

Nicole pressed the head of the cock against Katie's pussy lips. "Are you ready slut?" She asked with a little venom in her voice.

"Yes Mistress," came the subservient reply. Nicole put her hand in the middle of Katie's back and urged her face to the mattress, giving Nicole great access to my daughter's upturned ass. As it was, this position afforded me a great view of everything as well, and mom me fought a losing battle with extremely horny me to stop watching.

"Ask for what you want." Nicole demanded.

"Please fuck me Mistress!" Katie moaned into the comforter.

My hand was deep in my panties rubbing my clit as I watch and listened to the scene inside.

"Fuck you where slut?"

"Please fuck my pussy Mistress."

"Are you sure?" Nicole asked. "I'm really liking the way your ass looks right now." I couldn't see Nicole smile, but I could hear it in her voice, and it was a wicked sounding smile to be sure. She realigned the head of the cock against Katie's puckered ass hole. It had been a long time since I'd been taken that way and the idea of it happening to Katie was tearing me apart. I forced my other hand into my panties and drove two fingers into my sopping cunt. Part of me wanted to see that dick slide into my daughter's ass. Part of me wanted to run into the room and save my kid from the nine inch long monster that was about to invade her most sensitive places. Still a third part of me wanted to run in and get on all fours and take it myself.

"Please fuck my pussy; I need it in my cunt Mistress." Katie pleaded.

"Well, because you did such a nice job licking my pussy, I'll stick this cock in yours; we'll save the anal for later." Nicole offered, repositioning the dildo head at the opening of Katie's pussy.

My own excitement had me weak in the knees, to the point where I could no longer stand. I got on my knees and kept my legs apart. My skirt was bunched up in my lap and my panties were pulled down around my ankles. I worked my fingers furiously against my sex, trying to maintain my silence, both not to be discovered and also so I could hear the sexy teasing going on in the bedroom.

My eyes were momentarily closed as I was caught up in my own pleasure, consequently I heard Katie moan, before I actually saw the dildo slide into her pussy. When I refocused on the scene in the bedroom, Nicole was all the way into my daughter and holding the length of the dildo inside her, gently swaying her hips back and forth, moving the cock around in Katie's pussy.

Katie purred until Nicole surprised both Katie and me by slapping Katie on the ass with an open hand. I gasped audibly, but I hoped it was drowned out by Katie's squeal.

"Thank you Mistress." Katie said.

"You like it when I spank you don't you slut?" Nicole said as she finally rocked back slowly pulling most of the nine inches out of Katie's pussy before plunging back into her with a sudden thrust.

"Yes Mistress!" Katie moaned as the dick sank back into her fully.

"I know you do." Nicole said as she gave Katie another slap.

"Thank you Mistress."

"Oh you're welcome baby." Nicole said as she started to increase the tempo of her in and out motion with the strap on.

There were several more spanks and then Nicole really ratcheted up her fucking of my daughter. Katie began to rock back to meet the cock as it slid into her. The sound of bodies colliding and smell of sex filled the air. I began to anticipate Katie's orgasm, and the thought of it drove me wild. My own fingers worked feverishly on my hot wet pussy. As I heard the urgency rise in Katie's moans, I felt it rise in my own body. I tried to stay focused on what was going on in the room, but it was all becoming too much. Just when everything was about to explode, Nicole turned her head toward the mirror, looked right at me and gave me a wink and a smile. My orgasm was fierce, I wanted to cry out, but my last shred of decency helped prevent me from doing that. I collapsed momentarily on the hallway carpet and listened to Katie have a rocking orgasm of her own before I gathered myself and slinked away. 

I got it together enough to get out of the house and back to my car, I drove around for a while replaying everything in my mind. The whole scene was ridiculous, but just thinking of it brought my arousal back and I found myself driving around town with one hand on the wheel and one hand between my legs. I only regained my composure when the cop pulled me over for running the stop sign four blocks from my house. 

Even after the cop finished writing me the ticket and pulled away, I stayed parked on the curb where I had pulled over. I tried to collect my thoughts and process what I had just witnessed in my bedroom. I was excited, proud, horny, terrified, ashamed, astonished all at the same time. I wasn't sure what to do, how to act. I was going to have to go back to that house sometime. I was trying to decide what I should do. Do I apologize for spying on them? Do I act like nothing happened? Do I get angry about them having their sex games in my bed? Should I confront Katie alone or Nicole for that matter? I had no clue, and naturally I couldn't ask anyone for their advice. Excuse me, I just got turned on watching my daughter submit sexually to her girlfriend in my own bed, how do you think I should handle this? The thought of asking someone that made me laugh at myself and that helped. I spent the better part of an hour thinking and remembering. Finally the person who lived at the house I was parked in front of came out to ask me if I was okay. I apologized for acting strangely, said that I was fine and started the car.

I pulled onto my street still not sure how I was going to handle things; I was suddenly very relieved to see Katie's car wasn't parked out front. I didn't think about what it could mean, I was just glad I had more time before I had to see either one of them face to face.

I got into the house and reached for the first bottle of wine I could find. I poured myself a full glass and headed into the living room to sip and sort things out. I sat on the couch and took a long pull from my glass. I was finally starting to calm down.  My couch is a sectional and forms a big L in the room. Only one side sits against a wall, I was on the other side and didn't hear Nicole sneak up behind me. When she whispered into my ear I almost spilled wine all over everything.

"Did you like watching me fuck your daughter?" She breathed into my ear.

Startled I jumped up and turned to face her.

"You shouldn't spy on people you know." She continued. "It's not nice." She was naked except she still wore the strap on cock around her body. Her hair was pulled into a tight pony tail and her sparkling blue eyes bore through me as She sauntered around the end of the couch and approached me.

I was in shock and couldn't say anything.

"People get into a lot of trouble spying on other people." Nicole said as she got right next to me. "The punishment can be quite harsh." She said as she grabbed a handful of my ass through my skirt. I let out a breathy sigh as she squeezed by bottom.

"What are you doing?" Was all I could manage.

"First, Debbie, I'm going to discipline you for spying on me, and then I'm going to make you my bitch. Isn't that what you are hoping I'm going to do to you?" She asked confidently as she circled me, trailing her fingernail across my ass and then over my belly, her eyes locked onto mine.

"No." I stammered.

"Oh yes it is. I saw you cumming in the hallway while I was using your daughter for my own pleasure. You want me to do to you everything I did to her, and probably more; I'm guessing you have a little more experience than Katie." Nicole grinned.

"Where is Katie?" I asked, trying to keep my eyes looking anywhere but at Nicole.

"She went out for a while. I told her I'd stay here and have a nap. I'm sure we'll have plenty of time alone together. "

"I don't want to play this game with you Nicole." I didn't believe it myself, and she saw right through me.

"Katie calls me Mistress." Nicole explained. "But I think you'll address me as Miss Nikki, or Ma'am."

"I will not." I said defiantly.

She smacked my ass hard over my skirt and I yelped. "No?" She asked.

"No." I stood my ground with all the conviction I could muster.

In an instant her hand was under my skirt and between my thighs from behind. "Your mouth says no, but your cunt says yes."  She said referring to my moistened pussy.

"Stop!" I said, but made no effort to pull away.

She caressed my creamy pussy through my panties and in moments most of my resistance was gone. Her fingers moved expertly over my cunt and made me hers in no time at all.

"Are you sure you want me to stop?" She asked when she'd seen my resolve collapse under her caress.

"No." I barely said the word.

"What?" She asked, slipping her fingers under the fabric of my panties and touching my actual flesh for the first time.

"No." I said a little louder this time.

Nicole pulled her hand out from under my skirt and slapped me hard on the ass. "What!?" She demanded.

I remembered my first submissive lesson. "No Miss Nikki." I said to my new dominatrix.

"Good girl, strip; but leave these dirty panties on." She commanded, returning her hand to my moist pussy.

She kept her hand there as I unbuttoned my blouse. I moaned as I tossed the shirt on the floor and then unbuttoned my skirt. She moved her hand just long enough to allow it to fall around my ankles. I stepped out of it and unclasped my bra. It found its way to the floor with the rest of my clothes.

"On your knees," Nicole ordered after all but my panties were discarded. Having given in I complied without hesitation. I was so sexually excited I could hardly stand it; all of my inhibitions were gone. 

Nicole stood in front of me with her big strap on cock jutting out from her body right in my face. I could smell the sex still on it and Nicole put the head of the thing right in front of my nose and mouth. "Lick it." She said, and I did. I ran my tongue all over the head and up and down the shaft.  I knew I was tasting and smelling Katie, but I didn't care; in fact it just made me wetter. 

More by instinct than anything else I wrapped my lips around the cock and took it into my mouth. This earned me a slap on the back of the head. "Who told you to suck, I said lick bitch!" Nicole scolded.

"I'm sorry Ma'am." I pleaded as I returned to licking the fake dick.

"You like the taste of your daughter on my cock?" Nicole teased.

"Yes Ma'am." I offered.

"Katie has a delicious pussy."  Nicole smiled as I continued to lick and slurp the phallus. "That's enough," Nicole finally said, "un-strap me." She ordered. I worked to get the harness off her body. I was excited to see her without the toy; I wanted to taste her pussy. It wasn't mean t to be though; Nicole had other things in mind.
