 Note: Part 1 of this story was mistakenly (on my part) posted under "Incest" several days ago. To catch up on the story so far please review that posting.

Tom moved around the house quietly the next morning as he got ready for work. Amy was awake but still in bed when he left her with a quick kiss. "I'll try to come home early," he said as he left her.

Amy lounged in bed and relaxed as the events of the previous night rolled through her mind once again. She replayed the images of Leslie masturbating over and over trying to burn the images into her mind. She remembered Diana's touch on her tit and the way her lips felt so soft and wonderful. 

Amy realized she must have dozed off again as the next thing she knew a couple of hours had passed and she could hear noises from down in the kitchen and from across the upstairs part of the house. She climbed out of bed and pulled on a pair of sweats and a T-shirt with nothing underneath. There was no need to grab a robe or worry about being overly modest as there were only women left in the house now, so she headed downstairs.

"Hi mom," Katie cheerily said as Amy entered the kitchen. Amy was pretty surprised to see that Katie was already dressed and was wearing her coat. Katie had been in the middle of writing a note when Amy entered.

"I didn't think you would be getting up anytime soon," Katie continued. "We thought we would head out and I would show my friends around town a bit. You know, show them my old high school and maybe do some shopping. You want to come?"

"No, you kids go ahead," Amy answered. "I could use a nice cup of coffee and a leisurely read of the paper. Have fun and I'll hang out with you when you get back."

Katie gave her a quick kiss on the cheek and went out the door with a wave. Amy heard the girl's excited conversation start up almost immediately and then heard the car doors close and the engine start before the car drove away.

Amy fixed a fresh pot of coffee and sat down with the paper and a steaming cup. She had been sitting for about 20 minutes when she thought she heard a noise on the stairs. "Hello?" she called out. She thought she was alone and was taken by surprise by the noise of someone else in the house.

"Oh, hi Mrs. Hudson," Diana said from the stairs. "I hope I didn't scare you."

"No, not at all," Amy lied, "I just didn't realize anyone else was here."

Diana walked into the bedroom looking a bit like she had just rolled out of bed which, in fact, she had. Her jet black hair was tangled and her clothes were crumpled from the night's sleep. She wore a man's flannel shirt that was probably about two sizes too big for her and faded from age and use. The top three buttons were open exposing Diana's chest as she stood in the kitchen. Much more could have been exposed, Amy noticed, but the shirt just above where the first button was attached currently happened to be lying together. The shirt came all the way down to just above Diana's knees and she didn't appear to have any shorts on underneath.

"Can I get you something for breakfast?" Amy asked.

"I'd love a cup of coffee," Diana replied, "other than that I'm not a big breakfast eater. Mind if I just look around for something to nibble on?"

Amy poured her a cup of coffee as she told her where she might want to look for things to eat. Diana waited by the table and took a big sip of coffee when Amy offered her the cup. "Thanks," she smiled at Amy. Amy took her seat again as Diana turned and moved to the refrigerator. 

Amy picked up the paper and acted like she had resumed reading, but the reality was that she was watching Diana. Diana opened the frig and leaned inside looking around. Amy noticed the bottom of the shirt had ridden up and exposed more of her thighs. Diana stood up and closed the door turning back toward the table with a yogurt container in her hand. Amy had to look away quickly so Diana wouldn't catch her staring.

"Is it OK if I have this?" Diana asked holding out the yogurt container.

"Sure," Amy answered without looking up from the paper. "The spoons are in the second drawer to your right."

Amy looked up again and immediately noticed that Diana's nipples were now poking through her top. Amy tried to discreetly watch Diana as she got a spoon and sat opposite the table from her. Diana took the comics and appeared to be engulfed in them and in eating her yogurt.

Amy was confused by what she felt as she watched Diana this morning. She was curiously drawn to watch Diana's body and had quickly noticed that the younger woman wasn't wearing a bra. Her tits, average in size for her 5' 5" frame, swayed erotically as she moved about the kitchen. 

Suddenly Amy realized why so many times in her life she had caught guys staring at her tits. She could barely pull her eyes away from Diana's sweet tits. Seeing her excited nipples had caused a knot to form in Amy's stomach and she felt a sexual tingle between her legs. "What the hell is going on?" Amy wondered to herself, "How can I be feeling like this for another woman?"

In the silence that followed Amy realized how nervous she had suddenly become. Nearly 12 hours earlier she had almost agreed to a lesbian encounter with Diana and now they were alone in the house and seemingly acting like nothing had happened. Amy's own excitement at Diana's body and erect nipples surprised her and made her very horny and uncomfortable at the same time.

"So why didn't you join the other three this morning?" Amy asked trying to break the silence.

Diana answered that she wanted to sleep in. "I'm not sure what got into them," she continued, "but I sure wasn't looking for an early start to my first day of vacation." Diana and Amy both laughed at that statement and there was the briefest pause before Diana made eye contact with Amy. "And," she paused for a moment as if unsure what to say next, "I was kind of hoping to spend some time with you."

Amy felt like she had been hit in the stomach with a board. She sat looking into Diana's eyes not knowing what she should say. Last night in the dark house after spying on Leslie masturbating she had indeed wanted to fuck Diana. She wasn't really sure why she stopped it with Diana when all of her primal urges wanted her to continue. She supposed it was that she didn't want to feel like she was cheating on Tom, but somehow that almost seemed a silly idea as Tom had made it clear many times that his greatest fantasy was for her to fuck another women. Maybe she was simply afraid of getting caught with the other three girls being so close. If that was the case there was nothing to stop her now.

As she sat alone before Diana woke up Amy had reflected on the night before as almost like a dream. In the bright light of the morning it seemed very far away and almost as if it didn't really happen. Amy had convinced herself the encounter meant nothing until she had seen Diana walk into the kitchen and she felt all the same mixed emotions she had in the dark of the upstairs when Diana fondled her tit the previous night.

Amy was suddenly snapped back to the moment by the feel of Diana's hand touching hers. Amy looked up again at Diana as they sat holding hands across the table. Amy still didn't know what to say but suddenly she heard words coming from her mouth. "I wasn't sure what to do," she paused as she searched for what to say next, "I mean, I've never done anything like that before..." Her voice trailed off without any sort of conclusion.

Diana rubbed her hand softly with her thumb and answered back, "Don't worry, I have." She stood up from the table and Amy felt herself also standing up. Amy and Diana both moved around the table and stood face to face with only a few inches between their bodies. Diana still held Amy's hand in one of her hands and took hold of Amy's other hand as they stood in silence.

Diana tilted her head and moved her lips toward Amy much as she had done to start their kiss the previous night. Just as she had done the previous night Amy responded by moving forward. Their lips met in a very soft and tender kiss that seemed like it lasted ten minutes.

Amy couldn't believe how excited she was. Her lips gently played with Diana's and they slowly let their lips slide back and forth together. Amy's pussy was now tingling and she could feel herself getting wet as their soft kiss continued.

Much to her own surprise it was Amy who advanced things as she let her lips part and extended her tongue until she met Diana's. Their kiss increased in passion as they let their tongues slide against each other. Amy slipped her tongue inside Diana's mouth and ran it over her teeth and around her lips and moaned when Diana did the same to her. 

Amy had kissed Tom like this thousands of times, but she couldn't remember when it had this kind of effect on her. The softness of Diana's lips and skin as they kissed excited Amy. In addition, Amy loved the feeling of Diana's tits softly rubbing against her own as the two women swayed slightly while they kissed.

Diana was feeling similar excitement as she had never before been with a woman as old as Amy. In nearly all of her encounters with women Diana had been the experienced lover whose role was to nurture along the timid and sometimes clumsy newcomer. 

It was true that Amy may not have ever been with a woman before but she clearly was an experienced lover as her kiss sent chills down Diana's spine. It was tender yet wanting, and the way Amy used her tongue to tease Diana's mouth only made Diana's pussy ache in anticipation of what that tongue could do in other places.

As they kissed they held each other's hands until Diana finally slipped her hands out of Amy's and wrapped her arms around Amy's back. Amy did likewise and their embrace became tighter as they began rubbing each other's backs. Amy could feel their tits pressed firmly together now and couldn't help but sway her body from side to side slightly to add to the soft friction between them. After many more minutes of kissing and caressing in the kitchen Diana broke their kiss momentarily and whispered, "Can we move upstairs?" 

Amy smiled and took Diana's hand as she led the younger woman upstairs into the master bedroom. They resumed their kiss as they stood next to the bed. After a few more minutes Diana again parted their embrace and looked into Amy's eyes as she asked, "May I give you a massage?"

Diana had used a massage as an excuse to get some of her inexperienced lovers naked and in bed before, but this time she suggested it out of a genuine desire to explore Amy's body. Diana wanted to be able to touch and explore Amy fully, and she also figured that a massage might help relax Amy. The older woman was definitely game to continue but Diana could feel her nervousness as they kissed.

"Yes," Amy whispered hoarsely in answer to Diana's question. 

Diana smiled warmly at her and let her hands move to the bottom of Amy's T-shirt. With a single, slow motion Diana pulled the shirt up and over Amy's head as Amy lifted her arms to assist. Amy watched Diana as she stared at her exposed tits. Despite being nearly twice as old as Diana Amy's tits only sagged a tiny bit and held their shape very well. Amy felt her nipples grow tight as she could almost hear the excitement in Diana's breathing as the younger woman stared at her tits.

Emboldened by the response Amy moved her hands to the drawstring holding her sweats up. She untied the knot and softly pushed the sweats down her legs. They were too big for her anyway and easily fell into a heap around her feet exposing herself completely to Diana. Diana bent over and pulled Amy's feet out of the sweats before slowly standing back up. As she stood Amy could almost feel Diana's eyes exploring her naked body and Amy felt herself growing excited at the look of lust on Diana's face.

Diana guided Amy onto the bed and had her lay on her stomach. Amy turned her head to the side and watched as Diana quickly unbuttoned her flannel shirt before pulling it off. She had been naked underneath and Amy felt a jolt of excitement as she watched the now naked Diana crawl onto the bed with her.

Diana knelt next to Amy and began massaging her shoulders and neck. Diana let her fingers pass over every part of Amy's soft shoulders and upper back over and over as she could feel her own excitement grow and feel Amy's body relax. Diana continued the massage by moving to Amy's lower back. She skipped Amy's ass and moved down to her feet instead. Diana took her time and softly massaged each of Amy's legs stopping each time just when her fingers were about to contact Amy's pussy. She knew her touch was affecting Amy as the older woman's moans had become more and more sexual as the massage continued. As she finished massaging Amy's second thigh Diana also became aware of the heavy scent of Amy's excited pussy.

Finally Diana's fingers slipped onto Amy's ass and Amy moaned in response. Diana tenderly massaged Amy's soft ass and occasionally let her fingers dip between her legs. Diana still hadn't touched Amy's pussy but she was coming closer and closer and driving Amy wild with anticipation.

Diana's own excitement had now grown to a barely controllable level. What she desperately wanted was to flip Amy over and straddle her in the 69 position so both women could wildly suck each other's pussy. She knew she needed to advance things soon but also didn't know if Amy was quite ready for that yet. Instead Diana rolled Amy over onto her back and immediately sucked one of Amy's nipples into her mouth. 

Amy let out a long groan as Diana began circling her tongue around and around the hard point. Diana moved from one tit to the other as she let her lips, tongue, and sometimes teeth tease and excite Amy. Amy was moaning over and over at the sensations Diana was giving her. Diana seemed to instinctively know just when and how to touch her for maximum excitement. Tom was wonderful in bed and never left Amy wanting, but something in Diana's easy style and smooth movements really affected Amy. It was as if Diana could read Amy's mind and knew just what to do at all times.

With one last swirl of her tongue Diana began sliding down Amy's body softly licking and kissing her stomach as she moved. As she felt Diana moving down her body, Amy spread her legs in anticipation of feeling Diana's hot mouth and tongue at her pussy. Amy's pussy was already dripping wet and she felt an additional charge of excitement and lust when she felt Diana's tits drag over her pussy as Diana moved herself into position.

Diana stopped with her face just inches over Amy's pussy and paused for a moment to enjoy the view. Amy had spread her legs wide and her pussy was glistening with wetness. Diana inhaled Amy's musky scent and then lowered her head to Amy's pussy.

"Ohh, fuck yes," Amy moaned as Diana's tongue almost immediately found her clit and started playing with it. After the expert teasing Diana had given her tits Amy couldn't wait for what she had in store for her pussy. Amy wasn't disappointed.

Diana mostly used her tongue but also her lips and some suction to quickly tease Amy into a wild frenzy. Amy usually wasn't overly vocal during sex but she couldn't stop herself from talking and gasping as Diana drove her wild. Diana had started by teasing Amy's clit mercilessly but had shifted her attention to fucking Amy with her tongue. Amy was gasping, "Fuck me, that feels so fucking good," as Diana drove her tongue in and out of her soaked pussy.

Diana then decided to join the dirty talk and asked, "You like this?"

Amy looked into her eyes and simply answered, "Yes."

"Do you want to cum for me?

"Yes, I want to cum on your face. Please make me cum."

Diana lowered her mouth to Amy's pussy again and started to fuck her wildly with her tongue. Suddenly she pulled her tongue out and started to wildly tease Amy's clit. As soon as Diana's tongue touched her clit Amy gasped, "Ohhh God," and could feel herself tense as her orgasm hit her full force.

Amy groaned over and over as she writhed under Diana's expert tonguing in the throes of her orgasm. Diana continued teasing her clit, although much more gently, after Amy started to cum. Once she felt Amy's orgasm had passed and could feel Amy's body relaxing as she tried to regain herself, Diana slipped her tongue back downward and started to lazily lick at Amy's pussy hole.

Amy was in a state of pure bliss as she was still on her post-orgasm high with Diana licking at her. She moaned softly and purred, "That feels so good." Diana continued to softly lick and slurp at Amy's pussy for several long minutes before she eventually pulled herself away and crawled up over Amy.

She lay down on top of her older lover and they kissed deeply. Their tongues swirled back and forth and Amy couldn't believe how exciting it was to feel the softness of another woman's lips and face during a kiss. She could taste her own juices on Diana's face and tongue and knew that she wanted to bring Diana to the same kind of orgasm she had just felt. 

They rolled over together so Amy was now on top of Diana and they continued their kiss. As their kiss parted Diana looked softly into Amy's eyes and said, "Fuck me." She paused for a moment as she sensed uncertainty in Amy's eyes before adding, "Don't worry about what to do. You already know. Just do what feels natural."

Amy moved her face to Diana's neck and began bathing her neck and shoulders in soft kisses and gentle licks. Diana moaned and sighed as Amy tenderly explored her. Next Amy moved to Diana's tits and began by simply massaging them in her hands. Diana groaned again and couldn't believe how amazing Amy's touch felt. She knew this was her first time with a woman, but she still had a confidence and purpose to her touch and actions that Diana's previous young lovers never had. "She may not know how to fuck a woman, but she clearly knows how to fuck," Diana thought to herself just as Amy lowered her head and began running her tongue around and around the soft flesh of Diana's tits.

Diana couldn't remember being this excited or this wet and all she wanted was for Amy to suck her pussy and make her cum. As much as she wanted this she didn't want Amy to stop sucking her tits as she was driving Diana wild. Amy had softly teased her nipples into two hard points and then had seemingly coaxed them to become even harder and tighter. 

Finally Diana couldn't wait and longer and groaned, "Fuck me. Lick my pussy."

Amy moved down between Diana's spread legs and looked at the younger woman's pussy. It was the first time she had even seen another woman's pussy spread like this, but somehow she knew exactly what she should do. She lowered her mouth and began teasing the lips and folds of Diana's pussy with her tongue. It was all new and incredibly unknown and exciting, but at the same time something made it feel familiar and comfortable at the same time.

She continued sucking Diana's pussy and made sure to tease her clit for a long while. Diana was moving her hips wriggling on the bed as she moaned over and over from Amy's teasing. Seeing Diana's response gave Amy more confidence and she continued bathing Diana's pussy with her tongue. "I can't take any more, make me cum," Diana groaned.

Amy hadn't thought about how she wanted to make her cum, but instinctively she brought her tongue to Diana's wet hole and started driving it up inside her pussy. Amy hadn't done this yet and started to fuck Diana with her tongue as the younger woman's breathing became more erratic and she started pushing her pussy up into Amy's face.

Amy continued fucking her with her tongue until Diana tensed as she drove her pussy hard into Amy's face. Amy shoved her tongue as far inside Diana as she could and held it there as Diana groaned, "Oh, fuck," and started to cum. Diana's pussy twitched and shook around her tongue and Amy became very excited by the feeling. She held her tongue deep inside Diana's pussy until her orgasm started to pass and then she pulled it out and started to tenderly kiss and lick at Diana's dripping wet pussy just as Diana had done to her.
