 It had been such a long day for Tessa. First, she overslept and was almost late to work. Of course her boss, a. k. a "The Total Bitch From Hell Almighty" was waiting at her desk when she got there, already prepared to ream her out and decide to treat her like she had been for the rest of the day anyway. Next, everything she attempted to do took twice as long as it should have, and the barrage of phone calls she suffered as a result would have tried a monk's patience. Finally, she ended up caught in the mother of all traffic jam on the drive home, the kind that made her seriously leaving the fucking scrapheap she called a car by the side of the road and just walking home; the piece of shit almost overheated anyway. 

And the icing on her cake, the thing that really made her want to ram her head into a wall, was the call from Sara. The only thing that had kept her sane all day was the fact that Sara was coming home tonight; so of course, just as she was preparing to join what would soon be a shitstorm of an evening commute, Sara rings her to tell her that she was snowed in in Detroit and wouldn't be able to get home until tomorrow morning at the earliest. 

Son of a bitch, she thought pulling into her space in front of the apartment. Isn't 3 weeks long enough to sleep alone? 

Throwing her keys on the table next to the door, she decided a bubble bath is just what she needed to unwind - that and a bottle of scotch! Stripping off her clothes as she walked through the house, she grabbed her favorite CD of disco songs on her way to the bathroom. Sara hated it, but she'd been stupid enough to get herself snowed in after being away for so long so Tessa decided to treat herself. 

Speaking of treats, she decided that the perfect thing to go with the steaming bath and soothing bubbles wasn't scotch but ice cream. She looked at herself in the freestanding mirror and wrinkled her nose. She looked like a school teacher with her long dark hair piled on top of her head. She was full figured, maybe a little more buxom than a lot of women, with dimples in her thighs and behind her knees that creased deeply when she exerted herself. She cupped her breasts and pinched her nipples, sighing as the blood rushed into them and made them swell seductively. 

"Fuck Sara," she grumbled as she padded into the kitchen. 

Her breasts swayed heavily and her thighs brushed against each other, sending little sparks through her and pushing her irritation out of her mind momentarily. Opening the freezer, she felt her nipples stiffen even harder when the cold air hit them, making her sigh again. 

After rummaging around for a few moments she located the carton she'd been searching for, a decadent pint of ice cream with rich swirls of caramel laced throughout. She looked down at her generous hips and reconsidered; Fuck it, she'd earned a little bit of pleasure after the day she'd had. 

Back in the bathroom, she sank down into the water, feeling it flow warmly across her skin, caressing her in unseen places. She scooped out a huge mound and practically inhaled it, relishing the first creamy sweet bite. 

The combination of fragrant bath oils and sweet ice cream had an oddly erotic effect on her. She closed her eyes, a satisfied smile spreading across her lips, and settled deeper into the tub, the discordant falsetto of "Staying Alive" carrying her to a happier place. Her muscles began slowly unknotting and she the carton slipped from her grasp, falling to the tiled floor with a mushy splat. 

She jolted upright, her first thought that Sara was going to have a cow about the mess. Then she remembered that Sara wouldn't be home tonight and she fell back, dejected. Naturally, the more she tried to push Sara and her disappointment out of her mind, the more she thought about her. 

Just saying her name out loud made Tessa happy. They had known each other for five years, but had only been lovers for the last two. Sara was the taller and the thinner of the two, with strawberry blonde hair and hazel eyes. She had a sprinkling of freckles across the bridge of her nose, but the rest of her skin was creamy white. 

Thinking about Sara made Tessa's body start tingling. She cupped her breasts, squeezing them and pulling on her nipples, twisting and making them hard. Reaching under the water she flicked her finger against her clit and shuddered. The pressure was becoming unbearable and Tessa soon gave in to the demands of her body. Slowly she rubbed her throbbing clit, before shoving two fingers inside her steaming pussy. 

Oblivious to anything other than the sensations flooding through her body, she never heard Sara lean against the door jamb. She stripped silently and slipped a finger between her legs, fighting the urge to interrupt before Tessa reached the climax that Sara sensed was near. 

Placing her feet on either side of the tub, Tessa let out a little squeal as her fingers curled repeatedly against her g-spot, drilling deeper. With her free hand she pinched and pulled her nipples, wishing it was Sara's teeth instead. 

She was almost there, the orgasm just beginning to cloud her brain, when a sixth sense alerted her to another presence. Jerking upright and snatching her fingers out, she wailed with fear and frustration, trying to focus on the intruder. 

Shock spread through her as she realized it was Sara. Wordlessly, Sara hurried over and dropped to her knees, easing Tessa back down in the tub. She jammed one hand between Tessa's legs, working two fingers inside and started roughly finger fucking her. To help matters along, she pressed her thumb against Tessa's swollen clit, driving her right over the edge. Tessa's eyes rolled back in her head as her body thrashed around and she screamed aloud, her body exploding in successive waves of sensation. 

When the intensity subsided, she opened her eyes and launched herself at her lover, laughing. She caught Sara in a rolling tackle, ignoring the water splashing and the coolness of the floor on her warm skin, kissing her lover full on the lips. 

"God, I missed you so much, Sara," Tessa moaned, her hands frantically roaming all over Sara's body. 

All the pent up frustration of the day, combined with the glorious afterglow of her orgasm and the joy of Sara arriving home unexpectedly pushed her previous state of arousal to fever pitch. Grinding her body against Sara's, fisting her hands in her hair and thrusting her tongue in and out of her mouth, she wasn't even aware of the little mewling sounds she was making. 

Sara grabbed Tessa's bare ass, squeezing it almost painfully as they writhed together on the floor; it almost looked like some epic battle, a life and death struggle. Each tried to gain dominance over the other, but neither could get in the proper position. They crashed into the vanity, knocking brushes and bottles to the floor, but neither noticed. 

"It's ok" Sara cooed over and over again, sensing her partner's urgency. 

Tessa kissed and licked her way down Sara's neck, almost biting, sliding off to the side and clamping her lips down on Sara's hard nipple. Hearing the gasp of half pain half pleasure spurred her on. She licked and suckled, making the nipple harder and turn an angry red. Still not satisfied, she moved down until she could bury her face in Sara's cunt, plunging her tongue deep and lapping up the juices, flicking up against her clit. 

Sara groaned and grabbed Tessa's head forcing her face deeper in her pussy, grinding her hips up and down. Without warning she came, screaming out Tessa's name, as her juices flooded into Tessa's welcoming mouth. 

Not bothering to pause, Tessa slid her fingers into Sara's pussy, pulling them slowly out and pushing them back in forcefully. She continued to lick around Sara's clit, pumping her fingers in and out as Sara moaned. 

Eventually, Sara was able to twist around so she could lap at Tessa's thighs. Wiggling and squirming, they ended up in the classic 69 with Sara on top. She spread Tessa's lips wide, stopping to stare at the beautiful pink aroused flesh, before lowering her head and sucking at the moisture forming. 

Suddenly she felt something different pressing into her pussy. Tensing, she turned and saw that Tessa had retrieved a brush that had fallen and was using it as a makeshift dildo. 

"Oh damn girl!" Sara cried out as the brush buried deeper. 

Sara plunged her thumb into Tessa's sopping wet pussy, coating it with her slippery juices, before sliding it out and pressing it into Tessa's ass without preamble. Tessa cried out, squirming to try to get away, but Sara was relentless, pushing her thumb in as far as it would go. 

The tongue on Tessa's swollen clit, flicking it roughly, was driving her toward a second orgasm, but she wanted to take Sara with her. She started fucking Sara with the brush harder, pushing it deep and twirling it around before sliding it almost out and back in again. 

"Now, Sara! Come with me now!" Tessa begged as she felt her body start to tremble. 

Tessa licked and sucked on Sara's clit just like Sara was doing to her, the brush punishing her pussy. Sara moaned into Tessa's pussy, shoving her tongue in. She tensed and felt the pleasure start deep down inside her. She could do nothing but hold on as Tessa cried out also, her pussy filling with juices. Together they held on as their orgasms overtook them. They lay there for a long while, until it dawned on Sara that they were sprawled on their bathroom floor. Smiling and laughing, she sat up. 

"Honey, I'm home!"