 Chapter One: Learning to Fly

It was the holidays, and I was about to fly to my parents house for the holidays. It was the first time that I've had to fly, so as I walked nervously down the aisle of the plane, trying to find my seat number. I was terrified. Finally I reached an empty seat, checking the number again on my ticket, and then smiled nervously at an older, more mature woman. I squeezed pass her and sat in my seat. 

"First time?" the woman next to me said.

"I guess that's pretty obvious, I'm not normally this uncoordinated," I said to her

"Don't worry about it, I've been flying for almost twenty five years now, it gets so I worry more about crossing midtown in a cab more than I do about flying to Los Angeles." 

"Amanda Robson, But me friends call me Mandy," I said as she extended her hand. 

"I'm Barbara Logan." Came the reply. "Nice to meet you Amanda. Don't worry, by the time we get to your destination you'll be a veteran." 

"Don't be surprise if you find me holding your hand for support when this thing takes off." I said. 

Barbara's smile dimmed just a little. "I usually take the train, from city to city, but I found this is more relaxing for the meetings" She said.

Ten minutes later, the flight attendants had finished their safety speech, one which I followed with a keen interest. The fasten seat belts light had come on and the 747-400 took its turn on the flight line. 

Barbara could feel my hand tensing up when the cabin filled with the roar of the jet's engines as the pilot brought them up to full power. As the plane began to rush down the runway, Barbara reached over and took my hand in her own. I gripped her hand tightly as the wheels of the jet bumped once then took to the air. The night sky filled the small window, leaving the city lights quickly behind. 

After about ten minutes of climbing to gain their cruising altitude, the seat belt light went off. People then began to move around the cabin and get as comfortable as they could. A casual look around her told Barbara that most of her fellow passengers intended to sleep their way cross-country. 

"I guess you can let go now." Barbara said with a smile. "We made it once again."

"Would you mind terribly if I held on a little longer?" I asked her.

"Well, I guess it couldn't hurt." Barbara responded. If that was the most attention she wanted, then maybe she could get some sleep after all. 

With that Barbara, the 45 year old woman leaned back in her seat and closed her eyes. Ten minutes later she was lost in dreamland. 

Roughly two hours later, Barbara woke up, feeling the call of nature. The cabin around her was dark, except for the maintenance lights. Brushing her hair out of her brown eyes, she could see that most of the people around her were sleeping, the few who were not sat quietly reading. Turning to her left, she saw that I was still wide awake. Still holding tightly onto her hand. 

"

Couldn't get any sleep huh?" Barbara asked. 

"No, I tried but I'm still too scared." I replied. "I hope you don't mind my still holding on, it really does make me feel better." 

"Well I'm afraid that you're going to have to let go for at least a little while, I need to use the facilities." Barbara replied.

"Oh, I'm sorry." I sputtered and quickly released her grip. 

"Don't worry, I'll be right back." The older woman said reassuringly as she rose and started down the aisle

She had gone about six rows when she turned and saw that I was right behind her. "Figured I should make a stop too." I said. 

"Like having a kid sister all over again." I thought back, remembering my days with my older sister Jill. 

I closed the door behind me, I unbuttoned my skirt, and it fell to the floor, then I pulled my pink panties down to my ankles. I sat down on the cold plastic seat. My hand drifted to between my legs for my aching pussy. I kept my eyes closed and let my hand take care of my desire. Not touching my clit because it was too sensitive, I circled my fingers around it. My arousal became intense as my groin became very warm, and I felt my muscles tighten. 

I didn't realize the Barbara was waiting for me on the outside. Standing outside the small chamber, Barbara had noticed that I had forgotten to engage the lock on the door. No problem though, as most of the plane was dark and asleep 

Five minutes turned to ten, and Barbara began to become concerned that was taking so long. Could the girl have gotten sick? Waiting another few minutes, she reached for the door handle and slowly opened it.

"Oh my." She said softly as she looked into the small bathroom. 

As I was sitting on the seat, my pink panties down around my ankles. My head was arched back and her eyes were tightly closed. What had surprised Barbara to see this fine young woman having three fingers buried in her pussy and was furiously masturbating. 

"Excuse me," Barbara said as she began to close the door. 

My eyes popped open and her skin flushed a bright red. "Oh shit!" I exclaimed. "I'm so embarrassed." 

Seeing one of the passengers in the rear seats sit up in response to the curse, Barbara reopened the door and stepped inside. The last thing I needed right now was a public display. 

"Well I guess that's one way to take your mind off flying." Barbara said with a grin, trying to make light of the incident. 

"I really hadn't intended to do this." I said. "I just started to stroke myself and it felt so nice. Pretty soon I forgot I was on a plane." 

"Then by all means, continue." Barbara said as she again turned to go.

"Could you still stay with me?" I asked her. 

"I'll stay on one condition?" She answered. 

I answered with a quizzical look. "That you let me help." 

The bright smile on my face was all the answer that Barbara needed. 

Lifting me into a standing position, Barbara reached down and slid her index finger into my pussy. Finding that it was already wet and well lubricated, she soon added a second and third finger. I moaned softly as the sudden intrusion. 

As her fingers worked their magic within the folds of my young pussy, Barbara pulled her closer and kissed her softly. It was the first time I had another woman giving me oral enjoyment. I had forgotten had nice it felt. I returned the kiss, pressing my tongue against Barbara's lips. The older woman took it eagerly as she savoured the taste. 

It was a bit awkward at first, but soon our mouths were moving as one, and our tongues performed an erotic dance from mouth to mouth. Our hands eagerly explored each other's body, fondling each other's cloth covered breasts. Barbara slid her hand within my blouse and under the cup of my medium 34B bra. Closing on my nipple, she found them hard to the touch. 

Cramped in the tiny booth, Barbara was limited in her options. "I've got an idea." Barbara said as she shifted positions with me and took my place over the commode. 

"Jump up." She whispered as she helped me onto the small vanity sink. 

Sitting down on the seat, Barbara now found her head level with my exposed cunt. She reached out with her cum soaked finger and parted the light blonde hair. 

"Have you ever had anyone do this for you before?" Barbara asked as she slid the finger back inside Sam's tunnel. 

"Only once, my ex-boyfriend, he really didn't like doing it." Came my reply. 

"Then just lean back and enjoy it." Barbara responded as she remove her finger and took a firm grip on the girl's thighs.

Pulling my legs as far apart as she could, Barbara wasted no time in diving right in. It was hot in the tiny cubicle, and the sharp smell of flesh and sweat quickly filled the room. I began to moaning again and again as Barbara's tongue worked it's way deep within my pussy. The more the tangy taste of my sweat and cum filled Barbara's mouth, the more intense became Barbara's desire to bring me to a new level of euphoria. 

Finally, my body tensed and I gripped the edge of the vanity with all of my might. I trembled with indescribable ecstasy as a rushing wave of girl cum burst upon across Barbara's pulsating tongue and open mouth. Pressing her face as far within my open valley as she could, Barbara swallowed surge upon surge of my womanly joy. So intense had been my eruption, that Barbara was unable to swallow all of it. Small dripping of the precious fruit of her efforts ran off her chin and down to her breasts. Her mouth and nose were likewise covered with a sweet film of my girl juice. 

A few seconds passed before either of them could speak. Finally, I managed to catch my breath and said softly. "That was intense!" 

"Intense, she says." Barbara said lightly. 

Standing upward, Barbara leaned over and kissed me again. I then responded in a kind gentle kiss. My probing tongue ran across the older woman's face, allowing me to taste my own sweat and cum mixture that covered it. 

"Ladies and Gentlemen, this is the Captain speaking came the voice over the intercom." We'll be landing at Los Angeles International in about fifteen minutes, please return to your seats, and make sure that all seats to an upright position and make sure your seatbelt is securely fastened." 

We quickly cleaned up as fast as we could, but it was impossible to eliminate the smell of sex that clung to both of us. Returning to our seats, they drew several stares from passenger's as we moved down the aisle. All we could do was ignore the looks, secure in the knowledge that they would never see any of these people again. 

Twenty-five minutes later, they were safely on the ground and rolled up to the passenger terminal. Sensing that I was becoming increasingly uncomfortable with the roundabout looks and whispered remarks, Barbara suggested that she disembark as soon as the door opened. 

"I can't believe we did that." I whispered. 

"Well now you have something to remember the next time you fly. I'm sure that you want have any trouble in the future," Barbara whispered back. 

"I'm sure I won't" I replied, then gave her a smile and a wave of my hand, and I departed from the plane, never to see her again. As I walked down the walkway, my legs felt like jelly from my orgasm. And with that Barbara was gone, the first woman to give me pleasure.

As I walked down the hall, I felt something in my back pocket; it was Barbara's business card. It read: Barbara Logan......Senior Partner.....Brandon, Richards, Carson and Logan Law Firm. Written in red ink across the back were the words - I'm staying at the Airport Inn. Please give me a call. I'd love to take you to dinner. 

I smiled and was about to toss the card in the nearby wastebasket. Then, I hesitated for a moment, and instead slid the small card back into my pocket. After all, I would be going out to dinner, better than eating alone in a strange city. Besides, I had time to kill before my parents arrived, to come and pick me up. What the hell, what have I got to lose?