 Chatper 3 - A Day At the beach.

I was on my summer holidays, spending with my family. It was a warm morning, as I woke fully naked in my bed, and finding that Dad, and Mum had left for work leaving me with the apartment, for the day. I found little need for clothes, as I only wore them as a common courtesy. I enjoyed the beach. I love to work on my tan, and to swim in the clear blue water. I was in hoilday mode and I spent most of time lazing around, and making a big effort of keeping my pussy pretty and smooth. 

I kept my body bikini clad most of the time and so it was decided that it was a good idea to keep it neat and presentable. Like that I was getting any action.

The day started like any other, I woke and snuggled in my bed totally naked, as the satin sheets felt nice and sexy against my skin. I ran my hands up and down my body as far down to my thin, smooth legs, and up to my shaved pussy, continuing up to my toned flat stomach to rest a second on my 'C' cup breasts. I loved my breasts. They filled out any shirt and swimsuit I put on, which brought out my nipples, which stood up most of the time, as I found myself constantly aroused. 

I got out of bed, and as usual, I was on my own, so I went fully naked to the kitchen and made some breakfast. After breakfast, I sat on my leather couch and let the feel of the cool leather of the couch against my naked body. I lounged on it until my breakfast had settled and I was ready for a swim. I stroked my bald pussy as I walked to my bedroom. I stood in front of my wardrobe trying to select on what to wear. I chose a red sting bikini and dressed myself in it. I slipped on the string bottom and tired the knot tightly along my hip, giving the strings a tug to make sure they were tight.

My tis bounced as I walked over to my bed and picked up the matching bikini top. I put my head through the top string and slipped the top over my gorgeous breasts. I bent my arms around and tired the back in a knot behind me, carefully brushing my long brown hair out of the way. 

"Damn I have awesome tits!" I said as I looked in the mirror and admired my body, before heading down to the beach. I walked out of my apartment. The lock to my apartment was a coded one, so that eliminated the worry about keys and losing them on the crowded beach. I didn't worry about wearing any shoes as I didn't mind a little discomfort on the hot concrete under my bare feet, as I made my way to the beach and its cool water. I soon was on the beach, dropping my towel down, and waded down to the cool water, cooling off my bare feet and legs. The surf was up and the waves looked big and tempting. 

I swam out to meet the waves. I loved to catch the waves and riding them in. I found myself an area free of surfers and waited for a wave. I didn't have to wait long, as I saw the signs of a wave building. Bracing myself for it, I began swimming hard. The wave caught me and pushed me back into the beach. I was still smiling from the thrill ride when I felt herself collide with someone. I looked up to see an attractive looking girl, roughly 18 years old, my own age, looking at her. The girl had mesmerizing blue eyes that pulled me into her gaze. 

"You all right?" asked the girl. 

"Yeah I'm ok," I replied 

"Sorry about that," I apologized to her. 

"That's all right," smiled the girl, "What is your name?" 

"I'm Amanda and I'm here on holiday," I answered her. 

"Ah, ok so am I. My name's Ashley," 

Ashley wore a tight black one-piece bathing suit that clearly outlined the amazing curves of her body. I never really saw another girl in a sexual way couldn't help but notice Ashley for all her beauty. Ashley was not as big in the boob department as I was, probably about a B. But her breasts were perky and her hard nipples were easily visible through her swimsuit. She had a slender waist that swelled slightly to her hips, then bounced back in for her thin, sleek legs. "Been here long?" asked Ashley as I was pulled out of her daze, "About four days now." I replied. We talked for while, just standing on the shoreline, when Ashley asked if I wanted to catch some waves together.

Ashley and I caught some more waves together, laughing and giggling as our bodies collided from time to time. I couldn't imagine a better way to spend the afternoon. We were treading water when I faced Ashley, then a wave pushed me into Ashley. Ashley and me met front on, embracing each other. We both looked embarrassed at first but were soon giggling from it, enjoying the situation. Ashley ran her hands down my back. A puzzled look came over my face as she rubbed my back under the water. All Ashley could feel was bare smooth skin, not bikini top or bottom at all. 

"What is it?" I asked, seeing Ashley's face. Ashley began to smile. 

"Nothing," she said, "it's just that apart from being a very sexy girl you're also very brave." 

"What do you mean?" I questioned her. 

"Swimming naked on a public beach with crowds of people and it's not a nude beach," giggled Ashley.

"What!" I demanded, suddenly feeling scared. 

"You're naked," said Ashley, 

"I like that," I smiled. To prove her point, Ashley placed her hands on my bare ass. I tensed as I felt Ashley's hands on my bare skin; my world began to turn as I began to panic. Ashley rubbed her hands on my bare ass before sliding them around to my bald pussy. "Mmm silky smooth pussy," smiled Ashley warmly.

"I love that too." Ashley gently rubbed my bare silky smooth pussy before rubbing my bare abs and fondling my bare breasts. I began panic as Ashley rubbed my breasts. "Oh no, how did this happen?" I wondered, "I had on a bikini when I came out, how I could suddenly be naked?". 

"What kind of Bikini was it?" asked Ashley still fondling my breasts under the water. "A red string bikini," I answered. Suddenly painfully aware of my nudity, I cuddled closer to Ashley, hoping to use her to hide my nakedness. 

"Well I guess the roughness of the water we were swimming in, took it away," said Ashley, "you'd be surprised at how easily a string bikini is taken away by rough water," continued Ashley, "I've seen it happen twice before."

"Damn, now I'm stranded naked?" I said.

"Seems that way," answered Ashley with a giggle. Ashley teasingly let go of my body and swam away, laughing as I tried to catch her to cuddle up to her again. "How about we get out of these wet things?" teased Ashley, "Oh wait, you haven't got any wet 'things' to get out of."

I smiled as Ashley held her and pinched my bare ass. "You're a very cuddly girl Amanda," grinned Ashley, "But I love that too. Say, I've got an idea on how we can get you out of here without showing anything that shouldn't be showed to any perverts that hang out here on the beach." 

"Yeah?" I asked becoming hopeful, "how?"

"Well ..." began Ashley. "You'd have to cuddle up to me, pressing your front into my body, that'll protect your cute bald pussy and beautiful breasts from being seen. You'd need to sit on my hip while you cuddle me so I can carry you in the hip carry style, like a mother carries a toddler child. I'd place my hands under your bare ass to support you and also hide it from view. That's how we'll do it." 

I became excited and smiled, "Let's give it a try," I said, not even hesitating out of desperation to get out of this uncomfortable situation. We stood where they could touch the bottom. I climbed onto Ashley and wrapped my arms around her neck, and legs around her waist. Ashley placed her hands under my bare ass, pinched it and gripped me securely. Ashley emerged from the water carrying me, all naked on her hip. 

I felt very secure being carried by Ashley, she was very gentle. I was also secure in the knowledge that everything that needed to be was covered. "You want to take me to my place and come in, no one's home," I invited. 

"Sure," said Ashley. Ashley began to lightly rub my smooth bare bottom, as she carried me all the way to my door. I entered the code, still held in Ashley's arms and we went inside. Ashley put me down on the floor and rubbed her bald pussy. "There you go," Ashley spoke to my smooth pussy, "safe and sound", I smiled as Ashley rubbed her own bald pussy through her swimsuit, she tickled it with her fingertips, causing me to giggle. I was surprised at Ashley. I was surprised that she was so comfortable with touching another girl in that way. 

"Now then, do you want to get out of that wet thing? I have some towels and extra clothes in my room" I asked Ashley, referring to her bathing suit.

"Don't mind if I do," answered Ashley, "Although, if it's all right with you, I'd like to go naked for now. I mean, what have we to hide, I've already seen you naked and I would rather be naked all the time if society would accept it."

I obliged, and followed Ashley into my bedroom which was adjoined by a bathroom. Inside the bathroom Ashley stripped out of her bathing suit and reached for a towel to dry her hair. My eyes wandered over to my new naked friend, and once again admired her body, this time without the restraint of her bathing suit. Ashley also had a bald pussy "I see you like it bald as well," I giggled, trying to mask my arousal. "Shaved about twelve hours ago, by my guess with perfection and attention to detail. Shaved with a razor blade and cream," I laughed, and talking as though I was sampling fine wines. "Mmm, very good," giggled Ashley. 

We left the bathroom and headed for the lounge, and we lay down on the couch each laying our heads at opposite ends with our feet entangled. Ashley started moving her foot up and down my leg stroking it gently. I instantly recognized Ashley's hints and asked, "Ashley. Are you a lesbian?" 

With a smile, "Hmm... how'd you guess that?"

I just smiled and asked, "So, what's it like. Being with another girl?"

"It's unbelievable. Another girl understands your body better than any guy can. Girls are patient and take their time to pleasure you till you cum or you pass out." Ashley paused and sat up, "You know... I could talk about lesbian's sex all day, but it would be much easier just to show you."

I hesitated not knowing what to say, but one look into Ashley's sapphire eyes and any hesitation disappeared. "Come here." I said.

Ashley leaned in and crawled her way up my silky smooth still wet body, her fingers tracing every part of my smooth naked body, rubbing my bald pussy, indulging in its silky smoothness. She fondled my breasts delightfully and gently as she made her way up to meet her new endeavour face to face. Our lips met and Ashley breathed in my scent. We kissed passionately; Ashley parted my lips with her tongue inserting it into my mouth. She danced her tongue all around my mouth playing with me. Ashley let her hand wander down my body until it rested at my clit. Ashley massaged my bald pussy rather hard making her moan. She traced the crack that was my clit with her hand causing me to shiver. "Did that tickle, love?"

"Yeah... do it again."

Ashley ran the length of her finger over her clit again causing me to shiver again. Ashley laughed at her new lover and moved down to caress my pussy with her tongue. She kissed her way down to my love hole and planted a kiss on my wanting lips. Ashley took the length of her tongue and drove it into the crack and licked all the way up. From the bottom of it to the top. I once again quivered in pleasure. Ashley then took her licks and moved them to the lowest hole on my body: my ass. Ashley started her licking motion at the back of my asshole and slowly and sensually traced her way up me area, licking over the ass hole and my pussy and ending up at the top of my clit, leaving a trail of her own saliva. "Mmm... keep going Ashley."

Ashley only got encouraged by this and licked harder and harder until her tongue traced its way back to my pussy hole where she stuck it in and began moving it in and out slowly. "Oh Ashley... oh god... harder."

She started moving her head faster to make her tongue pump into me faster. The more she pumped the closer she could feel herself to the juices that I held for her. I wanted it so bad. I wanted her to taste me, as it began sliding down her throat. Soon she got her wish. My pussy contracted and the juices flowed as if someone opened a gate that blocked my sex from flowing. "Ooooohhhh...." I managed to utter between my heavy breathing and panting motions.

Ashley barely noticed for she was entranced in her operation of sucking all of the juice from my shaven pussy. 

Ashley could feel my legs shaking as I rode the last waves of my orgasm. "Oh that was amazing." I moaned as I ran my fingers through Ashley's hair as she kissed the last drops from my pussy and ass crack. Looking up, Ashley answered. "Oh, it's not over yet, unless you want to quit."

"Quit?! Are you kidding that was fucking amazing... I want to keep doing this until I just can't anymore."

Ashley laughed, "Looks like I've created another lesbian!"

I smiled as I positioned Ashley onto her back and kissed her on the lips. "Sit back and let the rookie do her worst." 

I grabbed a hold of Ashley's tits and massaged them into my hands. Ashley groaned as she took in the pleasure her new found lover was giving her. I worked my way down to Ashley's shaven pussy and kissed her clit softly. I stuck out her tongue and made it hard, as I ran my tongue up and down her clit causing Ashley to wriggle beneath me. Instead of fighting her movements, I allowed Ashley to move into my tongue and every time she did, she moaned even louder. I continued to work on Ashley's clit and inserted two of my fingers into her pussy and began pushing them in and out at a slow methodical pace. I had all day to do this and she was going to make it right. Ashley's hips rocked as she felt my slender fingers slide in and out of her cunt. "Put another one in."

I followed her teacher's command and inserted another finger into her pussy. I felt the walls of Ashley's pussy tighten around my fingers and was amazed at how tight it felt. I could feel the inner muscles twitch and rumble with every euphoric stroke. I now picked up the pace, pushing in my fingers faster, now all the while licking hungrily at her clit. Ashley rocked her hips faster and faster, bucking wildly as she begged her orgasm to meet her. "Oh yes... yes.., I'm almost there... yes,... ooh fuck, I'm gonna cum..."

And just like that Ashley exploded her juices onto my chin and down onto the leather of the couch. Without any instruction, I went to work licking Ashley's sopping pussy, licking it and sucking up all the juices left behind by her intense orgasm. I continued to lick and was surprised at how much cum she released. It was more than she ever had in my times of masturbating, or being fucked by some guy. I had heard about some girls being able to squirt after an orgasm but never had myself done it, or have ever seen anyone else do it.

Until now. Ashley was shaking hard and continued to quiver as my lips and tongue kept on stimulating her sensitive areas. And without warning, a smaller gentler orgasm erupted through her body. I never thought Ashley's cum was going to ever stop flowing, nor did I want to stop being between her legs taking in her beauty on the most intimate level. I finished lapping up all the juices and flopped down onto Ashley's heaving chest. I propped herself up and said to Ashley. "Wait right here, I'll be right back."

All Ashley could do was nod. I got up from the couch and scampered off to my bedroom. Ashley just admired watching my perfect ass run away from her. I emerged in the door way holding a few different types of dildos and a ten inch strap on. "I thought you weren't a lesbian Amanda, what's with the strap on?" Ashley inquired.

"I like to strap it to a chair or something and fuck myself silly on it. You know, when I can't get someone to do it for me." I explained to her.

"Well come here and let me show you the true purpose of that thing." She said, motioning me towards her.

I walked over to Ashley and handed her the giant blue strap on. She stood up and stepped into the strap on until the blue rubber cock hung at the appropriate level. "Let's go into the bedroom, I think we'll be more comfortable in there."

We walked into my bedroom, and Ashley had me bend across the bed with my ass facing Ashley at the edge of the bed. My pussy was still pretty wet, so no lubrication was needed as Ashley put the head of the rubber cock at the entrance of my pussy. "You ready for this baby?" she said.

"Bring it on you nasty slut!" I said, waiting for the dildo.

Encouraged by her name calling, Ashley grabbed the base of the cock and rammed about six inches of it into my pussy. I grunted in pure lust as the dildo invaded my love tunnel. Slowly Ashley eased the remaining inches into my pussy, while I pushed back to take the whole thing into her pussy. "Oh God, that feels good."

Ashley slowly rocked her hips back and forth taking an inch out at first before putting it back in. She would back out and push back in, adding and inch every time until only the head was in. Then she rammed all of it back in. I was writhing in ecstasy. I was pushing back hard to meet every one of Ashley's thrusts. Ashley kept up her motions of it, pushing in, and pulling out until only the head was in and then thrusting the whole ten inches back in, while steadily increasing her pace until she was fucking my as fast as she could. She fucked me hard now grabbing a hold of my hips for leverage. "Oh yes, fuck my pussy bitch. Put it all the way in. Oh fuck me... fuck me harder!" 

I was an animal by now, running only on carnal lusts and stimulation. I tensed up and came all over the rubber cock, but neither of us stopped our motions. I came again before adding breathlessly, "I want to ride you Ashley. Ashley grabbed a hold of me, and lifted me to my feet, and the cock was still inside me. Ashley lay down flat on her back on the bed with me sitting on top of her crotch. I spun around on the dildo until she once again faced Ashley. Ashley admired my big heaving breasts as I began to glide up and down on the rubber cock. I was getting a little shaky and wobbly from my previous orgasms. 

Ashley steadied me by grabbing onto my hips. I rocked harder on top of the strap-on until I was full on jumping up and down on it screaming like a banshee. Ashley almost came at the beautiful sight of my breasts bouncing freely in the air. Ashley removed one of her hands to search the bed for another dildo. She came across a small red dildo that was a little thicker than the others. She wetted the dildo from my juices which were puddled up between my pussy and Ashley's crotch. The small dildo was now drenched and Ashley decided to enact her newly hatched plan. As I rose up, in my fucking of Ashley's dildo, Ashley positioned the small dildo just below her own pussy, and when I came back down, it found its way to the entry way of my tight asshole. "Ow! What was that?" I screamed.

"I just put a dildo up your ass, just keep fucking the strap on, it will feel good in a moment I promise." she said with a smile.

I went back to bouncing up and down on the rubber cock while Ashley began working the red dildo into my tight asshole. It was not easy, but soon she had the red dildo most of the way in and she began working it in and out of my ass, as I continued to fuck the rubber cock. "Oh my God that is fucking amazing. It feels like they are touching inside me!" I said in breathless pleasure

Ashley was more encouraged now and quickened her pace as she was successfully double-penetrating her new lesbian lover. 

I was riding the most intense orgasm of my life. The feeling of the two dildos moving in unison within my body was incredible. All I could do was fuck them both as hard as I could. I didn't know what I had become anymore. I didn't care. I was experiencing the most intense pleasure of my young adult life. I could feel that familiar tingle build in me. It grew and grew until it fought to escape me. With one more thrust, my orgasm splashed all over Ashley. I closed my eyes and rode wave after wave of intense pleasure. I didn't want to move. My toes were numb and I could barely keep herself upright. I collapsed onto Ashley kissing her passionately. "That was amazing. Later we should do some more, but I think that is all I can take for now." I said, exhaustedly.
