 Jenny stood at the station waiting for the train; her life had felt so empty these last three weeks spending each night alone and then she heard the train pull into the station. As the passengers disembarked she eagerly searched the throng of people looking for Cassie and there at the back was her beloved Cassie and her heart skipped a beat. Cassie was wearing the dress that Jenny loved, a short flowery summer dress she had bought her when they first met four months ago. She herself was wearing a tight blouse with a tight knee length skirt. As they saw one another they ran towards each other and embraced, they kissed passionately their tongues searching each other's mouths, finally they broke away from their passionate kiss.

"God I've missed you." Jenny said as they walked off the platform. "Let's get something to eat and then we can get home and spend some time catching up!"

"Sounds like a good idea to me."

And with that they set off to their favourite restaurant, a small rather intimate traditional place.

They managed to get a table in the far corner of the restaurant they were both seated by the waitress who took their order for food and they ordered a bottle of wine.

They made small talk all the way through the starter and by the time the main course arrived they had finished off half the bottle of wine. It was then that the conversation moved onto a more sexual content.

"I've missed waking up with you cuddling me, holding me. I've missed the feel of your skin next to mine." Jenny said gazing into the deep blue eyes of Cassie. They held hands over the table.

"God Jenny, I don't think I can wait until we get home."

"Well you'll have to." Jenny laughed.

As she said this they moved their chairs closer together and across the table they gave each other a small kiss.

Jenny then extended her leg and rubbed her calf up and down Cassie's lower leg. Cassie closed her eyes and let out a low moan.

"Please Jenny, don't, I won't be able to last, you're beginning to get me hot now."

Jenny paid no attention and just smiled as her leg started to rub a bit further up Cassie's legs. Cassie involuntarily opened her legs a bit allowing Jenny further access. Jenny was staring lustfully into Cassie's eyes as she kicked off her shoe and placed her foot on Cassie's chair between her thighs and slowly she pushed her foot up forcing Cassie's thighs to open, her foot was now resting against Cassie's warm thighs.

Jenny smiled and licked her lips as her foot continued its journey, she curled her toes and they found the material of Cassie's panties, as gently as she could she rubbed her toes over Cassie's covered mound.

Cassie edged her chair closer to the table so no one could see and then hitched her skirt up she then slowly eased her panties to one side giving Jenny's foot unrestricted access to her pussy.

Jenny could feel that Cassie's pussy was smooth, Cassie had obviously shaved herself knowing that this turned Jenny on. Her foot was now rubbing up and down between Cassie's thighs with more and more urgency.

"Please Jenny, stop, what if someone should see, look the waitress is coming over."

Jenny didn't stop, and just as the waitress reached the table her toes forced Cassie's pussy lips apart and her big toe slid up Cassie's wet slit up to her clit were it stopped.

"Is everything okay?" the waitress asked, as she turned to Cassie she added "You look a bit flushed, can I get you anything?" and with that Jenny started to wiggle her toes, rubbing Cassie's clit. Cassie had to bite her tongue as she felt a surge in her wet pussy.

"No I'm fine she said, just a little hot." she said

"Well if there is anything I can do to help, please ask." and off she walked.

Jenny laughed and continued her actions on Cassie's by now very wet slit. Her toe was now inside Cassie and as she curled her toes she could feel how wet Cassie had become, she leant forward and asked her to take her panties off.

"I can't," Cassie struggled to say "someone will see."

"So!" Jenny replied, staring into Cassie's eyes.

Jenny removed her toes from Cassie's pussy allowing Cassie to remove her wet panties, she wiggled in her chair slightly allowing her to slide her panties down and onto the floor. Jenny then placed her foot back between her friends spread legs. Her toes searching out Cassie's wet slit, they easily spread her wet lips and slid into her.

"I want you to play with your clit while I fuck you with my toes." Jenny whispered "I want you to cum, I want to feel you cum on my toes."

Cassie, had her eyes closed, she was grinding herself onto Jenny's toes and then she slowly slid her hand down between her spread thighs, feeling her wetness that had been spread over her smooth mound by Jenny's toes, she moved her finger along her wet slit and then up to her throbbing clit. As she rubbed it she could feel an orgasm start to surge through her. She threw her head back as she came, her juices flooding out through Jenny's toes and soaking the chair she was sat on.

"Fuck, Jenny that was so intense, I need to clean myself up now." she pulled her skirt back down and left the table and headed towards the toilets. Jenny followed.

Cassie entered the cubicle and was about to close the door when Jenny followed her in, they closed and locked the door and then kissed hard, Jenny forced her hand up under Cassie's dress and placed the heal of her hand on Cassie's mound, grinding her heal hard onto Cassie's smooth mound.

Cassie is frantically undoing the buttons on Jenny's blouse, as she undoes the last button she pulls open the blouse and urgently pulls Jenny's breasts out from the cups of her bra, she then leant over and started kissing, sucking and biting her friends hard nipples.

Jenny was now running her fingers up and down Cassie's slit and then pushing her fingers deep inside her cunt, she started to pump her fingers in and out of Cassie's hot wet cunt.

Cassie managed to turn the two of them around and forced Jenny to sit on the toilet seat, she then lifted up her dress allowing Jenny to see her dripping wet cunt. She edged forward until her mound was just in front of Jenny's mouth, she grabbed the back of Jenny's head and dragged her into her wet mound. She pulled it in hard and she was grinding herself onto Jenny's mouth, she felt Jenny's tongue snaking up and down her wet lips and then Jenny concentrated on her clit. She started off sucking it gently then she increased the intensity and ended up nibbling and biting her hard clit. As Cassie looked down she saw that Jenny had started to play with herself, she had pulled up her skirt and had a hand down her panties rubbing herself furiously. Seeing this tipped Cassie over the edge and she came again, all over Jenny's mouth.

Jenny felt Cassie's juices spreading over her face as she came. She finished by licking Cassie clean savouring the sweet taste of her cum. Cassie released her head from her grasp, she stood up and kissed Cassie, giving Cassie the chance to taste herself on the lips of Jenny.

They swapped positions with Cassie now sat on the seat; jenny lifted her skirt up and edged forward. Cassie grabbed Jenny around her bottom and pulled her forward. Cassie's mouth enveloped Jenny's mound over her panties, she managed to snake her tongue along the edge of the panties and into her welcoming wet slit making Jenny gasp. Cassie managed to get her fingers into the waistband of the panties and slowly eased them down, this giving her easier access to Jenny's hot pussy. Her tongue was now rasping up and down the length of Jenny's slit, she slipped one of her hands between Jenny's legs from the back and managed to slip a finger into her waiting pussy hole. It wasn't long before she felt Jenny start to convulse as her orgasm began to surge through her. 

Jenny came hard, she was pinching her own nipples as one of Cassie's fingers fucked her hot wet pussy and her mouth gently biting her clit, her juices started to flow, she could feel the wetness soaking her thighs, she was finding it hard to stand her legs becoming weak, she had to steady herself against the wall as her orgasm finally subsided.

They now both stood and kissed both tasting their own juices on each other's faces.

As they left the cubicle they found the waitress outside, she was red faced, one hand pressed between her legs and the other massaging her breasts through the material of her uniform. She managed to utter an apology and quickly left the room. Both women laughed fixed themselves up and returned to the restaurant. The waitress eventually came over and apologized once again saying she was concerned about them and when she entered the cubicle and heard their love making she was transfixed and couldn't help but bring herself off.

The two women quickly finished their meal, Jenny telling Cassie about the new toys she had bought the other day. They settled the bill and left their phone number with the waitress telling her if she wanted some fun later to give them a call.