 Chapter 1 – Roommates 

I grew up in a small town where there wasn't much to do as far as a social life was concerned, and there was no frolicking sex life to be found. Clover, my hometown, boasted 265 citizens. The population was heavily in favor of females and the ratio while I was in high school was 11 girls to every boy. If that wasn't bad enough, most of the rare males who were out to get laid had made a connection with older women in this town. 

Richard was doing his 10th grade math teacher; Paul hooked up with the female principal of the elementary school, and a couple of others were doing local housewives. I'm not a bad looking girl, and everyone tells me I have a nice pair of tits. The few times I connected with a local boy ended up in mild disaster in the back seat of their parent's car. One poor guy was so terrified that he couldn't get it up, and the other two spurted their goo all over my belly before they could get it in.

Needless to say that I was pretty disgusted and disappointed in the male sex by the time graduation day arrived. I am a very good student earning some of the best grades in school. My performance made me eligible for an academic scholarship at the most prestigious girls academy in the area. My mother and I were both elated. By now all I was interested in was getting a good education and launching a career that would afford me the things in life I considered to be important.

The first day in female heaven was typical. Everyone was running around looking for places they had to be to successfully register for the fall term. I was right in the middle of this flock of geese. Finally, in a state of utter confusion, I managed to complete my registration and find my dorm room without too much difficulty. My new roommate was faster than me. She had already settled in, and was taking a shower when I got there. I went about settling in, and before long the shower stopped and she appeared in the doorway. She was butt naked and beautiful.

"Hi," she said cheerfully, "I'm leslie. You must be Allison, right?

"Right," I replied. "It's nice to meet you, Leslie."

"Get naked and take a shower, girl. It will make a new woman out of you."

"Sounds good," I sighed. "I'm exhausted."

I wasn't quite as uninhibited as my new friend. I undressed in the bathroom and showered quickly. When I finished I came out of the bathroom pulling my bathrobe on my wet body. Leslie was lying on her bed without a stitch of clothes on.

"Don't bother with that, Allison," she said waving at my robe, "unless you're shy," she added with a naughty grin on her face.

I was determined to fit in, so I dropped the robe. My body gave me nothing to be ashamed of in the least. Leslie noticed. I sat on the edge of my bed.

"Hey, girl," she chirped in her usual cheerful manner, "that's a nice set of knockers you have there, and a cute little ass to go with it. I'll bet you have guys crawling all over you."

"On the contrary," I confessed, "I haven't had much luch with the opposite sex."

"What the Hell is wrong with those hard legs where you come from?" she cried. "Don't tell me you're still a virgin."

"Okay, I won't." I said quietly. 

"You are, aren't you," she cried with a look of total shock on her face. "Poor baby," she moaned.

"If you knew the male species in my hometown," I said almost to myself, "you wouldn't be surprised at all."

Leslie was sitting on the edge of her bed now with her elbows on her knees and her breasts hanging gracefully between her arms. I haven't spent much time around other naked women other than my mother on the weekends when we take our traditional bath together. Mom calls it our mother/daughter bonding. Anyway, this was my first time to take a good look at another nude female body. I was surprised. I liked it.

"Forgive me for saying so, but you also have a very lovely body."

"Forgive you, my ass," she snorted. "I would have been pissed off had you not commented one way or the other." She sat up straight on the edge of her bed. "You like my titties?"

"They're nice," I replied somewhat uncomfortably. I couldn't help but to pull my shoulder back making my boobs more obvious.

"No more so than yours, love," she said using a much softer tone of voice, "let me show you what I mean." She casually stood and walked the short distance between the two beds and, without further ado, seated herse naked body on my upper legs and knees. Then she leaned forward and matched our nipples and wiggled. "See?"

"Leslie," I gasped, "you're embarrassing me," I stammered. I knew my face was turning beet red,

"Why?" sje asked. "Two healthy young women comparing bodies is nothing to be ashamed if, Allison. Especially when we both have the assets we have."

"I've never been in this situation before," I stammered, "and I don't know what to do," I confessed.

"Touch my breasts, Allison," she cooed, "and if you don't mind I would like to touch yours."

"I don't know," I muttered.

"Come on," Leslie gently pleaded, "it's going to feel good both ways. You'll see."

I cautiously reached up and placed my hands on her breasts. They were warm and oh so soft. It's different feeling breasts other than your own. I've felt Mom's in the bathtub, but this was different. This was exciting. Then I felt Leslie's soft hands caress my breasts. Now, that was really exciting. My pussy seemed to twitch a little, and unconsciously I gripped her breasts more firmly and leaned my body into hers.

"Doesn't that feel nice?" she whispered in my ear. Her hoi breath on my ear caused a wave of electrical excitement to coarse through my body.

"Yes, it does," I sighed and I leaned harder against her chest.

"Have you ever kissed another woman? Passionately, I mean."

"No," I gasped, "never."

"Want to kiss me?" she was still breathing in my ear.

"I don't know how," I said, but my face was turning toward hers. I noses brushed as our mouths came into line. We kissed tentatively at first, but when she eased her tongue between my lips and into my mouth the reaction turn to pure passion. I realized I was massaging her breasts more vigorously, and she was also doing the same with mine.

I offered no resistance when she slowly removed one of my hands fro m her breast and guided it slowly down between her legs to her pussy. This was my first strange female pussy to touch; it was wet; my heart was pounding. Her hand was on my pussy now, and I was breathing openly like I had just surfaced from a long underwater swim. She found my slit, and gently entered my hole. I gasped, but I also spread my legs a little wider even with her sitting on my lap, She had two fingers in my pussy now, and I was doing the same with hers. She wiggled; I wiggled. She probed; I probed.

Leslie leaned back making a space between our bodies, but with our fingers still embedded in each others pussies. We were both panting and gasping for breath, but she managed to speak.

"I'm going to suck on your titty now, baby. Then you do it to me. Okay?"

I was definitely going to answer in the affirmative, but just as I was about to speak her lips closed over one of my nipples, I instantly pushed my crotch hard against her hand as I pulled her face harder against my breast. I had never felt arousal like this. In fact, I was experiencing the most fantastic orgasm I had ever had. Leslie's mouth left my nipple and connected with my mouth. Our first kiss was motherly compared to this one. Our tongues were lashing out at each other, and Leslie had purposely lay me back on the bed. At that moment she could have done with me anything she desired.

She broke our embrace, sucked on the other tit on the way down, spread my legs apart, and kneklt between my legs. I had no idea what was coming next (besides me) but I was all for it. My body was on fire; I could feel juices running down my legs, and I could feel Leslie's hands stroking my inner thighs. This orgasm was awesome. When she pressed her lips against my pussy, I whimpered. When she entered my pussy with her probing tongue, I squealed

Leslie was feverishly lapping my slit with her stiffened tongue from asshole to clit. I quickly learned the importance and the joy of having a clit. She nursed on it like she did my nipples, and I felt that orgasmic sensation again. I was crying now, but happy tears. Leslie looked up at me with true concern on her face. I simply pushed her face back into my pussy. There was no need for words at this point.

Shortly Leslie leaned back from my crotch and looked up at me. Her facewas covered with my juices, but her smile came beaming through. It took her a moment to regain normal breathing.

"Ready to do me?" she asked.

"I'll do anything you ask, Precious," I panted. I was still coming down off of that last orgasm.

Leslie stood up and helped me to my feet. We kissed and ground our pussies together for the longest time before Leslie broke away and fell back on the bed. I placed my body on top of hers resting my abdomen over her pussy, my boobs on her rib cage, and my mouth directly over her lovely breast. Remembering her treatment of mine, I nursed her breasts lovingly for some time. Finally I slowly slid down and rested my butt on my heels and leaned into her crotch,

She was bald, but she was still saturated with arousal juices. I leisurely traced my forefinger up and down the length of her slit until I noticed a slight twitching in her pussy and a definite pumping motion of her hips. The pump was primed, I thought to myself. I'm not all that experienced yet, but I am old enough to know what would feel ggod to me. I carefully spread the folds of her pussy wide, and buried my mouth against the vaginal canal hidden beneath. As I started pumping my tongue in and out with rapid movements, I could hear Leslie begin to moan lowly and then amplify her passion to an audible groan. Her hips were heaving in response to my tongue. I could feel her hands gripping gobs of my hair and pulling my face into her crotch. I moved with more intensity, and I reached up and grappled with her breasts the best that my concentration would allow. Leslie was going wild. Both her animation and her vocalizing convinced me that she had reached an orgasm. I hope so because I had reached another while eating her pussy.

When I was thoroughly convinced that she had been satisfied, temporarily at least, I sat back on my heels; patted her playfully on the crotch, and asked, "How'd I do, Coach?"

"Not bad, Rookie," she drawled, "but I strongly suggest you get a lot of practice in the near future."

"Keep the club house open."