 Chapter 3 – Gracie's Renaissance

The Thanksgiving holiday is upon us, and I've been so busy with school and other interests that I hardly noticed the time go by. I called Mom to tell her that my friend, Dianne, would be bringing me home late Wednesday night, but she didn't have to wait up for us. I knew she would anyway. Dianne's parents lived about 45 minutes up the Interstate from me, so the ride was no imposition at all. Frankly, I think she would have driven me home had it been 2 hours out of the way. The three of us had become very close. Leslie had to go meet her father in Paris, France of all places. He worked for the government, and spent most of his time abroad. Leslie's mother had run off with her hair dresser about two years ago, but we didn't talk about it much.

Dianne and I arrived at Mom's house late Wednesday night. She didn't bother to come in and meet Mom because of the hour, but I made her promise she would arrange to come back by early enough to meet my mom and visit awhile before we returned to school.

She was standing in the doorway when I walked up to the house. She was waving to the perfect stranger that had just delivered me home. I think Dianne was waving back. What the Hell, I waved too. 

Once inside there was a lot of mother/daughter hugging and kissing and both talking at once, but that's the way homecomings are supposed to be, isn't it? We set side by side on the sofa, and babbled about this and that. Mom couldn't get over how well and happy I seemed to be. College was better for me than she had anticipated.

"You won't believe how much I have learned in such a short time, Mom. And, I've met some wonderful people. One of them brought me home tonight."

"Shame on you, Allison," she scolded. "You should have asked her in to visit." She pretended to be pouting.

"Mom, it's a little after nine o'clock now. It will be 11:00 o'clock by the time Dianne gets home. She's coming back early Saturday so we can visit. You are going to love this girl. I do," I added honestly.

"Are you tired?" Mom asked. "I would love to have one of those massages you usually give me when we do our hot tub thing. It's okay if you're too tired."

"Mom," I said lovingly, "I would love to play with your body for a while. I'm even going to show you some new tricks I've learned at school. How does that sound?"

"Great, I think," she replied with a puzzled look on her face. "I'll turn on the hot tub. Fifteen minutes tops." She returned in a few minutes with a couple of tall mixed drinks. I had learned long ago not to ask what was in them, but they were refreshing and relaxing. That's all that mattered.

She settled down on the sofa and sipped at her drink. Then she giggled.

"What?" I asked.

"When I went to the same school you are attending now, we girls used to sit around after a rousing time at the tennis courts or on the volley ball court and talk foolishly. One of our favorite expressions was ‘ah, an iced cold toddy, a cigarette, and a good be of ass – what else could a body ask for?'" She blushed when she realized what she had said. "Oh, I'm sorry, Allison. I'm just so happy to see you, and I'm excited about the Holiday. I guess I lost my charm there for a minute."

"No, Mom," I said very solemnly, "you are finally beginning to treat me like a grown woman, so naturally you are feeling like one yourself. I think it is great as well as a terrific compliment to me. Thank you, love." I leaned over and kissed her full on the lips. She actually responded at first, and then she stiffened.

"You couldn't be drunk already, Allison. You've hardly touched your drink."

"I don't have to be intoxicated to express the love I feel for you, do I?" I asked with a chuckle.

"No, of course not," she stammered. "You just caught me by surprise, but truthfully I enjoyed it immensely."

"Want to do it again?" I asked eying her wickedly.

""She picked up our glasses and stood. "I think that tub is about ready. I'll freshen our drinks and meet you in the sun room."

"Mom," I asked hesitantly as she walked away. "Now that we are all grown up, is it alright if I call you Gracie? I've always liked that name, and when I was little I got jealous at other people for calling you that when it wasn't allowed for me."

"It was a respect thing, Honey. Of course you can call me Gracie as long as you keep the ma'am and yes ma'am close at hand." She laughed and left the room for the drinks.

I was already naked and in the hot tub when she returned with the drinks. She placed the drinks in holders attached to the rim of the tub, and began removing her clothes.

"Tale it all off, Gracie," I teased. "Let's live recklessly tonight." I held my drink high as if toasting the idea. Gracie just shook her head, but she did strip off all of her clothes and step into the rather hot water. She sank in the water until those lovely breasts of her began to float. "You have lovely boobs, Gracie," I said softly.

She looked at me rather strangely, but her reply was "So do you, Baby." We clicked glasses and had a generous swig of whatever the wicked witch of the East had brewed up in her cauldron. "However," she interjected rather sly, "I still think mine are a little bigger." She laughed; a deep, hearty laugh. Gracie was glad I was home, and so was I.

"Want to try another one of those kisses, you big bosomed broad?" The expression on my face convinced her that the question was mirthful yet serious if she was so inclined to take it that way.

"Just how much have you learned at school, young lady?" and with that Gracie sidled up to me causing our tits to merge when she looped her arm around my neck. She leaned forward and pressed her soft lips firmly and squarely against mine. Instinctively I parted my lips, and surprising ly her tongue slipped into my mouth. I sucked on hers gently, and she coaxed mine into her mouth where she sucked on it like it was a ripe plum. My kiss became more passionate as did hers. I vigorously massaged her floating boobs, and slowly I let my free hand sink down to her crotch. Then I froze. She broke off our embrace and looked me dead in the eyes.

"Are you going to eat my pussy?"

"Later," was my one word reply as I pulled her mouth back against mine and renewed our passionate embrace. Seconds later I felt at least one of her fingers find its way into my pussy hole. I pushed my crotch against her hand showing my approval. We continued this ritual until our arousal became agonizing. I broke our embrace.

"Where did you learn to make love to a woman like that, Gracie?" I asked as I panted heavily. 

"Same place you did, Sweetheart. Have you forgotten we went to the same school? I just graduated a few years ahead of you." We both laughed 

"Gracie," I said, "can you reach that towel from here?" I pointed to a bath towel draped across one of the lawn chairs.

"I think so," she said as she lifted her naked body to lean over the rim of the tub. "I don't think I'm that old yet, young lady." Then she squealed. She was bent over the rim of the hot tub at the hips with her upper body stretched across the deck in an attempt to reach the towel. Meanwhile, I had come up behind her, spread her cheeks, and planted a serious French kiss on her asshole just the way Dianne had taught me. I worked my tongue around a few times before withdrawing it and moving down to her pussy, Her lips swelled more than mine and Leslie's, but about the same as Dianne's. I pressed my nose and my mouth between the swollen lips and buried my tongue. 

Gracie moaned sensually and hoisted her body high enough to tuck her knees under her body giving better exposure to her pussy for her new lover. I took full advantage of the situation. Her clit was now underneath but still out in the open. I latched on to it with a thumb and index finger. I moved mu other hand up top and wiggled my thimb as deep as it would reach into her asshole. Then with my tongue working like a miniature jack hammer, I brought Momma Gracie to her first daughter induced orgasm.

Sexually satisfied Gracie dropped to her stomach and slowly rolled over on her back putting her spread-eagle on the deck at the edge of the hot tub. What the Hell. I did her again.

Gracie eventually recovered enough to sit up on the side of the hot tub and look into the tub at me with her magnificent breasts dangling and her well eaten pussy gaping. The expression on her face was unmistakably one of total satisfaction and love.

"Well Allison," she sighed, "you have always been a good student, and I see that you are going to excel in your sex education as well. That's a wicked tongue you have there, and your technique is outstanding. I can't remember the last time I experienced two orgasms in one seduction, but you definitely gave me that tonight." She paused reflectively and then she asked, "Has an old woman ever eaten your pussy?" Her smile was beautiful; her tits were beautiful; her crotch was beautiful; she was beautiful. I was proud to have her as a mother.

"Not yet," I replied. "Are you volunteering?"

"Not hardly, young lady," she said. "I'm demanding." She offered an outstretched hand to assist me out of the tub. Under these new circumstances, her touch was electric. I stood on the deck immediately in front of her; our naked bodies were touching full length. Her kiss was forceful, demanding and wonderful. I felt my knees weaken just a little and my pussy press firmly against hers. I tingled all over and our tongues were having a sword fight first in her mouth and then in mine. Our breasts were one enormous mass between our upper bodies.

Gracie broke away gently and gasped in my ear, "Let's go to the den, baby." I was still wet from the tub, but my pussy was wetter from Gracie. I followed her filled with mystical expectations. We walked up behind the sofa. "Bend over here, baby. I owe you a French kiss. I hope I'm as good at it as you are." She patted the sofa back with her hand, and like an obedient child or better yet an expectant lover I leaned over the sofa raising my ass high in the air. 

I felt her soft, firm hands on my ass cheeks as she spread them wide. Then I felt the electrifying intrusion of her tongue. God, it went deep. I wiggled, I squirmed, and I squealed.

"Oh Shit, Gracie," I shouted. "What a tongue! Do it some more," and that she did.

When she decided to abandon my asshole, she rolled me over and maneuvered me to where my head and shoulders rested on the sofa cushions, but my ass was still resting on the back of the sofa. She spread my legs wide, and tenderly ran her tongue along my inner thighs. My pussy was going crazy. I knew my lips were swollen to their fullest, and I know my kitty was smiling when Gracie's tongue ran the length of my slit. I had a strong impulse to grab her and smother her at both ends with kisses and tongue lashings, but I was enjoying what she was doing too much to interfere. 

Then Gracie straightened up and smiled down at me. I know that in the position I was in that my nipples was almost even with my ears, and I also knew definitely that my pussy was begging for more of her attention. I watched as she strode around the end of the sofa and stopped where my head was resting on the edge of one of the cushions. And gently took my arms and stretched them out over the edge of the sofa and between her legs. Then she mounted the sofa on her knees and rested her crotch gently on my face. I instinctively wrapped my arms around her legs and kissed the wet pussy above me.

Gracie leaned forward and buried her face in my begging crotch. As her fantastic tongue entered my pussy once again, I also felt at least two of her fingers penetrate my asshole. I starting coming at that moment, and I lost count of how long my orgasms lasted. I do know, however, that there has never been a more satisfying or beautiful example of the position 69 than the one put into motion that night on our sofa.