 Please see Homework by JackieL for the background necessary for this story.

Well it has been several months since my last (and first) story was posted. I fell in love, or thought I had. That’s another story that I will tell some other time, but for now I am back in the chat rooms and at the encouragement of my friends writing my stories again.

When I last left you I was walking back to my car wearing heels, an overcoat and a very big smile! I had just done my first public flash and was walking on a cloud. I could not wait to get back to my computer and tell my teachers what I had done. These guys had coached me, and encouraged me, and given me the courage to start living the life I really wanted, free and uninhibited. Needless to say they were very proud of me and already had my next homework assignment lined up.

The boys had gotten together and pooled their imaginations for me. They decided to send me an e-mail with all the details for my next homework. 

I received their e-mail that night and immediately started checking my mostly new wardrobe to make sure I had everything I needed, I was sure I did, but you know how we are, a whole closet of clothes and nothing to wear. From our online chats they knew I would be going to Houston in a few weeks and that was where my newest adventure was to take place.

A week later I am in Houston, trying my best to make it through long boring sales meeting, and a couple of nights of “inspirational pep talks” by over paid self help gurus. I could hardly function as I sat there thinking of my plans for the first free night to come. 

I have shunned panties for almost a year now, and depending on the business suit I wear either thigh highs or a garter belt and hose. I found myself getting wet thinking about the boys and their assignment for me and how much fun it would be to tell them all about it later. I would sit there in a meeting of about 50 of our companies top national sales people and could feel my eyes glaze over, not from boredom, but lust! My thighs would get wet I was getting so horny. Anticipation is half the thrill they tell me, but it was all I could do not to start playing with myself right there.

Finally the night I was waiting for arrived. Wednesday night was completely free from business requirements and all mine. 

I made it back to my hotel in the early evening, about 5, and began my ritual of preparation. I stripped and ran a hot full tub to soak in. Lying there I slowly brought myself near to climax, and then backed off. I repeated this process several times. I was horny as I could possibly be, but wanted to save the satisfaction as a reward for my performance later. Once finished bathing I shaved my pussy, making sure that it was as bare as a babies butt, and then applied my favorite lotion to my monds and the rest of my body. I walked the room naked as I let the lotion settle into my skin. I was careful with the makeup, not too much, I wanted to be pretty, not whorish. 

Now came the clothes. The boys had been pretty specific about that. First I slipped on some thigh highs in a medium taupe, then the skirt. It was a black pleated skirt that would flare when I turned and flounce as I walked. The blouse was a white silk, not see through, unless the light was behind it, but thin and light enough that my nipples stuck out plainly even when they were not hard. (I couldn’t imagine them not being hard this night) My heels were a black pumps with thin 4 inch spikes. I have gotten really great at walking in heels up to 5 inches and can even dance in the 4 inch ones. A gold necklace and watch finished me off. 

I looked at myself in the mirror, liking what I saw. I did a few hip swishes to see how much the skirt would flare, and in a fast turn it laid out almost flat. From my mirror angle I could not see how much it exposed but I felt sure anyone more than a few feet away would see everything I had. I grabbed my shoulder strap purse and headed out the door. 

In the elevator I was glad that I had taken the precaution of removing the buttons form my blouse. I had cut off the top 4 of them, leaving the first one just below the level of my nipples. If I hadn’t I might be tempted to close them now. When I stood straight, shoulders back the blouse pulled tight and closed over my chest, but any forward movement allowed it to open revealing more and more of my breasts. The slight jiggle of my tits against the fabric kept my nipples pointed and a long tingle in my body.

The elevator chimed the first floor and as the door opened I took a deep breath and put on my best “oblivious to the world” face. I stepped from the elevator into the lobby full of people going about an evening’s business. My skirt bounced on my thighs about 3 inches above my knees, as my heels taped a sexy beat on the tile floor. I know I drew looks, but was careful not to acknowledge any.

Across the street from the hotel was the Houston Galleria, a pretty upscale and huge shopping mall with several floors of nice shops to spend the day in. That was my evening’s destination. My teachers had decided that The Houston Galleria was the perfect place for homework assignment 2. I had been there before and couldn’t agree with them more. 

I crossed the street at the crosswalk and had the feeling of hundreds of eyes on me as I walked across the open sidewalks. I made sure that my steps were long and that the skirt fluttered around my thighs. I even did a little hop step onto the curb as I crossed.

I entered at the Nieman store and a gentleman held the door for me. I think his wife was a little put out as he made a point of smiling and greeting me. 

Oh the wonderful world of high class department stores! I could spend days just here, but I must go on.

The first objective was to head directly for the staircase that rose the 3 floors of the mall. My teachers picked this mall because it had wonderful open stairways. I kept my head high as I walked straight to the stairs, not looking to see if I would have an audience. I knew I would, this place was as busy as most malls on the weekend. I did see 2 teenagers approaching from the other side of the staircase as I took the first step up. 

Well here I was, ready for my second public exposure! I took the stairs on my toes, bouncing as I made each new step. This caused my already short skirt to flip up first in the front with my rising knees, then in the rear. I could feel the coolness of the air-conditioning under my skirt, but it did nothing to dampen the heat running though my body that started at my pussy. I was trying my best not to look around, but did see the boys stop before they got to the stair and watch me climb. I could just imagine what the view was doing to a couple of adolescent boys!

The Galleria is built with an open interior mall area the houses a skating rink, sitting areas and vendors carts. Each floor overlooks this area with a walkway like a balcony with an open handrail. I knew that I had an audience by now so as I reached the top level I turned to walk off in one direction, and then as if I had changed my mind did a quick turn in the opposite direction. The fast turn lifted my pleated skirt out almost parallel to my hips! Anyone looking from below got a very clear view of my naked butt and shaved pussy!

Oh my, this was fun! 

So far I was just a young lady out shopping as far as anyone could tell. If my attire was a little, well, less formal than most, I was not doing anything obviously lewd. But the boys had other plans for me still to carry out!

From our on line role playing games they knew that I was bi-curious and that was to be part of my game tonight. But first I needed a drink. From prior visits I knew there was a bar on the top floor and there I headed. I took a stool at the bar and ordered a Collins. Casually I checked out the other patrons. Unfortunately the crowd was thin and no really interesting prospects to play with. But still sitting there in my short skirt and thin blouse turned me on even more. The future would definitely hold some bar room games I knew. In the mirror I could see my nipples pushing against my blouse quite plainly. No one could miss them! I slipped off the stool to the ladies room. 

The tiny ladies loo was empty as I stood and looked at myself in the mirror. My face and chest were flushed, adding a bright color to my cheeks. I couldn’t help it, I raised my skirt and slipped my hand to my bare pussy to play. God I was horny…and wet! Gently I played with my clit. I didn’t want to end up with a moaning, screaming orgasm right here! Right to the edge I played and then forced myself to stop. I was so wet. I dampened a paper towel and used it to clean myself up a little, at least wipe up the leakage. 

I was ready to complete my mission now. Quickly I finished my drink and left the bar.

I wandered the mall, looking in shoe store windows, trying to find just the right combination of sexy shoes and salesperson. After window shopping about 6 stores I finally found what I was looking for. 

I entered the store and started to select shoes from the display. There was only one other customer at the time, and she was checking out. The sales girl was young, I guessed maybe 19 or 20, and very pretty. She had blonde hair to just off her shoulders, cut very similarly to my soft brown style. She was about 4 inches taller than my 5’2, and maybe a little on the thin side. Her uniform of black skirt and red cotton blouse was attractive on her, but far from sexy. When she finished with the other lady she approached me to assist. Her nametag identified her as Lisa. Of course she had beautiful blue eyes, the color I would have like if I could trade my brown in. 

I introduced myself, holding my hand out to her, “Hi, I’m Jackie.”

She was a little timid in taking my hand, but replied with “I’m Lisa, how can I help you?”

I wanted to say make my fantasy come true, but just told her she could help me find some really sexy shoes.

I picked out about 5 pair for her to get for me and took a seat. The fitting chairs faced the rear of the shop and the stocking area and I selected one with a footrest stool in front of it. I propped my foot on it and waited for her to return. She came out of the back with an armload of boxes that she placed on the chair next to me. I don’t think she noticed at first the way my shirt had slid up my thigh to reveal the top of my thigh highs, lace and bare skin showing. As she took a seat on the stool and reached to remove my shoe her eyes got wide and her face flushed red! Quickly she looked away and fumbled with a box. Then slowly she returned to her job, eyes cast down and looking only at my feet she slipped my old shoes off and the first of the new ones on. I stood up directly in front of her, then stepping over the foot rest tested the new shoes with a walk across the store. 

“These feel pretty good”, I told her, “but I want to try the others too”.

“Yes ma’am” she replied

Ma’am I thought, crap I hadn’t even turned 30 at that time, what was she calling me ma’am for!

I sat back down, this time being sure to be extra careless about my skirt. Maybe I was just being mean now, but this girl was going to look at my naked bare pussy! Again she focused on my feet as she change the shoes for a new pair. Again I stood and tested the shoes. This time I did a small pirouette as I turned back to her. From her low vantage point I know she had a clear view of my bare butt!

“What do you think Lisa?” I asked.

“ They really do look great on you ma’am” she replied, smiling just a little.

Still ma’am but at least I got a smile.

We worked out way through a couple of more pairs before I noticed her to begin to look up as she fitted me. As I sat for the final pair she made no attempt to hide her gaze between my open legs. She looked up to meet my eyes as she slipped a pretty red pump over my heel. Then she blushed and looked down again. 

As I walked with this pair she commented, “ You really are very pretty, and those shoes make your legs look terrific!”

Honestly I didn’t know what to do next. I picked 2 pair that I wanted to buy and as I checked out we small talked a little. I found out she lived with her boyfriend and worked here till 10 most nights. She invited me to come back again as I left, and I wanted to think she had enjoyed my little game too.

Back out in the mall I started looking for my next stop. I wandered the boutiques for smaller women, being 5’2 makes it fun to shop. Three or four shops later I found my target. This time the sales girl was about my age, a striking brunette with a great figure who must have dressed off the rack at the store. She looked very nice, understated sex with a dress that clung to her figure. Her name was Pam, and she approached me eagerly to help. We picked over the racks until I had about 6 sets to try, a combination of skirts and blouses and dressed, all designed with men in mind. She carried the clothes to the dressing area for me. As we walked I began to undo the few buttons on my blouse, and as she pointed me into a curtained stall I let my blouse slip down my back and over my arms. I was standing topless in front of her, my breast firm and flushed, my nipples hard, as I held out my blouse and asked her if she could hang it for me. She hooked the new clothes over the curtain rod and turned to get a hanger for my blouse. As she did I unfastened the button at my hip and slipped the zipper down allowing my skirt to fall to my feet. When she turned back around I hooked a toe into the skirt and flipped up to my hands then passed it to her. She didn’t even seem to notice that I was now naked except for my stockings and heels. 

I began to try on outfits. I would slip into something, walk the hallway, look in the mirrors and then strip nude again as I worked my way through the clothes. Pam stayed with me the entire time, once or twice helping me zip or fit a piece. Everytime she touched me a shiver passed through me. 

About halfway through my rack of clothes another patron entered the dressing area. When she saw me standing there nude she ducked into a dressing stall as if her butt was on fire. We giggled a little and Pam told me, “Don’t mind her, I think your are beautiful and if I had your body I would run around naked all the time”.

Finally, after I had selected 2 outfits I really like and I was standing naked in front of her she asked me, “Can I ask you a personal question?”.

“Well”, I said, spreading my arms out to demonstrate my nakedness, ”we can’t get much more personal than this!”

“My husband wants me to shave, like you are, what do you think?”

“Oh my,, I think it’s a great idea, it makes you feel so naughty!”

“How often do you have to trim?” she asked

“I trim everyday” I told her, “but that’s not really necessary, I just like doing it. You should make him shave you though, it will drive you both absolutely crazy”

She blushed a little and laughed, as we continued to talk. The conversation turned to making men pay more attention to us and she commented that I probably wasn’t having a challenge with that. I admitted to her that I enjoyed the attention and sought it out by the way I dressed and acted. She told me she was too chicken to do as I did, but would like to tease her husband more, and that maybe she would let him shave her for their anniversary night date.

By the time I left the store we were great friends and I promised to return soon and find out how she was doing.

I still couldn’t get that “ma’am” out of my mind! I decided to go back and see Miss Lisa! As I entered her store again she seemed really surprised to see me, and blushed furiously as I smiled at her. 

“I want to try a pair I had earlier” I told her.

The boxes of shoes where still where we had left them and I went and sat right down. Of course I made no attempt to cover myself as my skirt rode high on my legs. She wasted no time at all and was sitting in front of me slipping my shoes off almost instantly. Well, well I thought. I told her which pair to put on and this time as she did it she let her hand slide up the back of my calf. 

“Do you like?” I asked

“These are really great looking shoes”, she replied

“I don’t mean the shoes silly, do you lke the way I am dressed?”

“Oh yes ma’am, you are so…so pretty!” she stammered out.

“Do you ever dress like this?” I asked her.

“Oh no ma’am, I couldn’t do that!”

“Well actually you could, and will. What size shoe do you wear?” I asked

“ A seven” she told me, as I jumped up to look for some shoes for her. I found a very sexy strap sandal in a 3 inch heel and then turn to face her wide eyed innocence.

“Now here is what you are going to do Miss Lisa, go to the back and find this pair in your size. While you are there take off those pantyhose and panties, and then come back here,” I instructed her.

She started to say something, but couldn’t. then she started to turn bright red in the face as I held out my hand to help her off the footstool. 

As I waited for her to return I took a seat on the fitting stool, putting one leg on each side of it letting my skirt fall off it in the rear, and pulling it to my waist in the front. My bare butt was on the seat and my pussy was wide open to see. 

She took her time but finally she came back into the store area. I could tell right away that she had shed her pantyhose. I smiled at her and patted the seat I had been in earlier. As she stepped in front of me she said, “Oh my!” as she spotted my very exposed pussy.

She hitched her skirt up just a little and took her seat. She still had her legs together, hiding her charms, but when I patted the footrest she gamely placed her foot on it. That caused her skirt to inch up her thighs and now I could see her blonde bush. I used both hands to remove her old shoe and then caresses her calf and massage her foot before placing the new heel on her. Her eyes were watery, and her mouth open just a bit as I placed her heeled foot on the footrest again. The arch of the heel caused her skirt to fall farther up her thigh and I was tickled that she made no move the tug it down . I repeated the process with the other foot. Each move caused her skirt to ride higher and she was making no moves to pull it back down. This time when I placed her freshly heeled foot back on the footrest she allowed her other leg to fall to the side. Her beautiful, shaggy blonde pussy was completely exposed to me and anyone else who happened into the store. I looked to her face. She was chewing and tonguing at her lips, her eyes were narrow slits and real tears were slowly working down her cheeks. Her breath came in short bursts and her whole body moved with each one. I traced my fingernails up the inside of her thighs and I swear to God she came right there without a single touch to her pussy. Her body arched and vibrated as she slid down in the chair. Turning bright red in the face she smiled at me and began to tug her skirt into place. 

My hand was on my cunt as I watched her. How crazy was this! I just got her off and was playing with myself right there in a shoe store in an open mall!

Slowly I regained my composure, and she hers. We both got up, and she tried walking in the new shoes. 

“Very Pretty!”, I told her, “consider them a gift.”

“Thank you, ma’am, “ she replied, “do you think they make me look sexy?”

I assured her that she didn’t need the shoes to look sexy, but that they did make her look hot. I asked about her work schedule and found out that she was going to be off at 7PM on Saturday night.

“Ok Lisa, here’s what you are going to do. Meet me downstairs at the Bennigans at 7:30 on Saturday night. Dress in those new heels and a skirt, and remember no panties!”

“I’ll be there ma’am, “ she assured me.

I wasn’t so sure. I expected the guilt and embarrassment might set in and keep her away.