 See other homework assignments for background.

I left Lisa to close her shoe store and I walked back to the JW Marriott. I was on fire I was so horny! In my room I relived every second of our encounter as I soaked in the Jacuzzi tub and the jets of hot water played over my body. It wasn’t long and orgasms were ripping through me. I had thought about picking up some guy, but decided a man would just ruin the mood right then. 

I e-mailed my “professors” that night and got some excited replies. The next move depended on Lisa. I spent a couple of frustrating days back in seminars and study groups as I waited on Saturday to arrive. Would she be there?

I spent my spare time shopping, not at the Galleria, but at other shops and Malls around Houston. Saturday was suppose to be an Indian Summer day so I found a new outfit just for the occasion.

Finally the big day arrived! I bathed and shaved and dressed in a state of just barely controlled excitement. 

The blouse I wore was a flowered silk, in pastels. It fit over my left shoulder and across the top of my breast to under my right arm. The tail was cut on the opposite angle, and the matching skirt finished the zig zag, starting at mid thigh on one side and ending just below my knee on the other. Of course I wore nothing but a white lace garter and hose under it. A small gold pendant, watch and 3 inch heels in soft blue suede finished me off.

My nipples made little points in the silk as I walked through the lobby and across the street to the Galleria and Bennigans. I timed my arrival so that Lisa would already be there if she were coming. I was trying not to be too optimistic about it as I entered the saloon and grill. You can imagine my smile as I saw her sitting at a table waiting for me. 

I signaled the waiter that I was joining her and crossed the room to meet her. I was well aware of the looks I was attracting. I knew that my nipples were obviously sticking up, and that the heels added tension to my legs and a sexy sway to my walk. I loved it! 

Lisa stood as I arrived at her table, but I had to initiate the hug. I wasn’t sure if it was embarrassment on her part from the other night, or her submissive attitude. I held her back at arms length and looked her over. 

“Your beautiful,” I allowed, “but I am not to excited about you wearing the store uniform.” She was in the same outfit I had seen her in the other night, black knee length skirt and red blouse. 

Her lip quivered, “I’m sorry ma’am, but this is the best I had for tonight, everything else is…well too conservative.”

I laughed, if this is the most risqué thing she owned we were really going to have fun tonight. 

“Not to worry,” I smiled, “we’ll fix that problem soon. Now is the rest of your outfit “proper” attire too?”

“ Oh definitely not ma’am,” she blushed.

“Well let’s sit down and you can show me!”

There was the least little bit of hesitation as she took her chair and worked her skirt up and legs apart to give me a peek at her fussy bush. I smiled again, she blushed and a waiter appeared at the table to take our orders. She made no effort to lower her skirt though I doubt from his angle he could see anything more than a lot of pretty thigh and the lace tops of her hose. I ordered us a couple of Margueritas and Lisa began to chatter away. I guess she was a bit nervous. I know I was!

She told me about her boyfriend, Richard, and how they meet, where he worked and all the small talk trivia we girls are so fond of. Finally, as she began her second drink she told me how after our last meeting she had gone home and just about raped poor Richard. As they were cuddling after what she called the best sex she ever had she told him about me. At first he thought it was just a fantasy she was making up to get him excited again, and when he realized that she expected him to believe it he laughed at her. 

“He just doesn’t believe you are real Ma’am” she told me. 

“Oh I am very real!” I laughed. “very real indeed!”

She told me she wouldn’t have anything to do with him the next 2 days, and that he was now trying his best to get back on her good side.

“Lets go shopping!” 

I settled the check, took her hand and we bounced out of the grill. She started to tell me she couldn’t afford to buy anything tonight, but I just led her on anyway. 

Once again I was on exhibit in the Mall and loving every minute of it. My skirt would not flare, but the soft fabric clung to my body, showing off the sway of my hips, curve of my ass and shape of my breasts. I was getting really horny and the best part was the night was just starting. On the stairs Lisa had a few moments of hesitation, but I did see her hands ever so slightly raise the skirt as she took the steps next to me. I was going to be proud of her, I just knew it.

I took her to the same dress shop I had been in the other night and to continue my great luck Pam was working again. She greeted me warmly and I introduced Lisa to her. We all hit it off immediately and began our hunt for the right outfits. Evidently Lisa had never enjoyed financial freedom, because she shopped the price tag first, then the clothes. It only took me a second to convince her we were here for fun and to just pick what she liked. I took her hand and together we selected a couple of dresses to try on. I turned her loose and shortly she had an armload of blouses, skirts and dresses to take to the fitting room. We all trouped into the fitting area and once again I got naked but for my garter and stockings right away. Pam was as un-surprised as the first time, but Lisa was a little taken aback. 

“Come on girl, relax and have fun” I teased. I stood in front of her and began to open her blouse. Soon she too was stripped to her thigh highs and heels. I noticed that her bush was trimmed to a nice bikini cut. 

“Pam”, I asked, “ did you let that horny husband of yours shave you yet?”

“Not yet”, she replied, ‘I’m saving it for next weekend, our anniversary.”

Lisa didn’t know how to take such open conversation, but I will give her credit, she asked if she should shave hers too. I told her I sort of liked the little blonde bush, I thought it was kind of cute.

We tried on piece after piece. I had no intention of buying anything else to carry back home, but I was looking for just the right ensemble for Lisa. One of the skirts she had picked up was identical to the black pleated skirt I had worn the first night I met her, except it was a soft blue. She tried a pale blue blouse that matched it very well and went with the natural color of her heels. The skirt came only to mid thigh and a slight swish revealed the lace tops of her hose. The blouse was a thin rayon that was almost transparent, and with back light would be. I kept my eyes on those as she tried on more clothes. With each new costume we would prance and swing about, showing off for ourselves. Finally, after a dozen changes each, helping each other fit and tuck, tie and snap, feeling the touch of each others hands against our naked bodies, we were done. 

I sorted out the skirt and blouse that I wanted her to have, and handed them to Pam. Lisa protested, until I told Pam to remove the tags so she could wear them out of the store. She was as excited as a little girl as she dressed in her new clothes. We had Pam bag the old stuff, including her bra, and giving her a big hug we made our way out of the store and the Mall. 

Lisa was really fired up now and as we walked across the Mall she swished and swayed and bounced and drew every eye of the late Saturday night crowd. Her breasts were about a 36C, compared to my own pert 34B titties, and with every move they wiggled and jiggled under her blouse accentuating her bralessness. 

Either the constant movement against the fabric, her own excitement or both, had her nipples sticking out in quarter inch points. 

Now I was used to turning heads when I was on show, but Lisa actually took the breath away. I saw several double takes and unabashed stares as we paraded through the Mall. 

“Let’s get another drink,” I encouraged her, and led her off to the hotel lobby. There was a small dark bar in the lobby, with low large overstuffed seats and lower tables. We positioned ourselves in the chairs and ordered up drinks. 

“You think Richard is at home?”, I asked her.

“It’s almost 10 o’clock, he should be, why?” she asked suspiciously.

“Give me his number, I want to call him. What does he mean I’m a figment of your imagination!”

He answered on the second ring., “Hello, this is Richard.”

“Do you have any idea who this is?” I asked.

Before he could reply I told him, “This is Jackie, the woman who doesn’t exist.”

“Your name may be Jackie, but the woman that Lisa described couldn’t exist.”

“Well I’m here with Lisa right now, and she looks like she could use some company tonight. Believe me Richard, you would enjoy her company right now!”

“Tell me where you are and I’ll meet you.”

“Not so fast big boy!” I told him in my sternest voice. “If you want to join us tonight and see if there really is a Jackie you need to do some things for us.”

I told him we would meet him in the hotel bar, but first he had to get a room, and on the way had to stop and get some rope, like a clothes line. He was to leave the rope and something to cut it with in the room and then meet us in the bar. 

Lisa was looking at me wide eyed as I hung up the cell phone. 

“Relax Sweet Lisa, the night is going to get more and more interesting” I told her.

I had noticed that the traffic past our table had been steadily increasing since we sat down. I looked to Lisa and could see the tops of her hose and some bare skin, my garter straps were showing and I realized that with the right angle, like that taken on the path to the restrooms, you could probably see all the way up our skirts. I pointed this out to Lisa, and to my surprise she told me she knew. Oh this was getting better all the time. 

We had just been served our third drink, and had been approached by several men, when Richard arrived. Lisa pointed him out to me as he approached. Not bad, about 23 and well over 6 foot tall, he looked sharp in a casual shirt and slacks. As he neared Lisa I could see the change on his face. Evidently he was getting the view that Lisa had been giving all the other men in the bar. She stood up just before he got to her and he stopped dead in his tracks. 

“Lisa?” he asked, as if this wasn’t the girl he knew.

She hugged his neck and sat him down in the chair with her. His hand rested on her thigh and he was absolutely speechless. I introduced myself with a smile, and asked if he liked Lisa’s new clothes. 

“I can see your tits,” he stammered.

“Do you like them?” she asked with a wanton grin.

“God yes,” he said, “but everyone in here is looking at you!”

“Um” was all she replied.

The waiter brought Richard a drink while Lisa and I talked about nonsense, food, clothes, music and stuff and drove Richard wild.

Finally I asked, “Did you get a room?”

“916” He told us.

“Let’s go!”

We made our way to the elevators, one not bad looking guy and 2 very sexy looking women. When the elevator door closed I turned to Lisa. I began to unbutton her blouse as the car moved up. 

“What if the elevator stops and someone gets on,” she asked.

“You mean you don’t want people to see you?” I questioned.

“Well yes, I mean no…well I mean I do want them to see, but I’m scared.”

“Don’t worry Sweet Lisa, Richard and I will protect you.”

I had her blouse fully open and using my hands slipped it back on her shoulders. She shrugged her arms and allowed the blouse to fall back down her arms to her hand. She casually handed it to Richard. Damn, she was beautiful standing there topless I thought as the chime sounded for the floor. We stepped from the car into the floor lobby. I stopped as the door closed behind us and asked Richard.

“What do you think big boy, does she need that skirt anymore?”

He caught on fast and replied, “No, I think not.”

Lisa didn’t even hesitate. Her hand went to her hip and unfastened the skirt allowing it to fall to the floor. There she hooked her toe in it and flipped it up to Richard. She was standing nude in the hotel hallway, anyone coming or going would see her. She did a slow turn and then offer each of us a hand. We led her to the room.

Inside the room I told her to get Richard undressed while I prepared things. I took the rope he had there and cut it into several lengths. I slipped a long piece under the mattress at the head and foot. I placed a pillow about halfway down the bed, and made sure another short piece of rope was within reach. 

When I turned to see them Lisa was on her knees in front of a very naked Richard, She had his rigid dick in her hand and was just lowering her mouth to him. I watched fascinated as she took him into her mouth and started to slide up and down over his cock. She didn’t deep throat him, but took all she could into herself and slipped him slowly back out. I noticed her bright red nails for the first time. She had duplicated my polish. Well the best form of flattery is imitation. It just looked so damn sexy, her bright fingers holding his hard dick as her mouth slid over him.

My company car is an Explorer, but my personal car is a Miata, and I like the top down, so I always carry a scarf in my purse to tie my hair with. I took it from my handbag and walked behind Lisa. I lowered it over her eyes and tied it behind her head. 

“That’s enough of that”, I told her, “now stand up for me.”

I led her to the bed and helped her lay on it. I had her raise her body and slipped the pillow under her butt. Then I went to each corner and tied her hands and feet to the ends of the rope I had slipped under the mattress. I left on her hose and heels. She looked spectacular, naked, spread-eagled and blindfolded on the bed. 

I turned to Richard. His cock was standing out at attention. I instructed him to get between her legs and please her. He didn’t need any other prompting as her almost dove into her. I listened to her moans as I began to strip off my clothes. Once I was down to my heels, stockings and garter I move around to the head of the bed to get a better view. I was mesmerized, watching him tongue and nibble at her clit as she twisted and pushed her pussy to his mouth. I was fingering my own pussy as I watched them, and Richards eyes were locked unto me as his mouth and hands played with her. I was really enjoying playing with myself, but Richard watching added a new flavor to it for me. Lisa was going crazy, and Richard was working like a pro on her when she finally exploded into a fit of orgasm. 

I was almost ready to cum myself, but held back, I was having too much fun being horny. I gave them a moment to catch their breath, then told Richard to move up and sit over her so that his balls rested on her belly button. I told him to put his hands behind his back and grabbed the short piece of rope and tied them there. Now I took my place behind him. My legs kneeled over hers as my breasts pushed into his back. His hands were right at the level of my pussy and I pushed myself against him. He didn’t disappoint me as he immediately began playing with my pussy and a finger slid easily inside me. I was too short to whisper into his ear, and besides I wanted Lisa to hear what was going on, so I blurted out, “Damn your finger feels so good in my cunt!”

Lisa could feel our bodies moving, straddled over hers as I pushed against him and worked his finger into me deeper.

“Like my pussy Richard?” I asked.

“Oh yes’, he whispered in reply.

“Speak up so Lisa can hear you”

“It’s hot and wet,” he spoke out, “and I love it!”

I reached around him and took his hard dick into my hand. “My, what a hard dick you have,” I crooned.

“Do you like the feel of my hand on your cock?”

“Oh yes!”

“I’m going to jack you off and make you cum all over Sweet Lisa, would you like that?” I asked.

“Oh fuck!” was all he could say.

Lisa was moaning and wiggling under us as my hand moved on his cock. I couldn’t close my hand around him, and I guessed him to be 6 inches. (What a man would call 8 inches but I think they start measuring at their assholes)

I worked in slow steady strokes and as I did I moved my pussy against his hand. I was soaking wet and could feel the trickle running down my thighs. He built steadily toward my goal as I moved a little faster over his cock. At last I felt him move back into me and tense up, I knew he was about to cum.

Holding him aimed in the air I pulled back hard, pulling all the free skin to the base of his dick. He jerked forward and arched his first spasm into the air. It flew to land on Lisa’s tits and shoulders. I pulled his cock down now and aimed him like a hose. Lisa arched her back and neck just as he shot again and this one hit her on the bottom of her chin, splashing onto her throat. Lisa flopped back down and the next burst hit her in the breast and left cheek. The final couple of pumps were not so strong and landed on her chest and belly. I watched Lisa to see her reaction to the cum shower. She was licking her lips though none of the juice had hit her mouth. 

I moved off her and told Richard to do the same. I then moved the side table chair to the head of the bed and told him to sit there while I helped Lisa clean up. I crawled up over her until my arms were above hers on the bed and my knees were outside her waist. I felt my nipples brush hers and it sent a thrilling unfamiliar feeling through my whole body. I hadn’t been sure just how far I was going to go with this, but now I knew there was no limit. 

I leaned down and brushed her lips ever so softly with mine. Her tongue reached for me. But I pulled away. I leaned to her ear and whispered to her, “Have you ever tasted Richard’s cum?”

“No ma’am,” she whispered back to me.

There was a rivulet of his juice running down her cheek and I moved to it. I slowly licked my tongue from the back edge of her jaw to the bottom of her eye. I can’t compare the taste to anything else. It is sharp and tangy, bitter and salty all at once and leaves a strong aftertaste. 

I kissed Lisa, my first girl to girl kiss. Then I backed up just enough to get a good look at her. She was flushed and panting, her chest a dark red and her tongue constantly moving. I placed my hand under her neck and raised her throat to me. I lowered my mouth to her throat and using my tongue ladled up the small pool of cum that was there. I held it in my mouth as I moved to her mouth and shared it with her. As our mouths meet and the cum flowed between us her tongue probed my mouth trying to lick every drop from inside me. I repeated this until I had cleaned up every trace of her shower from Richard. 

I was going crazy inside, hot and horny as I had never been before. I had waited as long as I could. I knee walked over her until my knees were above her head. I began to lower myself onto her, and as I did she raised her mouth to meet me. If I had had any doubts about Lisa this answered them for me. I felt as if every nerve ending on my body was hard wired and routed up my arms and legs to a central connection, and as her tongue touched my clit I felt the spark fly between us. I grabbed her hair and held her tight to me as her tongue flicked at me, her mouth covered me and her breath set fire to my insides. I had never felt this before. Was I a latent lesbian? Right now who the fuck cared!

It started deep in my belly and worked through my chest and arms, down my legs, and burst into my head! I was gripped by a continuous orgasm that rocked me, made me dizzy and took my breath away. I had to grab the headboard to hold myself from falling. It kept on and on, my hips bucking against her face, my body trembling until I had to pull myself off her before I died. I fell onto the bed next to her. After a minute or two I could look at her and actually see. Her face was covered with my juice and she was licking her lips to taste more of it. I looked across from her to see Richard slowly stroking his hard cock. I guess I wasn’t cut out to be a Girlscout, he had gotten my rope loose and was evidently enjoying the show we were giving him. 
