 True story of my 1st experience with a girl..on my honeymoon

A lovely warm breeze passed through the thatched roof of the palapa above me, the smell of sunscreen and salty sea air just another reminder that we had arrived in Antigua.

"Hey hon, can you pass me some lotion?" my husband Jeff called from the sun lounge next to me. I waited for him to lower his copy of Time magazine before I tossed him the bottle and then settled back into my own chair. I sighed in relaxation as I let my fingers drag through the warm sand around the lounge, this trip had been a long time coming. We'd been engaged for 18 months before we got married and, because of Jeff's work schedule, waited another two months after the wedding before we took our honeymoon. I hoped that now that we were away from the stress of the wedding and from his work that he would reach out to me a little more than he had been lately. The truth was that our sex life had never been terribly exciting, but he was very affectionate in less sensual ways and he was my best friend. 

I drifted off to sleep under the warm sun, dreaming of my new husband ravishing me like I always imagined on my honeymoon. 

"Jules... Jules, it's time to go for dinner." Jeff had gotten up from the lounge and packed up all his things and was now waiting for me impatiently to do the same. "C'mon babe, let's get a move on." I sighed, so much for relaxation. 

We went up to the room and got ready for dinner, changing out of our beach clothes and into something more appropriate for the French restaurant we'd made reservations at when we checked in that afternoon. After stripping off my black bikini, I shook out my hair and gave Jeff my best seductive look, 

"Care to join me in the shower, hubby?" He barely looked at me and just shook his head, telling me to hurry up and get ready so we could get there early and have a drink before our meal. Frustrated, I locked myself in the bathroom and turned the rain shower on in the large marble stall. While I waited for the shower to heat up, I looked myself over in the mirror. I'd been visiting the tanning salon for a few weeks before the trip to get some colour on my normally pale skin. Now I had a nice glow that I thought looked much more exotic. I ran my hands across my flat stomach, a bit softer since I'd given up on my extreme pre-wedding workouts and then up across my full breasts. Jeff always said the first thing that had attracted him had been my breasts, full DDD cups that had always seemed too big until I realised what a hit they were with all my boyfriends. Without realizing it, I began to play with my breasts as I thought back on how the men of my past had relished their size and bounce. I felt my nipples harden under my palms and gave each one a satisfying pinch before one of my hands trailed back down my belly. This time, I wandered a little further until my fingers fell upon the soft trail of curly hair on my mound. I always waxed my legs and bikini area, leaving a short landing strip in the front. My fingers slid down a little further and found the smooth skin of my pussy lips. One finger pressed inwards, parting them to find the little bud of pleasure nestled underneath. Just as my fingertip found the spot that sent a tingle up through my abdomen, there was a knock on the bathroom door.

"Shit!" I exclaimed in surprise, just as Jeff called out for me to unlock the door so he could get his cologne. I sighed and moved to the door, flipping the lock open and then walking into the steamy shower. The water was the perfect temperature and sent a shiver along my sensitized skin. I tried to ignore the pulsing heat between my legs as Jeff came in and rummaged around the bathroom counter. I washed my hair quickly and then soaped up my body, being careful to avoid my hard nipples as I washed my breasts and stomach. I turned to grab a bottle of conditioner from the shelf on the other side of the shower, when I saw the handheld shower head looped through a metal ring. Beside the ring were another set of taps that I realized turned on the separate shower head. I reached out to pick it up, when Jeff interrupted me again,

"Jules? If you're going to be a while, why don't I meet you down there? I could grab a drin—"

"Yes, perfect, sounds good," I answered eagerly, grabbing the handheld shower head and twisting the knobs until warm water shot out onto my leg. I heard Jeff chuckle as he looked himself over in the mirror, 

"Not eager to get rid of me, are you? You haven't got another husband waiting to see you or something, I hope." I laughed, though it came out a bit forced,

"No, just enjoying a nice... hot... shower," I said as I directed the warm stream of water towards my chest and let the spray hit my nipples.

"Alright, well, take your time." Jeff walked out the door and I decided I certainly would take my time, one hand diving straight down between my legs and sliding along the slick inside of my pussy lips. I was so wet, not from the shower but with the slippery warmth from my arousal. I was so sensitive that my legs quivered a little as I slid my fingers further, right into my wet tunnel where they collected more of my own wetness and then back up to my now throbbing clit. I circled it rapidly with my two fingers while my other hand alternated the spray from the shower onto each nipple. Very quickly, I knew I wanted to cum and let my back slide down the wall until I was sitting on the shower floor. I spread my legs apart and held the shower head right between my legs, aiming the spray at my pleasure nub while my other hand ventured lower again, this time burying them inside my pussy and jerking my hips to fuck my own hand. I came fast and hard after the spray found my perfect spot and I let out a sharp moan, the shower head falling out of my hand as my orgasm shook my body. It was over quickly, my hand still buried in between my legs as I half lay on the shower floor.

"There you are!" my husband called as I walked into the restaurant's dining area, my cheeks flushed with a bit more than make up.

"Hi sweetheart," I said as I slid into the seat opposite him. There was another couple at our table that I'd never seen before and they both smiled as I joined them.

"Jules, this is Leanne and her husband Jesse... they're on their honeymoon too, from Oklaholma."

"Hi Jules, it's real nice to meet you," Leanne said as she took my hand in hers and gave it a squeeze, "Your sweetheart husband was kind enough to let us join ya'll for dinner 'cause the restaurant overbooked and we were starving."

"Of course, it's nice to meet another couple," I said, reaching out to shake Jesse's hand as well. We got to chatting and found that despite living on opposite sides of the country, we had a lot in common with Leanne and Jesse and polished off a few bottles of wine before desert came. 

"We were just gonna head down to the little pool down by the bar," Leanne told us as we got up from the table, "You're not supposed to swim at night but one the bartenders told us that people go in there after hours all the time and nobody ever checks that one. You guys should join us."

Jeff and I decided an evening swim would be fun, so we split up to go to our rooms and get swimsuits before heading back down to meet them again.

"Oh, don't be silly," Leanne had said, "Who needs a swimsuit?" She'd laughed, and I couldn't tell if she was kidding or not but I knew Jeff definitely wouldn't be into swimming naked so we just laughed and went to get them. We grabbed another bottle of wine and some towels and headed down to the pool, where Leanne and Jesse were already getting into the water. They too had a bottle of wine.

"Great minds think alike!" said Jesse as we put ours down at the side of the pool. He had a laptop computer with him as well and was opening up iTunes. A few moments later, music came on and we all clapped for him.

"Great idea," I said, admiring Jesse for a moment. He was very handsome, dark brown hair with light green eyes. He had a great body too, looking like he spent a significant more time in the gym than Jeff did. He came across as a little slow, which made sense when he started talking about how much weed he smokes in an average week. Together, he and Leanne made a very nice looking couple. They were both 29, they told us, having graduated the same year from the same high school,

"We didn't become friends until later," Leanne told us.

"And didn't become lovers until after that," Jesse said with a cheeky grin and Leanne splashed at him playfully. Leanne had blonde hair that she'd piled up top of her head to keep it out of the water and was wearing a tiny bikini that showed off her curvy figure. She had the opposite figure as me, smaller breasts but with wide hips and a full ass. She was naturally tanned and had bright pink fingernails and toes, big earrings and several dangly bracelets. 

We exchanged 'how we met' stories and inevitably got to talking about sex. Jeff wasn't as interested in that conversation as Leanne and I and he ended up going to look at Jesse's computer. While the guys talked music and computer games, Leanne and I kept talking about our love lives. We drifted to the other side of the pool as she relayed that she and Jesse didn't have the most active sex life and she sometimes felt frustrated about it. I thought back to my shower and told her I understood exactly where she was coming from. With the inhibitions in the bottom of one of the now several bottles of wine, I told her about how our sex life had basically been nonexistent lately and how I was beginning to think Jeff wasn't attracted to me.

"Aw, I'm sure that's not it darlin'," Leanne said reassuringly, reaching out to stroke my cheek, "Who wouldn't be attracted to you?" The gesture was innocent enough, but sent a little shiver along my spine. I blamed the wine and ignored it, 

"I hope you're right. Who'd want to have lost their whole sex life within the first few months of being married??"

"Yeah, I know the feeling. I mean, sort of. It's not your WHOLE sex life." Again, I thought of the shower and agreed. We chatted some more about each of our relationships, before Leanne mentioned their waning sex life again,

"He's real good, though, you know about letting me get closer with my... you know... girl friends..." she had a bit of a mischievous smile and I raised an eyebrow,

"I'm not sure I do know what you mean..." I said tentatively. Leanne looked surprised and said to me in a hushed voice,

"Well, as far as Jesse's concerned, he's happy as long as I'm happy... and he knows that sometimes it takes a woman to make me happy... And that makes him happy too..." She watched my face carefully, I'm sure seeing the surprise in my expression,

"Are you serious? He doesn't mind if you... fool around... with other women?"

"It's not cheating if it's a woman, darlin'." I laughed,

"No way, Jeff wouldn't like that at all... He says cheating is cheating, no matter what. He doesn't have that lesbian fantasy that most guys do." Leanne looked unconvinced,

"That's crazy... I'll bet you that if you went over there right now and asked Jeff if he'd mind if you and I had a little kiss, he'd be all for it." I must have looked incredulous, but she just nodded more eagerly and put her hand on my back and gave me a little push in the water, "Go on, ask him." I hesitated but she nudged me again and I had to admit that I was intrigued by the idea. We'd all had a lot to drink and wasn't it every guy's fantasy? 

I made my way across the pool, feeling giggly and nervous. Leanne followed closely behind me and I could see that she had already made eye contact with Jesse and had that same cheeky grin on her face.

"Hey guys," I said as we approached and Jeff turned to face me.

"Hey hon. Jesse here's got a great machine, we need to get a better laptop... this thing is amazing." I hesitated and Leanne must have picked up on it because she dove right in,

"Hi fellas. Jules and I were just havin' a talk and she was sayin' that you," she smiled at Jeff, "Aren't into the idea of her being with another woman. Well, I said that was just crazy and that I bet you'd like it if we had a kiss, me and her." Jeff looked surprised and though he glanced over at me quickly, he seemed taken in with Leanne and her bright, beautiful smile. Leanne stroked her hand across her own husband's shoulder, "Jesse would like it... wouldn't you, baby?" Jesse grinned,

"Well, hell yeah I would. Two beautiful ladies, what more could a guy want?" Jeff, maybe caught up in the moment or blurry from all the wine just laughed and agreed,

"Well, yeah, sure." That was all Leanne needed to hear as she turned towards me and beamed,

"Didn't I tell you so?" she asked and swam in a little closer. I noticed Jeff was watching us more closely now, maybe realizing what he'd said and re-thinking it. I didn't look over at him, though, as suddenly I wanted more than anything for Leanne to kiss me. She rose up out of the water a little so we were at eye level and smiled at me before she leaned in and I felt her breasts press up against mine a moment before her lips fell onto mine. I didn't know what to expect and was still for a moment as her soft lips brushed against mine. When they pressed a bit more firmly, I felt my eyes close and I parted my lips slightly to deepen the soft kiss. I thought she would end it there, but then I felt the dart of her tongue across my bottom lip and she opened her mouth a little more. I felt my heartbeat pick up and tried to keep my breathing steady, even as I felt a spike in my excitement. She tilted her head slightly and as she did, I slid my tongue past her lips and into her warm mouth. She made an mmm sound against my lips and lightly sucked my tongue before withdrawing. She brushed her lips slowly across mine one more time before she lifted her head from mine and I opened my eyes,

"Hi," was all I could think to say. She grinned at me,

"Hi." She turned to face the boys and I followed her gaze, both of them staring at us in silence. Jesse was a huge grin, leaning back against the edge of the pool and happily watching his wife kiss me. Jeff looked surprised but he too had a smile on his face, "Was it good for you?" Leanne asked him playfully and he laughed,

"Sure, like he said, two beautiful ladies." He turned back to the computer and asked Jesse a question about one of the programs running and I felt disappointed as I realized the moment had passed. 

"I told you he'd like it," Leanne whispered in my ear, her breath tickling the hairs on my neck and sending a quiver right down to my clit that was stirring slightly. "Although, I will admit he doesn't seem that interested." We drifted off away from the men again as they chatted more computer stuff.

"Yeah, I told you it's not his thing." I tried to sound indifferent and shrugged for more effect, "I guess it doesn't matter now, we did it and he was alright with it and it's over."

"It doesn't have to be over..." Leanne said suggestively and I looked at her, startled. Before I could say anything else, she carried on, "Sink down a little," and I noticed that she had sunk down into the water so just her chin was above the surface of the pool. I did as she said as soon as I did, I felt her hands reach out and find my waist. She moved in so close that I could feel her breath on my cheek as I turned to look nervously over at the men, who had their backs to us. "Don't worry..." she breathed softly and then her lips found mine again. I hesitated again and she took my face in her hands so I couldn't back away and pressed her lips more insistently against mine. I opened my mouth, letting her eager tongue pass my lips and I gave a little sigh as I felt the warmth from her mouth. She kissed me deeply, holding my face firmly and exploring my lips and mouth with her skilful tongue. When she could feel I wasn't trying to pull away, her hands left my face to rest gently on my shoulders. I reached out for her, looping my arms around her waist so I could feel her back. Within a minute, she slid her hands down my chest and pulled my bikini top swiftly down to my waist, my breasts bouncing to the surface of the water. She broke the kiss to look at my breasts and sighed happily,

"Mm, you have some real nice big titties," she said and began to explore them with her hands. Her words sent a thrill of excitement through me and I didn't dare look over at the men now. She took one in each hand, lifting it out of the water to feel the weight and then we sank down a little lower. She squeezed each breast and then massaged them slowly before she found my nipples and rolled them gently between her fingers. I bit my lip and she grinned at me, pinching both nipples a little harder and feeling them go hard in her hands, "You like that?" she said in a hushed, sexy voice and I nodded.

"Uh huh.." I mumbled. We stood there facing each other, her hands exploring my breasts beneath the water while I began to stroke her back. I couldn't believe this was happening, I'd never really wanted to be with another woman but now that she was in front of me, I was so turned on that I felt a familiar warmth spreading between my thighs. She let one of my breasts go for a moment and I almost opened my mouth to tell her not to stop before she pulled out her own breasts and placed one of my hands on it.

"Touch me," she said softly and I looked down to see my hand cupping her small breast. I slid my other hand to her other breast and began to massage them gently. She made a happy sound as I played gently with her nipples, pushing her chest out until I grabbed them more firmly. She leaned in and kissed me again, one hand still playing with my breasts. I suddenly felt her other hand in my swimsuit bottoms, moving the crotch to the side and pushing her fingers up inside my wet hole. I gave a yelp in surprise and she broke her lips from mine, "Did I hurt you?" she wondered, but had an evil little grin because she could feel how wet I was and knew it wouldn't have hurt.

"N-no.. I just.. Maybe we should stop..." I said and finally looked back at the men.

"Do you wanna stop?" her voice was so husky and sexy that it alone made me feel even more juices flowing down into my pussy. She began to slowly slide her fingers in and out of me, her thumb pressed up against my clit. Shock waves of pleasure rushed through me and I had to take a moment before I could answer. 

"No..."

"No what?" she asked, speeding up her fingers so they were thrusting firmly in and out of my tight canal.

"No, don't stop," I murmured. Her fingers slowed and she let some pressure off my clit and I pressed into her, "Don't stop," I said more insistently. She waited a few moments and I grabbed at her breasts eagerly, dipping my head down and biting into her shoulder lightly. I felt my body begin to tense as she began really finger banging me with one hand, while the other grabbed my nipple between her thumb and finger and twisted it sharply. "Ahh!" I exclaimed abruptly as I began to come, burying my face in her neck to muffle the sound. I felt my orgasm rip through me, my whole body shuddering against hers. She released her thumb from my clit and slowly stroked her fingers in and out of my spasming vagina before she withdrew them too. I lifted my head, my face flushed bright pink and gasping for breath. Just then, Jeff called over,

"Hey girls, I think I'm about ready to turn in. Jules?" Obviously, he hadn't seen what had happened as he sounded totally normal and casual.

"Uh... you go on, honey... I'll meet you." I called back, my hands reaching down to pull up my top. Leanne moved away, also fixing herself quickly under water and we both started across the pool.

"Jules, we have to get up early for our tour tomorrow... are you sure you won't come to the room with me?" Jeff asked, holding his hand out to me and gesturing for me to get out of the pool after him. I looked at Leanne and she shrugged,
