 3. Product Testing

Casey stared gloomily out of the window as the sky turned an even darker shade of grey and a few drops of grimy city rain splashed against the shop window. 

She took the weight off her feet by perching on the tall stool she kept hidden behind the counter, a brief relief from her gorgeous but uncomfortable new midnight-blue heeled sandals. 

It had been a long afternoon, but she kept herself going by thinking about how she could spend her evening: a long, hot bath, an enormous glass of wine and curling up on her sofa to continue reading the steamy new novel she'd started last night.

She sighed and glanced at her slim gold watch. It was only half-past-four, another thirty minutes before she could leave. After the excitement of yesterday, today had been quite quiet, just a handful of customers venturing out on this cold and blustery Thursday afternoon. The lack of customers left her lots of time to think about what had happened yesterday, to remember how Abby's fingers felt sliding over her skimpy lace panties, how it would have felt to have her stroke the willing flesh beneath. Seducing an inexperienced girl like Abby was such a turn-on; a few more minutes alone with her would have certainly relieved some of the stress of yesterday. If only her sister hadn't interrupted; she was such a spoilsport! 

All the thoughts of what she could have done with young Abby, were making her feel hot all over again and she was just wondering if she shouldn't slip off to the Ladies for a little manual stress relief when she heard her sister's voice.

"Casey?" she heard her shout.

"I'm at the counter," she shouted back, her feet complaining as she stood once more. Her older sister would tell her off if she saw her using the stool. She was so bossy! It had always been the same though, even when they were growing up. She treated Casey like any other member of staff rather than the joint owner (although admittedly she only owned a nominal ten percent of the store).

"Are you okay? You look a bit pale," Casey said as her sister appeared around the corner.

"Actually, I'm not feeling too good, I can't seem to get rid of this bloody headache," Stacy said, leaning heavily on the counter.

"Why don't you go early? I can lock up."

"I would, but I'm still waiting for this sales rep. to turn up."

"Sales rep?"

"Yes, Pippa something. Met her at that exhibition recently. She should have been here by now," Stacy said, massaging her temples.

"You know what these rep's are like, unreliable at the best of times. Hey, I can talk to her if she turns up."

"Are you sure?"

"Absolutely."

"Okay thanks, but don't agree to anything without checking with me, alright?"

"Of course not, now you go home and have a rest sweetie."

--

Pippa Willows pulled into the first parking spot she saw, switched the engine off and yanked the keys from the ignition before leaping out of the silver Mercedes. 

"Bloody London traffic!" she muttered, hunching her shoulders and grimacing as she felt some drops of rain splashing on her straw blonde hair as she heaved two large black cases from the boot. She was having such a bad week and being late was the last thing she needed. Her monthly bonus was in doubt unless she managed to do some serious deals soon.

She quickly skipped out of the car park and hurried left towards the sign that at the end of the street that read "Honeysuckle Lingerie".

--

"Here, let me help you," Casey said, rushing over and holding the door open as the young woman struggled through the door with her cases.

"Thanks, I'm Pippa Willows, I've got an appointment with Stacy," the woman said, putting the cases on the floor and shaking the excess rain from her coat.

"I'm afraid my sister's ill so she's gone home early, but I'm Casey the joint owner here, so perhaps you could talk to me instead. If that's alright with you, of course," Casey said, offering her hand.

"Of course, pleased to meet you," Pippa said.

"Likewise," Casey said, looking her up and down as they politely shook hands. She suited her name, tall and willowy with pale skin and dark blue, almost indigo-coloured, eyes behind black-rimmed designer spectacles. Her long straight blonde hair was parted in the centre and flowed over her shoulders.

"Sorry I'm a bit late, the traffic's shocking," Pippa said apologetically as she slipped out of her raincoat.

"No problem. Let me take that," Casey offered, admiring the way the woman's silky aquamarine blouse and navy skirt clung to her slender figure.

"So where can I...?" Pippa said, holding out the cases.

"If you head up those stairs, you'll find the office to your left," Casey said, pointing towards the rear of the store. "It's just me here at the moment, so I'll lock the doors and follow you up."

--

The upstairs office was surprisingly large, with vanilla-coloured walls and a beige carpet. There was a large desk with two chairs in front of the rain-splashed window but Casey lead the saleswoman over to a more casual space, a corner where a large comfortable-looking tan leather sofa sat in front of some abstract prints and helped her place the two large cases on a sleek chrome and glass coffee table.

"So, first of all, thanks for sparing me some of your valuable time," Pippa said, straightening her navy skirt over her knees as she sat down. She hooked a pair of black-rimmed glasses over her ears and handed Casey a business card that read "Pippa Willows, Senior Sales Representative, Silk and Steel Ltd."

"No problem, thanks for coming to see us," Casey said politely, taking a seat on the sofa beside her.

"Right, so let me start with a question: what's the bestselling book of all time?"

"Um, Harry Potter?" Casey guessed.

"Fifty Shades of Grey," Pippa said with a grin. "So what does that tell you about the British woman of today?"

Casey opened her mouth to reply but Pippa swept on with what was obviously a well-practiced sales pitch.

"It tells me that women today are much more liberated and open about exploring the limits of their sexuality. I've been with Silk and Steel for five years and every year that passes, I find that women are a little more willing to talk about sex and experiment with our products. Every year we've increased our sales. Buying yourself a dildo is normal now. And trying a little light bondage just isn't seen as being weird or kinky these days. It's just seen as a sign of having a healthy sex life with your boyfriend."

"Or girlfriend," Casey added.

"Or girlfriend of course; whether you're straight, gay or lesbian, trying something new or different just isn't a big deal these days. The internet has allowed women to realise that they're not alone in having sexual fantasies or wanting to explore their sexual boundaries. You can buy vibrators on Amazon these days, for goodness sake!"

"Okay, so what exactly do you sell?" Casey said.

"I'm glad you asked," Pippa said, grinning as she flipped open the catch of the first case.

"Oh! I see!" Casey said, watching as the woman folded it open to reveal a wide array of bondage equipment: black leather whips, velvet blindfolds, shiny metal handcuffs.

"And in this case, some more conventional sex toys," Pippa said as she opened the second case which was filled with a colourful mix of dildos, vibrators, lubricants and other adult accessories.

"But we're a lingerie store, we just don't stock these kind of items," Casey said.

"Yes, but as I was saying to your sister at the conference, you really are missing a big sales opportunity. A recent survey found that more than fifty percent of women own or have owned a vibrator, did you know that? A lot of women get them from the internet, but don't you think they'd want to know what it feels like before buying it? Don't you think they'd want to hold it, and get a feel for its size and texture?"

"I guess, but I'm still not sure..."

"I mean, think about it. Your customers are already semi-naked and trying on lingerie, so they're already in that bedroom mind-set, why not discretely offer them a range of high-quality toys to enhance their sex life?"

"Yes, well, I must admit I am impressed by your range," Casey said, smiling as she ran her fingers over the vibrators, examining the wide range of colours and textures and shapes, from elegantly-curved, pastel-coloured vibrators to tiny bullet-shaped clitoral stimulators to thick, penis-shaped dongs. She crossed her legs, feeling her fitting grey trousers stretching tightly against her thighs as she wondered how the different toys might feel against her nakedness.

"Well different women want different types of stimulation. We try to cater to all tastes."

"I haven't seen this type before," Casey said, pointing at a small transparent pink cylinder about the size of a large hairclip.

"Ah, that's a finger vibe," Pippa said, picking it up and sliding it over her two of her fingers.

"Oh, I see! How cute!"

"Yes, you flick it on like this, then you can use it on yourself or your partner. You can orgasm with it, but most women use it for foreplay," she said, sliding it up and down the sleeve of her blouse to demonstrate.

"Here, try it on me," Casey said, sliding the 

sleeve of her white blouse up over her arm.

"Nice, huh?" Pippa said.

"Oooh yes, great for foreplay, like you say," Casey giggled, shivering as Pippa ran it up and down her bare arm sending little tingles through her skin. "Do you mind if I try it?"

"Of course," Pippa said, slipping it off her finger and sliding it onto Casey's index finger. "See? You flick it on like this."

"Ooh, feels funny," Casey said as her fingers began to vibrate with a quiet hum. "And I'd use it like this?"

"Yes, exactly," Pippa said as she felt Casey slide it up and down her arm over the thin silk of her blouse.

"Bet this would feel amazing on the more intimate parts of your body. Imagine what it would feel like on your nipples!" Casey said, sliding her hand slowly up over the girl's arm and slowly down over the soft swell of her breasts.

"Yes, well, maybe I'll let you have one as a free sample," Pippa said, quickly sitting up. She grasped Casey's hand and slipped it off her finger as her cheeks coloured a little.

"I can't believe the range of vibrators you have here. What's most popular?" Casey said, fascinated with the contents of the cases.

"This one here, this new battery-powered massage wand has been our top seller recently," Pippa said, picking up a toy with a slender pink shaft attached to a rounded white cylindrical head and handing it to Casey.

"Ooh, it feels quite powerful," Casey said as she flicked it on with her thumb.

"Oh yes, it's a firm favourite. I always say that it has three speeds: low, medium and oh-my-God!" Pippa joked.

Casey laughed as she used her thumb to switch it on, the toy rumbling in her hand as if it had a life of its own.

"Is that your own personal favourite then?" Casey asked, little tingles of anticipation as she slid the switch up a notch, moving from a powerful, low rumble to a higher-pitched buzz.

"Sometimes. I like the Doxy and Hitachi wands too. And some of the new silicone vibrators are good but for a guaranteed orgasm I find the Rampant Rabbit range always hits the spot," she replied.

"Feels really good, I could do with a little stress relief," Casey admitted, slowly running the massage toy along the inside of her leg.

"Yes, well, anyway, as I was saying, we're the leading provider of high-quality adult toys in this area and like to think of ourselves as providing a very discrete and professional service to all our customers, so we think we'd be a perfect fit for an upmarket boutique like you have here. You see, at Silk and Steel..."

Casey continued to listen absent-mindedly as she slid the vibrator up and down her leg, quickly tuning out, her mind focussing on the pleasantly warm throbbing sensations in her thighs as she ran her eyes over Pippa's slim body. She watched as the blonde shifted position, the tight navy skirt riding up a little over her smooth legs and the folds of her thin aquamarine blouse betraying small but perky breasts. She watched the woman's raspberry lips as she continued to talk and wondered if they'd feel as plump and juicy as they looked. The events of the day before and the carnal cornucopia of toys laid out in front of her were causing all sorts of lewd thoughts to form in her mind.

"And I can assure you that all of our toys are of the very highest quality, so if you like to perhaps try some of a sale-or-return basis..." Pippa continued, using a finger to ease her spectacles up over her nose.

"Hmm, you say high-quality but how can I be sure?" Casey said, running her fingers along the different types of restraints: furry pink handcuffs, Velcro bindings, lengths of black rope until she came to a pair of silver handcuffs. "These, for example, how do I know that they're robust? Our customers expect the best."

"Of course, and I assure you these are the best."

"I mean," Casey said, warming to her theme, "We're not some high street chain like Ann Summers. We don't want to be associated with novelty toys or naughty nurses' outfits or cheap plastic bondage gear that breaks the first time you try it."

"I can assure you these are the best quality: premium metal cuffs joined with solid steel links. Here look I'll show you, if you just give me your hands..."

Casey allowed the woman to slip the cuffs over her wrists, shivering at the feel of the cold metal against her skin.

"Yes, well, they certainly seem to be well-made," she said, as she tested their strength by trying and failing to pull her wrists apart. "Yes, very secure."

"Told you," Pippa said, looking a little smug.

"Gosh, you could do anything you wanted with me!" Casey said, imagining how it would feel to have Pippa strap her hands to the couch before slowly and purposefully stripping her naked, one item of clothing at a time. She squeezed her thighs a little tighter trying to satisfy the delicious itch between her thighs as she pictured herself squirming happily as she felt those glossy raspberry lips on her naked skin.

"Yes, well, that's the idea," Pippa said, laughing nervously as she swept a strand of blonde hair around her ear.

"Do you mind if I try them on you?"

"Sure," Pippa said as she demonstrated how to unfasten the cuffs with a small silver key then held out her hands.

"Perhaps I can try it with your hands behind your back. If that's okay with you..."

"Behind my back? Oh, well, I suppose that's okay..." Pippa said hesitantly as she turned away from Casey and felt the young woman take her hands. It seemed a bit unusual but she really did need this sale.

"There, how does that feel? Too tight?" Casey said, feeling a little thrill of anticipation as she felt the mechanism click into place, the metal bands fitting snugly around the woman's slender wrists.

"No, that's fine," the blonde said, struggling theatrically, the chain taut between the cuffs as she demonstrated how helpless she was. "See how well made they are? I've got no chance of getting out of these."

"Yes, I see," Casey said thoughtfully, her olive-green eyes sparkling as she grasped Pippa's shoulders, turning her back so they were face-to-face.

"So, um, the key's right there on the table, so if you could just..." Pippa said as Casey slid a hand up over her shoulder to stroke her cheek, then held her chin as she shifted closer.

"I always think it's important to get to know potential business partners a little before I do deals with them, don't you agree?" Casey said, as she carefully took off Pippa's glasses then ran a hand through the woman's silky blonde hair.

Pippa opened her mouth to answer but didn't get a chance to speak as Casey kissed her, softly at first, savouring the warmth and plumpness of her warm lips, enjoying their subtle taste. Then feeling the woman struggle a little, hearing muffled sounds of protest as she kissed her more passionately, probing the warm, wetness of her mouth with her darting tongue.

As they kissed, Casey ran her hands over the firm contours of Pippa's body, the woman's protests getting a little louder as she caressed her small, firm boobs.

"What are you doing? Let me go," she protested breathlessly, her face flushed as she watched Casey's wicked fingers unfastening the buttons of her pale blue-green blouse and felt her moist lips kissing her neck.

"I just thought you looked a little hot," Casey said impishly.

"Really, I'm very flattered but you need to stop this!" Pippa complained, struggling helplessly against the handcuffs as Casey's lips kissed her ear and gently sucked at her little pearl earrings.

"Well, those handcuffs certainly seem to be good quality, perhaps we should check something else," Casey said as she ran her fingers over the contents of the nearest case until she found what she was looking for. "Tell me about this."

"That's a ball gag," Pippa explained nervously as she watched Casey swinging the small black silicone gag and its strap from her fingers. It was beginning to occur to Pippa that Casey knew a lot more about bondage than she'd let on. "Now wait a minute, please..."

"I see, so I'd place it in your mouth like this?" Casey said, firmly holding the woman's chin as she eased the table tennis ball-sized gag between her lips. Pippa struggled but with her hands still bound, she couldn't stop Casey sweeping her hair out of the way as her deft fingers fastened the buckle at the back of her neck.

"No please, stop this!" Pippa tried to say but all that came out was a series of incomprehensible grunting noises.

"Oh dear, are you still too hot?" Casey said, wilfully misunderstanding as she quickly slipped off her captive's black court shoes and unzipped her navy skirt.

"Nnnn nnnnn," Pippa protested as she felt Casey's eager little hands roughly tugging at her skirt until it slipped over her slender hips.

"There," Casey gasped triumphantly as she cast the skirt aside then quickly finished unbuttoning Pippa's blouse, her impish green eyes devouring the woman's body.

Pippa squirmed helplessly as she suddenly found herself clad only in her lacy pink underwear. She could only watch as Casey briefly left her, grinning mischievously as she returned with a large pair of silver scissors.

"Now then, hold still!" Casey said as she eased the blades between the cups of her bra. "I wouldn't want to nick those lovely boobs!"

"Nnnn, nnnnn!" Pippa complained as she heard the sharp blades neatly snip through the little white bow at the centre of her brassiere.

"Don't worry, we'll get you a replacement downstairs later," Casey said as her wicked hands tugged the lacy bra open revealing small but pert boobs tipped with petite, strawberry-red nipples.

"What lovely little boobs," Casey cooed as she caressed Pippa's nakedness, her slender hands easily big enough to cup them as she flicked her thumbs across the tips, making Pippa gasp into her gag.

The girl's sobs of protest became louder and hotter as Casey squeezed one of her boobs into a tight little cone and flicked her tongue back and forth until her nipple was as hard and round as her pearl earrings. She couldn't resist, drawing it into her mouth and gently squeezing it between her teeth.

"Mmm, such lovely hard little nipples," she chuckled, leaning back and flicking a wet fingertip across the girl's turgid peaks.

"So, I have to say I am impressed with the quality of your bondage gear, perhaps we should try your vibrators and dildos next," Casey said, her green eyes sparkling playfully.

"Now then what shall we try first, hmm? A big, fat dildo? A little bullet vibrator? Ah, what about this three-speed massager?" Casey said as she pulled the wand from the case with the flourish of a stage magician.
