 6. A Very Flexible Yoga Teacher

Kimberley awoke slowly and reluctantly, the world gradually encroaching on her inner consciousness. Outside, the hum of the traffic and distant rumble of trains bringing early morning commuters into the city was growing steadily louder, the light invading the sanctuary of her bedroom despite the thick curtains. She groaned and rolled over in bed, tugging the duvet up to her chin, unwilling to surrender to consciousness just yet. She squeezed her eyes shut, trying to recall the dream she'd been having. 

It had been quite vivid; she'd been in a temple somewhere hot and exotic like Thailand or Bali. A number of young monks with shaved heads and bright saffron robes had been teaching her advanced yoga poses, their hands patiently guiding and prodding her body into ever more intricate shapes. Strangely, some of them were female, although with their shaved heads, large dark eyes and baggy robes it was hard to tell the difference between male and female. 

The last thing she remembered was finding herself in the "plow pose", a position where you start lying on your back on the floor and roll your legs up over your head so that your toes touch the floor behind your head. She could feel her weight on her shoulders, her bottom in the air, her legs stretching back over her body, her arms flat on the straw matting covering the floor. Held in this pose by strong male hands, she imagined the feel of female fingers sliding smoothly over the back of her thighs through her yoga pants, as they spoke in a language she didn't understand.

The dream had left her feeling distinctly horny and instinctively she stretched out a hand, expecting to find the warm body of her boyfriend Kevin, but only finding a broad expanse of empty bed, the sheets and duvet cool against her outstretched fingers. That's when she remembered the argument from last week; the bitter words, the hot tears, the shocking finale of the door slamming shut. 

To be honest he hadn't been that great in bed anyway, she thought bitterly and she couldn't remember the last time she'd experienced a satisfying climax to their lovemaking. Although he'd had many good qualities, he had been very conventional in bed, insisting on making love in the missionary position and reluctant to 'go down south', as he put it. Still, he was a good-looking man and she wouldn't have minded being able to wrap her arms around the solid heft of his body now, and feel his lean, hardness pressing against her soft curves.

It had been a warm night, and she was only wearing a baggy old t-shirt and a pair of pink knickers. Well, without him here, she'd have to take care of it herself. She lazily ran a hand over her body, stroking her legs, her stomach, gently cupping one of her small boobs through the faded green cotton, leisurely caressing herself, feeling her body responding, her skin tingling. She closed her eyes and was soon back in her dream, feeling their hands gently but firmly coaxing her body into a tighter form, making her stretch further, spread her legs wider. 

She could hear them talking excitedly in their strange language, gruff male voices tense with anticipation, as she felt them tightly grasping her wrists, their hands pressing her feet down against the rough straw matting. The higher-pitched female voices giggling as their hands slid over her helpless body exploring the unfamiliar curves of her western body and pale skin, stroking her stomach, cupping her small boobs. She pictured herself squirming helplessly as mischievous fingers began to tug at her yoga pants over her hips, ignoring her protests as they explored the exposed flesh beneath.

She was just starting to feel a lovely warm glow between her legs, her breathing quickening, her body wriggling excitedly, when the alarm on her mobile went off. She groaned in frustration as she slid a slender arm from under the duvet in the semi-darkness, fumbling around on her bedside table.

"Damn!" she exclaimed as she clumsily knocked it onto the floor, where it continued to bleep loudly, like a noisy child demanding her attention.

Kimberley leaned over the edge of the bed, eventually locating it and angrily stabbing at the screen to switch it off. She briefly considered burying herself beneath the warm folds of her duvet, but the moment had passed and she knew she had a busy day ahead, working a full day at the office before teaching an evening yoga class. She groaned and rolled out of bed.

--

She had been obsessed with yoga and meditation since she was a student. Something about the minimalism and the repetition seemed to resonate with her. Perhaps she appreciated the simplicity because of her complicated upbringing, moving between several foster families or the confusion over her sexuality in her teenage years. Whatever the reason, something about it worked for her, and teaching three evening sessions, a week was enough to keep her fit in both mind and body. When she'd moved to the big city she'd taken the plunge and had taken a course on teaching yoga, and shortly after had started teaching these small, all-female classes at the local gym.

The space they used doubled as a dance studio, with blonde wood flooring, plain white walls on three sides with large mirrors lining the fourth wall. She watched herself in the large, bright mirrors as she warmed up. She was a slight young woman, with slim hips and sleek A-cup breasts. Her tousled, russet brown hair framed a heart-shaped face with large, blue-grey eyes and small yet plump lips. People often described her as 'boyish' or 'cute'.

She was quite proud of her figure, she hadn't always been this slim; she'd struggled with her weight in her teenage years and she credited yoga with helping her keep so trim. 

Standing up, she smiled and said Namaste as her students filed past in two's and three's, chatting as they unrolled their mats and did some preliminary stretching, some of them rolling their necks or stretching out their hamstrings. It was quite a small intermediate class, maybe a dozen women with ages ranging from around twenty to fifty.

Once everyone had settled, Kimberley lead them through some warm-up stretches, then moved onto some basic positions: the cow pose, Bikram triangle, child pose, easy boat pose. The plow pose brought back memories of her dream, and she hoped nobody noticed her flushed face as she quickly demonstrated it.

As they moved onto more demanding poses, she demonstrated each position carefully herself before moving around her class, offering words of encouragement and advice, helping them replicate her body shape. This was quite an experienced group so she was able to quickly move through them.

Once she was happy with their demonstration of the left triangle pose, she moved onto a new position for the class.

"If you can all watch me for a moment, I'm going to show you the 'Fish Pose with Straight Legs'", she said, sitting on her thin purple mat. "Now you start by sitting upright with your legs straight out in front of you, like this. Remember to always point your toes."

She looked around the room to make sure everyone was paying attention.

"Now you slowly lean backwards, feeling the strain on your abdominal muscles as you place your hands then your forearms flat on the floor behind you," she continued, as she demonstrated. "Then arch your back, feeling your weight on your arms as you let your head roll back till you're looking at the ceiling. Then, if it's comfortable, slowly let it roll back further, till your chin's pointing straight upwards."

"Alright?" she said, as she smoothly got to her feet and flashed her students an encouraging smile. "Now you try."

"That's good, Annie," she said, approaching a slight red-headed young woman. "Make sure you keep your feet pointed."

"That's very good, Veronica, remember to keep your legs straight," she said.

"That's excellent, Stacy, " she said. 

Stacy was her star pupil, someone who always turned up on time and listened attentively. As always, she looked immaculate, her blonde hair scraped back into a neat ponytail, her tight white yoga pants clinging to her long, shapely legs and her powder blue Lycra top stretched over her lithe torso.

"Head just a little further back, and arch your back a little more," she said, crouching next to her, watching Stacy follow her instructions, her chin pointing upwards now, revealing her long, slender neck, her ponytail dangling between her shoulders. As Stacy arched her back more, Kimberley noted the way her full boobs bulged against her tight top, and felt a tiny pang of envy. She couldn't help noticing that her top had ridden up slightly, exposing a sliver of bare stomach and she had to resist a sudden, irrational impulse to run her finger along the taut, toned skin.

There was something inherently graceful and elegant about Stacy. She was sure someone had said that she was a lesbian, which wasn't uncommon in this part of the city. Heidi and Annie were obviously lesbians too, and sometimes turned up to the class holding hands. 

Although she wasn't a lesbian herself, Kimberley sometimes found herself wondering what it would be like. Of course, that didn't mean she was attracted to women herself, she was just curious, just wondered what it would be like. She told herself that it was only natural to think about other women when she was surrounded by so much firm, springy flesh barely concealed under pastel-coloured Lycra. 

The rest of the class passed quickly. Kimberley's mind kept wandering as she took the class through a number of basic positions, her body automatically adopting the familiar shapes. This was her last class of the week, and as she demonstrated the final pose, she suddenly felt a little dejected at the thought of returning home to her empty flat.

"OK, good work everybody, you've all done really well," she said, getting to her feet and forcing a smile. "Our time's up, but I hope I'll see you all next week."

As she rolled up her mat, her students filed past, thanking her for the class until only Stacy remained.

"Thanks for the class, you're a great teacher, I really enjoyed it," Stacy said, grinning as she lingered by the door.

"No problem," Kimberley replied.

"Hey, is everything alright? I just thought you looked a little glum tonight."

"Oh, you know, just boyfriend problems."

"I'm sorry to hear that. Hey, do you want to go for a drink or something?"

"Oh! Well, that's kind, but..."

"I mean, I just thought it might help to talk about it," Stacy said, looking a little disappointed.

Kimberley imagined her dark flat with its cold, empty bed and reconsidered. Perhaps a quick drink wouldn't be a bad idea.

"You know what, that's a good idea. Thanks," she said gratefully.

--

"Well, this is nice," Kimberley said, looking across at Stacy as she ran a hand through her bronze shoulder-length hair, still a little damp from the shower.

They found a small wine bar, just around the corner from the gym. It was quite busy for a Thursday night, but they managed to find space to sit down in a booth in the corner. Kimberley had thought that it would be difficult to talk about her break up with Kevin, but once she started she found the words just spilled out: how everything had been great at first, then the doubts, his 'late nights at the office', the lack of enthusiasm in bed. Stacy listened patiently as she explained how she was sure he was having an affair, and the painful and intense argument they'd had before he finally agreed to move out. With her job and her yoga classes, she simply hadn't found the time to talk to any of her friends about it, and she felt an immense outpouring of relief as Stacy listened, occasionally nodding or making sympathetic noises as she poured out her emotions.

After a while, Kimberley paused, feeling embarrassed that she'd been talking continually, almost without drawing breath.

"So anyway Stacy, how about you? You know we chat every week, but I hardly know a thing about you," she said, taking a sip of her white wine.

"Well, I grew up near Brighton with my sister Casey, who's three years younger. It was a happy childhood, our parents were teachers and I did well at school, we both did. Then I came here to do a degree in business studies at the city university, and just never left. I started selling ladies' underwear on eBay with my first girlfriend, and eventually we opened our first shop on Clarence Road with some money lent by my parents."

"You started your first business with your girlfriend?"

"Yes, when we were both students."

"So have you always been attracted to girls? I mean, was there a time when you dated boys?" Kimberley found herself asking.

Stacy laughed and shook her head: "No, I've always been attracted to women. I never had any doubts."

"What's it like to, you know, date girls? Is it like dating men?" Kimberley blurted out, unable to stop herself.

"What do you mean? What's it like in bed?" Stacy said, flashing her a mischievous grin.

"No! Sorry! I mean, I guess I'm just curious, I see a lot of lesbians in my class and you know..." she said, her voice trailing off as she tried to think of a way out of this conversational dead-end. Just where had she been going with this, exactly?

"So do you often think about lesbians?" Stacy teased as she took a sip of her drink.

"No! Of course not. So, um, your shop's on Clarence Road?" Kimberley asked, eager to change the subject.

"No, we moved a few years back, when my sister joined the business. We're called Honeysuckle Lingerie now, not far from here actually, do you know it?" 

Kimberley had passed it once or twice. It was right in the heart on the gay and lesbian district, and she'd heard a few stories involving women getting more than just lingerie at that store. If what her friends said was true, there was plenty of sexual intrigue and seduction going on there.

"Yes, it's on Victoria Road, right?"

"That's right, you ought to come in some time," Stacy said, her lips curling into a tight smile as her cool grey eyes assessed Kimberley's slim figure.

Kimberley took another sip of her white wine, feeling self-conscious as the woman's gaze appraised her athletic body beneath her faded denim skirt and fitting grey t-shirt.

"Oh, I hear it's a very upmarket boutique. I'm not sure it's for me," she said, feeling her cheeks colour under the woman's piercing eyes.

"Oh I'm sure we've got something you'd like. You've got a lovely tight body. I could just picture you in a lacy body stocking or a cute little teddy," Stacy insisted, and Kimberley watched as she ran a finger along her tall glass. She'd ordered a vodka and tonic, with plenty of ice and there was something very seductive and exciting about the way her fingertip traced swirls in the condensation that had formed on the side of her glass. Kimberley noticed that her glossy pink nail polish matched her fitting, low-cut blouse.

"Well, it's nice of you to say..." Kimberley said, feeling a little giddy and breathless as she watched Stacy shuffle a little closer. They were sitting next to each other in a corner booth, hemmed in by the crowd, and suddenly she could feel the warmth of Stacy's leg against hers.

"I mean, I'd really love to see you try on some of our lingerie," Stacy continued.

"Oh, I'm not sure I'd suit anything too exotic or daring..." Kimberley replied, with a nervous laugh.

"Maybe, but it's good to try different things, right? You're not afraid of trying something new, are you? Not afraid to experiment?" Stacy said, casually resting her hand on Kimberley's leg as she leaned closer.

"Oh, I mean, I'm not really sure," Kimberley dithered, noting how hot it suddenly seemed, her mind racing as she felt Stacy's hand squeezing her thigh through the faded denim of her skirt, and wondering if they were still talking about underwear.

"Damn!" Stacy exclaimed, suddenly glancing past her towards the bar.

"What?" 

"Those two men at the bar have been staring at us since we came in, and it looks like they're coming over," Stacy explained, glancing to Kimberley's right.

"Oh God, really?" she said, instinctively twisting her head around, and watching as they nonchalantly strolled over. They were quite good-looking, she supposed, tall and wearing dark suits, they looked like businessmen having a drink before heading home.

"Hey, can we buy you ladies a drink?" the taller one, with the short, dark hair and designer stubble asked as he flashed them a toothy smile.

"Oh no, but thanks anyway!" Kimberley said, aware of how strained and high-pitched her voice was.

"Are you sure?" he insisted.

"No, no, really we're fine," she replied.

"I mean, we'd be happy to keep you lovely ladies company," he said, eyeing the empty space that Stacy had vacated.

As Kimberley hesitated, unsure of what to say, Stacy squeezed her leg beneath the table. Kimberley froze as the blonde leaned across and kissed her on the cheek, then on the lips. It all seemed to happen in slow-motion, as she felt Stacy's soft lips gently pressing against hers and felt the pressure of her hand against her warm thigh. Time seemed to stand still as Kimberley closed her eyes, the hum of the bar becoming distant as she found herself sharing a leisurely kiss.

"We're together," Stacy said, finally ending the kiss and twisting around to flash a wicked smile at the men. They too were frozen, unsure of how to react.

"Oh, well, sorry, we didn't realise, no offence," the shorter one stammered, holding up his hands as they backed away as if Stacy had pulled a gun.

Kimberley sat quietly, watching them retreat to the safety of the bar as she sorted through a number of emotions: shock and surprise, of course, followed quickly by anger and embarrassment, then another more unexpected emotion that she pushed to the back of her mind, promising herself she'd take it out and examine it more closely later.

She glanced around the bar, expecting everyone to be staring at them, but the other customers carried on drinking and talking as if they hadn't noticed. 

"Well, that got rid of them!" Stacy said, grinning and showing her flawlessly white teeth, obviously enjoying the men's discomfort.

"What the hell was that?" Kimberley hissed sotto voce, feeling her cheeks burning bright red as she watched the men retreat to the safety of the bar.

"Sorry about that, they just didn't seem the types to take 'no' for an answer. Didn't you like it? It felt like you liked it," Stacy said, coolly sipping at her vodka and tonic.

"I mean, did you really have to, I mean it's not that I didn't..." Kimberley found herself stammering as she chanced a look over at the bar, and saw the shorter man lean close to his friend and say something that made him laugh.

"You're right, I didn't have to, but I wanted to. I'd been thinking about it for a while. Didn't you like it?" Stacy repeated, her eyes locking with Kimberley's, almost daring her to deny it.

"Well, I mean... that's not the point, is it?" Kimberley said, neatly dodging the question, feeling Stacy's piercing grey eyes examining her face, seeing right through her half-hearted indignation.

"Isn't it?" she asked, leaning forward again.

"Listen, I really should be going, I've got work tomorrow," Kimberley said, quickly finishing her wine.

"Are you sure?"

"Yes, really, I mean thanks for listening, but I really should go."

"Listen, I live just down the road. Why don't you come back to my flat for a nightcap?" Stacy asked.

"No that's kind, but I really should be going, thanks for the drink though," Kimberley said, still feeling flustered as she grabbed her handbag and rushed out into the cool night air, only just registering the slightly puzzled look on Stacy's face.

--

Kimberley tossed and turned, unable to get to sleep. Her mind kept going over what had happened earlier. She hadn't imagined that, had she? Stacy had definitely kissed her in the middle of that crowded bar. And not just a peck on the cheek either, the kind that friends might share. It had been a full-on, passionate kiss that left no room for interpretation. That had definitely happened. She kept going over what had happened to make sure she hadn't invited that kind of attention. But whenever she replayed the evening in her mind it was the same story: Stacy had said those two men were coming over, she'd tried to make some excuse to let them down lightly, then suddenly the blonde was lunging forward and kissing her full on the lips. 
