 It had been about a year since Shell and Donna met online on the plentyoffish website and became friends. The two talked with one another on MSN Instant Messenger often for the longest time, and they also connected on what might be called "phone dates."

Shell's and Donna's relationship developed to the point that they finally hooked up with one another. On a Sunday Shell drove to London where Donna lived and picked her up to go out for lunch at Kelsey's Restaurant. After lunch they drove down to the Thames River to go for a walk in the park and to sit down on a bench to watch the ducks swim lazily and the people who walked by or rollerbladed. They remained until it was getting late, so Shell drove Donna to her parents' house and went home.

Shell and Donna continued keeping in touch with one another either via MSN IM or by phone. She would call Donna and Donna would call Shell. To say the least, Donna made a big impression on Shell. So much so, she would like to get to know Donna even more than they did now.

Shell was drawn to Donna's beauty who has sandy brown wavy hair. 

In truth Shell fell really hard for Donna and hoped they could become more intimate in their relationship. The one drawback was that Donna has two roommates, depriving them of any privacy so that they could be alone.

After a few weeks of not seeing one another but keeping in touch by IM or phone dates, Shell and Donna agreed to meet for dinner and a movie. 

Kelsey's was Shell's and Donna's restaurant of choice since that was the one they went to when they first met for lunch. It was a relaxing dinner; however, Shell felt butterflies from having Donna sitting across the table from her while her mind was racing with sensual thoughts of the two of them together, sensual thoughts that Shell had been having on a daily basis ever since she and Donna had met. Shell wished she knew what was going through Donna's head as they talked about this and that during dinner. Was she, too, feeling butterflies and thinking about sensual things? Shell hoped she was. When the meal was over and the bill paid, Shell got up, walked around to where Donna was sitting, helped her out of her chair, and then led the way out of the restaurant. It was an unexpectedly warm night, and there was a full moon showing herself clear against the ebon sky dotted with myriads of stars.

Shell walked around to the passenger side of the car and opened the door for Donna, closing it once she was seated. She then walked around and got into the car herself. It was a short drive to the movie theatre, and soon Donna and Shell were seated in the back so they could have some privacy and not be surrounded by other moviegoers.

Shell let Donna go first, and the two sat in the middle of the last row of seats. It wasn't crowded, so they had the row to themselves. 

While watching the movie Shell was distracted by the very presence of Donna sitting beside her. Her senses and mind were more on Donna than on the movie so enamored of her was she, and she wondered what thoughts were going through Donna's mind.

Shell finally reached out and touched Donna. She ran her fingertips along Donna's arm and felt the warmth of her flesh and thrilled to the touch. Donna didn't say anything and didn't pull her arm away from Shell's caresses. In fact, Shell felt goose flesh rise on Donna's arm, and this simple reaction excited Shell so much she felt her womanhood tingle with sexual arousal as her natural lubricant made her wet.

Looking sideways at Donna, Shell saw her breasts rise and fall with each inhalation and exhalation, making her more aroused. Shell then moved her leg and rubbed it against Donna's thigh and breathed deeply in anticipation of what she was about to do, all the while Donna watched the movie, at least giving the pretext that she was.

Donna was wearing a loose-fitting skirt that went past her knees, and in the dim light of the theatre Shell could see her bare legs and imagined in her mind what lay between Donna's lovely legs, her womanhood.

Shell slid her hand down Donna's forearm and, taking a deep breath, she transferred it onto Donna's leg just above her knee.

Donna sighed at Shell's touch and took a side-glance at her, reacting within herself to Shell's deliberate touch of her hand on her leg. She never had a woman touch her in this way, but for the first time, feeling Shell's hand on her leg, excited her, and she sighed softly.

Since there was no one around them, Shell became emboldened and slowly slid her hand up along Donna's naked thigh, rotating her hand so that her fingers caressed her inner thighs. Shell waited for Donna to respond by word or by removing her hand off her leg, but Donna did neither. She just sat there as if totally enthralled with the movie.

Encouraged by this Shell moved her hand up Donna's thigh, sliding her skirt as she did so. Without thinking, but wanting, Donna spread her legs to give access to Shell's hand that eventually touched Donna's crotch, and when she made contact, Shell felt that Donna was wet between her legs, she having been sexually aroused by Shell's delicate touch on her arm and leg.

Without either saying a word, Shell slid her fingers over Donna's Mons, eventually pressing her fingers between her labia, and her touch informed her that Donna's pussy was shaved. It was so smooth to her touch even on Donna's panties.

Shell's feeling Donna up caused her to sigh deeply as she slid forward in her seat, giving easier access to her pussy to which Shell took deliberate advantage.

"Does that feel good, Donna?" Shell whispered in hushed tones as she leaned her head towards her.

"Um hum," Donna sighed softly, only this time she turned her head and looked into Shell's lust filled gaze.

"Oh, Donna, I want you so badly. I've wanted you ever since we first met. I think about you so very often and imagined what you would look like naked and how you would feel," Shell spoke softly in carnal tones of wanton pleasure.

"Would you like to leave and go back to my place?" asked Donna. "Both of my roommates are gone for the weekend so we would have the place all to ourselves.

With her heart pounding hard in her chest, Shell said, "Yes, I'd love to, Donna. I've wanted this for some time now since we've met."

Smiling, Donna reached down and placed her hand on top of Shell's and pressed it harder against her pussy and said, "Well, then, let's go. The movie is not all that great, and I must admit you have me all hot and bothered with your soft caresses."

Shell removed her hand from in between Donna's legs and took her by the hand, saying, "Let's go then."

So, hand-in-hand Shell and Donna left the theatre, got into her car, and drove to Donna's apartment.

After Donna had unlocked the door, opened it, and they went inside, closing the door behind them, Shell gently pressed Donna against the door and brought her lips down onto Donna's in a sweet, tender kiss, feeling the soft wetness of her lips. It was a passionate kiss that sent sensual sensations throughout both their bodies, exciting their erogenous zones so much that each trembled with anticipation with what they were about to do: make love.

When they broke the kiss, Donna said, "Let's go into my bedroom where we can be more comfortable, Shell."

"Sounds good to me, Donna. I want you so badly," Shell moaned with wanton passion.

So, Donna took Shell's hand and led her to her bedroom, going over to her bed. Shell was trembling inside with anticipation of what was to come. Her wish having come true: Sharing in lesbian love with all its subtle nuances and pleasure.

"Let me undress you, Donna," Shell asked softly. "I want to take it slowly since we have the whole night.

"All right, Shell. I've never done this before, and I must admit beyond my curiosity of what it will be like to make love with another woman, I am a wee bit nervous," said Donna.

"Not to worry, Love. Shell will lead you into the joys of lesbian love."

Donna smiled innocently, knowing that this would be a first for her, and yet, she wanted what was to happen, especially with Shell.

Shell reached out and stroked the side of Donna's lovely face, ran her fingers through her brown, wavy hair, and slid her hand down the side of her neck until her fingers were on the top button of Donna's blouse right where her cleavage began separating her lovely breasts.

Slowly Shell unbuttoned Donna's blouse until it was completely open, and she took it off her and dropped it onto the bed. Shell then moved her hands down to Donna's skirt and removed it, having Donna raise one leg and then the other until she held it in her hand but which she dropped down on top of Donna's blouse.

Now Donna stood before Shell in just her bra and panties, Donna having already slipped her feet out of her sandals.

"My, Donna, your are lovely. You're everything I've dreamed you would be ever since we first met," Shell said in loving tones.

Donna smiled and said, "I'm glad you like what you see, Shell."

"Like! Like is such a weak word for what I see and for what I'm now feeling," Shell replied.

Her hands shaking almost perceptively, Shell reached out and slid Donna's bra straps from her shoulder.

"Turn around so I can unsnapped you," Shell said in a half-whisper.

Donna did as instructed, and Shell managed to unsnap the hooks holding Donna's bra that she took off and dropped it, too, onto her blouse and skirt. Donna's back was smooth and flawless, and Shell reached around Donna, pressing her body against her, and cupped her ample breasts in her hands.

Shell thrilled to the touch of her full breasts and squeezed them gently, feeling her nipples rise beneath the palms of her hands as they became hard and erect at Shell's touch. Inspired by the touch of Donna's breasts, Shell bent her head forward and kissed the right side of her neck. 

"I have been so hot and horny for you all evening, Donna," Shell whispered softly into her ear as she worked her mouth from her ear to the base of her neck where it meets her shoulder.

Kissing Donna there, Shell tweaked her nipples between her thumbs and forefingers, feeling their turgidity. She also ran circles around her areolas with her fingertips and felt goose flesh rising around the edges.

Shell bit Donna's right shoulder very gently and seductively as she moved her hands away from her breasts and down her sides until she past her waist and had her hands on her hips at the top of her panties.

She slipped her fingers beneath Donna's panties and slowly removed them, kneeling down as she lowered them over her hips, down her well-developed thighs and calves, and off her feet, kissing the small of her back where her ass cheeks meet at the coccyx of her vertebrate. 

While still kissing this sweet spot, Shell moved her hand around to Donna's abdomen and caressed it as she moved her hands down from her bellybutton to her smoothly shaved Mons. Shell caressed and massaged Donna's Mons, feeling her shaft and clit that was now extended beyond its protective hood, and down between her labia.

Shell was in sexual heaven at the touch and caressing of Donna's pussy.

Finally, Shell stood up, turning Donna before her as she did, exposing her in all her feminine charms.

Shell's mouth salivated at the sight of Donna's lovely, well-built body that was before her as naked as the day she was born.

"Oh, my, Donna, you are so beautiful. I want you so badly," Shell said. "Now sit down on the side of your bed and I'll get out of my clothes.

Donna sat down, leaning backwards while resting on her forearms as she watched Shell remove her clothes until she stood naked before her, her ample body exposed to Donna who would soon become her lover.

Shell had large, ample breasts with large, pink areolas, and large nipples. Her hips complimented her breasts. Her brown hair was cut short and framed her round face with her brown eyes and full lips.

"Do I please you, Donna?" asked Shell excitedly, hoping that Donna liked what she saw.

"Oh, yes, Shell. I like what I see."

Shell smiled and said, "I'm glad because I'm going to make love to you until we are sexually satisfied and exhausted. I'm glad your roommates are gone for the weekend so we can take our time."

Having said that, Shell walked over and stood in front of Donna, still admiring her feminine charms. She already could feel how wet she was between her legs, and her nipples stood out taut and hard already from sexual arousal.

"Now, lie on your back and let me have my way with you," Shell said salaciously.

"All right, Shell. You're the teacher and I'm the student," Donna said coyly not sure what Shell had in mind.

Shell got up on the bed and straddled Donna's body, her ass in line with Donna's womanhood as if she were going to sit on her, but Shell leaned forward and braced herself above Donna with outstretched arms next to her head. Shell then bent forward until she brought her face down onto Donna's and they kissed, each using her tongue to explore the recesses of the mouth of the other, ending their kiss in the French style with their tongues darting back into their mouths.

Having kissed, Shell began a slow, tantalizing trail down Donna's body, licking, kissing, and sucking her way down her neck, on both of her shoulders, and bringing up each hand in turn to her mouth, kissing the palms of Donna's hands and sucking on all of her fingers. She also kissed the soft inside of Donna's elbows and kissed and licked her underarms, causing chills of sexual reaction to this novice way of making love to her.

While doing so, Shell brought her hands down onto Donna's breasts and massaged them, kneading them with her hands, and tweaking her hard nipples between her thumbs and forefingers, causing Donna to moan with erotic pleasure.

This was all virgin territory for Donna, but she loved the gentleness with which Shell was making love. With Donna being thus aroused, Shell moved her head onto her breasts so she could lick, suck, and nibble on and around her nipples.

"Oh, my, Shell, that feels wonderful," sighed Donna through parted lips.

Shell gave no verbal answer but thought to herself, if she enjoys my sucking her nipples, wait until I get to her pussy. As she harboured these thoughts, Shell moved from Donna's breasts, licking between her cleavage, and down the centre of her torso, sliding her hands down her sides as she went while lowering herself to the floor in a kneeling position.

Now, once Shell reached her abdomen, she kissed her bellybutton and dipped her wet tongue into it, licking it until she had a small pool of her saliva inside as she lifted her head upward.

By now Shell had moved her hands onto Donna's hips which made moving her face down onto her Mons easy. Once on her Mons Shell kissed and licked her all over, enjoying the velvety smoothness of her shaved pussy, and as her tongue came to Donna's hard, erect clit, Shell could smell the fragrance of her youthful womanhood.

With the tip of her tongue Shell flicked it over Donna's clit, first going up and down and then back and forth. She also circled Donna's clit and the flesh, blood-engorged bottom of her shaft that continued the head/glans of her clit up and over her pubic bone where it turned downward towards her vagina, bifurcating into two points that vibrate like the rattle on a rattle snake during orgasm.

Shell was in sexual heaven, her mouth full of Donna's vibrating clit.

"Oh, my, Shell, what you are doing to me with your tongue. I've never felt so sexually aroused and excited as I am now," moaned Donna.

Shell stopped sucking on Donna's clit just enough to tell her, "This is only the beginning, Love. Only the beginning. There's more. Much more."

Shell then went back to sucking on Donna's clit, sucking it deeply into her mouth along with the puffy beginning of her shaft. By now Donna's clit, her love bud, her precious pearl was throbbing and vibrating with sexual energy, her brain having sent messages to stimulate the secretion of chemicals that went to her erogenous zones to stimulate and that would help her achieve orgasm.

While still sucking on Donna's clit, Shell moved her right hand off her left hip and brought it down to her vaginal slit that was by now dripping wet with her natural lube from her Bartholin glands.

Shell felt around Donna's vagina, coating her fingers with her pussy cream. Once having done that, Shell took her first two fingers and placed them at the entrance of Donna's vagina, slowly then inserting them into her vaginal canal. Once there Shell easily inserted her fingers into Donna, rubbing past her rows of soft, fleshy ridges and then a few inches more touching with the pads of her fingertips on the soft, spongy area in which Donna's G-Spot was located.

Shell could feel the soft top of Donna's vaginal sheath and sensed the filling up of Para urethral fluid that accumulates when a woman becomes sexually aroused. The four Para urethral tubes surround the urethra that ends within a woman's pussy just above her vagina. 

Once Shell's fingers were securely inside Donna's vagina, she began to finger-fuck her, going in and out and out and in, in rhythmic fashion, causing sexual excitement to continue building within Donna's body but now concentrating on sucking her clit.

"Oh, my gawd, Shell. I never knew it could be so fantastically wonderful," Donna groaned with unadulterated pleasure.

The only answer Shell gave to Donna was to suck harder and more deeply on her clit, flicking her tongue all over it, and increasing her thrusting in and out of Donna's vaginal sheath.

Shell was by now helping Donna ride the wild throes of her sexual arousal, and Donna felt the beginning of her orgasm from deep within her woman's body and working its way to the vortex of her erotic centre: her clit, the pinnacle of sexual arousal.

Now was the time. Donna felt waves of sexual energy moving throughout her body as she was on the brink of her first orgasm with a woman.

"Oh, yesssssssssss, yessssssssss, Shell, eat me! Suck my clit! Finger my pussy! I am so close to orgasm," hissed Donna through parted lips as she strained to feel the fullness of her oncoming orgasm.

So intent was she, Donna automatically reached down with her hands and placed them on top of Shell's head and pushed down on it while at the same time thrusting her hips off the mattress to make the lingual-clitoral contact complete. She began to buck her hips up and down over Shell's face, riding it like a hobbyhorse.

"Oh, my, yesssssss. Now, Shell! I'm going to cum!" shouted Donna with abandon.

Hearing this Shell removed her mouth off Donna's super-vibrating clit with an auditory pop, and ducked her head down her pussy until her mouth formed the "O" over her pee hole and vaginal slit from which she had removed her two fingers.

At the same time Donna pressed down harder on the back of Shell's head pushing her face into her pussy, and when her orgasm began, she snapped her legs together against Shell's face, thus trapping it between her legs.

"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh, myyyyyyyyyyyyy, gawddddddddddddddddd!" cried out Donna. "You're going to make me cum, Shell. Make me cum!" 

With her sexually agonizing cry of ecstasy, Donna let loose and ejaculated directly into Shell's open mouth, filling it full. When a second shot followed the first, all Shell could do was swallow Donna's love juice directly down her throat, relaxing it and rhythmically breathing through her nose. Donna ejaculated four times into Shell's waiting and willing mouth until she was drained both of her ejaculate/love juice and her pussy cream which Shell enjoyed immensely.

In time as Donna worked to regain her breathing and help control her heartbeat and the throbbing in her temples, she released Shell's head by spreading her legs enough so that Shell could raise her head up and gulp for air, love juice dripping off her chin and onto her naked breasts.
