 "Jose."

I just looked at her over the rim of my glass, taking sip after sip until I finally set it down. "Like there's two Joes, and ... that's your name?"

She pursed her lips at my smile, eventually giving in to the grin that threatened to take over her expression. "No. Like ... Jose. Short for Joseph."

I chuckled into my drink, finally setting it down on the bar to make a face at her. "More like Josephine."

I would have thought she'd be bothered by my taunting, but instead she sat back and scanned her eyes over my body, picking up her own drink and shooting half of it down. "... Whatever. So. What's your name, Princess?"

I laughed again and finished off my drink. "Princess ...? Where did that come from?"

"I think it's only fair," she smiled. She was so confident, and strong and cocky. I had always hated cocky, and I hated that I liked it on her. How dare she allure me like she did.

"I'm not ever telling you my name," I laughed, sneaking her drink to chase it down with mine. It was so much fun stealing it from her, because I knew she would let me. It was so playful there between us, and the fun was infectious through all parts of my body. "... Why don't you guess?"

"Oh no," she moaned, locking eyes with me. "I will not be some fucking cliché. You'll tell me that name of yours, one way or another."

I just stared at her, sitting up tall in my chair and giving her a look that said I could be more stubborn than anyone she'd ever known. I think it excited her to see me stand my ground - had other women never done that around her? I started to wonder. I mean, she did make me weak in the knees, but I needed to restrain myself at least a little. After all, the chase is fun.

"Alright," she nodded at last, leaning in. "Pussy Bitch it is." She was laughing, but my jaw dropped open, turning around to make sure that no one else had heard.

"Are you crazy?!" I whispered, grabbing her knee as I nearly tumbled onto her. Our faces were so close it seemed our lips would inevitably touch, but we were just suspended there in wait. For what, I don't know.

As is seemingly required in certain electric moments, we were interrupted. The bartender was coming back to our end of the bar. "Anything else for you ladies?"

She broke from her stare, and smiled at him. "Nothing for me. Are you heading out too, Mrs ... Bitch, right? Hell of a last name!"

I felt so humiliated, but I could only try to bite my tongue, to keep from laughing.

The bartender lifted a brow as I covered my face, and Jose slammed her hand down on the counter. "Goodnight, Russ."

He laughed and walked off as I whacked Jose in the arm. "What the fuck were you thinking?!"

"You know ... you're not as drunk as I thought you'd be."

"YOU just thought you could drink me under the table," I teased, slipping off my stool with a little imbalance. She tried to catch my hand, but I quickly crossed my arms and shot her a look.

She was up off her chair and whispering into my ear before I knew it: "I bet that pussy of yours tastes sweet ..."

A warm tingle surged through me as I stepped up close to her. "You'll never know ... what she tastes like," I smirked, tucking my clutch under my arm. "Never ever ... ever ... ever ..."

"Just rubbing it in," she mumbled, following close behind me as I strutted out of the place.

When we were outside, she lit a cigarette, and leaned back against the building. Boy was she ever a sight for sore eyes. Still, I did my best to ignore her, standing at the curb. I had a new, more confident way about myself around women ever since I'd understood my own interest. I knew she could feel that, and that made me feel even better. Waving my hand up as a cab drove past, I tried to flag it down, but it was already occupied.

"Nice going, Pussy."

I wanted to tell her shut it, but I had a grin that I simply couldn't shake as I looked back to her. I wanted to tear my eyes away, but there she was looking fine and acting like she owned the place. It worked for her. She had an animalistic lust that drew me in.

"You know ... you do look different."

I flipped my long blond hair over my shoulder, and fished for the lip gloss in my clutch. "Fucking right I do."

"And a potty mouth ... We'll have to fix that."

"We'll have to fix that?!" I laughed. "Who is WE?"

"Me and my hands ..." she grinned, exhaling smoke into the dark night air. "We can be very persuasive ..."

I tried not to think about her hands on me, or what she wanted to do to me. I had to wonder what she did want to do. And when enough silence had passed, I asked her. She'd just finished her cigarette, and threw it to the ground to smother it with the sole of her shoe.

"Not sure we should discuss that here ..." she smiled, approaching.

I watched her very carefully as she sauntered over to me and slipped her right hand up the side of my leg ... up, up, until her hand was on my hip. We were standing by the curb, and I did nothing to stop her as her hand drifted onto my hip, under my dress.

"Feels lacy," she whispered, feeling the fabric waist of my panties. "I've been wanting to ask you what was under here. You have anything else on under that dress?"

My breathing was a little erratic, but I managed to cling to some strength. What was happening to me, I wondered. And how was she doing this so easily? Why wasn't I moving or swatting her hand away? Instead, I actually answered her. "... A ... a bra." But then I realized that this dress had been too tight for a bra, and I panicked. "I mean! ... I mean ... shit."

"You know why I sent you off the last time around, don't you?" she grinned, getting so close to me and pulling me in. Our eyes locked and I stared at her. "You weren't ... well, you thought you were teasing ME ... when really it was me teasing YOU ... you see?"

I hated the smell of cigarettes, but I didn't even notice it as her agile fingers traced back down my thigh. I just kept staring at her when she flagged a cab down with her other hand, and lured me into it. I didn't know how to categorize her hold on me.

"Where ... where're we going?" I mumbled, sitting back against the seat just to have her slip her hand between my legs as though it were a casual act.

I didn't want to say anything so the cab driver wouldn't be aware, but I thought of slapping her hand away. Still, when her fingers massaged into my panties, all I could do was moan. I was so weak for her touch. She could touch me in a way that no one else ever had.

As she offered her address to the man, he kept to himself with his eyes on the road, but a part of me was hoping he'd see. The blush struck into my cheeks as she looked down at me again, and her grin took up the space around us.

"As I was saying ... things are a little different this time around."

I tried to act as though my self control wasn't hopelessly shattered with the gentle pet of her fingers, but she knew it was. I smiled because I couldn't keep up my act any longer, and she knew I would do anything she wanted. She could feel that I would have let her fuck me right there, in the cab.

I was embarrassed all over again as I tried pinning my knees together - physically reacting to all of her teasing. I was blushing red as my desire pooled generously from inside of me. I held my breath, hoping that would keep my panties dry by some miracle, but I had no such luck. Not only were they wetted, but as I shifted, I looked incredibly awkward. Jose chuckled at my mannerisms, and sat back with me to slip her hand down between my legs.

She scoffed with the cheekiest smirk as she felt my reaction. Staring at me.

"Are ... we almost there?" I asked, giving away my desperation for her to push her way inside of me. I was more than ready. I was shamelessly ready.

"Five more minutes," she whispered, turning to breathe into my ear.

My eyes rolled back as I sat properly in the seat, feeling her touch me through my wet panties. Her fingers fumbled clumsily at the fabric, knowing exactly how it affected me. She knew very well what she was doing. She was teasing me by pretending she had no idea.

She continued teasing me until the cab driver slowed to a stop, and Jose handed him cash with her free hand, finally pulling the other from between my legs. She left him a small tip, and smiled over to me: "How much is it gonna cost me?"

I should have been insulted, I'm sure, to have it insinuated that I was a sex worker, but I was too far gone to find offence in her teasing. I simply shuffled out the same cab door, taking her hand as it was offered to me. The number came out spontaneously, as a sort of tease in return.

"Five thousand dollars."

She laughed and shut the door behind me, looking me over again even as she was pretending at disinterest. Like she didn't need to have me just as badly as I needed her to have me.

"Pretty steep," she snickered, running her hand down from its charming place on my lower back to a more place on my rear. "I expect an awful lot for five thousand dollars ..."

Usually, that would have caused me some sort of insecurity or self conscious trouble, but I was too worked up to feel anything but confident. I knew what I wanted, and I made my quick way to the entrance of her apartment.

"Remember where it is, I see," she teased, jogging up the steps behind me, and ushering me inside.

I think she was surprised at my impatience and excitement to simply begin. Even as we entered her apartment suite, she seemed happily flustered with my wanton, breathy commands: "Kiss me ... kiss me right here."

I had my back to the door, and she leaned in to lick her tongue from the base of my neck to just behind my ear.

"Yes ..."

"Oh, if you think you're calling the shots tonight ..." she moaned, impatient herself. "You ... are sorely ... mistaken."

"Sore," I repeated, grabbing at the collar of her shirt with both hands. It was a gesture that had her laughing into my ear. Biting it.

"I wouldn't be begging for sore if I were you." But it sounded like a question: are you game for 'sore'?

"Just don't stop," I instructed, just as quietly as I was certain.

"I bet you wanna make love," she breathed, again into my ear. "I bet you want it nice and slow ..."

She was leading me backward towards something, but I didn't care what it was. I wrapped my hand around her wrist, and guided it down, between my thighs, even as we moved.

"Nice and tender," she smiled, leading me to her bedroom with great ease. She had a subtle strength about her that gave her the capacity to guide me, even as lost with desire as I was. A part of me wondered how many women she seduced just as easily, but a larger part of me ignored the question altogether. I just needed her then, regardless of its implications. I was senseless and illogical. I was in heat.

"Fuck me," I pleaded breathlessly, sitting back on the bed, and lying on my back as she followed me onto her comforter.

"Nice and slow," she whispered, trying to keep her tone as teasing as possible while her control was slipping just as mine had so long ago. "I hear you ..."

"No, fuck me," I squirmed, whimpering when she pinned my wrists there. I think my trembling plea was what really set her off, because as soon as I'd done it, her teasing had been silenced. In place of my constant humiliation was a real need as she roughly pulled my panties down my legs, and tossed them behind her, to the floor. She rushed my dress up my thighs, and greedily buried her face between my thighs. I hadn't counted on such quick pleasure, but I arched and clawed at her sheets as she spread me open to taste what she wanted. I don't think she planned on allowing me so much pleasure so quickly either, but I also think she couldn't help herself. She, too, was crumbling.

I was wetting a spot on her bed by the time she could steel herself to pull away from me, wiping her mouth with the back of her hand to look down at me.

"... Not gonna please you so fast," she panted at last, obviously shaken with her own true need to have me. She breathed evenly for a moment as my eyes opened and closed of their own accord. My entire body was trembling. I thought I was shivering from the cold after such exaggerated tingles shook through me, but as she teased my opening with the tip of her finger, I knew it was her touch. Again, I was a quivering mess.

"Not ... I'm not doing this ... on purpose," I stuttered with humiliation, wet and panting with no control whatsoever, and no end in sight. "I ... I really-"

Her left hand quickly covered my mouth as she leaned over me so closely that her chest pressed to mine. "I know ... don't you think I know a horny little bitch when I see one?"

I moaned despite my greater efforts, and she smiled. I thought she would laugh, but when I opened my eyes again, it was an affectionate expression. That surprised me most of all, but she straightened it as quickly as she could manage.

She was regaining a sense of her more dominant persona, but I was still a squirming, pleading, lustful slave to whatever she wanted from me. It made me feel weak, and yet entirely free. I would do what she wanted. She would please me how I needed it. I would be good, and she would be bad. I could feel it in the way she toyed with me and harassed me, even for doing exactly as she said.

"Open ..." It was a common order she whispered to me. Open my eyes, open my mouth, open my legs. She was simply toying with me, but even as I obeyed every command, she would smile or laugh at my willingness. At how wet I had become. At how I enjoyed her teasing, too.

"Three strokes and you're done," she chuckled at last, settling her body over mine again. Satisfied that although she had kept from properly touching me, she'd been teasing me for the better part of an hour. "I'd say about three strokes should do it."

"Two," I smiled in return, wanting to cry at the build-up inside of me. I was ready to burst on command, it seemed. Anything she would have done could have set me off. I remember wishing she would lean a little closer so her shirt could create some small amount of friction over my clit. I had never been so desperate for touch in my entire life.

"Ooh, is that so?" she moaned, finding pleasure in my suffering, I knew. She wanted to torment me, and she had effectively done just that. I could tell she wasn't far from orgasm herself, writhing on top of me in that slow and knowing way. "And I'd say you couldn't spread your legs any further if you tried ..."

My usual instinctive response to such a taunting comment would have been to close my legs, but I was so lost with desire that I pulled my knees up to try and further open myself to her.

She bit her bottom lip in return, pinning my wrists again. Breathing onto my lips.

"Tell me you're my bitch," she exhaled raggedly, repositioning my hands above my head so she could hold them with only one of hers.

"I'm ... yes ... I'm your b-bitch ..." I answered, my breath catching in the back of my throat.

"Mmm ... b-bitch?" she mocked enticingly, grinding herself down onto me as I growled with satisfaction."One hot bitch I have here ... don't I?"

All I could do was moan again as she moved on top of me. The seam of her jeans offering friction and an astute reminder of the fact that this woman - as a stranger - could work me up so easily.

"And how many fingers does this pussy want?" she whispered down into my ear, sending me into a dreamy fog of need all over again.

"Please please ..." I begged as she licked and sucked at my neck, rendering me useless by way of conversation. "I ... I want two ..." I somehow managed, tilting my face so as to allow more room for her roaming tongue which found its intrusive way into my ear. Warm and wet and seeking out a surprising erogenous zone. I growled with excitement, and finally, she pulled back.

"Three fingers you said? Or four?"

I had to laugh then, for all the teasing and toying she was giving me. I was so ridiculously aroused it was all I could do not to reach complete insanity.

She enjoyed the nature of my laugh. When I looked up at her again, I could see that, but I didn't dare mention it. I simply corrected her fervent teasing. "I ... I said two." I knew that telling her I was tight would only subject me to more torment, and I needed release, so I left it at that.

"We'll just see how much this pussy can take," she murmured, releasing her tongue onto my stomach as if she were eating me out, and it tickled. As I laughed instinctively, she pushed two fingers inside of me and held them there while I gasped with surprise. The fullness I felt then was coupled just as quickly with her thumb mercilessly rubbing over my clit until I growled my way to a powerful climax. All in the span of one large gasp, she had taken me, held me in a feeling of gratification, and released me all at once. I was shocked and suddenly embarrassed with a shy smile to realize what I had allowed her to do and say to me just moments ago.

As her fingers left me, I did all I could to squander the laughter willing to escape. Before I could speak or attempt to explain my need, she pulled me onto my stomach, and straddled my knees.

She pulled my hair from my neck, and leaned over me that way - making me feel the exposure she certainly pursued.

"Just don't show me that ass of yours ..." she threatened with that smile to her voice. "Or I'll wanna take it."

With that, she pulled up my hips so that my face and chest were pressed to the mattress with my hips and backside jutting out toward her. And with her previous statement, I tried to keep myself tense so as not to open myself up to her. I was amazed at the reaction it was giving me. Did I want her to take me that way? I was certain she could tell by my reaction that I'd never been touched that way before. But I was interested.

She got up onto her knees, still keeping me pinned in place as her wetted fingers started teasing my pussy again, and I mumbled nonsense with the feeling. I wanted her to push inside of me over and over until I couldn't take it anymore. I wanted so much.

"Ooh, are you ready?" she teased, obviously watching my body relax to her touch. And damn her, I wanted it all, but all I could was laugh.

"No," I insisted, catching her eye and seeing that she didn't really mean to touch me like that. Not so soon. I could see that she would make me work for something that piqued my curiosity.

"Keep nice and tense then," she moaned instructively, keeping one hand on my lower back while the other continued teasing my wet, swollen pussy. "Wouldn't want me to get any ideas ..."

"Then t ... t-turn me around," I panted humorously, squirming even as I knew she was enjoying the tease just as much as the view. Her stare was satiating me. I knew it wouldn't be much longer if she just added a little friction.

"And where would be the fun in that?" she hissed, getting off on the sight I made there, I'm sure. My virgin ass was staring back at her, tempting her. My pussy was dripping onto her fingers, waiting to be fed. "Nice, tight pussy ... we're gonna give 'er three ..."

I gasped at first, writhing and twisting to accommodate the three fingers she so deliciously wetted with my excitement. It felt so thick to have her take me that way, with my legs pinned closed, but it was so incredible that all I could do was take them. I didn't even want to play at denying the feeling - it was too wonderful.

"Keep that ass nice and tight or I'm gonna play with it," she taunted again, and her words pounded away at my control. God help me, all I could think about were those three fingers forcing their way into my ass, and I thought I would come at the thought. With her other hand, she reached around my hip to toy with my clit, all three of her fingers inside of me already, up to the second knuckle.
