 Jenna had slept late and was planning a leisuredly Saturday morning after a disappointing night. She had hoped to hook up on Friday, but her plans had fallen through. Now she was trying to forget her residual horniness by cooking a big breakfast, getting some exercise and then settling into a good romance novel.

Checking the refrigerator, she saw she was missing some ingredients. With the supermarket nearby, Jenna decided on a quick run to the store. She wiggle out of her nightgown, drew her hair into a ponytail and pulled a short cotton sundress over her head. Since it would only take a few minutes, Jenna decided to be risqué and not bother with a bra or panties. Besides, a naughty little flaunt might burn off some of her excess sexual energy. She grabbed her purse, slipped on some sandals and headed out the door. 

The light, flower-design dress swirled around her thighs as she entered the store. She started by getting some bacon, half-and-half, and fresh muffins. In the produce aisle, Jenna grabbed a bunch of bananas that looked ripe and a green pepper. Without a basket, she balanced everything in her arms. As she reached for some fresh herbs and seasoning spices, a few things began to slip out of her grasp. Trying to catch them, Jenna bent over at the waist. She didn't realize the motion exposed her naked behind and that she was flashing her shaved twat at the entire produce department. Unable to catch the falling items, things were soon spread across the floor. She squatted to retrieve them.

A woman knelt to help gather the fallen groceries. She rested her hand on Jenna's lower back for balance and said, "I love your taste in fresh fruit."

Smiling back at her, Jenna replied, "Yes, aren't the bananas great."

Debi looked up with smiling, blue eyes. Probing intensely into Jenna's, she whispered, "I was thinking more about your ripe melons and your red hot cherry."

Jenna had a puzzled expression for a moment.

Then the stranger glanced around, and slid her hand down from Jenna's back to her buttocks.

Jenna gasped and blushed. But, rather than protest, she simply gazed at the woman with a look of abashed surprise.

Taking this as an encouraging sign, Debi shifted her hand to gently touch the naked flesh beneath the airy cloth of Jenna's dress.

Now Jenna toppled over in shock and the groceries scattered again. But, she also felt the charge of an involuntary thrill.

Debi tried to stop her fall by dropping the bananas and reaching toward Jenna's thinly covered breast.

Completely nonplussed, Jenna froze on all fours with a complete stranger publicly touching her most sensitive erogenous zones. This was way beyond the 'risqué' rush she had secretly felt on leaving her apartment without panties or bra.

Before they could attract too much attention from other shoppers, Debi removed her hands and helped Jenna to her knees. She leaned toward her ear and whispered, "I'm sorry, dear. I didn't mean to upset you. I was just smitten when you bent forward and showed me your beautiful pussy. I thought you were intentionally giving me a come on. I've done that myself."

With her head spinning from the women's assertive approach and her body still tingling from the unexpected sexual buzz, Jenna gathered her groceries. She stood and attempted to recover some composure. She examined her friendly assaulter and saw a stylishly attired, attractive woman in her early thirties. The woman wore a short sleeved blouse, a knee length casual skirt and a thin belt with a silver clasp. Mostly, she had a warm, welcoming and wholesome expression that belied her lecherous touching.

As the awkward silence stretched, Jenna stammered, "I'm fine. I'm not upset. I didn't mean to flash you. I was just in a rush this morning and...." Her voice trailed away. Meeting Debi's dark eyes, Jenna saw an unconcealed lust. Her own libido, needy from the previous night's frustration and already aroused by the intimate touch, became more enflamed. "I was just ... surprised. Then, searching for a word, blurted, "I'm actually flattered."

Pressing her luck, Debi continued staring at the fit younger woman. She cocked her head and asked, "Flattered enough to join me for a cup of coffee?"

Amidst a physical rush and swirling emotions, Jenna tried to regain her normal confidence and answered, "I've got a better idea. I live just down the street and was about to make some breakfast." Waving the muffins, "Would you like to join me?" Then after a brief pause, and in a boldly uncharacteristic move, added, "Maybe we could both enjoy some fresh and juicy fruit."

Debi beamed at the affirmative and salacious response and replied in kind. She pushed the blonde hair off her excited face, and licked her lips, "I'd looooove to eat your fruit." Waving the bananas lasciviously, she said, "And, I think you'll especially like this long, firm banana."

With their loins growing warm at the licentious exchange, they quickly checked out. Arm in arm, they walked quickly to Jenna's second floor apartment.

Barely inside the door, they dropped the bags on the plush blue carpet and their lips joined. Jenna was pinned against the wall by their warm bodies pressing together. As they hungrily kissed, she ran her fingers through the tangle of Debi's curly, chin length hair and enjoyed the feminine taste of the apple red lipstick. It suddenly occurred to her that in their lusty haste, they hadn't even exchanged names. Pushing back momentarily and catching her breath, she said, "I'm Jenna. What's ... what's your name?" 

Leaning in and rubbing her nose gently against Jenna's, Debi replied, "Jenna. That's beautiful. Just like you." Then taking her face in both hands, she pulled their mouths together again and kissed passionately. Their lips were soft, supple and yielding. After a minute, she broke contact.

Jenna's mind was swirling and her body was enflamed. She didn't care about names any more. Only touching and caressing and hugging.

Her lover kissed her ear and flicked it with her tongue. In a hot whisper, she said, "My name is Debi. But my lovers call me Slick."

Jenna was focussed on the taut breasts leaning against her and the growing heat generated by their rubbing bodies. Enjoying the wave of sensations, she dreamily asked, "Slick? Why Slick?"

Debi answered, "Because, they say I'm always moist and eager to slide my wet pussy against their cunts. Just like you're making me hot and slick right now, angel." She emphasized her words with a thrust of her hips and a grinding motion that pressed their vaginas together through the scant material of their clothes.

The seductive dirty talk and mashing loins electrified Jenna and made her weak in the knees. A moan of pleasure and need escaped from deep within her and she wrapped her arms around the taller woman's neck.

Maintaining the embrace, Slick guided them over the dropped food bags and onto the adjacent sofa. Each kicked off their shoes and settled together into an embrace. They clung tightly and their tongues danced within each others mouths. 

Debi cupped Jenna's breasts through the periwinkle cotton. Enjoying the hungry attention, Jenna lifted her chin and inhaled deeply. The action push her chest forward and made her nipples clearly visible. She craved the contact and reveled that this darling stranger was equally enthralled by their spontaneous lovemaking. 

Debi wore a simply grey, faux-wrap skirt. Her silky, pleated keyhole blouse was unbuttoned sufficiently to reveal her pale pink brassiere. Jenna's pent-up desire didn't allow for slow foreplay. She nibbled down Slick's neck into her cleavage while her fingers undid the buttons on the cute blouse. With her hot breath deliberately fanning Debi's chest, she said, "What a pretty bra. And what beautiful breasts."

Giggling in delight at the compliment, Debi pushed her tits deeper into Jenna's eager face. Her hands slid up and down the back of Jenna's dress and kneaded the curve of her hips. She was similarly pumped and steamy. 

Debi twisted her shoulders and suggestively loosened her shirt. 

Without removing her lips from the tight breasts, Jenna pushed the blouse down Slick's arms and tossed it behind the sofa. Not stopping, she unfastened the side buttons on Debi's skirt and began to tug.

Debi's heart leapt in her chest and her blood coursed. She lifted her cheeks and wriggled loose of the dress. "My, my. Aren't you eager?"

Discarding the skirt, Jenna said, "You don't know the half of it." With her hands pawing the shiny fabric of the pink bra, her eyes devoured the skimpy thong and the inviting tanned flesh. She turned and pushed Debi down onto the couch and positioned herself between her upthrust and spread knees. In a single movement, she crossed her arms, grabbed the hem of her dress and pulled it over her head. She loosened her ponytail. In a saucy and teasing move, she shook her naked body to free her hair. The move made her tits bounce in the amber morning light.

Slick momentarily studied the wanton beauty displayed above her. Then took Jenna's wrist, kissed her hand and yanked her roughly down on top of her. For long minutes, they squirmed, caressed, laughed, bit and flirted. Jenna's young body was shapely, fleshy, warm and flexible. Slick ground her hips and wrapped her legs to give, and to get, pleasure. Sexual tension rocked her body. She was sooo wet and oh so eager.

With closed eyes, Jenna reveled in the all-consuming contact. She moved with a snake-like grace. Unbuttoning the front of Debi's bra, she attacked the irresistible boobs with a feral intensity. Flicking her tongue on the stiff nipples elicited moans and delightful body movements from the sexy nymph trapped beneath her.

In a silent, but urgent, agreement that acknowledged their overheated state, they moved on to a final phase of their assignation. Jenna slithered down Debi's stomach in a series of kisses. Her hands squeezed Slick's sides and her liberated hair tickled her skin. When she reached the edge of the pink thong, it was damp and emanating heat. Her fingers teasingly traced the lacy edge as she inhaled the natural, womanly perfume. But, Jenna was beyond toying with it for long. She leaned back and removed the delicate panties from one leg and left it hanging from the other

Slick's neatly trimmed bush was glistening with sticky juice and her engorged vagina was flushed and blooming. Jenna's hand was drawn to it and played with the edge of the damp curly hair.

The touch was like being brushed by rose petals. Debi was breathing fast with body enflamed and mind shattered. She was not a passive lover and believed in giving as good as she got. She held onto Jenna and slid their bodies from the sofa onto the thick rug for more room to maneuver. Like an experienced pro, she moved their bodies into the classic sixty nine position. Slick's tongue played with the small silver ring piercing the shorter woman's belly button.

Jenna reeled from an overload of sensation. Touching Slick's swollen vagina. The sensual aroma of female musk they were both giving off. The body shaking press of Slick's hand against her cunt. The adrenalin rush of a new intimate partner. Her passion built and her body tingled.

Slick's attention was buried in the hairless and smooth vajayjay. A wry smile spread across her face. She reached out and retrieved one of the bananas. As her fingers continued to cruise the length of Jenna's dripping cunt, she sucked the banana between her lips as if fellating a cock.

The unexpected move simultaneously frightened and titillated Jenna. Her rapt eyes followed Debi's tongue and bright red lips as they made love to the length of the banana. Visions of scenes from porn movies jumped into her head. While the erotica took center stage for their visual attention, their hands persisted in the stimulation of their aroused vaginas.

Debi's mischievous sucking on the stiff seven inch fruit, stimulated Jenna's imagination as much as the intimate touching did her body. The charge was enhanced by the anticipation that Debi's licking play was only prelude for something naughtier.

Jenna didn't have to wait long. While her palm pushed against Debi's loins and her tongue tickled her inner thighs, Jenna's eyes were riveted on Debi's. Slick drew the banana from her mouth and brought the now warm fruit against Jenna's opening cunt lips. Debi's temples throbbed from the proximity of the glistening folds of the love tunnel and with the acquiescence of her accidental and vibrant sapphic lover.

Jenna stiffened from the prick-like stroke on the outside of her vagina, and gave a tender love bite to the top of Slick's pubic hair. 

Slick continued the slow sliding action along the shining slit. She complimented it by beginning to touch Jenna's clit with her tongue.

Jenna was in the agony and ecstasy of building toward a climax. Her body gyrated against the taboo fruit and Slick's talented tongue. She increased her attention to Slick's dripping love hole by inserting the tip of her finger inside and starting a rhythmic push-pull motion. Her thumb sought Debi's clit and circled it applying the lightest hint of pressure. 

Now it was Slick's turn to emit a loud moan of delight. With eyelids fluttering, she turned her head toward Jenna and emitted a soft "Yes, yes. That's good." She removed the banana from it's massaging. It was glistening with the fluid from Jenna's pussy. While Jenna stared, Slick put it into her mouth and lapped up the warm nectar. Even as Jenna's eyes were wide with the erotic tableau, Slick moved the stiff fruit back to the gates of Jenna's love canal. She pressed the tip against the red opening. She turned her eyes back to Jenna's with a questioning expression.

Jenna hesitated.

Debi silently mouthed, "Should I?"

Jenna was torn. She was in a fevered state from their blissful lovemaking. But she'd never been violated by a fruit. Nonetheless, she was taken by Slick's bold passion and she didn't want her own high to wane. She bit her lip.

Slick applied a little more pressure and the banana began to open Jenna's cunt. Her other hand kept a sweeping massage of Jenna's sensitive clit. This time Slick said aloud, "Should I?"

Wanton with heat and need, Jenna nodded her head.

Slick said a little louder, "Tell me, sweetie."

Jenna was out of hesitation. She exhaled and said more loudly than she expected, "YES. Push it in me!"

Without further delay, Slick slowly inserted the banana into Jenna's wet and welcoming vagina. She broke eye contact and moved her tongue to attack the hard nub in her mound. Their souls joined in a promiscuous bond.

As the fruit filled her vagina, Jenna's head lolled side to side with physical joy. The yellow rod pumped and ravished. Jenna moaned and meowed, "Mmmm. Ohh, deeper into my cunny. Oh mama! Mmmm." Barely believing the smutty words escaping her throat.

She followed Slick's lead and pressed her own head deep into Debi's bush. Lacking a banana, she added an additional finger into Slick's cunt and plunged it back and forth with a wet slurping sound.

With empty heads and pumping lungs, they cavorted without inhibitions. The two women fingered and licked and fucked with devilish energy. Jenna's hips bucked and rocked. Her intoxicated cooch tightened around the taboo fruit filling her cavity.

Dripping and lost in carnal lust, Slick humped her groin rhythmically against her lover's palm.

Jenna was the first to burst. She screamed as she came and pushed through the orgasmic barrier. Even more juice squeezed onto Slick's already soaking face. Jenna tried to keep up pressure on Debi's cunt, but found it hard with her mind blanking and her body shaking.

Debi had been in this situation many times and knew better than to rely on the efforts of her climaxed-wracked partner. She left the banana to be pummeled in the grip of Jenna's spasms. She shifted positions and quickly rolled Jenna from her side to her back. Then, Debi mounted Jenna's face and locked her near-ready clitoris against Jenna's chin. She began to ride her in a rocking motion.

Jenna placidly complied and tried to breathe while buried between Debi's squeezing thighs. She let her tongue assist by licking Slick's delicious slit while she was ridden like a pony.

Within a few seconds, Slick's thrust's got faster and harder. Her voice quivered, "Sweetie, that's good. Eat me, Jen. Jenna. Jenna!" The pelvic drives slowed as she arched her back and let out a whoop, "Gawd, yes!" She gave a few more humps to milk the crashing joy from her delirious cunt. Then, her muscles relaxed and she gave herself over to the cresting waves. She fell forward exhausted, spreading her legs and letting Jenna gasp.

They lay together with Jenna's face nestled in Slick's torrid quim for luscious minutes. Debi finally shifted her body to face Jenna with a heavenly smile on her lips. With a purr, she kissed her and proceeded to lick her cunt juice from Jenna's face. 

Jenna returned the favor. The besotted pair cuddled and savored and snuggled like two satisfied kittens. 

When their senses returned enough for them to talk, Jenna said, "Thank you, Slick." She gave her a soft appreciate kiss.

"I should be thanking you." Debi cooed. "You're the one who took the chance and invited a horny stranger to your house."

With a serious expression, Jenna said, "I need to thank you because that was the best banana I've ever had." Then she burst out laughing. Debi removed the abused fruit from Jenna's nest and joined in the laughter. As if they were old friends, they hugged with post-coital touching for more minutes.

They finally decided to shower and then eat breakfast. Jenna said, "I'm going to especially enjoy eating that banana knowing where it's been and what pleasure it's given me."

Now it was Debi's turn to look serious. "Oh, Jenna. I don't think we should eat it."

"Why not?"

"Because after breakfast, I think it's my turn with the banana."

Jenna grinned broadly. Recalling the delight of her recent fruit fucking, she roiled with desire and exhaled a long, "Ohhh, yeeeessssss."