 How did I end up here; on my back, wrists tied together behind my back, and shaking profoundly? I could smell myself in the air and that only turned me on even more and I could hear her moans as she sucked on my clit and slid her fingers in and out of me. Man it felt amazing, but I am getting ahead of myself; I should go back to the beginning and let you in on my mini-adventure. 

As a college student I have a very limited budget, but I hated dorm living. I mean I like the ladies, I just can't live with them. So when my very best guy friend (who is overtly gay) asked me if I would move in with him to help with the rent I jumped at the chance. I loved having a gay roommate because it enabled me to strip down and walk around completely naked while I got ready for my day. My showers were always quick and I was an easy-going girl so choosing an outfit was no sweat. On this particular morning I chose a t-shirt that was not tight, but accentuated my size 36-D chest and jeans that showed everyone what I was working with in the back. 

After getting dressed I would head off to school and plow through my classes. As a pre-law student I had a lot of work to do, so after finishing my classes I would go to this coffee shop and grab my chair and study for hours. I had been going there since my freshman year and now as a senior I was a well-known fixture to all the employees in the place. One in particular, Natalie, had been working there since my beginning and always made sure that my cup never ran dry. 

One day I after a particularly grueling midterm I decided that I wasn't going to study. I mean here I was a young virile 20 year old and the last time I was touched by something that didn't have batteries was months ago. So going straight home, I called to my roommate and informed him that we were hitting the town tonight. He was game and told me that he would call up a bunch of his friends and we would go to the local gay club. It wasn't exactly what I had in mind, but I was getting out. 

So I went to get ready and chose a black strapless top with a sweetheart neckline, a mini skirt that barely coved anything and some red ankle boots. I walked out and my roommate exclaimed "Damn, if I was straight..." and that made me feel good. I walked over to the freezer and got my bottle of Alizé Blue and grabbed some 7UP and we were off. 

We get to the club and I am feeling my bottle that I shared with my roommate and as I walk in I can feel numerous pairs of eyes on me. Now I had never looked at women that way, but with the liquor, my lack of companionship, and the knowledge that most of the guys wanted my roommate and not me I was open to all ideas. Our group was large and we walked in and instantly took over the center of the dance floor. After a couple of songs I make my way to the bar to get something to drink. As I make my way over I notice that the bartenders are all women and some of them are pretty hot. 

I walk up to one and order a shot of Grey Goose. As I am taking my shot I hear my name and look up to see Natalie walking toward me wearing a bra top and skirt shorter than mine and she looked good. So she walks up to me and gives me a hug and asks me what I am doing here. I tell her that I am recharging my batteries and she laughs. It turns out that she knows all the bartenders there so we got free shots of Grey Goose and they kept coming. After about four each we decided to go to the dance floor. Now I consider myself a pretty good dancer, but Natalie had girls and guys staring at her. After a few songs we decided to take a break and get some air. I found my roommate and told him that I had run into a friend and I was gonna go hang. He smiled and I told him that it wasn't even like that. When I got outside Natalie and I began to walk and talk and she mentioned that she lived pretty close by if I wanted to go and relax and have a few more drinks. I told her okay and we were off. 

So we're inside Natalie's apartment and drinking coke and rum when she comes out and says, "So I would never have guessed you were a lesbian. If I had maybe I would've acted on my fantasies that I've had about you since you started coming in." Shocked and quite drunk I didn't correct her impression, rather I spread my arms and said, "Well here I am. Come and get it." 

I didn't need to tell her twice. She stood up and grabbed my hand and led me into her bedroom. Once in there she pushed me against the door and began to kiss me. She pushed her tongue into my mouth and began to swirl it around mine. I felt her hands move from my waist to the back of my shirt and with one good tug it was unzipped and off. My breasts sprang free and Natalie stepped back to admire. I have done this many times myself so I began to play with my nipples for her pleasure and mine. Natalie walked over to the bed and lay down and told me to take off my skirt. I was so surprised at her forwardness that I did it with no hesitation. 

I was then told to sit in the chair that was across from the bed and place one leg on each arm. After I was in position she got up and began to undress. When she took off her top I was amazed by her perky tits with large areolas and hard nipples. Her skirt quickly came down and I was surprised to see that she had no panties on. She came over to me and began to kiss me again before she placed her tit by my mouth. I began to lick and bite her nipples quickly. She began to shudder showing me how sensitive that are was. She quickly composed herself and said, "I'm not going to be the first one to come. You are." And with that she squatted down with her legs spread apart and began to kiss my inner thighs. I was so glad I decided to shave so she could see everything including my hard clit peeking out. I was aroused and couldn't deny it. 

I was squirming with anticipation and aching for her to touch me there and she knew it, but she still denied me. Finally I couldn't take it anymore and I yelled, "Eat my pussy!" She looked up at me, smiled and said, "I was waiting for that" and went to work. She began to lick my clit in slow circular motions. She kept going down until she found may hole and began to attack it with her tongue. She was going in and out very quickly and bringing the juices from deep inside. I was so close and then all of a sudden she shoved her face straight into my pussy and stuck her tongue in as far as it would go. I swear she touched my g-spot because all of a sudden I exploded! I grabbed the back of her head to keep her there and continued grinding my pussy on her tongue. 

Finally I began to come back down to earth and let her go. She looked up at me and her face was lazed with my juices so I leaned over and began to kiss her clean. When I was done, she told me that she still wasn't and took my hand and led me over to the bed. "I enjoyed that, but I had trouble breathing. So for your next one, we're going to try something a little different," she said. She walked over to her dresser and pulled out a rope and came back over and tied my wrist together behind my back. Then she pushed me back and began to go at it again. This time she focused on my clit alternating between making little circles around it to sucking on it and damn it felt good. I could feel another orgasm building up and right as I was going to unleash it she stopped. I let out a little whine to let her know I was unhappy and I heard a little chuckle. She popped up and looked at me and asked, "What do you want?" I want you to continue what you were doing and touch yourself. She smirked and went right back to work. Almost instantly I could hear and feel her moan as she worked on me. I was getting ready to come again when I felt her slide two fingers into me and begin to rub my g-spot and I felt myself coming all over her face. I could hear her reaching her peak and that turned me on even more. She finished and then climbed up onto the bed next to me grinning like a Cheshire cat. As we lay there and caught our breath I thought, "What can I do to top that?" I really didn't know, but I knew I would enjoy finding out...