 The sun is so hot on my bare ass. I'm lying here right now on my tummy, typing...beads of sweat running down between my ass cheeks, then to my pussy where my sweat feels even hotter.

Its only 20 degrees outside, but I'm under a dome that covers the pool and the surrounding deck. It lets the tanning rays through and it's hot as hell under here. Brilliant sunshine...not a cloud in the sky. The dome retracts in the summertime.

I love being horny when I write this stuff.

That works pretty well, because I'm horny ALL the time. 

That's Blue's fault. She makes me want to be SUCH a hot slut for her. Sometimes, she comes out here (always just as naked as me) to "make sure I'm properly covered with oil." Oh yeah...she takes care of that.

The oil gets super-hot lying in the sun. She dribbles it on my skin...it's so hot, it almost burns me. She spreads it all over my back, then my legs. When she gets to the back of my thighs, 

I spread my legs for her and she slides her fingertips along my inner thighs, getting oh-so-close to my pussy...but without touching it.

She knows what she's doing to me...she loves to caress my inner thighs and watch my orchid pussy swell and start to drip.

She giggles sweetly and dribbles the hot oil between my ass cheeks, letting it drip right on the opening to my ass. She lays the oil aside and uses one finger to play with my ass. I raise my ass in the air with my legs spread, whimpering for her to fuck my ass with her finger.

She purrs back at me and slides her finger around my opening...I raise my ass more, begging her to fuck my ass. 

Sometimes, she will not, because she knows just fucking my ass will make me cum, and she wants to save that for later.

Later...when she'll lie under me and fuck my ass real hard, making me cum all over her. 

Ooooohhhhh, my baby loves that because I cum a whole LOT. We both do. (but we're not squirters.) 

Sometimes after I cum, she doesnt stop fucking my ass...she just keeps at me, knowing I'll cum again and even more cum will flow all over her pretty body...

Then, I get to decide...shall I lay myself on her body in all my cum and slide myself all over her, my thigh against her pussy and driving her insane, OR shall I lick up a mouthful of my cum and savagely kiss her, sharing my cum with her while my tongue fucks her mouth and my cum dribbles down her cheeks?

I have to lie here in the sun with my legs spread apart, oil and sweat glistening on my darkly-tanned body, and think about this some more...

My pussy is throbbing soooooooo hard. But, it does that most of the time, doesn't it? It COULD be the small bullet vibrator I have deep inside my pussy...

It has a wireless remote control and its turned off now. I'm not a good typist anyway...if that thing were working on me, vibrating against the walls of my pussy, I couldn't type at all. 

Blue likes to joke about my bad typing. She types about a zillion words per minute...unless my face is buried between her luscious thighs. Sooner or later, she gives up, sets her computer aside, grabs my hair and leans back with her legs spread for me...

...then, I really have my way with her pretty pussy.

It makes me horny as hell to be just as slutty as I can be for Blue... 

I LOVE being her hot woman...the woman who gets to make her cum, screaming like hell...

Yes, I would do ANYTHING in bed (or wherever we happen to be ) that she'd like me to do. I'm not sure why, but doing THAT makes ME cum. And we both cum a LOT...sometimes, all over each other.

When I'm sucking her pussy and I make her cum, sometimes, I don't stop at all...I just keep devouring her and making her cum over and over and over...until she either passes out or sits up and pulls her pussy away from me, pointing her finger at me and saying, "No Sunny! No more! You're going to kill me!" 

Then she flops backward onto the mattress and I hold her against me and smother her lips with kisses. 

In public, it depends upon where we're going, but I love to dress as hotly as I can when I'm with her. I love to wear my loose-fitting skirts as short as possible. They don't completely cover my ass...sometimes, Blue will walk with me with her hand around me and under my skirt, resting on my hip.

That leaves...let's see...half of my ass exposed. 

I don't care. It excites my pussy to DEATH for Blue to show me off...to take possession of me, showing the world to whom I belong. FUCK! That makes me wet!

Then, when we're in private, Blue licks all my juices from my inner thighs, then gives my smooth pussy a very good tongue-fucking!

Oh fuck! That's all I can write for now....have to turn this vibrator up on high...I'm already shaking. In about 15 seconds, my body will be in total spasm and I'll be screaming through a violent orgasm....

Thank-you for reading!

My love to all,

Sunny

Copyright 2016 Sunny Johansen