 The store wasn't opened yet as I walked through my department, women's clothes, to put my purse away in the back. Mary hollered out "Hey Jenny! How's it hanging?" When I said 'hollered', I was being literal. There was nothing subtle about her. Mary is one of those chubby, and I'm trying to be kind, women who can no longer see between their legs because their gut hangs over everything down there. Never have been to her house, or double wide trailer, whatever it is, but I envision it is full of stray cats and dogs, and surely no man or husband or partner of any kind to be found or even a trace of a past one.

I'm older, not 'old', let's just say I'm over 40, well not more than 10 years older than that. Age has been good to me. I'm still slim and shapely, tall and pretty, long gray hair, usually in a pony tail. Heads till turn, I guess hearts still pound once in a while. I like to think so. But quite a few miles on my chassis, some worn parts here and there. I use Jenny, rather than Jen or Jennifer. That is my one hold out to my youth.

This is a good department to work in. I love to look at some of the women that shop here. Oh my, there are some beauties too. Lots of regulars, know most of them by name. A little chit chat with them. Never have been so bold to try and meet any of them socially. Would like to of course. A few I use for mental imagery when I masturbate, something still I love to do. My fingers and I are real good friends, lovers you might say, even if the relationship is a bit one sided.

Sometimes a customer will need some help in the dressing room, usually picked up the wrong size. One morning a pretty woman, yes, yes, late 20's, early 30's maybe, asked me to get her a different size dress. When I returned, she opened the door and was naked from top to bottom. Her body was better than anything I'd seen in a porn movie; perky breasts, nice waist, fine hips. My pussy was shaking and dripping, almost puddling on the floor, guess that's one problem with not wearing panties, as I looked at her.

She looked straight at my face. "Thought you would like this."

I just stood there like a fool. My hand trembled over my crotch, I wanted so badly to touch myself. I really wanted to touch her too, but I was also afraid I'd get fired. There was not a speck of hair between her legs and that was exactly where she was touching herself now. I knew there were some cameras in this area, but none that could see into a dressing enclosure. I closed the door and stood in front of her.

"I can't quite reach this part." Of course she could, she already was. Her hand clearly between her legs and she was begging for me to touch her or she was just messing with my head.

I went for the gold. "Let me help."

I placed my hand over her mound, a finger tip slid between the soft folds of skin. I don't know who was wetter, but she was definitely very damp. She threw her head back as my finger ran across her clit, a soft gasp escaped her slightly open mouth, her hands rested on my shoulders for support, as I continued to flick her clit. Her fingers squeezed my shoulders very tight for a moment.

"Oh thank you ..." she glanced at my name tag, "... Jenny. I think I'm ready to try that other size now."

That kind of break in the day is rare, but not as rare as you might think. I live for those days. I always love to look, to get more memories. My life is made of memories like that.

Back from lunch that day, I strolled through the department to see if anyone needed help. Over by the dresses, I saw Kim. She was one of my more favorite customers and had been coming in maybe once, sometimes twice, a week for the last few months. Like all the others, I didn't really know her, but we always had a nice conversation when she was here. Nothing substantial, didn't know what she did, if she was married, where she lived, nothing much.

I walked towards her, waiting until I was almost by her before saying anything. "Good afternoon Kim. How's my number one customer?"

"So nice to see you Jenny. I'm doing just great. Looking for a lightweight travel dress."

"Most are gone now. I think you've found just about all that are left. Going on a trip?" Not such a stupid question, she might have just wanted that style for around town.

"Yeah. Something's come up. Nothing big."

"Hope it will be a fun time."

"Think it will be. Don't know how long I'll be away. But I will return. I promise. Love our talks."

She was sweet to say that. Gave me hope. We were about the same age and she definitely made my heart race.

"Let me know if I can help. Seems this afternoon we are shorthanded and swamped with customers. This morning was dead around here." I glanced over my shoulder as I walked away. I could feel an extra thump in my chest. Later I looked for Kim and she was gone. I didn't see her leave and I was saddened that she didn't say goodbye, maybe I was with a customer. I convinced myself that was what happened. At least it made me feel better.

That night I had vivid dreams of Kim kissing all over my body, sucking my pussy, me sucking hers. They were all wonderful. I would wake up and replay them in my mind, making each one even better in the replay, masturbating as I watched. I must have had 3 or 4 orgasms during the night. Not a record, but a bit unusual for me. Even if I didn't have an orgasm, I thoroughly enjoyed myself each time.

Over the months, the twenty-something woman returned a few times and entertained me in the dressing room. I don't know why, don't know who she was, never knew when she would be here, but she seemed to enjoy it as much as I did. It was almost like the anonymity was a major factor for her, maybe for me too.

I hadn't seen Kim since that day she was looking for a travel dress. It had been over 6 months and I'd almost given up seeing her again. That, for some strange reason, left a small hole in my being, my soul. I had grown fond of our short visits, don't know exactly why. I've never been able to put my finger on 'why' one person excited me and another didn't. She definitely excited me. I wished that we had tried to have lunch or meet away from the store. Sometimes the loss of a person makes them seem ever more special.

Suddenly one day, I saw her head moving past the tables of clothes. She seemed shorter. I hustled towards where I thought she was. Oh goodie, goodie, she was here. My heart raced at the thought. I had built up what probably was an unreal fantasy of the two of us sailing off into the sunset together, the perfect love. You know, the perfect end to a chick flick. I knew she probably didn't feel the same way for me, in fact I didn't even know if she liked women in 'that way'. Maybe she was married. As I got closer, all those negative thoughts I'd never allowed myself to have, filled my mind. Was I about to get my heart broken?

I looked up and down the aisles of clothes. I turned a corner and saw her. My mouth must have bounced off the floor, I could have sworn I felt the carpet against my chin.

"Hi Jenny. It's wonderful to see you again."

"What ..." Further words failed to leave my mouth as I looked at her, sitting in a bright yellow wheelchair, her short skirt laying flat on the seat in front of her hips. I walked closer and kneeled down in front of her, my hands resting on the edge of the seat. I looked at her hips, then up to her face.

"Love ..." She had never said anything like that to me before. "... I'm just fine. I'm happy. Please don't be sad."

"I was so worried about you. I thought I'd never see you again."

"I know. It was mean of me. I wasn't going to come back. I didn't want to feel like I had to explain this ... to anyone. That's why I didn't say goodbye the last time I saw you. Eventually, I just had to try seeing you one more time. You were the only one I just had to see."

"Oh Kim. I'm so happy you did. Let's have dinner tonight and talk. I so much want to just talk to you. I missed you."

Work dragged the rest of the day. I was useless. I managed to talk someone into covering for me so I could leave early. I rushed home, cleaned myself up, put on a skimpy dress, something that revealed a little too much of my charms. I felt sexy going out with Kim and I wanted her to see me in that way. I wanted her to not be able to resist me. I wanted to end up in bed with her tonight and I took no chances. My long slim legs extended way, way, down from my almost too short dress with the opening at the top unbuttoned enough to show a little cleavage between my smallish breasts. Hope she wasn't a 'boob' kind of woman. I laughed at myself a little for even having such a thought.

I adjusted one breast, not that they were big enough to adjust much, letting my fingers linger for a moment, loving how it felt to touch myself. My God, I was way ahead of myself. I was making up all kinds of feelings for a woman I still didn't even know if she would be interested in me in that kind of way. Oh I hoped she would. Been a long time since I'd had feeling like this.

We went nice restaurant I had picked, one of those dimly lit, deeply romantic kind with the dark red velvet wallpaper, where the waiters speak that funny fake French and wear tuxedoes. She had suggested we just meet there, that sometimes she had trouble getting into other peoples houses with her chair. I got there a little early thinking I'd just wait in the lounge, have a drink, and relax my nerves a little. 

When I got there, her glass was almost empty. She was radiant and dressed very nicely. She held up her drink towards me. "You have a little catching up to do."

The bar tender looked at me, I looked at him. "Whatever it is, give me one." I could barely stand, my knees shook like a teenager's on his first date. Nothing mattered anymore other than just being with Kim. Her lack of legs didn't even matter to me. She was still Kim.

I sat next to her at the table. "Do you ever look marvelous."

"Thanks for suggesting we meet. Guess I've fantasized about this for a while."

"You're so sweet to say that. Me too."

"Ladies, your table is ready. I will have someone bring your drinks."

We were shown to a semicircular, thickly padded, booth near the fireplace. Making reservations, I'd asked for this booth, knowing it was the most romantic one. I was glad it was chilly outside so the fire would be burning. I expected Kim to just stay in her chair, but she moved to the booth and slid next to me, closer than actually necessary. Nice. As much as I wanted to just sit and stare across the table into her face, oh what a face it was, the face that launched a thousand ships, I was excited by the fact that she had actually made the effort to sit real close to me.

As the waiter placed the opened menus in front of us, a young lady sat our drinks on the table.

Kim looked at me. "Remember when you were that young? Those were the days my friend."

"Bet you broke all the boys hearts?"

"Actually all the girls hearts."

Her hand was wrapped around her drink glass, just stroking the sides with her fingers up and down like a hard cock, the moisture dripping down her hand like my pussy juices down my thigh. I rubbed the back of her hand lightly with the back of mine.

"Me too."

"Lets not do that to each other."

"I hope not ... Kim."

She took my hand and rolled it over, placing her palm on mine, her fingers intertwined with mine. Lifting our hands, she lightly kissed the back of mine once.

"Are you ready to order or would you like a few more minutes?"

Kim looked up at the waiter and smiled. "Sorry. A special night. A few more minutes."

My heart melted as I heard her say that. The glow of the firelight reflected off her face. Maybe others would not think of us raving beauties, but I could not get over just how lovely, just how gorgeous Kim was to me.

"Very well Madam." Fake French is better than no French I guess. He turned and walked away.

We looked through the menus, discussing what we liked and didn't, what sounded good and didn't. So much to choose from. I loved to eat here.

The waiter was back, looking at us like this would be our last chance to order for the night.

"Filet Mignon is my favorite here. That and a nice Merlot."

"You hit the nail on the head Jenny. Two of those please, medium, with bearnaise sauce, and blue cheese for the salad. And a nice Merlot. You can choose sir."

"Very well." He left.

Kim sat looking at me, her blue eyes had me locked in her spell. It was all I could do to keep from embarrassing myself by just jumping on top of her right now and yelling 'suck my cunt, all night long'. I controlled myself and just leaned over to give her a small peck on the lips.

"I'm so glad you came back Kim."

The waiter held the bottle in front of Kim before she could reply to me.

"That'll be fine."

He opened it and let her taste it.

"Very nice."

He poured some for both of us and left again.

Kim raised her glass. "To the start of something nice."

I clinked my glass against hers. "Yes it is."

I felt her hand rest on my thigh, higher than just above the knee, as her lips briefly touched my cheek. Almost by instinct, I put my hand on her thigh, but it landed on her flattened skirt.

A smile filled her face. "I forget too." She moved my hand, pressing it over the front of her hip. "There." Her hand remained on top of mine for a second before moving back to my thigh, this time a little higher.

"I like the way you feel there." I had never known or thought about what it would be like to be with someone with a body like Kim now had. She could have an eye in the middle of her forehead. I just wanted to be with her.

We just looked at each other's face as we sipped the wine, filled our glasses, sipped more, ate our salads. We were both on another planet. The bottle was nearly empty when the main course arrived.

Kim held the bottle up. "Another."

"Why yes, just a moment." I found that such a quaint way to answer with a question, it made me smile.

After the waiter was far enough away, I mentioned it to Kim. We both giggled together about that and the funny accent.

The first glass of the 2nd bottle went down far too fast and far too smoothly. Usually it only takes me one glass to get a little silly, tonight I'd had 3 so far plus my drink from the lounge. Of course Kim was just as plastered. Good thing it was just a mile down quiet streets to my place. Only one small step into it. I felt sure we could get her chair inside. What did I know? I just hoped.

The waiter took my credit card. I looked at Kim, leaned towards her and gave her a kiss that lasted just long enough to say 'I want more'.

"Oh Jenny, I've had a wonderful time tonight. This has been so good." She squeezed my hand and held it, not letting it go.

"Do me the favor of coming back to my place."

"Steps?"

"Just a small one. We can find a way."

"Or you could come to mine. I'm just a mile away."

"In the Valley View Apartments?"

"Yes?"

"Me too. #2125."

"#9125."

"Oh my God, we're neighbors! Just a few buildings apart."

I parked in my usual place and walked, staggered, over to Kim's, one building from mine. She was just getting into her wheelchair as I got there.

"Do they allow drunken wheelchair pushing?"

"Would that be a DWP?"

We had similar floor plans, even the same spartan decorating ideas. She had been in her place less than a month and still had boxes piled here and there. 

I know we had the same ideas about what to do now, only she beat me to the bedroom and was just moving onto the bed when I got there.

"Damn Hot Wheels, that chair is fast."

"Shut up and kiss me. I've got a major fire down below that needs to be dealt with real fast."

I laid next to her, arms around each other, mouths locked together, tongues not to be untangled for some time, fanning those flames even more.

Her hands roamed over my body, mine over hers. I released her mouth, her tongue, turned, and began kissing my way down her front, over her clothes, my hand leading the way. I skipped past her breasts, time for that later. I knew where I wanted my mouth and quickly too. Skirt up over her hips, my fingers were rubbing her pussy lips just moments before my tongue parted them. I could feel her mouth feasting on me at the other end of the bed. I stopped just long enough to say "I love you down here." before resuming my desert. 

My hands pulled her skirt over her hips. Without legs, it was instantly off, and fell to the floor. "Opps." I mumbled. My lips kissed across her hips, across the faint white scars where her legs used to be. I wanted her to know I didn't mind, that it didn't bother me. Patiently, I continued my kisses until I was again were covering her luscious lips, parting them, licking the delicious wetness, uncovering her overly large clit from its hiding place, sucking it between my lips, nibbling on it with my teeth. 

She was urging me on. "Suck me, harder, yeah like that, more. She was out of control! I too was commanding "bite my clit, lick it, you're good baby." Then we both were racked with a marvelous simultaneous orgasm and a few aftershocks, maybe another orgasm or two before we slowed, then stopped.

We turned so we were face to face again, laying sideways across the bed, her body not reaching fully across, my feet dangling over the edge. We kissed for a while, nuzzled, cuddled, and just held each other close.

"Damn Kim! I was so horny. That was great."

"Nice we both were. Hoping you would want me. Now we have that out of the way, maybe the rest of tonight we can just make sweet love and explore how wonderful it is to lay next to each other."

"You said that so nicely."

"Kim ... you do feel nice against me." My hand draped over her hip, touching all over where that leg had been.

"I'm glad. It feels good when you touch me like that."

Between the wine and the love making, it was 10:30 when we woke up.

I looked at the clock. "Hope no one had to go to work."

"It's Saturday silly."

"Oh yeah. So kiss me fool."

"Gotta pee really bad."

"Only if you let me watch."

"Jenny is a dirty girl!" Kim moved into her chair and I followed as she rolled into the bathroom. 

My finger dragged through her pussy as the urine splashed in the water. Done, I licked my fingers. "This was just to show you how special you are to me. I don't want there to be anything we can't share. Know that Kim. Don't feel like you have to hide anything." I folded up some toilet paper and wiped her. "Thanks for letting me be here with you." I kissed her while she sat on the toilet.

For the rest of the weekend, we talked, made love, had sex, ate each other, also some food, and just started learning more about each other. Hours seemed compressed into seconds.

Sunday evening, I sat next to her on the couch. Both undressed, watching nothing on TV, holding hands. Acting like new lovers should.

"Will you watch me?"

"Watch?"

"Yeah Kim. Watch me masturbate."

"I'd love too. That is such a turn on. Should we take turns or do it at the same time?"

There seemed to be nothing one of us wanted to do or talk about that the other didn't also. Real soul mates. 

"Take turns."

I moved closer to the arm of the couch and leaned my back against it so I was facing her with my legs spread apart. She did the same.

"You cheated. You didn't spread your legs."

"Good one Jenny. I may keep you now."

As I dipped my fingers inside me, stroked my thighs, licked my fingers, flicked my clit a bunch, breathing hard, I could tell Kim was having trouble just watching. She had a finger tip rubbing up and down across her clit, slowly at first, but soon matching pace with me.

"That is fucking beautiful Kim. I'm so glad you can't wait for me to finish."

"You are such a tease, such a turn on. I've never been with someone that lit me up like you do. Have I told you that you have fantastic looking pussy. Your pussy lips are just gorgeous baby. So even, so neat. Oh, you taste so damn good too. You're going to have a fucking hard time getting rid of me lover."
