 I thoroughly enjoyed writing my first story on submissive lesbian love. Here is the next part with Bella and Michelle. This story stands on its own, but I highly recommend that you read Part 01 first.

As with all my stories, this will feature BDSM as Bella takes Michelle to new levels of submission introducing her to the club scene.

....

As Michelle awakens, her body sore from an extreme workout with her new lover Bella. Two weeks after meeting, she is now living at Bella's house. Her bed is a small mattress on the floor beside Bella's bed. As Bella's submissive pet she, at this point, is not permitted to sleep with her new Mistress.

Stretching across her bed, a soft moan slips past her lips when she is reminded that her ass is still plugged from last night's marathon session.

"Baby, is that you stirring down there?" asks Bella, her insatiable need stirring.

"Yes, Mistress Bella," responds Michelle awaiting for permission to join her.

"Did you sleep like a good girl my pet?"

"Yes, Mistress Bella. You exhausted me so good last night." Michelle's pussy warming, eagerly waiting for her morning love.

"Come to me sweet baby. My pussy needs to feel your lips on it."

Bella, slowly spreading her legs as she watches her young pet slowly crawl up onto the bed. "Mmm, you look so sexy in the morning," purrs Bella, her pussy lips parting as she spreads wider for her submissive pet.

Michelle licks her Mistress's foot soon wrapping her lips around Bella's large toe, gently kissing and sucking it just the way Bella likes. She is sure not to take her eyes off her Mistress as she's been trained, her tongue slipping between each toe, licking and sucking, savoring all of her Mistress's body.

"Such a good girl," moans Bella, her finger slipping between her pussy lips. "Worship your Mistress, like a good pet."

The plug stretching Michelle's ass, touching her in all the right places while she continues to kiss and suck each toe. Their eyes locked, she slowly kisses up the toned legs of her infatuation. Michelle smiles when Bella slides her foot between her legs, pressing softly against her moistening hole.

"Mmm, that feels good," moans Michelle as she rocks her pussy over Bella's probing foot.

She feels the familiar wetness growing as she kisses higher and higher. Bella's scent exciting Michelle, her warmth growing as she approaches her Mistress's shaved pussy.

"Ohhh," moans Michelle, Bella's foot now rubbing her swelling clit.

Finally reaching Bella's pussy, Michelle's tongue slides slowly along each pussy lip. Softly and sensually she slides along her Mistress's wet cunt. Long slow licks from just below her clit down to Bella's tight asshole, occasionally circling it around her most private hole.

"Yes my pet, lick my asshole. You are such a dirty slut," Bella whispers, her hands pushing Michelle's head harder against her darkness. "Slip your tongue into my asshole. You know what your Mistress likes."

Eager to please, Michelle presses her wet tongue deep into Bella's asshole feeling it tight around her tongue as it sinks deeper into her ass.

"Fuck, so good. So fucking good," moans Bella as her obedient pet concierge services her tight asshole. Michelle darts her tongue in and out, in and out of Bella's exquisite asshole. Each insertion opening it a little more, allowing her tongue to slide deeper and deeper into her ass.

Bella's foot constantly rubbing harder and faster against Michelle's now dripping cunt is bringing her closer to orgasm, but she knows she's not permitted to come before her Mistress, and she knows cumming without permission would result in a definite punishment.

Kissing along her pussy, Michelle's expert tongue sinks between Bella's wet lips, penetrating deeper each moment. Her soft fingers slide back her delicate clit hood, eliciting a soft moan when Michelle sees the shiny, throbbing clit beckoning to her. The moans of her Mistress also growing while she circles her tongue around the pulsing pink jewel.

"Ohhhh, fuck my slut, you have learned to eat my pussy like a good pet." Bella whispers, her breathing hard, her nipples even harder. "Suck my clit you fucking whore, I need to come," Bella commands grinding Michelle's face against her wet cunt.

Like an obedient pet, Michelle wraps her pink lips around Bella's swollen pearl, tightening them as she gently sucks. Bella is moaning loudly, her pussy is on fire with need. Michelle continues to suck harder, lashing her tongue across her sensitive clit. Moaning over her pussy, while Bella jams her foot deeper into Michelle's wet cunt.

"Mmm, Mistress fuck that feels so good," moans Michelle, her pussy stretching as Bella's foot pushes into her pussy.

"Shh, my slut. Suck my clit harder my pet."

Michelle continues sucking, licking, and circling Bella's clit. She sinks two fingers into her Mistress's pussy, and at the same time, presses two into her Mistress's tight, wet asshole.

"Ohh, you fucking dirty whore. Fuck me, fuck my ass you slut," urges Bella, her pussy tightening around Michelle's driving fingers. "Don't stop, fuck dooooon't...." Bella demands, feeling her orgasm fast approaching, her foot now almost fully inside Michelle's tight pussy.

Bella holds Michelle's head, grinding her obedient sub against her dripping cunt. "Fuck, I'm cumming my pet. Fuck my pussy, my ass," she moans as the first wave rips through her. Michelle needing to cum so bad, but ignoring her needs as she picks up her pace fucking her Mistress's holes and sucking her excited clit.

"Fuck, oh fuck," Bella yells, her cum spraying from her squeezing cunt, gushing over Michelle's pretty face. Michelle's fingers tapping Bella's engorged g-spot as the next wave sprays over her face. Wave after wave of cum drenching Michelle.

Not wanting her to stop, but Bella's clit now too sensitive, she pushes Michelle off her, ordering her to get onto all fours, sliding her foot from Michelle's needy cunt.

She sighs, so close to cumming, but obediently moves into position. She lays her head down and lifts her ass into the air feeling her heart pounding, knowing she is about to get fucked hard.

Bella slowly recovers, getting off the soaked bed, gliding her fingers along Michelle's back. She opens her dresser drawer picking up one of her many strap-ons. "Do you want to cum my pet?" Bella asks, moving behind her sub, rubbing the large black cock against Michelle's wet pussy.

"Yes, Mistress, if you wish for me to cum for you," responds Michelle, moaning feeling the cold plastic head sliding between her pussy lips.

"Mmm, so wet baby," she purrs, slowly pressing the thick head into Michelle's cunt.

"F...for you Mistress, for you," whispers Michelle. The horny sub moaning, her pussy stretching to accept it. Her lips wrap around the large black cock, folding as her Mistress pushes it deeper, sliding it further into Michelle's wet hole.

Michelle can feel each thick inch, as she grabs the sheets while being penetrated by her Mistress's strap-on.

Bella caresses Michelle as she slides her hands to her pet's hips and starts fucking her submissive slut harder. Sliding the large cock in and out of her pet's pussy, occasionally pulling on the plug still buried deep inside Michelle's ass.

"Ohh, Mistress, you fill me so good."

"Mmm, feel me my love, feel your pussy stretching," whispers Bella, picking up her pace beginning to fuck Michelle the way she wants it, she needs it. Wet noises now fill the room, the Mistress pounding her submissive pet's pussy.

"Mistress, fuck me harder. Please, you know what I need."

Michelle now working hard to meet each thrust with her own.

Bella now fucking Michelle's ass with the plug watching her ass expand and contract around the pink anal plug. The black cock ramming harder, deeper, "Tell me you want this my slut, tell me you need this," commands Bella.

"Yes Mistress, fuck I want this. I need this. Don't stop. Please fuck me harder."

Bella begins to ram her pet's ass and pussy, making her moan louder.

"Mistress, please Mistress, may I cum for you," pleads Michelle, her pussy tightening around the pounding cock.

"No my pet, not yet," warns Bella, "I want you needing to cum for me." The cock now a blur fucking Michelle's dripping pussy. The pink plug moving effortlessly from Michelle's gaping ass.

"Please Mistress, please let me cum for you," again begs Michelle, not sure she can hold back much longer.

"Rub for me, my slut. Do it now," demands Bella knowing she is pushing her pet to her limit.

Quickly Michelle obeys rubbing her swollen clit, each of her holes being relentlessly pounded.

"Fuckk, Please. PLEASE!" she begs, knowing she is about to come.

"Now my pet. Come for me now, my dirty slut," orders Bella, as she continues mercilessly pounding her sub's pussy and asshole.

"Thank you Mistress, fuck. Thank youuuuuu."

Michelle cums, her much needed orgasm washing through her entire body. "Fuck, Fuck, cummming. Cumming for you."

Michelle's hand now furiously rubbing her clit as she explodes over the cock pounding deep in her pussy. Bella doesn't let up, she continues fucking her sub harder as the next wave ripples through her. "Yes my slut, cum for me, like a good pet."

Her pussy on fire as her orgasm continues, Bella not stopping even while the third orgasm rips into her pet.

Several minutes later, Michelle collapses on the bed, exhausted from the thorough fucking she just received from Bella, her beautiful, strong Mistress. She removes the anal plug and slips out the large black cock, whispering, "Such a good girl," open your mouth my sweet baby."

Bella unstraps the cock placing it slowly into Michelle's greedy mouth. She licks and sucks her own juices from the plastic cock, moaning while tasting her sweet cum. Michelle, now trained to clean her toys after each use. Bella caresses her pet's long blonde hair, kissing Michelle softly and squeezing Michelle's tight ass. "Mmm, such a good pet." She leans in whispering. "You better get going or you will be late for work."

"Noo, please let me stay here with you."

"Soon my pet," responds Bella, "I will pick you up at work tonight. We are going out."

......

Michelle exits the bathroom, dressed and ready for work. She walks over to Bella, still laying in her bed basking in her orgasm, thinking about the night she has planned for her young pet. Leaning in she kisses her soft pink lips, moaning as she feels Bella's warm fingers rubbing her bare pussy.

"Mmm, such a good slut," purrs Bella, "Always following the rules."

Bella does not allow her pet to wear any panties to work, preferring to always have access to Michelle's pussy and letting her feel her pussy dripping all day, getting her more excited for their next love session.

"Remember, my pet, no touching or you will be punished," orders Bella, pressing her finger deeper into her sub's warm pussy.

"Mmm, I promise Mistress," purrs Michelle, "I do not want to be punished again."

"Now get going, before I fuck that pussy," commands Bella. "I will pick you up at 11 and we will be going out."

"Yes, Mistress, I will be waiting for you."

Bella slides her finger from Michelle's pussy, quickly sliding it into her mouth. "Mmm, so good."

.......

At 10:57 Michelle is eagerly waiting for Bella to pull up to the hotel entrance. Her pussy is dripping with anticipation, knowing that Bella will be taking her somewhere special tonight. At 11:02 Bella pulls into the hotel entrance, her black Mercedes suiting her perfectly.

Michelle opens the door, quickly getting into the car and leans over kissing Bella's soft lips.

"Fuck, I missed you," declares Bella. "Were you a good girl?"

"Yes Mistress Bella," smiles Michelle, proud of the fact that she did not touch her wet pussy all day.

Seeing the sincere statement, Bella smiles back, "Such a good pet."

Bella taps Michelle's leg, signalling for her to spread them. The obedient sub quickly obeys, as Bella slides her fingers along Michelle's wet pussy.

"Mmm, somebody is horny," she whispers, pushing two fingers into Michelle's tight hole.

Michelle just moans, allowing her Mistress to finger her needy cunt.

Several minutes later they arrive at their destination. It is an underground bar situated downtown in the manufacturing district. Bella pulls her fingers from her sub's pussy taking them to her mouth. She leans in, whispering, "Mmm, so sweet. My pet, I want you to exit the vehicle and remove your clothes." She kisses her lips, whispering again, "You will spread your legs, while you bend over the hood. Nod if you understand."

Michelle, looks at her, knowing not to question and simply nods. She opens the door, and slides off her white blouse. Her nipples are hardening as the cool night air breezes across her body. She slides down the straps of her camisole while walking around to the hood of the car. Bella outside now as well, watches as her obedient pet removes her clothes. She slides her hand under her short, tight leather skirt softly rubbing her pussy as she watches her pet strip naked.

Her finger starts circling her swelling clit as Michelle's nipples come into view. Michelle removes her camisole, looking at her sexy Mistress.

"Mmm, good girl," she whispers. "Now your skirt my love."

Nervously she removes her last piece of clothing, letting the skirt slowly slide down her tanned, toned legs. She bends down picking it up, feeling Bella's finger slide along her naked asshole.

"Ohh, fuck," she moans as Bella presses a finger into her pussy.

"Now bend over the hood my pet," Bella orders.

Michelle walks to the front of the car, bending over as commanded. The warm hood feels good against her large D cup breasts. Her nipples soften as they press against the warm hood. Bella reaches into her purse, pulling out an anal plug. She puts it into Michelle's wet pussy before pressing it into her awaiting ass.

"Fuck," purrs Michelle as the plug slips easily into her well trained asshole.

Bella again reaches into her purse, pulling out a leather collar. She slides Michelle's hair to the side exposing her neck and fastens it. Michelle waits, continuing to bend over the hood, feeling her pussy dripping down her leg as she awaits her next orders.

"My pet," whispers Bella. "We are about to go into my favorite club. You will obey my every command without question. Nod if you understand."

Michelle quickly nods, watching Bella reach into her purse again. She pulls out a leash and a small chain.

"Stand up my love," Bella orders, hooking the leash to the collar. "Turn to me my sweet pet."

Michelle gets up from the hood, turning her body to Bella. Her sexy Mistress grabs her right nipple, hardening again as the night air breezes across it. She rolls her nipple, extending it, making Michelle moan. Bella slips a hoop over the puffy nipple and slides up the ring to lock it in place.

"Mmm," moans Michelle.

Bella grabs the other nipple, squeezing it harder, rolling it and extending it even further. Again she slides the hoop on the other end of the chain tightening it around her swollen bud. She tugs the chain making sure it's secure.

"Such a good girl," whispers Bella as she grabs the leash, kissing Michelle softly, "You make me so happy."

Michelle feels her heart flutter as her raven haired Mistress leads her to the bar. Her long black hair blowing in the wind, her flawless ass perfectly covered by the short leather skirt. As they get closer, she can hear the music. She feels her body getting more excited as they approach the door. Looking to her right, she sees a woman being eaten out leaning on a hood as her naked submissive pet is kneeling between her legs. Another sub is being fucked with a strap-on. Bella leans in, "I bet you wish that was you."

Michelle nods not able to pull her eyes from the incredibly sexy scenes. She wants to rub her pussy, but knows she must wait for permission. The plug in her ass making her more excited by the second.

Bella knocks 3 times on the door. The door opens. A large bouncer nods. "Hello Bella."

"Hello Mike," she acknowledges, "Is it busy tonight?"

"As usual," he smiles looking at Michelle's naked body, the nipple chain shimmering in the light.

They walk down a dark staircase, the music getting louder and louder. At the base of the stairs, two couples are making out, and like her and Bella, one is naked and the other is dressed in leather. Bella pulls the leash, leaning in whispering, "Make me proud my pet, and you will be rewarded." She pulls Michelle even closer, "Don't make me punish you." She kisses Michelle, "More than I want to."

As they walk through the door, Michelle can't believe the spectacle. Wall to wall gorgeous women dancing, fucking, licking and sucking. Bella continues through the large room, the leash tight in her hand. Michelle feels hands caressing her, squeezing her ass as they walk to the back of the room eventually finding a free table. Bella sits, and points next to her. Michelle instinctively kneels at her side.

Bella smiles, confirming to Michelle that she is pleased. Slowly, she spreads her legs. Michelle is panting, needing to be feasting on her Mistress's pussy. She stays put waiting for Bella's command. "Now my pet," she says as her wet pussy lips part.

Michelle leans in, breathing in Bella's scent as she slides out her eager tongue. Slowly, she slides it along her Mistress's shaved pussy.

"Good girl," purrs Bella as she pushes Michelle's face against her.

Michelle licks each pussy lip, sliding her tongue along the outside, the inside, and finally slipping it deep into her Mistress's warm hole. Her hands are behind her back, wanting to impress Bella.

"Fuck, mmm, so good my slut," moans Bella, her young submissive very much an improved pussy licker after several weeks of Bella's training.

"My My My, she is an eager one," a sexy voice says behind Michelle. "Where do you find these lovely pets?"

"Good evening Jessie," says Bella, pushing Michelle harder against her pussy. "Are you alone tonight?"

Jessie moves closer, letting her leg press against Michelle's ass. "You would like that, wouldn't you," retorts Jessie as she slides her hand along Michelle's back.

"Jessie, take your hand off her, unless you want to lose it," threatens Bella. "I am not ready to share her yet."

Michelle's pussy gushes when hearing 'yet'.

"Still a greedy bitch I see," returns Jessie as a young petite brunette moves to her. "Ahh, you are back my pet, I trust you had a good time in the washroom."

She kneels beside Jessie, looking up to her, "Mhmm, I did Mistress, thank you." Her face wet with cum.

"Well, Bella I will let you go, you are obviously not in a sharing mood tonight. Give me a call when you want to share. My new pet Alexa will be more than happy to show you her new skills. Wouldn't you my baby?"

Alexa looks at Bella, nodding at Jessie, "Yes Mistress, I would." Her eyes now glued to Michelle's head between Bella's legs.

Michelle continues licking Bella's pussy, she slips a finger into her asshole causing Bella to moan.

"Fuck," she purrs as Michelle moves to Bella's clit.

"Have a good night Bella. See you soon I hope," says Jessie as she leads Alexa to the dance floor.

"That's it my pet. Right there. Fuck so good baby, so good," Bella's orgasm fast approaching.

Michelle starts sucking and licking Bella's swollen clit. Her clit scraping along her teeth with each slow suck. Now adding a second finger to her Mistress's asshole as Bella's orgasm erupts.

"Fuck, don't fucking stop you slut. Suck my clit, fuck my ass." Bella's orgasm cresting, Michelle not letting up until the orgasm fades. Bella pushes her away. "Fuck, such a good girl." She leans down kissing her wet face, licking her cum from Michelle's soft lips and cheeks.
