 Meghan had been given the greatest birthday gift for her 18th birthday. Her parents had given her a trip to London, England. 

Her first trip alone and Meghan was beaming. The flight was uneventful, and Meghan had studied the tourist guide to see all the important places to visit. She felt so grownup to be able to go on her own.

As Meghan stood a little impatiently in line while waiting to register and get a key to her room, at the hotel. 

A slight grin crossed her face and her blue eyes sparkled, accentuating her cute freckles. She was thinking what she had written in her high school yearbook. "Let a smile be you're umbrella and you're gonna get wet."

"Finally," she muttered under her breath, "my turn."

"How may I help you?" the gay looking man behind the counter asked brightly. 

Meghan was about to give the man a burn but thought better of it and gave him her name. "I have a reservation for three nights, that my parents got for my birthday."

"Ohhhhhh let me see," the man said while punching in her name on the reservations computer terminal. "Hmmmmm, I don't find it here, let me check one more place."

Meghan nervously tapped her foot while the clerk searched for her name. Finally with his head shaking from side to side the man said slowly, "I'm sorry, ma'am, but I don't find your reservation anywhere, and unfortunately we're all booked up."

"What?" Meghan snapped. "My parents booked the reservation and I've even got the confirmation reply, I demand to speak to the manager."

Meghan could hear the grumbling from the other people in line, but dammit it couldn't be helped. She had a reservation and demanded that they live up to it. 

Ten minutes later after the assistant manager had explained that there was nothing they could do. 

A feminine voice from the middle of the line said softly, "I have reservations for a double and wouldn't mind sharing it with you."

On their way up the elevator to the fifteenth floor Meghan said, "I really appreciate this, I don't know what I would have done with the whole city filled up and me in a strange country, not knowing anybody."

"No problem at all," the brunette woman replied, "I just hope that if I was ever in your predicament that someone would do the same for me, by the way my name's Marie, Marie LeClare."

Meghan reached out to shake Marie's extended hand and replied, "I'm Meghan, oh good, here's our floor."

"Nice room," Marie commented while dropping her bags in the corner. "I always stay at the Biltmore," Marie went on, "the service is always great, that is until today." 

The two of them laughed for a moment before Marie asked, "Do you mind if I take a shower, it was a long flight and I feel pretty grungy?"

"Not at all," Meghan replied, "you go right ahead while I unpack." Meghan then proceeded to open her suitcase while in the background she could hear the sound of water running in the bathroom.

"It's all yours," Marie said while coming out through the bathroom door. Meghan turned around to answer but her chin practically hit the floor when she saw a totally naked Marie standing in the middle of the room toweling herself off.

"Go ahead," the big-busted woman said casually, "the water's hot." Meghan quickly regained her senses and replied, "Thanks, I think I will." 

Once under the stingy rays of water Meghan forgot all about the incident with Marie and luxuriated in the warm gushing water.

"Ohhhh that feels so nice," she said to herself as her mind drifted off into space. She was in fact so relaxed that she never even noticed when the door to the shower slowly opened and Marie joined her inside.

"Mmmmm, you look so sexy under that spray" Marie whispered. "What are you doing in here?"

A befuddled Meghan answered shakily. "I just thought the water felt so good," 

Marie replied gently while reaching out to caress the younger woman's smooth belly, "Mmmmm, you look so sexy under that spray." Now recoiling with a little bit of fear Meghan answered a little more forcefully, "I can assure you that I'm 18 years old and quite capable of taking my own shower, thank you."

"I'm sure that you are," Marie replied smoothly while letting her hands roam all over the frightened woman's firm breasts, "but you look so sexy I just couldn't help myself."

"Well just help yourself out of here," Meghan stammered, "I don't go in for this type of thing."

"Really?" Marie asked softly. "Just look at your nipples, they seem to be "going for it." Marie quickly moved closer to her target and forced her hand between the stunned young woman's legs and began firmly fingering the young pussy.

"Ohhhhhh," Meghan gasped, "stop that this instant."

"You mean stop this?" Marie asked softly while flicking her finger over the mewling woman's hard swollen clit.

Meghan was now pinned up against the shower stall wall and with little or no chance of escape closed her eyes and let the brunette woman have her way with her. 

The tension in Meghan's pussy was now growing to a fever pitch. She was trying desperately not to enjoy the experience, but knowing how sensitive her pussy was to any kind of stimulus she knew instinctively that she would do what ever Marie asked of her.

Now hovering on the ragged edge of orgasm, Meghan's eyes literally were rolling back in her head when Marie kissed her on the ear and whispered, "Have you ever sucked a pussy?" 

"No," Meghan recoiled, for the first time figuring out exactly what was going to happen next. "That's good, real good," Marie cooed while pressing her heavy chest into Meghan's perfectly shaped breasts. "I just love having a virgin mouth do my hot cunt, it's oh so exhilarating."

"I don't want to," Meghan cried weakly, "please, don't make me."

"Please don't make me," Marie mimicked in high-pitched little girl's voice. "Now get your ass down there and suck me off, little bitch."

Seconds later Meghan was on her knees staring at the hottest pussy she had ever seen in her eighteen years of life. Marie grabbed her roughly by the head, and with little or no fanfare pulled her mouth directly to the bulging slit.

Secretly Meghan had always wondered what it would be like to orally satisfy another woman and now here she was actually getting her chance. 

Of course she had tasted her own pussy juice on the fingers of her hand after an extreme masturbation session, but this was totally different and much more intense. 

Gingerly at first she let her tongue slip up and down Marie's pussy lips, taking special care to flick across her swollen erect clit. Hearing Marie moan with each stroke emboldened the neo-cunt lapper.

Now reaching around to grab Marie's ass cheeks for leverage she bored in hard, alternating between tongue fucking and driving her wild with hard licks on her distended clit.

"Good fucking god," Marie moaned while grabbing the towel bar for support, "you're a fucking cunt lapping genius."

Meghan would feel a change coming over her as the older woman rocketed to a leg wobbling orgasm. She could tell instantly that this would not be the last pussy she would suck while Marie literally ground her spasming cunt lips into her wide open mouth, filling it with sweet pussy honey as she gushed.

Marie gasped for breath as her blood pressure slowly returned to normal. 

Come with me," she ordered while pulling Meghan to her feet. After drying off Marie led the aroused young woman to one of the beds and had her lay down with her legs spread wide apart. 

Meghan closed her eyes and softly pulled and twisted her hard nipples while waiting for her new lover to bring her to an orgasm of her own.

"Now we're ready," Marie announced while towering over the bed. Meghan slowly opened her eyes only to feel her heart leap to her throat as she stared at a monstrous strap on dildo hanging menacingly between the busty brunette's legs.

Even though she was terrified at the thought of such a huge organ penetrating her pussy, she thought to herself, "I'm brand new and she wants to lay track."

Whimpering softly while Marie mounted her and pressed the giant head against her now straining opening. "Be gentle," Meghan gasped, "please, don't hurt me." Marie smiled at the shaking woman and replied softly, "But the pain can be so good."

And then without any warning at all, she slammed her hips forward, driving the plastic spike nine inches deep into her unsuspecting pussy. 

To keep her from screaming out loud Marie put her arm over Meghan's mouth and began powering in and out of the helpless pussy like a battering ram. 

Unbelievably, true to Marie's prediction the mixture of pleasure and pain soon became lost in a gigantic orgasmic cauldron that roiled hotter and hotter by the second.

When it became apparent that she wouldn't scream, Marie removed her arm only to have Meghan beg, "Oh, please, harder, fuck me harder."

A broad smile spread over Marie's face and she whispered, "my little baby is going to have a big one isn't she." Meghan attempted to answer, but it was too late. 

At that very moment her pussy collapsed around the invading monster while a climax of incredible dimensions slammed into her pussy like a guided missile. "I'm fucking cumming," she finally managed to moan, "so fucking strong."

Then it was over. The two of them lay together for a long time with the huge dildo still buried deep in Meghan's over heated pussy.

"I'm totally shell shocked," Meghan sighed while caressing one of Marie's large breasts, "that was just incredible."

Marie kissed the now satiated woman on the cheek and replied softly, "And remember, we still have three more days."

"Mmmmmm, yes," Meghan sighed, "three more days, and don't forget the nights."