 Hello there! I hope this finds you enjoying yourself and relaxing... I hope you like it...

I call you up in the middle of the day. And ask if you want to go to dinner with me tonight. Can you get him to take care of the kids tonight? I would like to take you out to a special place tonight. You said you will try to and would let me know. I get a call a couple of hours later... you say it's a go and ask when I would pick you up. 8 o'clock? It's a date! And we hang up. Needless to say, it was difficult to concentrate on work that afternoon, but I try anyway.

I leave work a little early to go home and get ready... I want to look nice for you tonight! I want everything to be perfect for you. I shower and shave (haha). I take special care around my lips and butt hole... silky smooth. Grooming my muff as well. I walk into my closet to figure out what to wear... what would you like? First, I find my sheer under things. Just white. a very sheer under wire and matching French cut panties. I hope you have a chance to see them! I walk back into the bathroom, to see if I look alright, in the full-length mirror... I think so. My under things hardly conceal anything... my nipples are clearly visible, bumps already developing thinking of our evening together. The hairs of my muff are also clearly distinguishable. I think to myself that you may approve.

Walking back into the closet, I am looking for an outfit for you... for me, for you! I find my long dark blue dress, which hugs my form quietly nicely. I slip it on and walk back to the mirror. I hope you will approve... the dress reveals the body it is covering very well... my small, firm breasts are highlighted, my butt is well-rounded as well by the dress. Yes, this will work! I had the small final touches and head downstairs and out the door.

I make it to your door at about 8:01 pm. He answers the door and cannot speak, jaw dropped, mouth open... I say Hi and ask for you. He remembers me from a group picnic this last summer. But, he remembered more of a tomboy... denim shorts, t-shirt, ponytail, baseball cap, grass stains on my knee. I cleaned up pretty well. He stammered 'come on in' and backed up a few steps. I walked in. he shut the door. He called for you. He seemed uncomfortable. I was looking around the room and happened to look at his face, he was staring at me. I could feel my nipples tingle; they were already a bit stiff from the evening breeze. I glanced down at his crotch... it was growing! Noticeably stretching against his jeans! Then we caught each other looking at each other... and I just smiled. Which I think made him more uncomfortable!

You came to the front door. You were striking! Your eyes were shining, twinkling... another dark dress which covered your body with ecstasy. Your hips looked wonderful. You turned around, faking to forget something, just so I could see your butt. Thank you. Your dress followed the small of your back, hips, butt, and thighs so nicely. Now it was he who caught me looking at you. But, his cock wouldn't let him get angry about anything right then. You walked past him, saying good night, and kissing him on the cheek.

When we got in my car, we looked at each other, smiled, and said hello. I backed out of the driveway and started downtown. You asked where we were going, I answered someplace nice, I'm sure you'll like it. when we pulled up, the valet opened your door and came around opened mine, handed me the ticket and drove off. You looked a bit unsettled. You hadn't been to this restaurant before. I looked over at you and said get ready for a night of pampering! as we were being seated, we did receive a few looks. I wonder what was the reason for the stares?? But, I didn't mind. 

When we sat, I ordered some wine and appetizers for us. I could tell you liked being cared for. And I liked doing it. That first glass of wine went down quickly, I am glad I ordered the bottle. I requested the circle booth in the corner, close to the fireplace, but we could hear the pianist still. Very nice atmosphere, soft music, low lights, just the right temp. We partook in some small talk, work, babies, family, a little sports. After awhile, we ordered dinner. I cannot remember what exactly, seafood, pasta... very fancy... and more wine.

Our eyes were holding each other’s gaze throughout the ordering. The waiter found that that to be a bit peculiar. You finally broke the ice with, “You certainly look beautiful tonight!” 

I blushed and thanked you. Returning the compliment, I mentioned how I liked your hair and thanked you for turning around for me back at your place. Your butt looks so nice! 

“Oh no! It's too big!” 

I disagree totally. It is very attractive. In fact, I wouldn't mind spending some time back up in there tonight!' now you blushed.

Again some more 'civil' conversation ensued. You were making me a bit more than excited however, with your eyes, and the way you sat, and the tone in your voice. Right when I was going to scoot over beside you, the food arrived. Damn. Your eyes said they knew exactly what I was thinking. After a few exquisite morsels of the dish, I couldn't take any longer. I slipped off my shoe and searched for your leg under the table. As I found it, I began running my toes (I wasn't wearing hose tonight) up and down your calf. You gasped and choked on the bite you had in your mouth just a little. Then a large smile. We continue eating, but I also continue to massage your calf with my foot. Luckily there was a long table cloth on the table.

As we finished our meals, we ordered more wine. My foot began to move up your leg... to the inside of your knee, then to your thigh, your breath was quickened and your eyes looked startled! As the waiter came back and filled our glasses, my big toe reached your pussy! You let out a slight scream! This almost made the waiter drop the bottle. He asked if you were alright... you could barely get out that you were fine. I was almost giggling. I could feel the warmth and moisture through your hose and panties. I surprised myself with my ability to find and distinguish your lips through the material. I was able to separate them a bit... my toe was now getting moist as well.

We continued our conversation, attempting to maintain some sort of civility. My toes, however, were on a mission of their own! They had excited you enough to enlarge your clit to the size of my being able to stroke its length with my big toe... slowly from base to tip. I enjoyed the feeling of being able to excite you with my toes. When my toe was at the root of clit, I would rub sideways and try to dip inside your lips. Your eyes could no longer focus. 

All of a sudden, you said out loud, “Oooo, this is incredible!” the folks at the next table turned suddenly at your outburst. They were shocked! Your face was flushed! And our table was kinda wiggling.

I pulled my toes back a little, to your thighs. You were looking quite embarrassed. I apologized to you. Your face was still flushed. You said you had to excuse yourself, smiled, got up, and walked to the bathroom. I felt terrible! I had embarrassed you on the night I wanted to be special for you. But then I thought maybe, just maybe, she wanted me to follow her. I didn't know. My emotions were all tangled up in the physical pleasures I was giving and therefore receiving. Right when I was going to get up and find you, you were walking back to our table. I asked if you were alright. 

You said, “More than alright!” with a big smile!

You just started again. Your face was bright and happy. I was having trouble figuring you out. Just when I was going ask you again if you were alright... you said 'use your toes, honey' right in the middle of a sentence about something completely different. Well, I slipped my shoe off again and began searching... and to my surprise, I found a thigh that was completely bare!! My eyes looked up to yours, confused... “They're in my purse, dear.” 

Now, I was shocked! My foot worked its way upward and inward. Suddenly, I gasped! My toes had discovered fur covered lips open to the air! 

“Yep, those are in my purse, as well!” you said. 

I was beside myself. I didn't know what to do. Although, my toes knew exactly what to do. My big toe began stroking your clit to full strength again.

Your breath was quickening, your lips were quivering (on your face). I look around. There was nobody at the tables near ours. That's why I asked for the corner booth! I was not going to let my toes have all the fun of bringing you off. In one quick motion, with the skill of a professional ballerina, I lifted the tablecloth and dove under the table, skillfully replacing the tablecloth as so it didn't look disturbed. It was dark under there, but luckily it was clean! The reason I knew that was because all I could smell was you! The combination of your perfume with your 'personal fragrance!' I followed my nose!

As my eyes got adjusted to the light, I could see your legs. You had pulled up your skirt, spread your legs, and slid your butt to the edge of the bench. I began by kissing your knees and inner thighs. Kissing, licking, and nibbling. You allowed one hand to come down and stroke my hair. At least I thought you were stroking my hair. I found out you were pulling my head to your pussy. The fragrance was getting stronger! I must have been moving too slowly for you... I saw your other hand reach to your pussy lips and dip in. your fingers were glistening with your moisture. Those fingers found my lips, separated them and allowed me to taste you. My tongue circling your fingers, licking off your nectar... making love to your fingers...

I couldn't wait any longer. My face moved up to your muff... kissing and nuzzling. I was wondering if your lips were more soaked than your clit was hard! I didn't care... both were making me crazy! My tongue found your clit and wrapped around it. Couldn't completely, but close. Then I started my tongue up and down. I could feel you grow within my tongue! It was a fantastic feeling! You pulled the table cloth up, revealing face in your lap... you were scared of someone seeing, but you had to watch my face exploring your most private area. 

I found myself looking up into your eyes. Our eyes were connected as I explored the folds of your lips with my tongue. I stuck my tongue out as far as I could manage, so you could see it trying to pleasure you. Then my lips would search and find one of your lips. Kiss it. Lick it. Pull on it, sucking gently. I could feel myself tingling and getting moist as I was pulling on your lips. There are so big! I really enjoy pulling on those lips with my lips and flicking at the end of your lips... feeling your hips move, gyrating, and trying to increase your pleasure. 

I leaned back for little bit, admiring your entire pussy! Your prominent clit, towering over all, your many folds of lips glistening with your moisture and my spit, your muff of hair, nicely groomed. (I do want you to shave around those lovely lips and butt hole for me.) then, the 'supporting cast'... your nice tummy, a bit round and inviting, your thighs, whose muscles were already clamped around my head when the sensations were heightening for you, your butt hole, barely visible and with a musky scent of its own! A very nice sight indeed!

I began kissing your lips as if they were a mouth. A lip to lip kiss. My tongue alternating between stroking your clit and diving into your puss hole. You would really wiggle when my tongue dove into you. So I made sure, I did that more often. I would reach into you as far as I could. Exploring your inner walls, bumps, and ridges. Then trying to fuck you with my tongue... sticking it out as far I as I could manage. Stiff as I could make it. My head bobbing in and out... from my tongue barely touching your lips to deep within and my lips and teeth directly pounding your puss.

Suddenly, I heard something from above... it was the waiter asking if you need anything... you were so flustered you could only shake your head. He did not stop in his quest for an answer though. He began removing the place settings. Still trying to hold a conversation with you. I don't think he realized you were not saying anything. You were trying to decide whether you wanted to be completely embarrassed, enough to die, or let the pleasure continue to control your body.

Then he leaned over to remove your plate, and saw the table cloth up, and your dress up, and finally saw my face in your lap! He stopped in his tracks. Not moving just staring. I was looking up at you and you at him. 

You had decided to let the pleasure control your body. However, you did think we were going to be asked to leave quite soon. You hope that you would at least cum first. Haha. Pleasure had taken you over, because you suddenly reached over to the waiter and fumbled with his crotch! Finding his zipper! And then pulling out his semi-hard cock! He hadn't even moved since he discovered what was in your lap.

He was frozen solid, hard as a rock! (Haha) You thought to yourself, we are not going to get kicked out without this guy going to. Your hand was on 'autopilot' with his cock after many years of being married. You were concentrating on that pretty little face between your legs. My head had been bobbing in and out for a couple minutes now. My head was tired, my tongue was getting there... but I wanted to hear you scream in this luxurious restaurant. 

I decided to change my focus to your clit. My lips circled around it. Sucking with all my strength. Pulling it out of hiding. You leaned back further and spread your legs more... bracing your knees on the table. Now the waiter looked more nervous. You glanced at him... his head was going from side to side looking for anyone that maybe approaching. Luckily the corner booth had high back rests. If anyone looked from across the room, they could not see your hand stroking his stiff cock. His hips were unconsciously thrusting as you kept him hard. 

You looked back down at me. Your eyes telling me you were close. At that point I was relentless on your clit. Kissing, sucking, swirling, pulling, biting (gently, of course). The waiter could tell you were close, and so he starting getting closer as well. Isn't the human body wonderful? He wasn't even part of the session, but his body knew to cum when you were cumming!

Your breath was heavier and faster! Your mouth was convulsing! Your forehead was sweating! Now your hips were pumping against my face, with the knowledge of self-pleasure. Your free hand grabbed the back of my head and held tight. in your other hand, you felt his cock begin to throb, so you let go of it and reached in his pants, grabbed his balls and squeezed! Hard! At that time, I had done just the right things to you and you came, hard and long! Screaming as well! I couldn't tell who were louder, you or him! You came all over my face! I was drenched. And your thighs encircling my head, squeezing with all their might. I kept of sucking you off; I would not relinquish my grip on your clit! 

You looked over at his cock as he came. You were squeezing his balls. He was screaming in a combination of pain and pleasure. His cock was throbbing and bouncing up and down... the first volley of his cum landed on the table. The next, a larger portion, landed on your face. You kept on squeezing and he kept on screaming! You looked back down at my face as your second wave of orgasms hit you! It hit you with such intensity that your legs kicked out, shoved the table and rattled all the dishes on it! 

It took awhile, but both of you had settled down. Your puss was still leaking on my face. I, being the diligent little girl, was licking it up to best of my ability. His cock was still leaking on your arm. You had not let loose of your 'death grip' on his balls yet. And you could tell by his expression... he was obviously in a lot of pain! You let loose, and apologized profusely. You felt so bad, that you leaned over and licked and sucked his dick for awhile, cleaning up his cum, while I was cleaning up yours. 

You had actually brought him back to an erection with your knowledgeable mouth when someone starting coming this way. Oh no, it was the manager! He stopped at the table. You had pulled the table cloth down over my head and sat up a little. You handed the waiter some platters to hold over the top of his now rampant cock! The manager said, “What is going on here?” 

You took control... you explained that you slipped and rattled the table and that his waiter was doing fine job of helping. You were also asking him directions to a night spot and that you would need him for a little while longer, thank you very much! He saw what he thought was cum on your face. He looked surprised, confused, angered, but he said, “Very good, ma’am,” and left.

The waiter fell over himself thanking you for saving his tail with his boss. You said certainly. You asked if he wanted you to finish him off with a blow job. But he lifted the platters to reveal a much deflated cock. You, “oh, okay,” and gently reached up and tucked him in and zipped him up. You hadn't realized that your puss was still quivering under my mouth. And with one last impulsive nibbling suck, you came one last time. You were stabilizing yourself by holding onto the table and table cloth, you pulled off some of the dishes as you came again!

Again, with the skill of a ballerina, I appeared from underneath the table. I said Hi to the waiter and sat down beside you. Kissed you on the cheek, I tasted his cum and began to clean your face up as well. I complimented him on his tasty cum. By now he was so embarrassed he couldn't even speak. He just turned and went to the kitchen. You asked if I wanted any desert, I said, I already had mine!

We decided we better leave, and headed to the door. You excused yourself again, and headed for the restroom. We met up at the front door. I had given my ticket to the valet, and he was returned with the car. When he said he had the car was right out front and looked like he was waiting for a tip... 

I was still so excited by our session that I dropped to my knees again. Unzipped... pulled out his cock and began to suck him off. The foyer was dark and empty, but you had a perfect view of my face on his cock. You laughed when you saw his face. He looked terribly embarrassed. Then you went back to watching me blow him. You couldn't believe that I could take that much cock down my throat. He was big, alright. 

However, he came quite quickly, but with such force that his cum came out my nose, I gagged, and coughed a bit, but managed to swallow most of it. I stood up, said thanks for getting my car, and held the door for you and we walked out. You giggled as you walked by him... he was still in shock, his was semi hard, hanging out, and still dripping!

When we got into my car, you leaned over and kissed me, tasting his cum, and smiled. I asked, I hope that didn't upset, I am so horny right now. 

You said, “Absolutely not! I got another 'clit rush' just watching you suck him off. I exploded when his cum came out of your nose!” We both laughed. You licked and cleaned up the rest of my face as we drove off.

As we drove to your house, your hands were wandering in between my thighs. Every once in awhile brushing against my puss. It was killing me. we pulled into your driveway at about 11:30 pm, a little later than we had planned. We slowly walked to the door enjoying the night sky. when we reached your porch, which was hidden from the street by tall evergreens, I leaned over and kissed you again. Surprisingly, you returned the kiss! My hands went to your body as yours to mine. Your hand went to the small of back, my waist, and then cupping my tiny breast, and then alternated between them. 

My right hand went immediately to lift up your dress, but to my distress, it found a fully clothed puss. My face showed surprise and extreme disappointment. 
