 A grin passed over my lips as I pulled my car into the driveway. The house I was taking care of belonged to my friend Lori and her new husband. Over the last year, I had fallen in love with Lori while I worked with her. Every time she was around, I couldn't help but stare at her beautiful red hair, her friendly smile, her thin frame. Even in her mid thirties, she was more gorgeous than any 20 year old I met. I knew that, being a 22 year old girl, there would never be a chance for us, but I wished...oh how I wished. Getting my suitcase from my trunk, I walked hurried to the front door. Her car was already gone, so I knew I wouldn't get a chance to see her. Just the same, I couldn't wait to get inside. Shutting the door behind me, I set my luggage in the entry way. 

"Morgan, Artemis!" I called to the dogs I would be watching over. I set my keys on the table in the hall and continued into the house.

"Where are you guys?" I called again, a little nervous about how quiet the house was. 

"Mitch? Come on out!" The hair on the back of my next stood up with the silence. Peeking into the kitchen, I found no trace of the pups. I stopped and listened for a moment, hoping to hear something to betray their location. A shuffling came from the master bedroom. A jolt of fear ran through me, as it was not the sound of anything canine. It sounded like someone shutting a drawer. Holding my breath, I slowly advanced on the half open door. As I reached the bedroom, another sound invaded my ears. Very slowly, I pushed open the door, preparing myself for a conflict. What I found there was not what I expected in the least. 

Standing at the foot of the bed stood the girl of my dreams. Lori wore a sexy white bustier with skimpy white panties. White garters were clipped to a pair of knee-high nylons. She looked as though she was waiting for me. Inhaling sharply, I felt my face grow red. Turning my eyes to the ground, all I could do was stammer. 

Taking a deep breath I managed to whisper "I'm sorry...I thought you were already gone." 

Lori smiled and licked her lips. 

"I stayed behind." She simply stated. 

Stealing a quick glance I could only ask "Where's Anthony?" She ran a hand up the pillar of her four poster bed and leaned against it, her top lifting to show the smooth skin of her belly. 

"I told him to go ahead, that I would catch up later." Running the fingers of her other hand along the neckline of her bustier along her soft pale-skinned breasts, I could feel her staring at me. 

"I've seen the way you look at me, Jill. I know you want to look at me now, don't you?" 

My heart beat hard and I felt my own panties growing wet. 

"I-I...I don't know what you're talking about." I lied. Her shoulders relaxed a bit and a disappointed expression came over her face. 

"You mean, you were never interested in me?" She asked in a slightly pained tone. She began to turn away from me. Swallowing hard, I reached out and grabbed her arm. 

"Wait..." I prompted. She turned her face back to me, and I did what I dreamed of doing for so long. Placing my hand behind her head, I pulled her close to me and kissed her hard. It was a kiss that had been waiting to be freed for a year now and it showed it. My tongue desperately pushed it's way past her lips and flicked hers. I wrapped my other arm around her back, my hand resting on the small of her back. If I wasn't wet down below before, there was no question about it now. My juices drenched my panties as I explored her mouth. I could feel her hands toying with the button of my jeans, and then my zipper. Never stepping away from her, I kicked my shoes off, then pulled my socks off. 

She lowered my pants, and, as I was stepping out of them, her hands squeezed my ass tightly. I felt the satin of her top against my skin before I realized my shirt had been removed. My hands were exploring her body as if by their own accord, touching her hips, her thighs, and finally, her small perky breasts. Reaching my hands down to the backs of her thighs, I picked her up and held her against me. As I was thanking myself for going to the gym, her legs wrapped around my torso while my hands locked behind her back. My lips were on her neck now, kissing, sucking, nibbling. Her breaths had turned to soft moans of pleasure. 

Carrying her easily over to the bed, I laid her down on her back and took in her every curve with my eyes. She was slowly unsnapping the bustier, a hungry look in her eyes. I quickly undid my bra and tossed it aside, freeing my own large tits. I stood over her, in only my little black cotton panties. Finally free from her satin imprisonment, she slipped her top out from under her and dropped it on the floor. 

Climbing up onto the bed and on top of Lori, I lowered my mouth to hers once more. My hand found it's way to her breast and her erect nipple and began to rub softly while her own hand stroked my thigh. Unlocking my mouth from her lips, I ran flicked my tongue across her nipple quickly. As she arched her back, the hand on my thigh found it's way beneath the elastic band of my panties. As she rested her hand on my pubic mound, I took her breast into my mouth. Moaning softly, she reached one of her fingers down into my wet cunt. As she slowly thrusted her finger in and out, my hands caressed her body passionately. 

"Oh, Lori" I moaned "You don't know how long I've wanted you." My body tingled with desire as she took her time to fuck me with her finger. I could feel her other hand on my tit, rubbing and stroking. 

Smiling at my pleasure, she whispered softly "You have an even more incredible body than I ever imagined." Just the thought of this woman imagining what my body was like was enough to bring me close to orgasm. Sucking hungrily on every soft spot of skin I could reach, I writhed with pleasure at her touch. A fire was building inside of me that screamed to be let out as I escalated toward climax. Focusing purely on the intense sensations between my legs, I could feel myself getting lightheaded with desire and satisfaction. Just as I felt I may topple from dizziness, my orgasm exploded within me. I let out a deep groan as I slumped forward between Lori's heaving breasts. 

Even though I couldn't see her, I could feel the smug smile on her face as she leisurely shifted her fingers from my exhausted pussy to my tingling clit. Stopping there only to rub for a second, she continued the path along my hip to my back, where she rest her hand just below my neck. Regaining my strength and energy, I kissed my way down to her stomach. Nibbling at her hips and thighs, I use my hands to spread her legs. I stroked the private triangle between her hips and her dripping sex. Lowering my head between her legs, I spread her lips slightly. I feel the muscles in her legs clench somewhat and now it's my turn to smile. I run my tongue from the tip of her clit down to her pussy and pause for a second, letting her whimper for more. 

"Oh, yesss." She hisses "Please do it, Jill." Smiling again, I thrust my tongue deep into her. Her wordless sounds fill the air as I lick at her sweet juices. Licking my lips, I savor her flavor. 

"I never thought you'd taste this good." I moan. Eagerly, I lick and suck at her. Her body squirms and bucks against my mouth as my tongue dances inside her. Holding her hips, I drive my tongue deep inside her, then drawing it back out. I feel her hands grasp behind my head and pull my mouth into her anxious slit. My face pressed against her, I run the tip of my tongue along the walls of her convulsing pussy, massaging the pulsating muscles. Her voice grows louder and higher pitched as I go faster and faster. I can feel the mixture of her juices with my saliva running down my chin and along her thighs. Her entire body tenses as she cums forcefully into my readily waiting mouth. Deep, ragged breaths heave her chest as I climb up to lie beside her. Wiping the liquids from my chin, I nibble softly on her ear. Her muscles tremble from the strain as she turns to kiss my softly. 

"That was even better than I thought it could be." I whispered drowsily. Sighing softly, Lori merely nods her head.

The next morning, I wake to find myself alone in her bed. If not for the aroma of sex and the white satin panties beneath my pillow, I might have thought it all a dream. In reality, it was a dream come true.