 Allan had created a hunger in me; a hunger that I thought wasn't possible. He had created a desire that left me wanting more, a need to experience other men, more men to satisfy this hunger. I considered finding a regular boyfriend, but that would be too much hard work trying to find the right one. I thought about having regular one night stands but again, too much hard work finding the right guy. Then I finally found what I needed to satisfy these cravings.

I was no stranger to the internet having used it regularly for my studies, but I was new to its darker and more sinister side. I had moved on from David and the need for love. I wanted the danger that Allan had given me, and more. 

I signed up to an adult dating service and put clear instructions on my profile page that I was looking for no strings attached fun. The offers for sex from all sorts of men, young and old, came flooding in and I was able to pick and choose. 

I found most of the men I spoke to were either sex starved husbands or weirdo's looking to fulfil their kinky fetishes, and some of them were married. But three people stood out from the rest. One was a professional guy in his mid-forties and the other two were a male -- female couple looking for a single female. I had fun with both exchanging sexy messages and they both turned me on in different ways.

The couple intrigued me. Like all girls, I guess, I had fantasised about going with another girl but never a male -- female couple. Tony and Carol were their names and they were ten years older than me, which seemed to turn Tony on even more. They were fairly experienced swingers and Carol wasted no time in telling me, with great detail, what she would like to do to me.

Soon enough we got a little more personal and we started exchanging photos. It was only face pictures at first but then we moved onto more revealing photos before finally exchanging explicit ones. I had a whole album on my computer of Tony and Carol in various states of dress, sexual positions and even cum shots. I could see from the photos that Tony was well equipped and they both had a filthy appetite for sex.

I spent endless hours talking to the two of them with my fingers, dildos and even a cucumber, Carol's special request, rammed deep inside me before taking my own photos and returning the favour. Eventually I agreed to meet them both at their house and Tony requested I wear a Basque. 

On the Saturday we had agreed to meet I booked to have my hair and nails done in the afternoon, so I spent the morning shopping for a sexy Basque. I felt so sexy trying on different outfits that by the time I had picked one I was gagging for some action.

The Basque was stunning and expensive. It was black and pink with beautiful silk and lace panels, separated by a zip down the front to give easy access to my body. It also had a ruffled trim running around the bottom with detachable suspenders so I completed the wanton look with a sexy matching black stockings and g-string set.

When I left the store the male security guard smiled at me. He had obviously seen the items I had picked out and was now probably left with the image of how I looked wearing them. I smiled back adding fuel to my fire.

I'm not one of these women who indulge in self praise to make themselves feel good and I don't put myself down either for others to pick me up. But I have to say I thought I looked stunning. My brown hair flowed with its wavy locks down past my shoulders giving me a sultry look. I used very light make-up with a pink lip gloss that matched my freshly manicured nails and then I slipped into the Basque. My 32C bust was pushed up making it look bigger and I was ready for whatever the night held for me.

Before I left that evening I checked I had everything in my bag, including a spare pair of clothes, and put my long coat on over my outfit.

When I arrived Tony opened the door to greet me and he politely kissed me on the cheek when I entered. He led me into the living room where I met Carol and she gave me a gentle squeeze and welcomed me into their home. It was a very nice home to, very clean. 

Carol was wearing a very short low cut black dress, showing off her impressive cleavage and of course no bra. Tony was wearing a smart blue shirt and black trousers and he looked very smart and professional. 

Tony then handed me a glass of white wine and offered to take my coat. As I felt my coat being taken from my body my heart started to race and the room filled with Tony and Carols gasps. I felt like a call girl compared to how they were dressed, but then I guess in many ways I was. 

Carol looked at my tits and smiled before she sat next to me on the sofa. We immediately started chatting and I noticed how every time I spoke she watched my lips. I watched her to. She had a pretty face and a fit body with stunning tits, taller than me with longer sexy legs. 

Sensing how nervous I was she moved a little closer and commented on how lovely and sweet she thought I was. Tony agreed as she leaned in and kissed me softly. It was just a soft brush of the lips at first but then she came back in and slid her tongue into my mouth. It was so different to kissing a man; it was softer, gentler yet still full of passion.

She stood us up with her tongue still in my mouth and I naturally wrapped my hands around her neck while she held my face. After a few moments she dropped her hands down to my breasts and gently started to caress them through the Basque. It felt so good I could only respond by kissing her harder.

It wasn't long before Tony was standing behind me smoothing his hands up and down the sides of the Basque and my body. I'm sure their hands swapped places as I felt one set of hands run down over my tummy and then up the sides of my body, and then the other set of hands slid softly from my sides to my front and straight over my breasts. 

I could feel Tony breathing on my neck as he moaned quietly and it tickled sending tiny shivers down my spine. Then Carol broke away and we looked into each other's eyes. She signalled something to her husband with her eyes and I immediately felt his hands on my zip. As Tony very slowly inched the zip down Carol removed my arms from around her neck and pulled her dress straps down. She then cupped her own breasts through her dress waiting for the moment when Tony was ready to release mine. 

I was so turned on standing between them while they used me for their little game, and Carol knew it too. Tony stopped when the zip had reached the centre of my body. It was low enough to expose my tits while allowing the rest of the Basque to hug my body. Carol signalled again with her eyes and, at the same time, I watched as she pulled down her dress and felt my Basque being pulled apart.

I looked at her tits and thought about how nice they looked. They were big and round and probably two cups bigger than mine. Her nipples were dark and hard and her skin looked soft. 

She stepped forward and grabbed my breasts as she started kissing my neck. Tiny little kisses were planted all over my neck and face as I closed my eyes enjoying the feeling. I quickly felt someone take my hands and lift them upwards and forwards before resting them on something soft. Tony held my hands over his wife's breasts and he started to massage them with my hands. Then I felt another hand on me, but this time trailing itself softly up the inside of my leg until it reached my pussy.

Carol was now kissing my breasts and it felt so erotic. I couldn't believe that a woman was licking and sucking my nipples as she slid a couple of fingers between my legs. I began digging my fingers into her soft flesh, feeling her tits, rubbing and caressing. Tony was no longer holding my hands as he unzipped the rest of my Basque and began undressing me. Carol continued with my tits as my Basque fell to the floor and Tony removed my g-string.

His hands were now all over my legs, running down the outside and then up the inside sending shockwaves throughout my body. Carol cupped my tits again and forced her tongue back in my mouth. I was so horny. So horny in fact I hadn't noticed that Tony was now naked.

"Shall we go upstairs ladies?" Tony suggested. Neither Carol nor I said a word as she took my hand and led me up the stairs to their bedroom. Once in the bedroom she climbed onto the bed and led in middle of it with her legs spread. This is where everything changed and I realised dominance was this couple's fetish.

"Why don't you get on the bed?" Tony said. I looked at him and then at Carol, who was teasing her clit. "I want you to lick my cunt, Sophie." She groaned, "I want you to see how wet you've made me." Tony guided me towards the bed and I climbed between Carols legs. I couldn't wait to taste her so I dropped down on the bed and run my tongue up her slit. It tasted better than I thought and she was soaking wet. I flicked my tongue up and down her lips and teased her clit, the same way I liked having it done.

Then Tony climbed onto the bed and pulled me up by my hips while Carol grabbed my head, keeping my mouth buried in her pussy. It all happened so quickly that I forgot about a condom and I felt Tony enter me with ease from behind. He didn't mess about as he started to fuck me hard and deep just the way I liked it. 

I loved it, lashing my tongue in and out of his wife while he tried to push his cock deeper inside me. His hands grabbed my arse cheeks and he spread them wide. I imagined he wanted to get a good look of his cock spreading my pussy as he fucked me to my first climax. 

After a short while he ran his hands up my back, under my body and then down my tummy until he reached my clit and starting rubbing it. Due to his position he was deep inside me as he rubbed my clit. His thrusts were short and hard as he kept his cock buried to the hilt and his rubbing caused my clit to ache until finally I came. My body shuddered as I came and he moved his hands to my hips and held me tight as he went back to fucking me hard again. It was so intense, too intense in fact as I stopped licking Carol's pussy and dropped my head between her legs. But Tony just wouldn't stop until I had cum again, and he didn't have to wait long as my second orgasm in quick succession ripped through me.

The rest of the evening was a blur as I lost count of the amount of orgasms I had. Once Carol had cum she calmed down a bit and wasn't as dominant with me and I got to enjoy her tender touch for hours. I'm not quite sure how Tony managed it but he lasted a very long time before Carol and I led beneath him and watched as he covered our tits with his thick creamy spunk, which we later licked from each other.

I didn't stay the whole night but I did sleep for an hour or two before I left. Tony saw me to the front door and kissed me goodnight, but not before he fucked me doggy style at the bottom of the stairs and filled me with his cum.