 I had my first sexual experience with my best friend, Alison. We were having a sleepover one night, staying up late and talking about boys, when I admitted I had only kissed three boys thus far. Alison looked at me for a moment with a funny smile and then asked if I felt insecure about my kissing skills. I said I did. She then boldly asked if I would like to practice with her. She was a very pretty girl with blonde hair and blue eyes. I looked at her lips; they looked soft as she moistened them with her tongue.                          I thought, "why not?" and said, "I would like that." 

We were already lying on my bed, both dressed in our nighties. We moved closer to each other. In unison, we leaned toward each other and our lips came together. My heart was beginning to beat faster; her lips were soft and warm. Suddenly, her tongue was in my mouth caressing mine and I hesitated, not knowing what to do, until I realized my heart was really pounding and a surge of heat spread through me and seemed to center on my pussy. It was my first French kiss and I was loving it! 

I became the aggressor. I wrapped my arms around her and pulled her body tight against mine. Now, we were kissing passionately, both of us beginning to make little moaning noises as we pressed and rubbed our bodies together. I felt her hand cup my ass cheek, trying to pull me even closer. I had always admired her well-developed boobs and now I was wondering how it would feel to touch them. I moved my hand between her arms and slid it onto her left boob. She had removed her bra and the cloth was thin. Her boob was very warm and her nipple was taut and really pointing!

Alison jumped back. "What are you doing?" She asked, looking lustful from our torrid kissing, yet a little frightened.

"Your boobs have always looked so lovely, to me, and I've been somewhat envious, so I thought I would see if they were as wonderful as I had imagined."

Her face relaxed and a thin smile crossed her lips.

"Are they?" She teased. 

I pulled her closer to me. 

"I don't know, the only way I'll really know is if you take off your nightie so I can see them."

Her mouth dropped and a look of shock crossed her face momentarily, then she turned her eyes downward, like she was inspecting herself and thinking it over. She looked at my boobs, which were developed fairly well, and into my eyes. 

"You have to get undressed, too." She said, the thin smile returning. 

"Okay!" I said excitedly, "You first, though. I really want to see your boobs." 

She stood by the bed. She reached underneath her nightie and pulled her panties off her ass. She let them fall to her ankles and then stepped out of them. My eyes must have been bugging with anticipation because Alison laughed and said, "You're really anxious, aren't you?" 

"Yes, I am!" I said, "Now, quit teasing!" 

She pulled the nightie over her head and off in one quick motion, then stood naked, with brown, long, pointy nipples extending from firm, pear-shaped boobs that moved with her heavy breathing. 

"Wow! They're fantastic!" I exclaimed.

I started to look at her pussy, but she put a hand over it and turned around. I noticed her ass was perfectly shaped and rounded.

"What's wrong?" I asked, "Why did you turn around?" 

"I'm kind of embarrassed." She said, "My ---you know---well, it's all wet." 

"Oh!" I exclaimed. I slid across the bed and sat next to her. I put my hand on her warm, soft ass, lightly sliding my fingers between her cheeks. She looked at me. 

"So is mine." I said with a smile. "Now, turn around and let me get a good look." I insisted.

Alison turned toward me and my face was inches from her pussy. I had inspected mine with a mirror once while masturbating, but, this was much more fascinating. She was indeed wet, her swollen lips, glistening with moisture, open and exposed, were tantalizing. Her mons was covered with thin, light brown, downy hair and the smell of her was intoxicating. My heart was pounding madly and my desire was unleashed. 

I looked up at Alison and asked, “Can I touch you there?” 

Alison’s boobs were fully extended and rising and falling with her rapid breathing. She was also caught up in the moment. “Yes.” She softly responded. 

I put my hands on her hips and drew her even closer. I slid my right hand up along her inner thigh, then higher, until my fingertips slipped lightly between her moist lips. Alison tensed, then moaned loudly and thrust her hips forward to meet my touch. I began stroking her lightly up and down, just as I liked to do to myself when beginning to masturbate. My fingers were covered with her moisture. I looked at Alison. She had closed her eyes tightly and was caressing those fine nipples while rhythmically pressing her pussy into my hand. I thought she was probably well practiced at masturbation (as I was), by the look of her. I slid my left hand up and, pushing her hand aside, cupped her boob and pinched her nipple. 

“Ooohhh!” She groaned. 

I slipped my middle finger into her opening and gently worked it in and out. She had told me she lost her “virginity” to a Tampon, so I didn’t worry about that. Alison pumped her hips to meet my in and out motion. 

I was very aware of Alison’s excitement and allowed my thumb to flick her hardened clit, causing Alison to jerk with each caress, but my mind was filled with the thought of licking and tasting her and getting her off by my tongue. I had never even considered such a thing before this night, but I was enraptured in the moment and my body was on fire. I slid two more fingers into her and she began thoroughly humping them and making little whimpering sounds. I dropped my left hand onto her ass and pulled her to my face. Alison began to complain, until she felt my tongue slide over her clit. She stopped humping my fingers. 

“What are you . . . ooohhh, yes!” She cried, as I sucked her clit into my mouth and began tonguing it. 

I liked it! Heat coursed through my body as I fervently attended to Alison’s pussy. I didn’t know what I was doing, but I knew it was what I would have liked.

Alison grabbed my head and pressed her pussy to my mouth. I think she was also using my head for balance. I could tell her legs were wobbly from the throes of passion and I helped support her with my hand on her ass; she was getting close to coming. 

After a few minutes, she began thrusting her pussy uncontrollably into my face, grunting out short, one-syllable words, “Oh! Yea! Unh! Fuck! Oh! Shit!” 

I sucked even harder on her clit and pushed my fingers in and out of her as fast as I could while she writhed and shook in orgasmic bliss. 

Moments later she fell over onto the bed, completely satiated. She was still breathing hard and her eyes were closed. I looked at her flushed body, swollen nipples and pussy, and thought how beautiful she was. I wasn’t ashamed or embarrassed that I had just kissed, caressed, sucked and finger-fucked a young woman. I knew I would do it again. A new avenue had just opened in my life. 

Alison had fallen asleep. I stripped and lay on the bed beside her, placing one hand on an aching boob and the other in my very wet pussy, and began to masturbate intensely. I fantasized about Alison’s hands caressing my boobs and pinching my nipples and her face between my legs thoroughly licking.