 I think I first realised how painfully and hopelessly I had fallen in love with her when we were both 14. At the time, we both thought we could rule the world, and actually had very similar opinions about things. I loved it when she used to tell me how we were the same and we should do things together, be a part of things that only included us because only we had the same views.

Then, I was sitting there one day in Maths class and I suddenly felt this overwhelming need to kiss her. Had we not been in a room full of horny teenage boys, or school full stop, I think I would have found it incredibly hard not to kiss her, but we were, so I couldn't. But I thought about it when I went home that night and, over the coming weeks, I discovered that I was falling for one of my best friends.

Years passed and even though I grew apart from my other friends, things never really changed with her. 

We went to the same college together and then the time finally came where we had to go our separate ways to different Uni's and live apart from one another. I was distraught, to say the least at this prospect. I would never get the chance to tell her how I felt.

We had both had various boyfriends and, even though she knew I felt very close to her, I didn't really think she knew the exact depth of my feelings for her. Hell! She probably thought I was as straight as an arrow, just like everyone else did.

And then the night came for the college leavers 'do, and it didn't really matter anymore.

I decided to dress up. It was our last real night together and neither of us had dates so were kind of going with each other in a purely friends kinda way, unfortunately for me. 

Lucy had always been a bit of a tomboy, I suppose. Whilst everyone else was straightening their hair and applying mascara, she brushed her fringe into some kind of organised mess and made fun out of how artificial we all were being. It's one of the things that made me love her. I used to watch her run to get the ball in Basketball with agility I could only dream of and imagined fondling her beautiful body that her sports clothes only made me want more.

So, as you can imagine, I wasn't really expecting much when I drove by her house to pick her up. Man, was that stupid of me because she must have noticed the way I was looking at her as she opened the door. My breath caught in my throat as she gazed into my eyes and it took everything I could muster to nonchalantly say 'Hi,' and tell her she had took ages to answer the door. She looked beautiful. Her hair was tied to the back of her head, apart from a few ringlets that had escaped to the front and casually framed her face. Her make up was flawless and her eyes shone brightly from behind her mascara. Her dress was long and cream coloured and glistened as it hugged against her curves in all the right places.

"Hey, ginge, nice to see you, too" she said. Ginge was what she called me - she knew it pissed me off.

"You're so funny," I told her, laying on the sarcasm thick and heavy.

"I know!" she said, smiling and batting her eyelashes in a way that honestly was a bit creepy, but just made me want to hold her in my arms and kiss her like there was no tomorrow.

We listened to the radio on the way there and she told me what a cow she thought her mum was - as per usual for her conversation and then we got there.

I was ready to settle in for an evening of watching ex-boyfriends slow dance to George Michael with their dates (ie. play tonsil tennis with hopelessly slutty girls) when I came back with our drinks but Lucy had another idea.

"Yo, ginge, let's dance" and before I knew it I was being whisked off my feet by her strong body and we were grooving away to some fast Bloc Party track.

I loved it but then the music slowed down and everyone grabbed their partner to slow dance again. I turned to go back and sit down, but she grabbed my hand and told me she wanted to slow dance, too. Well, who was I to refuse that offer?

She pulled me against her, and even though our bodies barely touched, sparks flew from me towards her. Thank God she couldn't read minds. I felt her rest her head on my shoulder and I tried to hide how sharply she made me exhale. Her head fitted so nicely there, it was like it was made purely to fill that spot.

I wasn't really sure what I was doing, but I lowered my hands down her back and gently pulled her towards me. I felt very little resistance and was so excited by what was happening, that I probably wouldn't have noticed, even if there was any.

I was breathing very heavily as I felt her slowly move her head around and delicately kiss the soft skin of my neck.

I froze.

I don't know why, but I just did. I couldn't do anything. This was what I had wanted for so long and now I had just blown it all by freezing on her. Unsure, I took a step back, which was followed by another tentative step back, followed by another and then I was running out of the college sports hall altogether.

I thought I heard her call my name, but it could have been anyone - I wasn't listening.

I found myself in the Art block, huddled against a cupboard door, bawling my eyes out and not really caring what I now looked like - even though I knew I had put on enough mascara to mean I could probably now pass for a messy version of Alice Cooper.

Why had I done that? I was just so overwhelmed - so happy, I didn't know what to do or say or how to respond. I couldn't respond. Lucy thought I was freaked out by what she did, but I really was over the moon.

I heard footsteps. Shit! No one could see me like this - I took a deep breath and attempted to stop crying. Then I was her face at the door and a whole new wave came over me.

"Jesus, Katy, I was fucking worried!"

"I'm, uh, I'm sorry Luce," She looked at me studying my face and my hunched body, took a deep breath and then sat down next to me.

"No, I'm sorry. Very sorry. I shouldn't have done that in there. But... you need to know, Katy, that's how I feel about you. I couldn't keep it in anymore." She bit her lip and looked up at me from under her hair that had tumbled out of it's neat formation. "Come here," she said and pulled me into a deep, warm hug, that only made me cry more. "Maybe we should forget about this and just be friends, yeah?"

I bit my lip. Scared shitless about what I was about to say. 

"Luce, I don't think I can do that."

"Oh,"

"I can't do it - I know I can't"

"Right,"

"Because friends can't do stuff like this, can they?"

"Like wh-" she began.

But I had already pressed my lips against hers and met them mid-question with the hunger and desire that had been bubbling inside of me for years.

She tasted so good - like everything you could possibly imagined rolled into one and then a bit better than that, too. The kiss was soft and fun and said exactly what I knew words couldn't. I pulled away.

"Lucy McCormack," I said, then gently pulled her bottom lip between mine and affectionately pulled at it. "Lucy McCormack... I love you so fucking much."

And with that, I pulled her body flush against mine and we kissed each other like we had never been kissed before. She ran her hands through my hair and I smoothly massaged the small of her back with my hands.

We were lying down and I rolled us over so that I was on top of her.

Carefully, I slid my hands behind her back and pulled the zip of her dress down and in one sharp tug, had the whole beautiful garment off her body.

I has seen her in her underwear before, but this time was different. This time her beautiful breasts were steadily heaving up and down, filling out her bra in a way that was meant just for me. It was for my eyes only.

* * * * *

Chapter 2 Coming Soon

Sorry to end it so abruptly, but I just want to know if people like it before I put any of the sex in. Would appreciate your comments!

Thanks!

Katy xxx 