 I met Amy on the first day of school. She sat next to me in homeroom. She was new to town and did not know anyone. I smiled at her and introduced myself. She smiled back. I suggested that we have lunch together and said that I would introduce her to some of my friends. She said that would be fun. 

We had first period English class together so I sat next to her. Our teacher recognized that she was knew and asked her to introduce herself. She stood and acted shy and explained that her dad had gotten a transfer to a new job in town and she had been here only two weeks and didn't really know anyone. 

There was something very special about Amy. She was pretty but not drop dead gorgeous. In fact she was a lot like me: short, slender, small tits, short blond hair, and blue eyes. We could have been twins. 

After having homeroom, classes, and lunch together several times, I suggested that we work on our social studies homework together. She liked the idea because neither one of us liked our social studies teacher. 

As it turned out, she only lived two blocks from me and we went to my house to do our homework since it would be quiet. She had an older brother who had a lot of friends and they would have made too much noise. I just had my mom and sometimes one of her boyfriends to contend with, so it was usually very peaceful at my place. 

After we had finished the stupid homework assignment we started talking about personal things like sex. Like me, she was not a virgin. She had sucked cock and had been fucked. She said she liked it. I told her I did too. She asked if I had a boyfriend. I was frank. "No I do not." 

"Why not?" she asked.

"I don't know," I answered. "I guess I have not met anyone special." 

"Yeah. Me too," she replied. 

Amy and I were looking forward to Friday night because two guys had asked us out on a date. One was old enough to drive which meant that we did not have to rely on parents to take us to the Cineplex at the mall. The movie was dumb, but I didn't care because my date was playing with my tits with one hand and rubbing my pussy with the other. I had his cock out of his shorts and I was giving him a really good hand job. Amy was doing the same with her date. Fortunately the movie house was not full and we had the back row to ourselves. 

I made the guy cum and Amy did the same for her date. Then she suggested that we blow this place and find someplace where we could be alone. Amy's date drove us to the lake. There were blankets in the back of the car that we took into the woods surrounding the lake. The sex began immediately. I took my tank top off and pulled my panties down as fast as my date could get his shorts off. Despite the fact that I had made him cum only a half an hour ago his cock was rock hard. I sucked on it for a while until he pushed me back on the blanket and tried to enter me. I stopped him and reached for a condom in my purse. He protested but finally gave in. Within seconds he was inside of me. Unfortunately he came within seconds leaving me totally unsatisfied. Amy's date didn't last much longer. The sex for both of us was over too quickly. They drove the two of us back to my place. 

My mom was out of town with one of her girlfriends. So we had the place to ourselves. I suggested that Amy call her parents and see if she could sleep over. She liked that idea, made the call, and got approval. 

We were sitting on the sofa watching some dumb movie when I noticed that Amy's hand was rubbing the front of her panties. Her eyes were closed and she seemed to be enjoying herself. I figured I'd do the same. 

"He didn't get you off did he?"

"No damn it," I replied. 

"Well then let me do it for you," she said.

"What?" I asked.

"Here let me rub you," she said pushing my hand away from the front of my panties rubbing her fingers up and down my wet labia through the fabric of my panties. 

"I don't know about this Amy," I protested. 

"Just relax," she said. "Let me get you off."

By that time I was so turned on I just let her keep rubbing me. The next thing I knew she was kissing gently on my lips and I was kissing her back. Her fingers had pulled the front of my panties aside and two of them had found their way inside of me to discover that special spot which really got my juices flowing. 

By now our kissing had intensified into long, deep French kisses and I was beginning to have a series of orgasms, small at first but building with each new one. 

She removed her lips from mine and dove between my legs. Her tongue began licking my clit as her fingers rubbed the spot inside of me. She kept giving me one orgasm after another until I finally past out. 

I don't know how long I was out for but when I awoke she was holding me in her arms. She had removed my tank top and was gently rubbing my breasts as she licked my neck. 

Noticing that I was conscious she took my hand and put it under her short skirt. I touched the front of her panties and they were very wet. 

"Put some fingers inside of me," she ordered. 

I pulled the front of her panties aside and did as I was told.  I wasn't exactly sure about what to do but I guessed I'd do to her what I did to myself when I masturbated. Well what ever I was doing seemed to be working because she was beginning to have little orgasms. She started kissing me again and I really liked it. Then she stopped kissing me and said, "Lick me."

I froze, not sure about what to do next. I had thought about doing this with another girl but never really had the chance. I figured if she could do it for me I could do it for her. So I knelt between her legs and pulled the front of her panties aside. I marveled at how beautiful her vagina looked. Her labia were swollen and juice trickled from between them. Getting up my courage, I ran my tongue between her outer lips. Her juices tasted wonderful. I opened her lips with my fingers to discover a very swollen clitoris. I licked it a few times and then locked my lips around it and began to suck. With my fingers deep inside of her and my lips sucking on her clit, I was making her have some really intense orgasms. She kept screaming "Don't stop and her body would tense, then relax, and then tense again. I didn't keep count but I think I made her cum ten times before she screamed "Enough."

I held her in my arms as she relaxed, marveling at the fact that I loved the smell of her and the softness of her skin. 

"Why don't we do this again," she said, "but this time nice and slow and in bed."

I got up, picked up stray pieces of clothes and walked to my bedroom. She followed, taking all of her clothes off on the way. Inside my bedroom, I removed my clothes. She walked up to me and put her hands on my ass, pulling my pelvis into her's. She kissed me gently at first and then more deeply. My hands went to her ass and began rubbing it. 

She moved the two of us over onto the bed where we laid on our sides kissing and playing with each other's tits. I could not believe that I was actually having sex with another girl. It was something that I had fantasized about many times and with some considerable shame. I was afraid that I might be a lesbian but then again, I did like cock. I liked to suck cock and I loved having a cock inside of me. Funny thing though I was not really into kissing guys, but I sure as hell loved kissing Amy.