 This little story is a "quickie." (Not that kind of quickie.) If you've read "C.F.N.F. Club," you've met one of these two m.c.s. Enjoy.

*****

Steal Of A Deal, Or, "Gift" Exchange

Saturday, May 27th, 2017, 11:02 a.m.

The morning was happy, spry and young. The sunlit hours saw the outdoors shared by ever so many, it being the start of one more great spring weekend. If one were to zoom down from an aerial view of the city, over the Juniper Falls Expressway connecting the metropolis to the regular business district, one might spot a topless royal blue convertible Cabriolet en route to the Juniper Mall.

The car was being driven by Stella Starr, a freelance journalist who lived and worked downtown. She had the day off and a meeting of her women's club later today, and felt like doing some window shopping in the killable time. She parked and entered via Tempra, one of the mall's anchors, and a retailer grown by a young entrepreneur called Alice Tempra. She was of Japanese descent, and saw a need for a store that fused fashions: hot, stylish American apparel with a splash of Asian flavor. Consumers and customers alike approved. Twenty years' and a dozen locales' worth of impressive sales figures later, the enterprise continued to thrive.

Stella browsed admiringly. She was a little short on funds at the moment, so she didn't plan on making a purchase. But this didn't mean she couldn't pluck product here and there, pay a visit to the fitting rooms and play dress-up. She kind of hoped she'd find something pretty, so the store could earmark it for her and she could buy it later. And at the same time, she kind of hoped she didn't find anything, so she wouldn't have to wait. Stella and delayed gratification did not get along.

Tempra's garments were sectioned by type, wearer, nuance, and sale status. Being a futchy lesbian who liked pretty much anything in her size, Stella boasted a vast wardrobe, but remained particular and exacting in her choice of purchase. She had to be. Not nearly as generously sized were the closets of the proverbial poor house—making it tough to go into them, let alone come out. No, this had to remain a mere window shopping trip. She combed and pawed at display racks, noting prices and sizes in her head, where she drew up a "yes/no/maybe" column. Ten minutes, several "no"s and a lot of "maybe"s later, her attention was referred elsewhere.

"Good morning, ma'am! May I help you find something today?"

Stella hated being called "ma'am," but not enough to let it ruin her day. She understood the employee was just being polite and professional. And "ma'am" remained nicer than certain other words disallowed in civilized company. She turned to regard the fellow ma'am asking to assist her. She was an innocent and wholesome-looking brunette, with a full face behind a pair of sizable eyeglasses on a band. She appeared about early- to mid-30s, close to Stella's age. Stella felt she looked a bit young to be assuming the "librarian" look, but was a creature of graciousness and said not. Instead, she dropped her gaze to the associate's sternal region, where her nametag lived. TRISSA is here to help you! it said. Stella reached for her hand.

"Well hi there, and a good morning to you...Trissa," Stella greeted with a quasi-friendly/quasi-flirty smile. "Stella. How do you do?"

"Oh. Well..." Clearly not used to such inquiries as a retail rep, Trissa was a skosh aback. But charmed.

"...Well, of course, I do just about as well as anyone else, ma'am: prone to the same ups and downs in life and all..."

"Eh, yeah..." chuckled Stella, shoving the irritation back at bay. "My name's Stella, by the way," she hintingly repeated.

"Nice to make your acquaintance," curtsied Trissa. "So then, are we looking for anything special?"

"Well, I dunno about 'we,'" Stella smiled. "But, maybe you could show me the recent stuff? It's been a while since I last dropped in."

"Oh, absolutely, ma'am! Let's start over here!"

Grrr... "Yeah, that-that's Stella, like I said, sweetheart. First-name basis is okay. I won't tell your boss."

So Trissa took Stella about, doing her own demonstrative display-plucking to illustrate Tempra's hottest summer threads. Stella gave each garment a thorough examination, mentally rating on her own scale of cuteness, sophistication, and complement to her skin tone. She decided she wouldn't mind owning about a third of the things Trissa showed her. But aside from her executive election not to spend money today, taking home all these articles was unkind treatment to her wallet and budget.

In the meanwhile, she also secretly admired Trissa. Those massive spectacles obscured her pulchritude. Maybe that was why she wore them, to deliberately "frump" herself up (down). As if folks wouldn't regard her as a professional if all they could see was her comely kisser. Of course, if she needed them she needed them, but Stella couldn't help wishing she could see the chick's face without those third and fourth eyes. Her other appealing features were unimpeded. Her chestnut hair was straight and thick, with more than a hint of wave. Her light skin looked soft and delicate. Her moderate-sized breasts pleasingly filled out her figure in her apron. And when her mouth opened to a smile, out came a series of pearly whites that just beckoned to be...tongued.

"...Ma'am?"

Stella felt herself rudely jolted from her reverie. Trissa was staring at her.

"...Did I lose you?"

Stella gave her head a shake, rejecting that last one loose. She gently took Trissa by the upper arms.

"Lady...Trissa," she corrected herself. "Listen to me, please. I'm sorry, I don't mean to be impolite, but I really don't like to be called 'ma'am.' My name is Stel-la. STEL-la. Like...like Groove Back. McCartney. Kowalski. Did you see Streetcar Named Desire? Please don't make me pull a Brando in the middle of this semi-crowded store to get my point across."

Trissa blinked.

"I'm sorry, ma—er...St-Stella...I'm just really used to 'sir' and 'ma'am.' They like us to be especially respectful and professional here."

"That-and that's fine, honey, you should. But I'm sure they also want you to honor your customers' wishes in this...department," she chortled. "No pun intended. Seriously, though, no kidding, pleeeeease...call me Stella."

Her salesgirl hostess slowly, uncertainly nodded. "...I'll do my best. Would you like to see some more items?"

So Trissa led Stella further along. They passed by the exit where the store let out to the main mall. Its restaurants lay close outside. When the store was acquired and built, the mall managers had thought ahead and placed it near the food court. They thought the name Tempra might make shoppers hungry. So they too made sure to include a Sakura with the other eateries. It was an appropriate time of day to notice. The appetizing scents teased the girls' noses and awoke their tummies as they strode by. Stella grinned as she inhaled the mouth-watering aroma. Again, she partly wished she had some spendable money to eat here. But it was fine; her club meeting was at 4:00, and though still a few hours away, she didn't want to spoil her appetite. Well, this appetite.

Trissa paused in her tracks, looking around, tapping her chin. "And...let's see, what else've we got to show you..."

Stella glanced off in another direction. She did a triple-take. And wordlessly wandered off in the direction her eyes took her.

"M—...Stella?" asked Trissa.

Stella spied a garment that stood out amid its competitors. It grew only more flashy and beautiful as she neared. It was a deep crimson yukata dress printed with a silver crescent-shaped pattern. A more subtle floral pattern was also melted into the base hue. Despite the dark color and the forearm-length sleeves, she could tell it was summer-perfect: soft, airy, billowy and heat-resistant. It would keep the wearer cool while shielding enough skin to protect from sunburn. Stella took a sleeve and evaluated the texture.

"Oh wow," she breathed. Trissa followed, taking the other sleeve.

"Oh, I remember this!" she told Stella. "It actually came in last year. I guess this is one of those rare cases where a piece survived our little annual recycle. $57.99, marked down from triple digits. Beauty, isn't it?"

"It's perfect..." gushed Stella. "It's...it's gorgeous, it's sleek, it's light as a feather..."

Trissa took it off the display rack and held it just in front of Stella's body.

"I bet it would look beautiful on you. Would I be terribly rude to ask your size?"

"You would not. I'm an 8."

"Oh now, you've gotta be kidding. I would've put you at a 6, tops."

While this may have been merely a sales technique, her comment instantly made Stella feel wonderful.

"...Trissa, honey, do you have a quota for the amount of sales you make? I'd like to help you blow it outta the water."

Trissa giggled, checking and then showing her the tag. "Well, if you really are an 8...would you like to try it on?"

...Ohhhhhh, I think I just wet myself...in a good way.

"...You really think it'd look nice on me?"

"Oh, absolutely! I could totally see you rocking this."

So could Stella herself. Her heart accelerated in the top she began today with. So, on a day Stella decided to visit the store, this one unique yukata just happened to have slept over since last year, was still here for purchase—discounted—and in her size.

"I...suppose it couldn't hurt to throw it on and see..."

Trissa showed her to the fitting room. This was a part of her job she very much enjoyed. She got to sit and take a nice break while on the clock. She retained the option to help others, but part of her job was seeing to customers' fittings and encouraging them towards the registers. Trissa really valued and liked her job, and especially such elements as this. After several moments passed, she called.

"Ma'am? Er—'scuse me, sorry. Stella? Everything going okay?"

Oops! "Uh—just beautiful, T.! Just..."

Stella'd discarded her clothing, taking time admiring her nude figure in the mirror. Distracted by the reflection of her hot naked bod, she'd momentarily forgotten about the yukata. To be brutally honest, she was embarrassed. Trissa had caught her—only through the door, thank goodness—as she was about to part her pussy with one hand and play with it with the other. She often amused herself with a vocalization she'd heard from gentlemen on women's bodies. They said that if they had boobs—and/or a pussy—that they'd just be home playing with it/them all day. Stella didn't know how true this was of other women—she guessed it varied—but she certainly spent her fair share of time toying with her goodies. Maybe she was a dude in a lesbian's body, she thought with a chuckle.

"I'm just trying it on now, Triss!" she called, doing so.

Really? thought Trissa. It's been, like, a few minutes already...but it's not really my place to point that out to customers.

"...Okay. Well...I'll be right here; just let me know if you need any help with anything!"

"Will do!"

Trissa sat outside the fitting room, frankly hoping Stella would like help with something. Symmetry examination, stubborn zipper, personal opinion...Trissa could come to assistance with any of these. Moreover, being helpful was embedded in her nature. She treasured the sensation. It was so rewarding. And she had the feeling a client such as Stella could increase her rewarding factor. The lass seemed different from most who turned up in her house of employ. She seemed gracious, outgoing, charming...and to make Trissa feel her job mattered. Most of the time, sad to say, her job felt thankless. Even a bit empty. But this was her source of income. Her means of carving out a living. She couldn't walk away from it, and also couldn't do anything to jeopardize it. And...yet...

She took a look back out to the store, and saw no one immediately near. She slowly let herself to her knees, leaned down, and peeked under the fitting room door. Through the shadow, she could make out Stella's bare feet. They shifted about as she moved, curling, wrinkling up her soles every so often. Gosh, they were nice, thought Trissa (wondering why she was admiring Stella's feet of all things and then deciding because it was all she could see of her). Nice enough to...

Above her left eyebrow cropped a bead of sweat, which turned straightaway into a column. Telling herself it was because she was hunched down like this and for no other reason, Trissa pushed back up. Meanwhile on the other side, Stella had just finished adorning her body with the yukata. Oh, it looked fantastic. Turning to see it from all angles, her smile grew, and would not go away. "Erm...ma'am? Er—sorry...sorry, Stella. I meant Stella."

Stella's facial expression altered dramatically. She made a motion with her hands as if squeezing or crushing something in them. She sighed, wishing there were some way to...to...

Gasp. Her brain clicked. A wonderful idea sprang to mind. Oh, how...how wonderful! But...

Had she the guts to do it?

She undid the latch on the fitting room door and opened it. When Trissa saw her, she let out her own gasp.

"Wow!" she exclaimed. "You l—"

Stella abruptly leered at her. She took hold of Trissa's wrist, feistily pulled her inside, and re-shut the door.

"Wh—oh! Wha—ma—er, Stella, wh-what's going on?"

Stella drew Trissa in closer to her.

"I'll tell you what's going on, sales-lady," Stella lowly sneered, holding and rubbing Trissa's arms. "I'm gonna loosen you up. You're a young lady, hon, but kinda tightly wound. I think you're a bit wired like a chaste, uptight biddy. And I think your mind's kinda clouded. Hence my desire not to be called 'ma'am' not exactly getting through. Soooooo...I'm gonna see if I can help ya with that."

Trissa's bemused eyes darted to and fro. "...I don't understand."

A nod. "'Kay, then I'll simplify it for ya—"

Stella released Trissa's left arm with her right hand, dropped it about two feet, and grabbed her left tush cheek.

"I'm seducing your ass."

GASP! This blew Trissa's previous gasp out of the water.

"OH—...o-oh my goodness!" she cried as silently as she could muster. "St—m—S-Stella...this is...really inappropriate."

Stella grinned wickedly into Trissa's alarmed eyes. "Tough." She kissed her.

"Mmm!" Trissa squealed through the kiss. She tried to gently push Stella off and away, but the lady was adamant. Stella held on to her until she felt her point was made, and let the kiss break. Assessing her results, she was pleased. Trissa's lips were smeared and smudged in Stella's deep red lipstick. Her now flushed cheeks had turned pink, and her eyes looked dizzy. Stella's grin spread.

"Enjoy that, did'ya?"

Trissa's eyes refocused. As...wonderful as she had to admit that felt...

"Stella..." she murmured, "I...I-I can't do this! I'm at work! I'll get in trouble!"

"I'll get you out of it," Stella assured. "I have a way with people. A talent, you could call it, for getting folks to do what I..."

With her thumb and first two fingers, she pressed into Trissa's pussy through her pants, and applied pressure.

"...Want them to do."

Trissa's breaths and breasts heaved. Her heart began racing. Her yukata-clad customer peered at her with smoky eyes.

"Sit on the seat with me."

"But...but..." Trissa whimpered.

"But nothin'," vetoed Stella, inching on her, planting small, hot kisses along her jaw, leaving more lipstick. "The sweet lady Stella's gonna give you a nice orgasm, and put you in a great mood for the rest of the day. Now park it."

"But, but...Stella, I'm...I'm scared!" Trissa finally confided. "I'm not supposed to have sex at work! I'm gonna get in so much trouble! I could get fired! I could even get arrested!"

"So we'll say you were on your lunch break," Stella leered, reaching for the front of Trissa's slacks. She began to unfasten them.

"I am not gonna let you get fired, Triss. You're just gonna have to have faith in me and trust me."

Without another word, Stella kissed her once more. Extra passionately. At the same time, she whipped down Trissa's now undone pants. The very surprised and frightened lass gave a low yelp through the kiss and reached to pull them back up. But Stella claimed and clasped her wrists, placing them back to the wall. Trissa's heart was pounding, but she was fighting a losing struggle—an uphill battle so steep, its slope may as well have been undefined. She allowed Stella to at least coax her down on the fitting room's bench.

"'At's a girl...good girl, 'at's my girl," Stella steamily praised between kisses, losing breath herself. She snaked her left arm around Trissa's neck and shoulders to cradle her, and climbed further up. She felt Trissa slip her own arms around her. She peeled her lips off the most recent time, seeing a face caked in lipstick. She made sure her left paw could reach as far around as possible.

"Okay now, Trissa, honey, this is gonna be the hard part."

Trissa panted, trying to catch her breath. She looked up. "...Huh?"

Stella nodded with those silky, sultry eyes, in that lovely yukata...easing her right hand beneath Trissa's moistening panties.

"Yes, ma'am," she deliberately declared. "I'm gonna need you to keep quiet. But I'll help ya. Observe."

She curled the fingers of her left hand over Trissa's mouth, as her right traversed the skin of her awakened pussy. Trissa understood. She wanted to scream, but made herself hold back. But she couldn't keep this bottled, so she let it out via a long, low grooooooan.

Stella approved. "Goooood girl...that's my girl," she reiterated.

Stella rubbed and stroked her, delicate yet aggressive. Trissa let her eyes close and roll back in her head, which she burrowed against the wall. Her worries faded to evaporation. She couldn't remember when she'd ever been touched like this. It felt beyond incredible. It was as if Stella read her mind. She waited just the right amount of time so Trissa acclimated to the current sensations, before pressing her digits deeper...entering her...centimeter by centimeter. More moans came. Their dynamics remained controlled enough that Stella loosened her grasp over Trissa's mouth. Her other set of lips, however, she went in on harder and tighter.

"MMMM..."

Stella felt Trissa "pre-cum" on and around her fingers.

"That's it," she verbally caressed, their lips mere inches apart. She nubbed the soft cartilage of Trissa's nose with her own. "That's it, baby. That's it, honey. Just let it happen." Another kiss, which Trissa willfully returned. Stella felt Trissa's hands slip under her yukata. One stroked her back, while the other slipped up the front and found a stiff nipple.

"Mm!" Stella reacted through the liplock. She broke it as silently as possible and grinned.

"There we go! That's the spirit!" she congratulated. She took a quick breath and seared Trissa's mouth in another fiery kiss, pushing through with her tongue. This kiss also served the purpose of muffling her...as Stella proceeded to force access in, and frig her off.
