 This is a lesbian version of the story Accidents Will Happen -- The Great Art Gallery Robbery

As always, your constructive comments are welcome.

Accidents Will Happen, "How The Butterfly Tamed The Wildcat"

"TURN IT OFF! Jerri, TURN IT OFF!" Mandy said as the butterfly vibrator went into maximum vibration mode sending jolt after jolt of pleasure to her clit.

Jerri and Mandy had known each other since college. To split their expenses, they had shared an apartment together while they were in college but their relationship had always been platonic.

After college, it just seemed financially convenient to continue to share the apartment while they both worked various jobs trying to pay off their considerable student loan debt. 

Despite the fact that they had been living together five years after they graduated, their relationship was still platonic and they were close but good friends.

Each had dated other people never seeming to find anyone they liked enough for more than a one-night stand. Neither wanted to jeopardize their friendship by becoming intimate, not that each had not thought about it. 

Mandy, whose face was average in appearance, had long blond hair, a very shapely ass and nice firm breasts that would have made a Playboy Bunny envious. They definitely got Jerri's attention whenever she was not wearing a bra. Which was usually most of the time she was not working.

Jerri had a slightly better than average face, but the average body of a woman who worked in an office all the time and never seemed to have enough time to work out. Jerri was not overweight; she was just too unremarkable in any way except one; she had the most beautiful brown eyes that when a woman noticed them she became lost in them.

They had both come to value the other's friendship too much to jeopardize it. Each was afraid that if they became intimate it would be the end of their relationship. 

As time progressed, both Jerri and Mandy were silently aware that it was becoming increasingly difficult to restrain their ever growing attraction to each other.

One day, after an especially bad day at work, Jerri walked into the apartment and flopped down on her favorite chair. Her face was fuming with anger. Mandy, who had the day off from her job as a software programmer for a local bank, was sitting on the couch reading a book. She looked up at Jerri worried. Mandy had never seen the usually calm Jerri this angry before so she asked, "What's the matter, Jerri?"

"Those son-of-a-bitchs are outsourcing the Database Team, and after that the Desktop Support Team. It wont be long before someone figures out how to outsource Network Administration." Being a well-paid Network Administrator, the last part was sure to leave Jerri without a job.

Mandy thought about it for a minute and then, putting down the book she had been reading, said to Jerri, "Look Jerri, why don't we go into business together? I'm tired of working for other people and watching them get rich off of my hard work. I'll bet we've got enough money between the two of us. What do you think?"

Both of them had finished paying off their student loan debts about two years ago and they had been banking every spare penny they made in anticipation of settling down someday. 

Jerri thought about it for a couple of seconds; then said, "Sure, why not!"

Between the two of them, they had accumulated quite a sum of money. And so, for a couple of weeks each independently searched the Internet looking for a business model that they could both afford but would have a good chance of succeeding.

Finally, one afternoon, they sat down together to discuss what they had discovered.

They looked at each other hesitantly; then, almost in unison they both said, "Let's go into the sex toy business." They laughed at having come up with the same idea. 

They were both pleasantly surprised and happy that neither was shocked at the other's idea. But after all, how could either of them be shocked? They both had the same idea. And so they decided to become entrepreneurs in the sex toy business.

They spent the next two months occupied with the tasks of finding a store to rent, buying advertisements, setting up a website, and ordering stock, plus a myriad of other tasks that starting a new business requires.

It was a Friday night and they were working late unpacking, stocking and placing on displays a huge selection of assorted dildos, vibrators, adult DVD's and other items to numerous to mention. While neither said anything to the other, they were each intrigued by the sheer variety and potential uses for the erotic merchandise they were handling. Being surrounded by all that erotic material only served to remind them that it had been quite some time since they had shared the intimacy of another person. And so, as the night progressed, they were each becoming very horny.

Jerri had just finished stocking one of the DVD racks and was hoping Mandy would not notice how erect her nipples had been for the past several hours when Jerri heard a truck pull up in the alley leading to the back door of their store. She turned to Mandy and said, "Nobody delivers this late."

Mandy, placed another DVD on a shelf, turned to Jerri and said, "Maybe it's the garbage pickup, they run about this time don't they?"

"Damn, you're right! I completely forgot. Help me get these empty boxes out back before they pull off or the damn things will be in our way all weekend, will you?" Jerri exclaimed.

She put down a rabbit vibrator, grabbed a hand full of the flattened boxes, and followed Jerri into the back of the store.

When they got there, they did not find a garbage truck as they had expected. Instead, parked, its rolling back door open was what appeared to be a medium sized rental truck. 

"Turn around slowly and don't do anything stupid!" They heard a man's voice say from behind them. 

When they did, they saw a man and woman standing in the corner of the alley near the door through which they had just come. The strangers were both dressed in white overalls similar to those used by a local moving company. Each stranger also was wearing a cheap plastic Lone Ranger masks on their faces. The masks were similar to those you might buy for Halloween. But most importantly, the strangers were holding pistols aimed directly at Jerri and Mandy. The woman was holding a canvas bag similar to that used by carpenters to carry their tools.

"Walk inside, both of you and don't say a word." the man told them pointing his pistol in the direction of the door.

After they were all inside the man closed the door behind them.

"OK, here's the way its going to be, we are going to help ourselves to some of the paintings that the art store next door has been kind enough to collect for us so we are going to be here for a couple of hours. Behave yourselves and nobody will get hurt; don't, and well, I think you get the picture." he said aiming her pistol directly at Jerri's head.

His companion had set the canvas bag down and was walking around the store while the male robber was talking to them. 

"Over here Mr. Black! This will do fine." the voluptious felon said and then she walked over to cover them while her companion walked into the storage room. 

He looked around the store room, then said to her, "Yup, Mrs. White, this is perfect. OK, bring them in here."

Somehow, Jerri suspected the Mr. Black and Mrs. White were not their real names.

Mrs. White picked up her bang, pointed in the direction of the store room with her pistol, said "Move it!" and then followed Jerri and Mandy as they walked into the closet. 

She then opened the bag and lay several links of chain and several combination locks onto the carpeted floor.

Then she turned to Mandy and Jerri and said, "The art gallery next door has kindly collected some rather kinky paintings for us. Wasn't that so kind of them? " Mr. Black chuckled. She continued, "We can't have you nice people calling the police while we are next door helping removing their excess inventory; it would just spoil our night. And, we are going to be too busy to watch you." 

Mandy looked at Jerri with terror on her face as the female stranger continued, "Don't worry, play nice and we won't hurt you. We are just going to leave you here tied up while we work." 

"When we leave we will give you the keys to the locks, but it will take you a while to get free. Now, just so you wont be in a big hurry to escape and run to the nearest phone, strip!" she said to them. 

Mandy looked at the busty felon and said indignantly, "No fucking way BITCH!"

Mifted, the the woman simply looked Mandy straight in the eyes and said, "You've got quite a mouth on you haven't you? Especially for someone looking at the business end of a weapon. We'll, I guess I'll just have to come up with a way to keep you busy while we are next door. Now I'm only going to say this one more time," she paused, then continued, "Strip! PLEASE!" And with that she aimed her weapon directly at Mandy's face.

"Oh, yeah, take everything off." Jerri and Mandy stood there in shock. "Of course, if you wish, I am sure Mr. Black will be glad to help you." She said smiling.

Mandy had taken off everything hoping no one would notice how wet the crotch of her baby-blue panties were. 

Jerri was down to her panties when she paused, hesitating.

Mrs. White looked down at the large wet spot in the front of Jerri's panties and said, "Go ahead, as soaked as your girlfriend's panties are, I thing she's going to enjoy seeing it."

Reluctantly, Jerri pulled down her pink panties exposing her glistening wet pussy to Mandy. Mandy stared at it for a few seconds and then turned away.

"Cover them, all these nice toys have given me an idea." Mrs. White said to her partner in crime and left the room. 

She returned about a minute later with a package containing one of those strap-on butterfly vibrators that have wireless remote controls, a couple of double " A " batteries and a roll of packing tape. 

Upon seeing what the full figured felon had in her hands, Mr. Black snickered and said to her companion, "Playing Matchmaker again?"

"What can I say? I can't help myself Besides, I really don't like being called bitch." and with that, she put the batteries in the remote and pushed the power button causing it to make a humming sound as it vibrated in her hands. Apparently satisfied it worked she turned it off. Then she pulled off a piece of packing tape from the roll and folded it into a loop sticky side out. She took the piece of tape and stuck it to the back of the remote and then used the tape to secure the remote to the outside of the vibrator. After that, she handed it to Mandy and said to her, "Put it on!"

"What the hell for?" Mandy asked her shocked.

With a wicked grin on her face the female robber replied, "Maybe the experience of having this little butterfly on your pussy will teach you some manners; besides, I figure if you try too hard to wiggle out of your chains this will keep you busy. Now, PUT IT ON!"

Reluctantly, Mandy slipped her legs through the elastic straps of the harness and pulled it up.

Seeing that the butterfly vibrator was hanging inches too low, the female robber handed her pistol to her partner, and said to him "Hold this." 

She then grabbed the ends of the elastic straps and tugged hard on them tightening them which caused the vibrator to move upward. As it went up, the hook shaped soft rubber clit stimulator at the bottom of the vibrator slid right through Mandy's wet pussy lips lodging itself firmly between them and came to rest on the bottom of her clit. Mandy jerked in suprise as it made contact with her sensitive clit.

"Comfy?" asked the female robber but received no response. 

Taking her pistol back from her partner she said to Jerri, "Now Honey, get down there on your back and keep your arms at your side." 

Jerri lay down on the six-foot long pieces of chain. There were five of them. Two pieces of chain were under the small of her back, one under her ankles, one just below her buttocks, and one was under her neck.

The female robber took the chain under Jerri's ankles and wrapped it around them and secured it with a lock.

Looking at Mandy, she said, "It's your turn Honey now, get face down on your girlfriend."

"She's not my girlfriend." Mandy said and started turning to lay on Jerri face first when she felt a pistol poking her in the ribs.

"Oh no you don't, the other way!" she heard Mrs. White say.

"You've got to be kidding!" Mandy said shocked and turned slightly to look at the female robber.

"Do I look like I am kidding?", she responded this time poking Mandy's left nipple with her pistol.

Mandy got on her hands and knees on top of Jerri with her pelvis over Jerri's stomach.

"Nice try Honey! STOP WAISTING TIME AND DO IT RIGHT! YOU KNOW THE POSITION! NOW GET YOUR PUSSY OVER HER FACE!" she said impatiently.

And so, Mandy found herself looking down at Jerri's soaking wet pussy with a butterfly vibrator strapped to her own clit and her wet pussy just inches away from Jerri's mouth.

Pushing Mandy's back down until Mandy's tits were pressed against Jerri's stomach, Mrs. White secured the chains under the small of Jerri's back around both of them with one of the locks while leaving no more than an half of an inch of slack in the chain. She turned the chain so Jerri could reach the lock. 

Mrs. White then wrapped the chain under Jerri's neck around one of Mandy's ankles. Then she wrapped the other end around Mandy's other ankle, brought the end back under Jerri's neck, and locked the two ends together with one of the unused locks. 

After that, she wrapped one end of the remaining chain around Mandy's thigh just above the knee and locked it, then did the same thing to Mandy's other knee with the other end of the chain. 

Finally, she used the last chain, the one under Jerri's buttocks, to secure Mandy's wrists in a similar manner. While none of the chains were tight enough to cut off the flow of blood, they left almost no room for movement. 

She stood to admire her work. 

The whole time she had been binding them she kept the pistol in her hand, so both Jerri and Mandy were actually relieved when she was finished. 

Grabbing Jerri's pants and shirt, she rolled them up and placed them under Jerri's head pushing her face so close to Mandy's pussy that her nose almost touched it.

She looked at Jerri and said, "Now isn't that a beautiful view of your girlfriend's warm wet pussy, Honey? Wouldn't you like to just lick it until she comes all over your face?"

Mandy noticed Jerri's pelvis twitch toward her and Jerri's pussy became visibably wetter in response to the woman's words. Mandy couldn't resist saying, "I told you, she's not my girlfriend you bitch!"

Once again angered, the sexy robber said, "One more word out of you and I will turn the vibrator on and leave it running.", and to emphasize her point, she reached under Mandy's pussy and pushed the power button on the vibrator. Instantly it started vibrating Mandy's clit sending jolt after jolt of pleasure to it.

"OH GOD! STOP IT, TURN IT OFF!" Mandy pleaded.

Mrs. White waited a few more seconds until Mandy's pussy started undulating involuntarily causing pussy juice to run down her thighs to turn it off.

"Now not a peep out of either of you." said the female robber and then the two felons closed and exited the storage room.

Mandy panted a few minutes and finally said angrily, "Damn it! I don't care what she says. I'm not going to just lay here like this."

"I'm not sure that's a good idea Mandy; these chains are pretty tight." Jerri warned her.

"Well, you're not the one whose got a fucking vibrator strapped to your pussy are you?" and with that she started trying to wiggle the chains loose. 

She tried rolling her hips but that didn't help. Next she decided to try to wiggle her ankles free by moving them in and out but that didn't work either. Then Mandy decided to try moving them up and down but when she pulled up with her ankles, she pulled Jerri's face right into her pussy. This resulted in Jerri's chin hitting the power button on the remote turning it on.

"OHHHH GODDDD! TURN IT OFF! Jerri, TURN IT OFF!" and once again the machine started vibrating and sent jolt after jolt to her already swollen clit.

"HOW?" Jerri asked her.

"I DON'T CARE HOW! DO WHAT EVER YOU HAVE TO!" and then Mandy's pelvis began moving up and down and she said, "OHHH SHITTT!"

Jerri tried to use her nose to hit the power button again but Mandy ground her pelvis once again downward. This caused Jerri's face to be buried right into Mandy's pussy. Suddenly Mandy jerked her pelvis up again running Jerri's nose right through the furrow of her pussy.

"AHHHH! OHHHH! IT'S TOO MUCH!" Mandy said loudly.

"Mandy, you got to be quiet!" Jerri said fearing the robbers would return in anger.

"AHHHH! OHHHH GODDD! OHHH SHITTT!" Mandy cried again followed by, "I CAN'T HELP IT! IT'S BEEN SO LONG!"

Jerri was going to try again to turn off the vibrator. But, this time as she tried to move her face under Mandy's pelvis to get a better angle at the button, Mandy rotated her pelvis down and then upward causing the slider on the remote to slide upwards all the way. 

The machine started to vibrate at its maximum level. Almost totally out of control now, Mandy began rubbing her pussy erotically across Jerri's face and mouth.

"OHHH MY GODDD!" Mandy said even louder than before and started trying to ride Jerri's face.

Jerri told her urgently, "YOU CAN'T SCREAM BABY, YOU CAN'T! NO MATTER WHAT HAPPENS, YOU CAN'T SCREAM!" 

With her last ounce of reason, Mandy could think of only one way to muffle the scream that was sure to happen. And so, as she felt herself about to explode in an unstoppable orgasm, she dropped her head down, buried her face between Jerri's legs, placed her mouth onto Jerri's pussy and moaned loudly into it. Her lips started rubbing slightly on Jerri's clit from the motion of her undulating body as wave after way of glorious orgasm rocked Mandy's body. 

It was too much for Jerri and she grabbed Mandy around the waist and buried her face into Mandy's pussy. Jerri's mouth began devouring it's warm wetness as she ran her tongue in and around Mandy's pussy.

Mandy's orgasm seemed to go on forever as the combination of the vibrator on her clit and Jerri's now probing tongue in her pussy sent jolt upon jolt of pleasure through her. 

Mandy had been holding her mouth onto Jerri's pussy when Jerri's stuck her tongue deeply into her spasming pussy.

As Jerri's tongue probed deeper, Mandy started moaning as she began licking frantically around Jerri's inner pussy lips. The largest wave of orgasm hit her. Mandy muffled a scream onto Jerri's clit sending Jerri over the edge. Just then, Jerri's pussy to erupted in Mandy's mouth filling it with her juices. Mandy licked and swallowed it as fast as she could.

Mandy's last spasm had caused the remote to side across Jerri's chin pushing the slider back to the low setting and the vibration on her clit eased a bit. 

Mandy was coming down from the euphoria of orgasm but was feeling the slow building of another being quickened by Jerri's mouth on her pussy. Jerri's tongue was still slowly exploring the inside of Mandy's pussy.

"UMMPH!" Mandy said while teasing Jerri's clit with her tongue. "UMMPH!" she said again as Jerri's tongue danced around Mandy's pussy lips. 

And as Mandy's pussy started gently rocking back and forth on Jerri's mouth, her tongue began to gently lick into the furrow of Jerri's pussy. 

"UMMMPH! UMMMPH!" and Mandy's pelvis jerked violently across Jerri's face once more causing the slider on the remote control to move again, this time to the medium setting.
