 Note and warning: This work of fiction has explicit sex scenes and a lesbian relationship. There is also some vulgar language. Any resemblance to any character(s) and actual person(s) is coincidental.

+++++

As I listened to Hei Sook brushing her teeth before coming to bed one night, I saw an open document on her computer screen. The heading said "Anonymous sexy blog 9-16". I read a bit of the text and it seemed far too familiar. The names had been changed, but it was about how she had seduced me after we met!

The small, light-fingered hand on my shoulder made me jump.

"Wrote it up pretty well, didn't I?" Hei Sook asked me smugly.

"You didn't post this, I hope?" I said, trying not to sound angry or worried.

The warmth of her moist lips on my neck calmed me. "My sweet, it's perfectly safe. People enjoy your slutty antics. Typing them lets me recall them and dwell on them and savor them again. It's so fun!"

"Maybe it is harmless, but..." I wanted to object, but Hei Sook was sounding pretty reasonable.

She responded with a quiet laugh. "Stand up," she ordered. I promptly did as I was told. She sat in her soft chair, then coaxed me onto her lap. "Read a few of the comments on this blog entry. Read them aloud, starting with the names of the posters." 

I scrolled to the end. "Dragonceri: 'Great action! U must go thru a ton of bedsprings!'

"Clevercat140: 'Maybe you should have your sub get a nose ring like a cow. You can attach a chain to it and lead her around. I bet she'd love the reminder of whose boss.'

"ShamelessSeamus: 'That's hot. I so want to give your little sub the real thing to suck. I'm sure she'd be humiliated if you made her deepthroat my 25 cm and swallow my hot, gooey cum.'"

"Dildoluvr25: 'O_o I'm so fucking wet right now. I'd give anything for you to spank my ass.'

My voice faltered and not just because Hei Sook's talented hand had slid beneath the waist of my pajama pants and begun to softly stroke my lips. Her tongue lapped the corner of my mouth for an instant before she paused and told me to keep reading.

"hidethehotdog: 'i came!!'

"CuckolDChuck: 'Awesome! You should make her watch while her best friend fucks you silly. Then you should make her lick both of you."

"ThornOfTheLily: 'Ur best entry yet Dam I got off 4 times reading this'

"IridessiNess: 'plz moar! that is all.'

"84Trackster: 'I'm uberjealous of your sub! I'd love to lick your highheels! Then you could stick your dildo in my tight ass and ride me hard and put me away wet!'"

"lcktysplt: 'I think a tramp stamp that says Hei Sook's Bitch will teach her her place! ;-)"

Hei Sook gently turned my head and kissed me deeply. "They get so turned on by us; and doesn't that turn you on? Think of all the people who know the degrading things you've done to make us happy." My heart pounded as I thought about it. "Remember the time you got body-painted? Remember walking through town with your tasty little pussy hanging out?"

I squirmed and moaned, letting my hands rub my lover's smooth thighs while she teased me.

"In fact..." (Oh, shit-that deliciously wicked note had entered her voice. I trembled, waiting for Hei Sook's command.) "...I think it's your turn. Make your own blog entry. Tell the internet your favorite experience since we've gotten together. Include details; paint them a picture of your insatiable, deviant sexual desires and how we've satisfied them."

My dominant lover's commands are absolute.

+++++

It was my friend's party, so I was driving to the housewarming. The day was cool and overcast, but there was no rain. I was feeling good, but Hei Sook was in a slightly sour mood because of springtime allergic congestion.

My partner was sitting by my side, one foot up on the seat, looking relaxed and a little bored. I'd put her long, temporarily green and blue hair into two thick braids. The colors really worked with her loose, button-front crimson shirt. Her black yoga pants had red racing stripes, making her slim legs look very attractive. Her nose was a touch pinker than usual due to her allergy.

For myself, I was wearing tight, sleeveless faded blue turtleneck that had "Triumph!" spelled in letters made of hundreds of little silver stars. My skirt was a light blue mini made of heavy cotton-short, but not too short, since I was going commando again. (Hei Sook has sort of forbidden panties for me.) On my head, I was wearing a silver tam-o-shanter-style cap. On my legs and feet I wore shiny orange stay-up stockings that reached my lower thighs and medium blue pumps with 3 cm heels. Whenever we go to an event, Hei Sook strongly prefers that I "dress sexy" and this was as demure as I thought I could get away with.

Hei Sook turned to me suddenly, fixing her intense dark brown eyes on mine. "How long do you think we'll be staying at this party?" she asked with a slight mumble. (I wondered if her antihistamine had made her a little drowsy.)

"An hour. Two at the most," I told her.

"Do you think they'll be serving alcohol?"

"It doesn't matter, Sooki; you've taken medicine."

"Boo," she said, sticking out her wide tongue. "Oh well! Anyway, what do you think of what you're hearing?"

I listened to the music. "It sounds like Metallica, but performed with strings," I answered.

"You're right! This is a Korean cello quartet. They do Metallica covers almost exclusively."

"What?" I laughed and she laughed with me. "That's bizarre. But they play really well."

Hei Sook picked up her other foot and hugged her knees. "I think so too. People just think pop music needs guitar, bass, drums, and that's about it. Maybe piano once in a while. But why not violins, cellos, violas? Why not trumpets, saxes, flutes?"

"Are you thinking of performing pop?" I asked my lover.

"I have been thinking about that, yeah. A couple of my coworkers have been talking about it too."

Before she could ask her next question, I was answering. "You've got the talent to play anything. If you want to try it, I'd love to listen. And you know I'd never lie to you. I'd tell you if you sucked."

"I guess it's really likely, the way you're talking!" Hei Sook said in a mock-huff.

I laughed again. "You will never need to fish for compliments and you know it." The next turn came up and we took it. Yelena's new house was pretty obvious: it had more cars parked along the street and in the driveway than all the other houses in the neighborhood. There were people walking around in the yard, looking at the plants that would soon produce flowers and the gnarled hickory tree that stood near the sidewalk.

We parked and walked hand-in-hand the short distance to the house. In my other hand, I carried a box that held four champagne flutes, four tea mugs, and four glass tumblers, all carefully wrapped. Hei Sook carried a bag full of pot holders and oven mitts.

The hostess herself spotted us approaching. She greeted us on the porch and invited us to set down our gifts. Then she towed us along with her for a tour of her house.

Hei Sook kept pretty quiet while Yelena and I chatted during our circuit. My old friend claimed she was really run down now that she had three kids (a six-year-old daughter and twin four-year-old sons) but to me she seemed as energetic as she'd always been.

At the end of our tour, we wound up in the great room, where another twenty or so people were gathered. There was a lot of talking, snacking, and drinking going on. Yelena went to the front of the house to greet a few new arrivals. Hei Sook and I helped ourselves to cheese and crackers and found a little group of people to talk to.

Before too long, Yelena's husband Warren called for attention and told the assembled guests that the dance party was starting. Yelena looked at us just then. Maybe it was my imagination, but I thought she winked at my petite lover. (She hadn't met Hei Sook until today, so I was probably mistaken.)

Yelena had hardly turned toward her other guests when Hei Sook stood on her tiptoes and whispered to me, "Do you remember where the bathroom is?"

I took her wrist and we made a discreet exit.

When we got into the hall, though, my girlfriend took the lead, quickly guiding me to the stairwell. There was a bathroom downstairs, but there was one on the first floor too...well, it didn't matter.

But Hei Sook led me past the bathroom door. "We just passed it!" I said, tugging a little on her hand.

"Hush, my dear slave," she murmured.

My pulse raced and my pussy throbbed just hearing her call me that.

She opened a door and pushed me into the laundry room. The washer, dryer, and water heater occupied a good deal of the space.

"On our tour, I noticed there was some dirty laundry. Help your friend by putting her sheets in the washer."

"I don't-"

"-Was that a pronoun I heard? Look, I know that it isn't perfect etiquette, but put those sheets in the washer, now. Don't argue or we will wash the clothing you are wearing instead."

My head was spinning. (She was up to something, but what?) I opened the washer door with a slightly shaky hand. "No need for detergent," Hei Sook said. I bent to pick up the laundry basket.

Hei Sook's hands rested lightly on my backside. I shivered. I loaded four sheets and closed the washer door. Hei Sook pressed the "start" button, then squeezed and fondled my butt and hips.

I wanted to kiss her. I wanted to touch her. But she was in charge. She would let me know what I was supposed to do.

My girlfriend pulled up my shirt. "Cupless bra: good choice," she murmured. "It demonstrates how slutty you are, but there's nothing wrong with honesty." She leaned and pressed her tongue to my left breast. In a moment, she was licking, then suckling. My body trembled. Thanks to the breast pump she had been using on my chest every night, I had begun to lactate recently.

Somehow, I kept from putting my hands on her head while she adored my chest. Her pinches, bites, and suction got my milk flowing. Wonderful as it felt, I hoped she would finish quickly; we could be found out.

But as she nursed, Hei Sook slid her hands to my thighs and lifted my skirt. "Mistress, not here, please," I whimpered.

She kept sucking on my nipple as though she hadn't heard. Her hands played with the exposed flesh of my ass. She slurped my chest loudly one more time, then let go with her mouth. My breasts were weeping tiny white streams. She looked fiercely into my eyes and pushed her thigh between my legs.

In this strange house-full of people!-she was going to fuck me! Of course I wanted her to do it, but the risk of getting caught was too high. I could say those three words I had never said to her. "Past the line." I didn't want to say it, but I should say it; she seemed out of control.

But her lovemaking was too exciting!

She took hold of my wrist. Stepping aside, she flipped the light switch. A couple of tiny LED indicators on the washer were the only lights in the room. She pressed her pelvis against my crotch and yanked down the zipper on the back of my skirt. My breath caught in my mouth. My skirt fell to the tiled floor. "Mistress! Please!" I squeaked.

With one hand still on my wrist, she stepped past me. She turned and hopped, seating herself on the washing machine. "Get up here and put your sloppy cunt on my thigh," she ordered.

"Is the door locked?" I asked, my voice high with tension.

"It doesn't have a lock. Get. Up. Here. Now."

Yelena was one of the oldest friends I had in the world. If I was caught naked at the waist, having sex during her housewarming party...But while my brain was debating, my body was acting. I bounded upward. My knees landed on either side of Hei Sook's right leg. Her hand was on her thigh, palm downward. I lowered my pussy to her thigh. Her knuckles bumped against my dripping lips.

Pre-soak completed, the washer moved into the agitation phase.

Hei Sook's entire body became a vibrator. The pleasure was so sudden and so powerful I screamed. Hei Sook's free hand immediately covered my mouth. She shushed me, then put her hand behind her to support our position while her leg and hand jackhammered my clitoris.

Fluids spraying from my entrance, I knew I was about to climax. "Mistress, may a slave cum?" I asked pitifully.

She smiled cruelly. "You can beg better than that. If you want to get fucked in your friend's brand new house, with her little children in the same house, you're going to have to earn it."

I gasped. Tears ran down my cheeks. "Please, Mistress, a slave needs t-"

The doorknob clunked softly, just barely audible above the sound of the washing machine and my voice. I froze in terrified panic.

To my horror, the door opened.

And Hei Sook suddenly sat up straighter and moved her support hand. While her knuckles thumped my clit from beneath, the fingers of her other hand caressed it from above! I nearly passed out from the sensation. I bit my tongue and clamped my arms around my Asian-American lover to keep from shrieking my delight.

Like it was in slow motion, the wedge of light from the open door widened slowly. I wanted to freeze, but my legs kept bobbing, humping my girlfriend's soaking wet hand. "Go wild!" Hei Sook whispered into my ear. My pussy started contracting with erotic happiness. I was cumming and I couldn't make a sound!

The light stopped spreading, mere centimeters before it revealed us. Hei Sook's hands kept buffeting my engorged labia and spasming clitoris. The door closed firmly. With a loud, ragged gasp, I inhaled, trying to stay conscious and enjoy this amazing climax. Panting and sobbing, I rode Hei Sook's muscular thigh and smooth hand for all I was worth, taking full advantage of the human vibrator effect.

As soon as I started coming down from the peak, Hei Sook moved her hands and painfully tweaked my erect nipples. Thanks to the orgasm, the pain felt glorious. My lover prolonged my orgasm for several heavenly seconds with her cruelly loving yanks.

"That's my panty-averse little wet-nurse," Hei Sook murmured encouragingly. She rubbed me gradually less and I began to calm myself. She put her mouth to mine. I responded eagerly, licking her sweet tongue.

She pulled away enough to speak. "Let's go home."

I realized that she needed me to get off her. I didn't want to try to use my overworked thighs to hop backward and off the washing machine. Luckily, the dryer was close. With Hei Sook's help, I eased myself up and over, settling my butt on the lid of the dryer. Hei Sook slid off her machine, landing gracefully on her toes. I slid off mine, landing successfully, but with a little less grace.

Hei Sook stood with her back against the door of the little room and switched on the light. I blinked a couple of times.

My mischievous lover was grinning widely. "Ah yes, the just-fucked look," she said with a chuckle.

Damn, I had to be a mess. Sweat was dripping from my body, especially my forehead, chest, armpits, and ass. Pussy juice had run down my legs, making them slick and shiny, drenching my stockings. My skirt was a wrinkled, cum-sprinkled heap on the floor. My turtleneck was drenched too, as well as pushed up to expose my tits. My tits! They were wet with sweat and expressed milk. My cupless bra was soaked through, but that didn't matter compared with the other issues I had to deal with.

She may be naughty and daring, but Hei Sook isn't insane. She knew I couldn't leave the laundry room in that state. "Take off your shirt and hose." She picked my skirt off the floor and gave it to me. "Rinse everything in the sink," she ordered.

I did what she told me. She swatted my bare ass a couple of times but didn't do anything that would get me worked up. As soon as I'd rinsed the skirt, she took it and started wringing the water from it. She did the same with my turtleneck. We each wrung out a stocking.

"Best we can do," Hei Sook said, smirking at me. "Get dressed."

The clothing would be very wrinkled and obviously soaked through! What explanation could there possibly be? I knew better than to argue, however. "Yes, Mistress," I said meekly.

"You may be wet, but now you're squeaky clean." Hei Sook inspected me. "Too clean."

"Mistress!" I squeaked, but I didn't want her to stop. She knelt right in front of the door and put her head under my skirt. Her blue and green hair bounced while she ate me out. My breathing became more rapid again. Hei Sook's nimble tongue knew exactly what to stroke. Her lips knew just how hard to suck. High-pitched grunts erupted from my throat. My hypersensitive love button throbbed with pleasure. My vagina quivered as I came, leaking more lubricating juice.

"Much better," she mumbled, running her hands up my shaking thighs. "Some water, some pussy nectar and the only way to know the difference is to smell...or taste! Stick close behind me; we have to get back home so you can dry."

She opened the door and stepped into the hall, going directly up the stairs, out the door, and toward the car. We encountered one or two people in the hall and several in the yard.

I stayed so close to my partner that if I'd been wearing a strap-on, I could've kept it in her ass the entire way. I stared at the back of her neck during our walk, except for a moment when we left the house. Then, I made the mistake of glancing ahead to avoid running into anyone. My eyes immediately met the eyes of tall, plump, happy-looking woman I vaguely remembered meeting a year or two earlier. She looked very surprised and curious as soon as she saw me.

I know my face turned red immediately; I was more humiliated than I had been in months! I hastily looked down at Hei Sook's heels and my toes. I could only hope that Yelena's friend would think I'd had a clutz attack and fallen into the pool. (Of course, there was no pool here...)

Driving would have been risky considering my emotional and physical states, so my lover took us home.

No sooner had we gotten past the door than she swept me into a sweet, deep kiss. "I love you, Aurora," she murmured. Her talented fingers were already busy stripping my wet clothes off me.

My shoes had been ruined, but this wasn't the time to discuss that. "I love you too," I replied. In moments, I was naked. I pulled my petite lover off her feet and into my arms, enjoying her startled, joyful yelp. I carried her to the bathroom.

We drew a hot bath. The kisses grew hot and heavy while we soaked. It was my turn to make love to her, and my groin twitched with anticipation.

+++++

"I'm a little surprised that you wrote about that time," Hei Sook told me. "But there have been a lot of times to choose from, haven't there?"

"You know there have!" I turned and kissed her nose.

"So how many times did you have to stop writing?" she asked.

Her lascivious tone of voice got me to blush right away. "Three or four," I said, not quite looking her in the eyes.

"Oh? Wish I'd stuck around for at least one," she said teasingly. "You are so beautiful when you masturbate."

"How do you know? You never leave me alone long enough to finish myself off."

Her gorgeous dark brown eyes flashed. "You? Questioning my self-control?" She smiled evilly. I held my breath, wondering why I'd been such a masochist as to say that aloud. "I'll have to remember that...until the proper time."

+ The end +

+ please comment, vote, rate, etc. i love feedback from readers!