 I'd waited long enough. This time I was going to get away. Now that I was 18, I was legally an adult anyway, even if my asshole of a sperm donor (I would never call that man a "father": there's much more to being a father than supplying half the genetic material to your offspring) would never think of me that way. My egg donor wasn't any better: she'd let him get away with all his BS for my entire life. 

I guess I was lucky to some extent: because of something he'd done to her while I was inside her womb, he couldn't inflict her with additional offspring. He'd have undoubtedly been just as much of a fuckhead to them as he was to me. Anyway, I packed a few essentials into my rucksack, made sure I had on a good pair of shoes for traveling, and slipped out the front door.

"And just where do you think you're going, Jill?"

I folded my arms across my chest and looked the man who had supplied half my genes directly in the eyes.

"Away from here. Away from you, you sadistic, abusive sack of shit."

"YOU CAN'T TALK TO ME LIKE THAT!"

"I just did. What are you gonna do about it?"

"I'M GOING TO KILL YOU, YOU BITCH!"

"You and what army?"

He stopped screaming and lowered his voice to a cold, cruel tone.

"I don't need an army. Just a weapon."

"Mom gave away all your guns the one time she stood up to you."

"I'll run you down with my car, then."

I glared at him.

"Riiiiiiiight. And I'm the Queen of England."

He sprinted off towards the garage. I turned away and started walking across the wheat field. The wheat was almost ready to be harvested: it was nearly as tall as I was. 

The roar of an engine sounded from behind me. The psychotic bastard really was trying to run me down, apparently. I increased my speed and started zigzagging, making it harder for him to aim accurately.

"You won't get away!"

He missed me by only about 10 feet. I made a couple of radical changes in direction.

"I'll run over every stalk of this wheat to get you!"

Time for a change of plan. We lived in such a remote area there was no cell phone reception, and I knew he didn't own a landline. If I could just reach the river, by the time he drove into the nearest town to contact someone I'd be miles downstream.

Ant there it was, just a few steps in front of me. I put on one last burst of speed and leaped over the edge of the bank.

"Bye!"

He slammed on the brakes to avoid plunging his car into the torrent.

"BITCH! You won't get away with this!"

***

The water was fast-moving, but it was cold. At some point I'd have to get out. But I wanted to stay in it for at least two hours, to make sure I got sufficiently far downstream. That meant waiting until around noon. 

I half-closed my eyes. Between the sun on my face and the gradually numbing effects of the cold water on my muscles, pretty soon I was barely conscious of my surroundings. 

A hand suddenly grabbed me by the scruff of the neck. I felt myself being dragged out of the water. 

"You all right? Why were you in the river?"

The voice belonged to a woman. We had reached the bank, and she dragged me up it far enough away from the water where I couldn't slip back in. 

"I'm a runaway. My dad is an asshole, and I needed to get away from him."

"So you want to, for all intents and purposes, disappear, so he can't find you?"

"Correct."

I looked up at my rescuer. She was about my height, probably my mom's age, and had a trim, toned body. 

"Then I have the perfect spot for you. By the way, I'm Nellie."

"I'm Jill." I was starting to shiver. There was a light breeze blowing and I was soaking wet.

"Let's get you out of here before anyone else comes by and sees you." Nellie removed my pack and opened it. She looked through it briefly. Everything inside was soaked. She zipped it back up and tossed it into the river, where it rushed off downstream. "I'll supply everything you need."

She guided me to a van and put me in the windowless back of it, giving me a couple of thick blankets to wrap up in. She must have turned the heat up in the van as well, because soon I was comfortably warm as we drove along. Eventually we parked, and Nellie came around to get me out. We were in an ordinary garage, presumably attached to a house.

"Let's get you out of those wet things." Nellie removed the blankets from around me and tossed them in a laundry basket, then stripped off my clothes. She then guided me into the house, then down a flight of stairs into an expansive basement. There was a comfortable-looking bed, a sofa, an attached bathroom with a luxurious bathtub in it that could easily hold four people, and a TV/DVD/videogame setup. 

"The TV doesn't actually get reception, it functions more like a monitor, but you can play any video games or movies you like," Nellie explained, gesturing to two shelves full of them. She reached up and attached a padded collar to my neck, that in turn was attached by a very long leash to a steel ring in the ceiling. "And you can read any of the books." There were four shelves full of those. "But honestly, I figure you'll spend a lot of time with me. You're very pretty."

We were in the bathroom now, and Nellie was adjusting the temperature of the water. When it was to her liking, she put in the plug and the tub began filling. She had at some point removed her own clothes. 

"Me?" I asked. "Pretty?"

I looked in the full-length mirror, and saw a skinny, scared 18-year-old, with breasts that were between an A and a B cup, not a lot of curves, and black hair in a buzzcut because my father had said repeatedly that "you're not supposed to be tempting any of those nasty boys."

Nellie, on the other hand, was toned, slim, and had considerably larger breasts - probably C-cups. Her ass had nice definition to it. Her shoulder-length blonde hair had natural waviness. She was far prettier than me.

"Yes, you."

"You're much better looking than me. How old are you, anyway?"

"I'm 41. I looked at your birth certificate when I opened your pack: you're 18 years, 2 months and 5 days."

"Young and ugly. I have no curves."

"Bullshit. You're not as curvy as me, but a woman doesn't need big breasts and a massive ass to be sexy." 

Nellie took me gently into her arms and just held me against her for a long moment. Being held felt good.

"Thanks."

She turned off the water. The tub had filled sufficiently. We climbed into it, and I ended up sitting on her lap and half lying down, my head resting against her chest. She put her arms around me and her hands rested on my barely-there breasts.

"Don't mention it. You deserve to be treated right. That starts with a relaxing bath that will have the side effect of making sure you don't catch pneumonia."

"I assume the collar and leash are waterproof."

"Correct. Do you have any favorite foods, or any food allergies I need to know about?"

"No allergies that I know of, and my mom's cooking wasn't very good, so I can't think of any foods I particularly like."

"Wait until you try my white-sauce lasagna." Nellie kissed the top of my head. "It'll make you fall in love with me."

I giggled. "I'm looking forward to it."

We stayed quietly in the bath for a while after the conversation dropped. It was rather pleasant being held by Nellie. When the water started to get cool, we got out and dried off. 

"You must be hungry," Nellie said. I nodded. "Just relax while I whip up a good meal."

About an hour later, according to the clock on the wall, Nellie returned with two plates. She directed me to set up TV trays, which I found over by the side of one of the book shelves. Nellie's white-sauce lasagna was joined by a salad which appeared to have cranberries and walnuts as well as the spring greens. A mild vinaigrette was the dressing. To drink, there was water. Not fancy, but quite tasty. 

After Nellie cleared the dishes (we decided to leave the TV trays out, since this would be the first of many meals we'd eat together down here), we climbed onto the bed, she as naked as I, and she held me gently while I rested my head on her chest and told her about the verbal and physical abuse I had been through. She was easy to talk to, quietly listened, and cuddled me afterwards while whispering that she would never do anything like that to me and she just wanted me to be happy.

I was happy here, I realized. Being taken care of by Nellie felt nice. I snuggled against her until she departed to make dinner for us. Pork chops, scalloped potatoes and fresh asparagus.

"Were you a cook at some point?"

"Very good, Jill. When I was your age, I became a cook in my family's restaurant. Stayed there for 10 years until my dad sold the place. He then bought stock in Amazon with the profits just in time for the meteoric rise, cashed out and I took my share of the inheritance early to move out here. I have very few expenses, and the interest from the 30-year T-bonds covers them."

"Thanks for taking me in."

"After we get comfortable with each other, I think I'll have you, er, take me in... if you know what I mean."

"I still can't believe you honestly find me attractive."

"You're beautiful." She leaned over and kissed my cheek.

Nellie slept in my bed with me that night, just holding me. I was totally not used to being pampered like this, but I figured I could get used to it right quick.

We woke up and, after refueling our bodies, spent the morning cuddled together watching Divine Secrets Of The Ya-Ya Sisterhood. After the movie, she said it had "inspired" her. 

"To do what?"

"Build this underground room. You're not the first guest, but you are the first who wants to stay permanently."

"What happened to the others?"

She hopped off the sofa, dashed up to the main house, and raced back down holding a stack of newspaper clippings. I read through them and returned them. 

"The cops don't have a clue about the Blue River Killer," I said upon finishing. "They're looking for a male serial killer of those female prostitutes. And you haven't been active in 8 years, so the case has gone cold."

"I grew up," Nellie explained. "I had spoiled-rich-kid syndrome for a while after Dad made a fortune on Amazon stock and I got my cut. When they told me they weren't interested in staying, I got irrationally angry. But I came to my senses eight years ago and decided that it would be better for me to search for someone like a battered wife or a runaway, and treat them with care and love and kindliness when I found them. And I've been searching ever since." She wrapped her arms around me. "I've finally found what I've been searching for."

I pressed backwards against her. "I'm happy you found me."

Nellie gave me the afternoon to myself, as she still had to do things like shopping and cleaning, but made sure to spend the night in bed with me, holding and cuddling me. Her cooking skills were impressing me more with every meal she made for me. And while it may be true that the fastest way to a man's heart is by tearing a hole through his rib cage, the fastest way to mine, as I was discovering, was actually through my stomach. 

After another week of this treatment, I had a question for Nellie as she lay naked against me in the bed, having joined me there after another fabulous dinner.

"If you think I'm so pretty, why haven't you kissed me yet?"

"Because, Jill, I didn't want to force myself on you when you weren't ready."

I pivoted in her arms so our faces were about one micron apart and parted my lips. "I'm ready."

Nellie placed her lips against mine, and we shared a soft, tender, very loving kiss. I wrapped my arms around her and held her close. Reluctantly, I pulled my lips away eventually so I could put air back in my lungs. 

"Mmmmm. That was a great kiss, Jill."

"I certainly enjoyed it."

I initiated the next kiss, and slipped my tongue into Nellie's mouth. She was surprised at first, then responded. We had our tongues dance together for a long moment. We had to break for air again, and I sighed. 

Nellie's voice was firm, but had a hint of huskiness in it. "We can do more tomorrow if you want, Jill." 

"I want it, very much."

I fell asleep with my head on Nellie's chest. I woke up in the morning to find Nellie holding me from behind and very lightly brushing her lips against the nape of my neck.

"Mmmmmmm." I pivoted to face her.

"Morning, Jill."

I did my waking-up routine, then returned to the bed. "I want much more than just kisses, Nellie."

Nellie didn't reply with words. She kissed me on the lips, and we again twined tongues. Then she lay me on my back and slowly began working her tongue downwards. I whimpered slightly as she teased the flesh of my neck and the sensitive spot right under my ear. 

She proceeded down to my tiny chest, kissing through my almost nonexistent cleavage and gently cupping my small mounds. "I like these. They're perky."

Before I could reply, she had one of my nipples in her mouth. I moaned as she flickered her tongue across the tip of it. She was gently rolling my other nipple between her fingertips. Darts of pleasure started shooting through me.

Nellie spread my legs and began caressing my thighs as she worked my breasts. I could feel my slit starting to moisten. My body's reactions let Nellie know how much I liked what she was doing. 

She suddenly disengaged her face from my chest and slid her body upwards to kiss me. "Want to explore me a bit, Jill?"

"Yes." I clumsily returned her kiss as I rolled her onto her back. She reached out and softly held me against her for a moment, while I kissed her neck and then moved towards her upper chest. 

"No pressure, Jill. We don't have to rush into things."

"I want this, very much." She had much more defined cleavage than me. I took my time about kissing through it. The little shivers her body was making let me know she liked it. I kissed up her breast to a nipple and experimentally suckled. Nellie's moan as I did so made me feel happy. 

Actually, Nellie made me feel happy. Being with someone who cared about me, for the first time in my life, was amazing. I detached my mouth from her breast and said as much. 

Nellie slid me upwards and placed my head on her shoulder. "Knowing that you're happy makes me glow." We quietly cuddled for a few minutes until I decided I wanted to get back to the sexual stuff. 

Nellie helped me position my body on top of hers, with my slit resting against her mouth. I leaned forward until my mouth was against her crotch, and we began by softly licking along each other's labia until we were both beginning to leak honey. 

Not being a man, and thus not thinking that a clitoris was some sort of dinosaur, I was able to locate Nellie's without difficulty. I teased it very softly with the tip of my tongue. She was doing the same for me. We both quivered with building excitement as we tongued away. 

This being real life, and not some porno, we didn't both climax simultaneously. I climaxed twice, in fact, before she had her first. But since women are multi-orgasmic, that wasn't an issue. We kept using our tongues until we both had a few orgasms, and then we disentangled our bodies. 

We were both still horny, but our tongues were tired. So Nellie placed my body on top of hers with our crotches against each other. We wrapped our arms around each other and began grinding. It wasn't as easy to climax without a tongue directly on our clits, but it did feel good. And eventually, after we figured out how best to grind our pussies together, we both had several more orgasms. 

We rested for a bit, then Nellie went off to make a meal. It was excellent, as always, and she smiled at me in a more sexual way as we chatted and ate. 

She had more errands to run, but the next morning, after I woke in her arms, she asked me if I wanted to try out one of her toys. A double-headed vibrating dildo, to be specific. I eagerly agreed, and off she went to fetch it. I was already teasing my slit with my fingers when she returned. 

We kissed and caressed each other for long enough to get our bodies ready, then she lubed up one end of the toy with my juices and the other end with her juices. She asked if I wanted to be on top or on the bottom. I had been on top yesterday, so I requested to be on the bottom today. 

She slid my end of the toy in, then lowered her box onto her end and activated the device. I quivered with excitement immediately. Nellie leaned forward to kiss me, and her breasts pressing against mine just added to my sexual haze. 

We didn't have to do much moving. The vibrations inside us were enough to build us up to orgasm - several times. So we just kind of held each other, kissing and cuddling as the toy did its work. When we were done, I felt less physically exhausted than yesterday but just as sexually sated. 

Nellie took my leash off after a month, but with her giving me food, care, love and sex, I had no reason to ever leave her basement hideaway.