 Lisa struggled against the uncomfortable position, but it was no use. Her head was stuck through one hole in the pillory, and her hands through two others. She was standing, and her ankles were trapped as well, leaving her forcibly immobile in a bent-over position.

Worse, her ankles were trapped painfully far apart and forward, which meant that her hips and personal areas were utterly exposed and vulnerable. Further, some sort of bar was positioned under her stomach, preventing her from changing positions by bending her knees, or from moving her hips to escape the various assaults that had been perpetrated on her. She was truly and hopelessly stuck, and had been for over two hours. A fine sheen of sweat coated her entire body and her light blonde hair hung limply. 

Footsteps approached behind her. Not again. She struggled harder and tried to speak, to beg the person to let her go. However, the special gag that forced her mouth open meant that she could only make crude sounds. "Please let me go" came out as "Eeeze, et ee goh". Her blue eyes flashed left and right as she sought any clue to what was happening behind her.

A hand touched her ass, tracing up the outside of her hip. Lisa bucked and tried to escape, but it was impossible. She could squeal in protest, though, and did. A male voice laughed, and his fingers moved from her hip to her sensitive and overworked vulva. She tried in vain to escape from his penetrating fingers, squealing as he began pumping. She felt a sharp slap right on her clitoris, then another and another. Every muscle in her body clenched as the man worked her into a rhythm of pleasure and pain.

It had seemed like a fun idea, this bondage club. She had come and observed as the guest of a friend, and it was exciting beyond belief. She watched with rapt fascination the writhing bodies of the submissives as the dominants rotated through the rooms and took their various pleasures with them. She fantasized about the feeling of being one of those bound bodies, of having one or two or three people on you at once, working you against your will, making you pleasure them or making you succumb to your own pleasure, or even a little bit of pain. It had turned her on immensely, so much so that she had secretly come back on her own the following week to try it out.

The club's head talent scout had eyed her up and down, nodding approvingly. "Why are you interested?" he asked. He was a smallish man, and slender, more like an accountant than someone who screened sex slaves.

"I want to try it," she said, adjusting her language to his formal bearing. "It ... it was a huge turn-on to watch. I'd never seen something like that before." She hesitated. "I found that I really wanted to know what was in the minds of the people who are tied up." It was difficult and embarrassing to say those words out loud.

"Ah, but there's a difference between watching and participating," he said. "Watching someone else being forced and taken is not the same thing as being forced and taken yourself."

She nodded. "I understand that. But I can't get it out of my head. I keep imagining what it would be like to be restrained and used like that, and the more I think about it, the more I want to try it. It keeps taking over my thoughts, and I need to do it."

The man smiled knowingly. "As you can imagine, lots of people feel like that in their fantasies. Reality can be a different thing. But you are a very attractive woman and you obviously have interest, so let's move to the next step." He opened a drawer in his desk and pulled out a pre-printed form. "Take a look at this," he said. "It spells out the conditions, and lets you set limits. Let's see what your limits are, and if they're broad enough we can talk further."

A lock of sweaty hair covered her eyes, but the man didn't care. His cock was buried to the hilt in her mouth, occasionally bouncing against the back of her throat as he thrust in and out. Her hands, trapped in the pillory just inches too far away, flailed in a useless attempt to defend herself. Her head, forced upright and back by the cord that stretched from her dental gag to the blunt hook buried in her anus, banged against the padded wooden stocks on each thrust. She desperately used her tongue to swirl around his shaft, trying to reach the sensitive underpart in an attempt to get him to cum faster. Anything to get him out of her exhausted mouth.

She was surprised to feel a hand on her left breast, sliding toward the nipple and flicking the clamp that tormented it. The hand added yet another weight to it, stretching it further, then did the same to the right nipple. She couldn't even voice a protest or cry in pain with her mouth filled up. 

"Do you mind if I take her from the back?" a voice asked.

"Nah, go ahead. Let's double her up."

She felt a body move against the back of her stretched and spread thighs, and fingers began testing her pussy, the cool feel of lubricant on them as they coated her inner lips. A few moments later, the second man was inside her, synching up his thrusts with those of the first. He grabbed the meat of her breasts for extra leverage and power, squeezing, gripping, and pulling them as he pleasured himself inside her. 

Four hours down, four to go. She sagged in her bonds as the men abused her helpless body. She wasn't sure she could make it, but then again she had no choice.

She sat in the lobby of the club and reviewed the boilerplate print on the form; however, it was mostly formalities and barely held her attention. Among other legalities, it informed her that she would be subject to an eight-hour session, and that once she started it, she was obligated to finish it. It informed her that if a customer was using her at the eight-hour mark, the agreement would be extended until they finished. It informed her of a few other technicalities like spotters, etiquette, and other basics. The concept was more exciting than the legal details, so she merely skimmed it and nodded.

What really intrigued her was the checklist of limits and approvals. It was a twelve page list of every depravity that a person could inflict on a bound woman. Would she approve being tied onto a table? Over a bench? Suspended by her wrists? Would she approve masturbation with fingers? Fists? Dildos? Vibrators? If yes on a dildo, would she approve a six-inch dildo? Seven? Eight? Nine? How wide? These people thought of everything.

She thought about each item and envisioned herself spread-eagled on a table experiencing them. There were some things that were absolutely disgusting, and she wanted nothing to do with them. Nothing involving urine or feces, for example. There were some things that sounded like true torture, things involving needles or cigarettes or tanks of water. No to all of those. But she quickly checked her approval for anything that involved dildos or vibrators or fingers or anything else that would stimulate her sex organs, and she approved nearly all of the various bondage positions and ties. She wanted to finger herself just thinking about some of the items on the form, and even added an exclamation point to a couple of items to show her enthusiasm.

She took the form back to the talent scout and he reviewed it, running his pen along the various rows like a little pointer. He nodded as he read, and then reviewed her signature on the boilerplate. He smiled. "I think we can work with this," he said. "Just initial the bottom of each page, and I'll notarize everything pending one more item that we'll talk about. Are you available this Friday?"

"Absolutely." Lisa smiled with both fright and exhilaration, her heart pounding. She imagined that she would spend the next three days masturbating furiously. Friday could not come soon enough.

Anastasia was a skinny blonde slave who was assigned as Lisa's spotter. Per the agreement, Anastasia's job was to ensure that the various dominants working Lisa did not violate any of the limits on her checklist, and to assist the dominants as necessary. In truth, she seemed to enjoy participating in her own right, and had a penchant for slapping breasts and pinching nipples. Lisa wondered if it was jealousy since Anastasia had more of an adolescent's build, with smallish breasts and narrow hips, but the reason didn't really matter. Perhaps Anastasia just got off on abusing breasts.

At the moment, one man had just finished using her anally and a couple was standing by to begin a new session, waiting in response to Anastasia's call for a time out. Lisa had fought the anal intrusion with all of her might, but it was not a fair fight when she was tied, immobilized, and exhausted. The man had toyed with her, pushing an inch at a time, then pulling back, then pushing another inch, all the while manipulating her clit in a reacharound. She didn't like anal, and it was humiliating to feel him push relentlessly inside her even as she fought. She had checked it on her list only because a deeply hidden part of her got off on the concept of a woman being used in such a base manner, enduring pain as the price of someone else's pleasure. But while it was titillating in concept, it wasn't as enjoyable in the real world as it was in her bedtime fantasies.

Her other big mistake was not thinking about how long eight hours really was. That had been a huge mistake.

She glanced despairingly to her left at the next pair. The waiting man was large and muscular and nude, and had some sort of paddle in his hand. The woman was small and pretty, a Latina with full breasts and ultra-short black hair that both belied and accentuated her femininity. She wore a strap-on and was idly opening and closing a pair of clamps. They were reviewing Lisa's checklist of limits and plotting their plan. She hadn't been taken by a couple yet, and wondered what was about to happen.

Anastasia lifted Lisa's downcast head by pulling her hair. She had a spray bottle of water, and spritzed some into Lisa's mouth, which was still painfully held open by the gag. It tasted good, and washed down some of the semen taste. "Want some more?" she asked. "Blink once for yes and twice for no." Lisa blinked once and got another rinse and drink. 

"Eeze, no 'ore," Lisa begged through the gag once she swallowed. "Diss is too ard." She had hoped to be tied in a number of positions over the course of the session, to try some new things, but for some reason they had not moved her for the entire evening. She was still in the pillory, her stomach still stretched over the bar, her ankles still spread wide. It had been only mildly uncomfortable at the start and even exciting. Hours later, it was now excruciating, all the more so because she had been used and abused constantly, and had no way to defend herself in this position. It had seemed so fun to watch other people in this situation and merely imagine what it was like.

Anastasia leaned in close, staring at Lisa eye to eye with a wicked grin. "Did you come when he was doing your ass? Blink once for yes and twice for no. Be honest or I'll knee you in the pussy again."

Lisa blinked once. The man had held a vibrator against her while he was doing her, and the pleasure had outweighed the pain."

Anastasia leaned in all the way and kissed Lisa's open mouth, inserting her tongue and swirling it around. "You're doing great," she said with a smirk. "Only two more hours." To accentuate her cruelty, she bit Lisa's lower lip and pulled it outward until Lisa yelped.

"Oh, look," the Latina woman was saying. "She allows pussy whipping. Do you want to start there while I work on her tits? I really want to punish those tits."

Anastasia laughed as Lisa frantically and unintelligibly pled with her.

"Are you sure you want to do this?" The Man had asked. "Eight hours is a long time to surrender control of your body, and it's an even longer time to surrender your free will."

Lisa was practically squirming in her seat with excitement. She had read the list and had imagined herself in every situation, every predicament. She really needed to masturbate. "Yes, I'm sure of it. Reading this document has made me even more sure." 

"Recognize that we do not disappoint our members. Once you show up Friday night, you are not leaving. You will arrive four hours early just to be sure, and we will lock you in a cage. From that point on, you belong to us. And if you do not show up, we keep the $2,000 deposit that you just made and you will be banned from ever entering the club again. Do you understand?"

"I understand. I really want this."

"Okay. So the final confirmation is a live test of your abilities to perform." He rang an intercom button on his desk phone. "Kara, would you mind coming in here, please? We have a live test for a potential new bottom."

Lisa's heart skipped a beat. What were they going to do? What was the test? Something was going to happen now?

The office door opened, and Kara walked in, clad in everyday jeans and t-shirt. Lisa immediately recognized her. She was an Asian woman of medium height, whose lean figure had mild but unambiguous curves. The last time Lisa had seen her, she was hanging from the ceiling, each arm and leg tied to a different rope and pulley and pulled wide. Her shaved pussy was spread and vulnerable, on display to anyone who walked into the room. It was the first pussy besides her own that Lisa had ever touched, and she had explored and teased it thoroughly while a few enthusiastic onlookers egged her on. The sound of Kara panting and moaning as she finally came from the vibrator was still vivid in Lisa's ears. To no small degree, Kara had been Lisa's inspiration for doing this.

Kara offered a handshake and Lisa accepted. She offered a knowing smile, and Lisa suspected that she remembered her. The Man said, "Lisa has indicated a strong interest in bottoming for us this Friday. I've pre-screened her and she looks good, but since she hasn't done this before, I think a test is in order. Let's put her on a gyno table and hook her up to a machine. Perhaps you can help me give her a short workout."

Kara smiled with genuine pleasure, her teeth white against her olive skin. She was a beautiful woman. "I'd be delighted."

The Man turned to Lisa. "Remove your clothing."

Lisa gulped. She had been in a revealing outfit during her guest visit, which was a requirement to enter the club, but that was a totally different situation. "Now?"

"Now."

She took a deep breath and began unbuttoning. In a few moments, she stood naked before them. 

"My god, those breasts are fantastic," Kara said. "Those will get a lot of attention." She stepped over and, to Lisa's shock, grabbed Lisa's breasts, gently weighing them and appraising them as she moved them around on Lisa's chest. Lisa's first reaction was to spring back and protect herself, and her hands initially rose, but she forced herself to stand still. Kara smiled.

"Nice job," The Man said. "When you are bound, you may resist. When you are not bound, you must submit. Remember that rule. Now turn around and cross your wrists behind your back."

He stepped behind her, and the snap of the handcuffs almost made Lisa come.

In front, Kara was tweaking Lisa's nipples, drawing them out. She produced a small pair of clamps attached to a leash. She raised one to Lisa's right nipple and attached it. It squeezed her, but it was pleasantly stimulating.

Then Kara tightened it.

Then she tightened it some more.

"Ow." Lisa let out a sharp breath. "That's hurting."

Kara's eyebrow raised. She tightened it another half turn. Lisa tried to step back, but The Man was still behind her. "Don't talk back," Kara said sternly. "If you understand, say 'yes, madam'. If you want it tightened another half turn, say anything else."

Lisa was trying to bend her tied arms around to her nipple, trying to crouch down and rub the clamp off with her knee. Anything to relieve the pain. "Unnnnnnh! Yes! Yes, madam!"

Kara pulled the clamp up, forcing Lisa to rise with it and stand upright. "That's close enough, but you said 'yes' twice. If I was in a bad mood I'd tighten it again, and that's what some of our members would do. Remember that. Follow instructions to the letter. Now, do you want me to tighten it further, or do you want a matching clamp on your left nipple?"

"Unnnh. Left nipple, please."

"Okay, then. No moving." She placed the other clamp on Lisa's left nipple and tightened it to the same level of stomach-tightening pain. She then tugged on the leash and started walking. "Now follow me."

They led Lisa to a room that she recognized from her guest tour. On that night, a man was on the table, and his testicles were being squeezed between two plexiglass plates as he serviced a woman with his tongue. Another woman was teasing his rigid cock to the edge of orgasm and back, and she graciously let Lisa have a turn at it. It was fun to hear the man beg and moan and to imagine how frustrated he must have been as they teased and tortured him without relief.

Now she was on the table, her arms tied to the sides and her legs folded up into the stirrups. A strap over her stomach limited her ability to move her torso. The nipple clamps stayed on and the leash was tied to her big toe, so that any flexing of her foot pulled the clamps on her nipples. It was hard to not move her foot, and easy to forget. Kara mercifully loosened the clamps a half-turn to stop Lisa's squirming.

The Man moved a large machine between her legs, which had a six-inch dildo attached to a piston. She had seen it used on a tall brunette during her visit, and it was incredible to watch. Kara taped a tiny curved vibrator to Lisa's bare pubic mound, arranging it so that the business end put pressure directly on her clitoris.

Her two captors began removing their clothes. "When you give us both orgasms, we turn off the machines," The Man said. "Open your mouth."

It was seven hours into the shift, and for some reason there was a lull. Anastasia was occupying her time by putting a vibrator against Lisa's clit, rubbing it until she was almost at orgasm, and then taking it away. It was completely unnecessary and cruel, but this was Anastasia's way.

Behind her, a door opened and a tumult ensued, many laughing voices and banter. "Oh, god, no," she heard Anastasia gasp, and the young woman immediately and quickly retreated back against the wall, her bare feet slapping against the concrete floor. 

What was it? She listened to the banter.

" -- never seen a girl struggle like that before --"

" -- I still can't believe she did that -- "

" -- that was insane --"

" -- that poor girl. She was practically incoherent at the end -- "

There was a shush, and the crowd drew silent, suddenly and respectfully. A pair of hard-soled shoes strode up behind Lisa. With her placement in the pillory, she had no idea who it was. 

A hand slowly traced up and down her back, from just above her rear cleft to her shoulder blades and back down. She flinched at the first touch, but it was soft and gentle, a welcome respite from her typical treatment.

"So we have a new bottom, do we?" 

It was a woman's voice. Lisa tensed up. Men were rough, but at the same time they were simple. They would pinch and probe and grab, but eventually they would get too excited to hold off. They would shove their cock into her in one place or another, and they would pump her for a while, and then they'd be done. 

But the women, they were different. They were cruel, and they were knowledgeable. They knew how to touch a woman's body to maximize pain or pleasure or both. The women she had encountered this evening seemed to enjoy making her writhe and shriek, whether it was torturing her nipples or fingering her clitoris or pumping a dildo into one or more of her various openings. Lisa was a very attractive woman, and it seemed that the other women enjoyed humbling her. Any woman who had ever lost a man to a more attractive woman probably saw this as an opportunity for revenge, abusing a busty blonde with slender hips now to make up for losing their prom date to a similar woman 15 years ago. 
