 "Hey, are you okay, Erin?" asked the petite brunette woman when she realized that dark- haired woman keep staring into nothing since she first saw her 10 minutes ago.

"I'm fine, Claire. Just a little tired," said Erin, looking up at Claire with her blue-grey eyes.

"Should I get Florence?" asked Claire again with a concern look on her face.

"No, thanks. I'm fine, really. Don't bother her. She's busy this week especially with the upcoming project," said Erin. She sighed silently.

Claire excuse herself to finish her work for that day.

Since the incident with Julia, everybody from her family to her co-workers and bosses treated her differently. They act as if she's going to breakdown any moment. 

That night, the night when she went out with her friends where she get to experience Julia's bad side for the first time, Florence, Abby and Erin's four best friends had come to her rescue.

Caitlin who happened to know Julia and know her history, immediately went to Rebecca and told her about Julia and what she might do to Erin that night. Before they manage to do something, Julia already took Erin home.

So, they decided to call Florence. That is how they ended up at Julia's place and saved Erin.

Florence had made police report and get restriction orders for Erin.

Now, Erin live with Florence in her two- storey house and being taking care of and protected by her like a small child.

It had been six months now since that bad incident. Erin had changed her phone number to prevent Julia from calling her.

"Hey, honey, are you done? Let's get home," said Florence, standing in front of Erin.

"Wait. I need to switch off the computer first," reply Erin.

After switching off her computer and pick up her things, she get up from her seats and following her brunette friend to the elevator.

" Wanna dine out tonight?" asked Florence while waiting for the elevator.

"No. Can we just order some pizza or something? I just want to get home," said Erin.

" Okay. Sure," said Florence while smile weakly. Since that day, Erin has change a lot. She seems uninterested in everything, distant herself from everyone and always zoning out. Florence decided that she needed to do something about it. She will confront Erin tonight about her behavior. 

Later that night, after dinner, like usual, Erin will lock herself in her room. She will read something before going to sleep.

While she was reading, suddenly she heard a knock on her door.

"Come on in," said Erin.

The wooden door slowly open before Florence appear behind it. She closed the door behind her and come to sit at the end of the bed.

"Erin, I need to talk to you," said Florence. Erin gulped hearing the word 'talk'. This is it, she thinks. Of course Florence will notice her different behavior and will want to talk about it someday. 

"What is it?" asked Erin, pretend not to understand. She puts down her book on the bed.

"You know, I understand what you had gone through. You were hurt, scared and broken. But, it had been six months. You can't live like this," said Florence.

"Like what? I think I live pretty normally," said Erin, acted innocently.

"You know what I mean, Erin," said Florence. 

Erin sighed. She knows that she is being unsociable now, uninterested with everything and always seems lifeless.

After everything that happened with Julia, she feels like part of her being taken away. She still feels love towards Julia but at the same time, she hates her. 

"Do you know that tomorrow is Raeny's birthday?" asked Florence suddenly seems to change the subject.

"Really? Oh, yeah. You are right. I forgot," said Erin suddenly remembered about the birthday.

" Well, actually she had just call me. She is having a party tomorrow night at her home and she invites us. Wanna go?" asked Florence.

"I, er, I don't know," said Erin, looking away from Florence.

"You've got to be kidding, Erin. This is your best friend birthday party. Its rude not to go," said Florence.

"Okay. Fine. We are going tomorrow night," said Erin surrender.

**************************************************

After work the next day, Erin and Florence stop by one of the nearest shopping mall to buy present for Raeny.

After taking a shower and get dress an all, Florence drive them both to Raeny's.

"I wonder whether Raeny invited someone royal," said Florence suddenly while driving.

"What do you mean?" asked Erin, turned her head to look at Florence.

"There is one black limousine behind us. I don't think people from this type of neighborhood used limousine," said Florence.

"Maybe the driver lives here?" suggest Erin.

"Probably," said Florence. 

Once the reached Raeny's house, the immediately forget about the black limousine.

There are many people in Raeny's party which Florence and Erin don't even recognize.

Erin was sitting around by herself while Florence chatted with some people who she used to know.

" Hey, you've made it here," said Raeny who out of nowhere sits next to Erin. Even though it's her birthday, she's still dress in her everyday clothes. Tight jeans and yellow tee shirt.

"Yeah. Thanks for inviting me, Raeny," said Erin looking back at Raeny.

"What are you talking about? We are best friends. Besides, I really missed you. We all missed you How are you?" asked Raeny.

"Okay, I guess," said Erin . Looking at Erin for awhile, Raeny finally hugs Erin. They were hugging without saying a word.

After that, Erin met her other friends. They talked for a while before Erin excuse herself to go outside when the house started to get crowded.

Outside, she sits on one of the benches near small pond. 

"Erin," said a sweet familiar voice calling her from behind.

Hearing that voice, she gasped. The voice she missed. The voice that used to make her happy. The voice that she knows so well. The voice that she haven't heard for six months. The voice that make her scared to death right now.

Erin rose up from the bench and turned around just to come face to face with that green eyed woman who she used to love.

"J-J-Julia? W-w-what are you d-doing here?" asked Erin trembling.

"I missed you, Erin. I can't live without you," said Julia. Her green eyes seem almost teary. She was wearing jeans jacket with white shirt, black jeans and a pair of sneakers. Her red haired slightly moved when being blown by night wind.

"I'm sorry for what I did. I want you, Erin," said Julia again. She starts to come forward towards Erin. Erin took a step back.

"Don't come close. You know I have restriction order against you," said Erin while taking another step backwards.

"Please, Erin. I love you. I know you love me," said Julia. She starts to quicken her movement.

"No, Julia. I don't," said Erin. She feels like crying. She loves Julia. Saying that she doesn't love her and said it out loud to Julia herself really break her heart.

Before Julia could come any closer, Erin runs towards the house and called Florence's name aloud. Unfortunately, music from the house was loud and it was impossible for anyone to hear her cries.

Just a few inches more before she reached the backdoor, she was pulled away from behind by Julia. Using her left hand, she wrapped around Erin's waist and her right hand covered Erin's mouth to prevent her from screaming. 

Erin was kicking and struggling violently to release herself from her ex lover. But Julia proof to be too strong for petite and weak girl like Erin.

Release her left arm from Erin's waist, she reached for something from her jacket pocket. Before Erin could do anything, Julia cupped a white cloth to Erin's mouth and nose and now used her right hand to hold Erin. A few minutes later, Erin finally passed out and become immobile in Julia's arm. Julia picked her up and took her to the waiting black limousine.

**************************************************

Erin opened her eyes to an unfamiliar surrounding. Where is she? Are they moving? She feels like she was in some kind of a vehicles. Suddenly memories flooded back to her mind. She was kidnapped.

She sits up abruptly. She realizes that she is in a moving car. A spacey one. Like a limousine. That car is moving along an unfamiliar road.

"Easy, girl. You will get a headache," said the sweet voice.

On her right, there was Julia who still in her last night clothes.

"You kidnapped me," said Erin.

"No, not really. I just take back what I believe is mine," said Julia confidently while never break eye contact with Erin.

"I don't belong to you anymore, Julia. Let me go," said Erin.

"Are you sure about that?" asked Julia while moving closer to Erin.

Julia touched Erin's cheek with her right hand, caress it lovingly. Erin turn her head away from Julia's gentle hand, just to meet her left her on her other side of the cheek. Now, both of Julia's hand holding Erin's face. 

"Don't hurt me," begged Erin.

"I'm not going to hurt you. Not anymore. I want to love you," said Julia while looking at Erin lovingly.

Julia moves one of her hand to Erin's back and the other hand on her cloth covered breast. She cupped Erin's small breast and press it gently. A moan escaped Erin's mouth. Julia smiled.

"You missed me. Your body missed me," said Julia to Erin's ear. 

Erin can feels her face starts to blush, her sex getting wet and her breathe getting ragged.

Julia pulled down the back zipped of Erin's dress and make the dress drop to either side of her shoulder and revealing Erin's red lacy bra.

"Beautiful," whisper Julia before she puts her hand into the bra and begin threading Erin's cute breast. 

Erin can't help her moaning when having someone playing with her breast, pinching and twisting her nipples. Suddenly, that hand had left her breast and starts moving downward.

Erin's snapped back to reality. What the heck is she doing getting aroused by someone who tormented her before? 

"You can't touch me," said Erin. She pushed Julia away, almost making her fall from the seat and tried to zipped back her dress. But Julia is not the kind of person to gave up easily.

Julia grabbed Erin from behind, took off her dress, unclasped her bra and throw them on the floor, leaving making Erin naked on top. She cupped both of Erin's breasts while sucking her neck and grinding her crotch onto Erin's skirt covered ass.

"No, Julia," said Erin but feels herself getting aroused every minute.

Without Erin noticing it, Julia took out a handcuff from behind her. While still sucking Erin's neck, she brought both of Erin's hand and handcuff them. 

"What are you doing?" asked Erin surprised.

"Put your knees on the seat," said Julia.

Julia lifts her own knees on the seats. She pushed Erin against the seat while her body press on Erin's back, her left arm wrapped around Erin's waist. She put her kneeling foot in between Erin's and spread Erin wide.

Using her right hand, Julia enters Erin's panties from behind, grope Erin's cute tight ass for a while before travelling to her destination.

When she feels Erin's wet sex, she caress it lovingly, making Erin moan a little louder.

"Nobody enter here when I'm not around, right?" asked Julia lustfully. 

"Uh, no," answered Erin who feels cloudy in her mind right now. She wants a release right now.

"So, what are you saying just now? Do you not want me to touch you?" asked Julia, who actually using sex to control Erin.

Oh no, thought Erin. She's going to lose it. But, no. She's going to fight it and not giving in to lust.

"Yes. I don't want uh, huh, huh, you, huh, to, uh, uh touch me," said Erin, not being able to speak clearly while Julia play and teased her sex.

"Stubborn. But it's okay. I will let you taste it until you remember how much you love it," said Julia before sucking her neck and pinching her nipples again. Erin can't help to not moan louder.

Caress. Caress. Caress.

A few minutes later, more liquid dripping out from Erin's vagina. She makes sure that Erin is wet enough before thrusting one finger inside her.

"Uh," moan Erin feeling a small intrusion inside her.

She moans even louder when Julia thrust another two fingers inside her. She starts to pump her fingers in and out of Erin but take them out immediately when she feels Erin almost cum, leaving Erin frustrated.

Julia sits back on the seat before pulling Erin down to sit next to her. With her hand cuff behind and in her pre- orgasmic state, there is nothing she could do to protest whatever Julia have in mind. 

Erin's panty being pull down her feet by Julia. Julia tossed it away and pull off her skirt next, leaving Erin naked before her very eyes.

Caressing her sex again, Julia slowly parted Erin's legs wider, opening her vagina's lips and put two fingers inside. Erin tried to close her legs but failed when Julia came kneeling between her legs and using her body and her other hand to keep Erin's legs open.

Julia smile at Erin before lean forward to kiss her. They kissed for a few minutes, sucking each other mouth before Julia finally broke the kiss.

"I want to give you the best orgasm you ever had," said Julia with her fingers still inside Erin.

"What do you mean?" asked Erin confusingly. Sex with Julia was always great. How greater can it be? Suddenly her eyes open wide when it down on her what Julia mean. No way. She can't be serious.

" It's okay. I will hurt a little for the first time," said Julia while starting to put a third finger and the fourth finger.

" No, Julia. I don't want it. You are going to ripped me," cried Erin while trying to struggle, to move away from Julia's hand.

"Shhhhh, I will be gentle," said Julia assuring her.

"No, no, please, Julia. I'm scared," begged Erin now with tears running down her cheek.

"Don't worry. I'm here and I am the one who is doing this to you. I won't hurt you," assured Julia again.

"No, no. I begged you. Please don't," said Erin between sobs.

"It's okay, baby girl," said Julia before entering her fourth finger into Erin's vagina.

"Arrrgghhhhhhh, HURT, ITS HURT, TAKE IT OUT," scream Erin.

Suddenly Julia puts her thumbs and a few seconds later, her whole hand was inside Erin's vagina. She starts to move her hand inside Erin, attacking all her sensitive spots, making her scream louder and louder. 

When her orgasm hit her, it hit her real hard, making her scream stop, her back arch forward and cum juices gushing out from her sex and flooding the leather seats. Slowly and gently, Julia pulled out her hand from Erin's sex.

Erin starts to cry like a little baby.

"It's okay. You are fine," said Julia. She release Erin's hand and hold her tight.

***********************************************

Erin feels like everything was a dream. After Julia fist fucked her, she turned into some kind of zombie. She feels mindless even though she's fully aware of her surrounding. She remembered that the limousine had stopped. They reached a castle like place with Julia carrying her naked body in her arm and taking her into one of the room inside that fairy tale like castle. It was a nice room. Like a royal bedroom, with this all classic and vintage things. If she's not in her state of mind, she will feel terribly happy to spend her night in that kind of room.

She woke up with sun rays fall on her pretty face. When she open her eyes, a pair of green eyes greeted her.

"Good morning," greet Julia showing Erin her angelic smile.

" How could you do this to me?" said Erin angrily, glaring at her.

"I'm sorry," said Julia softly. 

"You think sorry can fix anything?" said Erin with anger. She pulled away the cover and realizes that she was wearing a nightgown. 

"I'm surprise you dress me. I thought you are going to keep me naked and raped me anytime you want," said Erin sarcastically.

"I'm not that bad," said Julia defending herself.

"Huh, have you no shame saying that after what you did to me?" asked Erin.

"Sorry. It's just that I can't control myself after six months not having you," said Julia while looking down, feeling sorry.

"Where's the toilet, I need to pee," said Erin while trying to get down from the princess- like-bed. Suddenly a terrible pain hit her on her crotch and makes her almost falling to her knee.

"Careful," said Julia. She catches her just in time and preventing her from falling to the floor.

"What was that? How bad you hurt me?" asked Erin wide eyed when she realized that she might ruin down there.

"No permanent damage. You are going to feel hurt for a few days. Don't worry. I have got my personal doctor to check on you. You are good," answer Julia.

"I can't believe you," said Erin before pushed Julia aside to make her way to the bathroom.

She checks on her vagina. Yes. At last nothing broken or ripped. Not that she can see anyway. But she still feels sore especially when peeing.

Coming out from the bathroom, Julia already left. On the small table not far from the bed, there is some fruits, sandwiches and a cup of black coffee.

Erin realizes how hungry she is. When was the last time she ate? She eats all the foods greedily. Tuna sandwiches. At least Julia still remembered her favorite sandwich.

After she finished her breakfast, someone comes knocking on the door. Before she could answer, the door opened and entered a middle aged woman in a maid outfit. She's pretty, thought Erin.

"Miss Erin, here some clothes for you. You are welcome to join Miss Julia for a horseback riding," said that woman while putting some clothes and a pair of boots on the bed.

Horseback riding? Is she forgetting what had she done to her private place? How is she going to ride a horse? Thought Erin feeling angry again at Julia.

"Where am I?" asked Erin to that maid.

"Castle of Bijou," answered that maid.

What the heck is castle of Bijou?

"No, I mean, which part of the country is this?" asked Erin again. At least if she know her location, she can planned her escape.

"Even if you know, you can't escape from here, Erin. This place belongs to me including the people. They are loyal people. If you run to them, they will bring you back to me," said Julia while standing at the door. Erin feels her face getting red from anger.

"Nara, you can dismiss," said Julia to that maid. Nara quickly left the room.

"What do you want from me?" asked Erin.

"I want you, Erin," said Julia.

"Are planning on keeping me as a sex slave?" asked Erin terrified by that idea.

"Oh, no no.no I want sex. But I want more than that. I want your love, your trust. I want to be the one to make you happy," answer Julia.

"How can I trust you? You can be that cruel. I don't know how cruel you can get. It scared me to accept you," said Erin sadly.

"I'm sorry, baby girl. I didn't mean to do that to you. I got jealous management," said Julia.

"If my friends didn't save me in time, how far will you hurt me? How about your last girlfriend, Lisa? I heard you ruined her pretty good," said Erin. Julia look pale when hearing Lisa's name.

"You are right. I can be really cruel. I hurt her bad and I can do the same to you. But my feeling for you is different from Lisa. I can forget her after a month. But with you, no, I can't. I want you. I don't want anyone else but you. Only you. I love you," said Julia with teary green eyes. She walks closer to Erin, touching her shoulder.

"I want to keep you here with me. I will do whatever it takes to make you fall for me. You are not going anywhere until I have you heart," said Julia again.

"This is not fair, Julia. You want to keep me here until I love you again. Have I no vote in this? Can't I decide for myself?" asked Erin when she realizes how cruel and unfair this situation to her. Tears streaming down her eyes while she dropped on the edge of bed while Julia kneeling down on her side.

"I can make you happy," said Julia now who also crying.
