 I've been dating Victor for about seven months now and, as you might imagine, we're pretty serious about each other. Vic lives with his parents, he's twenty-one and they're pretty strict, you know, rather old fashioned about things. When I stay over at their house, there's no such thing as sleeping coed. So, I bunk in with his sister, Marilyn, who is eighteen.

Now, don't get me wrong, Vic's parents are extremely nice, they like me a lot, yes, even love me as a future daughter-in-law, I think. They have made me feel like part of their family. I'm sure they know that Vic and I have sex every chance we get, it's just that they don't want to officially condone it in their own home.

My parents, well, they're much more lenient. When we stay there, we are in the same room. Yes, and bed.

So, a few months ago, I planned to stay over at Vic's. We had talked about maybe me sneaking down the hall into his room, but, we also knew that there would be hurt feelings if we tried to go behind his parent's back. So, it was separate sleeping quarters.

As I said, I bunked in with Marilyn in her double bed. I had before and, thankfully, she didn't seem to snore or toss and turn all night.

We had all stayed up late talking and when it really got too silly, everyone decided to call it a night and go our separate ways. It was just after one in the morning, so I was tired. After brushing my teeth and donning my nighty, I got in what was my side and Marilyn got in on the other.

I was soon asleep and after, maybe, thirty minutes or so, I woke slightly feeling the bed moving. As I woke, I began to realize that Marilyn was masturbating. It was the movement of the bed and the breathing that made me certain. I lay there listening to her breathing as it became faster and faster. I rolled over to face her and really couldn't make out anything in the darkness and then allowed my hand to fall against her. She was naked.

As soon as my hand touched her, she stopped.

"Lori, are you awake?" she whispered softly, then waited silently for an answer.

Laying there, listening to her labored breathing, I really didn't want her to stop what she was doing, it was turning me on, too, which I was enjoying. So, I didn't say anything back to her.

Then I could tell that she had quietly started again. I lay there, my pussy envious of the pleasure she was having, when I felt her touch my nighty. I let out a slight gasp and her hand jumped away. More on emotion than thought, I said, "I want to do it, too," and sat up and pulled off my nighty.

As I lay back to begin rubbing myself, Marilyn asked, "Would you do it to me?"

I was glad that the room was dark. The question certainly surprised me. I had never had any girl-on-girl experiences during my teen years, though many of my friends had, from what some had told me. In fact, it seemed fairly common.

I reached over and began to rub her pussy which was very wet.

"Oh, oh, Lori, oh, you make me feel so good."

She had turned her open legs toward me and I was rubbing my palm down over her pussy lips and clit. Her pussy was shaven, so my hand slid all over her as she pushed her mound up against my palm.

I'm still not sure why I did it but I leaned over and wiped my tongue up along her slit and she moaned which really turned me on. So I began licking her, even circling all around her inner thighs, narrowing as I went until I was tonguing her right in her slit.

"Ew, ew, oh, Lori, oh, god, that is so good. Oh, please do it more."

Her legs were now over my shoulders as I began to suck her clit which was erect and I probed her with a finger which got her moving her hips around and around trying to maximize her pleasure.

"Oh, oh, oh, Lori, I'm cumming, oh, oh, it's so good, yes, oh, yes, don't stop, oh, I'm...EW, EW, EW, OH, OH, oh, oh, you really...oh, oh, that was so...oh, Lori, oh, that was wonderful."

She moved over and we hugged and kissed for several minutes. None of this had ever happened with me before, sex and kissing and all, with a girl. But, I was sure sexed-up over it. My pussy was throbbing and wet.

Marilyn sat up, then got back down between my legs and began licking me all over my pussy.

I've been licked by several guys including Marilyn's brother, Vic. I can tell you that I just love having my pussy licked. I could lay there for hours feeling a man's tongue traveling all around my pussy. When he pulls me open and licks down deep inside, I just go crazy. It's a sure cum for me.

But, tonight, there was even something more added. Maybe it was the fact that it was a girl, I don't know. Or maybe because she's a girl, she just knows her way around a pussy better than most guys. I didn't know, and, I didn't care. It just felt wonderful. She knew exactly where to lick me, exactly when to push her tongue into me, exactly when to lick hard, when to lick softly, when to flutter her tongue over my clit, oh, she knew everything.

"Oh, Marilyn, oh, that feels so good. Ew, right in there, perfect. Oh, yes, yes,"

She was pulling open my labia and tonguing me inside on the entrance of my vagina, licking up and down and poking with her tongue, just lapping me. I was thrusting up at her like I was in a seizure, oh, it just felt so good.

"Oh, oh, you're making me...Oh, oh, that's so...oh, I feel so...oh, I'm gonna...ooh, ooh, oh, Marilyn, oh, that was so good."

I pulled her up to me and we kissed for a long time; deep, open, passionate kisses; the kind of kisses I was used to giving her brother. My head was spinning with all this new feeling. I love Vic. I know I do. And I love fucking him. And I love, oh, I can't think it right now.

Marilyn bends down and begins sucking on one of my nipples as she rubs my pussy. God, this feels so good.

"Oh, I love you doing this, Marilyn. It just feels so good when you rub my pussy like this."

Then she put two fingers inside me and began fucking me with them as she continued to suck. I was just swept over with sensual feelings. It all just felt so good.

I lay back as she worked her fingers in and out of me and rubbed my clit with her thumb. Oh, it was feeling so good. Better and better. I was headed for another orgasm.

"Oh, just don't stop, oh, do it right there. Right there. Yes, yes, OH, OOH, OOH, oh, oh, I'm so happy, I feel so good. You've made me feel so good. Mmm, I want to do you."

I decided that I wanted to get back down between her legs so I got up and reversed over her in sixty-nine fashion and we began sucking and licking each other. There were moans over and over in the darkness as we pleasured each other endlessly.

I have never tasted another pussy before. And, I don't know if Marilyn's was typical or not, but it tasted nice, slightly salty, but nice. I have tasted mine, at least Vic has told me I'm 'yummy' and I have licked my fingers after masturbating to see what it's like. Marilyn does get very wet and I'm sure she's finding out what several guys know about my pussy. I get wet and I get wet a lot. I have to wear pantyliners on dates or I leave wet spots. So, I'm sure she's getting a lot of my juices. And, I'm sure I'm giving off a lot of juices. I am juiced-up, tonight, for sure.

It feels so good, that I am pressing my pussy down on Marilyn's face as she tries to tongue me, my pussy is just in a frenzy of lust and I am going at her like I have never done before on a man, ever. I was just so aroused, so worked up, so sexually excited that I had little control, little thought, just drive, drive for pleasure, for sexual satisfaction, sexual gratification. I just wanted more. I wanted to cum, and cum, and cum again.

We just kept at each other for at least another hour. We finally collapsed on each other, kissing with mouths drenched in each other's juices, tonguing our mouths, rubbing each other's breasts.

We finally fell asleep entwined in each other's arms, our skin tight together from head to toe.

Sometime during the night, I felt Marilyn's hand trying to work its way between my legs so I rolled on my back and spread wide. The next thing I knew she was down licking me and my heart was racing again. I just wanted it to go on and on. I couldn't hold still, it felt so good, I just had to squirm and wriggle as her tongue flicked back and forth across my clit.

Then, I felt her finger go in me and I jumped as a warm gush of pleasure shot through me.

"Oh, OH, oh, it feels so good, oh, don't stop, no, please don't stop, keep doing it, oh, right there. Oh, right there. Yes, yes."

I just never wanted this to end. I couldn't believe that another woman could give me so much pleasure. I was just consumed by it. It was the most thrilling sex I've ever had, far better than my first time (somewhat of a let down, actually) or even the only time I had two guys overnight. One hell of a time, but this was better. Hotter. Oh, much hotter.

After she gave me an orgasm, I jumped between her legs and gave her a frenzied tonguing. She was writhing and jerking as I held her labia open and lapped her on and on.

"Oh, Lori, god, that feels so good, oh, make me cum, make me cum."

Her legs gripped my head as I licked and flicked back and forth across her pussy savoring her sweet, hot juices.

Soon, her hips began pushing against my face as I heard, "Oh, OH, OOOH, lick me, lick me, oh, Lori, oh, suck my pussy, oh, more, please, more, more, please, don't stop, just don't stop."

She slumped back as I continued to lick that wonderful, magical place between her legs as she moaned on and on.

"Oh, Lori, I love you so much. You've made me so happy tonight. Oh, come here, I want to kiss you so much," and I got up and we embraced as kissed and hugged until we finally fell asleep once again, our lust temporarily sated.

Then, there was a knock on the door and Marilyn's mom told us everyone was getting up. Marilyn rolled up over me and kissed me deeply and said, "I love you, Lori, I'll take you any time you want me. And, I'll never tell Vic."

And, that was what happened. I have never had any interest in other women and I am engaged to Vic and when I visit their house and stay over, I always begin yawning about ten o'clock so Marilyn and I can have a full evening of frenzied, naked sex.

I just never knew.