 It started with a phone call out of the blue. It was Annaliese.

"I want to ask you a favour, but I'm not really sure how to go about it."

"You know you can ask me anything, I wont' judge." I replied.

"Yeah, I'm just not sure... well... you know how we played that kissing game the other week? Spin the bottle?" She asked.

I started to feel a premonitory tingle. "Yeah?"

"Well ever since then I've been..." She trailed off.

"Ahhh," I replied knowingly. "You've been wondering about girls?"

"Well yeah, and since I know you're experienced in this kind of thing, well, I was wondering if you'd help me out?"

"Sure," I answered after a brief pause. "When would you like to? Your place or mine?" She laughed.

"I guess your place makes more sense, um... is tonight too soon?"

"No, that should be okay, I guess I'll see you soon?" I replied.

"Yep, be there shortly."

While I was waiting, I had a talk to my boyfriend. "Are you sure you're okay with this?" I asked worriedly.

"You know I am Angel, it's really not a problem. I know a girl can give you something I can't." He said, smiling at me.

Suddenly there was a knocking at the door, and I jumped, flashing my boyfriend a concerned look. "Its okay, really." He said, reassuringly. I opened the door, to see Analiese standing there in her track pants and a big sweater, smiling nervously. "Come in," I said stepping forward to give her a hug. "I guess we should head to my room?" I queried. Analiese nodded. "I guess so."

I led her to my room, and closed the door behind us. "Have a seat," I suggested gesturing to the bed. I moved around to the other side and sat next to her. "We don't have to do anything you don't want to, so feel free to say if you feel uncomfortable. How far do you want to go?"

She shrugged as she removed her sweater. "I'm not really sure. Can we just start with kissing and see how we go?"

"That's fine," I said, pausing to admire the black boob tube she had on, she clearly wasn't wearing a bra. "Are you ready?"

Analiese smiled nervously. "I am."

Incredibly, as I looked into her eyes my breath halted, stuck in my throat. I know that sounds really lame, but I hadn't really noticed before quite how beautiful she was, with her long curly dark hair and big brown eyes. And she was so petite, like a doll, but with an actual ass. I felt my nipples go very very hard, and I leaned in to kiss her.

I felt her breath whisper against my lips just before she pressed her mouth to mine. Her tongue was soft as it slipped inside, and I slid my hand into her hair, pulling her closer. Our kiss became deeper and deeper, and soon I was crushing her mouth against mine. Her hands were holding my face close, and she was whimpering into my mouth.

I eased back gently, feeling my lips cling to hers, and our mingled saliva moistening the air between us.

"Is this what you had in mind?" I murmured, tucking a strand of hair behind her ear. Analiese sighed contentedly. "Yeah, it is." She replied. "Do you want to take it further?" I asked, surreptitiously crossing my fingers that she would say yes.

"I'm not really sure," she said, pulling back. "I think that might be enough for now."

"Oh," I said, disappointed. "Well, maybe just another small kiss?" I asked, hopefully.

Analiese leaned toward me, tilting her head for a kiss. Once again we were swept away in the moment. I ran my hand down her face, following it with my mouth, and gently suckled on her earlobe. Her gasp gave me goosebumps, and as I ran my tongue down her neck I could hear her breathing escalate exponentially. When I started nibbling on her neck, the breathing grew heavier still, interrupted by whimpers that got louder by the moment.

I started stroking her throat and upper chest with my fingers, getting closer to her boob tube each time. I could feel her getting more relaxed by the moment, despite the almost tangible sexual excitement throbbing in her.

I moved my hand onto her breast, stroking her through her clothing. Analiese inhaled sharply, her nipples hardening instantly. My pussy was so wet I could feel a drip of my juices slowly winding its way down my leg. I suddenly felt an overwhelming urge to suck on her nipples, so I pulled her boob tube down and set to work enjoying her small but firm breasts and small pink nipples. Analiese cried out with pleasure, and lifted her hips up off the bed, ineffectually trying to grind against me. I obliged her, rubbing her pussy through her pants as I continued to nibble, suck and lick her breasts all over.

Soon she was pressing forcefully against my hand, and I pushed back. She was grinding against me so hard I was worried about hurting her. Taking the hint, I slid my hand inside her pants. As I ran my hand down her stomach towards her mound I noted that her pubic hair was trimmed but not absent, which was definitely my preference, as was the delightful lack of panties.

I slid my fingers between her engorged pussy lips, reveling in the slippery wetness as I explored her smooth warm folds. I teased her unmercifully, stroking everywhere I could reach except her clit. I figured that when I did she'd probably orgasm quickly if her reactions were anything to go by. Wishing I had a strap-on handy, I slowly slid two fingers inside her pussy, feeling the tight wet warmth envelop me.

Analiese arched her back, squeezing her pussy tight around my fingers. I winced, waiting for the pressure to ease before slipping out of her pussy slightly, and thrusting back in.

"Stop," Analiese protested. I slid my fingers out, confused. "Just let me take my pants off," She muttered, "Then it'll be easier."

"Excellent," I smirked. I watched admiringly as she got off the bed and slipped her pants off, followed quickly by her boob tube. She really did have a fantastic body. Pert smallish breasts with pink nipples, a very slight curve to her stomach, and flaring hips leading to a nicely round bum. Her arms were long and slender, as were her legs, although slightly curvier. She was very petite, barely reaching my chin, with a delicate face and hands. She had big brown eyes, and pouty lips, with long dark curly hair. Beautiful.

I held my hand out invitingly, and she took it, lying down on the bed beside me.

Laying my hand on her cheek, I rubbed my thumb across her sweet lips, following it quickly with my mouth. I really did find her too tempting to resist. Wrapping her lithe arms around my neck, Analiese pressed her body up against mine as I plundered her delicious mouth with my own. I could feel her pert breasts rubbing against mine, and when she slid her leg up against my thigh I almost spontaneously combusted.

I kissed her harder, suddenly feeling like the seduced rather than the seducer, and filled my hands with her perfect breasts. I rolled her nipples between my fingers and thumbs, and was rewarded with a gasp into my mouth. I tweaked them a little, and impossibly, they got even harder. Bending my head down I suckled her nipples again, kneading her small breasts, and then rubbing my face between them.

Keeping my hands where they were, I kissed my way down her stomach, pausing to huff gently into her belly button. She giggled and wriggled a little beneath me, and I felt her pussy rubbing against my chest. Getting impatient now, I buried my face in her pubic hair and slid my arms down to hold her legs apart. I could smell her muskiness as I breathed in, and waves of heat were radiating from her skin.

"Please?" She whispered, so I obliged, separating her slippery pussy lips and licking from as far down as I could reach right up to her pubic hair. I gently sucked her cunt lips into my mouth, then swirled the tip of my tongue around her swollen clit. I started slowly at first, then got faster and faster. Suddenly her legs clamped around my ears, and I felt her hands tangled in my long hair, grinding my face into her pussy.

I filled my mouth with as much of her as I could manage, sucking, licking, and biting. I could hear her moans getting louder, so I knew she was probably close to cumming. I slid my fingers inside her, and started flicking her clit with my tongue, trying to keep my thrusting and flicking in time. I was rewarded almost instantly, as I felt a gush of pulsing warmth around my fingers, and pussy juices running into my mouth.

Analiese still had her legs tight around my head, and was grinding against my mouth frantically as she came, whimpering and keening in ecstasy. I swallowed as much of her cum as I could, although I had little chance to savour the taste at first. Eventually as her body relaxed around me, I carefully and softly licked her pussy clean, feeling her shiver as I touched sensitive spots. After a few minutes, Analiese pulled me up so that we were eye to eye, and kissed me soundly. "Your turn?" She asked coyly.