 Life can be funny sometimes. You think you know what you want, and you do everything in your power to get it. But life throws you a curveball that hits you smack in the face. And while you're sitting injured on the bench, something better comes along. Something unexpected.

My 'unexpected' was Jenna Swallow. Even though we were classmates all through high school, we were never really friends. So naturally, we didn't keep in touch after graduation.

It was a chance encounter three months ago that brought us back together. We have been inseparable ever since. Well, at least when we aren't fighting because I still missed having a cock inside me every so often.

Jenna was a lesbian, but I didn't know that until we had reconnected. Ever since, she has been doing her damndest to convert me "to the dark side." It was looking good so far.

We had just spent the last two weeks in a rented villa in Grosetto, Tuscany. Halfway through the trip, though, I had a breakdown regarding the lack of cock in my life now which resulted in our first fight. Sure, we'd made up and enjoyed the rest of our stay trying not to bring up said topic. It had been hard, but Jenna had a way with distracting me. Her and those hands. Fingers. Lips. Teeth. And that tongue.

"Kat, are you listening to me?" Jenna snapped two of those fingers near my ear now.

I pulled my eyes away from the view outside the train's window. It was dark except for the occasional light from a far-off house, so there really wasn't anything to see. Only one of the lights over our seats was on, so it was fairly dark inside as well. Most of the car was actually empty, but there were a few travelers at the far end.

"Hmm?"

"I said, we'll have a longer layover this time in Florence going back to Paris."

I glanced at my watch. It was only about six-thirty. "How much longer?"

"Overnight. The next flight isn't until seven-twenty in the morning. I booked us a hotel room."

"Are you serious?" I clenched my hands in my lap, trying to control my excitement. A night in Florence!

"Hmm mmm." Jenna nibbled on her lower lip, her eyes shiny black orbs as they watched me.

I reached across the aisle and grasped her fingers in mine. "Were you afraid I'd be disappointed?"

"I wasn't sure." She set her book aside and took the empty seat next to mine. "I know how bad you want to get back to Paris. We could have taken an earlier train, but I did enjoy spending the afternoon in bed with you."

I blushed, remembering how we'd slept in, ate breakfast, had sex, slept again, ate lunch, had more sex, and then skinny-dipped in the pool before we packed and called a cab to take us to the train station. "I enjoyed it, too. Just as I'll enjoy our one night in Florence. It'll be special. Thank you for thinking of the hotel. For making all these extra plans."

She raised her eyebrows. "Really?"

I leaned forward and brushed my lips against hers to prove it was all okay, not caring if anyone walked by and saw us. My inhibitions were getting much looser. Just two weeks ago, I was afraid to show any affection with Jenna at all in public. Now? I couldn't give a rat's ass, especially since I'd probably never be visiting here again.

For some reason, I was feeling especially randy. Maybe it was the excitement of a surprise overnight stay. In Italy. Maybe I was shedding my old self and letting my true person come out. Or maybe I just got really horny whenever Jenna was around, and she had teased me earlier, deciding to be naked while we packed our suitcases but not letting me touch her.

I peeked back around my seat. Yep, still dark and deserted for the most part.

"Kat?"

I turned my head back to her just as slowly as she said my name. Except when I faced her again, I was grinning like the cat that ate the canary.

Her eyes squinted as she crossed her arms. "What are you up to?"

"Living on the wild side. Now, shh."

"Oh, sweetie." Her moan was deep and made my skin tingle. She knew. And she was for it.

I put my finger to my lips.

I heard her suck in her breath when I stood up, shut off the light, and pulled down a travel pillow and blanket from the rack above our seats. I put the pillow on the floor at her feet and knelt before her. Her hands gripped the arm rests as I unbuckled her belt and lowered her zipper. She lifted her hips, and I shimmied her shorts down to her ankles where she stepped one foot out of them.

I draped the blanket over my back. Before I covered my head and her lap, I glanced up at her. "Don't. Make. A. Sound."

Then I was really in the dark. It didn't matter. I only needed the senses of touch, smell, and taste.

Starting at her knees, I slid my hands along her thighs, massaging, spreading them wider. I heard a muffled sigh as my fingers inched higher. I could smell the heady scent of her arousal. When I reached her pussy, I grinned wider. She was wearing a thong, which benefitted me in this situation.

Taking one finger, I ran it up and down over the small swatch of fabric covering her. When I pressed my finger in, pushing the material into her folds, I felt her hands rest on my head. I rubbed against her through the fabric a couple of times. I really wanted to draw this out, but I was afraid we'd be caught, or that I hadn't allowed enough time before we reached our destination.

I kissed the inside of each thigh and then slid my index finger under the fabric, pulling it aside. After one long sniff, which made me a little dizzy, I stuck out my tongue and very slowly ran it up the length of her very wet pussy. The heat rolling off her hit my face, making me moan.

Jenna smoothed her hands over my head in small circles, her hips bucking slightly.

I took this as encouragement and got down to business. Flicking my tongue at her clit. Lapping up her fluid. Stroking all around her pussy with my fingers.

I twisted my left hand so it was palm up and penetrated her tight hole with my middle finger, still holding her thong aside with my right hand. I was getting so turned on by this myself. I half wished Jenna had taken the initiative and gone down on me. But I was having one hell of a time. I moaned and sucked her clit into my mouth, trapping it between my teeth as I thrust my finger in and out of her.

I don't know if I was being too loud, if someone was coming, or if it was just Jenna on the verge, but she suddenly squeezed her legs around my shoulders. I clamped my mouth down tighter on her, thrusting two fingers in her now, faster and harder.

Her thighs trembled beneath my arms, and I felt her internal muscles clenching and unclenching around my fingers before I felt liquid drench them.

I lightened up on my assault as she settled down, and then slowly withdrew. I licked my fingers clean, closing my eyes and stamping down a moan of delight. She tasted so fucking good. I straightened her thong, helped her get her foot back into the other leg hole of her shorts, and then slid them up her legs until she flung the blanket off me and finished redressing herself.

I took my seat again. Jenna was breathing heavy beside me. A quick glance at her revealed she was staring straight ahead at the wall of the car and the empty seats facing us. As my eyes moved down, I bit back a laugh. There were subtle teeth impressions below her lower lip. Boy, did she listen when I gave her commands!

A few minutes later, the intercom crackled and a voice came over the line in Italian and then English that we would be arriving in Florence in ten minutes.

I stared out the window again at the night sky around us as if I hadn't just eaten out my girlfriend's pussy on a train traveling through two of the most romanticized countries in the world.

###

"Chianti. Isn't that what Hannibal Lecter drank?" I picked up a piece of cheese and slowly nibbled at it. "With his fava beans?"

"You, sweetie, are odd." Jenna swirled the last of the wine in her glass and then drank it. "I rather like the taste of Chianti. Besides, we're still in Tuscany. Best to drink their signature wine."

"Odd? I shall take that as a compliment." I reached for another piece of cheese. "You seem pretty at ease on this trip. Like it's nothing to just jaunt over to Italy and Paris. You'd fit in well if you lived here."

"Yes, well, whenever I'm in the area, I try to come here to Acqua Al 2." She refilled her glass of wine and plucked a grape off the fruit and cheese plate.

It was suddenly hard to breathe. I clutched my napkin in my fingers. No. I wasn't hearing her right.

"I like their assaggi di primi. You know, the plate with the pasta samples on it? It's like a mini smorgasbord. Filling, yet it leaves enough room to— Kat?"

"Whenever you're in the area?" I tossed my napkin on the table. "How many damn times have you been to Florence, Jenna? And don't tell me it was when you were studying abroad in college. That was years ago."

"Kat, please. Settle down. I can explain."

"Just...just get our check. I want to leave." My bottom lip started to shake. I would not cry in front of all these people.

"What about the tiramisu? You love tiramisu."

I shoved back my chair and grabbed my purse. "I'll meet you outside."

The room seemed to close in on me as I wove my way through the mass of chairs and tables. The sounds around me seemed muted and amplified at the same time. My head hurt so much.

The outside door crashed open and I gasped for breath as I stepped onto the sidewalk. A couple walking nearby glared at me and then continued on their way. It started misting, and I leaned my head back to let the rain touch my face.

And suddenly, I wasn't in Florence, I was in Chicago. My girlfriend wasn't keeping secrets from me, my fiancé had just left me. My chest hurt now, too. I collapsed to the curb, my feet dangling into street. My past was never going to leave me.

Tears mixed with the rain that plastered my hair to my face. My clothes were soaked through. And it all reminded me: If Danny hadn't broken our engagement, I would never have been wandering in the rain...or found Maggie's Lounge...or had Jenna take me home...or gone to Tuscany with her...or be here in Florence living in this vicious cycle that seemed more like a horror movie I couldn't escape.

"Kat? I've called a cab." Jenna's voice was soft in my ear as she put her arms under mine and helped me to my feet. "It's going to be all right."

I sniffled as I leaned on her in the backseat of the cab. As we drove through the streets of Florence to our hotel. As she helped me up to our room.

I sat on the bed, barely noticing as she stripped her clothes off and disappeared into the bathroom. I heard water running. She returned to me and removed my clothes, which was a little difficult because they were stuck to my skin.

"Come on, Kat." She helped me up once again and we stumbled to the bathroom.

The lights were off, but candles flickered on the countertop and on a shelf above the bathtub. I took a deep breath when Jenna instructed me to, and I smelled the calming sweetness of lavender. Slowly, she got me into the tub, but I wasn't sitting all the way back. Instead, I was in the middle of the tub, leaning forward with my knees pulled up to my chest. I dropped my chin and watched my breasts as they rose and fell with my labored breathing and the bobbing water.

"Good girl, sit still."

I felt her arm brush my shoulder, and then she climbed in behind me. Once situated with her legs on either side of mine, she gently pulled me back against her chest. My damp hair had begun to dry in clumps that now hung over my face. I didn't care. I turned my head on her shoulder and watched the candles flickering, mesmerizing me until I had to close my eyes.

Jenna didn't say anything. She didn't give me any answers. She didn't ask me any questions. I was kind of glad. I didn't have the energy to listen or to think so I could react properly.

We had worked on sensation play within the last month. Usually, she would blindfold me and use her mouth or fingers to touch me. Sometimes she used feathers or vibrators. The point was to heighten my body's sensitivity...my reactions to various textures and methods of touch. To arouse me sexually and increase the intensity of my orgasm. However, she had used these methods to relax me as well. 

Now, spooned in an authentic Italian bathtub, she rubbed a sponge over my chest. It was very comforting, especially when she squeezed the sponge and warm water dribbled down over my chilled skin. Her other hand smoothed my ratty hair back from my face, lightly caressing my cheek.

For the longest time, she just held me as the scent of lavender invaded my nose and head. Eventually, my shuddering subsided. Then my body relaxed completely. I had tried to hold onto her arms at one point, but my muscles felt like liquid so I let my own arms plop into the water, my hands resting on her thighs.

Part of me wished she would touch me more, distract me from my thoughts. But really, I just wanted to sleep. I think she knew that, too, because she leaned me forward again and climbed out of the tub. When she pulled the stopper, I stared at the water between my legs as it swirled down the drain in a mini whirlpool.

"Come on, Kat, help me."

I moaned softly as she flung my right arm around her neck and she wrapped her own arm around my back. I managed to push up with my feet and my left hand, cringing at the dull pain from the latter region. Although the doctor had said the bones were fine now, he was right that I'd probably suffer long-term side effects of the break. If I put too much pressure on it the wrong way, it was always going to hurt. I just knew it.

I stared into the mirror above the sink as Jenna patted my skin with a fluffy towel. It was a little comical, watching her dry all of my intimate places. I felt like laughing. And then I did let out a giggle. I got a raised eyebrow and a glare at my reflection in response. I clamped my mouth shut and let her finish in peace.

She wrapped me in a hotel robe and led me to sit on the edge of the bed. I could see city lights outside the window between the part in the curtains. When Jenna ran a comb through my hair, I closed my eyes. I loved it when she played with my hair. It was so relaxing.

I don't remember falling asleep, but I guess I must have. I woke in the dark, still wearing the robe. I was hot. And I had to pee.

I managed to slide out of bed without waking Jenna and headed to the bathroom. On the way, I dropped the robe on the floor. I chugged several glasses of water before going back to bed.

When I slid between the sheets, I faced Jenna. I loved how serene her faced looked when she slept. I wondered what she dreamed about. Did she feel guilty at all about not telling me she'd been to Florence before this trip...multiple times?

Maybe I was the guilty one. I snorted softly. Yeah, guilty for being jealous. She said she'd never wanted another woman besides me. But did that mean she hadn't tried to be with one? Had she brought her here?

I sighed and reached out to tuck a strand of hair behind her ear. Her lips parted, and her breath escaped to brush against my wrist. Something in my heart fluttered. Did it really matter that she might have brought someone else before me? She didn't resent me for my past boyfriends, for Danny. I shouldn't fault her for her past, either. I needed to remember that she was with me now.

I lightly kissed her lips and rolled onto my stomach, drifting back to sleep with a smile on my face. Tomorrow we'd be in Paris!

###

"You're in a better mood today." Jenna gave me a quick once-over and returned to packing her bag. A moment later, she paused with a hairbrush in her hand and turned back to me. "I'm sorry about yesterday. I should—"

"No, water under the bridge." I smiled and took the brush, pulling my hair up into a ponytail.

"Kat, I would feel better if I did explain." She sat beside me on the bed. "Remember Tim Jacobs, my boss? Your old high school crush?"

I rolled my eyes. "Please do not tell me you came here with him."

Jenna laughed, the sound low and musical, making me smile. "No, but the first couple of years I worked for him, he sent us all over the world for business. Whenever it was to Italy or France, I put my name in. I had my favorite places to visit when I was here in college. I love my job, I just don't like my boss. So sometimes I would go out of my way to get down here to Florence. Visit a few old haunts. Put it on the company credit card. Over on this side of the ocean, they think nothing of going to a different country for a day. It's not like in the U.S."

I smiled and handed the brush back to her. "It's okay. Really. But thank you."

"I wasn't trying to keep it from you. I told you I used to travel for work sometimes. At least up until last year. With the economy and new technology, they cut back on the overseas traveling and do conference calls now. I just didn't think it would matter that I'd been here before." She kissed me. At first it was light and soft. Then she deepened it, drawing it out. When she pulled away, her eyes locked on mine, her voice a whisper. "I'm sorry that you thought I was hiding it from you."

"I'm sorry I didn't trust you." I licked at her lips and kissed her back.

"Stop it, or we'll miss our flight." She pushed me away and groaned, but it sounded more like one of regret, not frustration. She wanted to make out...to make up.

I echoed her groan. She wasn't the only one.

###

It was déjà vu stepping off a plane at the Paris airport. But this time, we didn't have to stay in the terminal. It took less time than I expected to retrieve our bags, and soon we were in a taxi heading toward our hotel. Just like in Florence on the way to Grosetto, I plastered my face to the window, trying to drink in as much of the surroundings as possible.

I tried to imagine the two of us strolling down the sidewalks, arm in arm, giggling and pointing out the sights. Or rather, Jenna pointing them out to me. Maybe even taking me to some lesser-known haunts from her previous visits. In any case, I was glad to be here. With her.

"Merci beaucoup,"Jenna said.

I watched her hand the taxi driver some euros, then I swung my head in the other direction, staring once again at the Eiffel Tower. I mean, it was right there! Well, in the distance, but it was huge! And no more than probably a five or ten minute walk.

There was a loud bang behind me and then one directly over my head, making me jump.

Jenna leaned her head down into the doorframe. "Once again, Kat, if you don't move your butt, I'm leaving you here to fend for yourself."

This time, she meant it because she turned and disappeared into the hotel with her suitcases.

"Rester ou quitter?" The cabbie's smile was missing a couple of teeth, but he had that weathered kind of face that made you think of a homely father. Plus his beret was tilted just-so that I couldn't resist smiling back.

"I'm sorry, I don't understand." I shrugged and shook my head.

"Fermer la porte."

"Um...hold on." I held up one finger and was reaching for my purse to find my quick translator when someone yanked on my arm and pulled me from the cab. When I was on my feet on the sidewalk, gasping for breath, I stared up at Jenna.

"I swear. You either need to learn some more common phrases or I'm leaving you in America next time." She closed the rear door and leaned in through the passenger window. "Je suis tellement désolé au sujet de mon ami."

"Votre petite amie est magnifique." The cabbie waved and pulled away from the curb.

"What did you say to him?"

"I told him I was sorry for your incompetence."

"You did not!" I rubbed my right arm where she had grabbed me. For a moment, it reminded me of how rough she could get when we had sex sometimes, and I smiled. Then I frowned again. "What did he say back?"
