 "B-baby oil?" I stammer, not sure I heard correctly. 

Candice, my best friend and secret crush, laughs at my confusion. 

"Yes, baby oil. I've recently done some reading about massage and I'd like to give it a try, if you don't mind." 

My head is spinning, and my heart feels like it wants to escape my chest. 

"No, I don't mind. Not at all!" 

We reach my bedroom and I hand her the bottle of baby oil on my dresser. 

"Okay, now strip and lie down on the bed", she commands, and I realize I am trembling with excitement.

"Oh, that feels so good!" Candice's hands are expertly kneading my naked back, getting rid of all the knots that have taken up residence there. 

"I'm glad you're enjoying it. Are you sure you're not too cold? You're shaking." 

I don't want to tell Candice that I'm trembling with excitement. I can feel myself getting wetter by the second! 

"No, I'm fine, thanks." I manage. 

But all I want to do is beg her to dip her fingers in between my pussy lips and lavish the same attention on my clit that she is currently giving my back.

After the exquisite back massage, Candice moves down to my buttocks. As she's rubbing and kneading me, I can feel my clit throbbing with need. I'm so horny that I just want to jump up, tear her clothes off and have my way with her! 

After some awesome attention on my buttocks, she moves down to my legs. She starts at my ankles and slowly and methodically works her way up. First my calf muscle, and then up to my thigh. Every time her hand moves up my thigh I have to force myself not to open my legs and give her access to my aching core. 

She starts on the other leg using the same routine, from the ankle upwards. As her hands move up my thigh I can feel my wetness leaking out between my labia. I'm horny and ashamed at the same time.

Suddenly her fingers brush my labia and my breath catches in my throat. Was it an accident? Her hand is moving down my thigh again and I try to relax. But my heart is racing and my breath is coming in short gasps. As her hand moves back up my thigh I try to convince myself that she must have brushed my accidentally, and that it won't happen again. 

Her fingers lightly brush my labia again and I gasp. Very lightly she starts rubbing and tickling my pussy lips. I can barely breathe as I feel her fingers touching me there. I spread my legs further apart to give her more access. 

She finds the wetness seeping out of me and I cry out as she slips her fingers in between my labia and starts lightly rubbing up and down the length of my pussy, from my wet opening to my throbbing clit. I'm surprised at how close I am to orgasm already, but her light strokes keep me at the edge. 

Just as I want to beg her to move faster and harder, I feel her fingers enter my wet opening. Expertly she finds my g-spot and starts massaging it. I'm almost overwhelmed by the feeling of her inside me, massaging my very core! 

To my surprise I feel my orgasm building. I've never reached orgasm through any other way than my clit before, and yet I can feel myself getting close. My orgasm overtakes me and I cry out. It is the most intense pleasure that I have ever felt! I never want it to end! It fills up my whole world! Nothing exists but the pleasure and the gorgeous woman providing it. 

Finally my orgasm subsides, and I feel Candice's fingers slip out of me. I'm vaguely aware of the rustling of clothing in the background.

"Angela, please roll over." 

I turn over and see that she is naked, and also breathing heavily. She gets onto the bed and swings her one leg over my shoulder, positioning her pussy above me. Eagerly I dip my tongue in between her pussy lips and find that she is just as wet as I am. I'm too horny to take my time and I focus all of my licking on her swollen clit. 

She starts gently rocking her hips, grinding her clit against my moving tongue, moaning with pleasure. I'm aware that her movements are becoming faster and faster, and I increase the pace. 

As her orgasm hits her she throws her head back and screams. Her hips are moving rapidly back and forth and I can feel her wetness covering my mouth and chin.

Eventually her orgasm subsides and she falls down next to me.

"I'm sorry Angela, I know I should have asked first. But I have wanted to do that for a long time!"

I feel my face growing red. "It's fine, really! I've wanted to do it forever as well!"

She leans over and kisses me passionately. We kiss for what seems like an eternity, our hands roaming and exploring each other's naked bodies. I feel her slip her fingers in between my pussy lips, and I quickly do the same with hers. 

We continue kissing as we explore each other's wet pussies, and it's not long before we both reach orgasm, screaming into each other's mouths.

Finally we lie, breathing hard, completely spent. We hold each other, drifting off into sleep. My last thought before sleep overtakes me is "BEST. DINNER. EVER!"