 Last week I had a totally panty soaking experience. I met this 29 yr old sex kitten named Jennie. (She was from a small town.) I met here at a bar in town with some of my girlfriends when I spotted her. I could tell that she was younger then me, she had a incredible body, long tan legs, a nice tight ass, toned stomach and a pair of tits to die for. 

I started hitting on her when I went to get a drink, but it didn't take me long to figure out that she was total heterosexually. I love a challenge thought, so it was like hanging a red rag in front of a bull. 

We had a few drinks, a dance together and we soon were chatting away. She said that she was just passing through town on her way to visit her boyfriend. Toward the end of the night we had a slow dance together. Every pair of eyes in the bar was on us as I nuzzled her face and ran my hands up and down her body. She responded by copying me and giggled as we flirted.

When the bar closed it seemed obvious to go to my place, since having a lesbian romp on the couch where is was staying probably wouldn't have gone down to well. When we got back I fixed some drinks put on some music and sat down next to her on the couch. We talked about nothing much for a while, but in the end I couldn't control myself anymore and moved my hand from her knee slowly up her thigh. She had on kinky knee high nylons and a short skirt which I crept my hand under. I could hear her breathing suddenly get heavier as I reached nearer in to kiss her and her lips parted, allowing my tongue to probe in between them. After a few more seconds she suddenly started to respond passionately and it was like her floodgates opened.

She let out a little moan and then her hands moved up to grope my tits through my blouse. I moved my fingers up to her panties and she parted her legs to allow me to touch her. Her pussy felt hot through the cotton material and as I rubbed my fingers over her mound she groaned and pushed her hips up, trying to press her snatch harder against my hand.

Moving her hands off my tits, she used one to pull my head towards her so that we were kissing even more deeply while her other hand slid down to my pussy. She started to move her hand over my pussy as a shiver ran through my body. She was starting to get really wet now, her juices soaking through her panties and making them cling to every contour of her soft cunt flesh. Tugging her panties to one side I touched her bare pussy for the first time. Her lips were slippery, as I ran my fingers over them, caressing them gently and exploring all over her clit. That really got her going!

She undid my skirt and shoved her hand over my panties desperate to feel my cunt. She soon had a finger between my labia, slipping up and down my soaking slit as I struggled to shed my skirt and panties. 

Once free I searched out her clit and began to frig it, moving a fingertip back and forth over it. As soon as I touched her little bud her moans got louder. Without pausing, I slid down onto the floor between her legs, looking at her cunt which was soaked by now, I started to tongue her pussy lips as I continued to frig her little pink bud with my fingertips. 

I wriggled my tongue in between her pussy lips. As soon as the tip of my tongue was inside of her, she went wild, grabbing my hair and pressing her pussy harder to my mouth. I could hardly breathe as her juices were getting smeared all over my chin, but I didn't care, all I wanted to do was make her cum right in my mouth.

I pushed my tongue deeper inside her, pressing it against her cunt walls and lapping up the juices that were flooding out of her. Her clit was throbbing, as I increased the pace of my frigging as her orgasm approached. She came suddenly, letting out a yell and grinding her cunt against my mouth. Her legs clamped around my head, trembling and shaking as her cunt spasmed.

I lapped up all the juice which poured from her cunt, swallowing it down and probing deeper inside her for more. Eventually her legs relaxed their grip around my head and she slumped back as he climax subsided. I kissed up her body until I reached her lips. And she liked her own juices off my face.

I stripped her naked as we kissed and ended up lying on the floor with her on top of me. We grounded out pussies together, desperate to get a bit of friction on out clits. She reached down and started to finger me sucking my tits at the same time. She nibbled gently on my nipples until I was nearly frantic with lust.

The she licked down my body over my belly to my cunt. Her tongue searched out my pussy, diving in between my lips and getting to work on my pulsating clit. She tongued it quickly pushing me into a hugh orgasm within seconds. She licked my clit all the way through my climax pushing two fingers into me and fucking my cunt to increase my pleasure. I could feel her fingers deep inside me, squelching in and out of my cunt, as my first orgasm began to fade, another washed over me, making me scream loud. 

It took me several days after my heterosexually honey had gone to recover from that experience.