 The next orchestra day, I met up with Frances and Amanda. Ms. Thompson had not yet arrived. We stood near the podium. Mr. Battle, the conductor, was writing some lame joke on the board. One of the violists, Elaine, chastised him horribly. He came up with some remark, and, thus, life went on. 

"Are we going to Ms. Thompson's today?" Frances asked. 

"I don't know, Frankie, it all depends." I replied. 

"STOP THAT! I hate it when you guys call me that! When do you think we'll find out?" 

"Probably when she shows up." Amanda said. She looked extremely tired, but it's a Monday! What do you expect? The band room door opened and slammed shut. Michele walked in, followed by Ms. Thompson. Michele is Japanese-American, her father being Japanese, her mother being Caucasian. She has the complexion of an Asian, the same dark hair and eyes, but her attitude is distinctly Caucasian. She's your classic prep, but her looks make her appear more exotic than the rest. She was friendly, fun loving, and cute as a button with a southern accent. 

"Hey, guys!" Michele walked over to us. 

"Hi, Michele." We replied in unison. 

"Hi everyone." Ms. Thompson walked over. 

"Hi." We all said. 

"Can I speak to you three for a moment?" Ms. Thompson pointed to Amanda, Frances, and me. 

"Sure, I'll talk to you guys later." Michele went to talk to Briana. 

"Well, you guys can come over on Wednesday, if you'd like…but I might not be able to pick you up and take you home." Ms. Thompson said. 

"Oh, that's no problem. I can drive." Amanda flashed her keys. 

"Good deal." Ms. Thompson said, and walked off. Michele returned to us.

"What was all that about?" She inquired. 

"Oh…uhm…" I began, trying to find a good excuse and FAST. 

"Ms. Thompson invited us over and wants you to come, too." Frances piped up. Amanda and I looked at her, in shock. What the hell was she trying to do? 

"When?" Michele asked, beaming. 

"Wednesday." Frances replied. 

"Ok! I'll ask my mom!" Michele happily left us. Amanda and I turned on Frances. 

"What the HELL are you doing?!" I asked. 

"Isn't it obvious? Didn't you say you wanted Michele?" Frances asked.

"You can't go around inviting people to other people's houses without the other person knowing, Frances." Amanda said. 

"What do you want me to do? Uninvite her?" 

"Tell Ms. Thompson about it, at least!" I said. "Besides, nothing will come of it. Michele is…" I looked at her "unreachable." 

"Fine!" Frances stormed off. Amanda and I watched Ms. Thompson's expression when she received the news. It went from mild horror to pleasure. She beckoned me over. I glanced at Amanda before I ambled over to her. She gave me a hard look for a second, and then her face broke into a smile. 

"Are you excited about Wednesday? Your fantasy might come true…" 

"Well, sure, I guess. But the chances of that happening are very slim." I shrugged. 

"I wouldn't say that…" I stared at her until she walked away. I didn't understand her sometimes.

I took my position in the orchestra. I had a vantage point. I could see Ms. Thompson, Amanda, and Frances. Life was great, sometimes. When tuning, I caught Amanda's eye. She winked and giggled a little bit, before returning to her task. Out of my peripheral vision, I could see Michele, who sat behind me. Her lips were pursed in deep concentration on the pitch. Her hair fell in her face a bit, and she stopped to brush it away. She saw me looking at her, smiled, and resumed tuning. At this rate, I wouldn't be able to tune myself! I stopped perving and got back to work. 

Ms. Thompson helped people with tuning problems, and we played our pieces in preparation for the upcoming concert. 

"Ok, everybody. Let's play the Fur Elise." She said in her teacher voice. Frances, Amanda, and I exchanged a knowing smile. We'd heard her use a different tone of voice with us, a begging voice. We worked on the piece for the duration of the class period. When class ended, I caught up with Michele. 

"Hi! How's my favorite underclassmen friend?" I said, smiling. 

"Hey, Danielle. What are we gonna do Wednesday at Ms. Thompson's house?" She innocently asked. 

"Uhm…" I searched my mind for a quick, easy, answer that would quell her curiosity for the moment. "Lots of fun stuff…like…orchestral stuff." I said. 

"Oh ok. See you later!" She smiled and walked off. Whew! That was a close one! I only hope Frances doesn't give it all away. 

Wednesday arrives…

I strolled into the band room, feeling pretty good. I had spoken to Amanda the night before, and we got each other off. I was really nervous. I gripped my case with nothing short of a death grip. Looking around, I didn't see Amanda, Frances, Michele, or Ms. Thompson. Shrugging, I sat down in my usual spot and began unpacking my stuff. One of my friends in band walked over to me. 

"Hi, Danielle." She said.

"Yo, Angel…what's up, eh?" I replied. 

"Not much." She sat next to me. "Where's that chick?" 

"Which chick?" I said, snickering.

"The orchestra chick!" She poked my ribs.

"Ms. Thompson? That's a good question. Usually, she's here by now. It's about 7:35." I shrugged again. "She's a big girl, she can take care of herself, I'm sure." At this statement, Ms. Thompson walked into the door. Among her usual bags, I noticed a strange looking drink. It wasn't a Fruitopia, but I didn't give it too much thought. She came over, and Angel left. 

"Hi, Danielle. Are you excited about this afternoon? You haven't changed your mind, I'm sure." She smiled. 

"Well, I must admit that I'm a bit concerned about Michele. I mean…she's…Michele. How can I pull it off, ya know?" A smidgen of anxiety crept into my voice. 

"Relax; Michele will be fine." She put a reassuring hand on my shoulder before she turned to go. I watched her leave, doubting her word. Amanda and Frances arrived soon after, with the look of after glow plainly written upon their countenances. I smirked at them, and Frances almost blushed. Ms. Thompson, also, saw the pleasure on them, and shook her head, smiling. Amanda walked over. 

"Hi, Danielle. Ready for this afternoon?" She grinned mischievously.

"…Not really…" I nervously replied. 

"Ms. Thompson will take care of it. Don't worry. I'll talk to you later." She left to talk to her other friends. I wasn't so sure about that. Ms. Thompson was only human. What was she going to do? Employ the use of mind-altering drugs? Please, she wouldn't do that. Of course, then again, I didn't think she'd do me. I decided not to worry myself with it. Michele walked by. She looked as cute as per usual. 

"Hey, Danielle." She said on the way to her seat. "Can I be your stand partner today? Lawrence is out on a field trip. He's going with Slash, Bill, Saul, and Won right after announcements. So it just leaves you, me, Cathy and Alex." 

"Sure, Michele." I moved my music and instrument to sit next to her. The whole first violin section scrunched up together. The bass section was down to one. The second violins were all right. The violists were missing no one, but the cello section was made up of a total of two, Amanda and Briana. Of the two, while Amanda was section leader, Briana was the strongest. Mr. Battle was playing with them. I noticed he was rather quick to sit behind Amanda. He always did seem a bit jumpy around her, as if she made him nervous some how. 

I didn't bother too much with it, though, because I had bigger fish to fry. Michele was sitting next to me in a really short skirt. When we tuned, I couldn't help but notice that it rode up a bit, revealing quite a bit of toned flesh. I drooled a little, but caught myself. 

"Danielle? Danielle? DANIELLE!" I snapped back to attention. 

"Do you need help with tuning?" Ms. Thompson asked. 

"Uhm…y-yeah…" In my fascination with Michele's legs, I had forgotten to tune. 

"Give it here." Ms. Thompson took my violin and tuned it. She returned it in short order, with a look on her face that said, "CHILL! You'll get your chance later on!" I stared into her eyes for an instant. I was a bit calm, and able to function for the remainder of the day, though the thought of what was hidden under that skirt both tantalized and haunted me. The bell rang, and I headed for the band room. Amanda and Michele were ahead of me. I could see that Amanda was in her charming, flirtatious, mode, because of the way she leaned forward. Her hair fell in a way that was most alluring. Her eyes sparkled. She touched Michele in ways that could be deemed innocent, unless you knew her well. I nervously walked over to them. 

"Hey, Danielle." Michele greeted me with her sunny smile. 

"Danielle!!" Amanda gave me a big hug, which I happily returned. It wasn't the enjoyment of the hug, so much as the need for support. I felt like I was going to topple over at any given time. She pulled away after a moment or two. I was still a bit woozy. "Are you ok?" She asked. 

"Yeah…I'm good." 

"You don't look like it…"

"I'm perfectly fine. I'm just a little nervous is all."

"Why?"

"Because…uhm…" I nodded at Michele ever so slightly. 

"Ohhh! It'll be ok. Don't worry about it. Didn't I tell you Ms. Thompson would take care of it?" 

"She's only human, Amanda. I doubt she can make someone jump the fence." 

"She has her ways…" She smiled a bit mysteriously. I raised an eyebrow.

"…I won't ask. Look! There's Frankie. Hi, Frankie!" I waved at Frances. 

"What did I tell you about calling me that?" She punched my shoulder. It kind of hurt, and I told her so. She picked on me for a minute or two while Amanda went to get her things. 

"Are you guys done acting like freshmen? Can we go now?" Amanda asked. She seemed pretty impatient to get to Ms. Thompson's place. I shrugged, grabbed my stuff, and headed for the car. Amanda had a 99 Ford Explorer. It was a dark blue with plush seats and the ever-important CD player. I sat in the back with Michele, while Amanda and Frances were in the front. I couldn't help but glance at that skirt of hers. 

"Uhm…Michele?" I said.

"Yeah?" She turned to face me.

"Uhm…I couldn't help but notice your…er…attire. Isn't that skirt a bit…short?" 

"Well…I guess so." She shrugged. 

"I see…" So she was being a bit rebellious today. I turned away before I left a wet spot on Amanda's interior. That would just be unseemly. We arrived at Ms. Thompson's house a few minutes later. We stepped out of the car with our things and walked to the house. Ms. Thompson let us inside, and we sat on her couch. 

"So what will we play, Ms. Thompson?" Michele asked. Her eyes were practically brimming with innocence. 

"Uhm…I figured we'd go over some of the pieces for the concert. But, first, would you like a drink?" Ms. Thompson asked. I admired her quick thinking. 

"Well, sure. Do you have any fruit drinks?" Michele replied. 

"Sure." Ms. Thompson went to the kitchen to get a fruit drink for her and soda for the rest of us. 

In the kitchen…

Michele looked so innocent. I almost felt guilty for doing this. I poured the drinks into glasses, and returned to the room. 

"I have some recordings of some of the pieces we're doing in class." I handed each of them a CD player with the CD of the pieces they were having the most trouble with, with the exception of Michele. Michele's CD did contain one of our pieces, but it was embedded with a subliminal message that would make her uncontrollably horny. I almost laughed aloud. This was going to be almost too easy. I distributed the CD players, and sat back and watched. I gave Amanda the Gershwin piece, Danielle the Armed Forces Salute, Frances the Mozart, and Michele the Beethoven, laced with the subliminal messages. I sat back to watch. 

Danielle, Frances, and Amanda seemed pretty cool, but Michele seemed nervous. She squirmed around. She cast feverish looks around the room in no particular direction. Her eyes often fell on her friends, especially Danielle. I noted this with much interest. She squeezed her thighs together as if one with much practice in the action. Her cheeks became a bit rosier. Her chest heaved with her quickness of breath. Was she having an orgasm? Her song seemed to be finished, and so did she. She removed her headphones, and flopped against the pillows of the couch. The other girls finished with their CDs, and I decided to escalate things a bit. With the subliminal message, I, also, implanted a code word. I evilly grinned. This was going to be fun. 

"Michele", I said, "do you have something you'd like to share?" She went stiff, into an almost trance-like state. The others stared. 

Frances was the first to speak. "What did you do to her, Ms. Thompson?" She was in awe. 

"Well, I have her under my control for a while." I replied, almost smugly. 

"H-how…?" Danielle began to ask. 

"It's a long story. I might tell you guys later." 

"I-is she ok?" Amanda asked. 

"She's perfectly fine! It's like she's sleeping!" At this, the girls seemed at ease. 

"So what are we gonna do with her until she wakes up?" Danielle asked. She was eyeing her hungrily and smirking. 

"Down, girl, down!" I said, jokingly. "What do you want to do with her when she wakes up?" 

"Well…" Danielle spaced out for a moment, considering her options. "How much time do I have?" 

"All night. I talked her mom into letting her stay over." 

Smiling in an evil way, she gave her a once-over. "Now that you mention it, Ms. Thompson…There are a few things I'd like her to do." 

"Such as…?" 

"Oh…a little of this, a little of that." 

"Damn it, Danielle. Would you stop with the BS and get on with it? Quit beating around the bush." I couldn't believe it. She was almost shy about it all! "What's with you?" 

"Nothing. I just…uh…ya know…feel weird about it." 

"Why?"

"She's probably a virgin, for Christ's sakes!" At her outburst, everyone looked around a bit nervously. We hadn't considered that. 

"…And…?" 

"And…. and…. uhm…I don't want to try anything unless I know it's consensual."

I sighed, Danielle and her moral convictions. There were lines she simply wouldn't cross, and this was one of them. "I assure you, this is consensual." 

"…Are you sure?" 

"YES! FOR THE LOVE OF GOD, I'M SURE!" My eyes were blazing. 

"OK! OK!" She shrunk back a bit. 

"…So…uhm…yeah…what now?" Frances asked. 

"Ya know what? This was Frances' idea, and she's a better friend to Michele than I am. Maybe I should let the two of them talk before I…try anything." Danielle was trying to reason her way out of this. 

"Fine with me. Frances, when I wake her up, I want you to take her into the bedroom. Give her a pep talk, screw her, I care not what you do. Just be back in here in thirty minutes." Her rationalization had finally gotten the best of me. 

"…Ok…" Frances seemed a bit unsure. 

"Michele, you will not remember anything other than my commands. When you awaken, you will follow Frances into the bedroom. You will follow her instructions without question or complaint. Michele, share. " I said, firmly. Michele woke from her trance. She blinked a bit to clear up the cobwebs in her head, and smiled. It was as if nothing had happened. 

"Did I fall asleep?" She seemed bewildered. 

"Yes, you did." I answered. 

"I'm so sorry!" She blushed, and covered her face with her hands. 

"It's quite alright." I beckoned Frances over to me. She walked over. 

"Frances, the code word is 'share'. At that word, she'll fall into a trance, and you can command her to do anything you wish. Now, I want you to take her to the bedroom and do…whatever." Frances nodded. 

"Hey, Michele. Follow me." She said. 

"Ok!" The two girls left us. 

In the bedroom…

I led Michele inside, and closed the door. She sat on the bed, and I leaned against the door. This was just too weird. What was I supposed to say or do? How much did she know? I had to find out. 

"Michele," I began "let's play a game. Truth or dare?" 

"Truth or dare! My God, Frances, I haven't played that since middle school!" 

"Come on! Just answer the question!" 

"OK! Truth." 

"Have you ever…done anything…sexually?" 

She blushed. "No." 

"Have you ever thought about it?" 

"Yes." 

"When you thought about it, did you ever think about anybody from school?" 

"…Yes." 

"In orchestra?" 

"…Yes…"

"Boys or girls?" 

"Frances, I don't like this game anymore." 

"Michele, answer the god damned question." 

"Well…girls…" 

"Which section?" 

"All of them." 

"In your section?" 

"Well…there are only three, including myself…"

"Cathy or Danielle?" 

"…Danielle…"

I smirked. This had been easier than I thought it'd be. "Do you ever masturbate when you think about her?" 

"…Yes…" 

So she wasn't as pure and virginal as we had thought. "Michele, share." At this, she froze and went into her trancelike state. What should I have her do? Should she seduce Danielle? Admit her lust? Then, an idea struck me. 

"Danielle will come back here in a few minutes. I want you to fantasize about your favorite scenario about her, and masturbate. And show everything. You will not remember anything but my commands. Michele, share." I walked out. 

In the living room…

"Guys, I just can't do it." I said. 

"Why?" Amanda wrapped her arms around my neck. I stroked her cheek. 

"Because…something about it just doesn't strike me as fair. You know as well as I do, Ms. Thompson, that nothing would come of this if it weren't for you and your mind control. We're manipulating her into our sex toy. And, while it wouldn't be inherently bad in anyone else's case, we're talking about MICHELE here. She's so…pure and…virginal...and…Michele." 

"Danielle, you might be surprised by what you find out." Ms. Thompson said. I didn't have time to reply to that, because Frances returned. 

"She's all yours." She took my place beside Amanda, and I left the room. 

In the bedroom…

I knocked on the door. There wasn't an answer. I decided to knock again, but there still wasn't a reply. Shrugging, I opened it, and was greeted with the sight of one of my most favorite fantasies. Michele was in there, all right, but she was far from angry. She was completely naked, lying on the bed. Her hair fanned around her like a dark shadow, of sorts. One of her hands was playing with her nipples, and she had two fingers embedded deeply into her pussy. As I stepped forward, I could hear her murmurs and moans. I was a few inches from her, but I couldn't discern what she was saying. Then, as she began to cum, she screamed my name. I was taken aback. Had Frances done this? Was this coming from her? I didn't have time to ponder all this, because she saw me. She shrieked. 

"Oh my God! Danielle, I'm so sorry! I…I don't know what came over me! I…" She reached for her clothing and tried to cover herself, but I gently grabbed her arm. 

"Michele, it's cool. It's no big deal, although I must say that I'm shocked that you thought of me that way." She seemed relived, so I decided to test the waters, so to speak. I leaned down and gently kissed her. My kiss was fleeting, not long enough for her to slap me, but long enough for me to gage a reaction. She feverishly returned my kiss. She even went so far as to pull me onto the bed, not that I objected much. She climbed on top of me, quickly removing my pants and panties. I have to admit that I was a bit stunned by her directness. 

"Take your shirt off!" She commanded. Yeah, right, like I was going to protest. I did as I was told, and the anxiousness left her. She lay beside me, staring into my eyes. I cupped her nubile breasts in my hands. She sighed, and I began to play with her nipples. She squirmed around on the bed, the look in her eye becoming one of unbridled passion. I kissed each of her breasts fleetingly. I made my way from her breasts, up her neck, and to her lips. She moaned into my kiss, sucking my tongue into her mouth. My hands roamed over her body. I pressed one of my fingers into her pussy slowly and gently, so as not to hurt her. She was warm and wet inside. I added another finger. Her breathing became ragged and shallow. She moaned and came. I removed my fingers to taste her juices as she returned from her orgasmic experience. 
