 Emma had changed everything that day. I was now an addict to her. I was hooked. I could not get her off my mind. She had left me a dishevelled, soaking mess on that toilet floor and I had to work out how to get my phone and portfolio from the networking room. I attempted to fix myself up as best I could in the mirror and made a very quick entry and exit. It was clear some noticed my now less than perfect look, but I knew they had no idea what had just happened.

I drove home, my mind raced a million miles a second. What had I done. My body had betrayed me. Was it just my body or was this something deeper? Was this my heart? Was Emma what I had always wanted? 

"I think I'll keep you..." her words we're ringing in my ears and I couldn't help but dissect every aspect of their meaning. Did Emma want us to be together? Was this even a two way thing? I had gone along with her so quickly. I had had sex with a total stranger without so much as a protest. Was this me or was this just because it was Emma? Clearly I had some deep in built desire to make this woman happy, but was that it? Was this the real me being revealed by the beautiful redhead I had made orgasm? My mind was flying. So much so that I got home without really knowing how...

I entered my small house and collapsed in a heap on my sofa. My mind just blurry now. My emotions pulled all over. I was awoken from my daze by a buzzing. My phone. An unknown number. I ignored it as I would any other time. It stopped but then lit up again with a message. 'Pick up my new pet' was all it said and my phone rang again. I answered nervously.

"Hello".

"Jess. Where are you?" I knew Emma's voice straight away. My body tingled at the mere sound of it.

"I've just got home. Listen I..." I was not allowed to complete my sentence.

"I'm sending you an address. Wear all black and be there as soon as you can". The phone line went dead.

What was happening? I wondered as I got up and headed to my small bedroom. I was confused and delighted. Torn but accepting. I didn't know if I wanted to go but I was almost on an auto pilot. Before I knew it I was sat naked in front of my mirror doing my make up. I dressed in a simple but sexy lacy bra and panties. I loved these as they accentuated my small breasts and made my big bum look good (or so I thought). 

A simple black dress followed and a pair of black Toms. Flats. I don't know why I went for these but I felt like heels might not be right as they made me seem bigger and I felt small. A black leather jacket and I was ready. I stood and looked at myself. I didn't know who this was now. Was this the real Jess? An obedient and willing slave to some voice over a telephone? Or was this an act? One last grasp of childhood playtime by pretending to be someone else?

I rang for a taxi as I decided I could not drive. I gazed at the address Emma has sent and I knew I was as entering another world. This was the richest part of town. These were not little terraced houses I was going to see, but stand alone borderline mansions.

15 minutes flew by and I got a call to say the cab was waiting. I hopped in and gave the address. My mind was now giving up on me, I couldn't question or think anymore. I just sat and stared out of the window at the now darkened streets. The unnatural orange glow of the street lights piercing the gloom that fell over my part of town. 

As we entered the area near the address I knew my life was going to change. Large metal gates, high brick walls and trees hid the glorious homes from the passers by. The taxi slowed to check the house names and we soon stopped.

"Ok. We're here" he grunted. I paid the driver and he simply winked at me as I jumped out.

"Have a wonderful time" he said, slowing down and emphasising the wonderful. Did he know something was going on? How could he?

I wondered up to the gate and noticed a small silver panel on the post. I went to ring but suddenly my finger stopped. Can I do this? I thought. Do I want this? I questioned myself. Before I could answer a buzzing sound cracked the air and the gate began to open. I stepped over the threshold and thus my fate was sealed.

I approached a simply beautiful home. A classic style Georgian house. Everything was immaculate. Emma was clearly successful. Which made me question two things. One, why on earth was she at that networking event? Two, what on earth did she see or enjoy about me?   I found myself in front of the large blue front door and reached for the ornate brass knocker. BANG! BANG! I knocked and almost jumped at the sound I myself created.   The door opened what felt like seconds later and there she was again. Gorgeous personified. The fiery red-haired angel. Emma. She wore a simple but classy black dress and nothing on her feet. I could appreciate every curve. Her breast was glorious in this outfit and helped me understand how amazing it was even more. Her beaming smile made her face even more beautiful. That red hair sweeping down over her shoulders and I was overcome by lust straight away. 

"Enter" her words came from behind her smile and i slowly stepped in. My nostrils filled with her scent and it was like a chemical attack on my senses. It took all my effort to not simply pounce on her... or even just undress and stand before her naked. Why had that thought even entered my mind?

"Welcome to my home, you look excellent. Now I think you know why I've asked you to come". Emma was blunt and to the point as she had been in our encounter earlier that day.

"To be honest I have no idea" i replied like a bumbling fool.

"Really?" she gazed at me incredulously and shook her head.

"I mean after this afternoon I have an idea" I stumbled over my words awkwardly like a giddy teenager. "I figured I was merely a quick fling for you though to be honest."

"I never give up on a girl with a tongue as skilled as yours," she smiled mischievously. 

I could feel my cheeks flush red and I knew I was stood at the will of this stunning woman. 

"Lets talk details later" she growled and grabbed my hand. "Right now we need to continue what we started". 

I was dragged through the most beautiful home I had ever scene. Each room we passed was lifted straight out of a lifestyle magazine. But i barely noticed. All i could do was watch her. Emma had me transfixed. I watched her beautiful hair sway, her bottom wiggle in her dress and breathed in her scent. 

We entered her master bedroom. Dimly lit almost to the point where you could not see anything except the centre piece. A large four poster bed. Emma stopped. Turning to me she pulled me in and recreated the kiss we had shared that afternoon. Good god it was even better than I remembered. I moaned immediately and I could feel heat deep in me straight away. 

We embraced and I felt my body against as much of hers as I could find. The height difference made me feel so small and completely under her control. I felt her hands on my bum and she began to peel up my dress. Stepping away it came off over my head. She threw it away and stepped back.

Gazing at my body she licked her lips and I loved it. Knowing she liked what she saw made me feel sexier and more important than I had ever felt in my life. 

"Off" came the command. I didn't hesitate and kicked off my shoes, peeled off my bra and lowered my panties to the ground. 

"Good" came the response. Again I felt a rush. A simple word but it made me feel so special. 

"Bed" came the next command. And these were commands. I couldn't ignore or resist them. I simply had to comply. 

I got on the bed and realised it was lit meaning I could no longer see Emma. Large and comfortable, this bed was a monster. Beautiful sheets covered it and lighting from inside the four posts. I was blinded to the rest of the room and I just sat in the centre of the bed. Minutes earlier I had been sat in a taxi, now I was naked on a goddesses bed. 

I notice movement behind me and I turned to be greeted by the most beautiful sight I'd ever witnessed. Emma climbed on to the bed. She was now naked. Her pale skin glowing as it entered the bed. Good lord she was incredible. Her red hair even more incredible rolling down her pale neck, over her glorious breasts. The pink nipples protruding from the fleshy mountains made me smile. I looked over her body, her belly looked so soft and then I noticed it. A lard red bit of plastic. Shining in the light. It was a dildo. It was strapped to her. 

She was going to fuck me... Oh god... My body trembled in anticipation. She grabbed my cheeks and pulled me in to a wanton, filthy kiss. She sucked and bit on my tongue. This was new. This was different. This was raw and sexual. 

Again, I was overwhelmed and I moaned straight away. My body flushed and I could feel myself moisten. I lay back and she began mauling me. Her hands clawed at my small breasts, pinching and tweaking my nipples. I was desperate to taste hers but every time I tried to move there was no giving. She had me pinned.

Her mouth moved south and she explored my neck, my collar bone, my breasts, my torso. I was on fire... Every touch of hers was heavenly. Emma knew how to treat a woman's body. She knew how to treat my body. Soon she was at my sex. She must have been able to feel the heat from it, it felt like an over has been lit deep in me and my cunt was the door. 

She gave me two kisses on my slit. One light, the next firmer and I nearly exploded right there and then. 

She stopped and climbed back up and I felt it against my pussy. The dildo was resting against me and she was fixed on my eyes. 

"I'm going to fuck you now Jess" was all she said and I could have cum straight away. Her hips pushed forward and she entered me. It was incredible. She slid in so deep in one go as I was sopping. I could hear my own arousal and I could see Emma was delighted. She smiled and leant down, thrusting all the way in and catching me in a kiss at the same time. 

That was it. My body tensed and I went silent, before shaking under her and crying out. I had never had an orgasm like it. My body was on fire all over. My mind was even tingling and I could see stars. And it was then that I noticed that she had begun to fuck me. I could feel her entering and pulling out, she had a rhythm and was slowly getting faster. I had never been fucked like this. 

I was looking up at the most beautiful person I'd ever seen and she was fucking me. She was concentrating on giving me pleasure. Maybe I'd guessed wrong, maybe she was just a sexual person. But I was about to discover more. 

Suddenly she pulled out of me. Her hands were wrapped around me and she flipped my small frame onto all fours. Now behind me I could feel her on my body. The plastic cock between my bum cheeks, her belly and breasts on my back and her head appeared next to mine. Her hand reached around and grabbed my throat.   "Now I'm going to really fuck you" she hissed and licked my face. She moved up and her hands gripped my hips. In one move she plunged the dildo deep into my pussy. Hard and fast.   "Fuckkkk!" I cried out in a mixture of pleasure and pain.   Soon she was thrusting in and out of me like a piston... My body was in overdrive trying to cope with her invasion. I came again about a minute later but she refused to let up. I was crying out with each thrust, my body not knowing what had hit it. She was ravaging me. I came again and she slapped my bum so hard.   "Ahhhhhh!" I cried out in a mixture of orgasmic bliss and pain from the smack.   Her words were filthy the whole time. She was riding me and she knew I could do nothing but take it. 

"Fuck Jess you love taking my girl cock so deep in your filthy slut cunt don't you? So deep in that little body! What's it like to be fucked by a real woman hey? To know a real woman is making you cum like the filthy whore you are?"

I can't lie. Her speaking like this made my pleasure levels even higher. I was close to cumming again and felt like I might pass out when she suddenly stopped. I was confused. My body convulsed as she pulled out and I could feel the cool air fill may gaping hole. Then I knew what was about to happen. 

I a single and devastating move, Emma pushed her strap on penis into my bum. My arse hole was so tight and the pain that filled my body nearly made me cry.

"Ahhhhhhh! Nooooooo! Fuckkkkk Emmmmmmma!" She carried on and as soon in me. It felt so full, so dirty, so painful. Tears began to roll down my face and I gripped the sheets so tight that my knuckles were milk white. 

"Please, don't" I whimpered. I felt a spank on my bum cheek.

"Maybe not this time, but know that next time I won't be so lenient," she replied and slowly withdrew. I felt so relieved and almost cried with joy as she exited my arse. I never felt I would recover or be able to sit again. 

"You'll have to pay for that though" came the menacing and yet somehow arousing words form my new lovers mouth. 

I collapsed on the bed and rolled over onto my side. I watched the beauty that was Emma remove the dildo and straps. I saw the pussy I had devoured earlier and it was clearly glistening. Was that my juices or her? I thought. 

"You are going to eat my cunt and arse until I'm satisfied. And then you will do some other things to make up for me not fucking your bum". She made it sound so normal. So average what she was saying. 

She sat back against the pillows and spread her legs. I still felt like I could barely move from the assault that happened to my most intimate parts. But I managed shuffle on up and place myself between her legs. 

Before me was the most glorious sight of her hairless mound. I had been treated to it earlier and now it glistened at me. I slowly began licking and sucking and nibbling and kissing and playing with her pussy. Her taste was divine. Like the ambrosia of the gods, or the nectar of a beautiful flower. It was sweet, musky, womanly. Perfection. 

She was clearly enjoying my work and I was rewarded with encouraging moans of pleasure and sighs of delight. I had forgotten to show attention to her arse though. And i felt her hands entwine in my hair (now a sweaty mop) and guide me lower. She forced me in and i had no choice but to rim and tease her rosebud with my tongue. I had never done this before, and would never have dreamed of doing it. 

But here I was, licking the pink arsehole of the pale girl I think I now loved. Love? What a stupid notion I thought, she's making my kiss her arse. But I honestly felt like a spell was over me. I wanted to do this. I needed to.

Soon my fingers had found their place inside her and i was fingering her pussy at some pace, whilst licking deeper and deeper into her bum. Her body was wriggling in delight now and I knew she would cum soon. I upped the ante and let me thumb massage her aroused clit. That was it. Button pushed and i was soaked by her convulsing cunt. Squirting all over my face. I went to pull back but no such luck. I was held in place and so I continued. 

I was held there for upwards of an hour. My tongue was saw, my face dripping wet and my neck stiff as anything but I could not have been happier. 6 orgasms later and finally Emma released me. I rolled over and lay panting and exhausted. She was breathing heavily and grinning like a clown. I had done my job... for now... 

"You're not done Jess" she panted out "but I think we can rest for a little while". 

 (Part 3 soon).