 Carolyn heard the knock then saw the brightly colored sheet of paper slide under her door and got up from her desk to get it. She stood there reading it as she finished getting dressed for classes. It was an end of term PJ party for the dorm only and it would be her first party with strangers since leaving home. She was excited by the idea of hanging around with the girls she shared her dorm house with, so many she had barely even seen since she got there. It sounded like a good break to the steady and constant studying and homework schedule she had been on. Working part time at the ice cream shop to afford things, left her little or no personal time to enjoy for herself.

She turned and looked at her pajamas and hoped they'd be okay for the party. She bought them for comfort, not for their looks, but it didn't state what kind, so she hoped they'd have to do and other girls wore some the same. It was hard fitting in and college wasn't any different than high school. Her best friends were books and the girls she did befriend, were just casual acquaintances at best. The last party she had been to was for a neighbor down the street from her and she was fourteen. Six years of mostly solitude had left her with little social skills, but this was a chance to be with girls and young women like her, ones finally leaving home and learning about the world on their own.

She finished getting ready and got her backpack full of books, leaving the invite on her desk and wore a smile of expectant fun about tomorrow night. It was enough that she could barely concentrate in her classes and was glad they were finally over. She dumped her pack beside the desk and picked up the flier again. B.Y.O.B. and a request to bring something to eat was in bold letters, so it was important she contribute. Drinking was something she had only done with her parents at family dinners and her nineteenth birthday. It was the worst birthday ever, having too much to drink and found herself spending most of the night hugging the toilet and unable to more from it. The headache and hangover reminded her that she should never drink like that again.

It was hard for her to decide what booze to buy and went across the hall to Lynette Graham's room. She seemed to be more of a social person in the house and she would know what to buy that the girls would like drinking. She could hear music playing, but there were other sounds that she couldn't quite make out. She knocked and the muffled sounds stopped.

"Who is it?"

"Hi Lynette, it's Carolyn."

The sounds of movement could be heard and then the voice was closer to the door.

"What's up?"

"I was wondering about the party tomorrow night and wanted to ask your opinion on some things."

"Oh, well, okay, just hang on a sec and let me straighten up a bit and put something on."

Carolyn was a bit surprised to find she was naked or in some sort of undress and never imagined it herself, not with her roommate. She always felt a bit uncomfortable being in the room with her alone when she was changing, the way she looked at her openly and didn't just turn away. The sound of a drawer opening and something tossed in quickly was heard, then shut with a slam. The door was unlocked and Lynette opened it, wearing a robe and fixing her hair back.

"Hi, hope I wasn't interrupting you?"

"No, no, just enjoying a little personal time alone."

"Oh, yeah, I know what you mean. I don't get much of that myself with Kelsey."

"So, come on in and tell me what you want to know about the party."

"Yeah, okay, thanks."

Carolyn sat in the old arm chair and Lynette sat on the edge of her bed and crossed her legs. Carolyn couldn't help but see the bare thighs and where they joined up. She averted her eyes and Lynette caught the movement. She looked down and noticed her robe wasn't covering her like she thought.

"Oh, sorry. Little pussy flash between friends."

Carolyn blushed even more.

"Yeah, kinda saw the whole thing."

Lynette moved so her legs were crossed and smiled at Carolyn with a bit of a cockiness.

"Nice looking pussy if I do say so myself."

Carolyn really blushed hard at that and Lynette laughed.

"If you say so. Anyway, I wanted to ask you about the booze and food thing on the invite."

"Okay, what do you want to know?"

"Okay, well, first off, I'm not a drinker, but I wanted to buy something that the other girls would like. I mean, I'll have maybe a drink, maybe two, but no more, that's my limit."

"Ah, bit of a lightweight, huh? That's okay, no sweat. What to buy? Well, can't go wrong with vodka and there's some really nice ones out there, flavored ones. Or, you could get a liqueur and we can do shots. Yeah, that would be better. Someone always brings vodka, so we'll have lots to make for shooters."

"Shooters? What are they?"

"Seriously? You don't know what shooters are?"

"No, really. I told you I'm not a drinker, so I don't really know any drinks or even what booze there is to buy."

"Okay, I can dig that. Bit of a strict upbringing? Parents go on about the evils of alcohol and shit?"

"No, they're okay with it. It was just my first time and I drank too much and spent the night throwing up in the toilet. Not a very fun way to spend your birthday."

"Yeah, no shit. Made the long distance call to God did you?"

"What do you mean?"

"When you were hugging the bowl and in between hurls, you'd keep asking God to make it stop and you'd never do it again if he only made it stop and go away."

Carolyn looked down and nodded, admitting that's what she had done.

"Hey, been there, seen it and done it myself enough times. I've called enough, I have a direct line to him now."

That had Carolyn ease up and not feel so bad about throwing up, finding a smile and a little laugh.

"Well, I'd rather not have to call him that way again, you know what I mean?"

"Oh yeah. Anyway, just take it easy and if you pace yourself and have a drink every hour, you'll be fine. Your body can absorb it and be back to normal by the next one."

"Yeah, I guess. Maybe I did drink too fast the last time. I was already feeling pretty good after the second one. I should have stopped there and waited until I had another one."

"How many did you have?"

"Five. The last one went down and not long after that, they all started coming back up and didn't stop until nothing was left in me."

"Helluva a way to cleanse the system, huh? I've done a few of those. Lost some much needed weight that way and fit into my clothes when I needed to."

"You drank so you would throw up and lose weight"

"Well, yeah. Better than a finger down my throat. At least I have a good buzz and enjoy myself before I do the recycle bit."

"You lost me, what recycle bit?"

"You don't keep the drinks you drink, do you? You start recycling the moment you starting pissing them out again. Oh shit, this one time, I got so shitfaced I pissed my pants and passed out on the floor and woke up hugging the toilet. I think I was trying to pee and sat on the toilet, but I forgot to pull my pants down. I don't know for sure, but I definitely let it go in my pants at some point."

"Ewww, that's so gross. How can you do that to yourself?"

"Awww, really? When else are you going to get to do this shit?When you're married and doing the family bit? This is the only time we get to be away from home and no one really knows us and get to try things and find out who we are. I mean, yeah, I want to get my degree and all, but come on girl, it's the best time of our lives and I don't want to waste my chance at having some fun doing stuff."

Carolyn understood the chance at freedom she was having, but it was hard to let go of her devotion to her goal as a micro-biologist and get into a lifestyle like that and do as well as she wanted to.

"I know what you're saying, Lynette, it's just, I've never been into any of that stuff before and I really don't see what all the drinking and smoking pot and stuff is going to do for me. I like having fun, I do, but I mean, I can't spend too much time doing it if I want to succeed here."

"I want to succeed just as much as you do Carolyn, but I also want to succeed in other parts of my life too. I want to know the fun side of life just as much as the serious side of things. This is more than just an education to learn about the field you want to work in, it's an education in life too. I want more to my life than just work."

Carolyn could see she hadn't thought about that part of her life at all with any serious intent. It was all about her career and succeeding in it. Her parents had quietly asked a few times if she was interested in any boys and if she was hoping to get married and have a baby. She assuaged them by saying yes, she wanted to do that one day, but she had to focus on school first. There were lots of opportunities to go out with boys, but they were only interested in having sex and feeling her body. It was a distraction she felt she didn't need and one day the right guy would come along and she would think about settling down then. It started to dawn on her what she would possibly be settling down to. She had no idea about relationships and what went on in them and all her knowledge of them came from what she saw and heard and the numerous articles on them. 

"I guess you're right. Okay, so some kind of liqueur for shooters and what do you think would be good to bring for food?"

"For that, well, I already know Laurie is bringing pizzas. She works at Papa's, so he's kicking in four large pies and some garlic bread. Molly has Chinese food covered obviously. Becky is bringing snack shit like chips and dips and pretzels and stuff, so what else is there?"

"I work at Scooper-Dupers. I could get a tub of ice cream for cost and some sauces and stuff to make splits and sundaes. I have to work until six, so I can bring it right after and have that for dessert."

"Awesome. Yeah, that'll work perfect. Who doesn't love ice cream? It's been ages since I had a banana split. I loved those things, didn't you?"

"Still do. I make the odd one for myself sometimes. I make them up the way I like them and try different toppings."

"Lucky you and I'm fucking jealous already. How do you get to eat ice cream and not be huge already?"

Carolyn laughed at that, knowing she should be bigger than she was for the amount she consumed. 

"Just lucky I guess. I've always been able to eat stuff like that and not blimp out. I know, I should be like three hundred pounds, but I'm still the same weight and everything since high school."

"Well, I just have to look at the stuff and I put pounds on. Last thing I want to do is turn these into cottage cheese rolls."

Lynette pulled the bottom of her robe up and exposed her thighs to Carolyn. She straightened her legs out to show her.

"I have to work the shit out of them to keep them looking like this. You have great looking legs it looks like and you don't do shit to keep them that way. That is so not fair."

Carolyn was still staring at the bared flesh as Lynette flexed them to show the definition in them. The opening was getting close to showing more than just her legs and Carolyn had to look away again.

"Yeah, nice legs, Lynette."

"Wow, you're really shy about seeing skin, aren't you? Never open your eyes in the shower after gym class?"

Carolyn was completely shocked by that and flustered.

"No way? Really? You get freaked at seeing bare skin?"

"No, it's just, you know, I don't need to see more of you than I need to."

"What? I was only showing you my legs."

"Yeah, I know, but your robe was opening too much and I could almost see your, you know..."

"What? My pussy? Damn, no big deal to see that. What are you going to do tomorrow night? Not like some of the girls are going to be wearing all that much. Going to see a fair amount of bare flesh showing I'm sure."

"Yeah, uhm, that's kind of what else I wanted to ask you."

"What's that?"

"What kind of pajamas to wear. Is it like what we normally wear to bed or?"

Lynette fell back laughing hard. She rolled on the bed and looked at Carolyn sitting there perplexed by her reaction and continued laughing. Tears were coming down her cheeks as she calmed herself down again.

"Damn, that's just funny. Girl, you can come in your undies if you want. What kind of jammies do you have?"

"Just the regular kind, bottoms and a button up top."

"Don't tell me. Flannel right?"

"Yeah, why?"

Lynette started laughing hard again, making Carolyn feel bad about what she said. Lynette saw what she was doing and stopped.

"Awww, hey, come on, don't get all pouty and shit about it. It's just, you know, most of us stopped wearing those at like ten. You don't have anything else you wear?"

Carolyn looked almost in tears as she shook her head no and lowered it. 

"Wow, no shit. Nothing, you know, a little fun to wear sometimes?"

"What do you mean fun to wear? You mean like lingerie stuff?"

"Yeah like lingerie stuff, you know, baby dolls and nighties and stuff like that. I had stuff like that when I was I think, thirteen or fourteen. I remember I just started growing tits when I got my first set. My mom even helped me pick it out, said I was a big girl now and I could wear big girl stuff. Your mom didn't get you anything like that?"

"No. I always got the kind I have. I like them really, their soft and cozy."

"Yeah, they are and I like them for cold nights too, but you know, don't you like to wear something lighter and sexier?"

"Why? I got Kelsey lying across from me and she's the last person I'd want to look sexy in front of."

"Why? Kelsey's a sweetheart. I have her in a couple of classes and talk to her. She seems to like you, says nice things about you anyway."

"Really? I didn't know that. I don't know, it's just how she looks at me sometimes, it kind of creeps me out."

"You mean like if you're dressing or undressing and she's looking at you, or just in general?"

"Yeah, mostly when I'm doing that. I won't get undressed in front of her."

"Ah. Hey, don't sweat it. Maybe she's just curious to know what another girl looks like and she likes how you look."

"Ah, no, not going to happen. I don't care what she looks like, why does she want to know what I look like?"

"Does she wear sexy things to bed sometimes?"

"Are you kidding? She sleeps naked sometimes. I know she does, because the pajamas are on the floor beside her bed when I wake up and she's still sleeping."

"Damn, must be play night when she does that."

"What do you mean, she's playing with herself? That's so gross."

"What? You think that's gross? Fuck, that's kind of stuck up on your end, don't you think?"

"Me? She's the one doing that while I'm right there in the same room."

"You didn't even know she was doing it, until I just told you and I'm just guessing she is. Holy shit, give her a break. She gets horny like the rest of us and needs to take care of things. You just interrupted me playing, but I guess you didn't figure that out, did you?"

"No, how would I?"

"Uh, the sound of music trying to drown out my grunts and groans and I look like I just got of bed. Those weren't dead give aways to you?"

Carolyn didn't know what to say to that. She had no idea what sounds were made by women doing things. Any time she played with herself, it was always in the shower to cover up her whimpers of pleasure. It was as quick and perfunctory as she could do it to herself and then dressed to go back to her room. It would have been nice to have a bigger room with two bedrooms like Lynette's and Jordan's, but the cost was out of her budget and a shared room was all she could afford.

"No, I didn't know you were doing that to yourself."

"I'm like, naked and shit and tell me, honestly, you can't smell pussy in the air? The smell of fresh sex. I can still smell me."

"Lynette! Really? That's a little bit more than I needed to know, thank you very much."

"Holy shit, lighten up, girlfriend. You have some serious issues with things, don't you?"

"I do not have serious issues, I just think things like that shouldn't be discussed so openly, what's wrong with that?"

"If you can't see the problem, you're in big trouble down the road."

"How do you figure that?"

"How are you ever going to handle living with a guy every day of your life and talk and do all the stuff together?"

"I'll worry about that when the time comes, okay? That's my business anyway."

"Suit yourself, but all of us other girls are enjoying an education in life you really need to learn about. Can I ask you something, Carolyn?"

"What?"

"Are you still a virgin?"

Carolyn took immediate surprise at Lynette's question and gasped.

"That's none of your business."

"So, the answer is yes then, I thought so."

"I never said that."

"Sweetie, if you weren't, you would have just said no and that was that, but you got all fucked about it and that says yes to me."

"So what if I am? What difference does it make?"

"You're like twenty three or so, right?"

"Twenty three, so?"

"You haven't wanted to try it yet and at least see what it's like? See what it's all about?"

"I've thought about it, I just haven't met the right guy yet, that's all."

"And you probably won't, if you don't start looking."

"What's the big deal about having sex anyway? Why can't I just enjoy doing my thing and when it happens, it happens?"

"Sure you can do that, but why would you want to? I know why actually."

"Why? What do you think it is?"

"It's because you don't enjoy it or had a good enough time doing what you've been doing. If you did, you'd be like the rest of us and want to know what could be better than the last thing you just did. I'm still looking to see what gives me the biggest orgasm doing it. I'm willing to try most anything to see what does it for me. I'll be open about it and tell you now, when you knocked, I was just checking out a new toy I bought. Ever hear of a Rabbit? What am I saying, of course you haven't. You don't have a clue what it is, do you?"

Carolyn couldn't hide her ignorance not knowing about sex toys and it showed clearly on her face. Lynette didn't wait for an answer and leaned over to open her drawer and took it out. She held it up for Carolyn to see and let her get a good look at it.

"This thing is fucking amazing. I was barely at it for five minutes before you knocked and I was soaking already and having all these awesome mini orgasms going off. I didn't even try the rotating beads yet. I heard they feel incredible when they're just inside and that's what I was just going to check out, when you decided to knock and ask me about all this stuff."

Carolyn was spellbound looking at the fake cock, seeing the size and shape, the transparent, pink, silicone covering showed five rows of pearl-like beads underneath and a controller with buttons to adjust everything.

"If you could only have one toy ever, this little beauty is it, trust me. Danni told me about hers and said I should get one, so I bought this yesterday on my way home. I finally had a chance to use it and instead of playing with it, I'm showing it to you."

"I'm sorry, okay. I didn't know what you were doing. I still don't know what this has to do with me and being a virgin still?"

"If you played with this just once, only once, you'd know exactly what I'm talking about, but I'll tell you now, I know for a fact, Jack, you ain't ever had an orgasm or cum really hard, have you?"

"Uh, I am so not telling you anything about that."

"See, once again, you haven't had one and act like having one is something wrong, or you're supposed to wait for fucking Prince Charming to come along and sweep you off your feet. It ain't going to happen, kiddo. Put the fairy tale books down and start reading something new. It's a big world out there and it's going to scare the shit out of you one day very soon."
