 Feedback is very much welcome and appreciated.

If you like it, let me know. That way I can write another one of my adventures down for you.

xoxo Kandie

-----

I walked in the room where she was lying on the bed, naked, with her pale legs spread wide open and two of her long fingers deep inside her cunt. I stood there for a second letting my eyes adjust to the hot sight I was seeing, before I walked over to the bed and kneeled in the floor, pulling her fingers from her cunt and sucking them into my mouth. She tasted like lavender body wash; sweet and salty all at the same time. She opened her eyes and noticed it was me sucking on her pussy juice soaked fingers and let out a quick gasp and yelled, “Kandice, what the hell are you doing!” Raising my eyes up to meet hers, I held my pointer finger straight up to my mouth, and made a quiet ‘Shh’ sound, followed by, “Don’t worry, your boyfriends not here. He will never find out.”

That was good enough for her, she arched her back and lifted her hips up, scooting her ass down the bed a little so her hot little cunt was resting right in front of my mouth. I wasn't sure if I wanted to dive my fingers or my tongue into her first, so I just did both at the same time. Her little body squirmed all over the place when she felt me shove 3 fingers into her fast all while sliding my tongue over her swollen clit. I sucked it between my lips and held it tight while flicking her clit with the tip of my tongue, sliding my fingers in and out of her.

All I could think about was this girl fucking my pussy with her tongue. I was so wet I had to un button my pants and slide them down my legs so I could take my fingers out of her pussy and slide them inside mine.

By now she was bucking her hips up, smashing her pussy against my lips, tongue, chin.. I couldn't handle it anymore. I stood up and slid my panties down my legs, kicking them to the side, and pulling my tube top up over my head, exposing my bare 36 C breasts for her to stare at and fantasize about sucking and nibbling on them.

I crawled on top of her, straddling her hips with my pussy directly on top of hers, and began kissing her neck, and rubbing on her nipples with my left hand while my right hand slid in between our bodies and down in between our pussies. I spread her legs open a little wider and 

pressed our pussies together. Feeling her clit rubbing up against mine was magical. All I could think about was that great moment right before you cum, when your whole body goes numb, you see stars that aren't really there, and you let go of all inhibitions and you let out the most amazing sigh of relief as you feel your clit throbbing and pulsating.. releasing all that built up pressure. I was rubbing our pussies so hard against each other it wouldn't be long before I came.

Her fingers dropped from my nipples to my pussy, rubbing my cunt, as mine rubbed hers. It didn’t take long for her to cum. I rolled over next to her and shoved two fingers in her pussy, while my thumb rubbed against her clit. The look on her face was memorable. Almost like a picture captured that showed horror and excitement all at once. She let out a short moan, raised her hips up and fucked my fingers like there was no tomorrow. Pushing on my head and pulling it between her legs to suck her clit as she came in my mouth, I was more than eager. I sucked on it so vigorously as she was cumming that all she could do was moan and squeeze big handfuls of my hair in between her fingers.

She let out a sigh of relief, lowered her hips and let her legs dangle half way off the bed as I ran my fingers up her body and over her nipples, squeezing them in between my pointer finger and middle finger.

“Was it ok Angela?” I looked at her and smiled as I said it.

“I have never came like that in my life. Even Jason cant make me cum like that!”

I grinned at her and leaned over, sliding my tongue over her lips and slipping it into her mouth.

“Your pussy tasted so good,” running my finger down her body and sliding it up and down her slit, feeling how warm and gooey it was from all her sticky cum.

And right at that moment the door opened up and Jason was standing in front of the bed staring at me fingering his girlfriend. Working off of instincts, I hopped off the bed and grabbed my clothes trying to conceal as much of my body as I could, but Jason started walking towards me anyways.

Without even looking at me, he told me to lay down on the bed. I was nervous as hell, but I did as he said to try and avoid an even bigger confrontation then what we would have.

Lying back on the bed next to Angela I leaned my head over on my shoulder giving her a look of horror, like I didn't know what would happen. And right then, we found out as Jason started taking his clothes off and began to crawl onto the bed next to me.

His cock was so big. Angela was such a small girl, it had to kill her every time he stuck it in her. It had to be about 9 inches and it was so thick too. He laid next to me and started rubbing it up and down with his hand as me and Angela watched him. He looked over at me and said, “You had your turn with my girlfriend, now I get a turn with you.”

I looked over at Angela to see her reaction, and surprisingly, she seemed ok with it. I leaned over on my side and put my hand over his and helped him stroke it a little, and watch it get harder then it already was. His eyes got wide as he looked at me and told me to get on my hands and knees. I rolled over on my belly, and sat up with my hands and knees flat on the bed as he positioned himself behind me, and spread my legs a little wider right as I felt the tip of his cock sliding inside me. I let out a gasp because it was so big, my tight little cunt wrapped around his hard cock as he slid all of it inside me and started fucking me so hard that it made me lose my breath. I pushed my ass back, and lifted up my right leg for him to grab on to it and fuck me even harder, and that he did. I instantly wanted to cum.. I wanted him to shoot his load inside me and let me feel his balls smacking against my pussy as I came and bit down into the pillow.

He rested his upper body on my back and grinded inside me, letting me feel every inch coming in and out of me, making me wetter and wetter with each thrust, each moan he made in my ear, each breath that would get taken away.. I ran my finger down to my clit and started rubbing it in circular as he sped up. His hands were holding on tightly to my hips as he penetrated me faster and deeper until I felt him tense his body up, and shove it in me one last time to cum inside my pussy. I felt his cock pulsating inside me and it set me off. I was cumming. I was cumming hard with his balls against my pussy as I bucked my body back and forth letting him slide an inch out of me, and then right back in me. My mouth was frozen in an O shape as I let these silly little sounds come out of the back of my throat. My orgasm ended and left me face down on the bed trying to catch my breath.

Forgetting all about Angela, I looked over to her, and without having to ask her if everything was ok, she grinned, and it told me that everything was going to be fine.