 It was a hot summer night. We were sitting on the patio by the pool with another couple, Rich and Rachel, who had come over for an evening of food and conversation. All of us were in suits and the evening air was hot and muggy. There was music playing in the background. It wasn't too loud, but loud enough that you could hear it over the sounds of the neighborhood. My boyfriend, Tom, was talking to Rick and both Rachel and I were hot and sort of bored. 

Rachel leaned over to me and said, "Do you want to have some fun?" She had an odd twinkle in her eye like she was up to mischief. 

I smiled. I do like being mischievous at times. "What did you have in mind?"

"Let's go for a dip in the pool," Rachel whispered. She got up and took me by the hand and we headed towards the pool. She dipped a toe in and I followed suit. The water had cooled down a bit and was a bit nippy. My nipples responded by hardening. She noticed and pinched one the round nubs through my bikini.

"Ouch!" She grinned at me and winked. I rubbed the nipple with my hand and then grinned back at her. Her smile was contagious! 

Oblivious to this exchange Tom and Rick continued in their conversation.

We tiptoed into the chilly water and idly chatted about how good the water felt. She prompted me to completely immerse myself with her, so we both dunked under the water. I had my eyes closed against the water, and I felt her hand on my face and then I felt her kiss me. I opened my eyes in shock and then surfaced. The water felt good, but I wasn't sure what just happened. 

She grabbed my hand and said, "Come on," while pulling me to the far end of the pool. "I can tell you haven't been with a woman before, but I want to tease these guys. Will you go along with it?" She grinned at me again.

My heart started racing. I paused for a second and then said, "Honestly, since I think Tom will like it so much, I'll go along with it. But you're right. I haven't done anything with another woman before. You'll have to teach me." I paused for a second and looked at Tom lost in his conversation...not even paying attention to us..."Do you think they will notice?"

"I can guarantee it! And the best part is we won't allow them to touch either of us while we are together. That's the tease part!" she giggled softly and I had to laugh too.

"OK. What do I do?"

"Well, I think that you will probably feel most comfortable starting out with some kissing and touching. If either of them notices, they may or may not say anything...but we will definitely have their attention if they do. If at any point something feels uncomfortable to you, just let me know and I'll back off. Don't worry, I'll lead the way."

"OK." I was really nervous and started to shake a little. I was excited by the idea, but I hadn't kissed a woman since I was playing Spin the Bottle at the age of 16. There was my first kiss with my best friend back when I was about 10. I had a huge crush on her brother. Both of us wanted to know what it was like to kiss, so we practiced on each other. I remember getting caught. We were lying in my bed with the covers pulled up over our heads and kissing each other. We were both embarrassed and we never did it again. I do remember the kisses being closed mouth and actually pretty passionate for our age. I broke out of my reverie when I felt her hand graze my stomach.

She leaned in and kissed me. It was much different than any other times I had kissed or been kissed by another female. Her lips were soft and silky. My heart was pounding so hard; I could hear it in my ears. The thing that surprised me was how excited I had become, and I could feel heat invade my pussy. My suit was already wet from the pool, but I knew that I was becoming slick and wet with the sensations going on in my body. I felt her lips part and I parted mine, following her lead. The kiss became deeper and I felt her tongue probe my mouth. 

She undid the top of my bikini and pulled it down. I had never had a woman undress me before so I felt embarrassed. I went to cover myself. She whispered to me that I was beautiful and not to cover myself. I put my hands down. I looked towards Tom, but he as still deep in conversation and hadn't yet noticed what was going on. 

"I don't think it's working." I say in a low voice.

"Don't worry...it will." She starts kissing me again. I liked the way she kissed me. It wasn't rough. It was soft and silky and sensual. Her hands were exploring my breasts and she dipped her head down to suck on my nipples. It felt good. She pulled her head back up and undid her bikini top and set it on the edge of the pool next to mine. I looked at Tom, and I could see that he was watching now. They had both stopped talking, but I couldn't tell if either of them really knew what was going on yet or not. 

We started kissing again and this time I touched her. She had round full breasts, bigger than mine, and the nipples stood at attention when I touched them.

"Suck on my nipples," she said breathlessly.

I tipped my head down and gently tongued one of the erect nipples. She gasped and it motivated me to do more. I rolled my tongue around it and then sucked it into my mouth. I could feel her pressing herself closer to me. I felt a little nervous and pulled back a bit. Then I started working on the other nipple. I was determined to go through with this as far as I could.

I felt her hands on my bottoms and she pulled the front of my bikini open and slipped a hand down the front. I gasped. I knew at this point Tom had to be watching me. I started to feel nervous again and I grabbed her hand to stop her. She kissed me again and began rubbing her hands over my body over my bottoms. I felt unsure and didn't know how to respond to all of it. It felt good but this was different than anything I had ever experienced before in my life. 

Rachel must have sensed that I relaxed, because she slid a hand back down in the front of my bottoms and began rolling my clit around under her finger. I moaned. It felt good. At that point, I had forgotten that there was anyone else there but just the two of us. She continued kissing me and then began to finger my pussy. I was so aroused that I began to pull my bikini bottoms off so there was better access. She fingered me more and I wanted to return the favor. I pulled her bottoms down and gingerly reached down to touch her. I had never touched anyone but myself, so all I knew was what felt good to me. I began rubbing her clit and was a little surprised when she responded to what I was doing by moving her hips against my hand.

I wanted to get out of the pool. I felt like I had been in there long enough and I wanted her to lick my pussy. I wanted to see if it would feel good to have a woman there. I pulled away from her and pulled myself up and out of the pool. Rachel took my cue and began rubbing my thighs and then slid a few fingers up into my wet cunt. I looked down at her and she smiled at me. I looked over at Tom and I wondered if he was as hot as I was just watching this. I didn't care anymore if he saw. I was too drawn into the whole thing to be embarrassed. Her fingers were working magic and while she fucked me with her fingers, she rubbed my clit with her other hand. She was quite good at doing it. I was moaning now. I threw my head back and was meeting the thrust of her fingers. 

Then I could feel Rachel move in closer. Her soft mouth covered my clit and she continued fucking me with her fingers and her tongue moved softly over my clit. She would alternate between sucking my clit into her mouth and then rapidly moving her tongue back and forth across it. I could feel myself getting close to coming. I knew I was making noise and again I had some feelings of shyness, but they dissipated quickly. I felt an orgasm building and she was working her fingers so well that there was no way that I could avoid it. I started to cum and my thighs closed down on her head and my body trembled with the intensity. Instead of letting up once the orgasm started, she continued with the same intensity. My clit was almost painful at that point. I couldn't speak. I couldn't tell her to stop. Rachel kept going and before I knew it, another orgasm shook my entire body. It wasn't until then that she eased up. It wasn't until then that I realized that Tom and Rick were now both kneeling next to us by the pool.  

Tom didn't touch me. It was as if he had been instructed not to. They both just sat near and observed what was going on. I was feeling a bit embarrassed now, but she wasn't about to let me feel embarrassed about it now. I could see the effects of what we had just done on Tom and Rick and decided that I at least could return the favor for her. I didn't have a clue what I was going to do though.

I decided it didn't matter. I slid down into the pool and kissed her.

"Thanks! Now it's your turn. I haven't done this before, but I would like to try." I smiled at her.

Rachel just smiled at me and lifted herself up on the edge of the pool. I felt timid. I decided I would just try to do the same sort of things she did to me. I started by rubbing her clit and then sliding my hand down to her wet pussy. I slid first one finger and then another into her and began moving them in and out in a rhythmic way. I noticed that she felt much like I did to myself. I hoped I was doing okay. I decided I needed to try tonguing her clit. I moved my face down to her cunt and I licked up her clit. I could taste her creamy juices on my tongue and I liked how it tasted. I sucked her clit into my mouth and ran my tongue over her it trying to mimic what she had done to me. It must not have been too bad, because she was moaning and writhing on the edge of the pool. I could feel her pussy squeezing at my fingers...an almost pulsating feeling. She was going to cum! This made me want to work harder at it. I kept doing exactly what had brought her to this point and she started to cum. I could taste the sweetness of her cum in my mouth. I had never tasted anyone's other than mine before. It was interesting and exciting. 

When she finished coming, Rachel bent down, grabbed my face and kissed me. "Thanks! That was great!"

Then I heard Tom say, "That was awesome!" 

Rick agreed heartily.

Tom helped me out of the pool and Tom helped Rachel up. She grabbed her suit and they thanked us for a wonderful evening, but then said they had to go home. She kissed me on the way out. When the door closed behind them, Tom pulled me back against him and said, "Now it's my turn!"