 Author's note: I had stated in part 1 that the short dinner scene stood on its own, but I also promised I'd consider writing a second part if there was enough demand. Since almost all comments were clamouring for a continuation, I had to cave. 

I finally found a way to keep the story going in the same playful vibe as the first, while remaining as authentic to the characters as possible. I wrote this as I wrote the first scene, riding on a short burst of inspiration for a few hours. I hope you enjoy it! 

--

We stood next to each other in the elevator, a little closer than friends should, a little farther than lovers would, with our hands barely touching. The electricity from the contact was slowly spreading through my body, neither overwhelming nor subdued, but more like a slow and unstoppable underlying current, just like the sexual tension that had me alert but not fully ready during dinner.

And ready I still wasn't. Kate was my best friend, and the thought of losing her... Well, it just wasn't on the cards. Now that the impish excitement that took us during our double date was gone, now that we weren't in a public setting where the teasing was innocent and cute, what were we supposed to do? Forget all that happened and move on as friends, or tumble inside her apartment like horny teenagers and fuck each other's brains out?

As appealing as the second option was, I had to admit that it just wasn't ideal. But the way we were standing now had me certain that we weren't going to forget about it either. So there we were, stuck somewhere in the middle and that made it all the more complicated.

I didn't want complicated. It had always been easy between us, simple. Unlike with other people, it didn't take an effort for us to try and meet in the middle. There was never a "me" and a "you", it had always been a "we". Losing that simplicity meant losing who "we" were. I needed to keep reading her like an open book and for her to do the same, just like we somehow both headed towards my car after our double date, and I didn't find it strange that she had decided to ride home with me instead of Tim. We both knew we had to address what had been said during the dinner.

I was taken out of the whirlwind of my thoughts as I felt her lean sideways toward me and nudge my shoulder. I turned to see her grin but failing to hide how terrified she was. Maybe there was a chance for us after all. If she was as scared as I was, she must care as much as I did.

"What?" I smiled and nudged her back.

The elevator sounded its ding and the doors opened, just as we were about to burn our first awkward bridge. The open hallway between where we stood and her apartment's door seemed like a minefield to me, full of potential errors and bombs waiting to explode and destroy us both. Instinctively, I grabbed her hand and she squeezed it tightly. I saw the same apprehension on her face that I was feeling in my heart. We can do this, I thought. Together, we can do this.

We walked slowly out of the elevator and toward the door, her palm sweating in mine - or was it mine in hers? It doesn't matter, there was sweat, slight trembling and little squeezing all mixed together.

We stopped in front of the door, she fumbled for her keys but found them quickly and turned to open it. She suddenly swivelled back and looked me right in the eyes with resolve. Her sharp determination had the magical effect of quelling my own fears and in an instant, I was ready for anything.

"Do you want to come inside?"

I don't know how or why I had switched back into my playful nature, but I found myself quickly replying, "oh sure, I'd like to have some privacy when I come."

I giggled and watched her as she processed the perverse meaning of my answer. She smiled and dismissed it by quickly asking again, "I meant do you want to come for a drink?"

"I was hoping that I'd come and you'd drink." Where did that come from? As the embarrassment of the answer hit us both at the same time, I realized that I didn't want to spook her so fast. I smiled and hoped for the best. "Oh, I'm sorry, that was taking it too far."

"Honey," her eyes lit up with a mischievous spark, "I'm pretty sure you can take it as far as I give it."

Oh, that was just perfect! I feigned surprise and hurt. "I see, so you're getting back at me now?"

"Sure, as long as we try it missionary first."

It took a split second for the full meaning of her words to hit her, then her mouth opened in a large O and she instantly slapped her hand over it. I chuckled and she embarrassingly turned again to open the door.

She walked inside and I followed her, the smile on my face from her last comment slowly fading into dreadful trepidation.

"Do you want coffee, juice ... or something stronger? I have beer, wine and scot..."

"Kate," my voice broke from the dryness of my mouth, "I'm not here for a drink..." I gently grabbed her hand and spun her to face me. Less than a step separated us, but it felt like valleys of uncertainty and mountains of hope... "or a movie, or to enjoy the view."

I'm here for you. The words were implied yet they didn't make it out of my lips.

She pouted and whispered, "I thought you enjoyed the view."

I wasn't in the mood for games anymore. They were just delaying the obvious and I couldn't wait longer. "I always, always, enjoy looking at you. You're beautiful."

She blushed and stepped closer. I found myself doing the same. I had never seen her face from such an intimate distance, and I found it even more gorgeous and flawless. The little freckles on her cheeks spread like gold dust, her eyes slowly opened and closed with the arousal dilating her pupils. And her lower lip curving outward and down, quivering with anticipation, was the sexiest thing I had ever seen.

I got even closer to her, our hands still entwined on one side. I raised my other hand to caress her face and leaned in. I was no longer scared or apprehensive. This felt right, this felt true. Truer than anything I had done before. My lips parted slightly just like hers and I stopped, relishing that excitement before they touched. I waited a few seconds, where I enjoyed taking the air that was slowly drifting out of her mouth until our breathing synchronised, and we were heaving at the same time.

I whispered against her mouth, "can I kiss you now?" 

She nodded. I erased the remaining distance between us and went for her lower lip, kissing it once, twice, three times. My heart thumped in my chest and I could feel hers beating loudly against me.

How strange was it to have a full chest so close to mine? I had never pictured it would be this soft, this sexy, and this simple for two pairs of breasts to get together. Men must lose their minds kissing a woman, with those two globes protruding like an invitation, reaching ahead beyond the body, tender, squeezable and fun. Then riding and falling with every breath, innocently caressing their own chests, taunting them with possibilities and excitement by moving so naturally.

I stopped for air, my hand now traveling down on her neck, dangerously threatening to go lower without my permission. She breathed out a long sigh.

"Did you have to be so delicious?" She said it more as a statement than a question. I stopped looking at her lips and raised my eyes to meet hers. She quickly closed them and seemed to struggle against her emotions. I gave her a few seconds to relax and kept caressing her face and neck. "I've been trying to convince myself for the past few years that I'm not attracted to you, that it's just a phase or I'm misinterpreting my feelings. But I can't do that anymore, not after this. I like you... more than a friend should."

She opened her eyes, and I saw fear overtaking them. This wasn't us teasing Tim and Sam nor was it a simple admission of attraction. This was almost the bravest of love confessions, with her taking pieces of her soul and laying them in front of me, waiting for my answer, unsure if I'd pick them up or stomp on them. 

I couldn't stand seeing her so vulnerable, so raw in front of me. "I like you too." We both knew I meant more than that. I smiled as the relief slowly spread through her face, and she leaned into me. She kissed me this time, tenderly but without hesitation, claiming my lips one by one then surrendering them back every few seconds.

With every short pause between kisses, I felt the bridges between friendship and love crumble. I had lied to myself for years, pretending this was just a physical desire. But if it was just a need for flesh, then why did I feel so empty when her lips left mine? Why did I want to keep her in me, on me, with me? Why did I care for how she felt, why was I so happier that she shared the same fears and emotions as me for the past years? And why did my blood rush so disturbingly fast between my lower abdomen and my heart, unsure of where to settle?

"Wait," she pulled back, a realization suddenly hitting her, "was I number five on your list?" I smiled and slowly blinked once. "Really, number five?" She asked, feigning to be offended.

"Really? Have you seen Stana Katic?" I teased.

"Have you met Stana Katic?" Oh, way to drive the knife deep in the wound! She smiled, rather happy with her answer. "OK so her, I understand, but the others? No." She shook her head. "I demand to be taken at least to the second position, if not sharing the first position with Stana."

"Oh, there are many positions I'd like to share with you and Stana." I winked. If she was going back there, she had to know that I still had some high-spirited replies in me.

She hit my shoulder blade with her free hand and chuckled. "Asshole!" This was just too easy.

"You know I haven't done that yet, but we can discuss it if you feel so strongly about it." I wiggled my eyebrows to punctuate the salacious retort.

It took her a second to understand what I had implied, and she sighed reluctantly. "Are you seriously going to take that and twist it as you please?" She instantly noticed that she had set herself up for another come-back and put her hand on my mouth before I could speak. "Don't. Just don't say it."

I grinned and kissed her fingers. She slowly trailed them down my neck then back into my hair, pulling me closer. "You are really digging yourself into a big hole of That's What She Saids."

"I am. It's a case of anything I say can and will be used against me." She shook her head and started leaning in for another kiss.

"Before we move on, can I have the last one, please?" I implored with my eyes.

She nodded, submitting to my plea. "Go ahead, you earned it."

"I'll take anything you give me and use it for my pleasure." We both chuckled. "That's it, I'm done," I said as I raised my hands in the air and feigned surrender.

"No you're not. We haven't even begun." She grabbed my hands and lead me to the living room sofa. She stopped in front of it and asked, a little cloud of worry passing in her eyes, "I don't want us to go too far today, but I would really, really like to throw you on that couch and straddle you for a long and torrid make out session. You know, something to start the process of me going gay for you." She kissed me quickly to seal her request.

I smiled. Her sweetness had melted my heart and there was nothing else in the world that I wanted to do more than be with her.

"I'd like to start going gay for you too."