 Based on a true story

Saturday night. Me and my boyfriend were out to dinner, just the two of us. It was a typical night for us, eating late, stopping at a bar and grill that was open 24 hours. We stopped in our usual joint for a quick burger and fries and was seated at a booth in the back. 

Kathy, and older woman stopped at the table to take our drink orders. I ordered my go to, mountain dew, while my boyfriend, Noah, ordered sprite. 

As we sat there and bs about the day, a younger girl comes to the table with our drinks and introduces herself as Jessi. 

Jessi had red hair and black glasses, with a nose ring to top it off. She set down our drinks and asked if we were ready to order. We both nodded.

I ordered the chicken salad and Noah ordered the wings. Jessi walked away. 

Noah and I goofed around and joked while waiting for our food, making stories up about the other tables at the restaurant. The table behind us, a group of boys chowing down after a football game, kept sending one of the boys to a girls table of cheerleaders, presumably to get one of their numbers for a fellow guy at the jocks table. Noah and I took turns making up scenarios as time and time again the boy headed to the girls table, only to return empty handed.

Moments later Jessi returned with our food and we began to eat. She returned several times to ask how we were, and about halfway through the meal I asked for a refill on my mountain dew. 

When Jessi returned drink in hand, she sat it down and said "there ya go girl". 

I turned to Noah, unsure of what to say. Did she just say what I think she did? Odd, never heard a waitress say that before.

I could tell Noah thought the same by the look on his face. 

"I think that was slightly sexual," I said to him. 

"I was thinking the same thing," he said.

**********

After finishing up our meal, I took out my credit card to pay the bill. Noah whipped out his wallet before I had a chance to say no. He had paid all weekend I thought I would treat him to dinner.

"Actually, you can pay. Are you going to use your credit card?" Noah asked.

"Well yes, I don't have any cash on me," I told him.

"You can pay then, she will see your name on your credit card and maybe think its cute."

I stopped dead in my tracks. Only he would think that. He has always wanted to see me with a girl, and to be honest, I wouldn't mind being with one, you know, just once to see what it was like. I had a few girl crushes here and there, and always said if I found a right one I would be with her. What could it hurt.

I laid my card down on the receipt. "Ashley M. O'Dell." Maybe he had a point.

Jessi came and picked up the card. "Be back in a minute" she said, returning soon after with the receipt for me to sign.

I picked up the pen to sign and noticed Noah looking distraught. "What?"

"Aren't you going to leave a note for her?"

I stared at him for awhile before saying "You write a note. If I like it, I'll leave it".

Deer in the headlights. You should have seen his face. "Are you serious right now???"

"Yeah sure, go for it. What's the worse that could happen. Write it down, if I like what you write, I'll leave it for her."

A few minutes later he hands me a scrawled little note

I think your cute and want to have a fun night with you. If you're interested call or text me. ;) xxx-xxx-xxxx

"I can't leave this!" What was he thinking. I was basically asking her for sex after about 30 minutes of "meeting".

I grabbed his note and crossed out a line or two and rewrote it. I handed it to him and send we'll leave this instead.

Thanks for being an awesome waitress. I wouldn't mind hanging out some time if you're ever interested. Love the glasses btw!! xxx-xxx-xxxx

p.s. You are pretty cute =]

*****

I just got in the car after work and my phone buzzed. I looked down to see a random number and ignored it, thinking I'll get to it later. I turned on the car and headed home.

I walked in to a complete mess. Noah and pots and pans out everywhere. Riley, our lab was running around like a mad dog and the radio was blaring.

"What is going on here?" I said as I sat my purse down and petted Riley. 

"I was making dinner, but I think Riley slept all day, she hasn't stopped acting crazy since I got home and its been hard to work around 80 pounds of psycho. 

A few hours later we had finished eating and cleaning up and was outside walking Riley. It hit me I had a message and told Noah about he.

"Well open it, it could be that smoking waitress you wanted to bang."

"Noah! I never said that." Although he did have a point. I wouldn't mind being her seat once day. Her pants-less of course. And panty-less. And soaking wet wouldn't hurt, sitting on my face to boot.

I looked down and unlocked my phone. There it was, one unread message, a number I didn't recognize.

Ashley? Its Jessi, from TGI Fridays. I got your note...

"Noah, its her, she responded."

"Well, what are you going to say back to her?"

"I'm not sure yet." I put my phone back in my pocket and reached down to pet Riley and continued walking. I'd answer her when we got home.

**************

Laying on the couch a few hours later I was just about to hit send, just looking over my text.

Hey! I'm glad you texted me. I wasn't sure if you were going to take my note or not.

Ding. My phone buzzed. My heart skipped a beat.

I just got home from work. Been thinking about you since you left. Was that your boyfriend you were with?

How do I respond to that?!? I didn't want to lie, Noah would totally watch me go down on her, but would she even talk to me, completely trying to get in her pants, if I was with someone. Did she even swing that way? Shit.

Oh yeah, that was Noah.

I was hoping if I just left it at that she would move past the subject. Seemed to work...

So, I'd be up for hanging out sometime. Wanna grab drinks this weekend? I know this great place downtown.

This was it, she asked ME out? This was going way to well, I had to accept and jump on this before she got away.

Yeah, I would love to, sounds like fun!

...Wear something cute 

Before I could even set my phone down, it buzzed. The message she sent back was too good to be true.

Hopefully its cute enough you want to take it off.

To be continued...