 This story is a continuation of I'm Dating Our Mailgirl. The 1st 7 chapters of that story should be read first for context. All characters are 18 or older and are completely fictitious as is Seahawk Industries. Any resemblance to anyone living or dead is purely coincidental and unintentional. 

MY LOVER PAYS ME A VISIT -- OR WAS IT THE HEAD OF HR?

I spent all day Friday nervous that I would receive a call, an email, a personal visit from Joyce or anyone else about my exploits Monday and Thursday night in the warehouse. Did Olivia really have tape of me and 9? Was Rose perhaps compiling a "The Best of Monica and 9" tape as I write? No message was ever received; but I nearly panicked when Joyce came into my office unannounced at around 2:00. 

She appeared to be stern faced and asked, "How have you been doing? We haven't talked since Sunday." I really did appreciate that she wasn't the lovey-dovey type who always had to call or text me. It added to the strictly business nature of our arrangement. 

"I'm well, thank you." No admonition, yet. But I wasn't sure if I was out of the woods. 

She continued, "You realize I have a lot of expectations of you." Oh, no. Was this it?

"Go on."

"I'm expecting you to make all the preparations for our Thanksgiving meal, including the shopping." Oh, well, I thought. Have I dodged the bullet of the great double bed caper?

"Of course. I would disappoint you if I gave you anything less. In fact, I've already arranged to pick up a 20 lb. turkey Tuesday. It will be fresh so it doesn't have to be defrosted. It will be organic, so it needs to be slightly larger in order to feed 12 people. I'm sure you wouldn't want to serve your guests anything stuffed full of hormones." I savored the irony of 9 serving us when she was stuffed full or estrogen and I was starting to stuff myself full of estrogen with my increasing diet of gruel. Joyce was reaping the benefit of my increasing hormone intake by a heightened sexuality which I'm sure she was enjoying.

"You are the perfect partner for me, aren't you. I'll give you a cash card with $400 to take care of all the shopping. Do you think that will be enough?"

"More than adequate."

"Buy yourself something nice with anything left over." I thought, a little tip for your whore, but I didn't say it. But it did remind me that I was little more than Joyce's whore. She said, "I need to get back to my office." She came over and kissed me, passionately.

"Joyce, that was nice, but is it really appropriate in the work place?"

"What's appropriate in the workplace is what the head of HR says is appropriate in the workplace." She winked, give me another peck on the lips, smacked my ass and disappeared. I smiled, enjoying the affection, but wondered, "Did she just give me the basis for a sexual harassment complaint?"

DATE NIGHT -- WITH 9

9 and I had agreed that she would come to my office after her evening shower in the fishbowl. We had arranged for this unusual rendezvous to start our weekend just to provide a little variety in our routine. Strange how such a chaotic and whimsical relationship needed "variety". 

As I was waiting in my office for 9, I realized I had not filled out my December date calendar for Joyce to plan our activity for the month. I opened my email and went to an interactive calendar Joyce had sent me. The symphony on December 3 was filled in, but that was technically a November date. I scanned the proposed activities and nothing really jumped out at me. There was a performance of The Nutcracker on a Saturday. I wasn't 8 years old anymore, but I remembered fondly my parents taking me and my little brother to The Nutcracker in Atlanta. I always had fun then. Besides, Joyce liked my Tuxedo outfit for the opera, I figured my passive aggressive nature would allow me to dress up like a little girl for the evening. Handle's Massiah and a Mahler concert really did nothing for me. Besides both of those performances were on a Saturday and the ballet would allow me to fulfill my one Saturday per month obligation. 

The were 3 Christmas "parties" listed. One was at the home of the COO. That sounded boring so I passed. I really couldn't distinguish between "The Everson's" and "The Stavros's" party. So I opted for the Stavros's party on a Tuesday. Maybe they would have some good Greek food. There was a Monday night party at the Milner's. I knew some Milners in Atlanta and they were some real party animals. Maybe I'd get lucky and I could just get wasted with booze. I assumed Jaime would be driving us. 

The entry for December 30 was intriguing, "The Bacchanalia". Somehow I couldn't see Joyce attending an drunken orgy. Maybe it was just a geriatric version of a drunken party. It had the additional benefit of not being on New Year's Eve so I signed up. 

There was an art gallery opening on a Friday. I would much rather have gone to such an event with 9, but I signed up for it. Perhaps Ted and Jennifer would be there.

I was finishing up my date card and I emailed it back to Joyce. A little after 8:00 9 came into my office. She was naked. We had made no real plans for the weekend, but I thought we could go to the Club 869. We could eat there and then dance afterward. I hadn't brought a dress for her to wear, so we decided to head to the warehouse so she could make herself presentable. 

We got into the elevator and I hit the 2nd floor button to go to my car. She hit the 1st floor button, "No, we can just walk to the warehouse and then walk back to get your car." I thought it was a little inefficient route, but I acceded to her request. We greeted Evelyn Taylor as we left the building. 

"Aren't you over dressed, Ms. Ross." I smiled. I wasn't sure if she was just kidding with me or not. I kept my clothes on as we walked to the warehouse. 

9 grabbed the glam dress she kept at the warehouse and said, "Let's go." She carried the dress and walked out in her naked body. We returned to the garage but she still was carrying the dress as she got into the car. 

"Are you going to put that one?" I asked her.

"There'll be plenty of time in the parking lot at the club." I could have told her I wanted to go back to my apartment to change, but there really wasn't anything wrong with my business clothes I wouldn't be the only woman at the club dressed this way.

Sure enough, when we parked the car, 9 got out of the car and got dressed. There were people in the parking lot and an audience gathered around. She pretended to ignore them, but I'm sure she was basking in their adoration.

We went inside and were shown to a table. We ordered drinks and some bar food. I started the conversation, "Last night was sheer ecstasy. I've never been so happy in all my life."

9 replied, "I can't believe you actually walked naked to the warehouse. Whatever possessed you?"

I took 9's hand in mine. "9, I want to share all of your experiences. I want to climb into your shoes and be you."

She giggled, "But I hardly ever wear shoes any more."

"Alright, I want to crawl into your skin and be you."

"Are you saying that you want to become a mailgirl?"

"No, no, no. I just haven't expressed it very well. The sexual creature, the brazen peacock strutting her stuff. The person addicted to sensual pleasures. That's the person I want to be."

"But aren't you already?"

"I think I'm getting there." 

We talked awhile longer.

"Oh, Monica, I forgot to tell you. I have to work tomorrow. You know, demerit buildup."

"I'm disappointed, but I certainly understand. Are these genuine demerits or are they Olivia imaginary demerits?"

"No, they are real. I've been a little late in making some of my deliveries. For the past week, I just haven't had any short deliveries. Every delivery has originated on the 21st, 22nd or 23rd floor and been to the 28th, 29th or 30th floor. And the return delivery has always been the opposite. I haven't made any deliveries on the 24th through the 27th floor in over a week."

I couldn't attest to every delivery 9 had made, but I do know that I had not seen her on our floor, the 25th, in over a week. "That bitch Olivia, don't you see that she's fucking with you again? She's trying to exhaust you or make impossible demands on you. Sweetheart, I'm sorry. I'm sure she is doing this to get back at me."

"Do you think?" 

"So naive." I raised my hand, smiled and caressed her face. "I'm going to say something to Joyce Monday night."

"Would you do that for me? Maybe there are some benefits to being the bosses mistress . . . ."

I smiled and corrected her, "her concubine".

"Yes, her concubine, I hadn't appreciated it before." She smiled and announced in a comical stage voice, "I'm my boss's concubine's lover. Yes, I like the sound of that. You're right, it is kind of comical when you say it like that."

We both laughed. In a way, I was glad that she was accepting the whole situation and seeing the humor, the advantages that can flow from it. The DJ was playing a slow song. "Come, let's dance. I need to hold you in my arms." I held her body close to mine. I sensuously rubbed he ass as we danced. The estrogen that I had been ingesting the past week or so was starting to kick in and I knew we were going to have to have an early evening so that I could seek a release of the hormones building up within me. We danced one more song, then we finished our food and drinks. "I want to take you home and make love with you." We called it an evening shortly afterward and went home. 

We made passionate love. I set the alarm so that I could throw something on in the morning and take 9 to the Seahawk building in time for her to be at work. We agreed I'd come back after work to take her out dancing again. "I'm working the 42nd floor tomorrow. Demerits." She gave a wry smile. 

"What time will you be through?"

"Probably not until 11."

"Why don't I just go to my office at about 10 and wait for you there. Just come by when you are through." We agreed and sealed our agreement with a deep kiss. 

SATURDAY NIGHT DATE NIGHT

The next evening, at 9:00 I put on what I call my full loincloth dress with the open sides. I wore no bra and panties. I did button the three straps on each side that provided some modesty by keeping the front and back flaps closed, but I knew they would become unbuttoned before too long. I brought the party dress 9 kept in my apartment for her to change into. I parked in the parking garage of the Seahawk building and went up to my office. 

Just after 11:00, 9 came in with 2, 7, and 11. "16" were holding hands. I gave a casual greeting, "Ladies." 9 dropped 7's hand and came over and kissed me. I asked, "Are you ready? Do you ladies want a ride back to the warehouse?" 2 answered for them all, "No, we'll just walk back." 

"Do you want to dress, 9?" 

"When are you going to learn, the world is my dressing room. If you insist, I'll get dressed in the club parking lot." I wondered when is she going to dispense with clothing completely, but I dared not bring it up." We got into the elevator. 9 and I got off on the 2nd floor, but the other girls, still naked, continued down to the 1st floor. When we exited the parking garage, we saw the girls, naked, hand-in-hand, walking down the street. They weren't escorted, nor leashed nor collared. But they also weren't being harassed. I honked and they all waved at us as we passed. 

In the parking lot of Blush & Blu 9 did put on her dress and shoes. A young girl greeted us as we came in. We could see Liz on stage emceeing karaoke. 9 said, "Oh good. We are still on time for karaoke." We sat at a table, ordered some food and drinks. Then 9 grabbed my hand, "Show time,"

We took the stage and 9 said to Liz, "You Belong to Me."

Liz smiled and said, "Taylor Swift, ladies and gentlemen."

The song started and 9 took my hand and sang to me:

Oh, I remember you drivin' to my house in the middle of the night

I'm the one who makes you laugh

When you know you're about to cry

And I know your favorite songs

And you tell me about your dreams

I think I know where you belong

I think I know it's with me

Can't you see that I'm the one who understands you

Been here all along so why can't you see

You belong with me

The crowd went wild. Then it was my turn. "Kate Perry, Thinking of You,

Cause when I'm with her

I am thinking of you

Thinking of you

What you would do if

You were the one

Who was spending the night

Oh I wish that I

Was looking into your eyes.

Two sad songs about love triangles, but when we were through 9 just smiled and showed me her appreciation that she was indeed with me tonight. Later that night, she showed me her appreciation in bed. 

When we awoke, I took 9 onto the balcony. I was hoping to see Ted. And maybe I was also hoping to see Lisa. Sure enough, Ted and Jennifer popped their heads out. I yelled up, "How about Brunch?". 

He asked, "Your place or mine?"

"How about Dazzle?" He said they would knock on our door in 15 minutes, which they did. That gave us time to dress. We walked to Dazzle, which was a nice brisk walk away. We were seated, gave our drink order and then went to the buffet. As we started to eat, Ted asked, "So, ladies, what's new in your world?"

9 burst out, "Ted, you can't believe what Monica did last week! TWICE! She slept with me at the warehouse." Ted knew enough about the life of a mailgirl to realize this was a significant accomplishment done without any privacy. When prompted for details, 9 filled him in. "And she walked from the Seahawk Building to the warehouse completely naked!" 

I decided some of the details needed to be filled in. I told him how the deliverer territory of the mailgirls had been enlarged, how they were now possibly seen naked in a 9 block area around the office. I told him how this had evolved into some of the mailgirls walking to and from work naked. Then I said, "So, I just joined in Thursday after work with the walk to the warehouse in the commonly accepted mailgirl attire. Ted, it was one of the most liberating experiences of my life. And then that night," I held 9's hand, and kissed her, "that night to make love to her with an audience of all the mailgirls. . . .my body was just one giant nerve ending. I was atwitter all over." 

Ted asked, "What ever possessed you to do this?"

"Oh, I could give some noble answer. 'I wanted to show solidarity with the poor downtrodden mailgirls' or 'I wanted to show empathy with the humiliating life that 9 is forced to live', but, frankly, if was a lot more selfish than that." Once again I grabbed 9's hand and sought a smile or a hand squeeze indicating she was alright with my admission of less than completely altruistic motives. I received it together with a passionate kiss. "I wanted to experience the feeling of being naked on the streets, or making love in front of an audience. Exhilaration doesn't do the feeling justice." 

"So what will be your next exploit?" he asked. 9 looked up in anticipation of my answer.

"I'm not sure. I hadn't thought about it."

He persisted, "You know what they say. These feelings, these acts, are like a narcotic. You could get caught in an ever-increasing need to up your dosage."

I paused to meditate on those words. I was forced into silent contemplation wondering what my next exploitation could possibly be.

Ted tried to move the conversation along. "So are you all excited about the meal Tuesday evening and your trip home?"

I looked at 9 hoping not to make a misstep. "I believe we are. 9 has really come aboard with the whole idea."

9 answered, "I've gotten over the humiliating aspects of the whole sordid idea. I'm to endure an evening 30 feet away from the bed where my love is making love with another woman. I'm to be made to prepare a sumptuous banquet for the lovers and probably not even be given any table scraps. I'm to be displayed naked like a gallery slave. Why wouldn't I be all aboard with that?"

This was the most negative reaction I had heard from 9. But the negativity melted away as she squeezed my hand and said, "But I'll be with my love, and this is what she wants to do." 

I corrected her, "What I have to do." She kissed me to indicate assent again with the plans.

"All I can say is that it promises to be an interesting evening and Jennifer and I are looking forward to this momentous event."

We finished out brunch and walked back to our respective apartments. 9 had cast a bit of a pall over the coming two days. I tried to move past that by focusing on the trip home. She seemed to cheer up. "You don't need to bring many changes of clothing; never mind that you don't have many. But I can wash a load of clothes Saturday morning. One glam outfit since you and me and my brother will probably go out partying at least 1 night."

"Is he going to be alright going to a lesbian bar?"

"Are you kidding, it's his lifelong dream. I'm sure he's going to be fantasizing about converting every woman in the bar back to heterosexuality. He's and great kid, but basically he's a chauvinistic pig at heart."

"What if he tries to convert me?" Her smile convinced me she was kidding. But I wasn't sure.

I decided to treat her flip remark as a joke and give it back to her. I kissed her and said, "I can't think of anyone I'd rather have as a sister-in-law." She smiled and gave me a deep passionate kiss.

"When we go back to the warehouse, I'll get your clothes and pack them in one of my suitcases. Just take one outfit to wear to work Monday morning and then to Joyce's that night. Since it'll be coming right off, it won't get soiled. You can wear it on the flight and change when we get to my house. I'll pack your dress outfit and glam dress that you always keep here."

"I'll come by the fishbowl after work Monday, and we can leave from there and go straight to Joyce's."

"For an evening of lust in the arms of your lover?" she asked.

I really was annoyed by her bringing that back up yet again. "Yes, mad passionate lovemaking in the arms of my lover," I replied with an undisguised touch of pique in my tone.

We went back to the warehouse; I was prepared to gather her clothes and bring her back to the apartment, but she acted as if she were there for the night. She kissed me after we gathered her clothes and said, "I'll see you tomorrow after work." I figured that was the end of the conversation.

"I'll be in the viewing area of the fishbowl."

DATE NIGHT -- WITH JOYCE

I observed 9 and all the girls taking their evening shower. The crowd of spectators dispersed except for 3 stragglers. 9 came out naked carrying a small container. She said, with genuine concern, not contempt, "I wasn't sure if you had eaten, so I brought you something to munch on." It was gruel, but I didn't want to be observed taking and eating it. 

"I'll eat it in the car." We went to the car and as soon as I got in, I ate the cup of gruel. 

9 still wouldn't let it go. "Maybe that'll act as an aphrodisiac for your lovemaking tonight." Damn it, woman, I thought, let it go. I gave it right back to her. "I certainly hope so. but I really don't need any artificial stimulation." I smiled the most insincere smile I could muster. 

We arrived at the house and we went to the front door. 9 was naked as she had been instructed. Joyce answered although I figured the door would be unlocked. "What are you doing? Go around to the back door." This was not an auspicious beginning to two fun days. I grabbed 9's hand, led her to the backdoor. I apologized profusely for the way Joyce was treating her. She quietly accompanied me and give me a pathetic little smile. 

Joyce barked like a marine drill sergeant, "Get her into one of the spare bedrooms and then come to our bedroom." I resented inflammatory language. She wouldn't even call where 9 would be sleeping a "guest" bedroom. And then she had to rub in the fact I would be sleeping in "our" bedroom. 
