 "Are you ready babe," her very sexy seductive voice tickles my ear. My arousal heightens and I am unable to speak, when I feel those soft slender fingers caress my nipples, she tugs on them, eliciting a long soft moan from my full pouty lips. "Watch yourself," she commands me. I slowly lift my gaze up to see myself standing there naked. The whole wall was a reflective mirror, she has one hand holding on to my breast with a dominant glint in her eyes, while her other hand snakes down slowly, caressing my flesh as she orders me to open my legs. I do so, and when she runs her palm down flat, I can't help the gasp that escapes my lips.

I see the smirk on her face, but it doesn't register as she slowly presses forward into my ass. I feel it surprisingly warm and smooth. "I'm going to have fun with you," she whispers. "Assume the position," she says.

I hesitate before lowering myself to the cold ground, staying up on my hands and knees in a doggy position. She sits on top of my ass, and smiles pulling at my hair slowly as she slides into me. I gasp, and lower further down.

"Yes, just like that babe, arch that back for me," she says, sliding down deeper into me. I moan feeling fire igniting my pussy. I want to rub my clit but without her permission, I'm not allowed. "Master," I moan.

"Harder," she asks with a chuckle, gripping my neck in between her hands. I moan and throw my ass back, meeting her every thrust. "Stay still, I want to pound that sexy pussy. Then after you will make me come hard."

"Yes Master," I say quietly, gulping in air while she still has her hand tightened around my throat. I lower my head down, resting my cheek against the cool ground, arching my back for her as she stands up and gives it to me her hardest, if only we were in a bed, I could grip the sheets, but on the cool ground floor, my knees ache as she slides me all over the floor.

I gasp when she pulls out and I feel a cool liquid drop down on my asshole. I grit my teeth, closing them. I can't refuse, but I have never tried anal before. She doesn't ask if I'm ready, I knew she wouldn't. She slowly slides into me, and I gasp shocked. It doesn't hurt, but oh my gawsh, it's intense. "Master, may I please rub my kitty?"

"I will tell you when babe," she says. I can hear it in her voice, she is really enjoying this. I moan when she slaps my ass. "You like that?"

"Yes Master, slap my ass, and choke me please," I say lifting my head up. I need to come, it's right there but she knows and slows her thrusts unfortunately at the perfect time. I groan, knowing not to ask her for permission to come.

I must pleasure her first before I can gain my reward. "On the desk," she orders me. 

"Yes Master," I say, slowly getting up. She doesn't pull out and we walk together, with her gripping my breasts and sucking on my neck as we walk to the desk together. She continues thrusting in me as she presses me into the desk. I groan long and slightly loud as she grinds deep inside of my once virgin ass.

She kisses on my ear, and sucks on my neck, while she pinches my nipples. She pushes me down on to the desk before she slams into me. I gasp, holding it in deeply as my orgasm finally comes, just as she slides right out of me. My body is trembling and I twitch a few times just as she slaps my ass, "Hold it."

I groan, as I try to stop it. Her hand comes around to squeeze my breasts, making me stand up. "Noooooo," I wail, as she clamps her teeth down on my nipple. She really wasn't helping. This amazing pain and pleasure battle was a struggle. Everything feels so good, but as I hold it in, for a few seconds longer, sitting down on the desk, the heat coming from my ass almost pushes me over the edge. "Shiiiiiiit," I hiss, feeling the pain and pleasure from my gaping asshole.

She kisses me gently, slowly, teasingly, before she orders me to get on my knees once again. I do so wearily not completely ready for another fucking. "Eat my cunt," she orders.

My pussy twitches and she spreads her legs on the desk. The strap on device gone from sight. I devour her beautiful wet snatch hungrily. "Ooooooh... Mmmmm... Yessssss... Go deeper babe, yes just like that," she moans, gripping my hair. Sensory overload as I feel her nails rack at my scalp sending shivers all over my body. I moan into her pussy and she holds me right there as she rocks herself against my tongue, holding her breath until I feel her body let go completely. It's just so beautiful when Master comes, her body convulses and quakes for ten to fifteen seconds until she finally lifts her head up and gasps for air. She has this beautiful euphoric look in her twinkling blue eyes and she smiles at me dreamily. She reaches out her hand to touch me and I move closer, she rests my head on her large breasts and kisses my forehead before kissing my lips deeply. "Babe, you're so good at that," she moans. She pauses, "I'm so sorry, I didn't mean to hurt you. I must've, I'm so sorry babe, is your ass okay? You never had anything in there, I'm so sorry," she says getting emotional. I am shocked as a few tears spill over and her eyes meet mine filled with more tears.

"Master, no, I loved it, it's a good pain... The pain and pleasure thing, that's why it was so hard not to come, I didn't want to disappoint you, so I tried my best not to come," I say breathless.

"You want to come," she whispers softly.

"Yes, so much," I say breathless. Her hand is at work, playing with my kitty, before she lifts me up onto her, while we stay atop the desk. After being granted permission, I grind myself against her wet pussy, but she stops me, making me get on top of the desk with her kneeling in front of me, before she devours my pussy. I can't help but moan loudly, I hold back a scream, as I feel the emotions wash over me. I literally almost burst into tears when my orgasm crashes into me. I'm a blubbering twitching mess as she kisses me deeply. I moan as she presses our bodies close for a little longer, just before there's a hesitant knock at the door.

"Kelly, your husband is here for your lunch date."

We stare into each other's eyes for a moment too long, and I move first, quickly finding my clothes and putting them on before she slides on her leggings and loose tank top before opening her studio windows on her way to the door. I have my hair tied up, and her hair looks beautiful just the way it is, as she opens the door to her husband.