 This is a continuation of an earlier story, "I'm not like that!" I don't know if it would stand alone but I think you will enjoy it more if you read them in order.

As usual, intended only for people old enough to read it. If that's not you, or if you're offended by women having sex, go outside and play.

Also as usual, thanks to jacuzzigal, without whose editing I would use way too many commas. ;-)

Feedback is appreciated.

*****

I slipped my shoes on and nodded in response to her questioning look, telling her silently that I was ready to go with her.

"Pick up your underwear and come with me, Pet."

I opened the flap on the small bag I was carrying, but she stopped me with a glance. "Pick them up. Don't put them away. Carry them loosely, so they show."

She led me to the door of the restaurant, my panties dangling from my fingers as we went.

She sent the valet for her car, and while he was gone, told me, "I want you to hand him your underwear when he holds the car door for you. Let him see your pussy as you get in."

That might have happened whether I tried or not. The dress was short, the heels were high, and my panties were off. At any rate, it would be the easiest thing in the world to show the valet my pussy, and I was surprised at how much that turned me on. Not so much that I would show him, but that I would do it because she had told me to. I was feeling an odd mixture of absolute mortification because I would do it at all and anticipation because I would do it for her. There was no doubt that I would do it though.

A young man, probably not older than twenty and wearing an ill-fitting uniform, complete with a badly tied necktie, brought the car around and hopped out, leaving the driver's door open and hurrying around to my side to get the door for me.

I handed him my underwear, and as he recovered from that shock, I lowered myself to my seat and moved one leg inside the car, leaving the other outside and spread wide. I brushed the hem of my dress as I sat, making sure it rode high up on my thighs. There was no doubt that he was getting the whole show.

Until now, this could have been an accident; just his lucky day. Then she froze me in that position with, "Wait," and headed around the car. It took her several seconds to get around to her side of the car and get in. While she did, I sat there on display, and the valet stared with a slack-jawed look. Now several more seconds ticked away while she opened her handbag and fished out a ten dollar bill, which she handed me, with the instruction to pass it on to the valet. "Thank you," I muttered, though I certainly didn't know the proper etiquette here. "Oh, thank you, ma'am," he replied, and I noticed as he came forward to take the tip that his trousers were developing a noticeable bulge.

"Let's go, Pet."

I finally swung my other leg into the car and the valet closed the door, not letting his glance leave my legs until the view was finally cut off. He would still be telling this story when he was old and gray.

She put the car into gear and eased out into the street. A minute or so went by in silence before I was able to collect my thoughts a bit. When I had, a small laugh escaped me. I'm not sure which of us was more surprised

"Something funny, Pet?"

"Well...yes. Yes, Mistress, " I hurriedly added.

She looked at me and smiled her approval that I had remembered.

"I've spent my whole life trying to get in and out of cars in a skirt gracefully. And then when I try not to, it feels so weird that I'm clumsy at it."

She smiled softly at this and took my hand as she said, "Pet, if I couldn't see that grace in you, you wouldn't be here."

Maybe it was because the evening had been such an emotional roller coaster, but that touched me and my eyes misted up a little. I couldn't think of anything to say in reply to that, so I said nothing and we rode along in silence a while longer.

Eventually, I thought to notice the car. It was a huge Mercedes, easily the most luxurious car I had ever been in. And that reminded me of something.

"Mistress, what about my car?"

"We'll see. You won't be needing it any more."

That had a certain ring of finality to it, but that was a lot less jarring than it would have been a few hours ago.

She seemed content to ride along in silence, and that left me to my thoughts. And I had thoughts chasing around in my head, that was for sure. Foremost was the whole question of what I was doing here. I had never even been with a woman before, much less in a Domme/sub situation. Well, technically, I still hadn't been with a woman. Except for a brief kiss and touching a bit, we hadn't had any physical contact. God, was I turned on, though! It dawned on me that I didn't have a clue what to expect physically. Maybe there wouldn't be sex at all in the way I thought of sex. I found myself hoping that wasn't the case, even though until tonight I thought I had no interest in women.

"Mistress, may I ask questions?"

"For now. What's on your mind, Pet?"

"Well, for openers, where are we going?"

"I told you, home. My home. It's not much further."

"Okay, then, about that valet back there...do you expect me to...well, do stuff...with other people?"

"Well, I'll tell you this: If I tell you to do something that stretches you, there's a reason. There's something you need to learn, some barrier you need to get past, something like that."

"And what was I supposed to learn from that?"

"That your cunt belongs to me, and I can do anything I like with it."

I let that sink in for a moment. I had always hated that word; cunt. It seemed so crude and raw. But it felt right for this. 

"You talk like you expect that I'll be with you."

"I want you to be, Pet. But, up to a point, you'll be able to back out. Now, no more questions. We're home." She turned into a long driveway, curving broadly up to the front of a house.

"Holy shit! Oh, sorry, Mistress. But, this is your home?"

What a home it was. It was a mansion, an honest-to-God mansion. It was old, not one of these new McMansions you see in the suburbs. And huge. I couldn't guess how many rooms might be in there. The exterior was stone, with a slate roof, and some of the windows were stained glass, or leaded.

"Yes, Pet. Some big industrial baron built it early in the early 1900's."

My intuition said that I should follow slightly behind her as we went up the front walk, and that seemed to please her. But when we got there, rather than fishing out keys she pushed the doorbell. That meant that there was someone else inside -- which had never dawned on me as a possibility -- and added a new dimension to the nervousness I was already feeling.

In just moments the door swung open, revealing a surprising sight.

She was petite, probably four or five inches shorter than me, with long brown hair that I would have killed for. She was wearing a short white slip sort of dress with spaghetti straps that came down only to about mid-thigh, and a pair of white pumps. Her body was just about my idea of perfect. She was trim and firm without being at all skinny – a dancer's body maybe. Smallish breasts, but breasts that looked like they would be so firm it wouldn't make any difference whether she was wearing a bra or not. And at the moment it was definitely not. I would put her age at a few years less than my own. Around her neck was a thin gold choker, with a small ring attached in front.

Laura held out her arm, and the girl slid into her embrace for a quick kiss.

My stomach was doing flip-flops. I didn't know what to expect when we got here, but it was definitely not sharing Laura with another girl.

"Baby," Laura said, addressing the petite girl beside her, "This is Beth. She's going to be a sister for you. And Beth, this is Lynn."

Lynn practically bubbled over as she welcomed me and gave me a quick kiss. It wasn't on the cheek. If there was an ounce of jealousy anywhere in her greeting I certainly couldn't detect it. 

"Come," Laura said, but whether it was directed at Lynn, me, or both of us I couldn't say. It didn't matter, really, because she had already started crossing the foyer with Lynn right behind her. I quickly fell in.

We entered a big warmly furnished room, a study, I guess you would call it, with some kind of fancy dark wood on the walls, big stuffed furniture and a fire burning in a huge fireplace. There was a big desk and a few chairs on one side of the room, but we headed for another cluster of chairs near the fireplace. Laura crossed immediately to a chair that somehow gave the impression of being the focus of the area. I noticed that there was a big velvet pillow beside one front leg of the chair, and as soon as Laura sat, Lynn settled demurely on the pillow with her legs tucked under her, smiling up at...what? Her mistress? Our mistress?

Laura returned the smile, with quite a loving look, I thought, and lowered her hand to Lynn's head, where she toyed absent-mindedly with her hair.

"Sit, Pet," Laura directed, gesturing toward another chair.

I perched on the edge of a chair.

"Baby," she continued, addressing Lynn. Was there some system to what she called us, I wondered? "Go start my bath, then come back with your ball gag."

"Of course, Mistress," Lynn responded, and slipped away into a different part of the house, heels tapping a fading cadence as she went.

"Do you like it?" Laura asked, indicating the room with a gesture.

"I don't exactly know what to think. The house is gorgeous, really, but my head's kind of swimming. I didn't expect to find someone else here."

"Isn't she adorable? You're going to get along well. Really well, I think."

"But I've never...I mean, I'm not really even sure what I'm doing here with you, let alone someone else."

"Oh, I think you know what you're doing here, even if you can't admit it to yourself yet."

I was trying to formulate a response when I began to hear the heel cadence returning, and I was saved by Lynn's return. There was a ball thing with a couple of straps dangling from her hand.

"You're bath's running, Mistress."

"Good girl," Laura responded, stirring a surprising twinge of jealousy in me. That was what she had called me not long ago. "Now help your sister put the gag in."

Help your sister? That meant me, didn't it? A gag? I don't know what I expected, but this sure wasn't it. And yet, I sat still.

Lynn came up behind me, and with the gentlest, kindest of touches, slipped the gag between my lips until my mouth was opened wide to receive it, then buckled the strap around the back of my head. Then she leaned over and put a soft kiss on my cheek. I didn't know what to make of that. I hadn't reconciled myself to being with one woman yet, let alone another one that I hadn't even chosen. But I realized that whatever was going to happen, I was glad that Lynn was so gentle about it...loving, almost.

"Here." Laura gestured for Lynn to come stand in front of her. Then she turned Lynn until she was standing in profile.

One hand raised the back of Lynn's dress to her waist, and the other very suddenly drew back and landed a ferociously hard slap to Lynn's ass. The sound was like a shot, especially after the quiet of the room, and I jumped a bit. Neither of them seemed at all surprised, though. Laura kept the skirt up, and with a fingertip, slowly traced the red outline of her hand as it appeared on Lynn's ass. Lynn had a faint smile on her lips, and neither of them had said a word.

"I'm going to go take a bath. Baby, get your new sister ready. You know what I like."

"Of course, Mistress. I'll try to please you."

"You always do, Baby." And just like that, Laura dropped the hem, rose, and left the room for the same part of the house Lynn had just returned from.

"Okay, come with me," Lynn said, taking my hand. "I'll show you what she likes."

Responding was out of the question with the gag, so I followed mutely. Well, responding verbally was out of the question. I was definitely responding; I could feel the wetness on my thighs.

Lynn led me up a broad, showy staircase, and I had to admit to myself as I followed her that the short dress, the heels, and the firm, toned legs combined to create a pretty stirring effect. At the top of the stairs, we crossed a landing and entered a suite. There was a cozy sitting room, and beyond that, a big bedroom with an attached bath. I don't know why, but I was surprised by how feminine everything was.

"This is my room," Lynn said. "I don't know where Mistress wants you, but I guess we'll worry about that later."

I could only nod.

Lynn moved behind me and untied the top of my halter dress. Her touch on the skin at the back of my neck was a jolt, and my arms instinctively crossed, holding the top up.

"Relax, sweetie. It's going to be a long night otherwise. Now let me show you what she likes."

I would have given anything to blurt out some of the questions that were bouncing around in my head. What's going on? Is something going to happen between Larua and me? When? How do you fit in?

Then it dawned on me that Laura had probably known exactly what she was doing when she chose the gag. Of course I would be full of questions. And maybe it was better that I didn't ask them all right now. I took a deep breath and tried to relax.

"That's better. Let's get you changed."

I slowly lowered my arms, and Lynn lowered the top of my dress, past my tits, to my waist, and kept going until it was pooled around my feet. Her touch was velvet, gentle in a way no man had ever touched me at his gentlest, and my head was filled with her scent, vaguely floral but with a musky undercurrent as well.

I hadn't worn a bra, and I had left my panties with the pimply valet, so I was left with nothing but my heels. She took a step back and looked at me frankly.

"Mmm. Pretty. Really, really pretty. I see why she wanted you."

In a way I was glad she thought so, but it was still by far the strangest situation I had ever been in.

"We need to shave you." She was very matter of fact.

I always kept myself trimmed neatly, and I thought it looked very nice. I had thought about shaving, in fact, and decided I wouldn't like it. I shook my head no.

"Look sweetie, you can get yourself in trouble if you really want, but there's no way I'm taking you back to her without shaving you."

I didn't want to get this sweet girl in trouble, but what a bizarre reason to shave. It made me think, though. Obviously there were consequences for displeasing Laura. I guess somewhere in the back of my mind that wasn't unexpected, but this brought it home in a new way. I slowly nodded my approval.

"Good, come with me."

Lynn led me to her bathroom, where she spread a towel on the toilet seat and told me to sit.

I did, while she busied herself gathering a razor, cream, washcloths, things like that. When she had the things she wanted laid out on the rim of the sink, she crouched in front of me. I hadn't bargained for this, and clamped my legs together.

"Believe me, after you've done this for a while, you'll be glad to have someone to help. Now open up."

I could imagine that having someone else do this would be way easier than doing it myself. Still, I had never had any woman but my ob/gyn even look between my legs, much less look in the way this girl wanted to. But I had come this far...so I slowly opened my legs.

In minutes the longer hair was gone, and Lynn was rubbing some cream in to the short stubble left behind. It did feel kind of good, if I didn't let myself think too hard about it.

She proceeded to remove the short remaining hair with a razor, and it seemed surreal that I was sitting here with a strange woman concentrating intently on my pussy.

As she worked on me, she told me things she thought I should know about Laura and how she did things.

"The way I'm dressed right now? When it's just us around the house, this is pretty much it. She likes these little slip dresses. I must have twenty or thirty of them. Mostly white, but some other colors too. And heels. She loves heels. I hardly ever wear anything else. You get used to them, and I can kick them off a lot when she's not around. When we go out, or have company, all bets are off. Whatever fits the mood she's in. Sometimes I kind of get a feel for how the evening's going to go from what she picks for me to wear. That can be fun.

"She likes me to take good care of myself. I spend time in the gym every day. That's downstairs. I'll show you later; it will be nice to have someone to work out with."

They both seemed to think it was a done deal that I was going to be part of whatever you would call what they had going here.

As she shaved, she pushed and pulled me this way and that to get the razor where she wanted it. At one point I realized that she was pretty much pulling my labia around, and the lips were as slippery as they had ever been. I could actually feel the wetness running out. I was embarrassed, since there was no way she didn't notice, but I was somehow okay with it anyway. I had been wet since the restaurant and I was here, I suppose, to see where that led, so here is where it was leading. And I knew that this was all some kind of warm-up for returning to Laura. Still, I was taken by surprise when Lynn brought her fingers to her mouth to taste me.

"Mmm. Yummy."

Far from offending me, I thought that was incredibly sexy, and it pleased me that she liked it.

She wiped me off with a warm towel and grabbed some kind of lotion.

"Here," she said, handing me the lotion with a smile. "I'd better let you do this yourself, or I might get carried away and do something I'm not allowed to do." And she winked at me.

I gave her a questioning look, at least as well as I could with the gag.

"I'm not allowed to have any kind of sex, no masturbation, no nothing, especially no coming, unless she says so. I suppose it will be the same for you."

What on earth was stopping her? Laura couldn't possibly know if she masturbated, or came. It had to be that Lynn wanted to obey these rules. I was getting a new glimmer of understanding.

"You're lucky, though. I think she's going to play with you tonight. Mmm, or better yet, maybe let me play with you."

Eight hours ago there was no possibility that I would consider letting another woman "play" with me. Now, I was so horny I might do a lot of things I wouldn't have done before.

Lynn led me back out of the bedroom to her closet. She was right, she had a ton of those slip dresses.

"My shoes won't fit you. We'll have to go with yours and try to match them."

I had worn sexy black heels with an ankle strap, and Lynn quickly pulled a match out of her closet.

"Here," she said, and she helped me pull the dress over my head.

She stepped back to look at me again, and this time she giggled. She was smaller than me, so it was a little tight, but not drastically. The part she thought was funny was that part of my butt and pussy showed below the hem. She let the straps out as far as she could and still keep some of my tits covered, and that lowered it enough to cover me, but not if I did much more than breathe.

Lynn sat me on the edge of her bed and touched up my makeup and fussed with my hair a bit, then she took me to a full length mirror and stood behind me.

"What do you think?"

The woman in the mirror was pretty, and had a good body; that was nice. And the black dress and heels looked good on her, if a little outrageous. But the bright red ball gag took most of my attention away from everything else. Was that me?

"Look," Lynn said, and she slid her hands to the hem of my dress and raised it until my bald pussy showed. "Pretty, huh?"

I suppose it was pretty in a way, but again, it didn't look like me.
