 I sprawled on the firm mattress of my bed on a hot summer day in July, sweat rolling down every nook and cranny of my body, wondering how I was going to keep myself entertained for the rest of the summer. I was bored with my town, bored with the people I knew, bored with my job. I needed something new. Little did I know just how soon my wish would be granted. 

I decided to go for some ice cream so that I could at least cool down a little bit and eat something tasty at the same time. I went to Gorin's -- my old favourite -- and had the classic Death by Chocolate. I sat down inside, revelling in the cold metallic feeling of the chair against the back of my thighs as I licked my ice cream to keep the chocolate from rolling down the cone onto my hands. It was a blissful moment. I looked up and saw a cute brunette sitting across from me talking to a friend. The mixture of the cool ice cream against my tongue and my roving thoughts of licking her warm body was overwhelming. She wore a long, loose, patterned skirt of indigo and a rich hazel that made it hard to tell exactly what she looked like underneath, but showed you enough curves that you were curious to find out. Her plain purple top was a little more revealing as it clung to her damp body and showed off a phenomenal pair of round, full breasts. Looking at her face only completed the picture. She had freckles and a look of innocence as she smiled at her friend, her piercing blue eyes radiating mirth. However, the smirk of a grin she wore showed that she had a bit of mischief in her after all. She wore her hair in a ponytail, but some had come loose because it was so short, falling down and framing her face. I wanted her.

I'm not sure if it was the sugar or the blood rushing to various parts of my body, but I decided to walk over and start up a conversation. I'd been looking for something interesting hadn't I? Well this had to be my chance. She didn't exactly look like a lesbian with her skirt and turquoise jewellery, but she did have a bit of a hippy vibe that made me think that even if I got shot down she wouldn't be offended by my efforts. What I had to figure out was how I was going to approach her.

"Hi there, sorry to bother you, but do either of you know how to get to Labrys from here?" I asked, as asking for directions was the only way I could think of to non-intrusively start a conversation. Plus, Labrys was a lesbian book-store, so I knew that if one of them knew the way it would be a good sign. Unless of course they were together. Her friend looked up at me from behind her sandy blonde hair with a searching look. My girl looked me right in the eye and said, 

"I'm not sure, but I've heard it's an interesting place to check out. I'm new in town so I'm still figuring out my way around too. I'm Brianna by the way, but my friends call me Bri. This is Allison. I'm crashing at her place until I find my own apartment."

"Ah, living off of your friends for a bit eh?"

"I suppose you could say that. I'm trying to find a job, but it's harder than I thought it would be." 

"You could always apply at Racks, the pool hall down the street. I'm working there part-time right now and I think they're hiring. It's decent pay with pretty flexible hours. Not exactly a career, but it would give you a little cash till you find something more permanent."

"It sounds great except that I don't like to mix business with pleasure. I like pool too much to work at a pool hall. It might ruin it for me to be around it all the time."

"In that case I challenge you to a game. I've got my own table back at my place if you'd like to prove your passion."

"Oh I never said I was any good at it, I just said that I like it. I haven't played in awhile, so I'm a bit rusty, but the prospect is tempting." 

I could tell she was yielding, but Allison chose that moment to cut in with, "Bri you've got a job interview this afternoon you can't go off gallivanting around town." 

I don't think blondie liked me too much. Her thin lips were fixed, giving her the sour impression of a mother waiting for her child to get out of the kiddie pool when dinner's ready and getting cold.

"Sorry Ali, I forgot. I guess we'll have to play some other time....I'm sorry I didn't catch your name."

"How rude of me, I'm Stephanie. The offer still stands though, any time you want me, you've got me. I haven't been too busy lately since Racks doesn't open till later in the day."

"I really would like to take you up on that sometime soon. Here's my number...well, Allison's number. I'm not sure how long I'll be there, but it's where you can reach me, at least for the next few days. It will be nice to have a new friend in town." 

She scrawled her number down on her napkin with traces of chocolate on the edges. Her bracelet jingled a bit as she wrote and I noticed that she had a silver ring on almost every finger. I took her number and offered her mine. She and Allison hurried out of the ice cream parlour and drove off. I wondered whether I would hear from her again and if I didn't whether I should call her or not. 

I didn't have to wonder for too long. That night I got a call from her. Luckily it was my night off. She told me that the job interview had gone well and that she wanted to play a little pool with me to celebrate. Well, of course I said yes. I gave her my address, and then we said our goodbyes. Now that I knew she was coming over I had other things to worry about. I tidied my loft-style apartment a bit. It's not huge. Basically it's the pool table and a small living area, the kitchen and the bed room in one large room. I lit some candles and put a little jazz on the stereo. I wasn't sure whether she was thinking of this as a date or not, so I didn't want to go overboard, but if she did, I wanted it to be nice. I put on a black tank top and my jeans that have worn out so much that there is a tear right across the bottom of the back pocket, which I knew would show a little skin as I bent down to play pool. Before I knew it, the doorbell rang. When I opened it I was blown away again by Bri's form and irresistible smile.

"Hi there, I brought some red wine since this is a celebration and every celebration needs some good wine," she said.

"Excellent, let me get some glasses and a bottle opener. Come on in."

As I poured the wine I glanced over and saw her picking her cue and chalking it up. I watched her hands as they ran along the stick and yearned for them to caress me in that manner. 

"Are you trying to get me drunk?" she asked jokingly while staring at the glass I had just poured. I had gotten so distracted looking at her that I'd filled the glass almost to the brim. 

I laughed at myself and, testing the waters, said,

"Why, of course not, why on earth would I want to do a thing like that?"

She smiled at me and slyly replied, "I can't imagine a single reason."

I gave her my lopsided grin and a bit of a raised eyebrow and brought over her wine and we started the game. As we played we continued to flirt and I was pretty sure she was interested in me. I became even surer of this when I was preparing to shoot and she leaned down on the opposite side of the table, displaying her cleavage and said, "don't get distracted." It was hard not to, but I was determined to beat her despite her feminine wiles. This seemed to be the right tactic as it only made her try harder to distract me. When I was down to the eight ball, she came over and breathed gently on my neck making everything in my body become alert. Then she slipped her hands into my shirt just at the bottom sending shivers all over my body and making me forget about the game of pool entirely. As she did that, she ran her other hand along the rip in my jeans that revealed the curve of my ass making me throb with desire for her. "Don't miss," she whispered into my ear. Well, then I knew I had to get it in, if for no other reason than to end this game and devour this girl.

"Eight ball, corner pocket," I said, right before hitting the ball and sinking it perfectly. Right, time to devour.

"Looks like you've beaten me," she said. 

"Looks like I have. Do I get some kind of reward?"

"Perhaps. How's this?" she said as she leaned in and her soft lips brushed over mine, teasingly, and then again, staying, kissing. I wrapped my arms around her and pulled her entire body to mine, so that I could feel the length of her against me, her breasts against my breasts, her thighs against my thighs, her tummy against my tummy, her sex against my sex. I broke from her lips and began kissing her neck, nibbling and making her gasp, licking along her collarbone, yearning to touch and taste those phenomenal breasts. I began running my hands along her sides, enjoying her curves, then she began slipping her hand under my shirt and I decided to follow suit. I ran my thumbs along her rib cage as she traced her fingers along the small of my back while kissing me deeply, passionately. I began teasing her along the underside of her breast as I pressed my body to her and she leaned back against the pool table. She gasped and began caressing my breast over my bra, lightly, skilfully tracing my aureoles and running her fingers gently over my nipples. I couldn't resist any longer.

I unhooked her bra and slipped my hand under it, feeling her naked and erect nipple against the palm of my hand. I began to massage her breasts, feeling her tongue inside my mouth, taking her nipple between my fingers till a moan came from within her and resonated within me. Our lips came apart and we looked into each others eyes, wanting, needing. She tore off my shirt and spun me around so that my ass was pressed up against the table. Then she pushed me back so that I was lying down and stradled me. She took her own shirt off and began kissing me ferverently, from my lips down to my breasts through my bra. She brought the top of my bra down so that my nipples were exposed and began lapping at them in a flicking sort of way, one and then the other. I felt my pussy moisten as I thought of her doing the same thing a little further down my body. I had only to think it for my wish to be granted. 

She began kissing down my body until she got to the waist of my pants. Once there she slowed down. Then she licked a line across my abdomen then blew on the same area sending shivers and sensations all over my body. Finally she unbuttoned and unzipped my jeans and drew them down off of my legs. I should have known however that the teasing would not stop there. She had gotten down off the table and I had my legs open in front of her. She drew my hips closer to the edge and I placed my feet on the ledge. She ran her fingers ever so lightly first over my feet and around my ankles, tickling me a bit and making me laugh. Then she started to run them up the outside of my calves and up to my outer thigh. She then went back to the calves and did the same thing on the inside. By this time I was breathing heavily and she could see the wet spot that had appeared on my light blue panties. She gently ran her hand over that spot making me need her more than ever. 

I couldn't wait any longer and slipped off my panties myself. She looked at my shining pink pussy and said, "God you're beautiful." She licked a curvy line up my thigh, then began kissing my outer lips. I felt her tongue and let out a soft low moan. She licked her way closer to my opening, then began slowly moving her tongue in and out of my hole. When I began twitching she brought her tongue out and rubbed her nose in a light circle around my clit. I gasped and placed my hand upon her head. I felt her smile and then the glorious sensation of her tongue moving closer and closer to my pleasure spot. She finally reached it and ran her tongue in circles, first slowly and gently, then building the pace. I let out a series of moans becoming louder and louder, and when I thought I couldn't take it anymore she slipped two fingers into my cunt and began fucking me while still licking furiously at my clit. I erupted with pleasure, my whole body spasming with a joy I couldn't contain as an "Oh fuck!" escaped my lips.

As I was coming down from my orgasm she crawled up beside me and began tracing her hands over my body again. I smiled at her and said, "thank you".

"No problem, though I wouldn't mind if you returned the favour," she replied.

"Hmm...that's a definite possibility." I grinned, jumped off the pool table, took her hand, and lead her alluringly buxom body into my room. "Are you up for a little adventure?" I asked.

She smiled at me with a thirst that I couldn't wait to quench and said, "Always."

"Have you ever tried one of these?" I ventured as I pulled out a silicone strap-on from the drawer of my bedside table.

Her eyes opened a little wider as she stared at the purple, ribbed shaft with a slight curve at the end and replied in a husky tone, "no, but I'm always up for new things." 

She watched me closely as I put it on. When I was ready I approached her and ran my fingers along her shoulders. She shivered and smiled. Then I ran my hands over those supple breasts again, drowning in the delight of the texture and the feeling of fullness in my hands. I continued down until I got to her hips, then I drew her to me, kissing her with a slow intensity, building as I heard her heavy breathing match my own. My extra limb pressed against her, putting welcome tension on my already wet and satisfied pussy. I slowly pulled her towards my bed as we continued kissing. She pushed me back and climbed on top of me. Her pussy opened towards me as she straddled me, not letting me enter her yet, but pressing herself up against me none the less.

I became more and more excited feeling her hard nipples against my chest mixed with the softness of her breasts, my hands roaming over her curved hips and firm ass as we began slowly thrusting towards each other. She began moaning as my cock rubbed against her clit. She sat up and began rocking slowly back and forth along our purple friend, still not letting it enter her as I ran my hands up her stomach to her breasts. She leaned over me again as I guided her breast to my mouth, sucking on her nipple, then nibbling on it softly. Her breath came harder and faster. I moved on to the next breast, running my tongue in a circle around her aureola as I reached down and began slowly circling her clit with my fingers. She let out a gasp as I began flicking my tongue over her nipple and rolling my finger from side to side over her hard engorged nub. I slid my fingers down, teasing the opening of her honey pot and asked, "Are you ready?"

Without saying a word, she led the tip of the dildo towards her succulent cunt and slowly lowered herself down onto it. She looked me in the eyes and said, "why, I think I just might be," as she began slowly sliding up and down my erection. I revelled in the sight of her lithe frame as she rode me, slowly building speed and force against my own still hungry sex, as her breasts began to bounce and I could feel the distant waves of a strong orgasm coming closer to my pleasure spot. Then she slowed down, teasing herself and me. Then she raised herself off of me saying, "I want you to ravish me." With that I stepped off of the bed and pulled her open thighs to the edge of it, her gleaming sex open and waiting for me. I ran my cock slowly around her pussy lips, then up and down her slit, then teasingly across her clit, then finally I slipped my extension into her slowly and deeply until it was all the way in. I held her hips with my hands as I ran the length of it in and out ever so slowly, smiling down at her slyly. I ran my hands up and down her smooth thighs as my heart started beating faster at the sound of her quickened breath. Without even meaning to I had quickened my pace. I leaned over her and looked her in the eyes as I began thrusting into her faster and faster. When she began moaning I stood upright again and, without decreasing my speed, began circling her clit with my thumb. 

I kept pushing myself into her, deeper and faster until I could hear my skin clapping against hers in a steady rhythm that was almost drowned out by her verbal expressions of bliss and my own as we both approached the pinnacle of pleasure. I circled her clit furiously as she let out one long cry and I felt my own release wash over me. I slowed as I looked down at her contentedly. I pulled out of her, took the contraption off, and crawled up beside her as she had done for me. I nuzzled her cheek and rest my hand on her tummy as I asked, "So, how did you enjoy your first time?"

"Mmmmm......after that I think you can ravish me anytime you like." 

"Careful now, I might take you up on your offer."

"Please do."