  This story was previously published under my old username, latenightkiss. After this chapter there will be new chapters coming soon! 

With a thud, Chloe dropped the last box onto the foyer floor. Moving was exhausting, and she was dripping in sweat. She gazed down at the box of books with contempt, dreading the trip up the stairs. If only Anne lived in a high-rise apartment with an elevator, instead of a two-story house. There were twenty-eight steps between the first story and the second. There were at least ten to get to the staircase, and another fifteen at the top to get to the office. Fifty-three steps and she would be done moving. That would be easy, right?

With a groan, Chloe hefted the box into her arms and tried not to think about how heavy it was. It was a small box, and it maybe held fifteen books, so why was it so heavy? Chloe pushed the thought out of her mind and trudged up the stairs, panting. She loved the grand, sweeping staircase, but right now she wished it were practical and straight, with no extra steps. 

She stopped for a moment to rest at the top of the stairs, hating how winded she felt. Her office was just down the hall; she and Anne had painted the former guest bedroom and converted it into a useable space a few days after Anne had asked her to move in. The walls were now a pale blue, and one wall was lined with white shelves for her books. 

As she walked down the hall, she passed their bedroom. Anne was lying naked on the bed, her cell phone to her ear. She had been getting calls all morning from her office, needing her input on something. The last call had come in as Chloe had grabbed the last box. With an apologetic smile, Anne had taken the call and gone up to their room to talk. The being naked part seemed weird to Chloe, but only a little, as she knew that Anne preferred to be in the buff when in her own home. She spent all week confined into business suits and dresses, and when she was at home she wanted to be as comfortable as possible.

Chloe plopped the box on top of the stack she already had going by the wall of shelves. They had slowly been moving things to Anne's house throughout the week, and most of it was already unpacked. Deciding that she would rather finish unpacking the office, she opened a box and began to unpack. 

As she slid the last volume of her leather-bound Complete Works of William Shakespeare on the shelf, she felt a pair of arms wrap around her waist. "Hey, baby," Anne whispered against the back of her neck. "All done?"

Chloe nodded, leaning her head back against Anne's shoulder. "Yeah, just finished."

"Good, then we can shower." Anne tugged on her hand and Chloe followed her to their bathroom. 

Anne flipped the shower on, and went to work on peeling off Chloe's clothes. Her girl was dressed in an old pair of capris and a t-shirt that was snug across her bountiful breasts. She had watched her bend to pick books out of the boxes on the floor for five minutes, just enjoying the sight of her perky ass before she had stepped forward. Tugging off Chloe's worn jeans she moaned when she noticed that her lover wasn't wearing any panties.

"Well, well, well, what have we here?" Anne chuckled.

"I packed all my underwear the other day when I brought all my clothes over. I didn't have any to wear today," Chloe grinned, biting her bottom lip.

"Tsk, tsk, tsk. What am I going to do with you?"

"Punish me?"

Anne shook her head. "I think I'll tease you instead. Get in the shower, baby."

Chloe did as she was told and shrieked and the icy water pelted her skin. Her nipples contracted and she shivered. Anne followed her submissive into the shower, careful to avoid the freezing spray. She sat on the bench seat, spreading her legs, exposing her dripping pussy. Chloe eyed the sight hungrily.

"My pussy is feeling neglected today. It needs some attention, pet."

Chloe licked her lips and nodded. "Can we turn up the temperature?"

"After I cum."

Chloe nodded again and leaned forward, burying her face in Anne's musky wetness. Eagerly she lapped at her Mistress' dripping cunt. She latched her lips around her distended clit and sucked hard, eliciting a squeal of pleasure from Anne. Chloe nipped it gently before she dove her tongue deep inside Anne's soaking sheath. 

"Mmm, baby, right there," Anne moaned.

Swirling her tongue inside her, Chloe used every technique she had to bring Anne to orgasm. Barely a minute passed before her Mistress came, screaming. Chloe withdrew, sitting back on her haunches in the middle of the ice-cold spray. She licked her lips again, savoring the taste of Anne's pussy on her lips. 

"That's the stuff," Anne reached around the trajectory of the spray to turn the dial. The water heated quickly, smoothing the goosebumps away from Chloe's skin. 

"I pleased you, Mistress?" Chloe asked softly.

"You always do, baby," Anne leaned forward and kissed her, thrusting her tongue between Chloe's parted lips. 

When they drew apart, Anne pushed at Chloe's shoulders. "Lay down, baby. I've got plans for you."

Chloe went willingly, lying prone on shower floor, the spray beating down on her legs. Anne reached up and grabbed the second showerhead, the one with the long handle and the pulsating spray option. Chloe squirmed with anticipation as she realized what her Mistress was about to do. They'd played this game a few times before, and she always loved it.

Anne stood above her, the spray from the big showerhead raining down on her. "I bought a new toy for you baby, I hope you like it."

Remembering the last new toy Anne had bought, Chloe felt her pussy spasm. The ice dildo had been amazing, and she suspected that this one would be too. Anne reached into the in-shower shelf and pulled out a bright pink dildo. There didn't seem to be anything out of ht ordinary about it, but with her Mistress, Chloe could never be certain.

"Do you know what this is, baby?" Chloe shook her head, sinking her teeth into her bottom lip. "It's a water dildo," Anne told her, grabbing the small shower hose that they rarely used. She twisted the end of the dildo onto it, and Chloe watched with fascination as water started pulsing out of the dildo.

"I'm going to give you a choice: do you want this in your pussy, or in your ass?"

In the week since Anne had asked her to move in with her, they had barely had time to sleep, let alone have sex. The one time that they had, they'd sixty-nined before they fell asleep. There certainly hadn't been time for toys. Chloe was ready to be fucked hard, and she didn't care which hole got stuffed.

"Surprise me," she said huskily. 

"As you wish. I want you to grab your knees."

Anne knelt between Chloe's legs as her sub followed her order. Holding the water vibrator in one hand and the showerhead in the other. Grinning mischievously, she poised the showerhead directly over Chloe's clit. Her hips bucked at the contact.

"Stay still, or you won't get your surprise later." Chloe moaned, but stayed still.

Anne bent her head and started lapping at Chloe's cunt, dipping her tongue down to her lover's pink rosebud too. She spent equal time tormenting each of Chloe's holes, leaving her unsure of which hole was going to be used.

Finally, when Chloe was a quivering mass of need, Anne slipped the tip of the water vibrator inside Chloe's asshole. She'd only lubed the hole with her spit, she made sure to be gentle; she never wanted to hurt her girl. Thrusting the pink appendage deep into the gaping hole, she held Chloe's hips down as she arched off the tile floor. 

"Ohmygod. Fuck me. Ohmygod," Chloe moaned, her fingers searching for a perch on the slick floor. "Please, please, please."

Anne put her mouth over Chloe's pussy and pushed her tongue deep inside her, twisting the dildo deep in her lover's ass. "You're going to take this harder, baby. Brace yourself."

Chloe groaned as Anne intensified her thrusts into her asshole. The vibrator in her ass and the pulsing water on her clit had her in a frenzy. She was ready to cum, but knew Anne wouldn't let her until she was done teasing her. Staying still was driving her crazy; she needed to move.

"Stay still baby," Anne warned again. 

"Oh, but I'm gonna...gonna—" she broke off with a loud moan as she came, unable to help herself.

When she opened her eyes, Anne's face was hovering above hers. "God, you're hot when you cum, baby girl," she whispered just before she smashed her lips to Chloe's. Thrusting her tongue deep, she dueled with her lover, tasting her, and making sure that Chloe could taste herself. She pulled away and tweaked one of her sub's nipples hard. Chloe's back arched, and she moaned again.

"I didn't give you permission to cum, did I?"

"No, you didn't. I'm so sorry, Mistress. Forgive me. Please, please forgive me."

Anne reached up behind her back and switched off the water. "Get up, Chloe. We're going to the playroom." She grabbed a towel off the rack and quickly dried herself off. Chloe knew better than to move to do the same without permission, and stood waiting for Anne to lead her to the playroom.

Anne illuminated the playroom with the soft lights that hung over the four-poster bed in the corner of the room. She motioned for Chloe to lie on the bed while she went to the toy closet. Grabbing two dildos from the drawers, she sprayed them with lube before she walked back over to the bed. 

"Hands and knees," she ordered. 

Chloe complied, putting herself in the position she knew her Mistress liked best. Anne took the smaller of the two dildos and shoved it deep in Chloe's ass, which was still gaping from the water vibrator. Her sub trembled, but didn't make a sound. Once the dildo was in as deep as it would go, Anne slipped the other dildo into Chloe's soaking cunt. This time Chloe couldn't contain her moan. She loved to be double-penetrated. 

"Ten spanks, each cheek. Every sound earns another pair."

"Yes, Mistress," Chloe murmured.

"Do you know why you're being punished, slut?"

"Because I came without permission."

"Good girl. If you make it through all ten spanks, you can cum, but not before."

"Yes, Mistress."

Anne swung her hand back and brought it down hard on Chloe's right ass cheek. Her girl jumped a little, but wisely did not make a sound. Again, she raised her hand and brought it down on the girl's pert ass, loving the way the dildos giggled in her holes. As she reached the end, she could see Chloe's asshole spasming, fighting to keep the dildo deep within her depths. On the twentieth spank, Anne moaned as her lover jerked.

Taking a dildo in each hand, she twisted them inside her girl, and Chloe screamed her name, cumming long and hard. When she was finished, she collapsed on the bed, face down, the two dildos still penetrating her.

"Good job baby," Anne kissed her way down Chloe's back, hovering over the end of the dildo before she pulled it out of her lover's ass. Chloe groaned, the sound mumbled by the pillows at the head of the bed. 

"Am I forgiven, Mistress?" she mumbled sleepily.

"Yes, baby, you're forgiven." Anne drew her into her arms, spooning behind her. "And I'll let you keep your surprise."

"What is my surprise?" Chloe asked, sounding more alert.

"After we nap for a little bit, you and I are going to the Club."

They hadn't been to the Club since shortly after they met. They'd talked about going, but only for one specific scene.

"You mean...?" Chloe gasped.

"Yes, baby, you're going to be the center of attention. Just you, being fucked by a line of women."