 I had just dozed off when Sarah blasted into the dorm room we shared. She flipped on the light and flung her bag onto the desk with a loud thud. I all but fell out of bed, startled. 

"Everything ok there?" I asked, staring at her from under sleepy lids. 

"Sorry Jess... Randy and I just got into a huge fight. He's such an asshole!" She raged. 

I sat up and patted my bed. "Want to talk about it?" There probably wouldn't be much chance of sleeping until she did, I thought.

She came over and sat on my bed with her knees up to her chest. I couldn't help but sneak a peek at her smooth, ivory legs, as her skirt slid to reveal their entirety. "Well, its really sort of embarrassing..." She trailed off awkwardly. Understandable since we had only known each other for about 3 weeks. 

I patted her hand. "No pressure. Only if you feel comfortable." Her skin was cool under mine, still warming from the chilly fall air. 

She looked away. "The thing is... Sex. Sex is the issue. He's kind of my first." She admitted. "I guess it's just not what I expected. It's always over so fast, and he's not really very attentive."

Ok, I thought. This IS kind of embarrassing. "Have you tried to take things slower? Maybe some foreplay?" I suggested.

She looked at me funny. "Sure. There's some of that. Like, kissing and stuff." She looked unsure of herself. 

"Some kissing... and stuff?" I questioned. This guy was sounding like a real winner. 

"He likes it when I go down on him." She almost whispered. 

"And what about you?" 

"Oh, I don't mind doing it." 

I blinked in wonder. "I mean, what about YOU? What do you get out of this arrangement?" I prodded. 

"Oh... I've had... Well, I'm pretty sure I've had... You know." She stuttered, her face turning red with embarrassment. 

"You're PRETTY sure?!" I asked incredulously . "I just... good lord Sarah!" I sat shaking my head. 

We fell into an awkward silence after that. I kept stealing glances at the beautiful girl sitting on my bed. She had long golden hair that fell like silk down her back in soft waves. She was curvy. Full on top, i was guessing about a 34C. Her waist was tiny, but her hips flared out in a perfect, womanly shape. I sat wondering how it could be that this specimen of human perfection could quite possibly never have experienced an orgasm. 

A few strands of Sarah's shiny hair fell over her eye as she rested her chin on her knee. She really was stunning. I reached out and brushed it away. She looked startled. I was actually a little startled myself. I pulled my hand back, suddenly feeling guilty. My eyes dropped from hers. She shifted on my bed, dropping her legs, and rearranging her skirt. 

"I'm going to shower." She stated. I was slightly relieved. 

After she left the room I turned on my iPod, shut the lights back off, and laid in my bed. I slid a hand down my body and into my panties. My legs fell open as I squirmed under my own touch. I moaned, dipping a finger into my slippery lower lips. Pulling some of the liquid up I rubbed slowly at my clit. My other hand snaked under my tiny night shirt to pull and pinch at my hardening nipples. My eyes were closed and I was moaning with abandon when I heard a loud crash over the music in my ears.

My eyes flew open and I sat up quickly, yanking the earbuds out of my ears. Someone was struggling to get up off the floor barely 2 feet from my bed, feet tangled in my discarded sheet. "What the fuck?!" I shouted, heart racing. I flipped on the dim lamp on my night table. 

"Sarah!" I exclaimed. "What in the world are you doing?!" I climbed out of bed to help her up, but she moved just in time to trip me, too. We lay on the floor laughing. It occurred to me that she clearly had not taken her shower yet, and I wondered how long she'd been watching me. I looked at her in the dim light. Her breasts were straining against the thin fabric of her fitted white shirt. Her nipples poked out, begging to be touched. 

"You're incredibly sexy." I breathed. "Randy is an idiot." I reached to help her into a sitting position, and boldly grazed her taunt nipples with my hands. She looked surprised, but didn't say a word. I stroked her hair, allowing the waves to slide through my fingers. Her breath quickened and she seemed nervous, crossing and uncrossing her legs. I unabashedly took her in. My gaze devouring her from head to toe. She licked her pouty pink lips. My hands tangled in her hair as I pulled her in toward my eager mouth. Our lips met and she was still. For a moment I questioned my sanity, but then she began to kiss me back. Gently at first, then responding with urgency to my tongue as it parted her lips. 

My hands roamed her body as the kiss deepened. I slid across her satin flesh, lifting her shirt to reveal her large, perky breasts. We broke apart for a moment while I pulled the shirt over her head. In one swift move my mouth was on her nipple, licking and sucking until it stood out like a pencil eraser, then moving to the other. Her head fell back as she moaned in pleasure. She lay back on the floor while my hand slipped inside her panties, finding a slim strip of hair there. Her moisture made the entry of my two fingers into her pussy effortless. She gasped as though she just realized what was happening, starting to close he legs. My lips found hers again and I felt her reserve melting as she opened her sex wide, allowing my fingers to stroke in and out while my palm rubbed against her engorged clit. I started to bite her neck. Gently at first. I was rewarded with loud cries of excitement, so I bit harder. 

She was writhing beneath my hand when she suddenly cried out "Stop... Oh god! Stop! I can't..." and reached down to stop my hand. It was obvious she was on the verge of orgasm, so I grabbed her hands and pushed them above her head, then pressed my lips to her dripping cunt, my tongue eager to bring her climax. She clawed at my shoulders as she cried out over and over. There was a sudden gush as she came. Switching to my hand, I watched her face as her orgasm washed over her. She looked like a wild woman. Hair in a disarray. Eyes wide. Grasping violently at her own nipples. I had to chuckle as she came down. She was looking at me like a drunken teenager. "That was incredible!" 

"Don't be like Randy." I teased with a wink, discarding my clothes. Her eyes grew round. I could tell she was trying to decide what to do next. I laid on my bed and resumed the task I'd been working on when she interrupted me. I reached into my night table drawer and pulled out a small, silent, fingertip massager. I turned it on low and ran it up and down on my clit. She was watching me with amazement. Tentatively she crept over and touched one of my nipples, then grew more bold as she massaged my breasts. I responded with an appreciative purr. "No need to be shy... or gentle." I told her, with a slow smile. 

She brought her lips down until I felt her warm breath on my skin. Her tongue darted out to taste my erect nipple. I took her hand and placed it between my parted thighs. I could tell she was nervous. Ever so slowly she slid one finger into my soaking wet canal and pushed it in as far as she could, entering me over and over. I continued to massage my clit, the vibrations drawing my orgasm to the surface. Her lips met mine and I felt sweet release wash over me. We lay together giggling and touching for hours. 

In the morning I awoke to an empty room. The memory of the night before like a dream, in my mind.