 We had nursed our hangovers all morning and as the heat of the day rose, so I became more convinced that Karen was playing with me. From over the garden wall came the lazy purr of a lawnmower, the smell of cut grass following its lazy trail up and down. It had only been a drunken kiss at the party last night, and to her I'm sure it was nothing, but it was the first time I'd kissed another woman. First time I'd ever wanted to. 

I reached down to roll up my dress, flapping it briefly to try to create some sort of breeze. 'It's too hot.' I said.

Karen just raised her eyebrows. 'You shouldn't be such a prude in what you wear then should you.'

Karen was definitely no prude. Her dress showed off her cleavage to its best advantage. The hemline was equally as revealing, dancing lightly over her upper thighs as if the slightest breeze would blow it away. Her legs were just as bronzed as the rest of her, the fine down of hairs on her thighs bleached by the sun.

The legs crossed, revealing more than just thigh.

'Are you thinking about last night?' She asked, smiling.

I realised that I'd been staring and felt my face redden. 'What?'

'Were thinking about our snog last night while you were staring up my dress?'

'I wasn't doing any such...'

'I saw you.'

'Don't be so ridiculous.'

She looked at me as a cat looks at a mouse. 'Have you really only ever slept with men?'

Despite the agony I'd been in all morning, I was unprepared for this. 'I'll get more drinks.' 

Before I could rise, Karen was there before me, her hand out to help me up. The late afternoon sun shone through the material of her dress, giving me a silhouette of her body beneath. The muscles between my hips tightened, I took the well-manicured hand offered to me and she stepped nearer as I rose. We were face to face, our bodies brushing against each other. Her perfume mixed with the salt of her skin, tightening those muscles again.

'You weren't so shy last night. How about we finish what we started?'

I stepped back. 'No. People can see.

Her hands pressed firmly on my hips, preventing escape. 'No one can see us. No one.'

My head fell, not knowing what to do in this situation, not wanting to take responsibility for it, but I found myself looking down the plunging neck of Karen's dress, at the white lace edges of her bra. Her lips found mine and the taste of Pimms melted into my mouth, Cucumber and strawberries. Her kiss was moist with lipstick and this more than the crushing of our breasts gave me the thrill of the forbidden.

Karen pulled her lips away slightly. 'Just imagine that they are looking though. From out of their windows at us, kissing. I tried to pull away in panic, but her arms wrapped around my waist. She pulled me close, moving her body against mine, sending minute vibrations through my breasts as the fabric of our dresses rubbed together. I could feel eyes watching our illicit kiss. Karen put her hand firmly into the nape of my neck and pulled me back to her. Her lips pressed hard onto mine and the tip of her tongue explored me.

I was too wrapped up in the kiss to notice when her hands left me. Before I could stop her, the kiss broke and she pulled her dress over her head.

'Not here?'

'Here or nowhere.' She said as her dress floated to the grass. She ran the back of her hand down my breast and made a cooing noise. 'Now or never.' She said softly.

When I did nothing, she reached behind me and slid the zip of my dress all the way down, easing it from my shoulders until it fell around my feet. I could not take my eyes off her. Karen smiled as she discarded her bra, putting her arms around me to turn my body towards the house. Her cheek brushed mine. 'Can you feel them all watching you?' The neighbour's windows were empty, but in my mind's eye I could see them. She undid the clasp on my bra, then moved her hands around to cup my breasts. I closed my eyes and let my head fall back against Karen's shoulder as the fabric left my breasts, then Karen's hands returned. I could feel my neighbours watching me. They could see everything. Jenny and Brian, looking out of their bedroom window. The students next door on the other side, the other neighbours as well, catching only glimpses perhaps, some shocked, but all watching me. Seeing Karen kissing my neck and massaging my breasts. Seeing my desire for these things.

'Lie down.' Karen said softly. 

The grass was cool on my skin and Karen's touch burned as she straddled me. Our breasts touched, making me shiver, despite the heat.

She kissed me deep and hard, her hands urgently exploring. Her lips slid down to my breasts, taking each in turn, pressing her tongue hard into each nipple. Her breasts soft against my midriff. Moaning, I grabbed her head, pulling her into the soft flesh. then the kisses trailed downwards. I gasped as I felt her kiss just above the elastic of my briefs.

The last remaining piece of cotton slid down my thighs, slowly exposing me fully to her, kisses circled the edge of my sex. Her hair fell onto my stomach and thighs like a silk sheet, hiding us from each other.

She kissed my labia, pressing her mouth hard onto the flesh. I let my head fall back and stretched, writhing in the short grass as her tongue thrust deep into me, releasing tension that I wasn't even aware had built up. She lapped hard, flicking my clitoris at the end of each upward stroke. One of my more adventurous boyfriends had licked me before, but compared to Karen he'd just been fumbling around. She knew just the rhythm to build up, the gap between each stroke just long enough to make me fear that she would stop, but not so long my muscles could relax.

As she licked me her hands massaged inside my thighs. Slowly and surely the rotating massage movements worked their way up until they were either side of her lapping tongue. Her thumbs extended out and massaged my labia, pressing firmly into the pliant flesh. Then the massaging stopped and two fingers slide into me, hooking upwards and rubbing the top of the tight muscles encasing my vagina. With her fingers inside me, her tongue concentrated on my clitoris now, building the strokes, each one a little harder than before, her plunging fingers matching the rhythm of her tongue. The tension arched my neck back into the grass. I could do nothing, my body was rigid and all my senses only responded to the flick of her tongue and the friction of her fingers.

A spasm of pleasure cramped along my spine, making me gasp, another soon after. 'Oh Jesus. Don't stop Don't stop.'

I couldn't help myself now, I grabbed hold of her head and pressed it as hard as I could into my pelvis. Using both hands she tried to stop me suffocating her entirely, but the tongue didn't stop as I forced her deeper into me.

The first orgasm hit and it felt like my back was going to break as my muscles arched into the fresh grass. Karen kept licking and on the back of the first orgasm came a second, then a third. Karen seemed to know just when each orgasm began to fade and would lap another up into my spine. She took my clitoris into her mouth, sucking hard and rolling it between the roof of her mouth and her tongue. 'Jesus.' My leg muscles burned with the effort to grip Karen's head and still she kept sucking. 

Finally the orgasms stopped and we both lay there panting, Karen resting her head between my legs, giving an occasional kiss or caress, sending electric angels between my hips. The sun shone down on us as we lay there in the grass and I didn't once look to see who was watching.