 Her hand pressed against my shoulder and pushed me back against my wall roughly. A fire in her eyes as they ran up and down my naked body. She licked her lips, moving closer, her fingers tracing their way down my chest then stroking softly under my breast, cupping it gently as she leaned down to kiss and lightly nibble the nipple. 

Her hips pressed into mine. Her other hand traveling down and curling on my abs. She had complete control over me, my hands cuffed behind my back. 

Grinding back against her I leaned down and ran my lips up her smooth cheek and moaned seductively in her ear then flicked her earlobe with my tongue. I could feel her body heat up as her motions gained lustful intensity. 

Her fingers moved on my abs, her palm brushing down against my skin. She pressed her fingers against my cat(;-)) just teasing the opening, then moved them back up and massaged my clit in a circular motion, causing me to stand a little straight and my breath to catch. 

She slipped a finger down quickly and thrust it in my pussy as far as it would go, this move driving me insane. I moaned louder than before, half way teasing her but an overall honest moan. 

Pulling the move a few more times she had my knees weak. I used my body against her and pushed her towards the bed, flipping my hands so they were in front of me, I put my restraints at the back of her neck and pulled her towards me. Kissing her passionately I pushed her towards the bed. 

She switched places with me and grabbed the cuffs, pulling them over my head and hooking them to my headboard. I was completely prone to anything and everything she wanted to do...

She moved to in between my legs and pressed her hips into mine as she fondled and kissed me, using all the right movements to have me eating out of the palm of her hand. 

Her soft luscious lips parted from mine as she kissed down my neck and across my collarbone. Her lips moved down as her hand moved up, cupping my left breast she ran her lips down across the nipple then gently kissed. She took the tip between her lips and gave a light nibble before moving to the other. After giving it the same treatment she moved down. 

Pausing for a moment about mid way down the middle of my right swimline she placed her lips against my hot skin and sucked, leaving behind a small mark to later grow into a bruise. She looked up at me and smirked mischievously. 

Her fingers moved up my thigh then traced my slit, teasing it and me. Making me lust for her all the more. Her lips moved down over my clit as she flicked her tongue, sliding a finger in my pussy and pressing as far as she could. 

Moaning, my legs came up out of pure instinct, the pleasure almost unbearable. With 2 fingers she started to slide in and out, her thrust in time with the flicks of her tongue, for a while. 

I could feel her smile grow the closer I got; she was enjoying this almost as much as I was, maybe more. She increased speed and lost the rhythm, mixing it up.

I arched my back and moaned loudly as I came, my leg twitching against her side. She lifted her mouth and smiled, biting her bottom lip as she pumped her fingers in and out, keeping that feeling going as long as she could before she went back down. 

She leaned down and was kissing around my swimlines and in between as I caught my breath. 

Feeling my breathing return to normal she went back down, sliding her tongue down in place of her fingers. She gave a firm full bodied suck to my c-spot, and almost had me again, before she slid her tongue down and slid it back and forth, up and down at my entrance, teasing me before she pressed forward. "Testing the waters" you could say.

Her tongue pressed forward and slid easily into my wet pussy, I could feel every move she was making and it was driving me closer and closer. Her thumb moved around and massaged my clit as she worked her tongue back and forth. 

It didn't take long under her touch before I reached my next orgasm. This one stronger than the last and making me shake from head to toe with pleasure. 

She cleaned the mess that she made then slid up sexily, letting her body brush against mine as she slid up, keeping her place in between my legs. She pressed down into me and moved, using her whole body as she suck kissed my neck. Her hand traveled up my arm and unhooked my bindings, letting me go finally.

My arms came down around her as I pulled her closer, our bodies pressing together as we kissed passionately. 

Getting lost in each other the night went on, we didn't end up going to sleep till almost dawn, but those stories are for another day.