 I cannot believe this is happening. I could I be so careless? Where the hell was I when she needed me the most? I held her in my arms tight as her breathing shallows. She glanced up at me lazily, lips parting about to speak. 

"Shhhh...don't talk. Save your energy."

She mouthed three little words that melted my heart. "I love you."

Tears streaming down my face, with her dying in my arms, I couldn't help but to reminiscence about the last century when she changed my life forever.

#

I was only just beginning my life at twenty-seven. I recently came back from the U.K. from lab studies. Prof. McHugh sent for me to help him unveil this uncanny myth. I spent two years, three months, and 19 days there. I was so ready for fabulous USA! When I arrived at my house in my black Mercedes, a tall dark and handsome man stepped out of his car to greet me. I walked toward him suspiciously. No words were exchanged only him giving me a business card with the name Caine on it and a ten digit number. Just as fast as he came he left. Standing there dumbstruck, in front of my driveway, I probably looked stupid or something. I shoved the card in my coat pocket and welcomed myself home.

A few days later, I began to change. I could not sleep. I didn't eat. I wasn't sick though. Wearing glasses seems to blur my vision than enhance it. My toned muscles were cut and fitted into my curvy body perfectly. (By the way I'm 5'6" with 38Cs, 132lbs., long jet black hair, deep dark brown eyes, and an ass to die for.) Strangely everywhere I went I would hear the pulse of others, drawing me nearer. I tasted blood, the crimson liquid of life flowing through me giving me life. I was going absolutely insane. I spent most of my time locked up in my two story home contemplating my sanity. I could not do anything but smell, taste, feel, and see blood. I had to end my madness. I waited impatiently for nightfall. I already downed a bottled of fine red wine. I grabbed the sharpest knife I owned and placed it at my chest. With sweaty hands I plunged the sharp object into my heart. Blood slowly crept from the wound. I sank to my knees and welcomed the darkness that swallowed me.

#

Gasping I awoke. Why am I alive? Blood was everywhere. It looked as if I slaughtered someone. My white blouse turned into a deep shade of red. Breathing deeply I touched my chest. There was no wound. Not even a scar was visible. I had just stabbed myself a few hours before! What the hell was going on? I had to talk to someone before I completely lose it! Maybe I already lost it... I have no idea what the fuck was going on! I have no idea why but I ran upstairs to my coat and pulled out the business card. I debated whether to pick up the phone or not. I finally made up my mind as I dialed my life away.

After what seemed like forever a male voice answered the phone.

"Caine."

"Uh hey. This is Ryne. The woman you gave your business card to in front of her driveway. Well, I need to talk to someone and I decided I should just call you..." Oh my fucking god! I must sound idiotic over the phone as I chastise myself.

"I'll be right over." Click.

Oh my god that son of a bitch hung up on me. God I hate it when that happens.

Waiting for Caine to arrive felt like hours. Suddenly the doorbell chimed its happy tune. I opened the door and practically shouted, "What the hell took you so fucking long?"

"I was only ten minutes away," he said with a matter-of-fact tone.

"I'm sorry. I've just been so impatient the last couple of days."

I let him step in. He politely held out his hand and introduced himself.

"Robert Caine, master vampire. I am also dubbed Death by my adversaries. I work for PHASE; we want to recruit you."

"Well, Robert Caine. I'm Ryne and I think you're full of shit."

"Caine's just fine. Vampires exist and you are now one of us. PHASE. Preservation of Humans Against Supernatural Evils. I would love it if you work for me. Are you alright? You have a nice amount of blood on you." He glazed at my now dry bloody top.

I explained everything starting with how I began noticing the changes. After I spoke my story, he laid the PHASE and Vampire 101 onto me. I soaked up the information like a sponge. "You're appearance will remain the same until your death, which would only come if two things happened within a few minutes. First decapitation and second if your heart is ripped out of your chest."

"Now why didn't I think of that?" I laughed.

"So are you in, Ryne?"

"Do I have a choice?"

"No, but still it's nice to ask, to be polite and all."

"Thanks...that really helps," I replied sarcastically. "I guess I will rid the world of scary monsters." Caine laughed.

"Sounds great. I just need to give you a few things from my car. I'll be right back."

"No problem. Just walk in, alright?"

A few moments later, Caine walked in with a slim silver briefcase. 

"Silver doesn't suit you," I said.

"I know. It's not mine. It's yours."

"Thanks I guess."

I placed the case by the adjacent couch. 

"By the way, you need to feed soon. Also if a vampire is deprived of blood long enough they will die."

"That's nice. So how long do I have?"

"It depends on the vampire. Now would be a good time to feed."

"If you would excuse me for five minutes, I will let you out."

I ran upstairs as fast as I could. I decided I would go out and have some fun too. I changed into tight charcoal denim and a v-neck red silky top. Pulled on my leather jacket and down the stairs I flew.

Caine was still sitting were I had left him.

"Are you planning to get a little something on the side or just going out to feed?"

"Maybe...I don't know," I shrugged.

"Well then Ryne, have a good night."

"Thanks I will, you too. By the way, thanks for the help."

I followed him out and climbed into my gorgeous black Mercedes. I pulled up to the Pink Panther, a nightclub owned by Eddie, a buddy of mine.

Joe, the valet, was nice as usual. I glided in to be greeted by none other than Eddie.

"Hey baby how you doin'?" "You look real nice but not so hot around the gills."

"Thanks for noticing Eddie. Been feeling like shit lately."

"Well, no problem doll. I'll get Mikey to fix a drink for ya. The usual?"

"Yeah, always." 

I took a sip of my Jack 'n Coke and almost threw up.

"What the fuck did Mikey put in here?" as I coughed up a lung.

"Honey, nothings changed. Its how you like it."

"Hey Mikey can I trade for a Sangeria?" 

"Anything for you babe," as he smiled and handed me my fruity drink. I could swear he just made a pass at me. Why can't he get it through his thick skull that I love pussy?

I was starting to freak out. I could hold more alcohol than most guys I know. I don't know what the hell was going on. Eeehhh, whatever. Sipping on a sissy drink isn't so bad after all, I guess.

I slowly sip on delicious drink and scanned the floor. My eyes landed on a beautiful brunette. She's about my height, maybe a little shorter. Dark brown curls that came down around her shoulders, fair creamy skin, and wearing the most gorgeous outfit I've seen in years. I usually stare at chick's asses but since she was sitting down I had to wait. Suddenly she glanced back in my direction. That's my cue. I grabbed my drink and flowed sensually over to her with her eyes tracking my every move.

"Can I buy you a drink?" I asked as I slowly glance toward her half empty drink.

"Thank you but I'm ok," she answered with an intoxicating voice.

"Alright. Are you expecting someone? By the way my name is Ryne."

"Hi Ryne. I'm Jenn with two n's. And no I'm not expecting anyone." She smiled with the most delicious set of lips. So kissable, I couldn't wait.

"Well then Jenn with two n's it's a pleasure. May I join you?"

"Please do. You can keep me company," she said and smiled sexily.

I got a closer look at her amazing body. She was absolutely in shape. I couldn't wait until she stood up so I could glance at her sexy ass. She was definitely hot. Period. 

I gave her the elevator, the good nice long up and down glance. She laughed as she caught me red handed as if my hand was stuck in the cookie jar. 

She spoke almost like a taunt "You just checked me out. Do you like what you see?"

"I know and I like it a lot. But trust me I just did a lot more than check you out."

"Oh really and what were you thinking about then?"

I leaned in almost as if I were about to kiss her but I suddenly placed my mouth inches from her ear and whispered, "Maybe you'll find out later." I could see goose bumps on her arms as a shiver went down her spine.

I pulled away and asked her if she wanted to dance. She stood up and turned towards the dance floor. I finally got a nice view of her ass. It was more than I imagined; much more firm and curved. What a nice sexy ass. I couldn't wait to get my hands on it. I downed the remainder of my Sangeria and lead her to the dance floor.

We started dancing about a foot apart. The DJ ended the song and turned up a new one. I decided to make a move. I pulled her closer by her arms. We were swaying to the music. I wrapped her in my arms; I became very wet as our bodies were entwined together. I slowly leaned in and began placing tiny kisses from her bare should to her neck. Her skin felt like velvet, soft and smooth. I arrived at her ear and began to kiss it. I could feel her heart beating faster and her breathing deepened. I stuck my wet tongue into her ear and got a moan of approval. As I made love to her ear she grabbed my ass and pulled me tighter into her. We grinded almost as if we were having sex with our clothes on, it was dead sexy. Song ended as soon as it started, but shortly after another followed. This time I turned her around. I caressed one of her tits and the other hand planted on her hip. She was grinding her ass into my pussy as I kissed the other side of her neck. I reached her ear again and she melted into me. I whispered in my sexiest voice, "Let's go somewhere more private." All she could do was nod. We rushed out of the nightclub as fast as our two feet could take us. Surprisingly my car was already waiting for us. (Note to self, thank Eddie next time I come here. I bet he saw me with sexy.) Joe opened the door for Jenn as I almost jumped the hood to get to the driver's side. Throughout the fifteen minutes it took to get to my house. Jenn could not keep her hands to herself. Teasing me slowly as her hand crept up towards my dripping pussy. 

"Hey lady if you keep doing that we're going to crash!"

She gave me an innocent I-don't-know-what-you-are-talking-about look. It was so cute.

Finally reached my house, I grab her and lead her to the door. Just as I was about to unlock it, she pulled me into a passionate kiss. Her lips were soft and sweet. Soon I was enflamed as our tongues danced in between us. I moaned as one of her hand cupped my wet snatch through my jeans. She began rubbing through the denim arousing my already wet pussy further. I barely got the door closed without breaking away from our embrace. I was pinned against the door as she kissed me with more desire and passion. We were peeling each others clothes off, leaving a trial towards my bedroom. Only in our bra and panties, I gently shoved her on my bed with me falling on top. I kissed her as I unhooked her bra and let it fall for the edge of the bed. I started to nibble at her neck and give her tiny kisses after each little nibble. Her breathing deepened as I continue to tease her. She moaned as I cupped both her tits and massaged them. I took a nipple into mouth and sucked it with abandon. She moaned as if I took her by surprise. Then I switched to the other one while pinching the hard nipple with my fingers. Soon I kissed and nibbled my way down towards her dripping box. I literately ripped her panties right off. I teased her a little bit kissing her everywhere near her pussy. As I caressed both her beautiful mounds, I drove right in and began licking every crevasse and suck on her hard clit. With one hand still at her tit I moved my other hand toward her pussy and slid two fingers easily inside. Her moaning and breathing increase as I began to pump two fingers in and out of her while sucking on her clit. She wrapped her legs around my shoulders and had her hands entangled in my hair as she push my head harder into her as she rode my tongue into ecstasy.

"Oh yes! Oh my fucking God! Fuck my pussy! Make me come!"

That was all I needed to send her into a screaming orgasm. I was growing wetter by the second. Getting her off almost made me come.

"Oh my God! Yesssssss!"

She pulled me up for a passionate kiss. I could still feel the heat rising off of her pussy as I lay on top of her. She turned me over onto my back and shredded my bra and panties. She lingered a bit over my naked body. She glanced down at two of my four tattoos, the gecko and butterfly. "Very cute," she said as she smiled. (I also have a phoenix with flames on my thigh and a tribal dragon on my lower back.) She moved upward towards my sensitive ear, while one hand crept painfully lower. She began tenderly kissing my ear, which sent shivers down my spine and goose bumps all over my body. At last, she reached my dripping, throbbing snatch. She began pumping two fingers in and out of me as she vigorously sucked my neck. I was in heaven or dreaming at least, how did I get this beauty into my bed? Someone pinch me. She could tell I was getting real close as my walls clamped down onto her fingers. I was moaning for her to do it faster and harder. Then she stopped. I almost died. She gave me a teasing smile and began her descend as she left a trail of kisses. I was being tortured. I couldn't wait to be relieved. Then she began caressing me with her tongue like no other. She made love to my pussy like no other. She touched all the right places. Pretty soon she had me squirming for release. She slid two fingers into me again and she sent me over the edge in screams. I couldn't take anymore of her assault so I pulled her up and kissed her passionately as I was still horny. I started to bit and kiss her neck just so as my thigh began grinding into wet pussy. Her moans were music to my ears. I drove into her faster and harder. Suddenly she stopped me and held me close to whisper into my ear, "I want you to fuck me." Well that's what I'm doing lady, I thought. Then I had an idea. 

"Hold on I'll be right back..." I slowly slipped off of her.

"Hold onto what?" She replied with a sheepish grin.

I went to the bathroom to grab a special friend. I put it on right away and climbed back into bed. I lubbed up my seven inch cock with her pussy juices. The expression on her face was priceless. She was shocked yet her eyes shone with pure lust. She commanded me to lie on my back. OMFG she's going to ride me. I was getting wetter by the second. She straddled my seven inch cock and took it all in at once. I guess she was dripping wet and horny enough. I grabbed both her thighs and thrust upward as she rode herself into ecstasy. It was the hottest thing on earth. I almost came as her walls gripped down on me. "Ohhh yes! Oh my fucking God yess!" She collapsed onto me after her orgasm subsided. She slipped out of me with a pop. I hope she's not at all done. She got onto her hands and knees. I didn't wait for her to ask as I got up to kneel behind her. I slowly pushed the tip of the strap-on into her and I happily got a moan. I placed my hands on her hips and began to fuck her. Her head leaned against one of her arms and her hands gripped the sheets. She moaned for me to go harder and faster. I pounded into her with everything I had. She meet each thrust with just as much force. I decided to be a little gutsy. I sucked on my thumb and plunged it into her asshole. That sent her over the edge. As she came over and over again, I couldn't hold it back any longer. I convulsed into a mind-blowing orgasm. We collapsed onto my bed spent. I slid out of her, and un-strapped my cock to toss it over the side of the bed. I lay next to her with my arms around her. She turned around to kiss me gently with her sweet lips. She curled up to fall into a deep sleep. Even though I was tired, I had to feed. I took my opportunity and waited as her breathing shallows to sink my teeth into her neck. I kissed and lick her delicious neck a little before I slowly bit into her pulsing neck. Blood flowed into my mouth like a running faucet. I could feel the energy run through my veins giving me life. I drank my fill and coated the two puncture wounds with saliva. They'll be gone by morning. I fell asleep listening to the light pulse of her heart. 

#

The next morning I woke up with sunlight creeping through the curtains. Jenn was still wrapped in my arms. Her breathing was still faint. I hope I didn't take too much of her blood. I climbed out of bed without a sound. I hopped into the shower. I needed one real bad. After a refreshing shower, I got into tight-ass jeans and a white tank. Being a vampire and all now, I love white too much as I laughed to myself. I went downstairs, picking up our clothing from last night along the way. I tossed mine into a hamper while hers into the washing machine. I made some of my favorite coffee straight from Columbia. The smells was intoxicating, I could already taste it as it was brewing. After it was done, I poured the steaming liquid into a mug and settled on the couch. I grabbed my brand spanking new briefcase. I snapped it open to look at the contents. Inside there were secret compartments; it held more than it looked. I unlatched the top of the case inside were two silver guns with behind-the-back waist sheaths and magazines with a dozen or more different bullets. There were two nine inch knives with arm sheaths as well. Great I'm loving it, I thought sarcastically. I latched the top part to look at the few files that were in the actual compartment. Two photos slipped out of one file, one a male the other female. I hoped I didn't have to kill them. The man was dark and handsome. His sheet said that he was a dangerous vampire named Marcus. God were all male vampires tall, dark, and handsome like Caine. Suddenly I heard my shower run. I guess Jenn was alright and decided to clean up. I glanced at the female picture. Luci was her name. She had dark auburn hair with emerald eyes. She was older and beautiful. She was partners with Marcus. She was a were-leopard. That's great! I tossed the file into my briefcase and closed it. I got to go get some more coffee as I saw Jenn glide down the stairs. I looked at her beauty, her hair was still wet clinging to her pretty face and wearing only a cream towel. She looked good enough to eat. She gave me a smile that would melt hearts. 

"Hey..." I said.

"Hey yourself." She replied.

"Would you like some coffee? I just made it not too long ago. How about some breakfast too?"

As I sipped my coffee, she descended down the stairs and moved in my direction. I froze; I couldn't take my eyes off her. She took my mug and set it on the counter. 

"Hey lady, what do you think you're doing with my morning wake-up call?" I said as I gave her a little dirty look.

"I'll give you a wake-up call to remember." She said as her lips touched mine.

OMFG she's a sex addict, I though to myself. Oh yes, I did absolutely fabulous. I broke the kiss and whispered, "We have a problem...breakfast is going to be postponed awhile..."

She couldn't have agreed more as I stripped her of towel. She was stunning and absolutely beautiful as she stood in my kitchen naked like the day she was born. Our lips locked as I began roaming my hands over her body. She broke our passionate kiss and started sucking and biting my neck. I moaned and spoke dirty things into her ear. 

"Let's play a game. I get to kiss you for five minutes and you can't touch me. If you do I get to do anything I want with you for the next hour. If you win you get to do anything you wish with me." She gave me a sexy smile as she finished explaining the rules. It sounded easy enough for me so I agreed.
