 I'd fancied Imogen for months. And despite the wedding ring on her finger, I'd got the feeling a few times that she felt the same. After all, she wouldn't be the first married woman to have lesbian tendencies, so I knew it wasn't impossible.

One day, like most days, I was lying on my bed, rubbing my clit gently through my pink silk panties thinking about how she would always hug me and kiss me lightly on the cheek then brush her lips quickly across mine.. how she always touched my legs under the table at meetings, so quickly that if I wasn't sensitive to her every touch and look, I might not even notice. I imagined her hand slipping further up my skirt, and that it was her fingers and not mine now pushing into my wet pussy. I used the other hand to play gently with my nipple, imagining Imogen rubbing it.. or maybe gently nibbling it.. fantasies flooded my head until I came hard, and lay on the bed satisfied and tired.

I fell asleep there, wet and naked, and didn't wake up until my phone rang. I answered it and blushed red when I realised who was on the other end - Imogen Reese, the very woman who'd captured my dirty mind and left me here, worn out from masturbating, in the first place. "Maia, are you still coming to the meeting at 5? Just checking," she said cheerily. I looked at the clock - 4pm. I had an hour to get ready and get to the meeting, and to be honest if it wasn't for Imogen being there I probably wouldn't have bothered, but as always I told her of course I would be there.

I got dressed in a simple black and white dress with a black belt and put my thick, long black hair into an updo. I didn't usually bother with makeup but I looked incredibly tired (I wonder why..) so I applied some foundation and mascara. I looked in the mirror and smiled. I looked older than 18, but not old. More like a sexy teacher or something, if I may say so myself. Looking at the clock and seeing 4:35, I quickly left and made my way to the information centre where the meeting was being held.

I got there a few minutes early, at the same time as Imogen, strangely enough. She was parking her car as I walked up the path, so I waited at the door for her. 

Her straw-blonde hair, usually halfway down her back, now framed her pretty face and stopped just short of her shoulders. Usually I wasn't a fan of short hair on women but she looked hot. She wore a black blouse and grey jeans with the brown boots that seemed to be attached to her feet. She was very slender, slimmer than me, but with a bigger bust, maybe a C or D cup to my B. She walked over to me and hugged me and kissed me on the lips, this time not even bothering with the pretence that she was aiming for my cheek. She smiled mischeviously and walked into the centre, I followed her, somewhat like a lost puppy.

We got inside and as always, sat next to each other. Imogen leaned over to me and whispered that I looked great. "You going clubbing after this?" she asked. I smiled and shook my head, and Imogen pushed me playfully before hugging me again. 

We were then asked to stop messing around, as a few people had ideas for the "fun day" we were supposed to be organising. One of the suggestions was Sponge the Clown (lobbing wet sponges at someone dressed as a clown), to which I responded loudly "Sponge the Imogen would be better!" and pointed at Imogen.

Imogen nodded her head in agreement before taking in what I'd actually said. "No!" she cried. "Stop it," she laughed, punching me on the arm. Wilma, the sour-faced woman holding the meeting, again told us to control ourselves.

I suppressed giggles and Imogen leaned close into me. "You just want to see me in a wet T-shirt," she smirked. I took a sharp intake of breath. Did she know how I thought of her? I looked at her and saw the sparkle in her eye that told me she was only teasing.

I smiled back and said "Oh of course, I want to make your clothes transparent, that's the only reason I wanted to hurl sponges at you.." hoping that she wouldn't see that that now wasn't far from the truth.

Coming even closer, she whispered in my ear: "You know you can make me wet without doing that.." and breathed into my ear. I instantly got wet myself. I wished she wouldn't tease me like that. She was just joking.. right?

Imogen didn't make any more jokes for the rest of the meeting, thank heaven. I may have had to rip her clothes off with my teeth right there and then. 

After the meeting, she offered me a lift home. I accepted, and got into her red Mini. She drove me home, most of the way we laughed about how funny it was annoying Wilma at the meetings. Imogen was 39, quite a bit older than me, but we both acted like annoying kids at those meetings.

When we stopped outside my apartment block, Imogen asked if I would come to her office tomorrow as she wanted to speak to me about an email she recieved. Confused, I said yes, I'd be there at 10am. Then I hugged her, let her kiss me and then got out of the car.

The next morning, my alarm woke me up at 9am. I slipped on a a white vest, blue jeans and red shoes. Underneath it, however, was a cream coloured, barely there, lacy bra and panties set. I always made sure I had nice underwear on when I went to see Imogen, even though I knew it was probably nothing more than wishful thinking. I put on foundation and some dark brown eyeliner that matched the colour of my eyes and complimented my olive skin. I decided to leave my hair down as it was thick and curly and made my simple outfit look almost glamourous. A slick of red lipgloss and I was ready to go.

I hadn't realised how long I had taken to get ready. I now had 10 minutes to get to Imogen's office, at least a fifteen minute walk away, so I called a taxi. It arrived and I jumped in, my stomach fluttering the whole way there. What email had she recieved? What did she want? Why couldn't she say it last night?

When I got there, I found that there was no email. I walked in the door, and Imogen popped round the corner and threw something at me. A wet, yellow mass hit me right in the chest. A sponge. I gasped from the wet and cold and the shock. Imogen was balancing herself on the wall, laughing almost hysterically. "You bitch!" I cried. After last night, I should have guessed this was coming, but it hadn't even crossed my mind. Within a few seconds, I was laughing too. She'd gone to all this, and soaked her office, just to get me back. I walked over to her and pushed her. "I'll get you back for that," I promised.

She just pulled me close and kissed my cheek, then suddenly she let me go. "You're wet," she laughed, gesturing to my tank top. It was soaked, and completely transparent. I cursed myself for wearing white.

"Come into the back room," she told me. I followed her, and she pulled out a pretty white blouse from a bag that must have contained a change of clothes for her. "It's mine, but it should fit you. Just change into this. Here, take this off," she said, plucking at the material clinging to my wet bra.

I waited for her to leave, but she perched herself on a pile of boxes. Without thinking, I just removed my top and went to quickly put hers on. Then I realised there was a problem. "My bra's wet too, this one will go see through too!" I moaned. 

Quick as a flash, Imogen removed her red blouse, which coincidentally matched my shoes. "Put this on instead, I'll wear the white one," she said. 

"There will still be wet patches on it! I can't believe you've done this, you're an idiot, Imogen!" I told her. She laughed and got up and walked over to me. She put her arms around me and unhooked my bra, then took it off. 

My round 36B breasts, glistening with wetness, fell free and the nipples instantly hardened from the relatively cold air hitting them. Imogen walked round me and locked the door of the little room we were in. She walked back to me and picked up my wet tank top. The back of it wasn't wet, so she picked it up and put her hand inside it and used the back to dab me dry. My nipples remained hard, or perhaps got even harder, and Imogen smiled. "You know, Maia," she said, "I'm starting to wonder if you're really cold or if you're just enjoying me standing here in my bra with my hands all over you."

I rolled my eyes, but when I looked back at Imogen, her large, pale breasts spilling out of a gorgeous red leopard print bra, I couldn't take it any longer. I grabbed the tank top from her and put it beside me, then took off her bra. Surprisingly, her nipples were also painfully erect. "I think you're enjoying it too," I teased. She pushed me against the wall and kissed me on the lips, not a soft peck as she usually did but a deep, hungry kiss full of torrid passion.

She then lowered her head to kiss one of my nipples, before swirling her warm tongue around it. I moaned softly and stroked her dark blonde hair. She began sucking on my nipple and using her fingers to tease and pinch the other one. My sighs of pleasure became louder and my breathing got faster. I'd fantasized about this so many times that it felt better than anything I'd ever experienced before. She kissed my nipple again, and made her way up with light kisses until she reached my neck. She kissed my neck, letting her tongue and lips roam from my collarbone up to my ear and back down. "Ohhh God..." I moaned, my knees weakening. She stepped back and I saw something in her eyes I'd never seen before. Pure, wild lust.

I pulled her close to me and kissed her again before making her stand against the wall. I fondled her large breasts and kissed the soft, silky skin before taking one of her pink nipples into my mouth and sucking on it. I bit gently on it and her cry of "oh fuck yeah.." told me she liked that. I bit her nipple again, slightly harder, then moved over to her other one. I did the same to that, sucking it tenderly before using my teeth. Her hips thrusted towards me, and I undid her belt and then her trousers. They fell to the floor, and so did I. I sank to my knees in front of her and teased her with my lips through her panties. I could feel and smell her wetness, but I wanted to tease her. I kissed where I knew her clit was and gently nibbled her. "Just eat me out, babe, I need you.." she whimpered. She couldn't wait any longer, and quite honestly, nor could I.

I lay down on the floor, and she instantly understood. She took off her shoes and stepped out of her panties and trousers. She stood completely naked above me. My eyes took in every inch of her gorgeous body, her large breasts hung down only slightly and her stomach and thighs were toned. She had to be the most gorgeous 39 year old in the world. She lowered herself and straddled my face, and, knowing she liked to play rough, I bit her on her beautiful pale thighs and slapped her ass before devouring her shaven, wet pussy. I sucked hard on the lips before licking her engorged clit furiously, making her buck and moan loudly. She started dripping her sweet juices onto my face, so I added three fingers, fucking her pussy with them while I licked her. She started screaming and writhing and I knew I'd brought her to orgasm. She got off me and lay next to me, kissing my neck as she cuddled into me. "My turn now," she purred.

I stood up and kicked off my shoes and took off my tight jeans, then my thong. I wasn't shaved like her but I was well trimmed, with a light coating of black hair across my mound. I hoped she didn't mind, but I needn't have worried. "Lie down," she told me. I lay on the floor again, and Imogen crawled towards me like a sexy kitten. Once her head was between my legs, she looked at me and gently flicked her tongue against my slit. I closed my eyes and gasped with pleasure. She then started licking me better than anyone ever had before, suckling and nibbling on my clit with just the right amount of pressure. I stroked her hair with one hand and sucked on two of my fingers on the other, which still tasted of her. She grazed her teeth across my labia, kissed my clit, for a while she even fucked me with her tongue, jabbing it into me, lapping up my wetness. 

"Fuck, Imogen.." I gasped loudly. "I'm gonna cum.. ohhh.." Imogen just slipped one finger inside me and instantly found my G-spot, which she then pleased with her finger while she carried on spitting, licking and sucking on my clit. I let out a primal scream and wrapped my legs tight around her head as the most powerful orgasm of my life hit me. She didn't flinch, just kept licking and fingering me, and another orgasm instantly washed over me. I'd never experienced a multiple orgasm before, and I began crying from the pleasure. She sucked hard on my pussy and let it go with an audible sound, then kissed it and crawled up on top of me. She held me tight, and started to kiss me slowly.

As she kissed me, she moved her body so that her pussy was grinding against mine. It was slow and sensual, and I instantly got aroused again and started to move with her. My clit was getting stimulated by the rubbing motion, and from her soft hums into my mouth I could tell hers was too. We both got very wet very quickly, and the warm liquid made the sensation even more amazing. She started grinding against me faster, and I thrusted gently but quickly up against her in response. I reached down and slapped her ass, and she bucked into me and moaned into my mouth before pushing her tongue right into my mouth so that we were kissing like wild, passionate sluts again. I slapped her again, and she pulled on my hair. We writhed around wildly on the floor, pulling, scratching and hitting each other. It would have been a full blown catfight had we not been naked, kissing and rubbing our wet pussies together. All the time I'd fantasised about her, I never once dared to think that she might like to play rough too. 

After a while we both came at the same time, hands entangled in each other's hair, mouths smashed together in a rough, passionate kiss. 

I let her hair go and ran my hands over her body. Her skin was smooth, and wet now from her sweat. I looked into her eyes and she kissed me again, gently this time, with no tongue, the way she did whenever she saw me.

We both got dressed, me into her red blouse and my jeans and shoes, and her into the white blouse that she'd originally offered me. Her vivid red patterned bra showed through the white silk, and her hair was ruffled. I'd never seen her look so fucking HOT. I kissed her again, more passionately this time, and she opened the door.

"Oh look," she said, "It's my lunch break. I have two hours, how about I give you a lift home, and I can have lunch with you? Then you can get changed and give me my blouse back!"

I agreed to cook Imogen lunch, and we went out to her car. I didn't end up cooking her anything, and she didn't get back to work for 2pm either - but that's another story!