 *If you are not 18 years old or older, please do not read this story. This story is for adult entertainment purposes only and by continuing to read this submission, you are agreeing that you are, at least, 18 years of age and are aware of your local governments laws regarding erotic and adult-oriented literature. 

**This story is copyrighted for Shayla_Star Productions©

Shayla entered the massage room to the sound of more Enya playing softly in the background. Carol was already preparing the massage table for her. She noticed that Carol was only wearing some cut-off leggins and her massage apron, instead of her normal white robe and slacks.

"Carol, what's up with the outfit? You're not in your normal gear?" Shalya asked.

"Well, since your my last client AND my good friend, I thought I'd be a little more casual. I'm more comfortable without all the clothes, and it helps me to perform better on my clients if I'm more comfortable. Why? Does it bother you to see me with hardly any clothes on?" Carol teased.

"No, no....I...uh...I was just wondering, that's all." Shayla hurried to change the subject. Seeing Carol's huge tits begging to be freed from behind the top of the apron was making Shayla extremely wet. She didn't want Carol to smell her juices pouring from her as she massaged her body. 

"Are you ready for me yet?" Shayla asked. 

"I'm always ready for you, baby!" Carol replied. She glanced over Shayla's body as she said that. She couldn't wait to get Shayla's robe off and see those luscious, milk-filled tits of hers. Her hands were just aching to get a hand-full of those tits in them. She wanted to knead them and squeeze them, pinching and tweaking the nipples. She knew it would get Shayla excited, but she didn't know how Shayla would react to that. Right about now, though, she didn't much care. She knew she was going to seduce Shayla, finally, after all these years. 

* * * * *

"Honey, what you're going to do is take your robe off and hang it up on the hanger on the door, okay? Then, put your shoes under the table, and get nice and cozy under the warm sheets. Now, normally, I leave the room for my clients, but since this is your first massage while being pregnant, I'm going to stay and help you get on the table, if that's all right with you. Okay?" Carol tried to sound as innocent as possible, but her intentions were far from that. Her pussy was so wet in anticipation of touching Shayla's body and feeling her tits as they fell on her arm while she held onto her, helping her onto the table.

Shayla was so glad that Carol decided to stay and help her. She wanted Carol to see her 'new' body and tits before she got under the sheets. She also knew that she was going to 'pretend' to need a lot of Carol's help in getting on the table so that her tits would brush up against Carol's somehow. She couldn't believe the thoughts she was thinking. 

"No, I don't mind at all, Carol. I'm glad you offered because I'm gonna definitely need your help getting on that table in this condition. Ha!" They both shared a laugh. 

Shayla turned her back to Carol and Carol pretended to be busy with something, but steadily kept her eyes on Shayla's movements. Shayla started to untie the belt on her robe, and then slowly slid it off her shoulders, then down her back and finally off her butt. Carol's eyes were glued at this point.

"Look at that sweet ass", Carol thought to herself. "I can't wait to get my hands in the crack of it, squeezing it and kneading it like I'm going to do to her tits."

Shayla hung the robe on the door hanger and then turned around with her head kind of looking down, as if she was embarrassed to be naked in front of her friend - the same friend she couldn't wait to have touch her tits. Carol's eyes almost popped out of her head when she saw Shayla's tits! They were even bigger than she had originally thought. They had to be, at least, a 40DD, like hers, Carol thought. Wow! Pregnancy did her body good! The nipples were hard, and Carol wasn't sure if it was because the pregnancy, the cold air, or even better, Shayla's arousal. Nonetheless, Carol was going to get her lips on those buds and suck with all her might, soon!

* * * * *

Carol walked over to Shayla and took her hand, guiding her over to the massage table. Shayla lifted her head as Carol approached and smiled a kind of seductive smile. She surprised herself by doing this, as it was a rather bold gesture. Once they got to the table, Carol pulled back the sheets and Shayla turned towards Carol in an effort to sit down on the table before lying down. 

Here they both were - face-to-face, tit-to-tit. Shayla was having a little trouble lifting her ass up high enough to sit on the table, so Carol put her hands on Shayla's waist to help her. In doing so, her face came right in front of Shayla's big 40DD's. Ooooooooooooooooooohhhh, the temptation to pull one of those huge nipples into her mouth was soooooooo tempting, but she resisted. Shayla, on the other hand, had intended to bend forward enough to make her tits jut out in Carol's face. She was hoping that this would cause Carol to take charge and just begin the whole seduction. She saw the look on Carol's face when her lips came face-to-face with Shayla's nipple. Her juices began to flow again, until she saw Carol stand back up after helping her sit on the table.

"Now lie down honey," Carol instructed. "I'm going to give you the massage of your life."

Shayla lay down and started to pull the sheets over her in disappointment after missing the opportunity to have Carol suck on her tit. But, Carol stopped her in the process.

"Shayla, if you don't mind, I want to leave the sheets down this time. I'll be honest, your pregnant body is sooo beautiful, and I'd love to be able to look at it while I'm massaging you, if you're comfortable with that," Carol pleaded. "If you're not, then I'll understand and we can pull the sheets up."

"You really find my body beautiful, Carol?" Shayla asked. "Shon thinks it's so hideous now. He never touches me anymore, and he thinks my tits are too big now. Do you think my tits are too big, Carol?" She was getting into this now, and she liked it!

"Honey, your tits are so beautiful and sexy. Can I be honest with you?" Carol asked.

"Yes, you're one of my closest friends, Carol, you know you can be honest with me," Shayla assured her.

"Well, instead of me telling you what I want to say, why don't I just show you? If at anytime you want me to stop what I'm doing, Shayla, just say so, okay?"

"Okay."

Carol got behind Shayla's head and began to massage her face, then her neck. She put some oil on her hands that became warmer once it touched Shayla's skin. Shayla felt wonderful, and she knew she was about to be seduced by her sexy friend. Carol continued on Shayla's neck, but quickly began to move her warm hands down to Shayla's aching tits. She began to make large circles around them, loosing her hands in the weight of Shayla's tits as she stroked the bottom part of the wondrous monsters. Shayla's nipples were so hard at this point, about an inch long and growing. This excited Carol to know her touch was doing this to Shayla, so much that her own 40DD's nipples were beginning to poke through the apron, begging for attention of their own. But, this was about Shayla she reminded herself.

Carol continued to make the large circles around Shayla's tits and slowly began to shorten the circles until her hands were completely wrapped around Shayla's huge, milk-filled tits. She heard Shayla moan in a way she had never heard her before. If Shon thought her tits were ugly, they must not have been touched by anyone but herself in a long time, Carol thought. She squeezed the huge tits in her hands, relishing the moment of finally having them in her palms; feeling the hard rosy buds of Shayla's nipples poke her hands. Her motions increased as Shayla's sighs increased, as well. Carol began to slide her hands from the base to the tips, now. She concentrated hard on the nipples, pulling them, pinching them and then just holding them for long periods before releasing them. This whole process went on for about 15 minutes. Each time Carol would pull on Shayla's nipples, she would twirl them in her fingers gently, rotating them back and forth, back and forth. She loved this to be done to her own tits, so she hoped Shayla was enjoying.

* * * * *

Shayla WAS enjoying every minute of it. Her tits hadn't been touched in soooooooooo long. And never by another woman. This was a whole, new feeling for her. To feel Carol's hands 'milking' her tits was exquisite, but it was making her so wet and horny. She wanted more. She needed more.

Carol continued the 'milking' of Shayla's tits. She would twist from the base all the way up to the hard, suck able nipple. She wanted to suck it so bad, but she didn't want to move too fast. She wanted to enjoy this moment that she had waited so long for, for a while longer. She began to milk only the nipples - up and down, up and down, up and down, with only her thumbs and forefingers. To her surprise, little spurts of milk began to spray out as she would do this. This surprised BOTH of them, as Shayla had not started to lactate very much, yet. 

"Oh, Carol! I'm so sorry! I didn't know that was going to happen"

"Please don't apologize, Shayla. I think it is soooooooooo sexy. Can I try some of the milk? I'm so curious as to what it tastes like," Carol asked.

"Oh, yes, Carol. Please suck on my nipples. You have gotten me so aroused and wet that my tits need to be sucked. They haven't been touched or sucked in a long time. Suck my tits, Carol. Please suck the milk from them like you are my baby!!!" Shayla was shocked at her desperation. But, she needed Carol to suck on her nipples. She loved tit play with Shon in the past, but since he no longer found her tits attractive, she didn't care who it was playing with them now. 

Carol couldn't wait to get her lips around those titty nipples. But, she had a little fantasy that she wanted to fulfill since she, now, had the opportunity.

"Shayla, I want to suck your nipples, badly, honey, but I have a little fantasy I want to fulfill, if you're game. You see, I always wanted to pretend I was a little baby being breastfed by a woman with huge tits and nipples. Let's move over to the couch over there and I want to put my head in your lap while you cradle my head and I suck your nipples like a baby. Will you do that for me, love?" Carol couldn't wait to hear the answer. She hoped Shayla would say "Yes".

"Oh, that sounds so kinky, Carol. I'm so hot right now I would do just about ANYTHING. Yes, I would love to fulfill your fantasy Carol because you are fulfilling mine right now. I've always wondered what being with another woman was like, and so far, I can't believe I've waited this long!" Shayla admitted. "Help me over to the couch and momma will feed the baby. Momma can see how hungry the little baby is for her huge titties and milk, isn't she?" Shayla was really getting into this role and she loved it. She couldn't wait to get Carol's lips on her nipples, sucking them into the back of her throat while Shayla masturbated herself to a powerful, long-awaited orgasm.

Carol hurriedly helped Shayla up from the table and over to the plush couch. She let Shayla sit down and get comfortable before she started to lay down in her lap, preparing for 'the feeding' of a lifetime. Shayla stopped her before she could lie down, though.

"Carol, before you lie down in momma's lap, take off your apron. Momma wants to see baby's big, huge titties, too. Momma wants to play with those big titties while she feeds the baby." Carol couldn't wait to have her tits free. Her long nipples were already at an inch and a half now, and they needed some attention, too. Once she got her share of Shayla's tits, she was going to switch roles and become 'momma' so Shayla could suck on her huge nipples like a baby, too. The thought almost made her come right there. She untied her apron and let it fall to the floor. Her firm globes bounced free. Even though they were a natural 40DD, they stood straight out and were perky. 

"Just the way Shon likes," thought Shayla. "I bet he'd love to get Carol in bed one day and suck on her tits. Fuck him! Still, they are gorgeous, and I can't wait to get my mouth on those mammoth titts!!!" she conceded. 

Carol rubbed her tits and the nipples, teasing Shayla with them by bending down and offering them to her lips, only to pull back before Shayla could get a good latch-on and suck! They were both enjoying this 'tit-for-tat' game. Carol stopped rubbing her tits and laid down in Shayla's lap, ready for her 'feeding'. This was a dream come true!

"MMmmmmmmmmmmmm, your nipples are so hard, momma. Baby can't wait to get them in my mouth and suck them like a newborn baby sucking the milk out. I can't wait to have the milk streaming into my mouth, onto the back of my throat. I'm going to try and suck your whole tit into my mouth momma. Would you like that? Would you like for baby to squeeze your titty while I'm sucking it into my mouth, huh, momma?" Carol was talking dirty and it was turning Shayla on. Shayla couldn’t' wait to get her hands on her hot pussy while Carol nursed on her nipple.

"Here, baby. Here's what you want and momma's got it for you. Here's momma's nice, big, wet nipple, just waiting for your soft lips to suck it and drink my milk. Suck momma's whole tittie into your mouth, baby, okay? Make momma's tits feel good and momma will cum for the baby; she'll cum good and hard if you suck it and bite it and swallow my whole tit like you can't get enough, okay? Here you are..." and Shayla pinched her nipple like a mother does for her newborn, offering it and feeding it into Carol's mouth.

Carol latched on for dear life, with Shayla's fingers still pinching the nipple for her, milking it into her mouth like she was a new born. She watched as Shayla threw her head back and moaned in response to getting her huge tits sucked on, finally. Carol was on cloud 9! She had her pregnant friends inch long nipple in her mouth, sucking on it and drinking her milk - what could possibly better then this? She soon found out - having her tits sucked at the same time!

* * * * * 

To be continued...Part III to cum very, very soon!