 When I first met Emma back in high school it was perfect, we didn't instantly cecum to each other's naked bodies but the attraction was there. I loved her amazing curves and well she often said if her and her long term boyfriend Gary broke up I would be the one she would come to for rebound sex, which Gary didn't mind I mean I think the main reason he stuck around for so long was because he expected to get a threesome outta the relationship. In our final year of high school Emma and Gary broke up, she caught him cheating on her with Slutterella, real name Ella Harrington she was heartbroken for weeks after. I was never expecting the rebound sex but when she pinned me down on her bed one night during a movie marathon sleep over I was a little shocked. It started off with her trying on new clothes she bought, changing in front of me, and then she started playfully touching me, brushing my hair out of my eyes or touching my knee. But when she pushed me down onto her bed to watch the movie then curled up next to me it got strange, she picked a movie with a lot of sex scenes and nudity I almost thought it was a porno but when she told me she found her brothers porn collection and put one on that's when I actually figured out she was trying to seduce me. Now I didn't voice this for a while, I sat and watched the college girls strip each other's clothes off and fuck their brains out first but when it was almost over I turned to her and asked

"So are you trying to turn me on?" which sure I had a million other things to say but I mean I was horny as fuck and that's all I could say. Well with one little giggle she threw herself on top of me ripped off my clothes and started touching and kissing and licking and caressing every inch of me.

I didn't fight it, in fact Emma almost changed her mind but I encouraged her saying it wouldn't wreck our friendship which seemed to cause her to let go completely.

After that everything changed we didn't get all weird around each other, in fact things got more intense we started sneaking off to make out in the bathrooms or under the stairs or touching each other at the back of the class rooms I think the thrill of being caught was driving it.

After a month of sneaking around both of us started to get a little bored with the sneaking around but when we both seemed to enjoy the touching in class thing, the idea came to Emma during math. 

It was a lazy day we were both just sitting there not paying attention to the teacher when Emma slowly started rubbing my knee then slowly around the inside of my thigh and up to my wet underwear, it seemed just the slightest touch from her turned me on these days. Moving my hips towards her I waited to see what she was up to, and then she slid me a note.

If I can make you cum without getting caught you owe me lunch 

I smiled at the note, my heart started pounding at the thought of the teacher or anyone in the room seeing this and I was a moaner, Emma always teased me that I couldn't keep my mouth shut when we were together. I moved the chair closer and opened myself up to her and slowly she teased me gently skimming me with her fingers and pulling at the elastic of my underwear and snapping at back against my skin, it heightened the excitement I had to bite down on my bottom lip to stop myself from letting out a little gasp. When she was satisfied with how wet and horny I was she put her fingers in her mouth sucked on them then slid them back into my underwear, opening up the lips of my vagina she caressed my clit, the gentle brush send shock through my body and I had to fight not to lose control. Gripping onto the desk my knees widened giving her more room to move. With one finger against my clit her hand moved faster rubbing in circles and up and down, she really was good at this, she always said she had amazing practice on herself. With three fingers she started applying pressure and an amazing wave of pleasure pulsed through my blood I had to squeeze my teeth together to make sure the moan I felt in the back of my throat wouldn't escape my lips, but I knew that's what Emma wanted but I wouldn't let her have it. I was in a state of please, the orgasm stopped building but the pleasure never died my eyes were in the back of my head my breathing was uneven and short I could feel my body sweating it was amazing. After 10 minutes of pleasure Emma did something with her fingers that caused the burning pleasure start to grow again but this time I couldn't hold back. The deep moan came from my throat loud enough for the room to hear, opening my eyes I scanned the room to see if anyone was looking.

"Miss Peterson, what's going on at the back?" asked the teacher, he had stopped writing out the answers on the board and was watching me and so were a few others in the room. 

"Nothing sir the lights are giving me a head ach" I replied, my voice shaky. 

I watched as he went to the wall and turned the light off above me, his eyed flicked to Emma's hand between my legs and I thought he may have seen something, but nothing changed on his face and he went back to writing up the answers. Emma laughed to herself but didn't remove her hand at all, in fact the close call seemed to egg her on she moved closer to me and ran her fingers down and thrust them into me. Her thumb on my clit she quickly brought me to orgasm, just as the bell rang for the end of the lesson; I let the noise mask the long moan I needed to get out. For a second I thought she wasn't going to stop, everyone in the room was packing up to leave and I knew we would be seen if she didn't pull out but before I could force her hand away she moved it herself grabbed her stuff and left, but not before putting her fingers in her mouth and sucking them again. She flashed me a flirty smile which was so damn sexy I felt my entire body beg to grab her hold her down and have my way with her. Getting up I slowly walked to the door, but not before looking at Mr Fredrick before I left and he was watching me too, his eyes burning into me with a look saying I know what you just did and it scared me. I held his gaze for a few seconds, the heat burning in my cheeks became too much for me so I had to run from the room. I was running to my next class when Emma pulled me under the stair case leading to the art rooms, she didn't say anything but she pushed me against the wall lifted my leg and pressed her face into my cum covered vagina, with her tongue she cleaned me up kissed the lips then put my underwear back. 

"God you taste good" she whispered in her seductive tone I felt my body shiver.

"Mmm" I leaned forward and licked her lips; they parted and pressed her tongue against mine. "I do taste good" we both giggled, out lips brushing together.

"We should do that again" I said, turned on by the idea of having my way with Emma in the dark room during her photography class.

"I was just thinking the same thing" 

That's when Emma came up with the idea, challenging each other with one rule don't get caught.