 Savi closes the door behind her and leans against it. She closes her eyes and rubs the pad of her finger against her lips. She shivers as she remembers the feeling of Mel pressed against her. The memory brings a response from her body and before she can stop it, she's lost in the tingles. Standing against the drafty door she can feel the heat from between her legs spreading all over her body. Her nipples are so hard they ache, and since all the blood in her body has gone elsewhere, her fingertips are cold against her cheek. There is but one thought on her mind as she turns the lock and puts away her coat: I have to take care of this or I'll drown myself.

Less than an half an hour later, Savi lies panting and tangled in her sheets. Her thoughts focus on the sexy woman that has stolen her heart and given her a clawing need for touch. She imagines placing Mel's head on a pillow softly and kissing her. Her own hand continues to rub small circles around the most sensitive part of herself as she imagines what it would feel like to press herself against Mel. She gasps as she sees, in her mind's eye, Mel's head thrown back and her back arched. She can almost feel the blood rushing through her own veins as she imagines what it feels like to bury her fingers inside the woman. As if guided by some imaginary force, her fingers dive in and out of her own body as if she were making love to Mel.

When the climax hits her, all images cease. Her body arches off the bed and she has to bite her lip to stop the scream. Her toes curl into the sheets and she presses one cheek against the pillow. When the orgasm subsides, she's left with the cold air of her room, and the heat of her own body.

Savi rolls over with a sigh and wishes Mel a good night. The clock reads 11:15.

Her dreams are sweet tonight, coming softly to her mind and making her smile. Everything in them has a green-eyed glow.

~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~

Mel closes the door and curses the mailperson for not being more careful with her mail. She tosses the muddy mess on the table by the door and decides she's going to deal with it tomorrow.

She peels off her jacket and hangs it up, along with her bag. She shuffles to the kitchen for a glass of water and takes a seat on the couch. The silence of her apartment is comforting at times, but right now, she's wishing Savi was there. She thinks about all the things she wishes she could tell her and all the scenarios that she wishes had played out tonight. She sighs and shakes her head, "Forget it Mel, you had a good night and a great kiss. Don't ruin it by wishing for what might have been."

She turns off every light except the one in her bedroom and gets dressed for bed. As she's brushing her teeth, she feels a strange stirring inside of her. "What's going on?" The feeling abates and she forgets it ever happened.

She settles herself in bed and turns off the light. The clock reads 10:46. Her eyes drift closed and sleep comes quickly.

She awakes slowly, her body burning up and her voice escaping her without reserve. Her breathing is raspy and there's an unfamiliar pressure between her legs. When she realizes it's not her own hand, her eyes open wide. Savi? Oh God, that feels good! Her hips thrust against the unseen force and she feels herself shudder. She plants her feet on the bed and grinds against the imaginary force. Beads of sweat are forming on her skin and she closes her eyes. She's always learned quickly. This situation is no different. More, Savi. Deeper. Please.

"Oh, oh God, yes!" Mel gives herself to the feelings coursing through her body. Her nipples are so hard she feels like they might never stop hurting. Her skin is on fire. She can't focus her eyes and she's begging Savi to finish with her. She arches and thrashes and feels her body release with Savi's. The groan that escapes her lips is nothing short of primal.

Her breathing returns to normal as her body recovers from the intensity of what just happened. She reaches up and brushes her damp hair from her face. "Wow. If it's like that with her mind, I can't wait to get her in here for real!"

Mel rolls over onto her stomach and settles herself again. Just before she closes her eyes for the final time tonight, the clock reads 11:15.