 We kept our panties on, not for long though.

Other than the, what I am told, are quite usual schoolgirl crushes on teachers and older girls at school I had absolutely no conscious sexual feelings towards other females until late into my teens. Obviously, I was aware of lesbianism and had heard vague comments about bi-sexuality but they did not occupy my mind or the conversations of the friends I had at that time. Boys and 'doing it' were far more interesting. 

It may not seem it now, but I was a well brought up girl stuffed full of 'proper' values and conditioned to behave well and do as I was told. I was not terribly promiscuous during my teens and I whizzed through them with nothing more than the loss of my cherry and a few male partners before moving into my more turbulent twenties when my sexuality became more focused.

I was at university when I first came into contact with women who preferred women and that was both lecturers and some of the other girls. Again, although, I felt no attraction to them and no real interest for, among other things, most were so ugly and very manly. The cropped hair and dungarees look has never appealed to me and I find nothing whatsoever attractive in unshaved armpits!

I was in with a fair sized group of both genders and although there was some sex going on between a few of them it was far less than I had imagined and what I guess is prevalent nowadays. I became quite close friends with three other girls, Annie, Susie and Clara. We became a sort of team working together very often and spending much of our spare time in each other's company. 

It was near to end of term and we had finished the exams and were sort of binging out a bit as the rest of our group gradually drifted off home for the holidays. The four of us had stayed on longer to attend a party and we had been drinking far too much for several nights in a row. We were in Clara's flat, she was rich, lying around watching TV and drinking wine when Susie, the most flamboyant of us came out with.

"God I feel so fucking horny I could fuck anyone right now." 

That was how she talked most of the time and we paid little attention to her swearing. 

Surprisingly for her, Anne also chimed in that she felt the same way and felt that she was missing out on life being at uni for her friends at home who had got jobs seemed to be having so much more fun than we were.

We were now all a little drunk and a couple of the girls started dancing to the music that was always playing and someone said something about not needing men meaning, of course, for dancing, but we all joined in slagging off the other sex. All of us started dancing and generally having a good time just as we had so many times before, but this time something changed. What it was I have no idea, but somehow when the fast music changed to a slower number we were dancing as two couples and then the four of us joined together our arms around each other's shoulders. We moved around in a circle now and then all shuffling towards the middle so that our bodies touched. Still I had no sexual thoughts or any hint of arousal but, as I learned later, Clara and Susie did.

It was Susie who out of the blue suggested that we should play strippers.

Her idea, which I guess was cunning really, was that we should each in turn do a striptease to the music. Daft and slightly unbelievable I know, but then we were only nineteen and twenty and a little high on hash and booze..

Clara, who was the beauty amongst us with a figure, bum, boobs and legs to die for, started and we sat around clapping as she slipped her tee shirt off and wiggled out of her jeans. Susie, an around big girl, but with everything in proportion, went next and she was also quickly down to her bra and pants then I did my bit and then slim, svelte Annie peeled her tee shirt and vee-knecked sweater off, she had not as usual bothered with a bra. So there we were four quite attractive girls sitting in a flat in our underwear. We drank more booze, mainly vodka and we smoked some weed, as we called it then, so that we were all now quite high. Hence, when Susie said.

"Seems daft to stop here girls, after all strippers don't do they?" 

One of us asked how far she thought we should go and she got up and, to a heavy beat number. Slithered out of her bra and wiggled her knickers seductively and slowly, just like a stripper, down her legs. Beaming at us she said.

"How about this for starters?"

She had big tits, but then she was big all over. I looked at her breasts and compared them to mine for I too am, as they say, well-endowed. Hers sagged far more than mine and, along with her tummy, thighs and bum wobbled as she moved.

I have always had big tits. But then, I have always also had black hair and worn glasses. My mum bought my first bra when I was eleven. I was so proud at being the first girl in my year at school to wear one, although I had been a bit 'top dog' for some time because of the big tits.

As I limped through puberty they kept growing and my baby fat melted away. That just made them look bigger and I moved into a phase of my life when I was ashamed of the bloody great things hanging down from my chest. I could not do sports and running was a nightmare. The stares and leers of boys and men got to me and I had a fairly miserable time as a teenager.

Over the years, as they have grown to their double D current size, I have got used to having them. I have become accustomed to men saying hello to them, to them being stared at and ogled, to being careful not to move too fast, to buying expensive bras, to wearing loose clothes and not low cut tops. 

Looking back, I suppose it was only a bit of fun, a part of growing up and testing our sexuality. Nothing more, I thought, and soon all of us had done our thing and we were all naked. Clara was standing up with the rest of us sitting when she began dancing again, well more like gyrating on the spot, and said.

"This is what real strippers do." 

Her hands started gliding up and down her body and she cupped her pert, yet full breasts and began playing with them as she accompanied that with some low moans from her mouth. 

"God C don't forget how horny I am," Susie chimed in.

Clara replied. "So what the hell do you think I am?" 

Susie stood up and also began dancing and touching herself and Anne joined her so I did as well. We gravitated into a circle again each of us cupping our breasts until Susie said. 

"This is too much, my body is going fucking crazy." 

Then somehow she and Clara were in each other's arms and they kissed. 

The atmosphere got to me, it hit me right between my legs and in both breasts and nipples at the same time. It aroused me. Thus, when the others pulled me up I did not resist. The four of us all kissed each other. Not really that deeply at first and there was little roaming of hands. We fell onto the double bed and I found myself in Annie's arms kissing her. She touched my breasts saying.

"You don't mind do you Tina?" 

To be truthful I didn't mind, but I said nothing as I heard her adding.

"'cos you do have fabulous tits love, not like my pimples."

I was, of course aware that I had big tits, but then I had always had them and was used to them. It was nice though to have someone tell me that, even if it was a girl

Anyway it went on like that for some before we all fell asleep from too much drink and dope.

So that was my first experience. Nothing very deep and nothing that intimate, just girls messing around. Or so I thought!

Nothing was said about it the next morning and we went off on the summer vacation. I thought it had been a one off for nothing was said when we returned in late September. However, it happened again a week or so after we started back and this time there was a lot more caressing and breast touching. It became a regular, probably weekly event for a month or so. The first few times we accompanied it with loads of booze and smoking and made excuses, or reasons I guess, for deciding to strip off, but each time we ended up kissing and touching each other. Still not that deep or heavy and so far, not an orgasm in sight.

Annie suddenly decided that she no longer wanted to be at university and she left leaving Susie, Clara and me. They were both a year older than me and far more experienced sexually. They also had much more outgoing personalities and so I sort of followed their lead. After Annie left we stopped doing it for a while not by saying anything, but just by it of fizzling out.

During ther Christmas vac,hisClara and I were invited by a guy on our psychology course to a wedding in Edinburgh in Scotland. It was a posh do so we both bought nice dresses, something neither of us possessed. We were staying in a small flat owned by the groom's family and we decided to have a short holiday before the wedding. During that, w got to know a few of the groom's friends and became quite friendly with two of them not, I hasten to add to the extent of having sex with them. Well not quite!

It was a really lovely wedding and after the reception finished, oddly around eight pm, we had a drink in the bar with the two guys we had befriended and then they took us to the flat. We asked them in and, of course we started kissing. There was more drink and I was lying on the settee with my one and the lovely Clara was sitting on the lap of the other. The lights were very dim so we did not know what the others were doing; that was quite erotic.

Ian, the guy I was with, was now fairly drunk and was quite noticeably slurring his words, but nevertheless was still doing a good job of kissing and caressing me. Suddenly, though, there was a bit of a commotion and Clara's guy went to the toilet. The sounds told their own story. He was being sick. I carried on with Ian for a while as Clara tended to her bloke. My dress was undone to beneath my boobs and he had pushed my skirt up so that it was bunched around my waist.

Clara came in and said that her guy was going and Ian, the sod, said that he would make sure he got home ok. Then they were gone.

I sat there extremely frustrated my dress still undone as Clara returned to the room. Her dress was also unzipped at the back and she was holding it together. I saw that her bra was on the floor.

We looked at each other and she said.

"Bastards aren't they men. Just when you need them this happens." She went to get her bra letting go of the dress as she did. It fell away from her revealing her lovely breasts that I had seen so many times. She sat beside me. "Were things going well Tina, with Ian?" she asked rather pointedly looking at my unbuttoned dress. 

"What do you think?" I replied going to start doing the buttons up. 

Very huskily as she put her hand on mine she replied.

"I think that you should leave those buttons undone Tina. We both have some unfinished business don't we?"

Suddenly, I felt scared. Of course, all the other times we had touched and kissed flooded into my mind, but they had been different. This seemed very grown up, big girls stuff and I was not sure that I was ready for it. But I couldn't resist her. I was aroused from what Ian and I had been doing and now what she seemed to be and proposing. Time seemed to stand still for a while. She said and did nothing, but simply sat there her breasts naked so close to me, her hand holding my wrist. Then slowly, gently she started pulling my hand as she whispered, 

"Colin was just doing this when he got sick," as she pressed my hand against her breast. "They're not that bad are they Tina?" she added with small laugh in her voice

My heart was now really pounding, I was hellishly nervous. The lack of the other girls changed this from messing around to a total act of lesbianism, my juvenile mind reconciled. She repeated the question as she pressed my hand more firmly against her deliciously soft boob. 

"They're not are they Tina, you like my breasts even if they made Colin sick don't you?" she went on with a giggle.

This was an overt, very obvious and totally clear seduction I realised. An invitation to join her in sex. Not the fumblings of the four of us where the numbers afforded a degree of isolation from the enormity of the act and the, dubious maybe, justification to each of us that we were just having fun. No, I felt then with just Clara and me that I was being asked to go to the next stage, to where I had never been before. I was being invited, gently yet persuasively, to take a step I had never thought I would take, to move into an area of sexuality that I had not imagined would ever be for me; having full sex with another girl. As those thoughts roared round my mind, I was thinking of the other three girls and Clara was the last one I would have selected to be bi.

Confused and concerned I sat there for what seemed like ages as she moved my fingers on her breast. As she did this, the thoughts about the other girls were conditioning my brain, but I suddenly acknowledged with a huge jolt, that the feelings in my fingers from the soft flesh were conditioning my body.

I looked at her and, as you see in the movies, her face started moving so slowly towards mine. This was it, I knew for sure. Open my lips or move mine towards her and she would kiss me and I would be gone, I knew that. Move my head and we could shrug this off as just a drunken mistake and no face would be lost. I took the coward's way I suppose and did nothing putting the ball firmly back in her court.

Then, of course, she did kiss me. And kiss me and kiss me and kiss me. She licked all over my face and planted little kisses everywhere. As she did that, her hands caressed my breasts easing each in turn out from the bra. I was gone. I was hers. Hers to take to that next step, hers to take on journey of discovery. But it was not really against my will. I was not an unwilling companion on that journey. I wanted it and the more she kissed and stroked me so the greater that want became.

We went to the bedroom removing our dresses as we got there and laid on the bed, me in bra and panties, Susie in just her knickers. We cuddled and continued kissing and caressing each other. The more it went on the greater was my involvement and the easier I found it to touch her. I recognized this and that the sheer sexual power of my feelings outweighed, by far, any other considerations. I gave in completely to my feelings putting any considerations other than sexual pleasure completely out of my mind. I entered a new compartment in my life.

My bra came off and Susie murmured just as men do. "God you have gorgeous breasts Tina." 

We rubbed, caressed, stroked and cupped and then later, kissed the other's breasts with me participating to at least an equal level as her. We fumbled our hands between each other's legs and we managed a mutual climax. It was the most powerful one I had ever had and I was amazed.

We talked for a while Susie telling me that even before the episodes with the girls at college she had feelings for females and had messed around a few times. Naturally, this chat moved onto my feelings that I had extreme difficulty putting into words but she helped. I was very naïve, well certainly compared to now, and had little idea of the broader aspects of sex and sexuality. I, naturally, I suppose associated sex with a girl as being lesbian and this worried me but she, to an extent, put my mind at rest by sort of summing it all up by saying.

"Don't get it wrong Tina, I love a cock as much as the next woman, it's just that I like tits and pussies as well."

Those words not only, to some level, explained the situation to me but also brought the mood back to sex. 

We took our panties off and made love again. Once more, it was only with our hands between the others legs although of course we fed our mouths greedily on the other's tits. How many times we made love I can't recall, but it didn't include either of us going down, or even trying to on the other.

Nothing more happened that night. I suppose neither of us were really experienced enough with men to have fully explored oral sex with them and possibly, therefore, that was a bridge that was a little too far for us to approach, let alone cross, at that stage of our sexual educations.