 My name is Carol. I am a police officer for Killeen, TX. There was a fatal shooting in my precinct and I was given the task of interviewing the neighbors. 

I was not happy about this, I was not in the mood to play door to door salesmen. I had not been with a woman for quite some time and the heat matched my horniness. No matter my personal problems, being a cop was what I did and loved. 

Door to door I went selling my sale of, we need to stand together to catch the bad guys, and door to door I got, “I didn’t see anything“. 

I had one house left to go on the corner but I knew I would never make it back in time to do my paperwork if I went there. I work nights, second shift, so I get off at midnight. 

It just so happens that I pass that house on my way home and I saw the lights on. I thought, what the hell, might as well get it over with, off duty or not, I am still a cop. 

I knocked on the door and at first didn’t think anyone was going to answer, as I turned to walk away this cute little brunette opened the door. 

“May I help you officer”? 

I didn’t know what to say for a moment looking into her blue eyes, I was startled at the fact that I was really turned on by this woman. 

“Yes, I’m sorry to have bothered you so late in the evening but I am investigating the shooting from two nights ago and I was wondering if I could ask you some questions about that night”? 

She seemed a little nervous and too wide-awake when she told me she was too tired and could I come back tomorrow? 

I said, “it will only take a few minutes and you’re my last house, I’m sure you will give me the same answer as everyone else”. 

With that, she invited me into her house. 

I immediately smelled the aroma of marijuana and then knew the reason for her nervousness. I didn’t say anything and took out my pad and pen. 

“May I have your name please”? 

She seemed to relax a bit as she offered me a seat and said, “Liana Smith” 

I sat down and she sat down directly across from me. She was wearing blue silk shorts and a white tank top. I was trying very hard to conduct a professional interview but I couldn’t help but notice that she didn’t have a bra on. Obviously she spent too much time hiding her marijuana habit and didn’t have time to hide herself. 

I knew I had let too much time pass since she answered who she was, but I couldn’t help it, she was turning me on and I was at a loss for words, and I was after all, technically off duty. 

“Do you live here alone Ms. Smith, or is it Mrs. Smith”? 

“It’s Ms. Smith, and yes, I live here alone”. 

“Okay Ms. Smith, did you hear gunshots two nights ago”? 

“No, I didn’t hear anything, I’m sorry”. 

“Was there anyone else here with you on the night in question”? 

“No”. 

“Do you have a boyfriend Ms. Smith”? 

“What does that have to do with anything”? 

That was the turning point in my so called interview of Ms. Smith. The fact that she had the nerve to question me turned me on in a way I have never been turned on before. I mean, I knew I was already turned on by her, but her questioning my authority brought out a side in me I never knew existed. 

I stood up and said, “stand up, and turn around”. 

I could tell she was startled but she did as she was told. 

“Walk slowly to the wall, put your hands on it, pull yourself away from it and spread your legs”. 

“Why are you doing this to me? I didn’t do anything”. 

“Do it, do it now, and do not question me again”. 

She goes to the wall and does as she is told. I come up behind her standing closer to her then I should, but I can’t help it, I am lost in wanting her. I grab her arms and bring them behind her and put the handcuffs on. She is leaning against the wall her face into it, I lean into her, my pussy touching her ass. 

“I am going to check you for weapons, do not say anything, and just so you know, I smelled what you were smoking when I walked in, and it sure the hell wasn’t cigarettes”. 

This was not like me but I wanted this woman, I wanted her real bad. With my pussy against her ass my weapons inspection began. I started at her shoulders, nothing there, so I moved my hands to her breast, I felt something hard there, of course I had to squeeze them a little, rub them a little, just to make sure they weren’t bullets. 

I wasn’t sure but I thought Ms. Smith arched her back just a little towards my hands. Then I searched down her stomach slowly, over to her hips, up her ribs and back down again. 

She said, “Why are you doing this to me”? 

“Because I want to, and I can”. 

I moved my hands from her hips and checked the outside of her legs all the way down to her feet. I went inside her legs, starting from her inner ankles I worked my way up until I got to her pussy. 

“You know I have to check there don’t you”? 

“Yes, I mean no, I haven’t done anything wrong”. 

I leaned my body fully into hers, “oh and you think smoking marijuana isn’t wrong?” 

I slipped my hand between her legs, checking her clit, rubbing it, again I felt a slight movement from her. I traced my hand back over her hole, where I could feel wetness. 

“Hmmmm what do we have here”? 

“You’re the cop, you figure it out”. 

This little outburst turns me on even more and I grab her by the hair and turn her around and slam her against the wall. I try to kiss her but she won’t let me, I pull hard on her hair and move to her neck, I bite it and suck it. She screamed so loud that it actually scared me for a minute. I pulled out my gun and put it to her head. 

“Shut the fuck up or I will shoot you”. 

“You’re not going to shoot me you’re a cop”. 

“Yeah you’re right, but you want to know something? This cop has an unregistered gun in her car that she can put in your hand, now, are you going to shut the fuck up”? 

She didn’t say anything, but she didn’t scream anymore either. 

“I’m going to search your room for what I smelled when I first walked in here, take me to your bedroom, now”. 

I could tell this startled her, she was not sure if I was going to bust her or if I was up to something. 

“Sit down on the bed and don’t move”. 

It didn’t take me too long to find her stash since she was in a hurry to put it away. 

“Do you know how much trouble this bag can get you in”? 

“No, I don’t know”. 

I grabbed the rope I noticed she had tied to her bed and said, “well, you can either let me do as I please with you, or I can take you to jail right now”. 

“Why are you doing this to me”? 

“I am doing this because you turn me on and I want you”. 

“Fuck this, you are trying to rape me and you are using your authority to do it”. 

I leaned down and took her face into my hands, “you were wet, I felt it and you felt it, I don’t know why you are fighting it, I think you want me just as much as I want you”. 

I kissed her lips softly, she tried to pull away but I wouldn’t let her. I nibbled on her lips and licked them lightly. 

“Lay down on the bed on your stomach, or I am taking you to jail, it is your choice”. 

For a minute I thought she was going to pick jail, but she did as she was told. I took off her shorts, she didn’t have any panties on, and then I bent down and bit her ass. I tied her legs up with the ropes she had there. 

“So Ms. Smith, do you like to be tied up or do you like to tie up your lovers”? 

“I don’t think that’s any of your business”. 

With that comment I reached up and slapped her ass. I wasn’t sure if she said ouch or ahhh, my thought was ahhh cause it wasn’t that loud and she didn’t want me to know if she in fact liked this. 

I uncuffed her, took off her shirt and tied her hands with the other ropes. I took off my gun belt, but that was all. For some reason I wanted to fuck her with my uniform on. 

I pushed my pussy into her ass as I was sucking and biting on the back of her neck and shoulders. I kissed and licked her ears, nibbled on her jaw line. I took her chin in my hand and pulled her face up towards me, I kissed her lips, sucked on them. I kissed her and she finally kissed me back. I kissed her harder and a moan escaped her lips. I pulled her hair, sucked on the back of her neck. I sucked, kissed and bit on her back all the way down to her ass cheeks. 

I slapped her ass again and this time I heard for sure that is was an ahhh. I slapped it again, then I kissed it, licked her ass cheeks, bit them. I slid my hand between her legs and felt her wetness, she was soaked. I started rubbing her clit and she started moving her hips up and down. I licked her puckered ass as I was rubbing her clit, I could hear her moaning. She started moving her hips faster so I rubbed harder and licked her ass harder. She came, but I kept going, I wanted her to cum again. I stuck my tongue inside her pussy as far as it would go and she came again. 

My face was soaked with her sweet juices. I laid on top of her and kissed her again hard, I was rubbing my pussy into her ass so hard that I thought I was going to cum. 

“I am going to fuck you now Ms. Smith, I am going to fuck you real good”. 

“Yes, please fuck me”. 

I got on my knees behind her and put a finger inside her pussy, moving it around inside of her slowly, then I put another one inside her, I pumped her hard and when her body was shaking from her orgasms I slid a finger in her ass, she moaned and her body shook so hard that it made her moans quiver. I kept thrusting into her, two fingers in her pussy and one in her ass, she came until her body went limp and was soaked from sweat. 

I laid on top of her and rubbed my pussy on her ass until I came. I came hard my body shaking against hers, I bit her shoulder and she let out a little scream. I came on her ass like that until I couldn’t cum anymore, and my uniform was soaked with sweat. I untied her, and took her into my arms, which to my delight she let me do. I kissed her softly, held her softly. 

We were both exhausted and once again to my delight she said, “why don’t you get out of that uniform and spend the night” 

We have been together every since and every once in a while I search her for weapons.