 "So how many guys have you fucked?" Dee asked Connie.

I was a little surprised at the question, but not very much. When teenage girls get together they are bound to talk about boys. And when the girls are the three of us, it's likely to get personal.

Dee, Connie, and myself (Allison) were at Dee's house. We were making use of her swimming pool and our new bikinis. Not swimming much. Mostly standing in the shallow end, staying wet and talking. Our Senior year was done. High school was over. Nothing to do now but wait for college to start, where we could really start having fun. School had been over for a couple weeks, but this was the first time we had really gotten together since then. It was early summer, late afternoon, and three 18 year old girls with nothing to do but relax, swim, and talk about sex.

Connie wasn't shocked by the question. She was silently counting. Counting for quite a while, making a show of it. Finally she looked at us and smiled. "Three."

"Three?" Dee asked. "Why did you take so much time to count?"

"Just messing with you," Connie laughed. "You know about two of them. Then there was also Craig."

"Craig?" I asked. "You mean Craig Lewis? No, not Craig Lewis." He was a strange little kid that we put up with, but had few friends.

"Yeah," she said. "Not long ago, either. Hey, I was horny, he was there. I felt sorry for him.... Did I mention I was horny?"

"Oh, Connie.' Dee sounded disappointed. "With a body like yours you can get lots of guys. Certainly better than Craig."

"You should talk," Connie countered. "You have a great body. Especially your tits. Any guy would give his left nut to fuck you!"

We laughed at her description, but knew it was true. Well, maybe not a nut, but it was almost true. Dee had really big breasts, and had since eighth grade. Boys were often all over her, paying her lots of attention, trying to get laid or at least fantasizing about it.

Dee laughed. "Guys will fuck anything. At least any of us. Just look at Allison. She is such a baby doll. We all have things guys want. We just should have made more use of our opportunities."

We laughed, because we often confessed to how horny we were at times. But we were 'good girls.' Well, mostly.

Dee said I was a baby doll because I looked so young. I was short, thin, and had a baby face. It seemed I attracted the attention of lots of older men, who liked the idea of seducing a young, innocent girl. But guys my age - well, a lot of them seemed to want an older girl. or one that had bigger boobs. Mine were not nearly as big as Dee's. Or Connie's, for that matter.

"When I get to college, I'm going to be a slut," Connie laughed. "I'll let lots of guys use my body any way they want."

"Ooooh. That sounds so naughty," said Dee. "You're getting me hot. Let's get some guys over here and go topless. Drive 'em crazy."

"Oh, yeah," I chimed in, laughing. Then a little more serious I asked, "Would you really go topless?"

"Oh, yeah." Dee answered. "I'm horny and ready to fuck. I'll show these puppies to anyone if it'll help."

We all laughed at her language and her thoughts. Still, I was curious. "Really?" I asked.

Dee reached up and slipped her top off, to our surprise. We gasped, then applauded. 

"Holy shit, Dee! I can't believe you did that." I said.

Connie stared with an open mouth. "Those are gorgeous. So big."

Dee smiled, enjoying the attention. Then to Connie she said, "Yours aren't that much smaller than mine, you know."

Connie laughed. "No, they're not nearly as nice as yours."

"Let's see!" I nearly squealed, excitedly. We had been having too much fun, and I sounded like it.

Connie blushed and hesitated, but we clamored at her until she reached behind her and undid her top. I watched as it slid off, exposing her breasts for us.

"Ohh, nice!" I said. They were well-shaped, with huge areolas and large nipples. Connie seemed to fight with herself to keep her arms from covering them up.

"They are great," Dee said. 

"Not nearly as big as yours," she answered.

"Almost," Dee shot back. "And your nipples are humungous!"

We all laughed at that, still staring at Connie's boobs. I didn't notice when they began looking at me, then staring. I finally saw them.

"What?" I asked.

"You are overdressed, young lady!" Connie joked.

"Off with it!" Dee added.

I was surprised. Shocked even. I hadn't even thought of me taking my top off when Dee did it, or even when Connie did it. As I began to think of a response, I realized that there wasn't a good reason why I shouldn't. They were topless, and there was no one else there.

"Mine are so small compared to you two. Who would want to see them?" I was trying to ward off their interest, but knew it was in vain. They started cheering me on and so I began to remove it. Truthfully, I noticed a little chill up my spine. I was getting excited at the idea of exposing myself, even if it was just among us friends.

As my top dropped off my chest, both girls cheered, and I noticed little gasps as well.

"Fuck, Allison, you're awesome!" Dee exclaimed.

"What?" I was shocked at her comment. I wasn't half as big as she was, and she was calling me awesome? 

"Geez, Allie," Connie added. "How do you do that?"

I must have looked totally confused, because I was. What were they talking about? I started getting self-concious as I looked at them questioningly. Dee finally gave me an idea of what they meant.

"They are so firm. They stick straight out. No sag at all," she said.

I laughed nervously. "That's because they are so small." I countered.

"No, they're not," said Connie. "They aren't THAT small. What are they? B cups? If they were tiny titties they could stay that high on your chest, but you seem to defy gravity."

"They look fake!" Dee blurted out. Then she laughed at my expression and added, "I know they're not, sweetie, but that's how they look."

"Are they real?" Connie asked.

"YES!" I exclaimed. "Of course they are!"

"Okay, okay, I know," Connie laughed. "But how do they stand out like that?"

"I don't know." I was a little embarrassed. Always had been. My breasts had always stuck straight out from my chest. I almost felt like it was a physical defect. I loved them when I was dressed. I had terrific cleavage for such small breasts, with definite space between them. But I was always shy - and careful - in the showers. Now, with my friends showing such interest and obvious approval of them, I began to feel just a little proud.

"Oh, my God, I am so jealous," exclaimed Dee. "I've seen boys staring at your chest. Imagine what they would say if they knew they looked like this."

Connie asked, "How many boys have seen these, hmmm? I mean naked. I'll bet they loved them."

That question embarrassed me a bit, and the answer surprised even me. I couldn't think of anybody.

"None," I answered honestly. 

"WHAT?" They both nearly shouted.

"I know you're not a virgin," Connie said. "So that's at least Bobby."

"And you and Danny were going wild in the back seat that night," Dee said. 

That was certainly true. We both had cum while Dee and Sean were right there in the front seat. But still...

"Really," I responded. "All that stuff was in the dark. I don't think any boy has actually seen them."

"And these little nipples siting right on top of them. Oh, shit," Dee said as she placed a finger on the tip of my nipple.

"Oh, shit," was what I was thinking, too, as an electric shock raced through me from head to toe. Dee pressed on my nipple, pushing it into my breast, and my knees went weak. I hardly had time to wonder why she was actually touching me because I was dealing with the sensations she was giving me.

"Dee!" I said, but even to my ears it sounded more like a moan than like the warning I had meant it to be. Perhaps she thought it was a moan as well, because her hand pressed forward, holding the entire breast in her hand.

"Well, how many boys have felt it like that?" Connie asked, sounding a little in shock at what she was watching. She seemed to recover, however, as her hand reached up to cup my other breast.

"I don't know," I squeaked out, trying to answer the question but I couldn't think straight. I also seemed to be speaking more of these sudden events, for I didn't know what was happening. "Damn, that feels good." I couldn't quite believe I had said that. 

"Mmmmm," Connie said as she began massaging my breast. "Does that feel as good as Bobby?"

"Or Danny?" Dee continued, as she began flicking at my nipple.

"Hell, yeah," I blurted out, wondering what was happening to my body. "Better!"

"Oh, yeah," said Connie as she leaned in to me. My chest, actually. I looked down but could only see the top of her head. But I felt her teeth grip my nipple and hold onto it tightly. Then her tongue began rubbing back and forth over it.

"Connie!" I squeaked, again trying to object but failing miserably.

"Your nipple is getting hard," Dee said as she watched Connie sucking on my tit. "Big and hard."

"Unnng!" was the sound that came out as I tried to say something. I had given up trying to be proper and was jsut enjoying the sensations.

Connie now had most of my tit in her mouth, sucking hard while licking and flicking my nipple with her tongue. Dee had my other breast in her hand, kneading it, stroking it, playing with it. Several minutes passed as they drove me wild. So wild, I suppose, that I don't know when someone's hand first reached my crotch.

I became aware of a hand inside my suit bottoms, playing at my hole. A finger was just barely inside it, mostly rubbing around my pussy lips. My knees had nearly buckled again, and I think the hand in my pants actually helped hold me up for a moment. Then a finger found my clit and I lost what little control I had. I was gone in the moment, enjoying the sparks flying from my pussy as well as from my nipples. Soon my body was awash in an orgasm. Not a big one, but enough to cause me to afterwards realize what was happening.

I was just about to say, "Enough, already," when those sparks picked up strength again. I thought it was now Dee sucking on my other breast, but I really couldn't be sure. My mind was clouded, unable to concentrate on anything other than the erotic feelings pulsing through me. I was in awe, as no girl had ever touched me sexually before. I had never even thought about it. But right now it was all I could possible want.

I became aware of my moaning as I felt two fingers now inside my vagina. My mind was trying to figure out if they were two fingers from different girls. Something told me they were, but I couldn't be sure. I felt myself being lifted into the air. Oh, what a dream, I thought, until I was put down on the side of the pool. The other girls were still in the pool, in the shallow end where they still stood. Then Connie - I think - bent over, her head now level with my crotch.

"Where had my suit bottoms gone?" I thought to myself. I moved my legs, trying to feel them. I couldn't see anything because Connie's head was in the way. It was right between my legs, so that I could not...

"Oh, God!" I screamed, I think out loud, as I felt a mouth on my pussy, and a tongue licking along my slit. Never had I felt anything like it. Only once had a boy eaten me out. Or tried to. It hadn't been that good, though I was excited at the time to have it happen. It didn't last that long, and I actually liked it better when he put his hand down there anyway. 

But this! Oh, my, this felt so much better. This seemed to touch all the right places, in just the right way. Her tongue eased itself between my folds, delicately working its way up and down, pushing my lips apart. It found my hole and worked its way in just an inch or so, then back out again. I felt a sucking feeling from time to time when her mouth fully covered my entire pussy, and soon I had another little tremor course through my body. 

While this was going on, Dee continued to manipulate my breasts. She cupped one. playing with the nipple, while her mouth and tongue was working on the other. Unlike the boys in the dark who had spent so much time with my breasts, Dee didn't seem to be trying to eat them, or conquer them. It felt like she was making slow, passionate love to them. She was enjoying their feel, their texture, the difference between the soft skin of my tit and the rough feel of my aureola. She played tenderly with my nipple, both with her lips and with her tongue, and occasionally with her teeth. It was a lovely and stimulating feeling. I loved it, but my attention kept shifting between my tits and my pussy.

With, I believe, two fingers now pushing in and out of my vagina, another finger, perhaps her thumb, was rubbing my clit back and forth. Up and down. I was nearly to the breaking point now. Her finger tapped lightly on my clit, rubbed it some more, then she licked it with her tongue, then pushed it lightly inwards. When she placed my little clit between her teeth, still licking it, my senses were overwhelmed.

"F U U U U U U U C K!" I heard myself scream as the most powerful orgasm I ever had literally attacked my body, sending me into a frenzy. I throbbed and thrashed. I'm not sure if I blacked out. Certainly I lost all awareness of everything around me, and I found myself in the pool, on my back, in the arms of Dee and Connie. They held me as I had some 'aftershocks', stroking me all over my body. I didn't realize at the time that by now they were turned on but had no relief.

I felt so embarrassed at this point, but didn't know what to do. I turned to the side and managed to get my face in the water. Trying to hide, I suppose. I turned completely over and came up again to breath. I was laying on my back between my two friends, stark naked, but had no energy to do anything about it. I was getting turned on again thinking of the situation I was in, as if offering myself to them, but more importantly were the hands that were still stroking me, concentrating on my more personal areas.

I finally realized that they were turned on, and I was recovered enough to stand up and get out of the way. Or at least I planned to get out of the way.

As I stood up their hands didn't leave my body. In fact they moved in closer, with me in the middle. Hands were everywhere, some on me and some went past me onto them. My hands were on Dee just to steady myself, until I began thinking how good it felt to feel her soft, wet skin.

I moved my hands slightly to touch the gentle sloping on the side of her breasts, then a little further to feel the wonderful soft skin of her full breast. The nipple was next, and as I cupped her breast and pinched her hard nipple between my fingers, I knew I had discovered something new and exciting.

Both of my hands began stroking Dee's body, mostly her breasts, while Connie pressed hard against my back. She reached around me so that she could reach Dee, and in the process rubbed her arms, and hands, on me as well - just as Dee was doing. In spite of myself I was getting greatly turned on again. So were the girls. 

I moved to the side a bit so that the three of us formed a sort of triangle, with hands going anywhere that seemed interesting and mouths gasping for air. Occasionally one of us would bend over enough to take a nipple in our mouth.

Someone's hand took mine and moved it down, between Connie's legs. My fingers were even bent in to form a grip on her pussy. It was the first time I had ever touched another person's pussy. Connie's pussy was shaved, unlike mine, so I felt nothing but her soft, fleshy pussy lips. My own pussy was being regularly fondled, so I tried to copy what was being done to mine. 

My fingers slipped between her folds. I pushed up at the top of her slit and found her tiny little clit. I couldn't tell if I was doing it right. Connie was moaning, but we all were, and who could tell what action any of us were responding to. One thing was obviously turning us all on. A finger in each of our holes.

I had felt a finger slip into my vagina. Memories of my recent orgasm came back, and I bent my knees, pushing down on the finger to try to get it further up into me. At the same time I found Dee's hole and pushed my own finger into it. A part of me thought what I was doing was very, very strange, but most of me ignored that feeling and enjoyed everything that was happening.

I groaned when I felt two fingers pushing into my vagina, and I did the same to Dee. I thought perhaps I felt a third finger go into me. At least I did that to Dee, and she responded even more as I forced them as deep as I could at that angle. About this time Connie began thrashing around, lost in an orgasm evidently caused by Dee's fingers.

Shortly after I felt Dee's vagina tighten around my fingers, followed by her own orgasm. That left both of them to turn on me. Connie's fingers were inside me again, and the situation nearly had me close to another turn. Dee thrust herself onto my chest, taking a mouth full of breast and bit hard. 

"I'm cumming!" I cried as I erupted again. Not nearly as strong as my other one, but it was still overwhelming. 

We had all clung together, supporting each other as we orgasmed, and now as we recovered we stayed in that tight grouping supporting each other. When we finally were able to look each other in the eyes we began to giggle. We put our heads together, laughing harder and harder, and somehow we began kissing. We each kissed each of the other girls, multiple times, even including tongue, but it did not lead to anything further. The kissing faded, finally back to just hugging, then back to embarrassment again. We were unsure of what to make of the situation, and gradually broke apart.

Dee broke the ice. "Connie, can I ask you something?"

"Yeah. Sure," Connie said.

Dee sounded tentative. "Have you ever... you know... been with a girl before?"

"What?" she said, surprised.

"You know. When you were eating Allison..." she paused, "it seemed you really knew what to do."

I smiled. "Oh, shit, I'll say she did!"

That lightened the mood a little.

"Yeah, I have. A couple actually. Is that a problem?" I couldn't tell if she was challenging her or being defensive.

"No, not a problem," Dee said. "In fact, I think it's great. It was my first time."

I looked at them both. "It was my first time, too. But I don't think it should be our last."

We all giggled and assured each other that we would do this again. And we did.