 Jim did not say a word to me when I got home Sunday night and I felt my world was tearing apart. I slept restlessly that night and woke up several times to terrifying dreams that I could not remember. When daylight came I showered and dressed for work. I kissed the kids good bye and walked out the door. I didn’t know it at the time, but that would be the last time I saw them for a week.

My day at the library passed slowly as Monday’s often do. I was preparing to leave when Sam appeared at the door. My heart sank as she walked up to my desk with a grin on her face.

“You get off at three rights,” she asked.

“Yes, why,” I replied.

“Alright, I will be out in the parking lot. Debbie wanted me to pick you up,” she said ignoring my question.

“I have my car here,” I said. “I can drive myself home and I will stop over Debbie’s house after I get home.”

“We’re not going home,” she said and then turned to leave. “I am parked next to your car so I’ll see you outside.” 

I looked around and I was grateful that no one had seen me talking to Sam. She had been dressed in a pair of men’s pleated slacks and a silk button down shirt and surely anyone who saw her would have thought she was a man. I certainly did not want to have to explain my conversation with her to any of my coworkers most of whom were terrible gossips.

Sam was waiting for me in a black Chevy Tahoe and she smiled and patted the seat as I climbed inside. Her hand reached across the car and softly caressed my left thigh as she slid my skirt up near my waist.

“Take your panties off and hand them to me,” she ordered.

“What? I don’t think so,” I said boldly.

She flexed her arms and I saw the muscles ripple. “Look bitch; take your fucking panties off now. Got it?”

“Yes,” I said meekly and I pulled my panties off and held them in my hands.

“That’s better,” she said smugly as her fingers touched my bare pussy.

I closed my eyes as she parted my lips and pushed her fingers roughly inside me. My nipples stiffened and my pussy moistened as she found my clit poking out of its hood.

“See, I knew you wanted this.”

My legs parted as I allowed Sam to finger me to a quick orgasm in the parking lot of my employer. I bit my lip to stifle a cry of pleasure as I came hard.

Sam put the car in gear and drove quickly out of town.

We pulled up in front of a tattoo and body piercing parlor in a bad section of the city and Sam directed me inside with a hand on the small of my back. Once in side Sam pushed me gently through a back door into a private room when a rough looking woman in her early 30’s sat. She had shoulder length dark hair and was about 40 pounds overweight with a hard weathered face.

“This is the one you told me about,” the dark haired woman asked Sam.

“Yeah, are you all set up,” Sam replied.

“Just give me a minute, why don’t you take her dress off and lock the door; we don’t want any customers wandering in here and seeing here naked.”

Sam looked at me expectantly and I lowered my head and I slipped my skirt down over my hips. I stepped out of the skirt and took off my blouse and bra and stood naked in the room. The dark haired woman motioned me over to a reclining chair and I obediently sat in it.

“Do you want me to start with the piercing first?” she asked Sam.

“Why don’t you play with her pussy and get her hot before you pierce her nipples. But don’t let her cum. She becomes a real firecracker if you get her blood boiling but don’t give her relief.”

The dark haired woman ran her finger through my trimmed bush then reached for a pair of clippers. “I think I’ll shave her first, I bet she tastes real sweet,” she said as if I was an inanimate object.

“Your call, and I don’t know how she tastes, I just fuck em, I don’t want my mouth near her fucking pussy,” Sam replied in a disgusted tone.

The dark haired woman grabbed a pair of clippers. “Spread you legs nice and wide,” she said enthusiastically.

I spread my legs and she carefully trimmed my pussy fur to less than a quarter inch. Then she grabbed some wax a cheese cloth and removed the remaining hair while I yelled out in pain. Her fingers slid inside my shockingly wet pussy.

“You kind of enjoyed the pain didn’t you,” she teased as her fingers moved across my sensitive but aroused lips. My legs splayed and the dark haired woman lowered her mouth to my waiting pussy. I felt an orgasm begin to build deep in my abdomen and I closed my eyes. My hands went to the dark haired woman’s head as she licked my pussy. She knew what she was doing and soon my toes were curling and thy legs began to quiver but each time I got close to the point of no return she would move away from my clit and allow me to settle back. She continued with the torturous teasing until I was ready to scream. She sensed what I needed and she plunged two fingers inside me and began to assault my swollen clit.

“Yeas, right there,” I moaned. Her fingers pumped into my wet hole as I closed in on ecstasy when suddenly she stopped. “No, don’t stop,” I pleaded.

She reached behind her, grabbed the piercing gun and shot a hoop through my rigid nipple. I screamed out in pain and she repeated the procedure on my other nipple. Tears streamed down my face as she lowered her mouth back to my pussy. She attacked my pussy and soon had me cumming over her face.

I looked down at her shiny face through glossy eyes and smiled. “Thank you. I don’t even know your name.”

“I’m Lisa, friends call me Lee,” she said as she wiped my juices from her mouth. “Now lie back, I just have one more thing to do, but this might take a while.”

Sam came over and placed a blindfold over my eyes and I felt the hum of a tattoo machine as Lee branded me with Debbie’s chosen tattoo. When she finished Lee handed me a mirror so I could see her handiwork. In black in and gothic letters read the word Pussy Slut where my pubic hair used to reside.

The sun had set when Sam led me back into the car. She drove us to Debbie’s house and told me to go up into the guest room and get undressed. I complied wither order and when she came into the room I dropped to my knees and licked her swollen clit until she came. She degraded me the entire time, calling me a whore and various other names as she came, then she climbed into bed and went to sleep. I climbed into bed beside her and cried softly until I finally drifted off to sleep.