 Maria walked slowly from the rental car drop off to the entrance into the airport terminal, soaking in the dry heat of the El Paso fall. Although the bright sunlight was savage to her skin, Maria enjoyed the dryness in the air, her perspiration just disappeared as quickly as it came so she didn't have to worry about the embarrassing wet stains under her arms and even worse, under her breasts.

Stepping into the terminal she was hit with a blast of cold air and was immediately thankful she carried a light sweater carefully arranged in her carry on bag. Actually she had planned to carry her small suitcase onto the plane, but new security measures forbid carrying even a tube of toothpaste onto the plane, so she checked the bag and headed for the gate.

She had arrived at the airport a full three hours before the scheduled departure time to allow for the increased security, so as she walked toward escalator up to security, she mentally prepared herself for a gauntlet. These days you might as well get undressed as buzzers and hand wands squeaked and squealed all too frequently. Anyway, as she rode up the escalator she surprisingly found only a few people in line ahead of her.

Saying to herself, "Hey, this is not going to be too bad," she put her carryon up on the table, and grabbed a plastic bin to put her shoes in. She let the bin and bag slide off through the x-ray viewer and walked through the metal detector.

"Brrrrie, brrrrie, brrrrie the alarm sounded and she stopped. Damn! "I forgot to take off my watch," she mumbled to the security agent and backed back through the detector. Removing her watch, she set it in the small, white circular bin and set it on the conveyor belt and then walked through the metal detector again, once again setting off the shrill alarm.

"My pen?" she asked the security agent, who just shrugged his shoulders.

Mary removed the pen from her blouse pocket, once again placing it on a smaller bin and letting it run down the conveyor. She then moved forward and once again set off the alarms.

"You only get three chances before we have to wand you," the security agent said. He then turned his head and whispered into a small radio. A female security agent immediately appeared carrying a wand and a clipboard.

"If you please ma'am, please follow me."

"What about my luggage?" Maria asked.

Nodding her head at the other security agent, she told Maria, "He'll get it for you"

They moved into a small room with two chairs and a table. They waited until all the luggage and accessories were carried in and placed on the table. "I'll need to run this wand over you," the agent said stepping closer to Maria.

Running the wand down Maria's back, the agent said, "With the heightened security, we've got the metal detectors cranked way up." She moved the wand to scan down Maria's front and as it passed over her breasts it began to alarm. Once it passed her breasts it went silent again.

"Would you mind removing your blouse?" the agent asked.

"Is it absolutely necessary?"

"Only if you want to fly today."

Maria reluctantly began to unbutton her blouse, slowly revealing a delicately laced bra. She gently placed her blouse on top of her carryon back and turned to face the agent.

"Very attractive bra, from Victoria Secret?" the agent asked, trying to ease the tension a bit. "I love shopping there."

"Yeah, I got it on sale," Maria said.

As the wand passed over the bra it alarmed again. The agent ran the wand quickly back and forth over Maria's breasts, with the alarm sound each time it moved over her. "Is that an under wire bra?" the agent asked.

"Well I think it has some wire support, but it never has set off the security things before," Maria said nervously.

"We just have these things so amped up, would you mind removing your bra?"

"Do I really have a choice?" Maria asked.

The agent smiled and shrugged her shoulders, so Maria quickly removed the bra and placed it on top of her blouse. The agent then slowly ran the wand down the front of Maria.

"Oops, I'm sorry," she exclaimed after accidentally bumping Maria's nipple with the wand. "It's just... well, they're so big."

"Well it's so cold in here, I can't help it," Maria responded.

The security agent put the wand on the table and held her palms up on Maria's nipples, "Here, maybe this will warm them up some," she said, trying to feign nonchalance.

"Mmm, that is nice," Maria responded, arching her back a bit.

Taking the cue, the agent moved closer to Maria, moving her mouth down over her right nipple and sucking. Maria reached her hands forward and took the agent's breasts in her palms. "What's your name?" she asked.

"I'm Tina," the agent replied excitedly.

"Tina, I'm Maria. I think we are about to get to know each other better."

"I hope so," Tina replied.

Tina slid her hands down to Maria's hips and began sliding her pants down. Maria quickly unfastened her belt and with Tina's help, stepped out of her pants and then her panties. Tina leaned forward against Maria, moving her backwards and down onto the chair. She then gently pushed Maria's legs apart and kneeled down before her.

Tina moved to her, first kissing and then separating Maria's lips with her tongue. Maria slid her hips forward in the chair, opening herself completely to her lover. She leaned her head back and enjoyed the sensation as Tina slipped her tongue deep inside and then moved to the clit. Maria began moving her hips, pushing her pussy onto Tina's face, wetting the woman's lips and face.

The entire situation was overwhelming and in just moments Maria felt the pleasure building from deep inside her, and she strained her hips forward, her arms clamped hard on the arms of the chair. With a loud moan she came as Tina sucked her clit into her mouth and shoved a finger deep into her cunt. They were motionless for a few moments as the climax pulsed though Maria's wet pussy.

After a few moments, Maria drew Tina's face up to hers and kissed her hard on the mouth, tasting herself on the woman's lips. She began to run her hand up between Tina's legs, but the security agent grabbed her arm and whispered, "I'm sorry ma'am, but I am the only one certified for these type of inspections."

Maria leaned back in the chair, studying Tina's face, "Was she serious?" she asked herself. "You don't want me to..."

"There is not enough time, we've been in here a while. I'll step out and you finish getting dressed. Once you're ready, you're clear to go on to the gate."

"But..."

"Will you be back here in El Paso?'

"Yes, in a few weeks," Maria answered.

"Just wear that same bra and we can try this again."

"Your turn this time."

"My turn," Tina nodded, leaning forward and kissing Maria again. "Now quick, get dressed and get to your gate," she said sternly.

"Certainly ma'am," Maria replied with a mock salute.

"God I love airport security," Tina said.

"Well after today, so do I, so do I," Maria replied as Tina passed through the door, closing it behind her.