 "Damn. Why did the kayaking class have to get out so fucking late?" I blurted out loud when the traffic light turned red. I pounded my steering wheel hard and winced when my knuckle cracked. I work for the Nantahala Outdoor Center as a whitewater kayak instructor and enjoy every second of it. As a new employee, my bosses insisted that all my clients should fill the mystified newbie kayaker stereotype who usually had no experience on whitewater and well no patience for it either; this took extra time out of my schedule to teach them and explain concepts over again.

Finally, the light turned green and I hit the accelerator. I look at my dashboard and read the clock as 4:34 p.m. I had one minute to get there and more than ten miles to cover! She was going to be pissed at me today. I scanned my neighboring cars and then decided to speed even more, because the cops weren't near me. With my speed, I was cutting the time in half to get there.

When I hit Marshall Road, I found that Jefferson High School was standing prouder than ever. I flicked my turn signal and followed the road to the unique building. Jefferson High School was modeled after Greek architecture with round buildings, thick pillars, and painted pristine white. I parked my Jeep in the parking lot and quickly hopped out after making sure I locked her up.

I expected to see her waiting in the hallway of the main entrance of Jefferson, but I saw no sign of her. I jogged quickly to the gym. I didn't want to be any later than I had to be. I pushed open the heavy red-painted door and found that the girls were still in their gym clothes while Sam was hovering over them while they were doing push-ups. 

My eyes followed Sam as she made sure none of the girls were cheating on form. Sam was wearing some basketball shorts that emphasized her hard ass and tight long calves. Sam stood at 5'11" with the most beautiful curly blonde hair that I could not help but smell and run my hands through everyday. Her piercing blue eyes caught me staring at her and she smiled brightly at me. I started to walk closer to her when her eyes told me not to.

Sam walked closer to me as she said, "Okay, girls, I think that's about a wrap for today. Walk 3 laps around the gym and consider yourself done."

"Hey girl," I said smiling.

Sam smiled and said softly, "Hey Bricey baby! What are you doing here?"

"I'm here for you," I said and added, "What else would you think?"

Sam grabbed my shirt, pulled my ear close to her mouth, and said, "You know what I mean. What are you doing in here?" After she released my shirt, she reached for my clit through my shorts. 

I lowered my voice, "Don't do that to me now Sam." 

"Well, you're doing that to me now Brice by just standing here."

I smiled. I turned my back to the girls who were finishing up their laps and looked at Sam in the eye. "My silly class ended late and traffic was crazy. When I didn't see you in the hallway, I wanted to make sure you were okay."

"Well, I was okay before you came, but now I think I'm in trouble."

"Why's that?" I said sarcastically.

When Sam started to walk away from me, she pointed to her panties and mouthed the word "wet" to me. I laughed out loud. The girls finished their laps and Sam dismissed them. "Okay, Jefferson girls, good practice today! I'm proud of you. I hope you have a good spring break. Remember, practice resumes on the Saturday before school starts back up again. Be there or be square."

The girls gave Sam a high-five as they left to change, gather their bags, what and what not. Sam told me months before that this was their ritual after every practice and game. If they didn't feel like slapping her hand, then that meant they had something to talk about. Sam promoted good sportsmanship and good attitudes. When Sam turned around and asked, "Ready to go?" I was smiling incredibly huge at her like a silly child.

"What are you smirking so big for?"

"Possibly because I'm in the love with the most caring gal in all of the world."

I grabbed Sam's hand as we made our way out of Jefferson High School. My girl also worked as a Physical Education teacher for Jefferson.

When Sam and I got into my Jeep, she shared, "I'm so exhausted Brice from this year. I don't know why, but I need this spring break more than ever." 

"Let's get you to bed early tonight girl."

"Only if you go to bed with me. I can't sleep without you. You know that." Her blue eyes landed on my brown ones for an instant. 

"Well, of course."

"Brice girl?'

"Yes?"

"I wish we lived closer to home. It seems so far away, especially when I am worn out."

"Do you want to drive?"

Sam laughed and finished with, "Not really."

I continued, "Sam, we own only one car for that reason. We use less gas and you and I are more dependent on each other. Luckily, our schedules are flexible to where we can do that. Plus, our bosses understand totally."

"Good point."

"I'm not done yet. Plus, you know our home gets us away from the hustle and bustle of the city. It's our get-a-way and then we don't have to pay a load of money to go on vacation when it took us more than a week to earn that wasted cash."

Sam was smiling with all her teeth. "Geez, Bricey, your head never stops does it?"

I shook my head in agitation at myself. Sam's hand reached for my bulky thigh; when she touched it, she started to caress it lengthwise. "You know I meant that in a good way baby. I'm grateful that you can remind me of our good vows and principles."

This time we were both smiling at each other. I turned up the radio and rolled down the windows to relax more. After another ten minutes or so of driving up the Blue Ridge Mountains, I took a left onto a dirt path and drove for another two minutes or so before reaching our house. Our house was the only house on this road. 

As we call it our "house," others upon seeing it, are more likely to call it a "wooden cabin." It really is made out of wood and has the wooden porch and everything. Inside, there are two bedrooms, a kitchen, a living room, and one and a half bathrooms along with a storage area. The porch is one of those grand ones that wraps around the whole house (except it didn't cost us as much, because it's a smaller house/cabin). In the mornings, Sam and I usually take our morning breakfast and eat it out on the porch while we watch the sunrise together. It is a great way to start off the morning.

"How about I make some blueberry pancakes for you while you rest and listen to some good old Jack Johnson?"

Sam looked at me. 

I added, "Jack Johnson is never a bad way to start off a spring break."

She smiled. "Why not banana pancakes? We've had blueberry pancakes so many times before and plus you know Jack Johnson has a song about banana pancakes."

I wrapped my average sized tanned arms around Sam as we stood in the living room. I blew on her neck and then progressed to long slow hot kisses. Sam began to moan in response. I whispered into her ear, "You are sooooooo smart Sammy. I'm so lucky to have you." After that, I licked her ear and bit her lobe as well. Sam giggled and pulled my smaller body right up against her stronger and taller body. Sam's hands wandered down towards my ass when I started to protest, "Saaaammm."

Her finger went directly towards my lips and I melted at her touch. Her puffier lips met my thin lips and engulfed mine into her burning mouth. She tantalized my tongue by pushing it forcefully and then made me chase after it in a fury. My hands pulled her body closer to mine. Her C-cup breasts smothered against my smaller B ones. I fit perfectly against her, from head to toe. I could not leave her embrace now. Sam made it harder for me when she used her hands to drive my ass and body into her pelvic bone. My breathing got faster and deeper. If she kept this up, I was going to have to give in...

I used my upper body to strength to break the bond Sam had created. "Baby, I don't mean to rain your parade, but you need to rest and get some food in your stomach. You taught all day today and coached. We'll take care of your other needs later. I promise."

Sam's eyes hit the floor and she nodded in acceptance. She knew better than to fight with me. I smiled bigger and then had a bright idea. I bent over at my knees quick and safely, grabbed her legs with one of my arms and flipped her when her back fell onto my other defined arm. 

"Shit Brice. I wasn't expecting that."

"Well, a girl has gotta take care of her baby when she's tired." I walked Sam slowly to the couch and laid her down softly. 

I put two pillows behind her neck when she said, "Now, if you have back problems, it's not my fault."

"I've been squatting since I turned eighteen. I think I'm okay girl."

Sam corrected me, "Babe, you're more than okay. You're fucking hot."

I smiled at Sam and kissed her softly on the cheek as a "thank you." She closed her eyes as Jack Johnson started to play and sing.

I pulled out a pan, some batter, bananas, and a mixing bowl. I mixed the bananas, the batter and other ingredients. I greased the pan lightly with some Pam and made some pancakes slowly. I made the first one in the form of a Mickey Mouse shape. Sam loved it when I showed my individuality and creativity at any point in life. I then made a heart-shaped one. I continued with a triangular shape and then just stuck with circles, because I ran out of ideas. I set the table with plates, silverware, cups, and the many banana pancakes I made. I put a little towel over the pancakes so they'd stay warm. I added some fruit, vegetables, and hot syrup to the table and filled the cups with milk. For a finishing touch, I dimmed the lights and lit two candles on the table. 

I crept into the living room as not to wake up Sammy. She was fast asleep. The music had stopped playing by now. I walked over to the couch, straddled her, and planted my soft lips onto hers. My hands caressed her tits as she started to stir. I went in for another slower kiss when Sam's lips finally responded back. She moaned as I squeezed her nipple through her shirt.

"How did you sleep?"

"Better than ever."

"Good to hear, because now it's time for you to fill that tummy of yours."

I lifted myself up from the couch and helped Sam as well. She cooed as she saw the mood I set and sat down excitedly. Sam and I ate in silence as we were both enjoying the food, the atmosphere, and the moment. We both knew that there was no other place we would rather have been in the world at that moment. We were content with not only each other, but life as well.

After the dinner, I washed the dishes as Sam dried them. We didn't have a dishwasher.

"You are a good cook you know Brice?"

"Thank you. You know you're better than me."

Sam laughed and said, "It depends what we're cooking. . ."

"True."

After we finished with the dishes, Sam yanked my hand and said, "Time for me to reward you for all the hard work you've doing for me. Follow me."

I followed her and responded, "There's no need for a reward, because I've hardly done anything for you."

"Bullshit. You're always surprising me with flowers, or showering me with compliments, and you ALWAYS pick me up after work."

I kind of shrugged my shoulders and then said, "Well, I do pick you up from work, but that's because you know I'm a hippie when it comes to the environment. I'm glad you can see my side of the argument. And I haven't gotten you flowers in a long time."

"BS again!"

"When Sam? When did I get you flowers?"

"When my girls and I won our last game...and that was last Tuesday."

I racked my brain for the memory. "Ohh, okay. I guess so." Sam stared at me as she waited for me to assert that she was indeed right.

"Okay, Sam. You are right to a degree. I have been showering you with flowers, love, and good deeds. But I do not see it as hard work. I take joy in every surprise and deed I do for you, because I love you so much. I love you Sam. I don't anyone else. I want you! You make my kayak rock the most baby. There's no other way I can say it."

Sam's smile sent shivers up and down my spine. She wrapped her huge arms around my smaller body and hugged me for eternity. "Thank you Bricey. I needed to hear that."

Sam broke the embrace first and continued, "In fact, you always know what I need and sometimes I know I can be distant, but that's because it scares the fuck out of me Brice. I've never been with a girl as good as you. You only see the positive things and you only see the positive things for our future. You never lose your hope and you never lose your dedication. Baby, I could go on forever about your personality. We both know how fucking awesome our relationship is – all the way from our interests to how we handle the real world together. No, we're not perfect, but we have definitely created the life we want to life – together. I could not ask for anything more from you. You need to know that Brice. You need to know that I am happy with you are and that really do love you."

Tears started to flow out of my eyes and Sam never stopped, "You need to know that you're not going to lose me ever. I'm in your heart. I'm engraved into your life now. And most of all, I'm here now, more in love with you than I've ever been!" A smile hit my heart and shined across my face. Sam's hands reached for the wet tears flowing down my face and wiped them away. No one had ever made me feel this safe, loved, and happy all at once. 

This time, I strangled Sam with my arms and found her lips. We held the kiss as long as we could until it was time to gather more air. It was our way of communicating our deepest feelings to each other. 

When we broke the kiss, Sam asked, "What kind of underwear you got on girl? I've been dying to know all night."

"Why does it matter?"

"Because you know, I've got this underwear fetish, especially when it comes to your toned body."

I smiled, loving to hear her repeat this every damn time I asked. I replied slyly, "Well, maybe you'll just have to find out."

With that being said, I laid my stomach flat onto our bed and even crossed my arms beneath me. I wasn't budging an inch.

Sam giggled and jumped straight on top of my ass. She knew I loved it when she was on top of me. She humped my ass as fast and as hard as she could. My juices started to flow, but I wasn't going to give in. She knew I was good at being stubborn and thus changed her mind to tickling. Wow, tickling...now that is my weakness.

I giggled with her as my body that was once tense – turned incredibly supple. My back now faced the bed and my body was more than available to Sam. She had won and I was giving in to the deal. Sam undid my dark leather brown belt, silver button, and unzipped my zipper. Her hands reached for the waist of my jeans and pulled them down to my ankles. 

I watched Sam's blue eyes fill up with lust as she saw the new American Eagle red-and-white striped boxer brief's I had bought from the girl's section. She was digging them the more and more she saw them. 

"So, what do you think love?"

"Wow, I I I realllly like them," Sam whispered.

"I was hoping you would."

Sam stretched her body onto mine and started kissing me all over again. Instead of I being the humper, she became the humper and humped the fuck out of my new undies. My hips jumped up to meet every thrust she gave. Before each of us reached our climax, Sam stopped and said, "You better take those off or I might have to rip them off."

"You wouldn't have the courage to rip them off." So, I took 'em off.

I waited and watched Sam formulate the next plan. She stripped off her basketball shorts, tank top and sports bra immediately. A nice image of Sam's ass filled my vision as she bent over, digging in to our ever-famous toy chest. She pulled out one of our favorite toys, a double-sided dildo. 

I lost myself as images filled my head of what we were about to do.

"Take off your clothes silly." I quickly shed my T-shirt and bra as Sam pulled off her boxers. She loved to wear boxers, because she felt free and wild in them all at once. This turned me on incredibly. I like her, had somewhat of an underwear fetish. We loved to surprise each other with our new fresh underwear. 

While I was lost in thought, Sam had walked over to me and unexpectedly shoved the double-sided 9 incher into my pussy deep. I emitted a low guttural moan several times, before she got it all the way in. "Whew you're deep Blakey. You need to work that pus more."

"I know, but you know how little time we have for sex alone sometimes."

"Well, that won't be true for this week. . .," Sam replied instantly as she got on top of me.

I immediately shared, "God Sam, I'm already wet from seeing you and feeling you on top of me." Sam's fingers ventured southward to my pussy as she tested the pussy for herself. Her fingers met my warm sweet smell.

"Woah Brice. That is turning me on."

I smiled in excitement. "Well, brace yourself, because I and my 9-inch commander are coming in hard and strong." 

"Oh God..." Sam loved it when I talked dirty to her and she was getting excited all ready...

Before I pushed my large girth into my girl, I used my juices and hers as well to lube it up. Once it was somewhat wet, I aligned it nicely with her pussy and slowly started to pump my cock deeply into her pussy and then deeply out. Sam's pussy reacted well and was used to the size. I continued my long slow pushes in and out of my girl, just getting her warmed up for the big race. For several minutes, I even lowered my pushes to a lower pace.

Sam reacted, "Ohhh, Brice, stop it. I need to feel you in me."

I continued my slow snailish pace in out of her pink slick pussy until I even got fed up with myself. I pushed my huge cock into the depths of Sam all I could. Our pelvic bones crashed at this point each time. Each time, I pushed it harder, a little farther, and a little faster. Before we knew it, I was pulling in and out of Sam's pussy faster then we had expected and Sam was working as hard as she could to meet every one of my thrusts.

Sweat formed on our bodies as our pace went up. I could see sweat beads clustering around Sam's forehead, making her even more beautiful. Her boobs rocked every time I punched my cock into the recesses of her cunt. 

"Fuck Brice, don't stop now. That's it. Harder, deeper!"

I held one of my hands onto her ass, getting her as close to me as I could. I used my other hand to pinch her nipples and occasionally to suck on them. Sam was almost ready to go over the edge. Her breathing turned into quick panting. My breathing began to match hers.

"Ohhhh Brice, I think I'm going to cum. Fuck!" I felt Sam's hot juices flow downward from the dildo and onward into me. I did not stop pushing as I had not reached my climax yet. I pushed harder and harder until I could push no more.

"Ohhhhh..." was all I could get out. Waves of emotion flooded my body from head to toe. I closed my eyes to capture the moment. My cock still lay imbedded deep within Sam. Once I opened my eyes, I slowly pulled the dildo out of her, and then out of myself as well. 

Sam turned onto the bed, onto her back. She relaxed as her heartbeat came to a crawl. . . .compared to what it was doing. I laid the dildo next to our random pile of clothes. I would clean it up later in the morning. 

I said the first word. "Exhausted?"

She smiled and hummed, "Ahhh, yes, but incredibly happy and satisfied."

I smiled from the good news. "I'm glad to hear that."

"And you?"

"Incredibly joyous." Sam laughed at my choice of 

words. I had to admit – the words sounded a little queer, but after all that is and was how I felt.

After laughing, my Sam pulled up close to me as I hopped onto the bed. I reached up to turn off the lights. I then laid onto the bed, head on pillow and shut my heavy eyes with my hands crossed over my breastbone. I murmured, "Good night baby."
