 Maria wept as she thanked god when she found that she had been selected to go to America to work for the O'Neals. She had almost given up hope of escaping her country and the evil police that preyed on women there. Maria promised herself that she would never go back to that terrible place and she would do anything to keep her promise. She knew that although she had a degree in nursing it meant nothing in her new home. Still she also knew that she would be caring for Mr. O'Neal and that he was a very sick man and it made her heart feel good.

Mrs. O'Neal picked her up at the airport; Maria could not believe her beauty. A stately woman dressed is silks and linens she reminded her of the Donnas from the early days of her country. Mrs. O'Neal looked so regal Maria almost curtsied in her presence. On the long ride to her new home, Mrs. O'Neal questioned her about her background and family. Maria noticed her smile when she told her that she had no family left and had been on her own for years. She told Maria about Mr. O'Neal's condition and what would be expected of her in their home. As for Maria, she only answered Mrs. O'Neal's questions feeling far too shy to ask any of her own.

When the long black car pulled off the road and up to the big gate Maria could see her new home and to her it looked like a castle from one of her childhood fairy tales. She quickly found out this was not her new home as Mrs. O'Neal drove past the estate and down the hill behind it. The only mention of the big house was that it was Mrs. O'Neals in-laws and that Maria was never to go near it. They came to a simple house and parked out front. They went inside where Mrs. O'Neal showed Maria her room and then she instructed her to change clothes, as she was needed immediately. Maria didn't know what to do, was she expected to undress in front of Mrs. O'Neal or to wait for her to leave. Mrs. O'Neal opened a closet with a starched white uniform,

"Here is your uniform you will be expected to keep it looking as crisp as it does now. Every night you will wash it and have it ready to wear by morning. You will receive no pay until your airline ticket is repaid and there will be no days off unless I give you the OK."

None of this was a problem to Maria as she had only one uniform at home and had to launder it every evening as well. She thought how could she expect Mrs. O'Neal to pay for her flight to this country and she certainly didn't mind having no days off as she knew no one and had nothing to do anyway. 

"I want you to understand you are in this country only as long as I allow it. If you do not do what I say or upset me in any way I will have you arrested and sent back to the police in your country in chains."

Mrs. O'Neal smiled when she saw Maria shudder and she knew she had her.

"You're still not undressed, here let me help you."

She went to Maria and began to unbutton her dress; she slipped it off her and then the same to her slip. Maria stood embarrassed and red-faced in only her bra and panties.

"This will never do, you stand right there, don't move, I'll be right back."

Mrs. O'Neal left the room only to return with some lingerie,

"This is some of my old stuff but it is so much better than these rags you are wearing, here put these on." 

Maria just stood in shock, there was just no way could she expose her privates to Mrs. O'Neal. The woman went to her and reached behind her to unclasp her bra; she then slid the straps off her shoulders exposing her breasts.

"You have lovely breasts; they look so nice and soft."

She then reached up and clasped a nipple between a finger and thumb. She rolled it and gave it a gentle squeeze making it harden to Maria further embarrassment. Mrs. O'Neal next helped Maria put on her new bra, she could not believe how luxurious it felt up tight against her. Next, she was instructed to pull down her panties and to put on the new. They were so tiny they almost offered no cover-up but when she turned around to say something to Mrs. O'Neal, she saw her put her old underwear to her nose.

"I love the smell of a young girl's pussy; I think we'll get along famously."

Maria considered this an affront to her dignity but feared upsetting Mrs. O'Neal so said nothing.

"I will dispose of these rags for you."

After Maria finally got dressed, she was taken to Mr. O'Neal. He had been paralyzed from the neck down by a gunshot wound and was unable even to communicate. Maria knew her job was to care for the mister, she was expected to fill his feeding tube and empty his poop tube as the Misses called it. He was to be bathed twice a week and she was expected to look after his well-being. As the only servant in the house, Maria soon found that she was to care for Mrs. O'Neal as well.

In the early evening, she was called into Mrs. O'Neal's bedroom and instructed to prepare the Misses' bath. As the steamy water poured into the tub, she was told to undress Mrs. O'Neal. Standing naked before her she brazenly stroked her nipples, and then asked Maria what she thought of her breasts. Maria stood there speechless, so the Misses picked up her hand and put it on her naked breast. She rubbed her breast using Maria's hand and she could feel the erect nipple tickle her palm. Next, she put a foot on the tub spreading her legs exposing her most private place.

"Maria, do you think I need to shave, put your hand here, and let me know."

Trembling Maria did as she was told, but felt nothing but smooth skin around her pubic patch. With a shaky voice, she told her she didn't think so. Mrs. O'Neal sat in the tub while Maria bathed her including her anus and cunny. As a nurse, Maria had done this to other female patients but never with the sexual overtones that doing it to Mrs. O'Neal had. The Misses' skin felt so soft and pliant and Maria knew she must put special oils and creams to keep it so soft and lovely. As she washed her breasts, Maria remembered earlier in the day when Mrs. O'Neal had teased her nipple and how good it had felt. She began to do the same to the Misses and when she felt it harden in her fingertips, it excited her. She looked up to see Mrs. O'Neal smile and it encouraged her to move to her other breast.

When done with her bath Mrs. O'Neal stepped out of the tub and then handed a towel to Maria. As she dried her, Maria was amazed at the luxurious towel, so large and soft, not like the coarse little thing Maria was accustomed to using. Starting at her shoulders and working down until finally kneeling to dry her legs, Maria looked up to see she was just inches from Mrs. O'Neal's private place. She was so close she could see the beads of water on her pubic hair. For just a moment, she wondered what it would be like to put her tongue between the slit of her womanhood. Embarrassed at the thought and yet she could feel her own fluids began to leak and her panties dampen. After she finished drying her she helped her into her gown and robe, then Mrs. O'Neal dismissed her for the evening. 

Maria then had a chance to launder her uniform and then to bathe herself. She looked for her nightgown and discovered that the Missed had taken it when she took all her undergarments away. She had never slept without a nightgown but without a choice, she went to bed dressed only in her new panties. As she lay there, she thought of her day and her new underwear. She ran her hand over the lacy garment unlike any she had ever seen in her own country. She wondered if they were made of satin and soon she found her hand had slipped between her legs and had found her special spot. She knew this was a sin but she couldn't stop and she thought of how close her lips had been to the misses. She now wished that she had kissed that place when she had the chance and as she thought on this, an orgasm coursed through her body.

She heard the door open and saw Mrs. O'Neal coming into her darkened room. She was wearing her sheer nightgown and with the light from the hall behind her, she looked almost naked. Without a word, she lay down next to Maria and rested on her arm. She ran her fingers through Maria's hair as she looked into her eyes. Oddly, Maria no longer felt embarrassed by her nudity. When she smiled back to Mrs. O'Neal, the woman leaned over and kissed her. Maria returned the kiss eagerly and with passion. She bent and suckled Maria's breast and it made her moan. When the misses let her gown slip down exposing her own breasts Maria but her lips to them with a hunger that surprised her. The Misses grabbed her hair and pulled it to hold her in place, then to pull her away.

"Undress me," she commanded, and Maria did so gladly and then the misses slid Maria's panties down and off her legs.

Mrs. O'Neal was now on her back and her legs spread, instinctually, Maria knew what to do and she placed her lips to the misses little pearl. The naughtiness of the act only further fueled her passion. Again, the misses grabbed her hair to hold her in place. Mrs. O'Neal screamed as her orgasm came, flooding Maria's face with her juices and yet she held her in place wanting more. Again and again, she came until she pushed Maria away, saying she could take no more. Mrs. O'Neal patted the pillow for Maria to lie down next to her. She kissed her face and used her tongue to clean her own juices off Maria's face. She now held Maria next to her bosom and they cuddled while the misses drifted off to sleep. However, Maria was too aroused to sleep and soon she found her fingers slipping between that slit to find her own special spot. It didn't take long for her fingers to bring relief. When done she put her arms around her boss and it felt so good just to hold her close. Maria now felt that she was the luckiest girl alive and she gave little thank you kisses to the misses' breasts and soon was asleep herself.

Sometime during the night, Maria awoke to the most wonderful feeling in the world. In the moonlight, she could make out the head of her boss as she knelt between Maria's legs. Maria's orgasm was unlike anything she had ever experienced and it was so intense she feared she might pass out. When Mrs. O'Neal noticed that Maria was now awake, she moved around to swing her thigh over Maria's body and soon her slit was pushed up against Maria's lips. Maria sucked at the misses' sex hungrily, greedy to return the favor. The two spent the night locked in this classic embrace of the number sixty-nine as they napped between orgasms.

When Mr. O'Neal passed away in the spring, Maria gladly accepted Mrs. O'Neal's offer to stay on as her assistant. Maria now spent her days with the misses doing as her boss wished. They swam together, took hikes in the woods, and enjoyed each other's company. They slept together every night and always with long bouts of sexual activity. It was a year that was beyond anything that Maria could ever have wished. When the last of the in-laws passed on the two moved into the big house on the hill together. Their boss employee relationship had now blurred into that of two lovers and so it remained.