 You were so nervous, clutching your small overnight bag with both hands, walking up the path to the sorority house. You'd already been initiated, but that was one thing. Being admitted into the house was a totally separate ordeal. The legend was that your sorority was the most exclusive one—and the most risqué. These girls were all about sex appeal—which was why you were more than surprised when you received their bid. 

They were famous. They had a dress code for every waking second of the day, for every event. They walked around in tight groups, and they were incredibly friendly—not only with other people, but especially with each other. That gave way to the rumors. The especially friendly ones all lived in the same house together, and so many other students and members of Greek life speculated that life inside the house was essentially a continuous orgy. So, when you got the calligraphy inscribed letter hand delivered by one of the sisters to your dorm room door, inviting you to the house with a list of instructions, your heart practically leapt into your throat.

Little one,

Congratulations! The inhabitants of our sisterhood's house would like to cordially invite you to an evening of fun and excitement. On the above date, please bring your sexiest pajamas, and your favorite toys to the house around 6:00 pm. 

Can't wait!

And here you were. It was 5:58, the sun was setting, you had your bag, and you were standing in front of the door, your fist up, wondering whether you should knock or not.

The door suddenly opened and a girl you recognized from rush and initiation stood there, smiling brightly, her dark hair swept up into a ponytail. "Hi," she said. "I'm Diana. I'm going to be your roommate for tonight." She winked. "Follow me."

You follow her into the house and as soon as the door shuts behind you, you notice the moans that seem to emanate from each and every door and wall in the house. Diana sees your eyes widen and smiles mischievously. "Don't worry, sweetie, you'll be joining them soon."

Joining them? you think. What does that mean?

Diana leads you into a small room, bare of everything but one king sized white mattress in the middle of the room, and a dark chest of drawers. She shuts the door behind you and for the first time you notice that she seems to be wearing nothing but a robe. She drops it to the floor and you swallow hard at the sight of her smooth, toned body, perfectly shaved and sculpted. 

So this is why they require all their initiates to be in such good shape...

"Sweetie," Diana says, sitting gingerly on the mattress and crossing her legs. "All the girls that live in this house, live in this house to pleasure and be pleasured. Whether this is to each other or our many patrons, it doesn't matter. But every girl who does so must go through...rigorous training. Yours begins tonight. Do you accept the position?"

You nod hesitantly.

"Say 'yes.'"

"Yes," you say, your voice cracking a little bit.

"Good girl." Diana smiles and spreads her legs, revealing a perfectly groomed, flush pink pussy, gleaming with a slight bit of moisture. 

Your heart pounds in your throat.

"Now. Strip. And slowly. I want to enjoy you."

You drop your bags and obey. Slowly, you pull your tight blouse over your head and discard it on the floor. Your mini skirt follows. You fumble as you unhook the white lace bra you had the foresight to wear and your breasts tumble out, heavy with their newfound freedom. Finally, you step out of your matching thong, hoping that the tiny little bit of fuzz on your pussy doesn't bother her.

"Take your hair down."

Obediently, you pull your hair out of its ponytail, feeling it tumble down around your shoulders.

"All right," Diana says, closing her legs and walking over to you. "Inspection."

You blink. "What?"

"Inspection," she repeats, placing her hands on your shoulders and pushing you to the mattress. "Lie down."

You lie down, stiff as a board and watch nervously as she paces around you, her mouth screwed up to one side, staring hard. 

She leans down and grabs your chin in her fingers, twisting your jaw from side to side. "Open your mouth as wide as you can without baring your teeth."

You oblige, careful to keep your lips in a perfect O shape.

"Good, good." She leans down and grabs your breasts in her hands, pulling and kneading

and making you gasp. In one swift movement, she pulls and flicks your now erect nipples, finishing the motion before you can even fully arch your back.

"Good girl," she coos. "So responsive."

She trails her hands down your navel, not missing the enormous shiver you can't hold back, and smiles. She cups her hand over your mound and slowly slides one finger down through your now slippery folds, making you gasp and twitch. 

"Ah, not yet, sweetheart. We haven't even finished our inspection yet." She takes her finger out and sucks it clean. You can't help the small whimper that escapes your throat.

She slowly spreads your legs, kneeling down in front of you and testing your flexibility. When she has pushed them as far as they can go, she shakes her head. "We'll certainly have to work on your flexibility, darling. My legs reach up behind my head."

With a perfectly manicured nail, she flicks your clit a couple of times, making you gasp again, and in one swift movement, she slips two fingers inside of you. You cry out, but she shushes you. "Honey, we haven't even gotten to the fun part yet."

She twists her fingers inside of you, feeling the roughness of your walls, smiling. "You're tight, little one," she says. "You're going to be a favorite, I can tell."

She sits back and licks her fingers clean again. "You've done remarkably well today. I'm impressed. Every day, if you pass, you will make me cum. And when you make me cum, afterwards, I will return the favor. I'm hoping we can eventually get to the point where we can assist each other simultaneously. And just have fun. But for now..." She lies next to you and brushes her lips against your cheek. "Your current priority is to make me cum. The sooner you do that, the sooner you get to cum."

You nod and scramble to a sitting position. Her breasts are so perfectly round, you'd been staring at them practically the entire inspection. You had to feel them for yourself. You lean over her and grab her breasts in your hands, kneading the way you remember her doing to you. Her eyes flutter shut and she moans. Encouraged, you move a little harder and faster, enjoying the way her smooth skin feels in your palms. 

You let go of one breast and you kneel down, still kneading the other one. You place your mouth over her erect nipple and you begin to suck, paying particular attention to licking the tip of her nipple, the way you'd seen the girls in the porn you watch do. Diana arches her back and moans again.

Daring to take it a little further, you clench her breast in between your teeth and you pull until you're finally biting her nipple, and you release.

"Yes!" she cries. "My pussy! Make me cum, sweetie!"

You scramble in between her legs and spread them apart, almost astonished to find an enormous wet stain beneath her, juices dripping from her slit, making her pussy and her thighs slick. You bite your lip and try to remember the girls from your porn videos. What made them feel good. What turned you on. 

You take your thumb and you gingerly rub it up and down her clit, and with each stroke you press a little harder. Diana arches her back and curses.

"Fuck, baby, where'd you learn that?"

You swallow your answer and instead lean down, taking her clit in between your lips and sucking as hard as you can, moving your body with hers. 

"Sweetie, I'm already so close," she moans. "Finish me, baby."

You hesitantly slide two fingers in her slit, quickly adding a third when you find she can manage it. Without stopping your sucking, you massage her clit with your tongue, pumping your fingers in and out of her sweet hole, trying to work around her convulsing body.

"Yes! Yes! Faster!"

Ever so obedient, you move your fingers as fast as you can, hooking them in toward you and scraping the inside of her walls, sucking and massaging the whole time. Her body tenses and you know...

She screams your name and fluid comes gushing out onto your hand, but you don't stop. You don't stop until she sits up and rips you away, crashing her mouth to yours. You pull away in surprise, but she's strong, and she grabs your upper arms and shoves you to the bed. 

Before you have time to process what's happening, your legs are spread and her tongue is scraping up and down your slit and your clit, and it's then that you notice she has a tongue piercing. You fall back onto the bed and you moan uncontrollably. Her hand shoots up and grabs your breast, and she immediately begins to dig her fingers into your skin. Under normal circumstances, you might find it painful, and uncomfortable, but the pain only arouses you more and you can feel the wetness coating your thighs, the tension becoming unbearable. You're sure that if she sucks one more time, you'll unravel.

But suddenly she pulls away. She sucks on her two fingers, catching some of the fluid dripping from your slit, and sucks some more. With her breasts hanging over you, she slides her fingers inside of you and slowly, torturously begins pumping in and out and in and out. You moan and cry out.

"Do you want to cum, sweetheart?"

You nod.

"I can't hear you!"

"Yes!" you practically scream at the top of your lungs. "Yes! Please!" 

"Say the whole thing, slut," Diana commands.

"Please make me cum!"

She grins. "Good girl."

She pumps her hand faster, hooking her fingers and you suddenly understand why the finger hook makes a difference. She grinds her tongue against your clit, the tension building, your pussy throbbing.

Suddenly, you can't breathe. Your body tenses and your back arches involuntarily. You think you hear someone crying out, but you aren't sure if it's you or someone else. Your mind goes hazy and your whole body unravels in a wave of pleasure more intense than you've ever felt in your life. 

When your vision clears, you sit up in a daze. Diana is in her robe again, staring at you. 

"Darling, is that the first time you've ever squirted?"

"What?" you ask, confused.

She points to a giant wet spot on the wall, dripping down to the carpet.

"All of that came from your pussy when you came."

"I—I think...I've never done that before."

Diana grins. "We are going to have so much fun, you and I."