 I had always sworn that I would keep my virginity until I got married. Now if you knew me now, you would laugh at that comment, but back then I was in my mid teens, I tried hard to keep to that promise, and believe me it wasn't easy.

I was tall, 5'9, dirty blonde hair, blue eyes, tanned and 36 DD. Everyone always assumed my breasts weren't natural because of their size and firmness, but they were. I had a figure much like Marilyn Monroe, large breasts, and a nice round but firm ass.


I often got picked on by the other girls. Not that I really care. All my friends were guys for a reason, I usually found girls to be caddy and annoying. I think it was because they were somewhat jealous of the company I kept. Who wouldn't be, the guys were all popular, gorgeous, and musicians. 

Then in my last year of high school I was 18 and I started hanging out with one of the guy's girlfriends, Laurie. She was about 5'6, brown hair, and brown eyes and tanned as well. Her breasts were small, and she was very skinny. Her and I got along really well and could talk about anything and everything. 

One night she invited me to a party, so I went along. We got there and there weren't as many people as they had expected only 15 or so. 

Around 10pm, we heard of another party where everyone was at. Most of the people took off but Laurie and I and two other girls. The other girls attended our high school, and I didn't know them all that well. But apparently they knew me. Sandy and Jessica were their names. Sandy was a typical cheerleader, blonde, blue eyes, large breasts and petite and she lived at the house where the party started. Jessica was also petite, but brunette with green eyes, ivory skin and small perky breasts.

We all just sat around watching movies, and drinking. Eventually we all fell asleep on the large mattress that we had been sitting on to watch the movies. It was strange, I started to feel my pussy getting wet, and dreamt that someone was fingering me. It was great, my pussy felt like it was on fire and ready to cum. 

Then I began to wake up. At first I thought I was dreaming. It looked like Laurie and Jessica were kissing beside me, but I thought I had to be wrong. As I became more alert I realized that I wasn't. I could smell sex in the air. My pussy was throbbing with excitement and it was then that I realized that Sandy was in fact rubbing my pussy through my jeans. Once they all realized that I was awake, they smiled and said "it's about time" 

Next thing I knew they were all naked, and I couldn't help but get naked myself. Sandy and I were kneeling on the mattress, her body exposed and I couldn't keep my eyes off of her breasts and erect nipples. She reached forward and pulled me closer to her and we leaned in to each other and kissed. Her tongue wrapping itself around mine. We kissed just for a moment and it was then that she pushed me back onto the mattress.

I fell back and spread my long legs knowing what it was that she wanted. I could feel her breathing against my thigh, and she worked her way up. But she passed my pussy, and started sucking on my erect nipples and I pulled her closer. I wasn't sure what to do; I was shocked but also so damn excited. Her tongue went from one nipple to the other. I reached down, and she pushed my hand away and held it so that I couldn't move. She then held me down, in actuality I could have gotten loose, but I liked feeling "trapped". She started working her way down and released my hands. Then I felt her tongue explore my pussy. She was amazing, going slowly up and down over my clit and then deep into my wet hole. I was enjoying it so much that I just had to lick some pussy myself. I grabbed Laurie's ankle who was now fingering Jessica's pussy while kissing her and asked her to sit on my face.

She didn't hesitate, she sat on my face. The scent of her pussy drove me crazy. Although I had never done anything like this before I just went for it. I started sucking on her clit, and copying what Sandy was doing to my pussy. I felt Sandy insert two fingers, and she fucked me slowly. I continued licking, sucking, and fucking Laurie's pussy with my tongue. Laurie's legs were quivering, and she started grinding into my mouth. I loved it.

By now Jessica had moved to her knees and was kneeling by my head and kissing Laurie while Laurie fingered her. My pussy was going crazy, I could feel and hear Sandy moaning and I could only assume that she was fingering herself while she was licking my pussy. The thought drove me wild, and then Laurie started moaning. I felt her pussy tighten against my tongue just slightly. I started driving my tongue into her pussy then going to her clit and running circles around it. She moaned as she kissed Jessica and I could taste her cum. It was amazing. All over my lips and chin. I tasted every last drop and she removed herself and lay back beside me panting. 

I was at the point of cuming myself, and I was surprised that I hadn't already. Sandy's tongue was amazing. She stopped and got up and I asked where she was going and she said she would be right back. 

As she was gone I placed myself in between Jessica's petite legs, and started my way up her thigh as her and Laurie laid there kissing. I worked my way up to her pussy. It was so beautiful. Her ivory skin against her pink pussy. I started slowly licking her clit, I wanted to savour the moment. As I circled her clit I started fucking her with two fingers, in and out. I felt her getting wetter and wetter and I couldn't help myself, I just started going crazy. I sucked on her clit while I fingered her hard. Her whole body was moving. I myself was getting very wet and started fingering myself. Then I realized Sandy was back. 

She asked me to turn around and look what she brought me, and there it was, a vibrator. I begged her to fuck me with it and she did. She placed it into my pussy and started off slow. I matched the rhythm while I fucked Jessica with my fingers. 

As sandy fucked me with the vibrator she also played with my clit, I could not take it anymore, I was going to explode. And I did, I had orgasm after orgasm. Just as I finished my last orgasm I leaned into Jessica's pussy, flicking her clit with my tongue and moaning set her off, she started to cum. Both our bodies quivering with excitement. 

Sandy pulled out the vibrator, and the four of us all lay down on the bed, sandy leaned over and kissed me, she could taste Jessica's cum in my mouth, and she whispered and said, you owe me. And she was right, I did.

I may not have lost my virginity a guy, but the innocent girl that once was, was gone!