 Ananya was my neighbour's daughter. She was slender and pretty and so innocent. She called me Babli didi and looked up to me for being a girl who knew her mind. I was her role model as she had told me many times. She had just started junior college and I encouraged her efforts as much as I could.

Her body had me fascinated for some time now and I was continuously thinking about how to get her to open up to me so much that I could help myself to it. I dreamt about her. I constantly undressed her in my mind. My hands itched whenever she was near and like a bitch in heat I always started salivating and thinking about her virginity. My mind was like a fertile ground where images of her nakedness flashed every time I saw her. And then later in the privacy of my bed or the bathroom, I would furiously finger myself to explosive, satisfying orgasms while fantasizing about her. My fantasies were driving me to the edge. I was becoming more and more frustrated by my imaginings, desperate to see her uncovered, to touch her.

I decided I needed to have her.

It was a Thursday and Ananya had come home early when her parents were not at home. Their flat was locked and I saw her sitting on the landing step, casually looking through some magazine. 

I walked up to her. "Ananya, what are you doing? Are you locked out?" I asked.

She looked up and a pretty smile came on her face. "Babli didi! Yes, my parents are not yet home and they have locked the door so I can't go in until they come back," she replied.

"So come into my flat. You can wait there instead of sitting outside like some beggar," I teased her.

She gathered up her bag and got up from the steps, following me into my house. She walked over to the sofa, put her belongings there and sat down.

"Do you want water?" I asked.

She nodded.

I went into the kitchen and poured two glasses of cold water. Bringing them out, I sat down beside her and offered it to her.

She drank greedily, gulping down most of the glass and then setting it on the coffee table. "Thank you, didi, I was so thirsty," she said, wiping her lips with the back of her hand.

"Good then that I found you and rescued you." I smiled. "That I quenched your thirst." And I will quench my thirst too before long, I thought to myself.

She smiled at me.

"Ananya, I have wanted to talk to you for some time..." I began.

She looked at me expectantly, and then when I didn't continue, her curiosity got the better of her. "About what, didi?" she asked.

"Well, you are a pretty girl and your mother... she asked me to talk to you," I lied.

A wariness came into her eyes. She got the meaning of where I was going. All girls had this talk at some point in their lives. Usually it was their mothers but now I was talking to Ananya about it. She didn't suspect that her mother hadn't asked me to talk to her.

"So do you have a boyfriend?" I asked her.

Her eyes widened a bit and she ducked her head, her fingers nervously starting to play with the folds of her skirt. "No, didi," she muttered.

"Sure?" I asked.

"I promise, didi. There is nothing like that," she said in a reassuring voice, still looking down into her lap.

"Hmmm...." I looked at her downturned head for a few seconds. "So no boyfriends..."

She shook her head no.

"What about kissing?" I asked next.

"How can I kiss when I don't have a boyfriend?" she asked in return.

"Oh come on! You can kiss your girlfriends to see how it feels, right? Experimenting?"

Her eyes met mine, horrified. "No, didi! Nothing like that," she burst out.

"Okay, so you have not been kissed at all," I persisted.

"No, I promise."

We were silent for a minute.

"Don't you wonder what it's like?" I asked next.

"No..." she said in a small voice.

"No?"

"Didi, this is so embarrassing," she murmured.

I reached out a hand and caressed her shoulder. "You can tell me, Ananya. You can think of me as your friend. At least, it is better than to have this conversation with your mother, right?" I joked.

A small smile played around her lips.

"Do you ever feel ticklish in your stomach when you think about sex?" I asked.

I saw her swallow. She didn't say anything.

I moved closer to her on the sofa and lay my hand around her. My other hand clasped her nervous fingers in mine and I squeezed gently. "Ananya, think of me as a friend and tell me your feelings, okay?"

She nodded hesitantly.

"Do you think about sex?"

She nodded a yes.

I felt myself getting aroused. 

"Do your nipples get hard?

She nodded yes.

"And do you touch them?"

She was silent and still as a statue.

"When they are hard and brush against your bra or against your blouse, does it send tingles through your body?"

"Didi..." she choked out.

"Are they hard now, Ananya?"

She just took a deep breath and shuddered.

Slowly, I started bringing my hand up to touch her chest. 

She sank into the back of the sofa and almost stopped breathing.

"I am just confirming since you won't answer me," I said lightly and placed my hand on her breast. 

I cupped her small breast in my palm and held my hand to her, not moving. Finally I was getting to do what I had done only in my hundreds of fantasies. I pressed my hand a little and Ananya's breath left her in an explosion. She started breathing in small gasps through her opened lips. I cupped my hand firmly on her breast and started pumping it like a blood pressure cuff in my hand. Ananya's hands went crazy clutching and unclutching bunches of her skirt. Her breath grew even more ragged and I could actually hear her heart fluttering in her chest like a little bird's.

"Don't be afraid," I whispered to her. "Every girl goes through this. Every girl does this. It is innocent, just experimenting. There is nothing wrong with it."

"What... what am I... why are you..." she stammered breathlessly and then stopped in confusion.

"Shhh," I soothed her. "Don't get nervous, Ananya. I am just showing you how nice it feels when your breasts are touched. Since you said you haven't done anything like this, I want you to know what it feels like," I said.

"But didi..." she began.

"Shhh. Don't talk," I commanded.

With that I turned her face towards me and leaned down to her desirable lips. Her unkissed lips. Considering the lust I had for her body, I controlled myself like a saint and just gave her a moist kiss on her closed lips. Then I pressed my lips against hers. Oh God! They were so soft. Like rose petals. 

I started nibbling on her mouth as she just sat there and took my sweet assault. After what seemed like the longest time, I put my thumb on her chin and pulled it down. Her lower lip slid open and I inserted my tongue in a smooth motion. She gasped and tried to wriggle away but I was ready for her. I made soothing murmurs and kept on nibbling and sucking on her sweet lips. I kept inserting my tongue in her mouth and sweeping it about in the inner side of her lips. 

She was still trying to pull away and I was getting impatient of the tight control I had of myself. I wanted her naked with her ripe body open to me in every way. My brain skittered to pictures of her lying wantonly with her legs open, presenting herself to me in the most intimate way possible. 

Impatiently, I moved away from her lips and looked into her face. "Open your lips wide, Ananya," I ordered, my voice thick in its arousal.

But she bit her lower lip in nervousness. Her chest rose and fell with the wild way she was breathing.

I got distracted by her breasts and captured one of her small mounds again. "So soft," I murmured, squeezing her gently. "Tell me how I make you feel when I kiss you and touch you like this, Ananya," I whispered on a ragged breath.

She shook her head from side to side and I felt her nervousness increasing. 

"Shhh. It's okay. You don't have to answer. It's okay." I soothed her in the voice I would use to calm a crying baby. Taking her lips up into a kiss again, I played with her breasts. My heart leapt as I found her hardened nipple. So she wasn't unaffected! I took up the hard nub between my thumb and fingers and started rolling it until I felt Ananya tremble.

"Yes. Feels good, doesn't it?" I said against her moist mouth. "Feels so good."

By this time, Ananya was half drugged by what was happening. She was nervous, no doubt about it, and maybe shocked too. But now I knew that what I was doing was affecting her body just the way mine had yearned for her for a long time. I was playing her vulnerable spots expertly.

It was time to move further and take this to a place where there was no coming back.

I started opening her button down shirt in the front. 

At first she didn't know what I was doing, she was so drugged. But as soon as it penetrated her fogged brain, she started struggling.

I broke off from her and applied both my hands to the job. "Shh, Ananya. Don't struggle or the shirt will tear," I cautioned.

"Didi, no... please..." she kept struggling and trying to bat my hands away.

I looked her directly in the eyes and made my voice hard. "Ananya, stop struggling. If the shirt tears, then you will go disgraced back to your house. How will you tell them what happened if they ask? What if you father sees you in that condition?"

She stilled momentarily with the notion of the horrifying image I had painted.

That was all the time I needed. I had her unbuttoned to the waist, and slipped my hand in. I found the understrap of her bra and nimbly slid my hand under that too. Finally I was in contact with her naked breast! And it was the softest of flesh I had ever touched!

Her breast fitted into my hand completely and I started to knead her. My mouth found its way back to her sweet lips like a drug I couldn't let go off. She was now sitting docilely, all struggles ceased. I didn't know whether she was just in shock at what was happening or beginning to accept it or just too overcome with lust like I was at touching her naked flesh. 

I was overflowing with pussy juice. I could feel myself slick and slippery down there. Even if I moved the slightest amount, I could feel my soggy panties wet with my cum sliding against me. It made me want to throw off my clothes and Ananya's too but I had to proceed slowly and not scare off this sweet little virgin.

"So soft," I murmured against her lips as I spread the ends of her shirt farther and exposed more of her. "Such a lovely, sweet girl," I whispered to her before bending my head and taking her now exposed breast into my mouth. I heard her take in a breath sharply as I closed my mouth over the nipple. I suckled ferociously, laving her nipple with my tongue every few sucks and fondling the rest of the softness with my hand. I snuck my hand down to her stomach then and slipped a middle finger into her navel. 

She arched up with a moan at that and almost dislodged me from her breast. 

I slid my hand out and moved back to kiss her open mouth. She was soft and pliant in my arms by now. Drugged to the point of no return and mine to do with as I wanted. I saw her half sitting, half lying on my sofa with her eyes closed and her mouth open in a sigh. 

I captured that open rosebud mouth and moved to the next stage. Bunching her skirt in my hand, I exposed her creamy thighs. There was no resistance. She was far too gone now to struggle. I had no trouble adjusting her so that my hand could access her panty clad pussy. At my first brush at the apex of her legs, I felt her moan into my mouth. 

I pressed my hand hard against her and felt her welcome moist softness. She was so warm and ready. Her panties were wet with eagerness and I felt myself release more juices at her open surrender. I had waited so long for it! Now it was mine. She was mine to take and do with as I wanted.

I lifted my head and looked at her supple body lying pliant in my arms, her clothes in disarray, her breasts open to my roving gaze. My hand was placed in her most private of places. I rubbed her intimately and saw her lips tremble in reaction. 

My sweet beautiful, Ananya. My lovely virgin lying before me. 

I spread her legs farther apart to gain greater access. My hands passed that final barrier between us. I slid her panties to one side and dipped my hand into her honeyed wetness. She was so wet! My fingers were instantly coated with her juices. I burrowed past her pussy lips and felt her centre. I probed her with one finger. So small. I pushed against her and felt her tense up a little. I withdrew my finger a bit and found her little nub with my thumb. 

As soon as I brushed her hard little core, she rose against my hand. 

"You like that?" I asked her softly. 

I continued circling and rubbing her little clit with my thumb while my finger stayed at her entrance, ready. Her breath was coming in short gasps now and I felt her body tensing up with each strum of my thumb. I played her body like an instrument, seeing her breasts rising and falling rapidly with indrawn breaths and gasps as I finger fucked her. My virgin was splayed open in front of my eyes, getting fucked like I had always imagined in my dreams.

My strokes got faster and faster, and in tune with it, her breaths got more ragged. She kept rising herself to my hand, to better position her pelvis against my tormenting thumb. I flicked her clit as hard and as fast I could, increasing the tempo, rubbing into her as she thrust herself up into my hand. She was moaning and moving her head from side to side now and I felt her buck once, twice, then go completely still before whole body tremors ran down her entire length and she thrashed like a puppet on a string.

As her explosive orgasm ran through her, I knew my chance. I clasped her to myself and pushed my finger firmly inside of her. She let out a cry and her hand clamped down on my wrist as I thrust myself deeper into her. 

"Babli didi... didi, no..." she gasped.

"Shhh... Ananya... sweet darling," I murmured into her ear. "It will be over in a minute."

She squirmed but her orgasm was still running through her and she did not have the strength to stop me from burying my finger up to its length inside of her virgin pussy. I milked her clit with my thumb as she rode her high, all the while my finger submerged in her tight warm softness.

She eventually wound down and came to rest with her face on my chest, her arm draped over my shoulder and her breath slowing down to normal. 

"Ananya?" I said softly.

She didn't respond.

I slid my finger out a fraction and slid it in again. 

I felt her breath catch.

"Does it hurt, sweetie?" I asked.

I felt a faint nod against my chest.

I moved my thumb which still rested against her clit a fraction of an inch.

This elicited a shiver.

"And this?" I asked.

She didn't respond.

I applied a tiny bit of pressure.

"Please..." she whispered, barely audible.

"Let me take it out, okay? It might hurt a little," I cautioned.

I felt her tense and pulled myself out as quickly as I could. My finger left her depths with a wet plop and I heard her let out a little mew.

I saw a few flecks of blood on my fingers mixed with her wetness when I inspected it. I had taken her virginity. I gathered her to me and hugged her to me like I would a small child. She pulled her legs close and sighed against my chest. 

"You were so brave," I said, smoothing her hair back over her shoulders. "And so sweet, so soft." I caressed her back and then slipped my hand down to her round ass. I cupped her and pulled her towards me. 

She in turn snuggled up and slid her arms around me.

We sat like that for a long time but eventually I could take it no longer. My mind had started complaining that I had her in my arms and I was just wasting the time. 

I shifted a little and she raised herself off me, trying to pull away.

"Wait, Ananya. I have to inspect you," I said.

She shrank back. "What? How?"

"To see that I haven't hurt you."

She looked at me apprehensively. 

"It's required," I said firmly as I took up her wrist. "Lie down here now."

I got up and pushed her down gently on one end of the sofa with her head resting on one arm and lifted her legs to lay them straight out in front of her. I lifted her skirt up to expose her and then pulled her panties down and off. When I started to arrange her legs, she held them closed.

"Ananya, I have to look," I said. "Please help me to make sure you are okay."

She grudgingly let me part her legs. I opened them as wide as I could. My first look at her would be magnificent. I took one of her legs and draped it over the back of the sofa and the other one I placed on the floor. She was spread open as far as she could be. 

I drank in the sight of her naked pussy. I reached out and slowly parted her pussy lips. She was so delicate. As my fingers opened her up, I could see more flecks of blood stuck to her inner thighs, all the way to her centre, where she was bright red. I fingered her and she shifted uncomfortably. 

"Ananya, there is some blood. I will have to clean it up," I told her.

"I can do it myself," she whispered, not meeting my eyes.

"No. I will do it," I said firmly. "Come with me."

I took hold of her wrist, got her up and walked her to the bathroom. I unbuttoned her skirt and let it fall to the floor. "Sit." I motioned towards the pot. 

She slowly obliged. Her legs were close together as she sat.

I moved into a crouch and parted them. "Open your legs wide, Ananya. I need to see your pussy to wash it," I said soothingly.

I took a tumbler full of water and started washing her. With one hand I poured and with the other, rubbed her pussy of blood and her juices. It was the most intimate thing anyone could ever do and I felt like I could burst with my orgasm as I held my face before her and washed her soft folds. I kept pouring water and gliding my hand between her legs even when she was clean because I just felt like I couldn't stop.

Finally, I stopped pouring water and just held my hand against her pussy. "Pee," I commanded her.

Ananya looked shocked.

I caressed her folds. "Come on, pee," I urged her.

She bit her lip.

I kept caressing her gently, back and forth, and just when I thought that she wouldn't obey me, I felt warm urine wash over my hand. I kept rubbing my hand into her, almost purring with contentedness. When the last trickles dribbled down my hand, I again washed her thoroughly and led her into my bedroom.

"Let me dry you," I said, taking up a towel. I manoeuvred her into a squat and started rubbing the towel into her pussy. She took it for a minute before trying to move away. I let her.

"Lie on the bed," I directed.

"I... have to go home," she hedged.

"Ananya, I have to apply something on your pussy," I told her. "It was your first time and you are so delicate. It was rubbed raw. It is red like the flesh of a watermelon. I have to put ointment on it," I stated.

She reluctantly moved over to the bed and lay down. I again spread her legs as wide as I could and gazed at my fantasy. It was exactly as I imagined it. The combination of innocence and wantonness all in the young girl. I took up a tube of ointment and situated myself between her legs. Taking a liberal amount, I started spreading it on her. As my fingers kneaded the greasy liniment into her softness, I felt like seducing her all over again. 

I looked at her young face with her eyes closed and her lashes against her flushed cheeks. Her shirt was still gaping open and her legs were laid open again to my ministering hands. This time I just couldn't wait to go the slow way and just slipped a finger into her immediately. 

She inhaled sharply but didn't give any other indication of the intrusion. I started sliding my finger in and out of her in slow strokes. She lay still and pliant.
