 It's evening and we're on our couch, the curtains drawn. Both tired from a long day of work and life and traffic and appointments. We relax into the cushions and let them hold us up. 

She at one end, I on the other. I lay out long on my side, she on the chaise sitting up, like the cross of my T. We are both on our phones, catching up with it all, the TV in the background. I mute the ads and put my phone down, letting my eyes enjoy her form. They travel lazily down my long legs, stockings on, shoes kicked off on the floor next to us. My feet playfully knead on her left thigh as I take her in. A Rubenesque goddess, all soft milky skin and the deepest ocean eyes. Hair thick and curving around her face that I love. I'm quietened and at the same time so noisy - every heartbeat getting stronger and louder as the blood pumps around and around. 

She can feel me looking at her, and wordlessly she places her phone on the arm of the couch. She fixes me with her gaze and we lock eyes for a few breaths. I can see it all unfolding and hear my breath get slightly caught as I melt into the couch while she takes me in. We're slow to start, and I like it.. the anticipation sends quivers up my spine and in my pussy and I hold very, very still. My hairs stand on end and I don't break our erotic staring competition as she holds up a finger to her lips - "shhhh" and I nod - a movement that would be imperceptible to anyone but she. But we've known one another a good nine years now, and she reads the lines on my body and the shade of my eyes and the length of my silences like a recipe. 

I know the game is that I stay very quiet and don't react no matter how I need to. I never win but I'll keep trying. She reaches her hands over and strokes my shins, feather soft. I try to keep my breath from getting out of control, from losing it too soon. I want this to go forever. She stands and quickly, silently, places her fingers inside the waistbands of my stockings and my underwear and peels them down and off, still with those crashing waves under hooded eyelids looking deep into mine. She doesn't look down at my body, just hooks her fingers under my knees and pulls them up so I'm laying completely exposed to her from the waist down - my skirt bunched up under my boobs and she says nothing, nothing as she raises an eyebrow and reaches under my left buttock to grab a firm hold. With her right hand she scratches up the back of my right thigh and teases my skin, knowing full well I want her to fingerfuck me right now, yesterday, immediately, all at once or I might die from wanting her so badly. 

But I'm left quaking and waiting. I keep looking, looking, searching... and she knows I'm starting to think bratty thoughts about flipping her onto the floor and grinding into her, holding her hands above her head at the wrists. Then removing her pyjama pants and undies with my teeth before I eat her pussy for the rest of the night. 

I wouldn't dare. 

So I wait and just feel each nerve ending as anything she gives me connects with any part of me. A light scratch here, a soft kiss there, she presses her lips to the side of my neck and the room starts spinning and I realise I forgot to breathe for a while. Then the contact becomes more firm and I'm completely disappearing as she gathers my hair and pulls, as she whispers and then bites my ear hard, as she finds my stockings and covers my eyes with them so I'm down a sense and all the others are magnified. I'm now pieces of stardust hurtling into nothing as she runs a finger over my vulva and chuckles softly at how I'm dripping for her and I tilt my hips, an invitation which she at last, at last, at last accepts. Two, three fingers deep and I'm gasping but the game is forgotten and we're locked together - her fingers deep inside me, her thumb circling round and round my clit, one finger playfully stroking my G spot. My arms are wrapped around her and I try to stay quiet by kissing her deep and long, nuzzling into her delicious neck and raising every goosebump I can find. 

I guide the fingers of her left hand to my nipple and invite her to squeeze hard as she fucks me, plunging in and out slowly and then hard and rough. I'm still in the dark, still feeling everything so keenly - her musky smell is driving me crazy and all I want to do is devour her, swallow her whole, but she keeps changing the rhythm and I can't keep up or think or do anything but feel every fucking delicious morsel of our couch rendezvous. I'm everything and nothing and completely gone and never more present as she takes me again and again and then I'm on the floor on my knees, naked and bent over with my upper half on the couch and she's behind me with a hand wrapped around me playing with my clit, and a very nicely sized cock strapped to her thigh. She fucks me from behind with it and when I cry out she puts a finger in my mouth, and I suck my own juices from it, hungrily wanting hers as I come and come and come. 

Not tonight, she whispers huskily in my ear. You'll have to earn it, tomorrow. And I fold into her arms, and she chuckles softly at me and how I want her so ravenously, holding my breasts tenderly. My tremors last an untold time and she whispers hungrily into my ears how my only job tonight is to come when she makes me come. That nothing else exists. And so I surrender to her, my favourite love.