  

NOTE: This story is an original story written by myself, Desert Princess, and is only authorized for publication at Literotica. Any other form of publication is prohibited without obtaining explicit approval from the author.



Until I moved to another state and a far bigger city, I was your classic Midwestern small town girl. Well, maybe not that classic. I wasn't living on a farm or getting my pig high. My hometown was fairly big to my standards and yes, it contained more than 3 gas stations. 

Anyway. 

I had dozens of friends, people I had known since I was knee high. I graduated from high school at an average B, didn't need a car because EVERYTHING was in walking distance, and all the little kids in the neighborhood loved me, so instead of getting a real job, I created a daycare in the basement of my grandma's house where I lived rent free. With a constant flow of money (for there were TONS of kids) and no bills to pay, I was living large and having fun at barely 18. 

Life... was good. 

Yes, it was all fine and dandy, but I was majorly lacking in some areas. Mainly one. I was one of the three virgins left from my senior class. You hear those stories about small town girls with nothing else to do? Makes you wonder at why there were so many little kids running around. I would hear tales of my best friend Mary's sexual exploits and could get so hot and bothered by the thought of it that I'd have to excuse myself to use the restroom. It used to be that my other best friend Anna and I would live vicariously through Mary's stories, as Anna was a virgin too, then she went off and not only had sex, but got pregnant too, so it was just me. 

Truth be known, I knew just about nothing to do with sex. Sure, we had sex ed, and I could recite off different parts of the vagina, but it's hard to get excited about sex when your teacher is an 80 year old former math-turned-sex ed teacher. I would read the romance novels, but what does "his throbbing manhood" do for you? I wanted details. 

Alas, my true problem comes out. I was scared to death of having sex. I could not digest the idea of some guy sticking his penis (a.k.a love machine, hotrod, meat, tool, feel free to insert your own word here) inside of me. The thought was just terrifying. 

Now, I said there were 3 virgins left from my senior class, and after Anna played with the one-eyed monster, that just left Vanessa. Vanni had a story just like mine. When I lost Anna to the virgin cause, I struck up a friendship with Vanni and shared the sex stories with her. We became close and often swapped fantasies. 

Now I know you must be thinking that if 2 girls made it through high school as virgins, they had to be downright ugly. This is not the case. At least not in my eyes. Vanni was gorgeous, a blonde haired, green eyed body of perfection. In all my years of knowing her, I don't think she ever had a pimple. She was scrubbed clean, all American peaches and cream. I have long dark strawberry blonde hair and blue eyes, a petite frame and one of those bodies that can't gain enough weight. (Trust me, if I could, I'd add at least 10 lbs.) 

Almost a year went by and no sex for us. By now, Anna gave birth to little Marc, a beautiful little boy who was prone to 3 hour long screaming marathons, probably got that from his shit-for-brains father. And Mary was pregnant and eloped to the librarian who's name was, get this, Joseph. My little daycare expanded into a full fledged center with 4 assistants which was located right next door to Wal-Mart. Vanni and I were still close as ever, even closer now that she lived a few houses down from me. 

Life... was good. 

It was about this time that I started to notice some changes. Vanni had the most beautiful laugh and smile, and I would stare of into space thinking about this until I was snapped into attention by some crisis or another. I would find myself often in these daydreams where Vanni and I were all alone and we would have so much fun together, without any interferences. It got so bad that once, I was masturbating and couldn't get off, but when Vanni drifted into my mind, I started to get excited and worked myself into a frenzy until I felt guilty and took a shower. 

It didn't help that Vanni and I were naturally unshy about ourselves and often changed in front of one another without a second thought. We had just finished sunbathing and Vanni was stripping off her one piece suit. All the sudden, my throat was dry, and my clit started to throb in tune with my heartbeat. Her skin was glistening with sunning lotion and the contrast between tan legs and the lightly coloured pubic hair was almost too much for me. I excused myself and ran for the bathroom where I fingered myself into oblivion. 

After this incident, times with Vanni were now confusing. I felt guilty and ashamed of my thoughts and sexually pleased with them at the same time. I didn't want to see her, for fear of somehow letting her know that she was now my only spank bank member, but I would die if I didn't. 

Life... really sucked now. 

Around this time we had a horrible spring storm which flooded Vanni's house, which was in the basement of a tri-level, 3 apartment house. Normally she would have stayed with the older lady upstairs, but the lady had this annoying yapping dog, so she begged me for some space. Now, I had Vanni in my bed as I slept on the floor and my sex dreams were every night. I didn't get much sleep. 

Two nights passed in agony and I tried to get on with my normal routine, but things were just not the same. Vanni was in my every thought, breath, heartbeat and now in my room so that I felt as if I were being consumed by her. My problem was that I liked it but wanted her consumed with me too and I just knew that she would drop me as a friend if I told her my secret. But all that changed after that night. 

I had rolled out my sleeping bag as I always did and performed my before-bed things. Vanni was returning to her house tomorrow as the rest of her carpet was drying that very evening. We went to bed as usual and I managed to drop off into an untroubled sleep. When I woke up, my heart was thudding and something was wrong. By habit, I didn't move a muscle until I figured it out. Something wet and warm was moving on my right breast and since the room was completely dark, my eyes couldn't adjust to see what it was. 

Suddenly, I heard a moaning, then felt something soft move across my face as the wet and warm thing attacked my left breast. I was still dumb with sleep and confused when I felt something stiff rub against my underwear clad crotch. It took about half a second to realize that the moaning was Vanni and that the wet and warm thing was her tongue on my nipples. I closed my eyes and arched slightly to assist her assault on my breasts. She froze momentarily as I feigned sleep, then tentatively licked my nipples again. 

I was quickly aroused by her manipulations and could feel my underwear slowly soaking as she rubbed something hard against my clit. My legs ere separating slowly, encouraging her to rub harder and go deeper. Her tongue was still at my breasts, switching to one another after a few moments and the light, gentle biting she did was driving me wild. 

This continued for a few minutes, then she started to ease my underwear down my legs. I didn't move for fear that she would stop and leave me hanging. Once the resistance was removed, I felt Vanni's fingers lightly touch me. Each touch was electrified and caused me to jump a bit. Her touch was unsure, probing for just the right spot. Her fingers finally found the hood of my excited clit and gently began to massage it, paying attention to the surrounding areas as well. Her tongue began again, this time circling my belly button and kissing the soft areas of my stomach. 

My body was moving involuntarily now, my hips restless and moving to her touch. I felt as if I were a finely tuned instrument and Vanni was testing my strings. I couldn't stop the sighs that were now coming from my throat, nor the little gasps of breath either. She was increasing her speed in her actions and would put me on the brink of orgasm then slow and pull me back. 

This mind-blowing assult was too much and I didn't care if she knew if I was awake or not. I cried out, "Oh God, Vanni," then again as she lowered her head and began lapping at the juices that were flowing from me. Her mouth was creating havoc onto my body as her tongue swirled my clit, then darted quickly in and out of my pussy. Her fingers were part of the action as well, taking over where her tongue stopped and making my body sing. I felt as if I were being swallowed whole by this pleasure-giving creature who could read my every thought and knew just what to do next. 

I could feel my insides quaking under the strain of holding back. My legs were wobbly and trying to hold Vanni's head at my pussy for as long as they could. I felt a brief orgasm pass, then a much larger one building as Vanni was relentless in her eating of my body. Each tonguing brought me closer and closer until I just couldn't hold it any longer and I felt as if I burst with pleasure into a billion pieces. Each piece was satisfied, then slowly rejoined to leave me lying on the floor trying to catch my breath with Vanni at my side. 

I lay there as my breath slowed and then my pleasure grew as Vanni said, "I knew you were awake. You liked it, huh?" I smiled. 

Life... was good.