 Malee first went to the Buddhist temple in Liverpool on the recommendation of a friend. She was studying on a short term course at the local university. It was a big step for her moving from Bangkok to study in UK but she wanted to improve her English to give her a chance of getting nursing jobs outside of Thailand. Malee is an attractive girl when she makes the effort but at other times tends to be a bit Tomboysih – a not surprising look seeing she had a tendency to be bisexual. 

Aside from the fact she was a firm Buddhist, one of the reasons she went along to the temple was due to the reputation of the Abbot as being an inspirational figure and very strong in teaching and practicing meditation.

She quickly found that the abbot's reputation was well founded and she very soon became one of his group of dedicated disciples. She also formed some good friendships with the other women at the temple. She was particularly fascinated by Tip, a very attractive and intelligent woman in her late 30s, who was the force that ran the temple, organising all the functions and providing strong support to the Monks. Tip seemed to have a very special relationship with the abbot, Luangpoh, attending to his every whim with complete devotion and dedication. This total devotion also inspired Malee although she wondered how it was affecting the relationship between Tip and her English husband. 

Tip devoted an extraordinary amount of time at the temple and on temple business and her devotion to Luangpoh appeared on closer examination to be more than just a passing infatuation. But Tip was also a devout Buddhist and a leading member of the community and it was unthinkable that there could be a physical relationship between Tip and Luangpoh, after all Buddhist monks were forbidden from any physical contact with women. 

Others in the temple were similarly inspired by Luangpoh, the two most notable being Paweena and Pranee. They were a very close and affectionate group who attended the temple two or three times per week and were regular attendees at the various festivals at the temple and at the retreats that were run from time to time.

With her regular attendance at the temple, Malee found herself to be gradually gaining acceptance with this core group of disciples so she was overjoyed when Tip approached her and invited her to attend the next special retreat to be held at a farmhouse near the beach to give a suitable fresh atmosphere for the event. The retreat was to be a special retreat focussing on positive meditation and strong support for others who may be troubled and stressed and for Malee as a new member of the "special disciples" group. This was particularly relevant to Pranee who has recently had some marital troubles which saw her very stressed and uptight. 

They travelled down to the farmhouse early Friday afternoon in two cars with Tip and Pranee taking Luangpoh in Tip's car and Paweena and Malee in the other. They arrived about 3pm and immediately began setting up the Buddha image and a platform for Luangpoh to sit, suitably elevated so it was natural for them to look up to him. There were mats and cushions laid out in front of the platform for the ladies to kneel on when chanting and meditating.

They commenced the initial chanting session at 5pm – followed an hour of silent meditation and then had a further chanting session.

For the retreat, as per normal procedure all the disciples were dressed in pure white. What slightly surprised Malee was that the outfits that the other disciples were wearing were very see-through and the outlines of their underwear were clearly visible and the necklines much lower than Malee expected. Malee could not help but notice Luangpoh staring intently at the view he was presented when the ladies bowed (a very frequent procedure in Buddhist ceremonies). She merely dismissed this as a fashion statement although, given her bisexual tendencies, she was personally turned on by what she saw.

After this second session Luangpoh gave a Dhamma talk (a sort of a sermon to the uninitiated). During the Dhamma talk, Luangpoh emphasised the need for the group to show their strong support for each other, to be strong and supportive to Pranee following her recent stressful time, and to provide Pam a suitable welcome to the community, and in particular to the inner circle of disciples.

After the Dhamma talk, Luangpoh retired to his sleeping room and the disciples gathered their sleeping gear and set up their bedding in the communal sleeping area.

As they started to settle down, Tip turned to Pranee and asked how she was feeling and would she like to have a massage to help her relax from her recent stresses. She gratefully accepted the offer.

From this point Malee started to be surprised by developments. Tip reminded the ladies Luangpoh's suggestion that the best way to show the "strong support" he recommended was for individuals to become physically close with some "big hugs" and "sweet kisses" and that the best relaxing massage would be with the use of special oils which had been blessed by Luangpoh. Tip suggested that this would be an excellent treatment for Pranee and for the massage it would be best if she stripped down to her panties. Pranee did not hesitate and immediately stripped down to her underwear – a pure white set consisting of a lacy thong and a bra which generously promoted her limited assets.

Then the real surprise – the "big hugs and sweet kisses". Tip moved to Pranee and took her in her arms with a "big hug" and some "sweet kisses" which very quickly grew to much more than just "sweet" as Tip was obviously inserting her tongue deeply into Pranee's mouth and it was equally obvious that Pranee was responding with great passion.

Tip instructed Pranee to lie face down on the mat and applied a generous amount of the blessed oil and started to work on Pranee's shoulders with a firm massage of her shoulders. Tip then worked down her back to the top of Pranee's shapely bottom before moving down to her feet and giving her thorough foot massage.

Malee was watching all this intently and starting to feel a warm glow between her legs and her nipples were starting to rise within the confines of her bra. She suddenly aware that Pawanee was now sitting very close behind her and was a little surprised when she felt soft hands starting to caress her shoulders and neck. She froze to the spot, enjoying the caresses but in doubt as to how she should react. 

This was obviously part of her "welcome" so she decided to just relax and enjoy the feelings that were developing in her and her eyes went back to the scene developing in front of her. 

Tip's foot massage had finished and she was now massaging Pranee's slender legs with long strokes from the ankles up to the tops of her legs. As the massage developed Tip's fingers moved up to firmly caress the cheeks of Pranee's bottom before sweeping down to the ankles again. It was noticeable that Pranee was now breathing very deeply and as the massage intensified, her legs were gradually moving apart with Tip's reaction to start to include the inner part of her thighs and brush her most sensitive areas which were already glittering with the obvious arousal that the massage was producing.

Malee was entranced and was not surprised that she was starting to feel very aroused herself, her arousal being encouraged by Pawanee's soft hands on her very sensitive neck sending strong shivers down her body and increasing the moist feeling she was experiencing she watched Tip indicate to Pranee that she should turn over to her back and starting at her feet repeated the teasing massage up her body until reaching Pranee's perfectly shaped breasts. By this stage her nipples were sharp erect little points and Pranee let out an urgent gasp as Tip's hands  proceeded to commence a languorous and teasing massage of Pranee's breasts, tweaking the nipples and encouraging little yelps of pleasure as she did so.

The massage Malee was receiving encouraged her to relax and she gently leaned back until she was resting on Pawanee's soft breasts. This in turn encouraged a bolder approach as the massaging hands stretched around and down to Malee's own breasts, kneading, and squeezing and then lifting the bra up so direct access could be gained to the soft flesh beneath.

In front of her, Tip had dispersed all pretence of "just a massage" and was now flicking her tongue over the prominent nipples offered to her eliciting a low moan of pleasure from Pranee lips. Perhaps encouraged by this Pawanee gently turned Malee's head around and delicately placed her lips on Malee's. Shock was quickly replaced with a warm glow as Pawanee's tongue began to probe deeper and to swirl around with Malee's own tongue. Warm feelings began to flood through Malee's body.

Although there was a certain shock from this approach, given her bisexual tendencies she was very rapidly becoming excited and decided to just relax, enjoy and see what developed. 

In fact things were developing very rapidly. In front of her, Tip and Pranee were reduced to identical skimpy thongs that Pranee Tip was becoming very aggressive with a determined attack with her tongue on Pranee's soft breast while kneading the other with her fingers, tweaking the nipple until it rose to a sharp point. Pranee swooned and just lay back to enjoy it but Tip was in a determined move and after removing her own thong, she proceeded to also remove Pranee's and move her body over Pranee into the classic 69 position and the two of them started to writhe in ecstasy.

Paweena also decided that the aggressive approach was appropriate and reached around and slipped Malee's blouse over her head and completely removed the bra that was now in the way. She laid Malee back on the mat and started a serious assault on her breasts with her lips while her hand moved down to gently caress the front of Malee's bikini panties. As Pawanee moved her lips down her stomach Malee noticed that Tip and Pranee were now moaning intensely, sounding like they were very close to climaxing together. They were not being very quiet and Malee wondered whether Luangpoh was a heavy sleeper for surely the sound must be reaching his bedroom.

However these thoughts were quickly banished as she felt her panties being pulled down her legs and suddenly felt Paweena's silky tongue commencing long sweeps from the bottom to the top of her pussy, pausing at the top to swirl around her clit before sweeping back down again. As she settled back to enjoy the exquisite feelings that were now sweeping through her body, the moans from the other mat became very intense and she took a quick look to see both Tip and Pranee shaking and quivering as they both reached what looked like sensational climaxes. 

However she quickly forgot them as her own body was starting to go into overdrive through the delicate ministrations of Paweena. However she did not forget them for long as suddenly she felt the soft and very moist lips of Pranee attaching themselves to one of her breasts and start swirling around the sensitive nipple. Almost immediately Tip also moved over and brushed her equally moist lips to Malee's then Malee felt a tongue gently probing into her own mouth. As their tongues meshed together Malee realised that she was getting a double trait with the sweet flavour of a tongue which had just brought Pranee to a climax, now probing deeply into her mouth.

With the concentrated focus of these three beautiful women, Malee's body very rapidly moved into overdrive and, conscious as she was not to make too much noise, She was emitting a muffled but never the less loud moan through the kiss she was receiving from Tip. Once the ladies realised that Malee was nearing her own climax they also upped the pace with Tip moving down and attacking her other breast and Pawanee moving her primary focus to Malee's clit, sucking it like she was giving it a blow job and then sweeping down her pussy, back up to little circles around her clit before again resuming the intense sucking of her clit.

It was all too much for Malee. She felt her legs start to shake and her hips were twisting so wildly that Pawanee had to grip her very tightly to maintain her attack. With delicious feelings flooding her whole body, Malee suddenly let out a loud shriek and rose her hips again to increase the pressure on her clit as she erupted into a mind-blowing climax which must have lasted for 30 seconds as the three women attacking her clung on to her body which was shaking uncontrollably. It was without doubt the most intense orgasm she had ever had and she just collapsed into a semi coma and lay prone on the mat while the other ladies detached themselves and gathered around her.

In fact at that stage Tip reached over to a parcel on a nearby chair and moved back to Malee saying "Congratulations! You have passed your initiation ceremony to be a special Nun for Luangpoh with flying colours." With that she opened the package and passed to Malee some pure white and very sexy underwear, a thong and bra set that was identical to those being worn by the other ladies.

Now time for us all to go to bed. We start tomorrow with chanting at 4 am and then at 5 am we will Luangpoh will give us the signal to start the ceremony to welcome you to our group with his special blessing.

Malee was very proud and curious as to what this ceremony might be – a curiosity increased as she saw a movement in the darkness of the hall and got brief glimpse of Luangpoh moving down the hallway to his bedroom. There were obviously no secrets in this special group!