 (c) Ally Literally 2011

Taking you in my arms, giving you a gentle and tender hug, kissing your hair, your forehead, your eyelids, your nose, your cheeks, your ears, nibbling your earlobes, caressing your hair, down to the small of your back....

Laying you down on the sofa, fluffing two pillows under your head, taking your feet in my lap, gently massaging the right foot, the arch of your foot, your ankle, the top of your foot, back to the ankle, up your calf to your knee, raising your leg up straight, bending my head to kiss and lick the back of your knee...

Gently massaging the left foot, the arch of your foot, your ankle, the top of your foot, back to the ankle, up your calf to your knee, raising your leg up straight, bending my head to kiss and lick the back of your knee...

Slowly licking and nibbling my way up your thighs, criss-crossing from left to right, up to the join where pussy meets thigh, licking the crease, crossing over to the other thigh, nibbling, kissing, licking....

Moving up to your stomach, gently licking around your navel, tonguing your navel, round and round, ticklish? Sorry, I'll stop...

Onward towards your beautiful beautiful breasts, licking the underside of each one, taking your hands and giving you your breasts to hold and lift up for me so I can get my tongue under them, licking, licking, sloooowly licking under....stop pulling your nipples, we're doing this my way....

Wetting your breasts with my tongue, going up to the upper slopes, kissing your chest, moving up, licking your neck, your chin, up to your lips, hear you breathing a little rapidly, ohhh that is so arousing, licking your lips, feeling your warm breath on my mouth and tongue, until ....

Our lips finally meet, a slow slow long caress of lips and tongues, gently exploring your mouth, opening my mouth to invite your tongue in, licking it, sucking it when it enters my mouth....

Feeling your chest heaving, feel you pushing me away from your mouth so you can take a deep breath, I do too, inhale deeply, slide down back to your breast, lick your right nipple, make it very very wet with my saliva, watch it stand up as if begging for my mouth, blow a stream of cold breath on it, watch your areola pucker up, like a rosebud on an early spring morning, move to the left breast, tease it the same way, both your nipples now erect as soldiers...

You are wriggling your hips, trying to push your legs together, you cannot as I am in the way, you push your pelvis up, wanting some friction, any friction against your pussy, trying to trap my leg between your thighs, you rub your pussy desperately against my thigh, I move back, you wrap your legs around my waist, trying to rub your pussy against anything you can, while I take your nipple in my mouth and suck it gently at first, then very hard, trying to swallow your whole breast...

Finally touch you with my hand, take your other breast, push it closer to its partner, get the two nipples together in my mouth and suck, all the while caressing the parts of your breasts that are not in my mouth, you are still trying to hump yourself against me, you have managed to turn me a little and have your pussy pressing against my hip, wetting me....

I finally take pity on you and free one hand to move down, down straight down as an arrow to the target between your open legs that is beckoning me, two fingers caress the outside of your pussy lips, one on each side, I hear you moan a little, shudder a little at the touch, I press my fingers together, pressing your beautiful pussy lips together and inwards, forcing your clit to show its face....

I only wish I had two mouths as I reluctantly let go of your breasts and follow my hand down to between your legs, still wrapped around me, I slide between your legs, leaving you up in the air with your legs still bent, as if not comprehending where the waist has gone that they were wrapped around, leaving you wide open, making it so easy for me to put my head down and start licking all around your not so little clit, made prominent by my fingers pressing your pussy lips....

Around and around your clit I go, just around, still teasing, still not touching, feel you trying to rock your body to make contact between my tongue and your clit, I move my tongue away each time, trying to prolong the agony before the ecstasy, and what ecstasy it is going to be. I can feel you running like a rivulet from between your legs, onto the sofa, staining it, I drop my eyes down and see the stain spreading, while your pussy drips drips drips almost flows onto the sofa....

I can take it no longer, I want to have that nectar in my mouth, not on the sofa, I let my fingers release your lips, they spring open right away, opening the gates of heaven for me, I slide the same two fingers into you sloooooooowly, excruciatingly slowly, follow them with my mouth, my lips latch onto your nether lips, and I start to lick, then suck, then drink from your well of goodness....

I can hear you moan as I put my fingers in you, again as I kissed you below, louder, then louder still, feel you shuddering, juddering, your stomach starts to ripple, your chest heaving, your breath rasping, I can feel you are near, very near, I take pity on you and move my mouth to your clit, take it between my lips, gently suck it and start to lash it with my tongue....

And that's all it takes as my baby clenches her thighs around my head, suffocating me, I manage to raise my nose just enough to be able to breathe and carry on licking, and nibbling, and sucking, and whipping your clit with my tongue, I feel your pussy start to clench, to squeeze my fingers inside you, I move my other hand below you and gently press one fingertip against your anus, I feel that throbbing and quivering too, and then you start to pull me to you and try to push me away at the same time as you mutter insensible words of which all I can make out is yes please and no, suddenly you let out a loud scream, a roar almost, and your legs drop to the sofa, you start to shiver and begin to curl up to one side but I am in the way, I move to let you get comfortable and then move up next to you to comfort you, relax you... 

Taking you in my arms giving you a gentle and tender hug, kissing your hair, your forehead, your eyelids, your nose, your cheeks, your ears, nibbling your earlobes, caressing your hair, down to the small of your back....