 The patter of rain on the bedroom window awoke Emma. She groaned, turned over in her bed, and looked at her clock. It was only 5:30 in the morning. She tried to go back to sleep, still having another hour until her alarm went off, but it was no use. She was awake now. She got out of bed and headed to the kitchen, where she made herself coffee and a toasted bagel with cream cheese. She sat on her sofa, looking out over the Manhattan skyline.

"Another bloody wet day," she said with a British accent. "Some things are still just like home."

Ever since she was a little girl, Emma Clarke dreamed of living in New York City. She'd visited once when she was in high school and instantly fell in love with the hustle and bustle, the bright lights, and the melting pot of cultures. When her employer offered her a transfer from the main London office to the New York City office she immediately accepted and within weeks had moved into her new apartment.

Her luxurious one-bedroom apartment was on the 56th floor of the Eugene Apartments on 31st Street in New York City. The building itself was sixty-two stories tall and featured a 4500 square-foot rooftop terrace. All of the units came already furnished, and the occupant was allowed to choose their furnishings prior to moving in. It was expensive, but Emma felt the $4000 per month price tag was well worth it. 

Emma finished her breakfast and went to take a shower. She peeled of her black tank top and panties, revealing her sexy, curvy thirty-three year old body. She started the water, which came up to temperature almost instantly. She stepped into the glass-enclosed shower; the hot water felt good running down her curvy body. Emma washed her shoulder-length chestnut-brown hair and her voluptuous body. Ten minutes later she emerged from the steaming shower. She dried off and began to do her hair and makeup. She dried her hair and decided to put it in a ponytail. She put on a light layer of makeup and lipstick then went to her closet to pick out the day's outfit. 

Being 5'9" and busty, even in New York City, hadn't proven much of a problem when finding work attire. Today she chose a grey pencil skirt and a short-sleeved sky-blue blouse. She chose a white lace bra that flattered her 40DD bust, matching panties, and nude thigh-high stockings. She slid into a pair of grey high heels that matched her skirt and headed for the elevator. 

A car was waiting for her as she exited the building. The driver, Jack, stood waiting, holding an umbrella. He walked her to the car and closed her door behind her as she slid into her seat. Jack got in the front of the black four-door sedan and pulled into the busy New York City street. 

"Any stops, today, ma'am?" Jack asked.

"Straight to the office," Emma replied.

The drive took almost forty minutes. The car pulled up to the front door of the Royal Bank of Scotland's (RBS) offices on Front Street. RBS occupied ten of the seventy floors of the office building overlooking FDR Drive and the East River. Jack opened the door for Emma and escorted her to the building's entrance. Emma took the elevator to the twenty-ninth floor. She exited and turned right, walking down the hallway to her corner office. 

Emma worked as an internal auditor for the bank's Anti-Bribery and Corruption (ABC) team. RBS had offices worldwide, and it was up to the ABC team to make sure the bank and it's staff were above reproach. Mostly the job entailed looking over financial reports from the various branches, along with employee financial records. Anything out of the ordinary or suspicious had to be investigated. Any type of financial criminal activity, no matter how small, could threaten the bank and its reputation.

"Good morning, Miss Clarke," her receptionist said. 

"Good morning," Emma smiled.

She entered her office and lit her computer. She logged on and checked her emails. She replied to the necessary ones, saved some, and deleted others. There was a knock on her office door. Emma looked up to see her personal assistant, Caroline Johnson. 

Caroline was twenty-five and very attractive. She was short, only standing 5'2". Emma guessed her weight at around 120 pounds. She had green eyes, shoulder-length blond hair, and Emma estimated her bust at 36D. Today she wore a dark green wrap dress with a black lacy cami underneath and black heels. Emma noticed how Caroline's dressed hugged her curves in all the right places. She felt herself becoming aroused. She had been attracted to Caroline since they'd met, but since they had a professional relationship, a romantic one was out of the question.

"Good morning, Caroline," Emma smiled. 

"Good morning, Miss Clarke," Caroline said, handing Emma some folders. 

"These are the financial reports from the Tokyo branch you asked for. You have a conference with the Board of Directors at ten, and I am finalizing your itinerary for your trip to Mumbai. Do you need me to get you anything?"

"No thank you, Caroline," Emma said. "Email me once you have my itinerary."

"Yes, miss."

Caroline left the room and returned to her desk. Emma had a clear view of Emma's seat from her office. She watched as her assistant sat down. As Caroline crossed her legs, Emma caught a brief glimpse up her dress. She saw Caroline's black panties. Her arousal became even stronger now. She quickly looked away, hoping Caroline hadn't seen her staring. 

Emma's meeting with the Board went well. She reported that, thankfully, there hadn't been any major issues during the last quarter. She did inform them about her trip to Singapore and why she was going.

"There have been some concerns raised by a branch manager," she told the Board. "They believe one of the employees is living a little too well for his salary. I am not jumping to any conclusions, but I will investigate and take any and all actions necessary to protect the bank."

Satisfied with her answer the conference ended. Emma went back to work, looking over financial reports from the Singapore branch in preparation for her trip. There was another knock on the door. It was Caroline again.

"Would you like me to order lunch, miss?" Caroline asked.

"Bloody hell, is it lunch time already?" Emma said. "Just get my usual please."

"Yes, miss," Caroline said. "And your itinerary is confirmed. I will email you shortly, but here is a hard-copy."

Emma looked over the document. Caroline noticed something seemed wrong.

"Is everything ok, miss?" Caroline asked.

"Oh, yes, the itinerary is satisfactory, except for one thing," Emma said. "You forgot to book yourself on the trip as well."

Emma smiled as Caroline's eyes lit up.

"You want me to go with you," Caroline asked excitedly.

"Caroline, you've been an amazing assistant, and I will certainly need your help on this trip," Emma said. "Order lunch then get yourself booked. Remember, we leave in three days."

"Yes, miss! Thank you, miss!" Caroline squealed. 

The rest of the day passed quickly. Emma finished her work, turned off the computer, said goodbye to Caroline and headed to the waiting sedan. The rain had stopped. Jack opened the car door for her and closed it when she was inside. The drive home took about an hour in the heavy traffic. On the way home Emma thought about her beautiful personal assistant. She recollected seeing her in that form-hugging dress and seeing between her gorgeous legs. Her mound began to swell. She felt her panties getting wet. Traffic was so heavy she got out of the car and walked the final three blocks, allowing Jack to get home earlier. 

Emma entered her apartment and stepped out of her shoes. She immediately went to her bedroom. She unzipped her skirt and tossed it aside. She unbuttoned her blouse and removed her bra. She noticed her nipples were erect. She moved a hand to one and began to gently play with it. She gasped.

"Fuck," she whispered.

She lay back on the bed, both her hands each playing with an erect nipple. She was dripping wet now. All she could think about was Caroline. She imagined her assistant's mouth on her sensitive breasts, her tongue flicking and sucking those erect tips. One hand moved down and slid under her panties. She could feel now just how swollen she was.

"Fuck yes," she moaned as her fingers ran along her slit. "Yes, Caroline, lick my pussy."

She moved her fingertips along her labia. They were very sensitive, causing Emma to shudder as she ran her fingers along them. Her hand made its way upward, finding her pulsing clitoris. She gently pressed her finger against it and made a circular motion. Wave upon wave of pleasure began coursing through her body now. Her soft whimpers became loud moans as she masturbated, thinking about Caroline.

"Yes, Caroline, just like that," Emma moaned. 

She imagined Caroline's head between her legs, her assistant looking up at her as she tasted her boss's sweet pussy. Emma's head went back as her fingers moved faster and faster on her clitoris. She could feel her orgasm building. Her moans became even louder. Her fingers moved even faster now on her throbbing nub. 

"Oh, Caroline, make me cum!" she moaned. 

It seemed every nerve ending in her clit was now firing. Intense pleasure now swept over her entire body. Emma pinched her nipple hard. She yelped. 

"Suck my clit, Caroline!" Emma yelled. 

Her fingers moved faster against her clit. She felt the climax about to hit. She wanted it so badly. She played with her clit as fast as she could, pinching her nipple even harder. It hurt, but it felt so good. She knew the reward of pleasure would outweigh the pain. Her climax hit. She screamed out.

"Fuck!!"

She felt herself pulsing as her pussy released. She felt herself gushing into her white panties. Her orgasm continued for what seemed like minutes. Finally it stopped. Emma lay still for several minutes, allowing her body to calm itself. She carefully slid her panties off; they were soaked with her cum. She removed her stockings as well, and put her clothes in the laundry. 

She donned a black babydoll nightie then opened up her phone to order takeout. As she ate dinner she began to think about the trip, wondering if Caroline felt the same as she did. It didn't matter. Emma had wanted Caroline for over a year but had denied herself the pleasure due to work regulations. But no more. Emma had climbed the corporate ladder by going after what she wanted without fear or hesitation, and this would be no different.