 Joanna reviewed the resume in her office as the law student waited nervously across from her. The prospective summer intern was 24 years old and sat upright with perfect posture. The girl had a genuine curiosity and eagerness which Joanna found refreshing. 

"Everything looks good here," Joanna said. "You have a good amount of work experience for someone your age. You seem ambitious and highly motivated; I like that."

Kelly gave a sigh of relief and smiled. "Thank you. I've always had a lot of energy. My mother used to joke that I worked harder than most of her coworkers."

"I can see that. Looks like you've done everything from retail to office work. Even a bit of nonprofit."

"Yeah. I knew early on that I wanted to be a lawyer, and I heard that having a lot of work experience helps with getting into law school and then getting a job afterwards."

Joanna nodded. "That's absolutely right. The field of law is extremely competitive, especially in the city. That brings me to my next question; why do you want to intern at a family law firm?"

"Well, I can certainly understand that family law deals with a lot of personal hardships that people have. But nonetheless, it's something which has to be done. If the next generation of lawyers won't step up and show interest in it, then who will? Plus your office is near the BART station, so it's convenient for me to go home after."

They both smiled at the last line.

"Those are some fairly compelling reasons, Kelly," the lawyer replied jokingly. "Especially about my office being so close to BART. God forbid you have to walk a few blocks in heels, right?"

"You've read my mind," Kelly winked.

***

That night. Joanna stayed up late reviewing her notes on the final applicants the way she normally did. As usual, she checked the various social media websites for any additional information she could find.

She quickly flipped through Facebook for the profiles of people who wanted to work for her. Whoever landed the paid internship would be trusted with a lot of confidential information, so due diligence was a must. Sometimes she'd be success in finding their pages, sometimes not. 

Before long she found Kelly's Facebook page. There was no privacy setting and Joanna was able to look at all of the pictures. She was impressed by the young woman. Each picture showed Kelly in a positive light. Kelly loved to smile and she loved to be happy. Kelly loved her parents and she wasn't afraid to show it to the world. 

Joanna continued to flip through the young woman's profile and she remained impressed. She loved Kelly's exuberance and lust for life. Deep down, a part of Joanna felt envious over the seemingly perfect life that Kelly had. She also couldn't help but notice how pretty Kelly looked.

Unlike previous years, this decision was fairly easy. She picked up the phone to call her new intern.

"Hello," Kelly answered.

"Hi Kelly, it's Joanna. I interviewed you today for the internship position."

"Of course I remember," she replied happily. "I'm glad to hear from you so soon. Was there anything else you needed to know?"

"Well, are you still interested in the summer internship position?"

"I'm very interested. I'd love to have my first legal internship with you."

"Good, because after careful consideration of all the applicants, I've decided to give you the spot. Congratulations Kelly."

"Oh wow!" Kelly replied happily. "Thank you so much Joanna. Or do I have to call you Ms. Wald from now on"

"Joanna is fine. We'll be working closely on a lot of issues so we may as well skip the formalities."

"Makes sense. I honestly wasn't expecting this because of how many students at my school are also applying to work for you. Some have a lot of legal experience. So this is great news."

Joanna felt touched by the girl's authenticity. "I'm glad you're so excited. Experience means a lot, but it's not everything. I chose you because of your energy and enthusiasm. I've been a lawyer for a long time and this line of work needs more women like you."

"Women like me?"

"Yes, women like you," she replied. "People with great attitudes deserve a shortcut to the top. Believe me, the legal profession has enough sleazy people."

"That really means a lot," Kelly said in a heartfelt tone. "Thank you. It's so encouraging hearing that from an accomplished woman like you. I know it's a lot of work but I promise I won't let you down."

"You'll do fine. Speaking of which, I made this decision earlier than I expected, and the internship doesn't officially start until two weeks. Feel like starting early?"

"You bet!" Kelly stated enthusiastically. "How does Monday sound?"

"Monday sounds great. 9 am. I'll have everything prepared for you by then and you should feel right at home in my office."

"You're not going to regret this. See you then."

"Definitely. Goodnight Kelly."

Joanna ended the call, but her computer was still on Kelly's Facebook profile pictures. The girl was beautiful. She was exuberant and full of life. There was something precious about her that reached out and grabbed Joanna's attention. 

***

Friday. The two women sat in Joanna's office after an exhausting morning in court. A heat wave had hit the city as predicted, so a good break time was definitely in need.

"What did you think of your first courtroom experience," Joanna asked as they drank soda together. "Was it everything you expected it to be?"

"It was overwhelming and underwhelming at the same time, if that makes sense. It felt like a huge honor sitting near you. I actually felt like a real lawyer. But at the same time, everything felt so clinical. It's definitely not as exciting as how it looks on tv, but a fun experience overall. I hope to be back."

Joanna smiled, "You're right about that. I agree. It's a novelty at first, but it wears off and you get used to being in a courtroom."

"Do you get used to dealing with family law?" the intern asked. "The divorce cases I mean, does it ever get easier to deal with?"

Joanna faint nodded. "Honestly, it does. When you work in this field long enough, you start becoming immune to certain things. You become callous. But then again, you never really get used to seeing certain aspects."

"Some parts are difficult for me, emotionally speaking. That only makes me want to advocate harder, I hope."

"That's because you're human. That's what I like most about you, and that's why I hired you. A lot of practicing lawyers are only motivated by money. They forget that people's lives are in the mix."

"So what's your reason?" Kelly asked with a mild suggestiveness.

"What do you mean?"

"You don't have a ring on your finger, which means you aren't married. From what I can see, you spend all your time working, which means you don't have a boyfriend either. Obviously that means you're single. So what's your reason for working all the time?"

Joanna paused for a moment. "None of the above, I suppose. I've always been a workaholic. I'm a perfectionist who's never satisfied. And I did I mention that I work too much?"

"Now that makes sense. Being a workaholic has turned out well for you, since you're always featured in the local media. Isn't that the goal of every lawyer?"

Joanna laughed, "I'll take that as a compliment."

"As you should."

"What about you?" Joanna asked. "Have you ever been in love with a man before?"

"I've been in love before. But not with a man," she smiled.

"You mean..."

"I was in love with a woman before," Kelly replied. 

Joanna partially froze and was unsure how to react. 

"Oh... That's interesting. There's obviously a lot of gay couples in this city, and I have some gay friends, so you don't have to worry about me judging you, assuming that was a fear of yours."

"If I was worried about you judging me, I wouldn't have said anything."

Joanna snapped out of her awkward mode. "I'm sorry. I shouldn't have said it like that. You know what I meant. I love gay people."

They both smiled and cringed at Joanna's horrible attempt at having a human moment. 

"I'm not gay," Kelly stated. "At least I don't think I am. It was just something that happened. None of my friends know about it. My parents definitely don't know about it either."

"Your parents sound as conservative as mine."

"Probably. They'd be livid if they ever found out that the 'boyfriend' I was telling them about was actually a girlfriend. You're the only person I've told. I don't know. I feel comfortable talking to you."

"Thanks, I'm glad you've told me this," Joanna smiled. "It's always better to have someone to confide in."

"Especially since I'm a chatterbox. It was tough holding that in and not having someone to tell."

"Now you've made me curious about this whole thing. Mind telling me how it happened?"

"No worries," Kelly smiled. "We're just having a conversation here."

"That sounds about right," she replied.

"It happened during my final year of college. In my Literature class, we were split into groups to do presentations on different topics. One of the girls in my group was Anne. Both of us desperately wanted an A in the class to keep our gpa's high, so we both worked really really hard. We talked a lot outside of class and became friends pretty fast."

"That's actually a common way for a romance to begin. It happens in the workplace all the time."

"I can see why. We used to meet at the campus cafe to discuss our project, but the conversations always turned to our personal lives instead. It felt like we were the only people in the world who understood each other. We eventually discovered that we had another thing in common..."

Kelly paused mid-sentence, waiting for her boss to figure it out.

"Both of you were curious," Joanna answered. "Was it what you expected?"

She smiled, "Even better. Her touch was soft and tender. It didn't hurt that Anne was one of the hottest chicks student on campus. All the other boys used to drool whenever she walked by. If they only knew..."

Joanna laughed. "It's always the ones you least expect. I'll admit, I've dated men who turned out to be gay. I was always stunned finding out."

"I know, right? When I moved to San Francisco, it was weird seeing how people were so proud of being gay. But then again, I guess I almost fall into that category since I secretly dated Anne for a year." 

"That sounds like a powerful experience. Dealing with these types of situation and growing from them is what makes a woman become a woman."

"Exactly," Kelly said with a nod. "So... what about you? Have you ever thought about being with another lady before? It's a common fantasy."

"No, I haven't," she replied, hoping that Kelly wouldn't notice the fib. 

"Oh, well I guess that puts you in the minority of women who haven't thought about being with other women."

Joanna forced a smile. "I guess so. I don't find anything wrong with it, or anything you've told me. I think it's great that you found someone to love, and someone who loved you back. Thank you for sharing your story with me."

"I'm glad I could tell someone and feel accepted. I'm so used to sharing my thoughts and feelings with my friends and my mother and my sister. Keeping this to myself was like torture. It was a burden I carried around because I felt like I wasn't able to be myself. But I feel comfortable around you. Thank you."

The two women looked into each other's eyes before standing up for a hug. 

***

The rest of Joanna's day was spent thinking about her conversation with Kelly. Before she went to bed that night, she logged on to Facebook to view Kelly's profile once again. 

Her view of the young intern had evolved. She no longer thought of Kelly as a lovable law student who worked for her, but as a complex young woman who represented the complexities of human sexuality. Kelly was open minded, adventurous, and wanting to be happy. Kelly was beautiful.

Joanna slid a hand down her panties while looking at the computer monitor. The screen showed a close up picture of Kelly smiling, and Joanna started to masturbate. Like many women, she's had these sorts of fantasies in the past, but never like this. Joanna fantasized about kissing her young intern. She fantasized about kissing the intern's breasts. She fantasized about kissing the intern's vagina. When that was over, Kelly returned the favor in the same fantasy. 

That was when Joanna reached her orgasm.

*** 

Monday early afternoon. The weather became hotter than expected. Everyone at the law firm wore a dressed down version of their normal attire. Joanna and Kelly both wore something similar to each other; office skirts with buttoned tops.

"What do you normally do on hot days?" Joanna asked from behind her desk.

Kelly thought for a moment. "If I'm not working or going to school, I'd probably head to the beach with my friends. Maybe I'd do a little shopping. How about you?"

"Nothing in particular. I grew up in Nevada where it's always hot. So living here in San Francisco is a breeze in comparison. Hot days like this remind me of when I was young. It's a nice feeling and I always try to enjoy it."

"That's great to hear," she replied. "I spent last summer with Anne we went around looking for the best refreshments we could find. We looked on Yelp and everything, and we literally traveled around the city just for fruit drinks and ice cream. It was kind of a small adventure."

Joanna nodded in amusement. "That sounds romantic. I'll tell you what, on a day like today, it would be a crime to keep you trapped in my office. Why don't you go and relax? Enjoy the sun. Maybe you can get yourself something nice to drink on the way home."

"Really? Awesome. Are you taking the rest of the day off too?"

"I don't think so. I'm almost done writing a motion to dismiss."

"If it's almost done, you can finish at night," Kelly said with an eyebrow raised. "I'm not leaving you here along. That would be cruel. We can get a cold drink. My treat, even though I'm kind of broke at the moment. I spent most of my money on nice office clothes, but I've got a little cash left."

Joanna smiled and appreciated the kind gesture. "I can't let you pay. I'm your boss. If you're looking for a cold drink, then how about something at my place? I bought some imported Italian soda and I hear it's great with gelato."

As soon as those words left her mouth, Joanna instantly regretted it. She had recently moved to a stunning little apartment in the downtown area, and she was so used to inviting friends and family over. But her young intern? One that she had masturbated thinking about a few times?

These were ethical dilemmas she had never faced before.

"Your place, eh? Knowing your taste in things, it must be spectacular. Joanna, I accept your offer."

Joanna forced a smile. "Great. My place it is."

***

After walking a few blocks through Market Street, Joanna took Kelly to her fancy downtown apartment. Although it was small, it had a massive window which gave the living room a spacious feel to it. The view was of the ocean along with a nearby apartment building.

"How gorgeous," Kelly noted, looking out through the window.

"It's great during the sunrise with a cup of coffee. That's for sure."

They both took a moment to stand by the window and soak in the million dollar scenery. It was San Francisco at its finest.

"Does that ever..." Kelly's voice trailed away as she gestured to the nearby apartment building. "You know, bother you?"

Joanna laughed it off. "Let's just say that my bedroom is adequately covered. That's what matters most. I'm only in the living room to enjoy the view or socialize with guests. Basically, no one across the street has ever had a peep show from me."

"But they were hoping, I'm sure," Kelly chuckled.

Their eyes peered across the street again to the neighboring building. At that hour, the apartments which had their curtains open were perfectly visible.

"Naturally, when you live in tight city environment, there will be voyeurs. Some by accident. Many on purpose. Speaking of indulgence, shall I get those drinks?"

"I thought you'd never ask."

"Be right back," Joanna said like a gracious host.

She went to the kitchen and grabbed two cups, filling them with Italian soda. For extra richness, she went to the freezer and put a scoop of gelato ice cream in the same cups. Then she went back to the living room to serve her wide-eyed intern.

"Looks amazing," Kelly said, feasting her eyes then taking a sip of the drink. "This is absolutely delicious. Thanks."

"You're very welcome," she replied happily. "Italian soda with strawberry gelato. Have a seat. Relax."

The two women sat down on the couch to continue their conversation.

"So how does this compare to your normal summer drinks with Anne?" Joanna asked.

"It's up there, for sure," Kelly said after a big sip. "But honestly, that whole summer thing wasn't entirely about the drinks. That was only part of it. For me it was about having a small adventure with someone. You know, sharing an experience that you'll always remember."

"I can tell you still miss her. She obviously meant a lot to you."

"She did," Kelly replied in a somber tone. "I loved her. I mean, I was head-over-heels in love with her. But life happens and it didn't work out unfortunately. I still like thinking about our experiences."

Joanna paused for a moment. "I've never been in love before. I thought I loved my ex-husband, but I wasn't truly in love with him. You're the only person I've ever admitted that to. I'm envious of you in a way."

"Now we know each other's secrets. Kind of exciting, isn't it?"

"It's only fair given how much you've already told me about you. I really like you. You're fun to be around, and to be honest, I feel as though I'm learning so much about life from you."

Kelly smiled, "I really like you too. I guess that's why I've been super talkative lately. I haven't felt this way about another person since... Anne."

Joanna felt taken aback. "That's a flattering thing to say."

"You're starting to sweat," the intern noted.

Joanna wiped the sweat from her forehead. "Hot weather has a tendency to make that happen."

They gazed into each other's eyes for a moment and Joanna braced herself for what Kelly would say next. There was a light smirk that had formed on Kelly's lips, which suggested something a bit more sinister than simply enjoying a cold European style drink.

"You know, Anne and I had a special way of cooling down on hot days. It was her idea and it eventually became a favorite of mine. Are you interested?"

"It's rarely this hot. Why not?"

"Do you promise not to fire me?" Kelly asked with a mischievous look on her face.

Joanna flashed a skeptical, but playful expression. "I'm not sure I like where this is headed."

"Come on. I promise it'll be fun. You'll like it, trust me."

She sighed, "Fine, I promise I won't fire you."

"Or be upset?"

"I promise," Joanna nodded.

Kelly looked her boss straight in the eyes. "Unbutton your shirt. Completely."

"Excuse me?"

"You promised you wouldn't be upset, remember?" Kelly smiled. "Now are you going to be a good sport about this or not? It's totally harmless."

Joanna gave her intern a hesitant look before eventually going along with it. She put her drink down on the table, then she looked Kelly in the eyes as her fingers got busy unbuttoning her dress shirt. Before long, her top was open, leaving her bra and stomach completely exposed.

"Now what?" she asked.

Kelly scooped the red gelato with her index finger before putting her cup down on the table. She used her other hand to casually reach over to pull the side of Joanna's bra down. 

After the pull, Joanna's left breast was completely exposed, and she was too stunned to do anything about it. Joanna looked down to see that her young intern was visually admiring her bare chest, and before she could say something, Kelly brought the finger-full of gelato down to her brown nipple. The first touch felt like an electric shock. Her nipples were large and they've always been sensitive. She watched helplessly as her intern continued to rub the cold ice cream around her big nipple in a circular motion, turning it rock hard.
