 Prologue

This is the fifth story in an ongoing series involving Ashley, Penny, Marina, Ginger, and Lady Rose whose lives continue to intertwine in An Itch Needing Scratching, Caught in the Limelight, Never Too Old, Maid to Order, and now Intimate Revelations.

As Ashley and Penny were being driven to Ashley's apartment from Lady Rose's in the stretch limousine she had provided for them after the special dinner she had given for the ten Department Heads of her two department stores in city centre Sydney, they talked about all that had happened that evening: their having been special Maids to Order along with Penny's sister Marina, and the young, new girl Ginger whom the all-female guests could fondle while they were served their meals, who serviced them to orgasm from beneath the table, and Penny and Marina covered with various toppings, fruits, and chocolate syrup being the desserts.

They talked and laughed like young, teenage girls all the way to Ashley's apartment. They were delighted with all the fun they had at the dinner party and with the 15,000 pounds Lady Rose paid each of them for their special services. 

When they got to Ashley's apartment, they took a shower together, letting their hands wander over each other's soapy bodies; cupping each other's full breasts whose nipples had hardened by the tactile stimulation they gave each other; inserting their fingers between one another's legs where they fondled one another's clits and inserted their fingers inside their vaginas; caressing the globes of their asses; and kissing one another passionately. After bringing one another to orgasm as water from the showerhead ran down their bodies, they rinsed, dried off, and went to bed in the nude where they fell asleep in each other's arms. 

Upon awakening Ashley told Penny she had an unusual dream during the night.

"Well, now that you have my intention, tell me about it, Ashley," said Penny curiously.

"I dreamt we opened a small, intimate modeling and photography agency catering only to women who came for private photo shoots and to learn how to model and what they needed to do to get started. During the interviews we looked for women in whom we saw a window of opportunity for sexual attraction by their body language, what they said, and how they said it. From these nuances we tried to seduce them by spinning a web that would keep them for our amorous desires and satisfaction. 

We opened our studio in Darlinghurst near the East Side that, as you well know, is a gay friendly community. I thought this would be a good place to get both heterosexual and lesbian clientele, but mainly lesbians, bisexuals, and bi-curious women," shared Ashley.

"Wow, that was some dream, Ashley," responded Penny.

"It surely was, but you know, Love, now that I think about it, why not open our own modeling agency? Both of us work around and with women, I as Manager of one of the classiest lingerie boutiques in the gorgeous mall in the Queen Victoria Building and you modeling for the popular lingerie magazine Feline," said Ashley enthusiastically.

"Yes, but how are we going to come up with the money? Did you think about that?" asked Penny.

"Well, yes, I think I know just the person who would agree to financially backing us to help get our modeling agency started," answered Ashley.

Penny was surprised with Ashley's quick, positive response to her question about whom they could get to underwrite them in this venture.

"And just who might this person be?" pressed Penny.

"Why, Lady Rose, of course. We have been such good friends for many years, and she certainly has the money to get us off the ground running," Ashley said as Penny sat there next to Ashley on the bed, looking dumbfounded.

"Besides, she has contacts with several banks that would give us loans with Lady Rose's backing. And wanting to have our photo and modeling studio in the East Side of Sydney makes it the perfect choice since Lady Rose has helped many businesses get their starts in this gay-friendly community," Ashley continued.

"To tell you the truth I've never thought about owning my own modeling agency, even a small one, but it does sound exciting," Penny said. "And we could get some pointers from your friend Crystal who took the photos of me for the magazine Feline. And don't you remember how that shoot turned into a sexual orgy afterwards," Penny smiled as she held on to that memory.

"You know, you're right. I hadn't thought about Crystal and her photography studio that is located in the East Side, but we'd not conflict with hers that much since we'd cater only to women, and she does all kinds of photography. And to give our studio an added feature and sense of uniqueness, we might emphasize specializing in black and white and sepia tone photos. We could also do period shots such as those seen in the old Victorian and French photos of nude women, only ours would show more," Ashley continued on with all of her ideas.

"Yes, yes, there is so much we could do to make our photo and modeling studio different and unique," said Penny as she got caught up in Ashley's enthusiasm.

Penny fidgeted on the bed and asked, "Well, then, where do we go from here?"

Ashley came back with a quick reply, "I'll call Lady Rose and ask if we could go over to see her regarding a matter of business. I doubt if it would be today since it's just right after her dinner party and this is the weekend. Of course, Lady Rose will see us in her own good time. We just have to be patient."

It was several days before Lady Rose returned Ashley's phone call. 

"Oh, Ashley, I'm sorry it has taken me until now to return your phone call, but there were some business matters I had to attend to at one of my departments in the mall. But now that all is well, you and Penny may come over this afternoon. Say one o'clock. I'll have my cooks prepare a lunch for us. Is that satisfactory for you and Penny?" asked Lady Rose.

"Oh, my, yes, Lady Rose. We look forward to seeing you again," Ashley said.

Knowing Lady Rose liked punctuality, Ashley and Penny arrived at her mansion with five minutes to spare. The butler opened the door, took their outer wear, hung them on a tree rack near the front entrance, and then escorted them into the Great Room where they found Lady Rose sitting in her favourite lounge sofa placed with its back in front of the large fireplace.

Unusual for her, Lady Rose did not get up to come meet Ashley and Penny, so they walked over to her.

"It's so good to see the two of you. I still have erotic memories of the business dinner," said Lady Rose.

Both Penny and Ashley smiled and said their "hellos," and Ashley bent down and kissed Lady Rose on her cheek. It was then she saw the cane resting against the arm of the lounge.

"Lady Rose, what happened?" asked Ashley with great concern.

"Oh, it's not much. Just a slight sprain I got when I was out doing my morning jogging. I didn't watch where I put my feet and caught my toe on the edge of the sidewalk. Doctor says it will be fine. Just have to keep this darn ankle brace on and stay off my feet for a few days," Lady Rose explained.

"Well, we're glad it's nothing serious," Penny said, showing the relief in her voice that made Lady Rose smile.

Lady Rose looked back and forth at Ashley and Penny, trying to discern the purpose of their being here, but since she couldn't she came right out and asked, "All right, you two, why did you need to see me? It must be something of importance."

"It is, Lady Rose. It is," said Ashley.

"Well, then, take a seat and we'll talk about it before I have our lunch served."

Ashley and Penny sat on the full, padded chairs, one to her right and the other to her left, and they told everything about their idea of opening an intimate photography - modeling studio that they would call Intimate Revelations. They would use their studio for legitimate business of taking photos and teaching the basics of modeling to those interested, but they would also see how many clients they could seduce and get them to go beyond just the photo shoot. 

"Oh, that sounds absolutely deliciously wicked," responded Lady Rose to Ashley's and Penny's idea. "And you came up with this plan through a dream you say, Ashley?

"Yes, the night after the business party we had just come from," said Ashley. 

"But how do I fit into your new venture plans?" asked Lady Rose with a hint of understanding.

"As you can well imagine, Lady Rose, Penny and I don't have enough starting capital to get our business off the ground, but together with my good salary as Manager of the boutique and Penny's from her modeling we could pay monthly installments of a secured loan. However, we'll need someone of wealth and importance such as you to help get our feet into a lending institution such as the Reserve Bank of Australia or the Australian Stock Exchange. And you've helped others get started in businesses in the East Side," said Ashley.

"Yes, that is true, Ashley. I have helped quite a number of individuals get their start like the owner of McKinley's Irish Pub," replied Lady Rose. "And I do have inside connections with members of the boards of both banks you mentioned, so I don't think you'll find any problem getting your secured loan with my help."

"My apartment is paid for, so I could put that up for collateral to get a secured loan, but it would be grand if the lending institution such as the ones with whom you do business would know you are backing this project," added Ashley. 

"Well then, I think you and Penny should go ahead with your idea, and to help get it off the ground, I can direct some clients your way, many of them who work for me in my department stores. Some may even be the ones you've met at both my lingerie party and my business dinner for my department heads," said Lady Rose.

Ashley and Penny beamed with excitement with this good news.

"Thank you, Lady Rose. You are always so kind to me," Ashley said.

"Well then, with business out of the way, let's go have our lunch," Lady Rose said.

Ashley helped Lady Rose to her feet, and as they walked towards the dinning, Ginger came bounding down the stairs from her room on the second floor and entered the Great Room. She was surprised to see Ashley and Penny there, but not as surprised as they were to see Ginger in Lady Rose's home.

Lady Rose picked up on their immediate, mutual surprise at seeing one another, and she thought the easiest thing to do was to explain why Ginger was in her home.

"I see the surprise on your faces, Ashley and Penny, at seeing Ginger in my home since you haven't seen her since the evening of the business meeting. To make a long story short, Ginger reminded me so much of myself when I was her age, and I took such an instant liking to her, I asked if she would like to live with me in my home since I was alone in this big, old house and she much of the time lived on the streets."

Lady Rose smiled and motioned Ginger to stand beside her. 

"I encouraged her, and she finally agreed, and we have become very close over this short period of time. As I told her, she's like the daughter I never had," said Lady Rose as she put her arm around Ginger's waist and gave a gentle hug.

"Stranger things than this have happened, Lady Rose, but I am happy you two found one another. It will be good for both of you. And besides, now that Ginger has become a part of our ever-expanding group we'll be able to see her more often," Ashley smiled.

Thus, Ashley and Penny got their loan from the bank with Lady Rose's backing; found a very good, two-storey building for business that had other shoppes along Oxford Street; set up their modeling and photography studio Intimate Revelations; and were open for business. 

Ashley and Penny thought it might be a good idea to introduce themselves to the community a little beyond having the name of their modeling agency and photography studio painted on the glass on the front door in purple-passion. 

They thought a nice, small Open House, catering hors d'oeuvres by a local deli between 7 to 9 for the locals and other storeowners, would be a good icebreaker. Of course, they knew it would be necessary to take out full-page ads in the two local newspapers published in Sydney, the Sydney Morning Herald and The Daily Telegraph, even though it would be expensive. The exposure to the city would be worth the cost.

In addition to these two newspapers, they wanted to advertise in the tabloids, the Sun-Herald and the Sunday Telegraph respectively since commuting readers usually preferred the smaller size. 

"All right, Penny, now that we've decided to place ads in the newspapers, what do you think it ought to show and say?" asked Ashley.

"Well, I've been giving that some thought over this past week, and I've come up with something that might work," said Penny.

"Tell me about it," Ashley said.

"I think the full-page ad could use a photo of me that was taken by Crystal for the female fashion magazine Feline as the hook, women thinking they would like to look like the photo in the ad catalogue, " Penny paused.

"All right so far. Keep going," said Ashley.

"Below the photo with the name of our studio and modeling agency printed above in the same purple-passion colour on our door, we would comprise a written ad, the content of which would aim at women who are interested in modeling and having their photos taken. Many professionals have their photos taken to keep their portfolios they use when going for interviews for modeling jobs up-to-date. I know I do that very thing," said Penny 

"Let me hear the ad, and I'll tell you what I think, Penny," said Ashley. 

"Okay, here it is."

We at Intimate Revelations invite women of all ages who are interested in both modeling and being photographed according to their wants and desires to ring us up or stop in our studio. Since we specialize in women only and consider their interests and needs, we are willing to discuss any proposition you have in mind in order to please and service you as one who models and wants to be photographed. Since we are a new agency, we are offering introductory prices, the cost of which will depend on what it is you want my partner and me to do for you. Our studio is conveniently located at 306 Oxford Street in East Sydney. It is just up from the well-known Wattle Hotel that is gay friendly. Tel + 61 (02) 3693 7227 Fax + 61 (02) 2332 6969. We hope to share an Intimate Revelation with you soon. 

For the tabloids we need something short that will immediately catch the reader's eye. I think the best place for our ad would be in the Personals column section that lists ads for people in search of other people for companionship which everyone knows means sex such as these: F - F (Females for Females), G – G (Gays for Gays), SM – Bi-CF (Single Male for Bi-Curious Female), M - M (Males for Males), Bi-S - Bi-S (Bi-Sexual for Bi-Sexual), S - C (Singles for Couples), SF - Bi-C (Single Female for bi-curious Couple), SF – C (Single Female for Couple), SM – C (Single Male for Couple), C – C (Couples for Couples), F – FF (Female for two Females), FMF (Female, Male, Female), M – T (Male for Transvestite). Things like that.

Our advertisement could read:

WANTED: Women who want to be photographed for personal or professional reasons according to their wishes and desires and/or who want to learn the art of modeling. We at Intimate Revelations specialize in both photography and modeling and are willing to please you in whatever you want. Give us a ring at TEL + 61 (02) 3693 7227 or FAX + 61 (02) 2332 6969 or you can just come in to our studio. Hope to see you soon.

"Wow, I never knew there were so many combinations of people seeking people," Ashley said somewhat astonished even though she was a woman-of-the-world.

"Well, Ashley, what do you think? Are the ads both discreet yet suggestive? Be honest," Penny said.

"I think they are fine, Love. They say what we want, and they have balance. They are suggestive but not blatantly so, and since you did such a good job with the ads, I think you ought to be first to do the interviews, and I'll do the instructions on the modeling, and I got some pointers from Crystal about taking photos," said Ashley.

"Whew! I was worried you'd not like them since I've never put an ad in the newspapers before, especially not ones like these that walk a tightrope between naughty and nice," chided Penny.

'Now we have to be patient and wait to see what the cat drags in," said Ashley.

Penny and Ashley didn't have to wait too long before potential customers started to call or just stop in to look around and ask a few questions and share with them what it was they were looking for in modeling or having their photographs taken or both. They just weren't sure and said they'd either call or come back. Actually, Ashley and Penny were surprised at the number of calls they received and appointments set, so much so, they were already booked-ahead by weeks.

One early morning the phone rang and Penny picked it up, "Good morning, Intimate Revelations. This is Penny. May I help you?"

There was a momentary pause on the other end of the line before the caller answered Penny. 

"Hello, my name is Estella, Estella Morgan, and I've seen your ads in the newspapers as well as the Personals section in the tabloids," she said.

"Yes, and…?"

"This is my first time at wanting to try this, so I'm a little nervous," Estella said timidly.

"Not to worry, we're all a little nervous in the beginning, and my partner Ashley and I shall listen to you about what you want to happen with the knowledge that everything we say and do in the studio stays in the studio," Penny assured Estella.

"I'm glad to hear that. I'm so nervous my hands are shaking," Estella said again in her timid voice.

However, Penny knew it was time for her to make the first move. Some times one can be fooled by just the voice she hears.

"Estella, why don't you come to the studio where we can see one another and talk, just talk if that's all you want at first," Penny suggested encouragingly. 

"All right," Estella said still unsure about her decision.

"Do you know where the studio is located, Estella?" asked Penny.

"Yes, I know where you are. I live in East Sydney and have walked past your place many times, so I can be there in a few minutes, about fifteen," Estella said.

"I'll be expecting you, Estella. See you soon," Penny said and hung up the phone.

In the short fifteen minutes Penny had before Estella arrived, she went into the back where Ashley was arranging the photography equipment and told her about Estella. Ashley was very pleased and told Penny to curb her excitement and try to be calm and professional so she doesn't give herself and her real desires away to Estella.

Penny then told Ashley by the sound of her voice over the phone she shouldn't expect too much.

While Penny was talking with Estella on the phone, she created an image of her as being short and petite with short-cropped, blonde hair and wearing wire-rimmed glasses. She, in fact, pictured her as being mousy looking. However, when someone walked into the studio, she was nothing like the woman she had imagined. That was if she were Estella.

This woman was quite tall, close to six feet, with large, well-formed breasts that looked to Penny to be about a 36 D; a thin waist that curved beautifully into round, firm hips; and long legs in sheer, black nylons that showed below the ten inch hem of her emerald green, V-neck dress that came to mid-thigh and pushed her breasts together, creating a marvelous cleavage.

Her long, wavy, red hair fell to the left side of her face and past her shoulders, continuing down her back. The gleam in her radiant green eyes that were perfectly framed in the symmetry of her eyelids; her eyebrows; and her curved eye lashes sparkled in the soft light radiating from the recessed, ceiling fixtures. Her whole face was well proportioned, seemingly without flaws. The right ear Penny saw was close to her head, and her nose was so straight with perfectly flared nostrils it looked at if it had been sculptured. Her lips were lusciously full and glowed with the pale red lip-gloss she was wearing. All of her facial features came together with a professionally done makeup look.
