 What a night. I had decided to stay in and just surf my favorite adult site. Playing a little here and there, maybe striking up a conversation with someone new. I wasn't planning on going out, meeting anyone or having incredible orgasm after orgasm.

I started slow, jumping from this thread to that thread, answered some personal messages. I followed around one of my favorite ladies a bit. I flirted with a few guys, nothing much. Nothing was really going on so I decided to log off and take a long bath, seeing as how I was getting worked up, when I got a message from HoneyLover.

She and I had talked a few times, even done a little flirting cyber, but had never really gotten carried away. Like me, she was bi-sexual and liked to play a little with everyone. She told me she was on a business trip and stuck in this small town in the mountains out here in California because her rental car had broken down. I asked her the name of the town. It was very close to mine. We talked about her trip and my job. We joked about our lacking the ability to keep a steady man in our lives. After a bit she mentioned wanting to step across the street to this bar/restaurant where she could hear the music rocking and that she would say hi later. Knowing where she was made my heart start to flutter. I knew what she looked like from her AV and thought a little evening seduction might be in order. 

I logged off the computer, showered and dressed quickly, no underwear, black bra and a lace bodysuit for later. Over that I wore jeans, a low cut, button down shirt and my fuck me boots. I did my hair and makeup and left in search of some fun. It was about an hour drive to where she was. I kept finding my thoughts wandering to my plans for tonight. Hopefully some drinks, some dancing and a long night of exploring each other's bodies.

I decided to park at the hotel, just in case. I walked across the street and up to the restaurant where I could see her sitting at the bar through the glass windows in front. Her curves were covered in almost the same thing as mine; dark jeans, black sweater and boots. She was even more stunning in person with her long hair glistening in the lights from the dance floor, her red lips so inviting, the top of her breasts barely showing in her v-necked sweater. I could see a few guys vying for her attention. Knowing what she liked in a lover, I grinned slyly as I approached the doors.

I walked up to the bar next to her, watching her eye me as I sauntered closer. I ordered a drink. As I waited for my drink, I turned to her and smiled. Her smile lit up the whole place. I extended my hand and introduced myself.

"Hi Karen, I'm Jennifer!" I bubbled. My sly smile returned at her puzzled look at me knowing her name. "You know me as BoldNBusty."

Her jaw dropped. She set her drink on the bar and practically threw her arms around me.

"Oh my God!" She exclaimed. "I had a feeling I was close to you tonight. That's why I hit you up. I was almost disappointed when you didn't say anything."

Returning her hug, I could feel our breasts pressing together. I could smell her perfume and the scent of her shampoo. My hug tightened as I felt the first stirrings of arousal. We stepped apart and I could see she was blushing as deeply as me. 

"Shall we get a booth?" I asked as my drink was put on the bar. "There are some two person ones in the back off the dance floor." 

I motioned to the corner. She nodded and we began to walk over. As we pushed through the dance floor, I felt her hand on my hip, sliding through my belt loop. I looked back over my shoulder and she grinned, blushing again. I began to shake my hips with the music as we walked, feeling her eyes on me. We got to the table and slid into the two-person booth. The sides were high and it gave us just enough privacy. I rested my hand on her thigh and leaned in and kissed her softly, a light, lingering kiss. Her hand covered mine and squeezed. We both leaned back and smiled.

We began to talk. Just chitchat mostly about the site we play on, this person, that person, the threads, the stories, the fun. We gradually turned to ourselves, quietly getting to know each other even better. The waitress brought us another round. We continued to talk, lightly touching each other now; hands on each other's hips or thighs, touching each other's arms, running our fingers through each other's hair. We talked of the messages sent to each other, the teasing and flirting. I saw her blush again as I mentioned how much she turns me on.

"It's getting late." Karen said looking at her watch. "Care to walk me back to my hotel?"

"Of course." I said, feeling a bit disappointed, I had hoped to dance and get the chance to seduce her. We finished our drinks and walked from the bar. As we crossed the street, she brushed her hand against mine and on impulse I entwined my fingers through hers. I heard her sigh and knew it was what she was hoping for. We walked hand in hand back to her hotel. As we walked through the lobby she dropped my hand to search for her key. Feeling mixed signals I decided not to stick around. As we approached her room I faked a yawn.

"It's awful late." I said as she slid her card in the door. "I should be getting home."

She turned to me as she opened the door and grabbed my hand, pulling me into the room. As the door closed behind us she pushed me against the wall and kissed me hard. My lips parted as her tongue invaded my mouth. Our tongues met and danced, slowly at first and then with more passion. Her hands slid under my shirt and she moaned into my mouth as they found the lace bodysuit. She leaned back and began to unbutton my shirt, pulling it back from my shoulders and letting it drop to the floor. Her hands began to explore the lacy curves of my body. I leaned in to kiss her again, my hands lifting her sweater up and over her head. Her black bra held her beautifully. I leaned down and kissed the top of each of her breasts. My hands slid around her back, undoing the clasp on her bra and allowing her to fall free. Her breasts were full with dark areola and short nipples. I leaned in to take them in my mouth, sucking one and then the other.

"I thought you were tired." She said with a wink.

"Well I didn't think you were interested in spending the night together." I replied.

"I was nervous." She blushed. "I have never had a one night stand before."

"Me either." I replied. "I can't think of anyone I would rather have it with though."

I walked away toward the bed, shaking my hips. I felt her come up behind me. Her hands wrapped around me and undid the button and zipper on my jeans. She slid them off slowly, kissing her way down my back and down the back of my thighs. She turned me around, on her knees now looking up at me. Her tongue flicked out and licked my clit through the lace. I gasped in pleasure. Her fingers slid up and down my incredibly wet lips through my lace. She pulled it up tight and used the bodysuit to massage my clit. I moaned out loud as I felt myself on the edge already. She lowered her lips to me and I felt her grasp my clit with them. She sucked hard on my nub. The combination of her sucking and the lace rubbing me sent me over the edge. I cried out and began to shake as my orgasm washed over me. I reached down, running my fingers through her hair, my knees buckling, moaning. She slid the lace aside, licking up and down my dripping lips.

Standing, wrapping her arms around me she kissed me hard. I could taste my juices on her lips. I sucked her tongue into my mouth wanting to taste it all. My fingers found her nipples and began to tweak them, gentle at first and then harder. Her moans encouraged me and I lowered my hands to her ass, still clad in jeans, squeezing it. I moved my fingers around to unzip and unbutton her jeans lowering them slowly from her hips. I pushed her back and then onto the bed. She slid back as I crawled on top of her. I began to kiss her softly, trailing kisses from her lips, down her jaw to her earlobe. I nibbled gently on it. I moved to her neck, kissing and nibbling down, across her collarbone to her chest. Her moans drove me on. I took her nipple into my mouth, sucking it hard, nibbling too. 

"Please!" She moaned. "Please, I need to cum too."

Kissing my way down her body, I took in everything, her curves, her smell, Her. I lowered my fingers to her intimate lips, tracing them lightly. I followed with my tongue running it up and down. She moaned as I took her bud between my lips and sucked it gently. I slid my tongue over her clit flicking it. Her hips began to move against my tongue. I slid one and then two fingers deep into her, my thrusting matching her movements. Looking up at her I saw her massaging her breasts and pulling on her nipples. My lips locked around her clit and I sucked hard. I felt her muscles clamp down on my fingers as she exploded in orgasm. She raised her hips up off the bed as I fingered her faster, her head thrashing, her cries drowning out the sounds of my fingers pounding her. Her hands held my head in place as I slowly released the pressure on her clit and began to flick my tongue over it, licking and kissing her nub.

"Get your pussy up here." She growled.

Not stopping my licks and kisses to her clit, I slid my body around straddling her face. I moaned as she slid her tongue deep inside me. Mimicking her movements I also slid my tongue down her lips and deep into her soaking center. My tongue firm and hard I began to lick circles in her pussy. I could already feel my orgasm approaching as I tongued her faster. Her hips began to move quicker and she got wetter still. I ground my pussy into her lips and tongue as I felt her begin to tighten on mine. Her cries of pleasure as she came again, this time on my tongue deep in her were too much for me and I let go with a gush of my own. I could hear her moans as she lapped up the juices squirting from my pussy. I placed my lips over hers and swallowed every drop of nectar she offered. Panting, I slid off of her and turned around, lying next to her on the bed. She rolled toward me and our lips met in a long, soft, sensual kiss, our hands very gently caressing each other's bodies.

"That was amazing." I whispered, looking into her eyes. "Thank you lover."

"No thank you." She whispered back, holding my gaze. "I was only planning on dinner, not dessert." 

Lying on my side, I pulled her close to kiss her again, my hand between her thighs as she rolled onto her side to face me. I slid my fingers down her lips, resting them gently at her wetness, my thumb rubbing lazy circles around her clit. Her kisses became more urgent as I applied more pressure to her bud. I felt her hips begin to move with my fingers and I rubbed faster, sliding my fingers as deep in her as I could while still rubbing her clit. She began to whimper and moan as I felt her tighten and release as yet another orgasm rocked her body. She bit my lip as she came hard, this time on my fingers.

Pushing me onto my back she roughly slid her fingers into me, immediately finding my g-spot. She began to finger me with all abandon. She caught my eyes with hers as she fingered harder and faster. I could her the sounds of my wetness as she fucked me with her fingers. Within a minute I felt myself cumming again. I arched hard up off the bed as she continued her assault on my pussy. My mouth slack, eyes rolled back I cried out. Waves of intensity rolled over me again and again as she continued to finger me hard and fast. One, two, three orgasms in a row tore through me as she pounded my g-spot.

Slowly I came back down into myself. Gasping for breath, I watched her lick her fingers clean of my juices. She leaned in to kiss me and I could taste me on her lips. I wound my fingers through her hair as we kissed.

"That was amazing!" I whispered, still out of breath. "I want to do this all night with you."

"Spending the night then Jen?" She asked with a smile. 

"MmmHmmm." I replied. 

We curled up together in the hotel bed, arms around each other and began to slowly explore even more...