 Previously in Iowa Corn… and Porn (Part I)

Sadie sits on the foot on Gwen’s bed. She openly stares at Gwen’s impressively large and perky breasts. Gwen is still lightly stroking her left nipple. 

“Tell me about them.” Sadie says as she slowly takes off her jacket and shoes.

“Well I dream that I wake up in the middle of the night, and I sneak to your bed and I pull down your covers.”

Sadie whips her top off with the help of Gwen.

“I put my nose next to your thighs and I breathe in your aroma. These fantasies are so real, I can’t believe I’m dreaming sometimes. Then I slowly, ever so slowly, easy down your white cotton panties. I remember how silky smooth your thighs are and how warm to the touch too. As I get your panties down past your thighs I realize you are completely shaven down there.”

With that Gwen reenacts the scene with Sadie. She gasps (and I gasp too!), as she sees that Sadie is as smooth as a baby’s butt, and she has no visible tan lines. Could I possibly have picked a better girl than her? Gwen rubs her cheek against Sadie’s thigh, as her hands splay over her bare bottom.

To Be Contiuned???

Chapter 4: 

Jennifer is totally lost in her female fantasy by now. She has ceased to be Jen, the shy farm-girl from Iowa, and is now Sadie, the bi-sexual roommate of Gwen. These are the moments that get me through the otherwise dull world of porn. I find a chair quickly and watch my dream world play out before my eyes.

Gwen plants light kisses along the insides of Sadie’s thighs, as her fingers continue to massage the firm flesh of Sadie’s well-toned butt. Gwen’s fingers crawl up her thigh and Sadie obediently opens her legs up to give her more room. Sadie moans as Gwen works her index finger across the wet lips of her sex, before wiggling it into her hot, wet hole. Gwen works her digit in and out several times before taking it out to sample the sweet nectar coating her fingertip. Sadie inhales sharply as Gwen finds her very erect clitoris, and strokes it with saliva-covered index finger, working Sadie to a frenzy. 

Gwen undoes the front clasp of Sadie’s lacy white bra and licks her lips at what her handy work has revealed. Gwen quickly discards the bra and pulls Sadie onto the bed roughly. Gwen straddles her hips and lowers her head to Sadie’s heaving chest. Her tongue darts out and traces a ring around her aureole before finding the nipple and taking a couple flicks at the turgid bud. Gwen’s lips latch firmly to her nipple as she nurses like a baby from Sadie’s alabaster breast. Her other hand is kept busy by firmly grasping Sadie’s other breast and pulling her nipple with her thumb and index finger. 

Sadie has a look of ecstasy on her face as Gwen’s ministrations cause her whole body to flush red, and her breathing to increase to a fevered pitch. Gwen quickly switches her attention from one breast to the other. As Gwen’s mouth leaves Sadie’s breast, Sadie can see saliva glistening on her freshly nursed teat, she takes her index finger and traces it around the aureole before roughly pulling on the nipple. 

Gwen pulls her head off Sadie breast and says, “ So have you ever had fantasies too?”

“Well, while you were working magic with your tongue, I though it would feel even better licking my pussy. My last boyfriend was really good with his tongue, but he can’t hold a candle to you!” Sadie said breathlessly.

“I never heard any complaint from Pete. Of course, I always swallowed so I don’t think he would have the balls to say anything to the contrary.”

“You’re so naughty! God, I can’t wait to wait to feel your tongue on my cunt.”

“What a dirty little mouth! I think I have just the thing for you!”

Gwen rolls onto her back and quickly pulls her shorts down over her firm ass and thighs and throws them on the floor with the her tank top. Gwen climbs over Sadie and lowers her head to the lips of Sadie’s glistening pussy. Sadie got the surprise of her life as Gwen lifted one leg to the other side of Sadie’s head and spread her muscled thighs, and quickly lowered her own sopping wet pussy over Sadie’s face. Sadie got the cue and eagerly explore Gwen’s steaming hot sex, while getting her own honeypot licked. Within a few minutes Sadie was leaking her love juice all over Gwen’s face and the sheets, as Gwen lapped at her cunt like a kitten licking milk from a bowl. To Gwen’s surprise, Sadie started to have another even more powerful orgasm as she was coming down from her first. 

Gwen pulled herself off her spent roommate and slumped to the bed beside her. She opened her nightstand and fished around for something for a few seconds. Her eyes glittered as she produced a small smooth pink vibrator from the drawer. 

“I’d like to introduce you to my ‘Little Miss’. It’s the only thing that never fails to get me off. Just a few minutes on my clit and I come like crazy.”

“I think I’ll give you a hand since you’ve been so nice to me.”

“Sounds delicious. I’d like nothing more than to have your tongue in my hole as I work my clit with this baby.”

“You’re so hot.” With that Sadie leans over Gwen and gives her a passionate kiss. She darts her tongue between Gwen’s lips and explores her mouth. Sadie tastes her own sweet nectar on Gwen’s tongue. The girls fondle each other’s breasts as the kiss deepens. Sadie pulls away and starts to trail kisses between Gwen’s heaving mammaries, stopping to lightly suckle each nipple before slowly working her way down Gwen’s stomach. She rubs her nose across the light, sandy downy of Gwen’s pubic hair and quickly makes her way to the inside of her thighs. Sadie plants wet kisses all along the insides of her thighs while slowly inching upward. 

Sadie slowly explores Gwen’s feminine folds as Gwen moans her approval as spreads her thighs farther apart. Gwen lifts her legs onto Sadie’s shoulders as Sadie eagerly opens her bright red, pouting lips with her fingers to reveal her lovehole. Sadie traces lazy 8’s around her lover’s pussy and occasionally darts her tongue into her eager opening. 

When Sadie is satisfied with the amount of natural lubrication, she quickly probes her fingers into Gwen’s hot recesses. Gwen squirms as she sees her friend bury her long, slender middle finger almost to the third knuckle. Gwen’s breath hitches as the finger makes a hook and gently probes her hot tunnel looking for that magic spot. 

Gwen knows now that Sadie has definitely had some practice on a few other girls. No one could get her this hot, this fast without knowing exactly how to please a woman. Sadie meanwhile started to work and Gwen’s protruding clit feverishly. She expertly fingered her roommate’s gaping hole and licked her clit; Sadie increased her speed as she heard her lover call out in ecstasy. Sadie kept working at her clitoris and occasionally slurping up some of Gwen’s cum until Gwen had another orgasm and a smaller third one a few seconds later. 

With that, Sadie got out from between Gwen’s legs and crawled up the bed to plant a sloppy kiss on her lips, as she lightly strokes her ender nipples, and admired the flush appearance of Gwen. Sighing she cuddled up to the side of Gwen and absently fondled her breasts.

“Well, I don’t think you need the ‘Little Miss’ to always get you off.”

“Yeah, as long as I have your tongue I don’t think I’ll be using that anymore”

“So what are you plans for this weekend?”

“I was thinking about going home, but I may just stick around instead.”

“Yeah, me too. I’ll think it would be better to stay here.”

Lights fade. “And Cut! That was incredible you two!”

“How about a sequel? We’ll call it Dorm Dames II.”

To Be Continued…