 "Is he your boyfriend?"

"Nope," she said. "He's my cousin."

"Your cousin?"

"He keeps the boys away."

She smiled shyly and then turned over on her stomach. Her name was Irena, and I had just met that morning when I checked into the hotel run by her Aunt and Uncle. I practically gasped when she answered the desk bell. She was beautiful, tall--with legs that went on forever--and long raven-colored hair that fell to her shoulders and olive skin. She was from Poland, and had the exotic high cheek-boned features of a model, piercing green eyes and an air of mystery in her smile. Later, when I met her at the beach and Andrew came by to hang out with us, I was sure that they were a couple. So when he left to do his afternoon shift at the same hotel, I felt like I had died and gone to heaven. Here was Irena, all 5'10" of her, sunbathing next to me, making jokes and acting as if we'd been friends for years, touching my knee, complimenting me on my hair, my body. Was she flirting with me? It almost seemed too perfect. I was glad when she finally agreed to swim with me, so I could dip my head in the cold ocean water and try to come to my senses.

I spent the rest of the afternoon hanging out with her, swimming, sunbathing, walking around town and getting ice cream at a stand on the edge of town that she swore was the best in the area. Her slight accent, easy smile and sense of humor were intoxicating and I had to restrain myself from flirting with her. She was flirtatious, challenging me to an arm wrestle on the beach (I won), and asking me personal questions that I answered cautiously. She knew that I was taking a week off and trying to relax after leaving a relationship, and I that I was taking notes for a book that I hoped to write, but I left out the gory details. Irena, on the other hand, had no problem filling me in on all of the local gossip, but mostly she talked about her Sophie, her best friend, who had just left town. Sophie and Irena had met at a local "modeling school" run by some sleazy photographer type that was more interested in Irena and Sophie's money and the opportunity to hang around beautiful teenage girls than in furthering their modeling career. After a few months of broken promises, they ditched the school and their hopes of making it big on America's Next Top Model and became fast friends. Sophie had moved out of her mother's apartment on her 18th birthday. A boyfriend was mentioned, but now Sophie had moved on, first visiting friends in Europe and then moving to Montreal with an old friend.

I had wanted to leave the city for a week and Bree suggested a small beach town on the south shore. It was cheap. The town was "dry", meaning that you couldn't buy alcohol in the town and the restaurants didn't serve any, but you could bring your own. I was coming off a relationship that ended when I found out that my girlfriend had started an affair with a mutual friend of ours, and the drama was too much for me. I knew that our days as a couple were numbered--we rarely had sex anymore and if we did, it was perfunctory, and often involved a vibrator. We had lived together for six years and when I left our apartment I was eager to start a new life. I began working out more and cut my hair very short (like Jean Seberg in "Breathless") and added blonde highlights. I began seeing Bree, a former lover; a woman with whom I had an affair with when I was in college. She was in her 30s when we met, married and extremely beautiful and feminine. She gave me a taste for some of the better things that life has to offer and we eventually began having threesomes with another married friend of hers where we would spend whole weekends in the city, shopping, dining and fucking. They brought my feminine side out, but I was still a soft butch, but one who enjoyed clothes and makeup. 

Bree was 43 now and as beautiful as ever. She was divorced and playing the field when we met for on the Upper East Side. After catching up, she suggested that we go back to her new apartment (she had sold her house in the suburbs) and catch up some more. Of course, one thing led to another and soon we were in her bedroom making love and it was intense as ever--as if the past 11 years had never happened. But I knew that this arrangement was only temporary. One night as we held each other I told her that I was thinking about writing a book about my experiences in college, about meeting her and about the whole sexual odyssey that we took. I assured her that I would use a pen name. Just talking about it made me blush, I thought that she might object, but she was just as enthusiastic and as we recalled some of the more extreme moments of our relationship, we began to kiss and play with each other, ending up in a long oral lovemaking session which ended led to very intense orgasms for both of us. 

The story that got us going was about an afternoon when Bree and her girlfriend Lauren undressed me, tied me up and blindfolded me in the guest bedroom of Lauren's apartment. I had begged them to do it. It was a fantasy of mine for them to leave me there while they went about their normal Saturday routine. First they went to the gym and when they got back they both went into Lauren's bedroom and had sex while I lay there listening to every sound of their lovemaking. Then they showered and dressed and went out to lunch and then went shopping. They even called and left a message telling me to be a good girl and not to play with my pussy. In the dark, with my feet and hands bound, and a blindfold over my eyes, I fell into a state of delirium, my pussy was so swollen and wet with desire, but I couldn't rub myself, so their was no hope of relief until they returned. Hours went by and then they returned, they were as turned on as I was. I was covered in sweat and barely able to speak. They put me on my back and untied me. Then with the blindfold still on they ordered me to suck their strap-ons and then they took turns fucking me with them, making me come so many times that I lost count. When they finally took the blindfold off, I broke into tears and as they held me and comforted me, another round of lovemaking followed. It took us days to recover. 

I called Bree and told her about my first day on the beach. I mentioned Irena. "Did you talk to her long?" She asked.

"For a while," I said. "She's really beautiful. I had to watch myself. I didn't want to come on too strong."

"Too strong for what?"

"I don't know. I didn't want her to think that I was hitting on her."

"Were you?"

"No."

"Are you going to try?"

"She's probably straight. Why waste my time?"

"How old is she?"

"Nineteen."

"You're incapable of coming on too strong." You're too shy."

"I wasn't shy with you."

"You were at the beginning. That's what made you so irresistible."

"I don't think I'm going to try this time. I came here to relax."

"Are you relaxing?"

"Mostly."

"What are you doing right now?"

"I'm in bed."

"In bed?"

"Nude, with my fingers in my pussy."

"Why am I not surprised?"

"And you."

"The same."

"Uh huh."

"Tell me about Anya and Karen again."

"What about them?"

"How you met the whole thing."

"I've told you this a million times."

"Pretty please?"

She had that breathy tone in her voice. She was probably close to cumming.

"I had heard that they were lovers, but I didn't believe it."

"This was in the dorm?"

"Yes, in the dorm, but you knew that already."

"I want to hear it from you."

"In the dorm. I could hear noises sometimes when I passed their room late at night, but I assumed that it was just one of them fucking some guy."

"Was it?"

"No."

"And how did you know?

"I walked in on them."

"In on them where?"

"The showers. I was studying late one night and I couldn't relax. I thought I'd take a shower to clear my head. It was about 2 in the morning. I put on a robe and grabbed a towel and walked into the shower room and they were in a stall together. Two tall, blonde and very beautiful nineteen year-old girls having sex in the shower. I just stood there for a moment and then they noticed me and separated. Karen let out a huge gasp. I ran out of the bathroom and went back to my room." 

"And then."

"About two weeks later I was up studying late again and decided to back in there and, of course they were in there again."

"Of course."

"And this time I just put my robe on the hook and approached them."

"That took some balls. Did they know you were a lesbian?"

"They knew. I had brought girls to my room. They saw me."

"And..."

"And what?"

"What happened next?"

"We had sex. I walked right up to Anya and kissed her. I realized that we were all about the same height. Anya was really skinny then, looked like Paris Hilton. Karen was earthier, had more curves, big breasts, long frizzy blonde hair. Anya put her arms around my neck and pulled me toward her. Karen put her hands on my ass and squeezed them and then kissed my neck. It was like we were all in a trance. Then I put my hand down to Anya's pussy and began to rub it and Karen put her arm around me and did the same to me, and..."

"I'm so close, Erin, go on."

"I turned around and kissed Karen and they made me lean against the shower wall and took turns kneeling and eating my pussy and then kissing each other...

"That's so fucking hot..."

"I came first and then I finger fucked Karen while Anya finger fucked me and then I licked Ayna's clit while finger fucking her and she practically squirted in my face..."

I heard her moan louder through the phone. 

"And then we spent a while just kissing and holding each other."

The phone went silent. We were cut off. I hung up the phone and she immediately called back. 

"You're done?" I asked.

"Yes, thanks."

"You're welcome."

"And then what happened." 

"We went back to our rooms."

"And..."

"I had sex with Anya a few times at her boyfriend's place. She used a strap-on on me. My first time being fucked like that. She fucked me up the ass as well. I didn't like that as much. Then the semester ended. Anya didn't return to school. Karen and I met in the shower a few times and then fell in love."

"You told that so well."

"It's so romantic."

"It is."

"How does Anya tell the story?"

"A little differently. Your story is hotter."

"How do you tell the other story?"

"Which one?"

"When we tied you up, blindfolded you?"

"Which one is that?"

"We went out, put in the guest room, turned out the lights..."

"When did this happen?"

"Ha ha."

We talked for a little more, with Bree getting me all sexed up all over again, telling me about the love affair her new girlfriend Sydney had with a cute little blonde cheerleader in college. Apparently this girl was as insatiable as they come and later dropped out of college to become a dominatrix. I wound up having two orgasms while talking to her, finally hanging up the phone at one in the morning. 

Women as uncommonly beautiful as Irena tend to get their way. So I didn't object when she knocked on my door early the next morning and told me that I should move to a more spacious room on the fourth floor for no extra charge. 

She was flirty. All I could think about as we moved my stuff to the new room is how much I wanted to have sex with her. I asked her to dinner that night and she accepted immediately. She said that she was going to be out for the afternoon so I wouldn't see her at her usual spot on the beach. I was relieved, since the tension would be too great. We exchanged cell phone numbers and we made plans to meet that evening in front of the hotel. We said our goodbyes and I shut the door and took off my clothes and lay down on the bed. For some reason the air conditioner was on. I got up and turned it off and opened the nearest window, letting a cool ocean breeze come in the room. I lay back down and rubbed my pussy until I had one of the most explosive orgasms that I had had in a long time. When I was done, I put on my bathing suit and shorts and walked to the beach. Andrew was there and we talked for a while, and then I took a swim. I felt like I was sleepwalking through the afternoon. I went back to my room and tried to read, then tried to write. All I could think about was having sex, remembering memorable sexual encounters with beautiful women that I had met through the years. I masturbated again and fell asleep, waking up just in time to get myself together for my dinner date with Irena. 

So, where to begin? She was wearing a beautiful white cotton summer dress that fit her gazelle-like body perfectly, and complimented her dark tan and her hair, which I'd mostly seen wet or in a ponytail, was newly styled and fell down to her shoulders. Her makeup looked like Anya had done it, and she was wearing high-heeled sandals. I swallowed hard when I saw her. We kissed each other on the cheek and as we walked down the street together I could feel the stares coming from all directions. "You look gorgeous," I said.

"So do you."

The rest of the date was a blur. We got to the restaurant and were quickly escorted to a seat. It turns out that Anna used to waitress there and everyone asked about her. I was beginning to think that choosing this particular restaurant was a mistake. We ordered wine and I finally began to relax and Irena asked me a lot of very personal questions. I didn't even have to tell her that I was gay, I just told her about the relationship I had just gotten out of and she talked about Sophie and all the crazy stuff that they had done together. We ate quickly and decided to leave the restaurant and take a stroll along the boardwalk. Irena got a text and she apologized for answering. It was Sophie. She frantically texted back and then took my hand in hers and drew me close to her side. My heart was pounding. "What are you thinking about?" She asked me.

"I don't think you want to know."

"I think I know."

"You do?

"I can tell when a man or a woman wants me."

"You can?"

"I'm beautiful. I get propositioned all the time."

"I haven't propositioned you yet."

'Yet."

I laughed. "You're pretty sure of yourself, aren't you?"

"Most beautiful women are Bi, right?" She asked. 

"Most of them, yes."

She pulled me to her and we kissed. She was a good kisser. I put my arms around her neck and opened my mouth wide and deep kissed her back. I saw a few people in the distance walking toward us so I made us stop. 

"What are we doing?" I asked her.

"Kissing."

"I'm not sure I'm ready for this."

Her phone went off again. It was another text from Sophie. She texted back and looked up at me and frowned. Her beautiful green eyes looked sad. "What's wrong?" I asked.

"She can be such a bitch sometimes."

"Sophie?"

She nodded.

I took her hand and we walked towards the hotel.

"Maybe we're not ready for this."

"No?"

"You scare me."

"I do?"

"And you seem to be having an argument with Sophie."

She looked down and nodded, "Yes."

"Why don't we call it a night," I said. "We'll be more lucid in the morning."

"Lucid?"

"We'll be able to think clearly."

"But I like you."

"I like you too, Irena. And I'm in heaven right now just being with you, but I don't want one of us to get hurt."

"Okay."

She laughed and told me that I was a real grownup. I took it as a compliment and squeezed her hand. 

We walked back to the hotel and gave each other a good night kiss. I went back to my room and tried to calm down. My nipples were as hard as rocks and my pussy was drenched. I took out a bottle of vodka that I had stuffed in my bag and made myself a large drink. Somehow I was able to calm down and fell asleep.

At about midnight, my cell rang. It was Irena. She sounded upset. I told her that she could stop by if she wanted to and within minutes, just long enough for me to put on a robe (I sleep nude), she was knocking at my door dressed only in a tank top and a pair of pink boxer shorts. She was crying and I quickly shut the door and took her into my arms. "What's wrong?" I asked. 

"Sophie," she said. "I just got off the phone with her. She wants me to come to Montreal or it's over." 

"What's over?"

"Us, everything. Sophie was my girlfriend, Erin."

"I had a feeling," I said. "But I didn't want to pry."

"She wanted me to come to Montreal. Drop everything. It's so stupid. I think she's into some bad things. I think she's taking drugs again. She's working at a strip club. She began to cry again, even more hysterically than before. I took her hand and brought her to the bed and held her and stroked her hair. 

"Before this week, she was everything to me," she said.

"What's changed?"

"What changed is that I met you."

"And how has that changed things?"

"I love being around you. And you so smart, and fun and so beautiful."

"I like being with you too."

She sat up and looked me straight in the eye and touched my cheek. "I think I'm falling in love with you."

She pulled me toward her and kissed me. I kissed her back and soon we were all over each other. I pulled her off the bed and untied my robe, letting it fall to the floor. I pushed her down on the bed, pulled off her boxer shorts and ground into her as she wrapped her legs around mine. "I'm a little nervous." She said.

"Don't be. I'll take care of you."

"I want to eat your pussy," she whispered, between kisses. "I want to make you cum."

She got up and pulled my legs to the edge of the bed and then spread them apart and kneeled in front of me. I pulled off her tank top and took her face in my hands and kissed her. 

"Kiss my pussy," I said.

She smiled and kissed my belly and then kissed my mound and then my pussy lips. I was so wet at this point that I barely felt it when she put one then two fingers into my slit and started fucking me as she kissed and licked my folds, lightly sucking and kissing as I began to breathe deeper in anticipation. She definitely knew what she was doing and soon my impression of her as an innocent 19 year-old girl faded and was replaced by that of a beautiful gay woman who was an eager and expert lover. She looked up at me and smiled, taking her fingers out of my pussy and then gliding her hands up my thighs as she licked me and caressed my clit with her tongue. She batted her eyes at me and I smiled at her. "You're so good at this," I whispered. "How did you get so good?"

"Making love to women."

"Uh huh."

"I've fucked a few boys, but girls are so much better."

"Yes they are."

"I guess I'm a slut."

"You're my slut now."

"I've been wanting to make love to you since I first saw you." 

She buried her face in my pussy and my body began to shudder.

"Make me cum," I said.

She looked up at me and I stroked her hair and pushed it back so I could see her licking my pussy. I began to cum and I let out a moan and bucked under her. When I was done she came into my arms and kissed me. "You're mine now," I said.

We rolled around the bed and then I pinned her down and ground my pussy into hers. I was in control now and wanted to take advantage of this beautiful girl. She moaned loudly and I put my hand over her mouth. We kissed and held each other for a while and then Irena suggested that we take a shower together. I put on my robe and gave her a towel and we tiptoed down the hallway. "Are you sure this is okay?" I asked.

"There's only one other person on this floor right now and she's slightly deaf."

"I know, but..."

She squeezed my hand. "We'll be fine."

Irena put a chair in front of the door just in case. I took off my robe and then grabbed her, letting her towel fall to the floor. She put her arms around me and we kissed. I turned on the shower and we kissed again moving our hands down to caress each other's pussies. She put two fingers deep into me and fucked me, then pulled them out and made me suck them. Then I sucked on her tits, taking her nipples in my mouth and slowly licking and sucking them. We soaped each other up and rinsed off. I put my hand down the crack of her ass. 
