 Marie stared at her reflection in the mirror, mildly guilty that she had been out drinking last night. Her head felt okay but she'd felt a little woozy this morning until she hit the exercise bike followed by a run and a shower. Honey blonde hair fell past her shoulders, the locks teased out to give her a wind-tossed look faintly reminiscent of a popular '80s style. High cheekbones set off a thin mouth and green eyes. 

Her mouth twitched in the merest suggestion of a smile. Okay she looked good, regular exercise had always managed keep the weight from her hips. Her best friend, Deanna had given her tickets to The Naughty Schoolgirl in the hopes that she could get an interview with some of the cast and as a part time freelance journalist it would help further her writing career. The play was interesting if a little risqué, the lesbian scenes were tastefully done but left her feeling a little weird. Afterwards her backstage pass enabled her to meet the rest of the cast including the up and coming star of the show a totally nude Lisa O'Hanlon.

Lisa was twenty five years old, Irish and incredibly good looking. Long auburn hair complemented a smooth, tanned complexion and whenever she laughed her green eyes lit up impishly and her cheeks reddened. Plump breasts with dark brown nipples bounced as she waved her hands in the air. Marie pulled her eyes from the black patch between her legs, suddenly conscious she was staring. Her rich full lips seemed to smile right into her and the interview was temporarily forgotten as Lisa chatted incessantly, eventually commenting on her blouse, a white silk number with ruffles in the shape of flowers cascading down the front opening. 

"Excuse me," she had laid a hand on her arm, "but where did you buy that beautiful blouse?"

"I, um, made it," she slid a hand under the blouse and rubbed her neck.

"No?" Lisa's eyes widened, "that is magnificent, it must have taken a long time to make."

"Long enough," she shrugged off handedly, "I've been making my own clothes for years, ever since my husband took off with another woman. I started with clothes for my son and graduated to making clothes for myself, as soon as he was old enough to learn the meaning of the word cool. I know it costs more to make but I find it, therapeutic."

She blushed, aware she was rambling as the younger woman turned suddenly.

"Hey, Billy, get your arse over here," she summoned a young man, "get this lady's number, she's a dressmaker. I love what she's wearing, she'd put your dressmaker to shame."

"Fabulous," he plucked at it, "ooh, silk, you wouldn't happen to have a website?"

"Um no, but I've got a big folder with pictures," Marie winced.

"You're hired," he sighed, "once I've seen the pictures of course," he fanned himself, "oh my, I think my beau would look fabulous in that," he swanned away and Lisa smirked.

"He's a hoot, incredibly talented and gay as they come," she squeezed her wrist gently, "what are you doing right now apart from ogling my naked body?"

"Huh?" Marie jumped, "shit, sorry."

"I was kidding you on," Lisa's eyes lit up, "listen, the cast is going out for drinks seeing as it's Stella's last night, she's the one who played Nancy, my character's schoolmistress. Why don't you come out with us we can do the interview thing there."

Marie hesitated as Lisa squeezed her hand gently.

"Please, I'd love you to come out with us. We're going to Kitty O'Shea's."

Marie stared into her emerald eyes and finally weakened.

"Okay, I'd love that."

"Smashing," Lisa stood and threw her arms around her, "sorry about this," she giggled. "I'm always on a high after a show, I hug everybody, you don't mind hugging a naked lesbian do you?"

Marie reciprocated nervously, not sure of where to put her hands.

"Of course not," she blushed, "this is a first for me," she continued.

"Hugging a lesbian?" she wriggled closer, "oh my God, this is what I love about acting, I get to snog all the sexy women."

The drive out to Highland Park that morning felt strange. She'd written part of a first draft the previous night but still had no structure and it bothered her. Usually she could punch out a reasonably good article or blog without too much hassle, but last night she'd been distracted and as much as she hated to admit it, scatterbrained. His face flashed before her and her lips tightened as she pushed her ex husband to the furthest recesses of her mind.

We are so not going to go there today, focus, focus, focus.

The house was located in Thwing Street, Highland Park and now that it was daylight, Marie could admire the exterior. It was the same style as the weather-boards on either side but the owner had painted these boards a rich cream with dark yellow window frames and porch. I could almost live there, she thought and clutched her large purse tightly. The night had been a blast, Kitty O'Shea's boasted they were the authentic Irish pub, the two hundred year old pitch pine flooring was even imported from the old country. The young crowd who had swarmed into the Qunicy Market area however definitely made her feel old, a feeling that wasn't helped by the fact she had promised to drive Lisa home. But nonetheless if this was a date then Lisa was definitely on the ball. The embrace at the front door later that night felt different from the backstage hug, there was something in it that whispered of longing and unbridled sensuality. Here was a woman who loved to fuck and didn't care about the consequences.

"So when do I get to see your portfolio?"

"My portfolio?" Marie smiled nervously, "you really want to see it?"

"I do, come back tomorrow," she smiled and a moment later locked her lips against her mouth and pressed hard, Marie resisted initially and then let the kiss continue for a split second more before breaking away.

Lisa squeezed her, "thank you for driving me home. I promise to stay sober tomorrow, at least until I can fuck your brains out," she chuckled.

Marie bit her lip and stepped towards the door. Last night had been different, today she was sober and determined to look the woman in the eyes. 

Fuck my brains out? Does she think I'm that easy?

The door opened before she could knock and Lisa greeted her with a smile. Marie stared at the schoolgirl outfit, white shirt, black skirt, striped tie and long boots, her pulse quickened suddenly and she smiled nervously.

"The top of the morning to you," Lisa waved her inside, "welcome to my parlour, again."

She tugged Marie's hair, "how's your head? I've got some fantastic headache pills in my cabinet, taken with a pint of Guinness they'll send you into outer space."

"Head's okay," she flicked her luxuriant locks lightly, "a little woozy but okay."

"We'll go easy on the hard stuff today," she squeezed her shoulder and tugged at her blouse, "another one of your creations?"

Marie glanced down at the high-necked blouse, the half collar fastened with two silver buttons, the other buttons were concealed by a placket. 

"Yeah," she nodded, "I made it for a portrait session."

"And the skirt?"

Marie pulled the split skirt aside to expose her legs, the split ended at her hip and was held together by silver buttons.

"Amazing, you are beautiful," she glided around her, "Antoine is going to cream his pants when he sees this. Okay, wine and you can show me your creations, I take it you're staying for dinner? We've got three days off because of the upcoming Labor day weekend," she cast her eyes around. "We can do it in here if you like? The portfolio thing that is, sorry," she grinned and whirled around, "we Irish are sex fixated, the consequence of being battered over the head by a thousand years of Catholic dogma."

She nodded at the wine cabinet, "another wine or is it too early in the day?"

"Hey, wine is fine, I felt great this morning."

"Spoken like a true Irishwoman," she giggled.

"Drink?" Lisa handed her the wine a minute or two later.

A few minutes later they were sitting on the couch while Lisa looked through the large folio, containing photos of her creations.

"We really have to do lunch with Antoine tomorrow but I'm afraid that's about all you'll get with him," Lisa closed the book with a smile, "I showed him my pussy the first night I met him but he wasn't interested."

Marie smirked and drained the wine.

"And this is the first draft of your first novel?"

"Yeah," she eyed it, "lonely housewife meets handsome Englishman and is torn between him and her construction worker husband. It's about as close my autobiography as I'll ever get, my husband owned a bar out near where we were last night, he left me for one of his barmaids."

Lisa read a few pages while Marie sat and smoked one of her cigarettes. 

"You are talented," she sat back and closing her eyes, exhaled suddenly.

"No I'm not. I'm good but not that talented, now that play you're in was talent."

"I'd disagree with your first statement but I'll agree with the second. What was your favourite scene?"

Marie smiled and thought for a moment. "Even though I'm not gay, I really liked the one where your character, tries to seduce Nancy, the schoolmistress."

"Ah," she smiled, "we're auditioning for a new Nancy. Our regular Nancy had to fly back to L.A for a family funeral and has taken permanent leave of absence to look after her mother, hence the outfit. We had to try a few women out this morning, I've snogged twenty five women today," she patted her breasts smilingly.

She tugged at the tie, "I should have changed out of this when I got home but then you turned up," she rubbed her back affectionately, "I told you to text me first."

"That's okay," she smiled, "it looks good on you."

Lisa kept rubbing her back while Marie extinguished the cigarette slowly.

"I'm not into lesbian stuff, but I had to admit that was riveting. How far would I go if a woman did that to me?"

She stared at her reflection, "God, I can't remember the lines."

Lisa slid her hand up her front and teased her hair gently, Marie turned slowly and straightened up as a hand inched down the placket and unfolded it. A thumb hooked around her waistband.

"Do you feel it? The urge?"

Marie blushed and felt a quivering in the pit of her stomach as Lisa moved up to her right breast and massaged it, she looked down in consternation.

"Don't you want to spread your wings and fly little bird?" Lisa kissed her cheek and kissed her firmly. Marie felt a sudden impulse to pull away, but then a strange disconnected feeling took over as she opened her mouth instinctively. They parted suddenly and her senses returned.

"Oh my God."

"You are good," Lisa tweaked her cheek smilingly, "of all the women I kissed today, you were the only one who didn't pull back, you ever considered getting into acting?"

"I was part of a drama group in college," she replied, "while I was doing my masters in English, but then I got married and once our marriage ended I had to go back to work," she glanced at her typed pages. 

"I've just started getting back into writing again after a fifteen year absence. My son is old enough to talk back and I'm only too willing to let him make his own mistakes. I worry about him but I know I'm being stupid, at some stage you have to step back and let him get on with it, he's a good kid though, loves his mom to death and acts as my unofficial bodyguard."

"Sounds like you have a great relationship," she smiled.

"We do," she looked over, "he's given me leave of absence today. How many teenage boys let their mothers do that? I don't have to worry he can't find his way to the refrigerator," she adjusted her glasses. "I have to admit, I haven't dated since my marriage broke up. It was one of those pledges I made that I would focus on raising my son."

"I found the character interesting," she went on, "the whole seduction angle, I was almost in the part of the schoolmistress. I think if it happened for me it would have to be like that, I'm too out of practice and too shy these days."

"You don't sound that shy."

"Trust me I am," she glanced over as Lisa sipped her drink.

They lapsed into silence for a few minutes before Lisa eventually spoke up.

"There were other lines for that scene. You saw the Americanized version, we had to water it down for American audiences, the original version is a little different."

"How so?" she squinted at her through her glasses, "and why?"

"Censorship," she closed her eyes, "hold on, let me get into character."

"I'm holding," she leaned forward and pulled her eyes from her breasts as her eyes snapped open and a mischievous smile spread over her face.

"It ends the same way," she explained, "but the start was a little different."

Marie hesitated but who could resist those delicious eyes?

"Okay, hit me with me it."

"You sure?"

"Positive," she slapped her leg.

A few moments later Lisa traced small circles up her back until she reached her head and teased her hair. Marie's eyes widened slightly. Long dainty fingers grabbed her placket and slid downwards, she looked down in mild alarm.

"Would you like to learn to fly, little birdie or are you still afraid of the darkness?"

The finger reached her skirt and continued down over her thigh, she wriggled and winced.

"Ooh, you are a frightened little birdie," Lisa cooed, "but you can stop this any time you want, just say no and I'll stop, I'm handing my power to seduce over to you."

She parted her legs and stroked her abdomen and this time Marie jerked, the younger woman continued stroking her hair and then removed her glasses. She blinked to clear her vision as the first signs of arousal began building. Lisa smiled and stroked her throat and although she shivered she kept her mouth closed, willing herself to move away but finding she was rooted to the spot. It was so familiar and yet so foreign.

She undid the collar and parted it. Marie's nipples began to ache as Lisa stroked her throat, spider like fingers slipped behind the collar and traced back and forth across her neck. Lisa grabbed the placket and see sawed up and down. Marie closed her eyes and let it happen, not sure what to do next until she felt another button pop loose. Her eyelids fluttered open as Lisa slid down the placket and pulled some of the material out.

"And you're wondering," she moved back up to the next button, "can I allow this to go on?" 

The next button slid through the buttonhole. The stroking moved down her throat following the opening V and setting her nerves tingling.

"After all, she's a schoolgirl and I'm a headmistress, this could cost me my job," she undid another button. Marie swallowed and forced herself back against the couch. Her fingers rested on the next button and she stared into her eyes. 

"Will I? Or are you going to scream?"

Marie stared at it, unable to move, part of her wanted to cry out but the other part wanted her to keep going. The blouse was open to just above her cleavage, her nipples were aching to be sucked. In the space of a minute or so a woman she barely knew had accomplished the impossible, the whole scenario was both frightening and arousing. The finger slid down to the next button and she locked her gaze onto it, daring it to pop loose and expose her bra. It hit the V and tugged downwards, she shivered involuntarily, not wanting to disrupt the movement, she should be fighting this but the power in this woman's touch was so arousing. 

How can I fight it?

"I don't know," she admitted.

"And that's where it ended," Lisa released the button and stretched, "the American backers told us to cut it to a simple kiss if we wanted to get paid, the writer was nearly in tears."

"He's not the only one," she stared at herself in the mirror, "I was almost hoping it would go further," she smiled.

Lisa arched an eyebrow.

"Curious?"

"Mildly," she smirked, "but I wasn't acting, although in my defence you didn't exactly give me my lines."

"There weren't any," she replied, "the poor schoolmistress is dumbstruck."

Marie traced her finger over her hand, letting herself focus on its smallness. She leaned forward and put her glasses on the coffee table as Lisa traced circles on her back. She let her eyelids drift downwards as the circling moved all over her back sending delicious sensations through her body. How long since she'd been touched like this? Not even he had done this. She felt the tingling in the small of her back and Lisa's fingernails slid up over her spine to her collar and through her hair. She rolled her head to one side and murmured her approval as her indecision wavered on the edge. Lisa slid her fingernails over her back. 

She shivered involuntarily and exhaled.

"God, that is so good."

"You have great muscle tone," Lisa murmured a moment or so later and swivelled around further, a second hand slid around her side to her belly and in between the buttons. She felt slight wetness between her legs as Lisa tickled her belly and back, a part of her wanted this to continue and the other wanted to stop it. She unclasped her hands and put one on Lisa's leg, the younger woman parted her legs and let it slide up a little further as she kept caressing her back. She reached the collar and grabbing it gently, pulled it back and stroked her throat with the other hand. 

Marie turned to stare at her mesmerized by the actions, their lips met a second later in a tentative kiss that sent her pulse racing. She turned around to engage her more directly and instinctively reached for her neck as her mouth was forced apart. She almost pulled away but the softness of her lips was so erotic and soothing. A hand slid down her front to the next button and then released it and pressed hard against her breast. A thumb moved back and forth over her nipple and Marie moaned gently as she worked her mouth. Her breasts were aching to be touched and fondled. She broke free and exhaled a second later gathering her strength, enough to push away but instead she locked her fingers around the tie and pulled it firmly. Their lips met a moment later and she slid her tongue inside and felt pressure as Lisa pushed hard against her. 

She felt the button popping loose and soft fingers stroking her front, she fell sideways against the arm of the couch and broke free again. Lisa's face swam before her like some demon lover, a hand cupped her breast and Lisa leaned forward and kissed her throat.

Lisa let her hand fall to the next button but Marie grabbed her hand and held it there, and then she slid her hand down the sleeve of the shirt and raising her head, kissed her quickly. Lisa's lips parted and tugged at her bottom lip. Marie tilted her head slightly and grabbing Lisa's head between her hands, kissed her passionately. Lisa's fingers were still locked on her button, she tugged outwards and slid her tongue in and out playfully. Marie tightened her grip on Lisa's head and as the button started inching out of the buttonhole she broke free and kissed her tentatively. Dainty fingers traced up and down her front, over her bare skin and the bra. Her left breast fit perfectly in Lisa's soft hand and she pushed it into her, allowing the nipple tease to continue. 

Her breathing came in ragged moans as she shifted her hands to the tie and fumbled with the knot. Lisa parted her blouse and tickled her front with soft sweeping movements that sent her into a frenzy of kissing. The tie came loose and she pulled it free and slid her hands over her breasts, feeling their softness under her thumbs. Lisa moaned gently as she found her mouth again, a tongue slid inside and she pushed forward, willing herself to cross the line.

They parted, both breathing heavily. She studied her front as Lisa unbuttoned her white shirt and opened it to expose her bra, Lisa smiled crookedly.
