 Faith went home and spent the rest of the day getting ready for later in the night when Lexy got there.

* 

Faith had to have everything special. She had to make her realize that Lex was the one she wanted, not Lex's husband. She hoped that Rob wasn't going to come between them; she couldn't wait to see Lex. She was missing her like crazy. She knew Lex was probably fucking Rob as she spoke; it killed her, but there was nothing she could do about it.

She'd prepared a delicious meal. Poached salmon, creamed potatoes and green beans. With, she hoped, herself as dessert. Lex texted her saying she'd be there around 8.

But Lex hadn't arrived by 8:30 and the suspense was killing Faith. She started to pace the kitchen wondering where Lex was. She'd never been late before and it was making her uneasy.

At about 9:30 she started to get the hint that Lex had chosen Rob over her -- and it shattered her world. Before she met Lex she always thought that she was straight, but then found out that indeed she loved her so much that she couldn't picture being with a man. Hell, she couldn't be with any other woman again in her life.

She started to clean up, moving the plates and wrapping the food up to put it in the fridge. She grabbed a bottle of Coors Light from the door, opened it and drained the beer in one tilt to her mouth. She killed three more bottles and dashed them into the kitchen sink before she heard a knock at the door.

That is when Lex poked her head in.

"Hey sorry I'm late, I went to text you but my cell died. I hope you're not mad at me baby."

Lex flinched at Fath's appearance. She noticed her bloodshot eyes and the empty bottles in the sink knowing exactly what she was thinking.

Lex walked directly to Faith and cupped her face in her hands. "I haven't chosen Rob over you, baby. I can't live without you You don't have to worry."

"Why didn't you call me, Lex? Of course I was worried! Not about Rob, about you! I thought something had happened to you."

"I'm fine, Faith," Lex replied, Then she pulled Faith into her arms, kissing her lips gently. "You never have to worry. I always keep my word baby."

"I know you do babe, but I still was worried, you are so late!"

"I'm here now, let's just make the most of our time together," Lex whispered, pulling herself deeper into Faith's mouth, while her hands explored her gorgeous body.

Her hands dipped up and under her blouse and unclasped her bra. She moved them round to her chest and lifted her cups, freeing her. She set about gently tweaking her nipples. Faith moaned into her mouth, quickly forgetting her anger. She felt herself getting instantly wet as Lex kept gently probing Faith's mouth with her tongue.

Forget the supper. Go straight to dessert. Faith pulled away from Lex and stared deep into her eyes.

"Go lie down in my bed. I have a surprise just for you."

"You do?" Lex asked her in surprise. "What is it?"

"I'm not telling you Lex, just be certain you will love it." Faith smiled and kissed her sweet lover once more. "Now go get comfortable on the bed and I'll go get your surprise all ready."

"Whatever you say Faith," Lex said as she reluctantly let go of her lover. 

Lex walked to the bedroom and slowly peeled off her clothes, drawing out the anticipation as much as she could.

Faith walked in a few moments later with the surprise. In her hands were containers of strawberries, whipped cream, champagne and two glasses. On her body she wore a purple corset with matching stockings. On her crotch, she sported a strap-on.

Lex gasped and felt a very pleasant rush. She asked: "Oh God, you really are horny aren't you sweets?"

"I'm always horny for you baby," Faith smiled as she put the tray down and crawled up onto the bed. "So what do you want to do first?"

"Well, how about putting that big cock in me Faith and make me scream your name?"

"Sounds like a plan to me. Just have to figure out how to turn this on."

"It's vibrating?"

"Well ... not for you, but the dildo inside me is,"

"Really? Sounds like fun, how about you let me join the party. huh?"

"As you wish," Faith said. 

Then she thrust the big dick into Lex's wet pussy, making her cry out in pleasure. Lex regained her breath and said a good bit more. "Oh God, Faith! I love you so much baby. Do you know how much I want this?"

"I can guess," Faith laughed as she moved forward and captured Lex's lips. She closed her eyes in the pleasure of fucking Lex, while the vibe in her own pussy pushed toward her own orgasm.

"Oh god, Faith! You sure you've just started fucking women? You know exactly just what to do, how and where" Lex arched her hips and grasped the bed sheets as tight as she could, feeling her own orgasm building fast.

"I'm sure," Faith said as she let go of the lip lock and concentrated on giving Lex the best fucking of her life so far. She bit on her lip and kept up the steady rhythm.

"Keep going Faith, don't stop baby!" Lex moaned in pleasure, raising her hips to meet each thrust. Faith didn't say a word; just kept pounding her faster and harder each time Lex cried out her name. She was enjoying loving her, loving herself. Lex cried out her name once more as she came, soaking the sheets beneath her.

"Faith!" Lex gasped. "Oh I love you so much, there's no way on earth I could leave you."

"Good," Faith grinned. Then she followed Lex's lead and started to come, hard.

"Wait, I want to taste you!" Lex said as she scooted forward and stuck out her tongue to catch the flow. "I love the way you taste," she said.

Once Lex was satisfied there was no cum left on Faith, she sat up and smiled at her. "Switch you, You need to be properly fucked," she unhooked the strap on from Faith and removed the cum soaked vibrator from her pussy. Lex strapped it onto herself, grinned. She took one look at Faith and launched herself at her. "It's time for me to pleasure you baby."

"I'm all yours Lexy.." Faith moaned as she opened her legs to give her access. "I"m giving myself fully to you, my Lexy."

"My, my Faith. A little excited to see me?" Lex gasped as she saw how wet Faith was for her. "I've never seen you so wet before baby. Do you want me to satisfy your appetite?"

"I've never been this wet before, and it's all because of you Lexy," Faith sighed, looking up at this beautiful woman on top of her. "I've never wanted anything so much in my entire life. So go ahead and fill me up Lex."

"If that's what my baby wants, that is what she'll get," Lex replied and plunged the dildo straight into Faith.

A low loud moan escaped from Faith's lips and she came on the spot. Lex smiled.

"Brace yourself sweetie, that is only the first orgasm that you'll be riding today because of me." Lex thrust harder into Faith's wet pussy, also rubbing her swollen sensitive clit.

"Oh God Lex," Faith moaned as she felt the dildo hit her cervix. She arched her hips up to match Lex's rhythm and pulled her in for a kiss, her tongue plunging deep inside Lex's mouth while her roaming hands found her hardened pointed nipples. She started to tweak them gently, slowly at first but steadily harder as Lex pounded into Faith's pussy. It didn't take long before Faith was riding out yet another explosive orgasm, more intense than the last.

"Lex," she gasped, "Lex I love you. You are the most amazing person I've ever met."

"I love you too!" Lex called as she out as she, too, came. "Only you Faith, only you. You are the only one for me."

"Leave Rob for me then, baby."

"Not as easy as that babe. It may take a while, but trust me when I say I'm all yours."

"I want you to be all mine, baby. I want you, always."

"I want that too -- but for now, until I can afford things on my own, I have to be with Rob, and he has to know nothing about us. Okay?"

"Oooh, Lex, playing it cool.! I can be your mistress whilst you work things out baby," Faith moaned as Lex pushed into her once again.

Lex leaned in and kissed Faith passionately on the lips. "You'd do that for me baby? Hide this all from Rob?"

"I'd hide your plans from him Lex, but he does know about us -- doesn't he?"

"You know he does baby," Lex replied, giving up her assault for the moment and she brushed some hair away from Faith's sweaty forehead. "But he wants me to break it off with you and just be with him." she admitted. "But let's forget about him; we have more important things to worry about right now."

"And those are?"

"What do we do next?"

"Right now I want you to stay tonight Lex, don't go back to him tonight."

"I don't intend to go back to him tonight baby. All I want to know is what do you want to do for the rest of the night?"

"You know, I've never made love in the tub or in the shower yet. Like to de-virginize me in those?"

"Would be my pleasure. Anywhere else? I can handle doing this all night and well into the morning with you." Lex giggled as she delved her tongue into Faith's mouth once again before she trailed her lips down over her chest, grazing her nipples and down across her taut stomach. Lex started to shake as the strap on hit Faith in the leg, which caused the vibrator inside her own pussy to shift and become more intense. It couldn't have gotten deeper inside her if she tried. She groaned as her lips suckled on Faith's vaginal lips, taking her juices and then she lightly ran her tongue over her wet sex.

Faith suddenly sat up and pushed Lex back. "Lay down Lex: I think you need some attention now," she said as she eased Lex down onto the bed and straddled her hips.

"So how do you want me to do this? You want me to ride your pole till you orgasm? Fuck you with the strap on? Fist? Fingers? My tongue? With my pussy? Another toy? I know you brought things with you." she grinned. "All up to you my love," and she circled her tongue around Lex's left nipple. "All for you."

"How about everything above and more?," Lex smiled. "Start with your fingers, then fist me and hard and after I cum from that use your tongue to clean me. Then I want to feel your pussy against mine, my clit against yours before you fuck me with the strap on. After that I'll let you decide."

"Your wish is my command, love." Faith smiled sweetly at Lex and released her of the strap on As the vibrator popped out of Lex's stretched pussy,.her reservoir of juices flooded behind it. Faith looked on in astonishment. "Wow, are you wet love!"

"Fuck me Faith! I need your fingers inside me" Lex grabbed Faith's hand and guided it to her pussy. "Fill me baby!" Faith gratefully obliged and slipped four fingers easily into Lex's body.

"Tell me when you're ready for my fist!" Faith ordered as she pounded her fingers in and out of Lex's pussy and was greeted with loud and pleasure-filled moans.

"Oh God Faith ... yeah ... sooooo good," she moved her hips to meet her fingers. "Suck my clit ... oh God suck it hard."

"Not until I've fisted you Lexy my baby, you asked for it and I am obliged to do it for you," Faith answered as she pulled her fingers out of Lex momentarily. She curled her hand into a fist and started to slowly push it inside Lex's body. Lex's pussy stretched as Faith's fist entered it, taking it all in. Faith started to move it back and forth, rocking her to completion.

"Faith, oh God!" Lex gasped for air as she clutched the sheet beneath her. "I'm going to squirt Faith! I can feel it!"

Faith quickly removed her fist and started rubbing Lex's clit, adding to the pressure as Lex released herself all over Faith's hand.

"Was that good for you baby?" Faith asked as she rode the last of her orgasm.

"Very good," Lex panted. "Simply amazing!"

"And now it's time to clean you." Faith leaned down and took Lex's ever-so-sensitive clit into her mouth and licked from the tip all the way down to her vaginal opening, sucking up all she could. She felt it drip onto the bottom of her lip. She stuck out her tongue and licked it off, savoring the flavor of Lex. "Mmm, you taste wonderful. So what was next then Lexy? Do you want me to continue?"

"Fuck me with that wonderful pussy of yours. I want to feel you on me."

Faith raised an eyebrow and smiled. God, Lex certainly knew how to go some. Faith put one leg over Lex's and one under before scooting forward and touched her pussy to Lex's slowly moving back and forth causing them both to cry out in pleasure.

"That is amazing Faith," Lex moaned as Faith rode her, clits rubbing against one another. "Oh God!", and then she started to spasm. "I'm ... " she panted hard. "Going to cum again, faster Faith ... ooooooooo myyyyyyy gooooooodddddd. You gotta cum with me Faith, please cum with me baby."

"I'm with you baby," Faith called out as they both came together. Both collapsed back onto the bed, happy and completely spent.

*

more to cum... if there's anything you would like to see happen, let us know, we're more than willing to comply with your every wish and desire. :-) Thanks to CaptainMidnight for editing.