 Nora Franco was at her desk trying to decide if she was going to take a bath first or just go to sleep when she got home. She threw her long Blonde hair over her shoulder as she closed the word processing program. She had been daydreaming about relaxing for most of the day. She had imagined her own little paradise of bubbles, music and candles before watching a favored chick flick. 

Her son, Brady, was with his grandparents all weekend so it was time for her to have some down time. Nora had hopes for a night of rest. She logged out of the computer before she picked up her briefcase to head toward the elevator. 

It has been almost an hour since most of the people in her office had left work for the day. 

"Hey Nora, come with us," Barbara said as she and Tiffany walked toward Nora with grins. 

Nora moaned. She was not in the mood to go out though if she really was honest with herself she didn't want to be home alone on a Friday night. The whole idea of a bath or shower had been because she didn't have a date. 

The tall brunette who was Barbara flashed her pearly whites at Nora while Tiffany the shorter red head took over the conversation. They all walked toward the elevator together. 

"We're going out and we think you need to have some fun. So what if your last boyfriend only hung around long enough to get you to sleep with him. That's life, move on," Tiffany said bluntly before she pushed the call button for the elevator. The elevator doors opened up before they stepped inside. 

Nora had been trying to forget her horrible love life but that was hard with friends like hers. It was lucky they were in the elevator alone because it would have been embarrassing otherwise. 

Nora grunted, "So what is this place you want to go to?" she asked as she looked from one friend to another. 

"Nope not telling you just be dressed and at my house by 7 sharp," Barbara said, "Oh and if you don't show up we will come drag your ass out of the house," she added with a smile as they exited the elevator and went toward their cars in different directions. 

Nora knew Barb wasn't kidding that woman was a faithful friend and she never did give up when she got something in her head. 

--

Nora never did get to soak in the tub that night. She took a quick shower than focused on making a healthy dinner for herself because going out with her friends. The times she had been out with Barb and Tiffany it always involved copious amounts of alcohol. She needed to cushion her stomach with starchy food and bread. She prepared spaghetti for an army then some garlic toast. It was quick and easy and very filling. She thought she might have eaten too much afterward because she could feel herself becoming a little drowsy. She rubbed her small stomach before she shook herself as she got up from the stool at the kitchen counter. No, that will never do she thought before she put the dishes in the dishwasher. 

She did a quick once over of her small but efficient kitchen before she went around the house picking up items. Her two bedroom home seemed lonely with Brady gone but it was a good kind of alone that she rarely had time to experience. For just a moment she wanted to stay home again. She shook it off. Life was too short to spend the little time she had as a single woman with regrets. 

--

Standing in front of the closet she realized how few clubbing clothes she had. If the television was any indication of how to dress when going out she thought maybe she should just put on lingerie and get it over with. She laughed to herself. She bit her lips as she reached toward the back. There was a bag straight from the cleaners. It had been several months since she even looked at it. 

She pulled the bag out then laid it on the bed. The red silk dress was fresh and sexy as the day she bought it with the hopes that her boyfriend at the time would love it. It was short bandage style dress with a slit on each side for easy access she thought. The bodice had a deep vee and the sleeves where fluttery. It was sexy sophisticate she thought. 

She pulled on a pair of red thong panties and a lace bra that had support but still looked sexy. After she zipped up the dress she felt sexy all over. This should work for any place they went to she considered as she watched herself swirl in the mirror. Her long legs were toned and looked shapelier as she pulled on black high heels. 

---

They were half way to the club before they ever got around to discussing the destination. The first few minutes they had talked of the new guy at the office Jeffrey. It was all about how gorgeous he was and how they had heard rumors he didn't mind sleeping with co-workers. 

"So what is this place?" Nora asked before she saw Barbara look over at Tiffany who was driving her 2002 Black BMW. 

Something was definitely going on Nora thought as she moved her hair over her shoulder in a nervous gesture. 

The other two ladies were quiet so long Nora began to fear they were setting her up on a date or worse trying to get her back together with her scum of an ex. 

"Come on now you too are making me nervous."

Barbara burst out laughing as they turned into the drive of a strip joint on the strip. It was lit up and people were going inside at such a rapid pace it could have been the circus. 

Tiffany looked over at Nora. 

"What?" Nora said as she shrugged. 

"We thought you would freak out if you knew. Some girls go here they say it's kind of fun and if you want to get laid well the guys are already in the mood," Tiffany added. 

"So you don't mind?" Barbara said as she parked on the other side of the parking lot. 

Nora laughed she was the one that tended to always be about her wits and be the one to take the fun out of the good times. On this night she felt ready for anything but probably because he son was out of town, he was safe and taken care of. All she had to do was relax and let loose for once. 

"I think this might be interesting but I am not that desperate to get laid ladies keep that in mind," Nora said as she got out of the car. 

"All right lets go check out some strippers," Tiffany said as they all hooked arms on the way to the door. 

The bouncer didn't bother to check their identification he only smiled as he let them in the door. Three gorgeous women, check, he thought as he watched them go inside. 

--

Nora was surprised by the size of the club. It had to be at least the size of a football field. There was a bar near the entrance as well as chairs, booths and stools for those patrons who wanted to eat. As they walked by the bar they could see the stripping areas. Nora saw at least ten polls spread out with chairs around the girls stripping. Each of the areas was packed not only the chairs but the people stood behind them. It was a full house that was for certain. 

There was also a dance floor for those who dared to compete with the strippers as far as receiving attention. 

Tiffany looked over at Nora to check her reaction. "Well? Are we staying?" 

Nora nodded something about the place seemed familiar to her. It wasn't something she was ready to confess but she liked it. 

"I'm good let's get a drink," Nora said as she took the lead. 

The other two shrugged before they followed Nora in her sexy red dress. Tiffany had chosen a pair of tight jeans and a low cut midriff top in pink while Barbara showed her thighs in a black leather dress. 

--

At the bar Nora ordered tequila shots for them all before she sat down on the stool "Cheers Chicks," she said. Nora downed her shot after licking the salt off the back of her hand.

The other too thought they might have lost the real Nora in the parking lot it seemed the new one was all about party central. Neither of them was complaining. A happy Nora was always a good night out. 

"Okay anyone want to get out there and do some shaking?" Tiffany asked as she looked toward the dance floor where several women were already dancing. One of them was making a fool of herself on the poll put there to test their skills. 

Nora looked around the room and found her eyes kept returning to a woman who sat near the center of the floor alone at a table. She had long dark curly hair and brown skin. She found herself biting her lip as the woman moved her long hair over her shoulder in what was an impatient gesture as she checked her watch. Nora tried to take her eyes off of her but it was hard. Nora felt herself moisten between her legs. She cleared her throat then noticed her friends were going toward the dance floor so she followed. 

Nora danced with her friends for several songs but she kept looking over at the dark haired woman. She didn't know why she was so mesmerized by the woman who only seemed to be minding her own business. It was then that the woman looked up at her. She wet her lips then nodded but only sighed yet stayed at her table still alone. 

Nora excused herself from her friends to go to the ladies room. The line was two deep so she waited. He hands were sweaty and she could tell she was overly wet in her slit. She wasn't sure what she was going to do but she could feel her body get excited. 

Inside the stall she was tempted to get out her vibe but it wasn't going to do her any good besides she had never done anything like that in public before. She took a few deep breathes then looked at herself in the mirror once she came out of the stall.  

She was flushed on her face and her nipples could be seen through her dress. She couldn't quite understand her arousal but it was real and she had a feeling the dark haired beauty was to blame. She thought she might just go with it. She reached in her bag and grabbed her compact to get rid of the shine off her face. She applied more red lip stick to her slightly full lips then left the room. 

She met Barb and Tiffany on the way back to find them. 

"Hey you okay?" Barb asked. 

"Oh I'm great, ready for more shots?" Nora said with a smile that was meant to show that she was fine. No way they would know she all disturbed or unsure about being turned on by a woman. 

She had no idea how they would feel about it so she was going to mention it at all.

-- Another ten minutes passed while they drank but Nora looked over to find the brown beauty had gone. She felt disappointed but she only smiled at Tiffany who saw her looking around. 

"You sure you are fine?"

"I'm great," she was going to say when she looked up to find the brown beauty stood in front of her. 

"Want to dance?" she asked Nora. 

Nora cleared her throat. She was going to go for it. "Sure, all of us, right?" she said a she looked from Tiffany to Barb then back to the stranger. 

The beauty said, "Sure the more the merrier," before she walked toward the floor with the others following.

"Oh Nora have you been keeping a secret?" Tiffany teased her. 

Nora blushed as they all began to dance to the music. Her entire body was reacting to the beat. She had never felt so horny in her life. It was a free for all on the dance floor they all just danced together. It was fun and not personal but the Brown haired lady finally did tell Nora her name. 

"I'm Chelsea," the lady whispered in her ear. 

Nora took notice of Chelsea's long legs in the short dress she wore that was tight and left little to the imagination. It was low in the front and strapless with a slightly ruffled him. It was feminine, sexy and told Nora that Chelsea was ready for anything. 

Tiffany and Barbara looked up to see that Nora was staring at the other woman. The two ladies shrugged. They weren't going to judge it was surprising but if it was going to make Nora happy then they were silently happy for her. 

---- Part Two----

Chelsea could feel Nora's eyes on her. She moved a bit sexier slowly turning around to face the other woman with a smirk on her face. 

"Hey you wanna get out of here?" Chelsea asked before Nora nodded. 

Nora was normally as straight-laced as they came. There was nothing kinky or naughty in her life that someone might say led her to follow a woman out of a club. There was one thing that no one knew besides Nora. Nora had a reoccurring dream about being with a woman of color. The woman in the dream looked an awful lot like Chelsea. Nora felt what was going to happen was meant to be. She wasn't opposed to experimenting in her life choices she actually felt like it was time she took a walk on the wild side. 

Nora emerged from her thoughts to find that Chelsea had been stopped near the door by a tall dark haired man. He was quite attractive with shoulder length hair and brown eyes. He was dressed in a black leather jacket with fitted jeans and he worn a tee shirt underneath she could see it had SNOOPY on it. 

"Hey Nora, my date finally arrived," Chelsea said with irritation in her voice as she rolled her eyes.

Javier was known for his bad timing; it wasn't the first time he had been late. He always had a good excuse but Chelsea realized long ago that the excuses were really women. He was a charmer or they would have never lasted as long as they had.

"Hey I am Javier," the man said before he put out his hand for Nora to take. 

Nora smiled, "Nice to meet you," she replied as she touched hit slightly rugged feeling hands. 

"Babe," Javier said before they were told to move outside or come all the way inside, "I had to shower after work and I got off later than I thought."

"So the phone wasn't working but you were?" Chelsea said as she interrupted him. "Hey you stay here and enjoy because I'm done," she added. 

Nora was unsure of following Chelsea but she saw the woman stop and motion for her to come on. "Sorry," she muttered to Javier who didn't seem all that broken up about the break up. He stood for only a second to watch the ladies go toward the parking lot before he went to the bar to get a drink. She always comes back, he thought. 

--Nora got in the car with Chelsea who was parked down the road from the club. They sat silently for long moments. 

"Sorry," Chelsea said, "I am not going to let the dirt bag ruin my mood," she added before she turned on the radio then turned to Nora.

"Maybe this is a bad time," Nora suggested just before Chelsea put her hand on her face. 

Chelsea had known from the moment she saw Nora that the other woman was a virgin as far as being with women. Chelsea on the other hand went both ways and sometimes both ways at once. She hoped to someday to find someone whether male or female to share her life with but for now she had her fun as safely as possible with whomever she fancied. 

"Never a bad time to learn something new," Chelsea said as she leaned over near Nora's face. The other woman met her half way as she pushed her lips against hers. They melded together tongue to tongue. Chelsea moved her hands over Nora's top as Nora moaned. She had gotten wet all over again. 

Nora moved closer to the seat where Chelsea sat before she looked up at her. 

"Tell me what about me has attracted you?" Chelsea asked.

Nora tried to move back over with a gleam in her blue eyes but Chelsea stopped her. "You seemed calm while everything around you was frantic. I mean naked women climbing on polls rubbing themselves in front of men, men cat calling, the fry cook calling out orders, loud music, men asking you to dance and none of it seemed to bother you. You were a little occupied with the phone though," Nora said though she was teasing. 

Chelsea laughed before she moved her head down to kiss Nora again. "I can't be bothered with what other people think of me," Chelsea said as she looked Nora in the eyes, "You sure you want to start this?" 

Nora nodded. 

"Once you do it you will never be the same again, I promise," Chelsea said before she took Nora's hand in hers it felt warm but slightly sweaty.

Chelsea had a good feeling about Nora. She hoped the other woman wouldn't flake out on her. 

"I'm fine with that." Nora said it with determination in her voice. 

Chelsea unzipped her own dress before Nora climbed back with her. The clothes were discarded quickly as they kissed passionately in the large back seat. Chelsea instructed Nora to lie down on the soft leather seat so that she could initiate her into the sisterhood in the most toe tingly way possible. 

Nora couldn't be still as Chelsea teased her clit with her tongue as well as her fingers. She used two fingers than three as she moved slowly in and out of her over wet slit. "Just relax," Chelsea said as she rolled her fingers to give different sensations to the experience. 

Nora shaved pussy was spread open for any who walked by to see but the windows were fogged and they were out of the line of traffic. Nora moaned intermittently she couldn't hold back. Her body felt on fire as though it had no idea how to respond to the strange invasion. 

Nora pushed up against Chelsea's mouth as she encouraged her to continue her task. Nora's racked her hands through Chelsea's long hair, her legs relaxed of their own accord as the orgasm began to build up. Chelsea's tongue finally made its way home to the moist cavern were the sensitive nerve endings lived. She sucked and teased up, down and around the clit and back again. Chelsea enjoyed the giving as much as the receiving though Nora had no idea about that just yet. 

Nora screamed out, "Oh my god, oh oh oh," before she came once, twice then a third time. The waves were intense as she closed her eyes and tried to breathe. "I don't know how to say it but just wow; I didn't know what I was missing."

Chelsea smiled as she closed Nora's legs to allow her calm back down a few moments before she leaned over to kiss her lips again. 

Nora sighed then reached up to fondle Chelsea's firm D sized tits before she set about suckling them. She traced her hands over Chelsea's firm ass for a squeeze which elicited a moan from Chelsea. Chelsea lay on top of Nora just angled so she could allow her to play. Nora had never had so much pleasure before she wasn't ready for it to end just yet. 

--Back inside the bar Barb and Tiffany had begun to wonder where Chelsea had taken Nora. They had danced with a couple guys then given excuses as to why they needed to stay around the bar. 

Barb fumed, "The tall guy is fine, I can't believe Nora just wondered off," she complained to Tiffany who was eyeing a tall Blonde man across the room. He was with another Blonde man that was a bit shorter they both looked ready to leave. Seriously was it a Blonde convention? 

"Hey Barb, check out the two Babes' near the window over there. They have potential let's go chat."

Barb rolled her eyes, "We can chat once we know what Nora is up to focus Tiff."

"Look I got to say it Chelsea took Nora off to show her something new, more than likely I am not worried about Nora," Tiffany said with a knowing look at Barb. 

Barb shook her head, "What?"

"Oh my goodness, to screw her Barb. You obviously were not paying attention. Nora wanted what Chelsea had to give, remember?" 

Barbara smiled, "Yeah but that's been a while ago. I'm worried now."

Tiffany rolled her eyes again, "Okay let's give her another fifteen minutes then we go track her down ok? Until then let's go chat with guys giving us the eyes now please."

---Part Three---

Chelsea straddled Nora after a few minutes as they sat up on the back seat. Nora twirled her tongue around Chelsea's nipple while she continued sucking each one. Her hands caressed the other woman's back while Chelsea was in heaven as she leaned back to give Nora room to play. 

There was a knock on the window a second later, Chelsea sighed. She knew it had to be Javier or his adopted brother Terrance who worked at the club. 

Nora looked up at Chelsea before she pulled her dress over her nakedness. "I hope that's not the police," she said with nervousness in her voice. 
