 AUTHOR'S NOTE: After a night of passionate lovemaking, Ami makes a new friend on the beach.

*****

Ami stretched out face down on the lounge chair on the beach near a palm-frond covered canopy. She reached back to undo the straps of her bikini top, allowing them to fall to her sides so that she could avoid tan lines on her back. Her large breasts mashed against the chair, and with her hands resting above her shoulders, she was displaying quite a bit of side boob to anyone who happened by, but that didn't bother her.

It was as if last night's balcony episode had flipped a switch inside her brain and suddenly she couldn't resist the idea of showing off just a little.

She was half-way dozing when she heard someone occupy the chair next to her. 

Through partially opened eyes, she saw a woman with long blond hair tied in a French braid sit down on the chair and begin arranging her stuff. After lining it all up on the small table beside her chair, she stood and unwrapped the white sarong with gold trim that covered a tiny white bikini. 

From her angle, Ami could see that the bikini bottom only covered about half of the woman's ass. It was somewhere between a thong and a normal bikini, and for some reason her mind immediately came up with the name "bong" to describe it.

A slight giggle escaped her lips at the thought of her cleverness, and the woman turned her head quickly at the sound, and Ami closed her eyes, pretending to be asleep.

With her eyes closed, Ami couldn't see the woman's bemused smile as she settled on the chaise. A minute or two went by before Ami dared another peek through half-lidded eyes.

The woman beside her was sitting upright with one leg bent and the other out straight. She was staring off at the ocean, but her eyes were unfocused, as if she were looking way into the distance. Ami could see two small white triangles vainly trying to cover her large breasts, succeeding only in hiding her obviously hard nipples and the areola surrounding them.

Ami adjusted her gaze upward to take in the woman's face, and she immediately froze.

"Oh my God!" her mind screamed. "That's the woman who saw me last night!"

Her heart was beating so hard in her chest that she was sure the woman could hear it. She didn't know what to do, so she continued to pretend to be asleep.

As if reading her thoughts, the woman spoke, knowing all along that Ami was awake.

"You know," she said in a husky voice with a pitch accent that signaled she was probably Dutch, "I saw you last night ... at the window ..."

Ami's heart beat even harder, and she wanted to crawl away, but she continued to feign sleep while she worked out what to do.

"It was ... hot," the woman said.

"What?!" Ami exclaimed, so taken aback that she forgot she was supposed to be asleep and started to rise up only to remember that her top was unfastened and immediately laid back down and frantically tried to reconnect the straps.

"Don't worry," the woman said. "I've already seen them. Nice ... very nice!"

Ami sighed in defeat and gave up trying to reconnect her bikini, settling back on the chair with her head turned away from the woman, hoping she would just go away.

"Here, let me help," she heard the woman say, and then hands were grasping the straps and stretching them across her back. 

"Did she just brush the sides of my breasts?" Ami thought, unsure if she had felt it or just imagined it. 

Long fingers hooked the bikini fasteners into the eyelets, and the woman said, "There. You're all good."

Slowly, Ami raised herself up on her elbows and turned to look at the woman. Piercing blue eyes stared back into Ami's emerald green eyes, and Ami found herself fascinated by the woman's mouth, which was curved into an inviting smile.

"Hi, I'm Liesel," the woman said, extending her right hand in greeting.

Ami paused a beat before extending her hand to shake. When their palms grasped, Ami felt a jolt of electricity send a tremor through her body.

"Hi," she said meekly. "I'm mortified."

Liesel laughed, and the sound seemed to erase all of Ami's embarrassment, and before she knew it, she was laughing right along with her.

When they were finally able to stop, Ami said, "I am so sorry about last night. I don't know what came over me to do something like that. It was totally out of character for me."

"Don't apologize," Liesel said. "I've been known to 'put on a show' occasionally myself, and besides, like I said, 'it was hot!' "

Ami actually blushed, and another jolt of electricity passed through her. She realized that she could feel a trickle of wetness between her legs. 

Ami didn't know what to say, but Liesel continued on as if this was the most natural conversation in the world, as if to say, "Sure, I saw you naked last night and lusted after your body. Isn't this weather amazing?"

"Are you here on holiday," Liesel asked?

"Yes," answered Ami hesitantly. "With my husband," she added.

"So I gathered," Liesel responded, and Ami wasn't quite sure what she meant by that.

"He's out diving this morning," Ami said. "Are you married?"

"Yes, but he's still asleep. Let's just say I kept him up late last night," she said with a mischievous smile. "What can I say? Something, or rather someone, inspired me."

Ami blushed again. This woman was clearly hitting on her, and that was a new sensation for Ami. She liked it. It didn't hurt that she was extremely attractive.

"Would you mind putting some tanning oil on my back?" Liesel asked, rolling over on her stomach and reaching behind her to untie the string holding her bikini.

"Uhh, sure," Ami said, reaching for the brown Hawaiian Tropic bottle sitting beside her on the table.

She fumbled with the cap, managing to pour out too much in the process and she quickly moved her hands to Leisel's back to avoid allowing the oil to drip away into the sand.

She clearly had more than she needed, and she watched as the excess rolled off Liesel's back and coated the side of her breast.

"Oooh, that tickles," Liesel giggled

Without thinking, Ami moved her hand to the side of Liesel's breast to scoop up the oil and slide it onto her back.

The contact brought an entirely different sound from Liesel.

"Mmm, you don't waste any time, do you?" She teased.

Horrified, Ami said, "Oh, I'm so sorry. It's just that the oil was ... I mean ... Oh God ..." 

Liesel laughed and said, "I'm just teasing. It's OK. Go ahead"

Ami's face was burning red from embarrassment, and she was glad that Liesel couldn't see her. She returned her hands to the woman's back and began to rub the oil into her skin.

Ami had certainly done the same for other girlfriends, but for some reason, this felt different. She took longer than required, and perhaps her fingers slid a little further down the sides of Liesel's breasts than was necessary, and maybe she didn't need to slip her fingers under the elastic band of her bikini bottom, but she told herself she was just being thorough. 

"Would you like me to do the back of your legs, too?" Ami asked, with perhaps a hint of anticipation in her voice.

"Sure, thanks!" Liesel replied.

Ami poured more oil into her hand, managing not to spill it this time, and began at Liesel's feet and worked her way up. She admired the toned calves, and she applied a little pressure gently massaging them as she rubbed the oil in.

"Mmm, that feels so good," Liesel sighed. "Don't stop."

Ami felt a touch a pride and emboldened, she lightly caressed the spot behind Liesel's knee - a spot that never failed to get Ami hot when Ren touched her there - and she was rewarded by a stifled moan from Liesel, who also seemed to find that spot erogenous.

Working up her thighs, Ami realized she was faced with a bit of a dilemma. Liesel's bikini bottom left much of her ass exposed, and Ami wasn't sure just how far she could go.

She decided to throw caution to the wind.

She got more oil and spread it in her palms before beginning where her thigh met her hip and moved her hands upward, cupping and massaging Liesel's exposed buttock. Again, she allowed her fingers to slide under the elastic band just a bit before running them down toward the juncture of her thighs.

This time, Liesel couldn't stifle the moan, and her hips rose slightly off the chaise subconsciously trying to get Ami's fingers even closer to her pussy, but Ami pulled her hands away under the guise of getting more oil. Liesel bit her lip in frustration.

Soon, though, Ami's hands were back on her body, this time repeating the procedure, starting at her foot and working her way up to the other cheek. This time, after a quick glance around to see if anyone was watching, she allowed her finger to probe deeper under Liesel's suit and didn't stop until her finger had slid through the very wet folds of Liesel's pussy. It was a deft move that had only taken a second. It might have even been passed off as an accident, but both women knew it wasn't. 

"There," Ami said cheerfully, "all finished."

This time Liesel didn't bother to hide her groan of frustration, but then to Ami's surprised, she turned over without bothering to cover her chest. 

Ami drank in her well-rounded breasts. They had small areolas capped by hard eraser-sized nipples. Ami could tell that Liesel had been sunbathing topless because her tanned globes showed no hint of tan lines.

"OK, you're turn," Liesel said, and the look in her eye told Ami that there just might be some payback for her teasing.

She lay down a bit unsure, and before she knew it, Liesel had popped the fastener on her bikini top in a single graceful move that took her breath away.

She heard Liesel squirt the tanning oil into her palm and rub her hands together before beginning to rub it into Ami's back and shoulders. She treated the oil like it was massage oil not tanning oil, and she probed Ami's muscles, working out the tension and thoroughly relaxing her. 

Liesel leaned in close to Ami's ear and whispered "I like your heart tattoo on your shoulder, but I really love your naughty kitty with the fallen halo peeking out of your bikini bottom."

"Mmm, thanks," Ami said, lost in the sensation of Liesel's hands on her back.

Where Ami had surreptitiously copped a feel by grazing the sides of Liesel's breasts, Liesel showed no such subtly.

Her fingers gently traced circles down the sides of Ami's breasts, sending shivers through her body. She couldn't believe what was happening and that it was happening out on the beach in broad daylight.

Ami had never really been with a woman. Oh sure, she'd gone to second base a couple of times with girlfriends in college when she was a little drunk and particularly horny, but something else was happening here. 

Liesel's attention to her breasts was really turning her on, and she could feel herself getting wetter. Her breasts were very sensitive, and Liesel had just the right touch.

Liesel's hands move to her lower back, and with little fanfare, she slipped one into Ami's swimsuit bottom and caressed her ass, her fingers dancing across Ami's crack, which clamped down involuntarily before Liesel could probe any deeper. 

Liesel didn't seem to mind the minor rejection; she simply withdrew her hand, poured out more oil and moved to Ami's feet, following much the same path up Ami's leg until she reached the edge of her bikini. 

Ami held her breath, wondering how far Liesel would go. Without raising her head, she tried to glance around to see if anyone was watching just as Liesel slid her finger under the elastic and massaged her buttock.

Ami moaned as she felt Liesel's oil-soaked fingers slide against her backside.

"Umm, I don't think I'm going to get sunburned there," she said with some amusement in her voice.

"You can never be too sure," Liesel responded, continuing to move her fingers lower and toward Ami's core.

Ami knew she wasn't going to stop, and sure enough, Liesel didn't. 

Ami bit her lip to keep from crying out as she felt Liesel's finger insinuate itself between her very wet labia. She prayed no one was watching, but she was too hot to care at that point.

Between Ami's juices and the oil on Liesel's fingers, they slid in easily, and Ami could barely contain herself. 

"God!" she whispered through gritted teeth. "What ... what are you doing?" 

Liesel leaned in close again and whispered, "Just making sure that no part of you gets sunburned."

The tall blond withdrew her finger, and Ami relaxed slightly until she felt Liesel's hands working themselves up her other leg. She knew what was coming, but the tension was still unbearable. She wanted it so bad, and yet she didn't.

"They were out in public," her mind cried. "Anyone could see us. Oh my God, yes!"

This time, Liesel had inserted her thumb into Ami's hot wet hole, and slipped her finger underneath to reach her clit. Ami couldn't help herself. She raised her hips slightly to give better access.

Liesel's thumb slipped in and out, fucking Ami while her fingers worked her clit. Ami couldn't believe it, but she knew she was going to cum. Despite being on a public beach, in plain sight of dozens of people, Liesel was going to get her off. 

She tried to hold back. She bit her lip. She squeezed her eyes shut. She gripped the edge of the lounge chair; her knuckles turning white with effort. 

When it happened, her pelvis spasmed, and she strangled a cry in her throat to keep from alerting everyone around her in case they hadn't already figured it out. 

Liesel felt the contractions of her orgasm and her hand was immediately flooded with Ami's juices.

"Yum," Liesel thought, knowing that before long, she would find a way to taste this beautiful woman. 

It was a minute or two before Ami could speak, and then she wasn't sure what to say. She turned her head and looked up at Liesel, squinting against the glare of the tropical sun.

"You can put suntan lotion on me anytime you want," she said, completely deadpanned.

Liesel burst out laughing and Ami joined her. She loved the sound of Liesel's laugh.

"Help me fasten my top," Ami said, "so I can sit up."

"You're kidding, right?" Liesel asked incredulously. "You just came all over my hand and the chaise lounge in front of all these people, and you're worried that they will see your titties?" 

Ami paused before protesting and then realized the absurdity of her request.

"You're right," she said. "Fuck 'em. Nobody here knows me, and I've got nothing to be ashamed about."

She rolled over and sat up, and for the first time, her milky white breasts were fully exposed to the sun ... and anyone who might be looking.

"I'll say!" Liesel said, staring directly at Ami's chest with lust in her eyes. 

Ami blushed a little and then started giggling again.

"What?" Liesel asked.

"I just can't get over what we've done ... what I've done. Oh my God! This is not how I thought the day was going to go when I woke up this morning. That's for sure!"

"Are you sorry?" Liesel asked, a little concerned.

"God, no!" Ami said quickly. "That could have been the hottest thing that I've ever done ... or rather had done to me."

"Glad I could be of service," Liesel said, "but a word of advice, I'd get some high-powered suntan lotion on those puppies before they get scorched."

"You're right," Ami said. "That's the last thing I want." 

She pulled some stronger sunscreen from her bag and squeezed some in her palm. She was just about to begin rubbing it in, when she suddenly panicked. 

She whispered to Liesel, "I can't start rubbing lotion onto my breasts in front of all these people. It will look like I'm playing with my own tits."

Liesel laughed. "So what? Give them a little thrill. If it really bothers you, though, you could always go into the restroom and do it."

Ami seriously thought about it, but her "fuck 'em" attitude returned, and she leaned back and began coating her breasts with lotion while Liesel did the same. "They were just two women putting on sunscreen," Ami kept telling herself, but she couldn't help but feel a little naughty and very sexy sitting on a public beach with her breasts bared to the world. Not for the first time, she wondered what had come over her.

The women spent the rest of the afternoon getting to know each other, talking nonstop, laughing and having a good time. The endless supply of frozen drinks hand-delivered by the cute cabana boy didn't hurt.

"Do you and Ren have plans for dinner tonight?" Liesel asked. 

"Not really," Ami said. "We tend to just wing it when we're on vacation."

"Please join us," Liesel said. "I want you to meet my husband, and I'd love to meet Ren. We've got reservations for dinner at an old historic fort overlooking the harbor. The food is supposed to be exceptional."

"Sounds great!" Ami said. "Ren's a foodie, so I know he'll be up for it. What time?"

"Our reservation is at 7:30 p.m. We have a car, but we'll need to leave about 7 to get there."

"That will work," Ami said as the both began gathering up their things.

There was an awkward pause as they prepared to head off in separate directions. Neither seemed to know just what to say.

Ami placed her hand on Liesel's face and leaned in to kiss her gently on the lips.

"Thank you for an amazing day," she said. "I'm glad we're going to dinner tonight, but I would love to spend more time with you ... perhaps in a not-so-public setting next time."

Liesel kissed her back. "I think that can be arranged," she said.