 "I can not believe that we went to Adam's party. He is such a loser." Krista and I quietly entered the apartment, trying not to wake the neighbors. I have grown up living next to Krista my entire life. So, naturally when it was time to move to college, we got an apartment together.

"I know. That is the last time that we let him talk us into that." We changed our clothes and got into bed. We usually talk for hours until we both fall asleep, but tonight was different. We really did not say anything at all. After drifting off into sleep, I felt a hand brush over my stomach and under my tank top. I assumed that is was a dream, a very wonderful dream, and went along with it. The hand continued to move up my body and find my round, perky breasts. I felt fingers run over my hard nipple. I let out a moan that woke me up. When I opened my eyes, Krista's soft, pink lips were dangerously close to my own. 

I was not sure what do to, as the confusion settled I realized what was happening. I allowed my instincts to take over. I lifted my head and met my lips to hers. Feeling the tender lips of a woman for the first time was incredible. Her lips parted and allowed me to kiss her passionately. I rolled over on top of her and continued to kiss her. Then I moved my kisses over to ear and gently nibbled on them. 

As I trailed my tongue down her neck, she stopped me. "Chelsey, what are we doing?"

I ignored her question initially. I lifted her soft cotton shirt and licked her hard erect nipple. "If you want me stop, I will." All Krista could do was moan as I took her ample breast into my mouth. I rolled my tongue over her nub as I sucked on her nipple. I massaged her other breast with my hand. At first, I used my palm to rub her entire breast. Then I directed my attention to her nipple and gently squeezed and pinched it. My free hand moved down her stomach and tugged at her panties. 

I slid down her body and pulled her panties down as I went. I sat back and looked at her. My best friend had her shirt rolled up at her neck, her panties were around her ankles, her breasts were rising and falling as she panted, and her folds glistened from her wetness. "Please, Chelsey..." 

I loved to hear her beg. I wanted to hear her scream for her release. I returned to my position close to her feminine lips. I glided my tongue up and down her slit, careful not to touch her hot button. As I heard her breathing deepen with anticipation, I inserted two fingers inside her folds. Krista gasped for air as I thrust my fingers in and out of her wet, hot walls. I was still careful not to touch the one spot that she wanted me to touch the most. 

"Chelsey...come on" Krista could barely get her words out of her mouth. I allowed my thrusts to become quicker and harder, but still would not lick her swollen hard clit. Krista could not take it any longer. She took her hand and pushed my head into her. She moved herself until she was under my lips. 

"Stop torturing me. Please, I am begging you." I finally gave in, and gently brushed her hot button with my tongue. "Oh God, Chelsey..." She removed her hand from the back of my head and began to clutch the side of the bed.

After a few short licks, I took her hard button into my mouth. I licked circles around it and removed my two fingers from her opening. I heard her groan from disappointment. I quickly replaced them with three of my fingers. My hand moved in and out of her wet folds. "Chelsey, please don't stop..."

I had not intention of stopping. I quickened my thrusts and sucked her swollen clit even harder. I rode Krista's orgasm as it consumed her body. She began to buck against my mouth and her walls grabbed at my fingers. I still kept my pace through her ride of pleasure.

"Chelsey...I don't think...I can handle anymore." Her gasps grew deeper, and her moans became louder. Krista's second orgasm ripped through her. I thought she was going to scream. I kept my rhythm, but then slowed my movements as Krista's breathing returned to normal. 

I removed my fingers, now wet with her juices. Krista grabbed me and pulled me to her. She kissed me hard and with urgency. Her cream was still wet on my lips. She rolled over on top of me, and whispered in my ear. "Now it is your turn, and I plan to torture you more than you did me."

Krista removed her crumpled clothing from her body. Then she pulled my tank top over my head, yanked off my panties, and threw them to the floor. Krista straddled my stomach. I could feel her warm folds against my skin. She leaned down and blew softly on my breasts. I wanted her to touch them so badly. My nipples were hard and yearning for the press of her lips. 

Krista gently kissed my breasts, avoiding my nipples. Her soft little kisses sent shivers down my body. I reached to hug her, so that I could hold her close to me and feel her nipples press against my body. Once she realized my intentions, she stopped what she was doing, grabbed my wrists, and held them above my head.

"The torture, sweetheart, is only beginning. Don't try to speed up the process; that will only cause me to stop." Krista let go of my wrists and continued her gently kisses. I loved that fact that she was taking control. Krista slowly began to suck my nipples. I softly moaned and knew Krista was as wet as I was because I could feel her dripping on my stomach. 

She sat up and repositioned herself on top of my breasts. I could feel my nipple touching her clit. Krista slowly began to move back and forth on my chest. My skin was already wet from her saliva, but her own juices allowed her to glide easily. The feeling was amazing, but Krista was getting the most enjoyment. As her breath caught, her pace quickened. I wanted to touch her so much. I wanted to hold her breasts in my hands. I wanted to be able to slap her ass as she grinded on my breast. Krista held on to the headboard as her orgasm weakened her knees. She gradually slowed down until she came to a stop. Krista's beautiful large breasts rose and fell with every breath she quickly made. 

I was so hot; my own juice began to run down my leg. Krista reached over me and opened the drawer in her nightstand. She produced a very large dildo and shut the drawer back. Krista slid down my body and began to kiss the inside of my thigh. She used the dildo to circle my opening and trail up my wet slit. Her kisses stopped as she focused all of her attention on teasing me. She moved the dildo very slowly in a circle around the opening of my pink folds. Then she trailed it up and down my warm slit, but she would not let it reach the top to touch my swollen clit. 

When I almost thought I was going to come from the sexual build-up, Krista began to insert the dildo inside of me. If I tried to press into it, she would take it completely out and started the circling and teasing over again. Finally, I held onto my hips and forced myself to allow her to be in control. The phallic-like object slowly filled my feminine walls. Once it was entirely inside of me, she started to thrust it in and out of my folds. "Oh, Krista, that feels so good. Please...Please...lick me."

Krista would not fully obey my request. She continued the movements in and out of my body, but she would only lick around my hard clit without actually stroking it. The teasing was beginning to be too much for me. "Just suck me. I want to feel your tongue...now"

All at once, Krista took my entire clit into her mouth and she pushed the pointer finger of her extra hand into my bottom. The sudden pleasure sent my body into an intense orgasm. "Krista! Slow down...mhmm...I can't...uhuu uhuu uhuu..."

Krista went even quicker. She moved the dildo and her finger in sync as she pushed them in and out of my body. Her mouth never shifted from its fixed position. Her tongue flattened over my clit and moved in a circle faster and faster. I took a large pillow and held it over my flush face. I moaned and screamed into it as my second orgasm closely followed by my third sent my body into new waves of pleasure. 

Krista removed her finger from me, and slowed the thrusts of the dildo. I tossed the pillow to the side as my moans quieted. Krista pulled the large dildo from my contracting walls. She slid up the bed and kissed me on the check. We fell asleep lying nipple to nipple.

The next morning when I woke up, Krista was already awake and walking around in the kitchen. She heard me moving around, so she returned to the bedroom. "Good morning." Krista grabbed me by the hand and said, "It is time for a shower for two."