 Well, it happened again. My roommate and I both got drunk last night. It was a completely different experience then when we played Truth or Dare. We were both uninhibited, especially Carrie. In our day to day lives I am usually the aggressive one. I will make decisions quickly, and Carrie will go along with them. Last night it was like we completely switched places. She was the aggressor, she talked dirty, and she played dirty. It was amazing, and a completely different experience for me. Let me tell you how our night went... 

We went out to dinner, had a couple drinks, came home and continued with our drinking. We then watched Halloween 4. Carrie is on a never-ending quest to make me watch the series of movies. So we sat there in the dark watching Halloween, and drinking more and more. After the movie ended she got up and went into her room. She then came out and told me she had a movie on that I had to see and so I warily walked into her bedroom. There on the television is lesbian sex porn. There is a black woman licking the pussy of an Asian woman, while her fingers are pushing inside her. I swear that I got instantaneously wet watching that. She told me to have a seat on the bed. I sat down near the end, and we both watched for several minutes. We both were rubbing ourselves through or clothing until we decided to start talking again. We of course talked about sex, and everything to do with it. We discussed the size of the men we slept with, the different things we had done with them. One thing Carrie seemed obsessed with was anal sex. With my last boyfriend, we had lots of anal sex. I would love it while he fucked me in the ass. Carrie had said she would not like that, though that didn't stop her from asking questions.

"Did it hurt? Did you like it? Did you orgasm?" The questions just kept flowing from her. I answered them all honestly. Tell her that it hurts at first, but then you get used to it. You just feel so full, and I did orgasm. What I loved to do is when he was fucking my ass I would play with my clit. I could tell Carrie was getting turned on by all this talk, as was I. I asked her for she would like to go in my room and "talk". I have the bigger bed, so it's more comfortable to you know... .talk.

We both lay down in my bed and I looked over at Carrie. I know shock must have filled my face. Carrie had a brought a 7" dildo in along with a strap on vibrator. I have no idea where she got these things. I decided not to ask her about it right now, and just pretended like I hadn't seen it. We continued our sexual talk. I told her how I love giving a guy a blow job, and feeling him cum in my mouth. That I also loved when I ate her out and could taste her as she came. As we talked like this Carrie's breathing was getting heavier, and I was getting even wetter.

"Can I be daring?" I asked her. She just answered with a nod of her head. I leaned over and lightly kissed her on her lips. She lightly moaned, and told me that she had wanted to do that all night. I stood up and slowly let my jeans fall to the floor; and told her that they just weren't comfortable. She followed my lead, expect she pulled off both her pants and her red thong. I felt her hand run over my panties, and she started to tug them down. I helped her and we were both naked from the waist down. This is when Carrie took over, she became so incredible horny. She took complete control of the situation. It almost as I was submissive to her every desire.

She slowly got up and straddled me. Our pussies were touching each other, radiating heat off one another. She leaned forward and put her hands in my hair pulling my face up to hers. Running her tongue over my lips, she slowly forced my mouth open to accept her tongue. Our tongues were playing with each other until I pulled away slowly nibbling on her lip. My hand began to travel down her body. I just needed to touch her. I needed to feel her. As my fingers found her nipples they were already rock hard. I pinched one between my fingers rolling the nipple around, while my other hand traveled lower. My fingers quickly found their way to her pussy. She was dripping wet, and so very hot. I pushed two of my fingers deep inside her, as she arched closer to my body riding my hand. 

"I didn't tell you that you could do that, did I? It's your turn now, Molly. I am going to tease you, and I am going to make you beg for more." She whispered into my ear. This was a Carrie I didn't know. A sexual woman, who knew what she wanted, and how she wanted it. I loved it, I love being dominated. Carrie was doing that for me, making one of my many fantasies come true.

She grasped my handing pulling it off of her pussy, and right into my mouth. She slowly took my fingers one by one into her mouth. Licking them clean and tasting herself on them. I groaned loudly, the feeling of her sucking my fingers was so erotic, I was almost ready come from that. "So you like that? Wait until you see what else I have in store for you." She said into my ear as she lightly nibbled it.

Her hands went down my body, over my breasts, stomach, and legs. She was touching me all over. I was writhing all over the bed, wanting more. Her mouth then found my nipples, and I felt her mouth close around them. She sucked on my hard nipple into her mouth, and then lightly used her teeth on it. My body arched against her. I was on the brink of orgasm, and she hadn't even went near my clit yet.

You all know I love to tease, and here I go again. As always, I love to hear your feedback. I really enjoy talking to you and hearing your compliments or criticism. And please... remember to vote. Much love.