 Sandra sat at her desk and read the email over again. "My dear Sandra, I had such a good time with you last night that I wanted to send you a little thank you note. Your company was wonderful, and well, after, well, I have to say that I have never been with such a kinky, and generous woman before. You are truly amazing....... Leanne."

"Now that is an interesting call back," Sandra's boss Amanda suddenly said as she leaned over Sandra's shoulder to hand her a cup of coffee. 

Sandra blushed, and hard. Though she had never made it any secret that she was a lesbian, she had never revealed any of her kinky nature, and she felt embarrassed and completely exposed to her boss. "This is not a good start to my day," she thought and hung her head. 

Amanda noticed her shame and quickly bent down and held her gently. "It's ok. Nothing to be ashamed of my dear. Please forgive me for embarrassing you like that. I have my own story, and if you want to go out for a quiet drink with me after work today, I'll tell you about it. Ok?"

"Alright Amanda, thank you," Sandra said, with a smile returning to her face, and a sense of wonder that her boss was more than she appeared.

The day dragged despite the fact that it was Friday. Sandra wasn't sure if it was because she was eager to learn more of her boss, who, by the way, had been the subject of many fantasies, or if she dreaded it. Amanda was very pretty and had a presence that could never be ignored. Sandra had always found her attention focused on her boss, no matter how many people were in a room. Not that they often had meetings. It was a very small business. Her boss ran it, and she assisted. Except when they needed tech help from the IT firm they used, or marketing advice, it was just the two of them. Which was most of the time. Which may be why Sandra fantasised about her boss so much. In a work situation that was so private, she had all kinds of fun imagining what fun they could get up to if things were different. 

And so the day dragged on. But eventually, as all things must, the day came to an end. Amanda came out of her office with a sweater over one arm and indicated that Sandra should join her. "We're done for the day my dear, and I for one, am looking forward to a drink." 

"Me too Amanda, the day has just dragged and dragged on," and she laughed.

"Oh really? Did you have something on your mind?" Amanda said with a straight face and then winked.

Sandra laughed, and decided to be completely honest. "Yes as a matter of fact I did have something on my mind. I have never thought you were the least bit into what I am. But the fact that we are going out for a drink after you read that email this morning.... Well, it sure was fun to speculate." 

Amanda laughed. "Touché," She laughed. 

They arrived at Amanda's car and she walked around and opened the door for Sandra and Sandra could see her boss' eyes on her legs as she got in. Sandra blushed and felt that Amanda was being gallant. Then Amanda closed the door behind her and was soon seated in the driver's seat. "So, care to share your speculations my dear?" Amanda asked as she pulled the car onto the street.

"Well, I don't know if it would really be appropriate Amanda. It's not like we are intimate or anything, and to be honest, some of my speculations were rather uhm, racy." 

Amanda laughed gently. "That is quite alright my dear. We are not at work, and now that I have been warned, anything I get that I don't approve of, is my own problem and not yours. Fair enough?"

"Fair enough Amanda, then I will what is the British expression? Jump head first into the breach?" Sandra laughed and Amanda joined in. 

"Well, being lesbian, I have often found myself wondering what you would be like to love. And being a submissive, I have often wondered if the sense of presence you always seem to carry with you, no matter how many others are around us, would carry over into a D/s kind of relationship."

"And today's speculations?"

"Well as should be fairly obvious Amanda, my curiosity has been running wild. I got the shock of my life when you saw that email from Leanne this morning, and then another right on it's heels that you were not only accepting of that kind of love, but that you might partake of it in some manner yourself." 

"Oooo good and safe answer my dear," Amanda laughed. 

"Sorry Amanda, I'm still trying to wrap my head around all of this and don't want to offend." 

"Of course my dear girl. I completely understand," Amanda replied as she pulled into the parking lot of the restaurant/pub. "One moment my dear," She said, and got out and went around the car to open Sandra's door. "Very gallant Amanda, thank you." 

"My pleasure my dear girl, and it is only proper." 

Sandra's curiosity bloomed. This was typical behaviour of a Dominant used to the niceties of control and protocol. Sandra had never quite gotten that far into the lifestyle as to be collared to such a one, but she had met a few.

"Here's the rule my dear girl," Amanda said as they walked together into the restaurant. "I am buying, I will order, and you will eat and drink whatever I order for you." 

Sandra's tummy fluttered and her pussy tingled and she blushed and replied, "Yes Ma'am."

"Ooo, that makes me feel old," Amanda laughed. 

"I apologise, that was not my intent." 

"I know my dear. I am not offended, but I would really rather an honourific that doesn't make me feel old," and she laughed again. 

"What honourific would you prefer?" Sandra asked. 

"Do you think I'm too old for a 'Miss' my dear?"

"No Miss. Twenty-six isn't old. Would you like just Miss, or Miss Amanda?"

"Well, I like a little bit of formality from submissives that aren't mine my dear, so Miss Amanda please. At least when there is no one else to hear." 

"As you wish Miss Amanda." 

"You're such a good girl."

Sandra blushed. 

Sandra quickly stepped ahead to open the door and Amanda nodded and smiled to her as she stepped through. Sandra quickly followed and found herself in a quiet little place, with a muted atmosphere of warm colours and quiet music. The walls seemed to be padded with some kind of soft material, and she figured that conversations would be hard to overhear. A perfect place for a tryst.

"You have excellent taste in atmospheres Miss Amanda," Sandra said quietly as her boss led her to a sheltered booth in the corner.

The booth had high backs to the seats and the table was covered in a long deep red cloth that reached almost all the way to the floor.

"Thank you, this place also has great food," she smiled.

Sandra remained standing until Amanda was properly seated on her side of the table, and then she demurely sat. 

"You have excellent manners my dear," Amanda complimented her as the waitress came over. 

"Thank you," Sandra replied without title or honourific as the waitress was almost to their table. 

"Welcome to our quiet corner of the world ladies. My name is Diane, and I will be your server," she said as she started to hand them a pair of menues. "Can I get either of you a drink while you decide on something to eat?"

"Yes please," Amanda said. "My friend will have a long island iced tea, and I will have a vodka and orange, with a splash of grenadine please."

"Coming right up ladies."

Sandra blushed when Amanda ordered for her, but Amanda only smiled and picked up a menu. Sandra didn't bother even opening the menu. She knew she wouldn't be making the decision anyway.

A few short minutes later Diane returned with their drinks. "Long island ice tea, and vodka and orange with grenadine," she said setting them down in front of them. "Will you not be eating Ma'am?" She asked Sandra when she saw she wasn't looking at the menu. 

Amanda smiled but said nothing and let Sandra handle the question on her own.

"Oh no, Diane, it's not that. Amanda will be ordering for me, so I am just going to let myself be surprised by whatever she chooses." She blushed as she spoke, but she felt that she sounded more confident than she felt.

Diane looked at her with a puzzled expression but said nothing. Instead she turned to Amanda and asked, "Would you like more time to decide what the two of you are having?"

"No, Diane thank you. I already know. I have been here a few times and I am familiar with your menu." 

"Ah, I see," Diane replied, thinking she knew the reason Amanda would be ordering for Sandra. 

"We will share an order of the stuffed mushroom entrée please Diane. Sandra will have the French onion soup, with the small chef salad for a starter, and I will have a small caeser salad and 

a club sandwich with extra mayo."

"Will you be wanting anything else?" Diane asked. 

"No Diane, not today. We are eating light so we won't be too full to finish our date later on." 

Sandra blushed at Diane's warm smile. "I completely understand. It shouldn't be long ladies." And then she left. 

Sandra looked at Amanda and smiled shyly. "So this is a date, Miss Amanda?"

"Well, I was prepared for it not to be my dear, but by the time we got here I decided it was a date." Amanda replied. "You are not happy with that?"

"Oh no Miss Amanda, I am very happy with that. Especially with all that I've learned about you in the last twenty minutes." Sandra giggled and took a sip of her drink. 

"First my dear, I must apologise," Amanda said. "Despite the fact that you were open about being lesbian, I did not entrust you with any of the same openness." 

"It's ok Miss Amanda..." Sandra started but Amanda interrupted her. 

"Quiet when I'm talking," Amanda said with a stern look.

"Yes Miss Amanda," Sandra replied a little bit subdued by the rebuke.

"I had concerns, not about you, but about my life, my business, my reputation etc. And maybe those concerns were valid for the first few months I knew you. But my lack of forthrightness, at least insofar as my sexual preference, has not only delayed this little meeting of ours, but it has treated you as if you were a stranger who wasn't worthy of knowing me. And for that I am sorry my dear." 

Sandra waited for a moment to make sure Amanda was done before she replied, "I completely understand Miss Amanda, and though you are right, it is a hard world. People are intolerant, unforgiving, judgemental, and the truth about people like us could ruin a person if the circumstances were unfavourable. So though you are right, I do understand and I don't feel slighted. But if you require my forgiveness, then you have it Miss Amanda." 

"Thank you my dear," Amanda said. "So tell me about your experience as a submissive Sandra."

"Well to tell you the truth Miss Amanda, I am not as experienced as I'd like to be. Sure I've played all the games, being ordered around, being the sex toy, being tied up, and spanked, and even flogged, but the real emotional submission and service deal has always eluded me." 

"Why is that?"

"Well, because in some ways I'm not really a fan of 'the way things should be', especially considering that the biggest thing I've ever learned about this lifestyle is that everyone lives it differently." 

"What do you mean by 'the way things should be' my dear?"

"Well, you know, how everyone expects everyone else to behave, despite what I said previously. Rules that are fundamentally not applicable to many lifestyle people's lives." 

"Yes, I know what you mean my dear. I am mostly an outsider. Honestly, I do believe there are more outsiders in the lifestyle, than insiders, as it were. And for much the same reasons you have stated. But if given a chance with someone who felt somewhat as you do, and you thought that emotional connection might happen, would you take the chance and truly submit?"

"Is that an offer Miss Amanda?" Sandra asked, and her muscles tensed and she held very still as she waited for a reply. 

"Is that a request?" Amanda retorted with a thin smile on her lips. 

Sandra burst out laughing and Amanda laughed with her.

Amanda's laugh was like the sound of a warm cleansing rain, and the tension she felt dissipated. 

"It could very well develop into one my dear. If of course you wouldn't mind working for your owner, or being owned by your boss. Assuming things developed that far." 

"Well, if they didn't develop that far Miss Amanda, and we ended up parting ways emotionally speaking, how would we deal with our working situation." 

"Well my girl. You know how it goes. I can't say how it would go for sure or how we would feel if we traveled down that road a ways and then parted company. I would like for us to be able to return to our former working relationship. But depending on how hurt one, or the other of us is, it could be a problem. I could simply write you an awesome letter of recommendation and hand it to you before we even make a go of this in case things go sour. As poor of a resolution that would be, it would leave you with something in case you felt, or I felt, we could no longer work together." 

"Well, that is honest, and that is fair as can be said, considering that no one can read the future," Sandra said and smiled. 

"So," Amanda pushed the conversation back to the more positive direction it had been going. "Would you take the chance, if it were presented?"

"Yes Miss Amanda, I would. I will tell you that I have lusted after you, and thought of a thousand scenarios while daydreaming on nights I had no date, or during the slow times at work." 

"A thousand hmmm?" Amanda said raising an eyebrow and smiling.

"Yes Miss Amanda," Sandra blushed. 

Diane showed up with the salads just as Sandra's face turned red and she stumbled over her tongue as she mumbled her thanks, though Amanda was perfectly comfortable thanking Diane for the food. "And can we have another round please? Except coffee for me as I'm driving," Amanda added and Diane nodded and left.

"My dear girl, are you game for a little bit of date fun?" Amanda asked. 

"What do you mean Miss Amanda?"

"Well, I won't humiliate you, or force you to expose yourself my dear, but I would like to play a little game." 

"May I ask what the game is before deciding Miss Amanda?"

"No, you may not. You either play or don't play."

Sandra inhaled deeply, and looked at Amanda who had a evilly playful smile on her face. 

"Ok Miss Amanda, I'll play." 

"Good girl.

Sandra blushed.

Just then Diane returned with their drinks and gave them a look but accepted their thanks and went off about her duties. 

"She must think something's up Miss Amanda, every time she comes over here I'm blushing." 

Amanda laughed. "Probably. She's a smart girl."

Sandra blushed again. 

"We really ought to do something about that skin condition you have my dear," Amanda laughed. 

"Are you wearing pantyhose or stockings my dear?"

"Pantyhose Miss Amanda." 

"Too bad. It would have been more fun the other way," Amanda smiled evilly.

"Ok. Here's the game we're going to play. Take off your left shoe and put your foot up on my lap." 

A moment later Amanda felt Sandra's nylon clad foot in her lap.

"Good girl." 

Sandra blushed.

Suddenly Sandra felt Amanda's own nylon clad foot in her lap. "Spread your legs to allow me access." She ordered. 

Sandra blushed again but did as she was told and she soon felt Amanda's foot gently pressing against her sex. 

"Hmmm," She whimpered in a high pitched short whine.

"You don't want to go making noises like that sweetie," Amanda cautioned with a gentle laugh. "You'll embarrass yourself at best, and get us thrown out at worst." 

"Yes Miss Amanda," Sandra replied quietly.

"Good girl." 

Sandra blushed again.

"Now, do you like getting shit faced drunk my girl?"

"No Miss Amanda." 

"I didn't think so. Here's the rule. I am going to have Dianne come to us four times. I am going to play with you, with pleasure and pain," Amanda demonstrated the pain part by pinching Sandra's toes between her fingers. Hard. "And if you give up the game by making noise while she is present. We will order another drink. And we are not leaving, until your last drink is finished." 

Sandra blushed and swallowed hard. "Yes Miss Amanada." 

They ate for a bit, in silence as Amanda occasionally teased Sandra with her toes pressing against her sex, or by pinching the toes she held in her lap. 

The salads weren't big so they were finished shortly and Sandra had to reign her voice in as Diane brought the other dishes and Amanda's toes pressed harder and more insistantly against her now wet vagina. Sandra did blush furiously of course, and though Diane again looked puzzled, she said nothing and was about to leave when Amanda asked, "May we have a dessert menu please Diane?"

"Of course, I'll be right back," Diane smiled. 

"Good girl."

Sandra blushed again and gave a little moan as Amanda's nylon clad toes pushed into her opening, pushing her panties and pantyhose into her ever so slightly. "But that's only the first. You have three more to go." 

"Yes Miss Amanda." 

Diane returned shortly with a single dessert menu. Sandra had to stifle a gasp as Amanda pinched her little toe. "I figured you'd only need one," Diane smiled as she handed the menu to Amanda without even giving Sandra a second glance.

"Thank you Diane, that was entirely appropriate. I am making all the decisions for my girl here tonight." 

Sandra blushed hard, and Amanda's toes pressed and wiggled against her wet pussy and she stifled her voice. "I rather thought so," Diane replied with a smile, and turned away.

"That's two girl, you're doing well," Amanda congratulated her.

Amanda and her girl ate quietly, but with many smiles and looks as Amanda's toes continued unrelenting and became soaked in Sandra's juices. It wasn't long before Diane returned to see if everything was to their satisfaction. "And how is the food ladies?" She asked. 

Sandra gave precedence of answering to Amanda, who said, "It's wonderful as usual Diane, thank you." 

Diane turned and looked at Sandra, who almost moaned out the words, "Thank you Diane, it's great." While Amanda's toes worked harder at making her trip up. 

"Anything else I can get you ladies?" Diane asked. 

Sandra smiled between clenched teeth and shook her head, but Amanda, appeared thoughtful for a moment, but finally said, "Yes Diane, I think we'll have one order of strawberry cheesecake, with two forks." 

"Mmmm, our cheesecake is great ladies, you'll love it," Diane smiled and turned away.

"That's three my girl," Amanda said. "You're doing great. One more to go."

"Yes Miss Amanda, but it isn't easy," her voice caught in her throat a bit on the word easy, and the second part sounded high pitched almost like a whimper. Sandra looked down but couldn't see what Amanda's toes were doing under her skirt.

Diane returned shortly with the small dessert plate and two small forks and set it in front of Amanda. "Anything else ladies?" She asked with a smile. Amanda pinched Sandra's toes while she answered, "No Diane, thank you, the service is excellent as always. But could you point Sandra here in the direction of the Ladies room?"

Diane looked over at Sandra, who was making every effort to be silent as Amanda continued the painful pinching of her toes and her massage of her pussy. 

Diane bent down to where Sandra could turn and see where she was looking. "The Ladies room is just down there, and you go left through that short hall, and in the middle of that entry way is a hallway on your right. The Ladies room is the one on the left." And then Diane began to straighten. 

"Thank you," Sandra managed said in a high voice that was almost a quiet shreik as Amanda held the pressure on her toe. 

After she had gone, Amanda looked at Sandra and said, "Well my dear, you succeeded at my little game and you will get a reward later. But, would you like to earn another reward?"
