 I lay next to you, cradling your head against my breast, lightly stroking your sleeping face. Your arm pulls me closer to you as you snuggle next to me. Looking down, I softly kiss your forehead, my lips making your stir slightly in your sleep. Many nights I watch you sleep and think to myself, all this started out with a kiss....

* * * * *

"So do you want to go to this club with me or not?" 

"I don't know Coryne. You travel in some weird circles." I laughed. Coryne was one of my best friends, but she was also one of the strangest. When I first met her some ten years ago, she had the most beautiful strawberry blonde that I ever seen. It hung straight down her back, stopping just short of her ass. We lost contact for a few years and when we got back in touch, I saw that her beautiful strawberry locks were streaked with purple, green, blue and orange. Losing contact again, the next time I saw her, she had shaved her hair completely. At first her bald head freaked me out, but I've gotten used to it. 

"You are one to talk, Ms. Vampy." Coryne said, rubbing her scalp, "And a simple Cory will suffice."

She had me there. Whereas Cory opted for the bald chick look, I went to the other extreme. I dyed my hair jet black, had small fangs permantly attached to my teeth, and never wore anything but black. But, in my defense, I was a constant, Cory was a non-stop fashion roller coaster.

"That doesn't change the fact that your friends are weird." I said, poking her the side with my elbow, "What kind of club is it anyways?"

Cory got real quiet on me, a sure sign that she was getting ready to drop a bombshell on me.

"Promise you won't get mad, but it's one of my clubs." she said, biting her lip nervously.

"Oh boy." I said, shaking my head. Anytime she said one of 'her' clubs, I knew that it was a gay/bi club. For lack of a better phrase, I'm strictly dickly and those clubs don't really appeal to me. I mean I love Cory unconditionally, even though she's gay, but I just don't like the clubs. Getting hit on by all those butch girls or getting the stupid "Are you a dyke vamp?" questions irk the hell out of me.

"Cory I really hate going to those clubs."

"C'mon Sabine, I go to all those goth clubs with you and don't bitch nearly as much. Just this once, please, pretty please?" she pleaded batting her eyelashes at me.

"Alright, quit your begging, I'll go." I said, caving in. Cory squealed, jumping up and down, hugging me.

"I'll pick you up at eight. okay?"

"Fine. That gives me time to get ready. See you then." I said, rubbing her head, feeling stubble.

"I think you better go to the barber, too. Your hair is growing." I commented. But Cory had this strange look on her face. Her eyes kinda glazed over and she licked her lips slowly. I couldn't place the look at first, but then I realized what it was. She had gotten turned on by me rubbing her head! I wasn't totally sure about that, so I rubbed her head again, slower, more like a caress. Sure enough, it was turning her on. In fact, she moaned softly. As I drew my hand back, she grabbed it, kissing the inside of my wrist. It was like time stood still and that this moment was the only thing that existed. We stood there, staring at each other, dumbfounded, both too afraid to speak. Clearing her throat, Cory spoke first.

Um, eight o'clock, alright. I gotta go." she said abruptly. letting my hand go. 

"Yeah, eight o'clock is fine. I-I need to go too." I managed to say, turning around and walking away. I didn't even turn around to see her walk in the opposite direction. The way I sped down the road, I'm surprised I didn't get a ticket or worse, hit someone. All I kept thinking about was Cory's soft lips on my wrist. Not to mention how turned on she got from me rubbing her head. I must admit that I got a little aroused knowing what effect I was having on her. Hell who am I kidding, I slipped my hand underneath my skirt and felt the crotch of my damp panties. Needless to say, I was more than aroused.

I stepped in my studio apartment, stripping my clothes off as I walked to the shower. Turning the water on, I stepped into the lukewarm spray. This time, I leisurely explored myself, which was a fancy way of saying I started masturbating. I tilted my head back, letting the water cascade down my face. Parting my full lips, I flicked my tongue against my fangs, moaning softly, touching my own fangs turned me on as much as having someone touch them, or touching someone elses. Cupping my lush breasts, tweaking my mocha nipples, tugging on the small gold ring in my left nipple. My hand slid down my soft earth coloured skin, finging my hard nub peeking out between my swollen labia. Moaning louder as I fingered my snatch, feeling my pussy clamp down on my fingers. I could sense the orgasm building, so I increased my stroke, driving my fingers deeper inside. I snatched the shower head down, aiming the spray directly on my clit. Just as the orgasm hit, I saw Cory's face before everything went black.

Gathering my wits, I stood in the shower, my heart racing beneath my chest. I didn't understand what had just happened. Why did I see Cory's face when I came? What does all this mean? Am I attracted to Cory?

"Naaaaa...definitly not attracted to her." I said outloud, probaly trying to convince myself. But without realizing it, I put together an outfit that I knew Cory would like. From the soft black velvet thong and matching bra, to the form fitting black kidskin leather Renaissance-style corset, lacing up the back, pressing my full breasts upward. Finishing the outfit off with a pair of shiny black vinyl pants and matching boots. Grabbing my ankle length leather coat, the sides slit up to the thigh, the zipper ending at my waist. It effectively covered my upper torso, but allowed my legs to be seen. I let my hair air dry so it would revert back into its normally curly state, combined with my coal black eyeliner, and dark blood-red lipstick, I looked fantastic.

I had just enough time to spray on some rose scented perfume when Cory rang the buzzer. When I opened the door, I wished that I had a camera. The look on Cory's face was priceless. 

"Wow Sabine, you look...wow.." she trailed off. I found myself liking the attention she was paying me. I looked her over from head to toe. She was wearing a pair of dark black jeans and a silver and black Samurai print silk shirt. She didn't go to the barber, I could still see the faint stubble on her scalp. I secretly hoped that she didn't go, because I liked the feel of the stubble. She looked sexy as hell dressed in men's clothing. She even had sprayed on some Cool Water cologne.

"Ready to go?" I asked, breaking the uncomfortable silence.

"Uh, yeah. Who's driving, me or you?"

"Depends. Do you wanna ride in my baby or yours?" I was hoping she said mine. I love driving in my '65 midnight black Mustang, with cherry red leather interior. The engine purred like a panther, deep vibrations every time I rev'ed her up. Cory was more conventional. She drove the most feminine colored, baby blue Altima, with beige interior. It was nice, but I liked my mines better.

"How about this, we'll take your car, but I'll drive. Deal?"

"Cool." I said, tossing her the keys. 

We made nervous chit chat as we drove to the club. I think we were both still unnerved by what happened earlier. I could see Cory's eyes cutting over, staring at me. Every time she did, I would make some kind of movement, shifting in my seat, giving her a small glimspe at my breasts. Twice I did that and she almost swerved into a car. I giggled softly as she muttered obscenities and apologies. I couldn't believe that I was flirting with her like this. But for some reason, it felt natural, but on that same token, it scared the hell out of me. All my life, I've been with men, never once considered being with a woman. But damned if I wasn't thinking about being with Cory.

Cory parked the car, getting out quickly opening my door for me. Taking my hand, we walked to the club. It felt strangly normal for us to be holding hands like a couple. I mean, I must say we made a striking couple. When we entered the club, I felt her tugging on my coat so she could check it. With my back to her, I unzipped the coat, letting it fall into her hands. Through the tight lacings, she could clearly see the black rose tattoo on the back of my shoulder. I turned around and Cory's eyes liked to have popped out. She didn't know I had on the corset, let alone how much it emphazied my full breasts. I vaguely heard the whistles from passerbys. Cory moved closer to me, taking my arm possessivly as if to let everyone know who I was with.

"Sabine you look hot." she whispered, her lips lightly grazing my earlobe. I felt shivers race up and down my spine, not to mention my nipples got real tight, poking through my corset like little arrows. 

"Come dance with me, Sabine." Cory said, smiling as she led me to the dance floor. 

The sensual throb of the techno music took over and I was dancing with Cory like we were the only two people on the floor. I mean if dancing could be considered foreplay, by the time the song ended, we were both hot for one another. My nipples were painfully tight and I could see her unfettered breasts and hard nipples swaying beneath her silky shirt. I can't speak for her, but I could feel that familar dampness between my thighs.

"I need a drink." I shouted over the music.

"What do you want and I'll get it!" she shouted back.

"Surprise me!" I called out to her as she disappeared in the crowd. I found an empty booth and dabbed the sweat from my brow and cleavage, fanning myself with the napkin. 

"Hey beautiful, wanna dance?" a husky voiced, butch asked.

"No thank you." I said, smiling, flashing my fangs. Which of course she immediately noticed.

"Baby those things are sexy as hell. Wanna go back to my place and bite me all over?"

"Sorry, love, but the vamp is with me."

The woman looked over her broad shoulder and saw Cory, my knight in shining armour, so to speak.

"Sorry bro, didn't mean no disrespect. You all have a nice evening."

Cory slid in the booth next to me, handing me my drink. I took a healthy sip, licking my lips.

"Cory this is really good, what is it?"

"You never had one before?" she asked, a devious smile forming on her lips. I didn't like the look on her face. It screamed set-up.

"No Cory, never had one before."

"Well then, I am happy to know I gave you your first screaming orgasm!" she laughed. I mean she laughed so hard that tears welled in her eyes. Oh yeah, two can play this game. Taking my middle finger, dipping it in the drink.

"Wanna taste my cum?" I asked, huskily, holding my finger out to her. Cory blinked hard, licked her lips and sucked my finger in her mouth. Suffice to say, I now know what every man whose finger I ever sucked felt. It was like pure electricity shooting down my body. I couldn't hold back the moan that escaped my lips as my finger slipped from her mouth. We locked eyes and were drawn into another moment in time where everything ceased to exist around us. Cory took my face in her hands, leaned forward and planted a soft kiss on my lips. I couldn't believe how nervous she was, the way her lips trembled against mine. When the kiss broke, she gazed deep in my eyes, as if trying to gauge my response. My basic instincts took over and I kissed her. I let the tip of my tongue slip out and taste her lips. My heart was pounding in my chest like a bass drum. Her tongue met mines and parted my lips even further, exploring my soft mouth. I have never had a kiss remotely this good. The way her lips pressed against mine, the way her tongue danced in my mouth. Then she did the one thing that was my undoing, she flicked her tongue against my fangs. I moaned against her mouth, melting totally. She ended the kiss my biting gently on my bottom lip.

"I have been wanting to do that for a long time." Cory said, stroking my cheek.

"Do what?"

"Kiss you. Feel your fangs with my tongue." she said, looking down at her drink, toying with the straw. She purposely kept her eyes from mine.

"What's wrong Cory?"

"I really, I mean really like you. And I know you're not gay or bi. I didn't mean to take advantage of you. But I couldn't help it. I have fantasized about kissing you. Especially after what happened earlier." The moment of truth, she mentioned the incident we both were trying to avoid.

"Cory do I look like I'm being taken advantage of? I don't know how to explain this, but..." I trailed off. For the first time in my life, I'm speechless.

"Sabine, let's get out of here." Cory finally said, taking my hand. She got my coat for me and we headed back to the car. We drove in silence the entire ride. I soon realized that she had driven up to the park, near the lake. Parking the car, she opened my door and lead me to a picnic table underneath a shady tree. It looked surreal, sitting underneath the tree, looking out at the serene lake, reflecting the moon and starless night.

"Sabine", Cory said, taking my hand in hers,"I don't want to lose you as a friend, but if I don't tell you this now, my heart will break from holding it in."

"What is it Cory?" I asked, softly interupting her.

"Sabine, I-I'm so in love with you that I can't think straight. Ever since I came out, I have had a serious crush on you. It more than a crush, I have serious feelings for you. Like I said, I know you're not gay, but I had to get this off my chest."

I sat there, staring out at the lake, saying nothing, thinking long and hard about what she was saying. Could it be that I had feelings for her that I tried to deny? I mean, what if she is the one that your mother is always telling you is out there. Endless failed relationships flashed across my mind. No one understood me like Cory does, let alone accepts me. And what's the old adage, best friends make the best lovers.

"Sabine are you going to say anything?" Cory nervously asked.

"Cory", I paused, licking my dry lips, "Take me home." I heard Cory's voice catch in her throat, as if holding back a sob as she let my hand go.

"Cory take me to your home." I said, grabbing her hand. It took her moment to realize what I had said to her.

"Do you know what you're saying Sabine?"

I didn't say one word as I kissed her....

The drive to Cory's house passed by my eyes in a blur. At every red light, we necked like two horny high schoolers. Once inside her house, we kissed even more passionately. Stepping back from me, Cory looked deep in my eyes and in a throaty voice, said "Sabine undress me." My trembling fingers slowly unbuttoned her silk shirt, caressing her arms and shoulders as I slid it off, letting it fall to the ground. My eyes were transfixed on her apple red nipples that seemed to harden beneath my gaze. I slid my hands down her body, taking her belt buckle in my hand. My fingers were shaking so badly that she had to help me undo her belt and pants. I knelt on the ground, pulling her jeans down her legs. I could smell her musky scent wafting from her silk boxers as she stepped out of her boots and jeans. As my hands grasped the waistband, her hands stopped me and pulled me up. Leading me to her bedroom, she turned me around. I could feel her unlacing my corset. Raising my arms, she pulled the corset over my head, tossing it aside as her hands slid down my arms, lightly scratching the sides of my breasts, making me suck the air between my teeth. Bending down, pushing my pants up, she unzipped my boots, helping me step out of them. Kneeling in front of me, she gripped my waistband, yanking my pants down. I knew she could see and smell my obvious arousal escaping the confines of my thong. She looked up at me and smiled.

"I love a woman who wears thongs." she said, tracing the outline of my pussy through the crotch of my thongs.

"I know, that's why I wore them." I moaned softly.

"Really? You planned this?" she asked, raising an eyebrow.

"No, but I knew something was bound to happen after this afternoon and I wanted to look special." I said, smiling at her. I took my hands and began rubbing her stubble covered head. She began to growl deeply, pressing her face against my crotch, rubbing it like a cat would rub your leg.

"Do you know how badly you turned me on when you did that?" she growled.

"Figured as much. That's why I'm doing it now." I husked, rubbing her head more. Without warning she threw me over her shoulders. To look at her, you wouldn't think she was that strong. With my face pressed against her back, she carried me over to her bed, tossing me down. Her eyes were glued on my bouncing breasts. Like magnets, they attracted her fingers, which teased and tugged on my nipples. Moving between my legs, she sat on the bed, as she hooked her fingers in the waistband of my thong. Inching it slowly down my legs, lifting my legs as she pulled the thong off. Holding the crotch against her face, her face was a mask of pure ectasy as she inhaled my scent.

"I never smelled anything so sweet before." she whispered. Sliding between my thighs, I could feel the silk of her boxers rubbing against my sensitive clit as she laid atop of me, kissing me. Her hands fondled and squeezed my breasts, her mouth kissing its way down my body. I nearly bounced off the bed when her tongue flicked at my hard nipple. She suckled my nipples, treasuring them as if they were rare delicacies that were meant to be savored. I felt my body tense up, signaling an orgasm about the erupt. She must have sensed it too, because she looked up at me and whispered "Let it go, baby." I couldn't have held back if my life depended on it. I came harder than I have in a long time and that was just from her making love to my breasts. She tugged on my nipple ring as I came as if to pull the orgasm from my body. Her mouth covered mines as I opened it to scream. My shuddering body laid beneath hers. When I finally opened my eyes, Cory was staring at me with an odd expression.

"W-What are you looking at?" I whispered.

"Nothing. I always wondered what you looked like when you came." she smiled, kissing me deeply, "Now", she said, sliding down my body, "I want to taste you when you come."

Her fingers parted my slick labia, lightly brushing against my sensitive clit, still throbbing from the previous climax. When her tongue came in contact with my clit, I felt like I grabbed an electic wire. Her tongue probed my quivering snatch, her fingers slowly stroking the soft folds of my womanhood. Her slender fingers curled up inside of me and pressed against something. My hips rose from the bed as if suspened by invisible ropes. My body felt like it was one huge nerve ending floating in a sea of endless sensations. When I tell you I saw God, it is the honest truth. The orgasm that ripped through my body felt like it touched my very soul. It was as if someone had taken me and dropped me on the surface of the sun. All these emotions and pretty phrases to describe what she did to me. I screamed so loud that I think I set off car alarms. And Cory never stopped what she was doing, her tongue stabbing at my ultra-sensitized clit, her fingers pistoning in and out of my spasming walls. As soon as I felt like my body stop floating, she would press that same spot again, sending me back into the sea of pleasure. Words of love poured from my lips as she lapped up my juices, until her appetite was sated, not mine, but hers. I laid there, hoarse and panting, with sweat covering my skin. Cory moved up the bed, taking me in her arms. Her boxers clung to her body. She held me close to her, so close that I could feel her heart thudding against my breast. I faintly heard her moan my name over and over, her body shaking softly in my arms. Opening my eyes, I saw her hands massaging her clit underneath her boxers. She was so engrossed with she was doing, she never felt me slip her boxers off her. My eyes were glued to her shaved pussy, shining from her juices that seeped out onto her fingers. Licking my fingers, I slipped my hand between her legs, rubbing her clit. Her eyes flew open as my finger made contact with her clit. She grabbed my hand, imprisoning it between her thighs as she came, furiously rubbing herself against my hand.
