 I can feel her breasts pressed against my back as she spoons her body with mine. Her breath flows down the back of my neck, making me shiver slightly. I pull her closer to me, loving the feel of the heat radiating from her skin to mine. Softly, she presses her lips against my neck, making me smile.

"Morning Sabine." Cory whispers, hugging me tight.

"Hey Cory," I murmured, kissing her hand, "How did you sleep?"

"I slept like I haven't slept in years. Best sleep ever." she said, stretching out, yawning.

"Oh yeah, why is that?" I said, playfully poking her in the stomach.

"Ouch!" she laughed, "Must have been the company I was keeping." she said, cupping my chin in her fingers, kissing me softly on the lips. Cory looked deep in my eyes with a look that I never seen before. She looked so intent, so serious, so much so that it was kinda scary.

"What's wrong Cory?" 

"Nothing. Are you okay about last night?" 

Images flashed through my mind, making my heart pound and my flesh tingle. If I lived to be a million, I would never forget how Cory made me feel last night. I think she saw the change in my expression.

"Sabine..." she moaned softly, covering my body with hers. I brought my hands up, lightly trailing my fingertips up her back, until they rested on her head. Her body stiffened, her eyes were squeezed tight as I teased her, lightly touching her scalp.

"Sabine...oh gawd...d-don't t-tease." she finally managed to say. It took all that I had not to give in. Her hands cupped my breasts, tweaking my nipples. She had positioned herself between my legs and was slowly grinding her smooth mound against mine, finding my already hard clit. The sensations firing through my body was driving me insane.

"Oh baby..tell me what you want me to do..." I moaned as she kissed and licked her way down to my nipples. My fingers still perched on her head, teasing her.

"Sabine rub my head. Please rub it baby." she whispered against my nipple. The wet heat of her mouth enveloped my nipple, her teeth gently tugging my gold hoop. That was the straw that broke the camel's back. I couldn't have stopped the flood of orgasm even if I wanted to. Between her rubbing herself against me, making love to my breasts, and pulling on my piercing was more than I could bear. I rubbed my hands all over her head, the stubble making my palms burn as I called out her name over and over again as each wave hit me. Before the last wave hit, I felt her slide off of me and bury her face in my throbbing wetness.

"Oh my God Sabine! I can't help it, I have to taste you!" she gasped. Her tongue slashed through my pussy like a buzzsaw. Like magnets her fingers found that spot and the next thing I know I'm shaking hands with God, hopping from one cloud to the next. I don't know how much time passed before I stopped shaking. Just like before, Sabine had taken me in her arms, holding me as I rode the last waves of the tsunami orgasm she had given me. And just like the last time, she was fingering herself. My mouth began to water as I remembered the taste of her on my fingertips. I wanted to taste her! 

"Cory," I said moving her hand away, "I want to taste you baby." Her eyes flew open, a look of surprise washed over her face.

"Are you sure you want to do that Sabine?" she asked, her voice thick with desire and uncertainty. Easing her fears, I kissed her. Sucking on her tongue, tasting myself on her lips only served to inflame my desire to please her and my curiousity of the unknown. I had never been with a woman before Cory, but I knew what I like so I decided to go for broke. Gently, I pushed her on her back, wondering if she could hear my heart pounding like a jackhammer. I laid on top of her and to my utter amazement, I felt her heart leaping from her chest. I smiled at her, flashing my fangs to her. Her eyes locked on my teeth as she bit on her bottom lip.

"Sabine are you going to bite me?" she asked nervously.

"Not that hard." I growled, nipping her apple nipple. Cory all but lifted me off of her when I did that. See whereas Cory is sweet and tender when making love, I tend to be a savage. I loved to bite, suck, pinch, spank, the whole nine. My theory is that the pain heightens the pleasure. I couldn't hold back, I wanted to show Cory how much I wanted her. I bit down on her nipple again, with more pressure, knowing it would hurt her. I was rewarded with her cries of pleasurable pain. I knew she wouldn'tlet me down. I slowly flicked my tongue out against her swollen nip, making her moan in pure pleasure. I was fastly learning the fascination men have with a woman's breasts because I couldn't keep my mouth off of hers. When I finally moved my mouth down her body, Cory's breasts were covered with bite marks and dark red passion marks. Licking my way down her stomach, my hands squeezing and pinching her nipples hard, my fingernails lightly scratching the sides of her breasts. Finally, my lips kissed the sensitive skin above Cory's pussy. Tentatively, I let my tongue slide down her labia, tasting her juices. It was like someone set a bomb off in my mouth! Every tastebud on my tongue was flooded with the flavor of Cory. I couldn't believe how delicious she tasted. It was like a tiny switch clicked inside of me, letting my natural instincts take over. My tongue automatically zoomed in on her hard clit, making Cory bounce off the bed, damn near screaming.

"OH MY GOD!" she cried as I rolled her clit between my teeth, biting and sucking on the hardened nub. Cory grabbed handfull after handfull of my hair, trying to pull my mouth deeper inside her pussy. But, and for the life of me I can't understand why, I felt like all my inhibitions were stripped away, unleashing the savage sexual beast within me. I yanked Cory's hands from my hair, grabbing the edge of the sheets, I tore a thin strip off. Taking the torn sheet, I quickly bound her wrists. Cory had the deer caught in the headlights look on her face. Part of me felt compassion, but the rest of me wouldn't be swayed. Taking the slack of the sheet, I tied her hands to the backboard of the bed. Cory's body writhed on the bed, I couldn't tell if it was out of fear or arousal. Either one was a power aphrodisiac. Once I had her arms where I wanted them, I was hell bent on making her cum. I roughly spread her thighs apart and attacked her clit. I mean I licked, I sucked, I bit, I smacked, you name it I did it to her clit. Cory thrashed helplessly on the bed as I fucked her with my mouth. I say fucked her because when she had me, she made sweet, passionate love to me, I on the other hand,there's no sweetness about what I'm doing to her. I'm giving her raw, unadulterated, primal, smack- your-momma-in-the-face-because-she-didn't-tell you-it-could-be-this-damn-good fucking. I can't explain how I knew what to do, but when I make love, I give that person all that I am and all that I have. I want Cory to feel everything she made me feel and from the looks and sounds of things, I know she knows that. I have never swallowed a woman's orgasm before, hell I barely swallow when a man cums, but before I had a chance to brace myself, Cory locked her legs around my head and started humping my tongue. I tasted the slight change in her juices, felt the way her muscles clamped down on my tongue as if to suck it deeper inside and I knew she was getting ready to climax. As soon as I felt that first spasm, I bit down on her clit and shoved two fingers inside of her. Remembering how her fingers curled up inside of me, I mimicked her technique and found that spongy spot she pressed in me. For the first time in life, I had a woman cum for me and I loved every moment of it. I mean my tongue went into overdrive, lapping up the sweet rush of her orgasm. It was as if I had not had anything to drink in my entire existance and found this fountain to drink from. I have never felt my thirst quenched so thoroughly before in my life time. And I never thought that I would hear Cory scream this loud.

"OOHHH GODDDD....SABINE I LOOOOOOVEEEEE YOUUUUUUUUUUU!!!" Cory howled, her sweat covered body bouncing off the bed. It seemed like Cory came forever, never stopping, endless high and low points. My face was soaked with her sweetness. Finally the tide ebbed and Cory laid in the middle of the bed, her creamy ivory skin shining from perspiration. Disentangling myself from her vise-like grip, I climbed atop of her, freeing her hands. When I looked down at her, her eyes were shimmering with tears. Immediately, I began to cry. I didn't want to truly hurt her. I took her in my arms, kissing her face all over.

"Cory, my love, I am soo sorry, I didn't mean to hurt you. Please forgive me." I sobbed, covering her face with my tears.

"Shh, Sabine. Stop crying."she whispered, taking my face in her hands, "I'm not hurt, honey. A lil shocked but not hurt."

"Oh Cory, I didn't mean to scare you, but I couldn't help myself." I cried even more. I was so embarrassed. This happened to me once before with an ex of mine. I kinda lost control and went demonic on him. I mean by the time I was finished, he had a few bruises here and there, scratches and sore wrists. I mean I scared the hell out of him, but on the flip side, every time I see him, he still tells me that was the best fuck he ever had, even though he's too afraid for an encore performance. Cory gently rolled me off of her, laying me on my side facing her.

"Sabine" she said, pulling my hands away from my face, "Look at me,honey. I'm okay, honest. I'm just shocked that's all." 

"Why are you shocked?"

"Because, I didn't think the first time I let someone make love to me would be this intense." she whispered. It took a minute for me to fully comprehend what she said.

"What do you mean?"

"I mean, I never let anyone touch me down there. That's why last night, I was handling it myself. And when you touched me, I was lost. I couldn't bring myself to move your hand away. I wanted to feel your hand feel me when I came. I knew right then and there that I wanted you to make love to me." she said, taking me in her arms.

"Cory you never let anyone make love to you before?" I asked in disbelief. Disbelief because I didn't feel her hymen break and I knew if that happened, she would have cried bloody murder.

"Once. My first and only boyfriend. It was awful. I mean I hurt like hell, bled on the backseat of his car,and to top it off, it only lasted like a minute." she laughed.

"Cory, I wasn't too rough was I?" I had to know, the guilt was killing me.

"Can I tell you a secret Sabine?"

"Sure."

"Well," she took a deep breath, "'Member that cat you used to deal with named Eric? Well, I bumped into him like four months ago. I never told you about it because he kinda told me somethings about the relationship. He told me about the time you kinda went beserk on him. I mean very descriptive. Sabine, the mental images I got made me so hot that I had to come home and masturbate. I think I came like five times. I mean every time I looked at you, I wondered about that stuff he told me about."

I sat there, unable to speak as I digested this bit of info. I didn't know whether or not to be mad at Eric for telling her or be mad at her for not telling me that he had.

"Cory why in the world would he tell you about that?"

"Because, I threatened to tell his boyfriend if he didn't!" she laughed.

"Boyfriend??? Are you trying to tell me I made the man go gay?" I gasped.

"Not you, prison turned him out. I saw him at a gay club flirting with another queen and threaten to tell on him if he didn't tell me." she laughed. I couldn't help but to laugh.

"Sabine, can I tell you something?" I pulled her close to me, pressing her head against my breast.

"Tell me whatever you want to tell me."

"Sabine..." she trailed off, her hand lightly caressing my breast, "I love you so much. I have never had anyone make me feel like you did tonight. You moved the earth from under me and brought me the heavens on a silver platter." she paused for a moment, sitting up on her elbows, "You marked me and as sure as my name is Coryne Denise Deveraeux, I'm yours for as long as you want me to be. Anything you want, just ask me and it's yours." She leaned down and kissed me. I don't know if it was the love that fueled her speech or the passion of her kiss, but I felt like my heart burst in my chest and melted through my body.

"Just do me one favor."

"What's that?"

"Keep the stubble, I like it!" I laughed kissing her stubble covered head.

"I promise, just as long as you don't get rid of those fangs. The are sexy as hell and feel damn good!" Hearing that, I nipped her earlobe, making her shiver in my arms. I wanted her again and from the look in my eyes, she knew it.

"You are insatiable Sabine." she moaned, wrapping her arms around me, pressing her fine body against mine.

"For you Cory, always...."

~Fin~

Don't forget to vote...feedback is greatly appreciated... 