 "I guess a vibrator helps when there's no boyfriend, I've been there myself?"

The question came out of the blue, as I sat buttering my toast with Christa. She couldn't help but notice my embarrassment, as I blushed deeply.

"Oh god, Becki, I'm so sorry, I didn't mean to embarrass you, but I couldn't help overhearing last night."

Christa and I had only worked together for a couple of months, in the office of a national insurance company. We'd hit it off straight away, and had started to go out for drinks with each other, after work on a Friday evening. This particular weekend Christa's boyfriend, Luke, was away in Greece on a photographic assignment. He was a freelance photographer.

Last night we'd consumed rather a lot of wine between us, and as I couldn't drive home, Christa offered me the spare room.

I hadn't had a boyfriend for six months, since I'd broken up with Dave, a rather unsuccessful man, both in and out of bed.

"It's ok Christa, needs must, I guess," and we both burst out laughing.

"Well I can tell you that I do the same when Luke's away. I have a whole drawer full of 'devices." Again we laughed.

"Ooooh you must show me, I only use a buzzy little thing the size of my finger."

Excitedly I followed Christa into her bedroom, and when she opened the bottom drawer of her dressing table, and pulled aside some lingerie, there, in all their glory, were a whole array of dildos, vibrators, and various sex aids. Astonishingly, there were one or two things I wasn't expecting. 

"Fuck Christa, you do have a fantastic selection, and god, what about these?" I held up some wrist straps, and a riding crop.

"Hmmmm, those are Luke's, we do have some fun role playing occasionally. But that's another story, anyway you've no need to feel guilty about a bit of fun on your own."

Closing the drawer, we returned to the kitchen for coffee, before I had to get back home. I was hoping my blood alcohol level was ok by then.

"Why don't you come back here tonight," Christa suggested, "We can have a take away, watch a movie, and you can stop over, Luke's not here."

"That'd be great, I'd love that, what time?"

"Oh, anytime after five, just give me a chance to get back from mum's."

And so I left, looking forward to a 'girlie' evening.

I got to Christa's about five thirty, and straightaway the wine was flowing.

"Chinese or Indian, or do you go for pizza?" 

We decided on a Chinese take away, to be delivered. As I sat on the kitchen stool reading the menu, Christa came over, and stood beside me, sipping her Malbec, with her arm casually around my shoulder. 

I had a very comfortable feeling, but one that gave me a tingling sensation inside. It took me by surprise, and it was something new. Perhaps it was the wine, anyway, I was looking forward to relaxing.

The take away arrived about seven, and by that time we were on our second bottle. It was delicious, and afterwards we both curled up on Christa's massive sofa, and watched a soppy 'romcom' movie.

As it finished Christa's mobile pinged, and she spent several minutes exchanging texts with Luke in Greece. When the exchange was complete she looked at me smiling. 

"He's a horny bugger, I won't tell you exactly what he said, but he can't wait to get home."

I laughed, "I can imagine, you'll be getting lots of attention."

"I told him you were here, his comments were rather lewd."

"Oh do tell me, go on."

"Hmmmm, it was something about "fucking us both," he really is just so horny."

I smiled, "Now there's a thought," I said mischievously, "That's something I've never tried, a threesome I mean."

"Oh my god Becki, really, you'd want to try it?"

"Well maybe I wouldn't be so brave if the opportunity actually presented itself, but the idea is a turn on, and the guy would have to be ok."

"Like that?" Christa showed me her mobile and there was a photo of Luke on it.

I just smiled. 

"You naughty girl, I'm surprised at you." Christa was smiling a naughty smile too. She swiped through her phone, and moved up next to me on the sofa.

"Promise not to tell, but look at these." 

Leaning right in she showed me the screen. My eyes widened, as there on the screen were some naked images of her and Luke. 

"Oh my god," I whispered, holding my breath, "Who took these?" 

I was forgetting that Luke was a photographer.

"Luke did, he set up a tripod and a remote."

Christa swiped the screen again. This time it was just Christa, and then just Luke. And then, unbelievably, the two of them fucking. Christa on top, with her head flung back riding him.

"Oh...my...GOD," was all I could say. "You're sooooo naughty Christa."

"Hmmmmmm..., ok are you ready..." 

I wasn't sure what was coming next.

I had a double take...I could see Luke, but riding him was another girl, and in the background was Christa watching both of them.

"Fucking hell, Christa, who's that?"

"It's Jessie, one of Lukes 'models,' it was a bit of a drunken evening."

And then another swipe, and this time my heart really skipped a beat.

There was Jessie, laying back on the bed, legs spread wide, and Christa, with her head buried in Jessie's pussy.

All I did was to breathe out with a long exhalation, and a quiet, "Wow!"

"Are you shocked?" said Christa, "Do you think I'm awful, a slut?"

I looked up, and without thinking, stroked her hair and whispered, "No, I think you're exciting, adventurous, doing stuff I've only fantasised about. It makes me sound awful now."

And then she kissed me, not just on the cheek, but full on the lips, passionately, and then without a second thought, I opened my mouth and both our tongues intertwined. 

"Come to bed with me Becki, please."

My heart was racing now, "Yes...yes," I repeated.

And with nothing more said, Christa took my hand, and led me to her bedroom. 

I was nervous as she undressed me, feeling her fingers against my skin, her finger nails just grazing my flesh in places. I could feel my nipples hard and prominent, my pussy felt warm, and moist.

As we kissed again, both standing up, our bodies pressed close. How odd it felt, breasts against breasts,, long hair becoming fluffed together between our faces. My hands were feeling Christa's soft curves, her slim waist, and when we lowered ourselves onto the bed, and our legs intertwined, the unusual sensation of my thighs against a soft pussy instead of a rigid cock and balls.

The kissing went on and on, until Christa began to suck my nipples. That sensation always melted my pussy, and made my juices flow. When her fingers slid between my labia I groaned out loud.

That seemed to prompt Christa to want to taste me. I knew quickly that I was already on the edge, and when she slid her tongue inside me, I was gone.

"Christa, I'm nearly there, oh god just don't stop."

When she took my clit between her lips and sucked, my whole body started to shake, the muscles in my thighs were shivering as my orgasm exploded, making me shout out Christa's name.

"Fuck, oh fuck, Christa!"

It took several minutes for me to come down. Christa just lay there patiently between my legs, stroking my breasts, but I knew I wanted to do the same for her.

"Christa I'm going to make you cum now."

She hauled herself up the bed, and laying beside, me kissed me some more. Immediately I could taste myself on her lips, and her face was glazed with my juices. 

"In a quiet voice, she whispered, "Eat me now, Becki, go on."

She lay back, and I moved myself between her thighs. I could smell the perfume of her pussy, slightly musky, but when my tongue licked her, she tasted sweet and delicious.

I knew how I liked to be 'eaten,' and I'd despaired at how my last boyfriend had tried and failed to bring me off. Slowly my tongue ran along her labia, both sides, up and then back. I could hear Christa softly moaning, and when I flicked the tip of my tongue over her clit her body pressed up towards me, wanting more. 

As I sucked and nibbled softly, I slid two fingers gently inside her cunt, the tips of my fingers reaching up inside until Christa moaned, "Oh god." Massaging the soft ridges I found there, produced an excitement in her body that I knew signalled an impending orgasm.

With both my fingers stroking her g spot and my mouth sucking and licking her clit, Christa suddenly started to cum.

"Christ Becki, fuck, fuck, oh god, don't stop, oh fuck, fuck ,fuck."

We both lay there, enjoying the feeling of satisfaction.

"Oh fucking hell, Becki, that was so good. Was yours good as well?"

"Christa, that was incredible, I was in heaven."

We both fell asleep for a couple of hours.

It must have been about three in the morning when I felt Christa get up to go to the loo. When she returned we began to kiss again, and it just felt so natural. I took her nipples in my mouth, and nibbled them with my teeth. I got a reaction I wasn't expecting.

"Bite them Becki, harder, don't hold back"

Not wanting to disappoint I did as she instructed. As I sucked, licked and nibbled, Christa said again, "Harder, bite them harder."

Suddenly I realised that she was cumming again. I didn't understand why, but I carried on, and within a minute her body was shaking in orgasm.

"Wow, what happened there?" was all I said.

"Oh Becki, it's something that triggers me, pain on my nipples, it brings me off. Luke uses nipple clamps on me, and it does it every time."

Sitting up she reached over to the bottom drawer, and opened it, bringing out two nipple clamps.

"Here you are, fancy trying them?"

"Fuck off," I replied, "they're not coming near me."

Christa giggled. "Ok but close your eyes, I must try something out on you from my bottom drawer."

I wasn't sure, but decided to trust Christa. 

"You'd better not hurt me."

"Noooooo, never...keep those eyes closed."

In seconds, I knew what the surprise would be. The familiar buzzing sound of a vibrator. I relaxed, contented that Christa would pleasure me, and pleasure me she did.

With half closed eyes in semi darkness, the buzzing stopped while i guessed that I could hear some lubrication, or cream being applied to the toy. Already my pussy was quite wet in anticipation.

And then I felt Christa beside me, her fingers ran up the inside of my thighs, teasing, circling but not touching my pussy.

"Oh please, Christa, don't tease, please."

She chuckled and the teasing continued, but only for a few minutes. By that time I was lifting my hips, seeking some sort of resolution to my needs. And then I felt the tip of the vibrator between my pussy lips.

"Oh yes." I said with expectancy.

Slowly Christa pushed the toy deeper. It seemed quite thick at first, and then seemed to be going quite deep, it seemed to be generally quite well endowed!

Halting, there was a stillness in the room, just the sound of my deep breathing.

Then Christa switched it on, a low buzz, and a gradual movement both in and out, and seemingly round and round, rather like a corkscrew. Slowly the speed increased, and I groaned quietly, but then the clit tickler part that was vibrating unsuspectedly, made contact with my clit.

"Oh sugar," I groaned, not even using explicit language.

The body of the vibrator was screwing me, the clit tickler was doing its job, and then Christa turned up the speed.

My language changed, "Jesus fucking christ, oh my god, oh fuck, I'm cumming already, fuck, fuck."

And cum I did. Wave upon wave of orgasmic pleasure swept over me, the toy going on and on. I could hear Christa laughing softly, seemingly in the distance. The pleasure was maintaining a level, and Christa should have stopped, but she didn't. 

"Oh my god, that's enough, no more Christa." 

Just as I was about to lift myself up on my elbows, Christa leaned on me with the weight of her upper body. 

"Just a little longer, trust me Becki."

I had no strength to lift her off me, and she was holding the vibrator in such a way that it seemed to give me a sense of helplessness.

And then, "You cow, I'll get you for this, oh fuck, I'm cumming again."

In a way I'd not ever felt before, my body shuddered yet again.

When I'd recovered I reiterated, "You cunning bitch, that was soooo good, like nothing else."

All she did was laugh out loud, and then kiss me.

Christa's mobile pinged, and looking at it in the darkness she asked, "It's Luke, he's horny in the middle of the night, he wants 'phone sex.' Shall I tell him that when he gets back you're up for a threesome?"

TBC?