 "I dread coming to the office everyday".

We were sitting eating our lunch in the common area of our shared office space. Me and the two other women in the office doing our twice weekly eat, gab and gossip session in the lunchroom.

"I thought you loved your job Maggie. Don't tell us you're thinking of leaving," responded Leigh. I would miss you so much."

"No, I'm not leaving. It's just these men in our office. Blue, gray, black. Blue, gray, black. You would think those were the only colors God ever created. There are so many great men's clothes out there in so many great colors. And our guys wear the drabbest dullest colors on the planet. And in the dead of winter it would be nice to look up and see something bright and colorful."

Sasha piped up, "I agree but somehow I don't see any of our guys wearing other colors like yellow or orange."

"or purple or pink," added Leigh.

I laughed, spitting out some of my lunch, "Pink! Oh my god. If one our guys wore a pink shirt I'd drop to my knees and blow him right in the office."

Leigh and Sasha joined me in the biggest belly laugh we had shared in a long while.

"Sorry," started Sasha trying to get her words out between laughs, "I just had this image of you on your knees in front of Hank sucking his little cock while everyone in the office just kept going about their business like nothing unusual was happening."

We all laughed harder. People were starting to look at us disapprovingly.

"And the toughest part of that image for me to complete is not Maggie on her knees sucking cock but Hank wearing a pink shirt," Leigh continued Sasha's line of thought her head falling forward then back, her hand slapping the top of the table.

That was it, we were all wiping tears from our eyes laughing so hard we were unable to talk.

"We're going to hold you to it Maggie," Leigh squeaked out between laughs, "someone wears a pink a shirt and you have to suck his cock."

Our laughter continued, "And we have to watch so we can confirm you followed through," Sasha added.

Our noise level was getting out of hand. The few people at the other end of the lunch room were packing their unfinished lunches and leaving. I leaned into my friends and in a lower voice said, "I'm so sure it won't happen, I will agree to fuck the first guy who wears a pink shirt and you all can watch."

Upping the ante Sasha said "I think you should agree to let him fuck you're tight little ass since you're so sure it isn't going to happen."

"Please. That's my tight little virgin ass to you. Show some respect. No cock will ever pass up that pathway as long as I'm awake to have any say in the matter."

I laughed, Sasha was doubled over, Leigh sat up and said, "You're on. What are the ground rules?"

I shrugged my shoulders, "I don't care, because I will never have to pay up. You decide the rules."

"Okay, enough of this," Sasha interrupted, "Now, before we have to get back to work, tell us all about your +1 wedding adventure on Saturday."

I went through the whole night in every detail, telling them what a nice guy Matt was. Polite, a real gentleman, and more handsome than anyone needs to be. The night was going well. We were having a lot of fun laughing, drinking, and dancing. All night I wandered between not-so-horny and oh-god-fuck-me-now horny mostly because Matt was just so damn gorgeous and also because it had been a month since I'd had a god fucking. It seemed like the night would end rather calmly with me making love to Ricky, my friendly never fail me vibrator. All the heat seemed to have dissipated while saying goodbye to other guests and waiting for our cab. We turned to small talk. The cab drove up. We got in, gave him my address, he starts to pull away and WHAM, Matt is all over me in the back seat. By the time we're outside my place I'm sliding my dress down and Matt is tucking his cock back in his pants while trying to pay the driver. In the elevator, my panties are around my ankles, by the time we reach my floor and Matt's face is dripping in my pussy juices. We don't get past the kitchen before Matt has me bent over the counter ramming me from behind and I'm screaming for more. We were fucking and sucking into the wee hours of the morning on Sunday. In fact, I'm still a little sore in a couple of places and my jaw is a bit stiff. I have to admit, sharing the story did bring a smile to my face and a damp spot to my underwear.

Tom came by and said Leigh was needed so I had to end my story with a promise to continue on Friday, not that there was much more to tell except a few details if they were interested in the minutia of my love making.

I got back to my desk and looked around the office and wondered what each of these guys might be like if any of them decided to wear pink. Hank was an older Asian man who I wouldn't want to ever be naked with but I was pretty certain he would never wear pink. The Lithuanian twins were too "manly" to ever wear pink so I wasn't worried about them other than their aggression in the bedroom may be fun but not for a first anal experience... ouch. I winced just thinking about it. Tom was a handsome guy. I would probably pick him if I had to choose someone, but pink. Not on your life. There was a little too much hockey player in that man to ever be caught wearing pink. The Serb, the Russian, I'm not even sure they would be seen with their wife if she was wearing pink and they wore the most drab colours of everyone. Colton, him maybe. He was of an older generation. Probably old enough to be my father. He had worn red once or twice, and some nice browns, a deep maroon shirt. He might be okay if I had to do it with him, but I seriously doubt at his age that he could keep up with me.

Well, that was my potential stable of would be lovers but when I considered the possibilities, other than on a fluke there may be, may be one guy who would wear pink but I still highly doubted it.

The next three days were the old drab days. More blues, greys and blacks. I went for lunch each day looking at the handsome colorful guys from all the offices around us and sighed several times imagining the distractions they would be if I worked with them. On Friday Sasha, Leigh and I grabbed food and sat in the lunchroom. After the usual small talk Leigh pulled out a piece of paper.

"Here are the ground rules Maggie."

The drabness of our men had been so constant I had already forgotten about the stupid bet.

Maggie's Ground Rules:

1.If any man in the office wears pink, I will get him to ass-fuck me that very day.

2.I will get him to ass fuck me in the teleconference room so Sasha and Leigh are able to watch using the telecom camera and confirm I have complied with rule number one.

3.Should I fail to comply with rule number one I will be forced to give every guy in the office a blow job over the following two weeks.

That was it. I looked up and my two friends had the biggest cheesiest grins I had ever seen them wear. I looked back at the page. No way were they going to win.

"Okay, first, this only applies to the men currently in the office. No new hires. And it must be a decidedly pink shirt, not some shirt with a hint of pink in it."

They looked at each other and nodded. "Sure. That's fair," they agreed.

"Second," I continued, "there has to be a time limit on this. Let's say 2 months?"

They looked at each other. Sasha turned to me and said, "How about 3 months?"

"Okay, 3 months," I said. "And lastly, there has to be some consequence for you two should I win."

They weren't expecting that. "Wait a second. No way."

"Well I can't be the only one with skin in this game."

We all argued a little and they finally agreed in principle but now to decide what.

I finally said, "Well, I have to do something I haven't done before, so it should be the same for you two."

"I've had anal sex," Sasha was quick to point out. "Me too," echoed Leigh.

"More than one guy at a time?" I asked

"Two for me." Was Sasha's quick reply.

"I've done three," Leigh said, adding, "not that I'm bragging or anything."

What have I been doing all my life. I thought I was adventurous in bed. Obviously not. And I smiled at my friends.

"So that would probably take care of multiple blow jobs, having an audience, and double penetration."

"Check, check and check." My two cheeky friends said feeling confident about them getting out of this.

"Bondage? S&M? Spanking? Domination?"

"All done."

"Me too"

I was about to give up myself.

"What's left?" I pondered out loud. "Making love to each other." I quipped.

Silence. Absolute dead silence. Sasha and Leigh looked at each other, then at me.

"Of course. Make love to each other and I get to watch. Oh. I love this. Have either of you ever made love to another woman?"

Silence again. Just a slow shaking of their head.

"Oh you two are so smart. So here's the deal. If after three months there have been no pink shirts, each of you will make love, not to each other but with me. Seeing as how I'm the one with this experience, it's only right that I teach you both while the other watches."

They shrugged looked at me, Sasha held out her hand and said "Deal." I shook her hand. Leigh looked at both of us, conceded defeat and held out her hand and the deal was sealed.

"Monday is the 10th of February. That will be our first day," I proclaimed. Sasha and Leigh nodded their agreement. "May 9th will be Lesbian party day if we've seen no pinks shirts. Ooo, I can't wait."

The days of blue, gray, black passed turning into weeks. It was in the 9th week on a Wednesday. Leigh met me in the hall just outside the office area. A big smile on her face, "Today might be the day, Maggie." I looked at her unknowingly and walked in the office. Out of the corner of my I saw a white shirt with a pale colored stripe. Colton. Damn. But at first glance it didn't look pink to me.

I went to my desk, sat down and started my day. I glanced at Colton's shirt a couple of times but from where I sat I couldn't decide whether or not it was a pink stripe.

I wasn't there 10 minutes when Sasha sauntered over to my desk with a big smile on her face. She leaned in close to me looking at me laptop screen like she was talking to me about work. "I hope your ass is ready to be probed today. I think that might be a pink shirt over there in that corner." She stood up and left. Her beautiful backside seeming to have just a little extra swing to it.

An hour or so into my day Colton came to talk to Leigh. Leigh sits next to me in our little office space.

When they were done, Colton turned and said, "Hi Margaret" (he always called me Margaret which, inside I appreciated in our professional environment), "how's your day going?"

"Hi Colton. It's a pretty normal day so far, but it's all good. That's a great shirt you're wearing. What color are those stripes? They're an interesting color."

"Thank you Margaret." Colton said looking down at his shirt. "The colour? I would say they're a pale purple. I think some people might say mauve. But I'm no color expert so I'm not sure what to call it."

I heard a muffled 'Damn' come from Leigh.

"Everything okay Leigh?" Colton asked spinning around to offer any assistance Leigh may need.

"Oh it's nothing. I'm fine. Just something I heard, I mean read. Nothing really."

Colton's actions, if taken in isolation, might be considered passes or too attentive for an office environment, but he was like that with everyone. Initially I thought the man was coming on to me, but then I thought he was coming on to everyone and then I decided, it was just his way. He was almost too nice to everyone. Women and men alike.

"So Colton, back to your shirt color. I really like it. I was thinking it might be pink but,"

"Oh. It's definitely not pink." He said interrupting me, "That I know for certain. I know what pink is and this is definitely not pink."

I reached out and touched his shirt pretending to examine the color a bit more closely, but really I was hiding the big laugh I was just barely able to supress.

"Mauve. I agree Colton. I would say it's mauve, definitely not pink. And it is a really nice shirt."

"Thanks again Margaret. I have to get back to the grind. Enjoy your day." And Colton turned to walk back to his desk.

I immediately banged out an email to my two friends. The subject was "Virginity remains intact". The message simply read. "Mauve not pink as confirmed by owner and wearer and witnessed by one of you."

Sasha was walking into our area almost before I could return to my regular work. This time it was me wearing the huge smile.

"Hi Leigh and Maggie, do you have time to come to my office for a quick meeting? There are a couple of things I need to discuss with you."

"Sure." We both replied standing up from our desks in unison.

I followed both of them to Sasha's office smiling all the way and for the first time really noticing how well they both moved and what great figures culminating in nice asses they both possessed. My mind flashed an image of both of them walking in just their underwear. I supressed a moan and shook my head to clear the image.

As she closed the door behind us Sasha started in on me in a firm teasing kind of way.

"You lucky little witch. I can't believe how boring these guys are but how close we just came. Leigh, what's this about you being a witness? I thought we had agreed to argue it is a pink shirt."

"Look Sasha. I'm getting as nervous as you are about my first lesbian experience. I'm not sure I really want to make love to another woman."

"No less than I want a guy's cock in my ass I'm sure. But that's what I agreed to and being my lover is what you agreed to," I responded. " I would let you end the bet right now but I'm pretty sure I'm going to win so no way."

"I know. I know," Leigh said, "but I didn't think it would happen. All I could see in mind my mind's eye was you bent over the conference room table and some guy sliding his cock between your cheeks. I hadn't considered my lips on yours, our bodies touching you touching me. Well, I don't think my mind's eye was capable of creating an image of me making love to a woman."

I just sat there smiling, and getting a little horny listening to Leigh talk about us making love, her for the first time with a woman.

Sasha was shaking her head and almost laughing, "Okay," she said with a big smile on her face, "I just wanted to tell Maggie how lucky she is, how close she came to losing and that she better watch out. Colton just might be her next lover."

"Want to go double or nothing on the bet Sasha?" I quipped feeling my confidence growing and feeling theirs waning.

"No way!" shouted Leigh.

"Hey, don't be so fast to knock something you haven't tried beautiful." I said patting Leigh on the knee and trying to sound sexy and alluring while trying not to laugh.

Sasha laughed. Almost immediately I echoed her chuckles. I'm not sure Leigh was initially amused, but she lowered her head and said "You two. I guess if I'm going to do this, I would rather it be with you than anyone else."

On the morning of April 28, the start of the 11th week of our bet, I began the morning by sending Leigh and Sasha an email with the subject "10 of 12" and a message that said "only two weeks to go."

Over the next two weeks I started to pay more attention to the bodies of my soon to be lovers, though my confidence was feeling a little shaky. In the days since the "mauve" incident, Colton had worn a white shirt with broad purple stripes one day and blue shirt with a white stripe and fine pink stripe another. I was happy I changed the ground rules to say the shirt had to be decidedly pink otherwise I may have had a fight on my hands. None of the other guys in the office we changing their drab ways but Colton was pushing out the boundaries and rushing head long towards a pink shirt. I was getting nervous.

Both of the ladies have beautiful faces framed in natural blond hair. Sasha has an incredible body. Her top half is petite with nice a firm A-cup breasts a tight core, firm abs and a tiny waist. From her waist there is a quick flare to well-shaped hips a stunning rear-end and meaty strong thighs. I imagined how tightly her pussy sat high between her thighs. How my fingers would feel parting her lips then probing between them. And her mouth and tongue, I longed to feel my mouth pressed against hers and her mouth on my pussy, her tongue in my pussy. Those thoughts always made me squeeze my thighs together and apply pressure on my cunt to match what my mind was anticipating. Sasha was certainly more adventurous than Leigh. I was confident she would embrace our Lesbian Party with eagerness and gusto so she could fully enjoy the new experience.

Leigh is taller than Sasha, and me. Her legs long, her breasts probably a d-cup I knew I would get lost in. She always stood beside me and leaned on my desk when we talked work. It was in these last two weeks I realized she was offering me a look down her blouse (I don't think she ever realized she was doing it). But her low cut tops fell open exposing her full well shaped breasts and symmetrical areolas and nipples. Leigh has an overall well-proportioned body, almost perfectly proportioned I would say. But what always caught my attention, what I couldn't stop looking at, was the angle at which her bodice slid from her navel down between her legs to where her pussy lived. It was so damn captivating that every time she walked past I had to look at it. 

On the morning of the 9th of May I did a quick scan of the men in the office and pumped my fist. No pink shirts. I had won. I sent Sasha and Leigh a meeting invite from 6pm - 8pm in the teleconference room. The meeting topic was: "New techniques and experiences". The agenda: 1. Sharing my experiences and how to apply my techniques to improve office moral. 2. Leigh attempts to apply my ideas and gives feedback. 3. Sasha attempts to apply my ideas and gives feedback. NOTE: We can switch the order of 2 and 3. Within seconds of sending the invite Leigh got up from her desk and left our space. A few minutes later Sasha sent me an IM and asked me to come to her office. I responded "be there in 2 minutes".

I walked into Sasha's office. Leigh was sitting there and wouldn't look at me.

"Hi Maggie," Sasha started.

"Hi. What's up?"

"Umm, Leigh can't do this tonight, she has plans."

"Change them," I said without emotion.

"Well, I can't," Leigh said softly.

"Sure you can."

I wasn't surprised by this tactic, in fact I had anticipated it.

"She's made plans to meet some friends for drinks and..."

I interrupted Sasha, "And if I had made plans and Colton or Tom wore a pink shirt today would either of you let me postpone my ass-fucking until tomorrow?"

I paused. Leigh looked at Sasha pleadingly. Sasha started to speak "Well,"

I interrupted again. "Well no, in the right answer Sasha. And if Stephen had said to you today at 3:00pm, 'I need both of you to stay until 8:00', you would both be on the phone cancelling any plans you had."

I looked right at Leigh. "Leigh," I waited for her to look me in the eyes, "when we're done here you will go and phone or text your friends and tell them something has come up at work and you will either meet them later or another night, just like you would have done if Stephen had told you to work late tonight."

I stood up. As I left the room I said to them without looking back, "I will see both of you at 6:00."

I closed Sasha's door behind me.

When I got back to my desk I decided to test the camera in the teleconference room. Once Sasha had said her and Leigh could watch me if I had lost the bet, I asked Tom about controlling the camera from a laptop if that was possible. He had shipped me a link to download some software and a user guide. It was time to test it out. I booked the meeting room for 30 minutes then using the software I started the camera. There was the capability of moving the camera from left to right and up and down slightly. Once I understood what the camera's range of motion was, I went to the room to determine the best place to stand to record the night's activities. I turned all the lights on and began moving about the room then adjusting the camera to find me. The camera controls were backwards when I was facing the screen. I laughed at my frustration sorting out left from right. I turned around to examine the room. There were no windows in the room. This was done on purpose so the lighting would remain very consistent during teleconferences. I decided to start from half way back in the room. This would allow me to quickly eliminate half the room. I looked down at the screen. 'Hey. Nice ass Maggie.' I thought to myself. Those workouts are really producing some nice results. No wonder all the guys lift their heads when I walk by. I would do the same if someone in the office had an ass this nice; man or woman. I adjusted the zoom. That works. And hey, left and right work when my back is to the camera. I smiled at accidently discovering the most obvious way to make the camera adjustments easy to manage. I walked 5 steps towards the back of the room and adjusted the zoom again. Not bad I thought but I filled the screen. Two people wouldn't fit well in the shot and if we moved the least bit one way or the other one or both of us would be of camera.
