 A lesson in submission and respect.

*

Other Mistress and Charlotte stories for your enjoyment

Girl FridayKitten With BenefitsMaid's Day OffA Beautiful NightCharlotte's Opening DayBest Laid PlansCharlotte's Secret RecipeCharlotte's Jazzy HalloweenTina's Plea BargainThe Third WheelCharlotte's Summer Vacation

*

Author's Note

The events and characters in this story are fictitious. Any resemblance to actual events or persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.

As with all Mistress and Charlotte tales, this story contains aspects of dominance and submission. Still, it is safe, sane, and consensual as well as kind and loving. As usual, if this type of activity is not your thing, you may want to skip this story and find something else to read.

*

Prologue

Dear Friends,

I hope you have had the chance to read about the wonderful time Charlotte and I had vacationing in Baja. While we were there, we met a wonderful young woman named Juliet and things got, well, let's just say things got fun. If this is all news to you, and you've never heard of Juliet, then you should definitely read our story called The Third Wheel (Mistress and Charlotte Find a Friend) and Charlotte's Summer Vacation (The story of how two became three) to get caught up.

Originally, we hadn't planned on staying in contact, but one thing led to another and now here we are with Juliet spending the summer with us. That was mostly my idea. Ever since graduation, Charlotte has been struggling to find satisfying work as a musician. And Juliet, an accomplished drummer with plenty of contacts in the music business, has agreed to mentor Charlotte. Actually, they said they were going to mentor each other. Just what Charlotte is mentoring Juliet in, I can only guess.

Love and Hugs,Mistress Natasha

*

Introduction

Juliet

"Back straighter. Chin up. Good. When you're kneeling, remember to keep your knees shoulder-width apart." Charlotte tapped the inside of my knee with the wicked-looking black leather riding crop until I adjusted. "And stick those tits out, Juliet. They're very beautiful, and Mistress will want to see them."

I felt my cheeks flushing. I'd never heard anyone refer to my chest as beautiful. Small, yes -- or perhaps perky, if they were being generous -- but never beautiful. It was nice. I arched my back, and pushed my breasts out on display. "Thanks," I said.

Whack!

"Ow," I cried, as I watched the pink spreading on my thigh. "What the hell was that for?"

"Juliet. Darling. Did you forget so quickly?" Charlotte paced a slow circle, dragging the crop over my shoulders as she gazed down upon me. "How are you to address me during training?"

"As Miss Charlotte." I hung my head and slumped forward a little. Stupid mistake.

"See, that wasn't so hard, was it?" Charlotte placed her finger under my chin and lifted my gaze to hers. I stole a quick glance at her and then let my eyes drop to the floor.

"No, Miss Charlotte."

"You're a good girl, Juliet. And I'm sorry we have to cram all this into just a few days, but we want to be ready when Mistress gets back from her business trip." Charlotte was caressing my cheek now. I leaned forward and nuzzled her thigh.

"Just relax," she said. "A little more practice on posture and presentation, then we'll take a break. Now, keep that back straight and stick those sexy tits out for me."

"Yes, Miss Charlotte." I smiled. "Thank you, Miss Charlotte."

*

The Mistake

Charlotte

Poor Juliet was getting frustrated. I could tell by the little slips she was making -- forgetting how to address me, how to keep her thighs spread -- these were all things she'd mastered on the first day, but now they were giving her trouble.

"Do you think I'll ever be ready in time, Miss Charlotte?" Juliet asked, her head cradled in her arms as we sat together at the breakfast bar. Her long sun-bleached dreadlocks were held in check with a black scrunchy that matched the color of her cashmere robe.

I rubbed my hand over her back, trying to communicate some reassurance through the thick material under my fingers. "You'll be fine, darling. Just relax." I heard Juliet sigh as I got up and walked into the kitchen. "There's a little more smoothie left," I said. "You want it?"

"No thank you, Miss Charlotte."

I leaned over and kissed Juliet on the cheek. "You know, you can drop the Miss when we're not in training."

"I'd rather not, Miss Charlotte. Too easy for me to forget." She glanced down at the pink mark on her thigh that was peeking out from under her robe. "I've been forgetting a lot lately."

I wrapped my arm around her shoulder and planted another kiss on the top of her head. "You're a good girl, Juliet. Don't ever forget that."

Juliet lifted her head and smiled at me.

"After you put that in the dishwasher," I told her, "meet me in the living room. I have an idea I want to discuss with you."

"Yes, Miss Charlotte."

*

Juliet was trying so hard. I think she was even more disappointed because this whole thing was her idea, and she wanted everything to be perfect. "What if you taught me how to serve Miss Natasha like you do?" she had asked me one day out of the blue. "Would that be OK? Do you think she'd like it?"

At first I was skeptical. I mean, this is my wife she was talking about. As much as I like Juliet, I felt kind of like she was trying to move in on my turf and I told her as much. She assured me that it was not her intention, and summed it up as worrying that her presence was driving a wedge between Mistress and me.

Juliet said that she thought there was some unspoken jealousy coming from Mistress. "Nothing overt," she told me, "just my intuition. Still I think there's something to it. If you could train me to be a proper submissive for her, maybe she would start to see me as something more than just your girlfriend."

I thought it sounded like a good idea, so here we were. And I'd be lying if I said I didn't get a little thrill from taking the dominant role for a little test drive.

I looked over at Juliet. She was kneeling on the Persian rug in the living room, patiently waiting for me with her palms resting on her thighs, just as I had taught her. I pealed myself off the leather sofa and walked in her direction. "Present yourself for me," I said.

Without hesitation, Juliet had her knees spread, and her hands behind her head with fingers laced together, exposing her lean body for me. I felt a little stirring down below, just from watching her do as I asked. I can see why Mistress likes this.

"You really are a beautiful woman, Juliet." I reached down and gently rolled one perky pink nipple between my finger and thumb, and then the other, leaving Juliet stiff and crinkled. I shivered.

"If you say so, Miss Charlotte." She was smiling.

"I do say so, Juliet. Never forget that. And don't ever let anyone ever tell you differently."

"No, Miss Charlotte, I won't."

"Now, my beautiful girl, I have a task for you. I'm going to walk back to the couch and I want you to follow me on your hands and knees. Do you think you can do that?"

"Yes, Miss Charlotte."

"Good. Once I sit down, I'm going to spread my legs and let you entertain me with your tongue for a while. Would you like that?"

Juliet's face lit up. "Oh yes, Miss Charlotte, I'd like that a lot."

"I think I'll like it too. And if you do a really good job Juliet, and do exactly as I say, your next task will be to give yourself an orgasm while I watch. Mistress calls that reward-based training, and I'm really fond of it. How does it sound to you?"

"Sounds wonderful, Miss Charlotte."

"Good. Now crawl on over here and park your cute little face between my thighs."

"Yes, Miss Charlotte." Juliet was grinning from ear to ear as she crawled over, head down low and stalking like a jungle cat, with her lean drumming-enhanced muscles rippling as she moved. Once she reached me and sat back on her haunches, she made a great show of licking her lips.

I waggled my finger in a come hither gesture as I hoisted the hem of my floral print mini-skirt until it was pulled up to my tummy. I hadn't bothered with panties, so there was nothing between me and Juliet's waiting tongue. When I licked my finger and used it to tease myself apart, I swear I heard her purring.

"Juliet darling," I said, "before you dive in, I want you to think about something."

"Yes, Miss Charlotte?"

I offered her my finger to suck on before continuing, which she did with vigor. "Did you notice darling, that in the past twenty minutes, you never once forgot to address me as Miss Charlotte?" I saw the corners of her mouth begin to turn up. "See what happens when you relax and stop trying to think so much?"

She swirled her tongue around my finger one last time before letting it pop free. "Yes, Miss Charlotte," was her breathy reply. "Thank you, Miss Charlotte."

Looking Juliet in the eye, I smiled and tucked my hands behind my knees, lifting them to my chest. "Now, I want you to do this nice and slow, darling. Take me right up to the edge, but don't make me come until I say so. Think of it as an all-day lollipop, and make it last."

"Mmm. Yes, Miss Charlotte. Thank you, Miss Charlotte." Juliet made a great show of smacking her lips.

If there was one thing that Juliet didn't need any help with, it was eating pussy. The girl was a natural. And best of all, she enjoyed it -- it wasn't just another task I had given her -- she truly loved going down. And it was certainly no hardship for me to indulge her predilection.

"Mmm." I settled back into the couch cushions while Juliet went to work. She was taking her time, just like I had asked.

She began by dragging her tongue over the inside of my thighs -- first one side, then the other -- planting tiny kisses along the way, before she even started in. She once said it was the way she wished her ex would do it, but he never took the time to ask. Poor dumb bastard, he obviously never knew what he was missing.

I looked down upon Juliet's long, lean body between my legs and the profusion of sun-bleached dreadlocks trailing down the smooth tan skin of her back. She raised her eyes to me, as if silently asking my permission to start. My god, that's hot.

I sucked in a breath and nibbled at my lip while I gave her a nod as an OK to dive in and go to work. I felt Juliet plant a quick little kiss on my pussy, as if she were introducing herself before getting too friendly.

I shivered. I don't know if it was from the kiss, or the way she was running her fingertips over the insides of my thighs in a caress that was almost, but not quite a tickle. I guess I didn't care, I just settled back and let the warm feelings wash over me.

As Juliet began outlining my folds with her tongue, I slid my hands over the thin fabric of my scoop-neck top, the only clothing I had on other than the mini that was hiked up. The feeling of my flesh hardening under my fingers only served to enhance the overall sensations as my trainee enthusiastically set to work.

"Mmm. Juliet darling," I said. "How do I taste?"

"Wonderful, Miss Charlotte." She peered up at me with a perfectly submissive gaze while slowly lowering her tongue to resume contact with my smooth mound. As she drew it upward, her bright eyes let me know she was having fun. I was having fun too. A lot of fun.

"Show me how much you like it, darling," I breathed.

"Yes, Miss Charlotte," she answered, and I felt her tongue pressing inside me, parting me. Juliet had increased the pressure of her fingers on my thighs, massaging and caressing now instead of tickling, spreading my legs a little wider with a gentle insistence. All the while, her tongue probed deeper, swirling and scooping, seeking out the source of my nectar.

"Oh god, Juliet," I sang out, as I pawed at her shoulder. "Mistress is going to love this."

"Thank you, Miss Charlotte," she gasped, coming up for air.

"Doesn't mean you won't need to practice a lot, though." I'm pretty sure I heard Juliet giggling at my comment. I peeled off my top and Juliet helped me slough off my mini-skirt so I could pull my knees all the way up and give her better access to my body, particularly for that magical tongue of hers.

I watched as Juliet carefully laid my skirt and top out flat so they wouldn't get all wrinkled being wadded into a ball. She's a bit of a neat freak like that. When she was finished she turned her attention to adjust one of the throw pillows that had its zipper side showing.

"Ahem." I pointed to my crotch. "Keep your mind on your work, girl," I said, "or I swear I'll crop your ass pink before I let you have your your reward." Juliet already had her face buried and couldn't see me smirking, but I think she knew.

"Yes, Miss Charlotte," she said, and lowered her head again.

I let Juliet get back to her work while I lay back enjoying myself. She was quite good, and this wasn't the first time we had fooled around together, so she knew what I liked. Juliet had started in with long slow licks from just above my ass and culminating with a little swirl around my sensitive nub. It was amazing.

"That's it darling. Nice and slow. Mmm." I reached down to stroke her hair.

Juliet paused just long enough to cause me to glance down. When I did, she raised her eyes to me, teasing. And as soon as our gazes met she smiled and took another long slow lick, moaning all the way up. I think the moaning was put on for my benefit, because I thought I heard it turn into a little snicker toward the end.

"Something funny down there, darling?"

"No, Miss Charlotte," I heard, as I felt Juliet's knuckle bumping into my tight little backdoor.

Now I've always had a bit of an anal fetish, ever since Mistress and I first met. Juliet knows this about me too. And that's why I was not surprised to feel a trickle of her saliva mixed with my own juices being painted over my ass by the tip of her finger.

I arched my back and sighed. "Careful, darling. You know what that does to me."

"Yes, Miss Charlotte." I definitely heard a little snicker from Juliet this time, but the majority of the moaning was coming from me now.

"Slow darling. Mmm. Remember, nice and slow."

"Yes, Miss Charlotte."

Juliet's finger was pressing with a gentle insistence up against my tight rear entrance. I took a deep breath and let it out slowly, willing myself to relax as the air passed over my lips. I'm sure Juliet knew what I was doing, because as soon as my breath was expelled, she entered me.

"Mmm-hmm." I clamped my ass down on her intruding finger, letting my body adjust. God, that's good.

Juliet paused for a moment and then started with a slow thrusting, going just a little deeper each time. I swear she was synchronizing her tongue movements too, or maybe that was my imagination, I don't know. I did know that my thighs were starting to quiver, and that was not a good sign when it came to the idea of making this last a while.

"Slow down, girl. Don't make me come yet," I panted. "Keep me on the edge a little longer."

But Juliet didn't hear me. Let me rephrase that. I think Juliet heard me just fine, she just chose not to listen. She kept right on slathering me with that wonderful tongue of hers and massaging my backdoor with her slim and talented finger.

"Oh god, darling." My thighs started shaking and my eyelids began to flutter. I knew there was no stopping now. Soon I was thrashing my head against the back of the couch. "Oh god, darling. Oh-mi-god! Oh-mi-god! Oh! -- My! -- Gaahhh! Yes! Oh, yes!"

Juliet was sporting a big, stupid grin as she finally let up and rested her head on my thigh. She raised her eyes to mine. "So, how was it Miss Charlotte?"

I glared back at her. "Darlin', you are in big trouble."

I watched her grin slacken and her brow start to wrinkle. "Wh-what did I do wrong, Miss Charlotte? I thought you liked it."

I locked onto her eyes. "Oh, I did like it. I liked it a lot. But you do remember I told you to keep me on the edge and not to make me come until I said so, right? You do remember that, don't you?"

Juliet lowered her head to stare at the floor. "I'm sorry, Miss Charlotte. I sort of got caught up in the moment and forgot."

"I know you did, Juliet. That's why I'm going to give you a little something to help you remember." I wasn't really that upset -- I mean it was a serious, mind-bending orgasm, and I can't say I wasn't a willing participant -- but she had deliberately disobeyed me.

"I'm sorry, Miss Charlotte," she repeated, laying her head on my thigh.

"I know darling, but actions have consequences. Now go fetch the crop."

"Yes, Miss Charlotte," she said, and hustled off.

*

"I'm sorry, Miss Charlotte," Juliet said again as she knelt before me, eyes downcast, and holding the riding crop up where I could reach it.

I took a moment to stroke her hair. "I'm sorry too, Juliet. I'd like to say that this will hurt me more than it'll hurt you -- but, I'd be lying." I held her head to my tummy for a moment as I stood. "Just remember you can always ask me to slow down or stop if it gets too intense. I'm not trying to maim you, just teach you a lesson."

"Yes, Miss Charlotte." Juliet leaned forward, pressing her cheek to the floor and raising her ass into the air. "I'm ready."

"Um, OK." I hadn't really thought about this. I hadn't even taught her the position she was in right now. I had expected to be dishing out orgasms, not punishment. Oh, boy. I thought about what I had to do.

"I'm -- um -- I'm going to give you seven Juliet. That's a good number, and it should help you remember this little lesson," I said. "And don't forget about slow down and stop, OK?"

"Yes, Miss Charlotte."

Whack! I watched the pink rising on her right butt cheek. Juliet expelled a heavy breath, but was otherwise silent. I decided to have her count. That way I could gauge how she was holding up by the steadiness -- or unsteadiness -- in her voice.

"How many was that, darling?"

"Sniff. One, Miss Charlotte."

Oh god, not already. I steeled myself to deliver the next blow.

Whack! I landed it on the other side. She flinched, but otherwise held herself still as the second pink mark began to take form.

"Two. -- Two, Miss Charlotte."

"Very good, darling." I rubbed my hand over her warm pink flesh, trying to provide a little relief. Oh, who was I fooling? It was still going to sting like a sonofabitch. I decided to take a rip-the-bandage approach. Just get it over with.

Whack! "Three, Miss Char ..."

Whack! "F -- Four, Miss ..."

Whack! "Ahh-ho. Ahh-ho. Sniff. Fi -- five, Miss Charlotte. Ahh-ho-ho. Sniff."

I stopped. Obviously that was too much, too fast. I'm not very good at this, I thought to myself. Juliet was visibly shaking, but otherwise had not moved. "Darling, we're done."

"That was ... sniff. That was only five, Miss Charlotte."

"I know." I sat down on the sofa, leaning forward and holding my head in my hands. Juliet still hadn't gotten up.

"Are we taking a break, Miss Charlotte? Sniff. I can take the rest. I'm ready."

"I know you are, darling. Give me a minute, OK?" I took time to search my mind, to find the strength to do this. Why was I having so much trouble? Just stand up and get it over with, I told myself. She disobeyed and this is the consequence.

I rose to my feet and prepared to deliver the next blow. It was then that I heard the front door open and nearly jumped out of my skin when Mistress dropped her luggage on the floor.
