 It was the moment I had been waiting for. There had been something building up inside of me for months, but I couldn't quite figure out what I was feeling. Then our tongues connected and it was then that I knew.

*

~~~~Earlier~~~~

Chloe and I have been inseparable since the 7th grade. We connected quickly and became fast friends. We've watched each other grow into the people we are today. Here's the skinny on us. My name is Mady and I'm 18. I'm about 5'4", 115 pounds, brown hair and hazel eyes. Chloe is also 18. Her red hair and bright blue eyes look stunning on her 5'7", 110 pound frame. It's spring break of our final year of high school and we're just looking forward to partying the night away.

Too bad the partying had to be put on hold as Chloe got strep throat right off the bat. She was out for two days. Not wanting to get sick myself, I kept my distance and we talked on the phone at all hours of the night. I still did offer to take care of her, though. What kind of best friend would I be if I didn't? Of course she didn't take my help. It's a pride thing for her.

Soon enough, Chloe was back on her feet and we were out in the city looking for things to do. Everyone we wanted to hang out with were already engaged in something. Eventually we decided to just have my older sister get us some alcohol and we'd have our own little party in my room. Vodka bottle in our possession, we slowly started to sip on our drinks. We drink Vodka straight so it wasn't too long that we started to feel comfortable and slightly tipsy.

We started to discuss our crazy, sexual expeditions and things we'd like to try in the bedroom. This is something we've discussed plenty of times before, but with the alcohol in our systems, we got more detailed and open about our sexual fantasies. Some were pretty mundane. Sex in the rain, sex in a pool. Typical things like that. Then I randomly blurted out that I've always wanted to have a threesome. Chloe seemed a little surprised and pushed the subject further.

"A threesome, really? Like, with two other guys or what?"

"Two other guys, me and another girl. I want to try both."

"Wow, I thought I was the only one who wanted to do that."

This time she caught me off guard.

"You want to do it too?! Why didn't you tell me?"

"I don't know. It wasn't a big deal to me."

The thought lingered in the back of my mind. She wants to have a threesome. I started to get images in my head of us having a threesome together. I got really turned on. I've always thought Chloe to be quite attractive. I was secretly attracted to her and had started to think sexual thoughts about her. Whenever I thought about it, I'd get that tingle, but I pushed the notion out of my head because she's my best friend and we couldn't do that. Plus, she's a woman and I'm pretty sure I'm into men. The more I thought about it though, the more I became confused about my feelings. I felt like maybe we could move further in our relationship. With my new found curiosity, I delved deeper.

"Have you ever made out with a chick?"

"Yeah, when I was drunk."

"Ha, me too. You just have to love spin the bottle."

"Right? It just makes it okay to make out with random people."

"You want to make out?"

"What? Really?"

"Yeah. We both know making out is fun."

"I guess so."

"So, do you want to?"

She looked at me and started to move closer. She put her lips on mine. It was the moment I had been waiting for. There had been something building up inside of me for months, but I couldn't quite figure out what I was feeling. Then our tongues connected and it was then that I knew. We only made out for a few seconds, but it seemed like an eternity of bliss. I had never been so turned on. I loved feeling her lips on mine and our tongues intertwine. My thoughts started to race. I suddenly felt so in love with her. That was it. Those were the feelings I was avoiding. I was falling for her and making out was just the icing on the cake.

Chloe's cell phone rang and it was one of her guy friends. He wanted to hang out with her. She allowed him to come pick her up. I was disappointed that she was leaving, but I could deal with it. When he got there, I walked her out. She gave me a kiss on the lips and she was soon gone. My vagina was on fire. I had to take care of it as soon as possible. I got back to my room and flopped on my bed. I laid there reminiscing about the make out session I enjoyed with my best friend. My hand slowly lingered down past my pants until it found my clit. I rubbed slowly at first, but moved to a vigor once my thoughts moved back to the made up images of us having a threesome. It went from a threesome to just us having sex. I could just imagine me going down on her and her moaning until she came in my mouth. I was suddenly thrown out of my thoughts as my orgasm raged through me.

I couldn't believe I just masturbated to the thoughts of fucking my best friend, but it all felt so right. I knew deep down that I had push this relationship farther. I have to take things slow. After all, she is my best friend and I'm not going to ruin that.

TO BE CONTINUED...