 Thanks for all the positive feedback. I must mention that this story is based on true events. Of course, names have been changed and some details and dialogue have been altered. As the story continues, I'll update you on the real life saga. Until then, happy reading.



A couple weeks had passed since that eye opening night. We never really discussed it. We just moved on and considered it something we experienced together. I, on the other hand, kept wondering when our lips would meet again. Yeah, we'd give each other a kiss on the lips whenever we said bye and went to our separate homes, but I wanted that passion. I wanted her tongue against mine, exploring each other's mouths. Us making out again didn't consume my thoughts, but it sure did seem like it.

One night I decided to pick Chloe up and just drive around. We had been out for about an hour when we both started to get randomly horny. I don't even remember what we were discussing to get us that hot. I could feel my wetness through my jeans. I dropped her off back at home a little while later and I just grabbed her face and made out with her. I don't know what consumed me. She didn't back away though, she kept up right along with me. Chloe soon broke the kiss as she had to go. I drove home with a smile on my face that didn't fade until I fell asleep that night.

Our friend Shane called us a few days later and wanted us to come through. He was having a party and he knew Chloe and I were always up for getting hammered. The forty minute trek seemed like an eternity when alcohol is involved. We arrived soon enough though and the drinking commenced there after. On top of the alcohol, a few blunts were being passed around so it didn't take long until everyone's perception was altered. Chloe had been sitting on my lap due to the lack of chairs. Good music had started to play and I suggested she should give me a lap dance. Several lap dances was what I got. She ground her ass into my vagina to the point that I thought I could cum right then. She was making me so hot. I took her hand and placed it on my vagina outside of my jeans. She laughed and did the same thing with my hand. We were both extremely wet. 

My legs were becoming numb so I stood up to stretch and nearly fell. The alcohol had kicked in a long time ago, but I was too distracted by the lap dances that it somehow phased me. After stretching, I just wanted to lay down and try to sober up a little. I layed on Shane's bed and Chloe layed next to me. This time she grabbed my face and started to make out with me. My hand started to explore and made its way up to her boobs. I started fondling her on the outside of her shirt. I broke away from the kiss and started to lick and nibble on her ears; her weak spot. She moaned softly so I knew it was okay to continue.

I moved on top of her and continued my attack on her ears. My leg was in between hers and I noticed she was slightly rubbing herself on me. I kissed down her neck and then back up to her mouth. My hands pulled down the front of her shirt and exposed her bra. I stopped and kissed my way back down to her chest. I pulled down her bra to reveal her breasts. Somewhere in the back of my mind, I couldn't believe this was happening. I didn't let that stop me. I hungrily put her right nipple in my mouth. Chloe's moan became slightly more audible. I swirled her nipple around in my mouth and then switched to the left. I kneaded her right breast and sucked on the left and vice versa.

We both had forgotten about all of the other guys in the room. They were watching us without surprise. I started to kiss down Chloe's stomach and she stopped me right as I reached the start of her jeans.

"Mady, stop."

"What, why?"

"I don't think I'm ready for this."

"Chloe...we just---"

"I know, Mady. I know. I'm sorry. I'm just not ready for that."

I tried to not get angry as I knew the alcohol was leading us along, but I couldn't help it. I was so disappointed.

"Are you fucking kidding me? I just did all of that to you and now you want me to stop? You're a fucking tease!"

"I'm sorry! I thought maybe I could go through with it, but the alcohol has worn off a little and I'm just scared."

"What's there to be scared about? I'm your best friend, Chloe. I'm not gonna hurt you."

"I know, Mady. This is all just moving too fast."

Too angry to look at her, I rolled off and went outside to get some fresh air and calm down. I told myself to not be mad, it's okay that she's not ready. It is moving too fast. Don't ruin it, remember? Chloe came out a few minutes later and stood by me. We stood in silence for a few moments until I apologized for blowing up on her. She said it was okay and we hugged. We decided that we should sober up some more and head back home.



TO BE CONTINUED.