 AUTHOR'S NOTE: A few months ago I submitted a form of this story to FAWC (Friendly Anonymous Writers' Challenge) #5. After reviewing the constructive comments and critiques from the other participants, I've made some revisions to the story, and the results are what you are about to read. Where the story is good will have a lot to do with the suggestions those people were kind enough to make. If there are parts of the story that still aren't quite right, then feel free to blame those on me. At any rate, I hope you enjoy this tale. 

* * * *

Upon the table lay three items: a handkerchief, a book, and a knife.

Meghan took the handkerchief from the small plain wooden kitchen table and walked out to the living room of her best friend Danielle's apartment. She couldn't help but smile as her fun plan was unfolding.

Danielle was patiently sitting on the couch. As her best friend Meghan appeared, she immediately noticed what was in her hand. She looked warily at the handkerchief, and then back at her friend.

"Come on, Meghan," Danielle complained. "Do we have to do this?"

"You know what today is, right?" Meghan teasingly answered her friend's question with a question of her own.

"Duh! Of course I know, don't be ridiculous! But I asked you not to do this! I told you not to make a big deal of my birthday!" Today was Danielle's 20th birthday. She was torn between two conflicting feelings on reaching that milestone.

Her teen years were often awkward and difficult. Indeed, without the help of her friends, especially Meghan, she didn't know how she would have survived them. She was looking forward to putting that time behind her and becoming a young adult, and turning twenty certainly would help put her in the mindset to do just that.

On the other hand, becoming an adult meant there were decisions Danielle needed to make on the direction of her life, and she didn't know how to answer those questions. 'What should my next step be?' she often asked herself. Get a job or continue in school and get a Masters' degree? Stay close to home or move somewhere else in Canada, or even a different country altogether? None of the multitude of options seemed right. She was finding it difficult to deal with both the uncertainty and pressure from her family to make a decision.

Her latest series of worries about her future were interrupted by her friend's reply.

"And I told you I have to make it a big deal!" Meghan said with a cheeky smile. "It's a best friend's duty, after all!"

Meghan reflected on how she and Danielle first met on their first day of high school. They were seated together and assigned to be lab partners in science class. As they were chatting during their first lab, they found they shared many things in common, and they learned their birthdays were only one week apart. They were fast friends after that, joined at the hip throughout high school and now well into university.

Danielle's sigh brought Meghan back to the present.

"You're not going to change your mind about this, are you?" Danielle asked in frustration.

"Nope!" Meghan giggled.

"OK, fine." Danielle sighed and resigned herself to her fate as she closed her eyes. "Do your worst."

Meghan smiled as she tied the handkerchief around Danielle's eyes.

"Can you see anything?" she asked, waving her hands in front of her friend's face.

"No, I can't," Danielle replied. "I'm blind as the proverbial bat."

"You're so funny, Dani! Don't move, OK? And don't take off that handkerchief until I tell you!"

"Yes, Meghan!" Danielle said, sounding like a child sassing her mother.

Meghan laughed and stepped out on the apartment's balcony. It was a gloriously warm early spring day. She was grateful for the recent change in weather after another typically cold and snowy Canadian winter. She let the sunshine warm her face and basked in its glory for a moment.

She then looked around for her and Danielle's closest long-time mutual friends, who she invited to attend Danielle's "surprise" birthday party. She didn't have to look far. Dani's apartment was only on the second floor. The gathering of ten people below was well in sight.

"Well?" one of them asked.

"Everything's ready," Meghan said. "Come on up. And be quiet!"

Meghan waited by the door for their friends to arrive. She looked back at Danielle and smiled. Her best friend in the whole world squirmed in her seat and looked decidedly uncomfortable.

She heard the knock, opened the door and immediately shushed the giggling gaggle of girls and guys. A couple rolled their eyes at the absurdity. They knew there was nothing surprise about this "surprise" party. After all, they knew Danielle almost as well as Meghan did. But they all went along with it because they really liked Danielle and wanted her to have a good time.

Meghan put everyone into position. She retrieved the birthday cake from the counter and the knife from the kitchen table. She placed them on the coffee table in front of Danielle. One of their friends produced the plastic forks and plates she bought at the corner store, while another put candles on the cake and used his lighter to light them.

Meghan confirmed with a nod that everything was ready. She told Danielle she could remove the handkerchief.

Danielle did so and pretended to look surprised.

"HAPPY BIRTHDAY!" everyone yelled.

"Oh wow, guys, you shouldn't have," Danielle said. "I mean, you REALLY shouldn't have!"

Everyone laughed at Danielle's joke in spite of, or maybe because of, the fact it had more than a grain of truth behind it.

"Hurry up Dani!" Meghan exclaimed. "Blow out the candles!"

"Don't forget to make a wish!" someone yelled from the back.

'If it were me', thought Meghan, 'I know exactly what I'd wish for'.

Danielle tucked strands of her hair behind her ears and closed her eyes. After a pause where she, presumably, came up with a suitable wish, she blew out the candles, to the delighted cheers of everyone.

"OK, birthday girl, time to cut the cake!" Meghan said as she carefully handed Danielle the knife.

She did so and dished a piece out to everyone, saving herself for last. She smiled. "Chocolate cake, my favourite! At least you listened to me about something!" she told Meghan. She wanted her friend to think she was scolding her, but she couldn't hide the smile on her face that gave away her feelings. She was glad her best friend took all this time and trouble to make this day a celebration, after all.

"Just eat your cake and be thankful you're not wearing it!" Meghan retorted.

Danielle shook her head and laughed, amused at her friend's response. She took a bite, savouring the moist, sweet morsel in her mouth. She really did love chocolate, it was one of her few vices.

She then caught Meghan's intense gaze out of the corner of her eye. As soon as Danielle looked directly at Meghan, though, her friend quickly looked away.

It wasn't the first time Danielle caught Meghan doing that. She had a good idea why this was happening, though she didn't want to press the issue. She hoped Meghan would eventually open up to her about it, like she did about everything else.

It also brought, just like it did every time since she first noticed Meghan staring at her, strange, fluttering feelings in her stomach that Danielle could not explain.

Before she could think about it any further, someone flopped on the couch next to her and engaged her in conversation. For the moment, she forgot about Meghan's behaviour and tried to let herself relax and have fun.

After everyone enjoyed the cake, a drink or two, and lots of laughs, Meghan announced it was gift time. Everyone had pooled some of their limited funds together to get Danielle some university student essentials; movie passes and gift certificates for the local grocery store and Starbucks coffee.

"Thanks everyone, that's so nice of you!" Danielle was very appreciative of everyone's generosity. She gave everyone a big, friendly hug and peck on the cheek.

Except Meghan, but that was only because she had gone to retrieve the last item remaining on Danielle's kitchen table, a book that was festively wrapped in tissue paper.

She reappeared and said to Danielle, "I got you something a little bit extra. Hope you don't mind."

"Meghan, you didn't need to do that!"

"I know. I wanted to."

Danielle smiled. This was classic Meghan, always doing nice things for her without expecting anything in return. She really was a special friend.

She carefully removed the tissue paper to reveal its contents, and squealed excitedly when she saw it was the latest novel from her all-time favourite author.

"Meggy, this is great! Thank you so much!" Danielle ran to Meghan, hugged her tightly and gave her a big kiss on both cheeks.

Heat coursed through Meghan when Danielle embraced her. She shivered briefly but quickly shook the feeling off, hoping Danielle wouldn't suspect anything. She hugged her friend back and told her how happy she was that she liked her gift so much.

She very much wanted to give Danielle something else for her birthday. Something she'd wanted to give her for almost two years. But she wasn't sure if she'd have the courage to do it, so worried she was over how her best friend for life would react.

* * * *

Soon after she began her first year of university, Meghan discovered two things about herself.

One, she was a lesbian. Two, she realized her new feelings for Danielle for what they were; a sign she wanted to be more than friends with her. Indeed, Meghan desperately wanted to have sex with Danielle.

But it wasn't just about sex. Meghan also knew, with every fibre of her being, that she had fallen helplessly in love with Danielle.

During her senior year of high school, after she turned eighteen, Meghan noticed her stomach clenched and her pussy tingled whenever she saw attractive women. This was different from all her classmates, so she convinced herself something must be wrong with her. All her female friends, including Danielle, talked about guys and how hot they were and how it felt to kiss them and more, yet Meghan never felt a thing around any man, no matter how handsome he was.

It was the thought of kissing, and more, with women that sent her mind and pulse racing.

Meghan didn't know who to turn to. She would have rather dropped dead of embarrassment than tell her friends or anyone else at school. Her family was not an option, either. They were too uptight to understand such an "alternative lifestyle". Her last few months of high school, as a result, were awkward and unhappy.

Danielle noticed that Meghan seemed to be unhappy, though she was stubborn enough not to tell her why. Still, Danielle did her best to comfort her friend, no questions asked.

Meghan certainly appreciated the effort, but that led to another problem. The increased and more intimate time together sparked something in her. Meghan felt strong, dangerous urges to undress Danielle and taste every square inch of her nude body. She chastised herself for thinking of her friend this way, but she couldn't ignore the desires and vivid dreams that plagued her day and night.

It was only when she went to see a guidance counselor during her first year at university that she found some of the answers she sought. The counselor was very understanding and explained to her that being a lesbian didn't make her a freak or a bad person. Moreover the university Meghan attended was well known for being accepting and supportive of people of all different backgrounds, so she was in a safe environment where she would not be judged.

Meghan was relieved and happy for this knowledge about herself. She believed, with her counselor's assistance, she was making a personal breakthrough and was ready to accept her sexual orientation.

She thanked her counselor profusely. The counselor offered further help by directing Meghan to student-run support groups for gay and lesbian students. Meghan accepted the information and started attending some of the group's meetings.

She soon met Lori, a friendly, attractive student in her junior year. Lori was active and popular with everyone in the support group without being one of the leadership circle. The two became friendly quite quickly.

One night Lori offered to take Meghan to dinner, saying it might be easier in a different setting to give her more advice on how to deal with life as a lesbian, or they could just talk and have a stress-free fun night out if that's all she wanted. Meghan readily accepted.

During dinner, Lori let it slip that she found Meghan to be very good-looking. Meghan admitted she found Lori very attractive as well.

From there, the dinner became a date.

It led to Meghan's first kiss with a woman, and it didn't stop there. Meghan willingly went to Lori's place at the end of the night and let her first lover seduce her. Meghan enjoyed her first sexual experience with a woman immensely, and couldn't wait to have it happen again.

The two continued to date for a while and regularly enjoyed sex with each other during that time. Meghan was thankful to Lori for showing her the ropes, and Lori was only too happy to do so with such a beautiful and formerly inexperienced young woman.

Before things got too involved Lori had a serious talk with Meghan. Lori planned to study abroad in Europe for a year before completing her degree at home, so because of these plans she told Meghan their relationship could not last for the long term.

Meghan was relieved, in a sense. Not that she disliked Lori or wanted to be rid of her. Lori was a very important person in Meghan's life. She was a patient, wonderful lover who taught Meghan many things about lesbian life, sexual and otherwise. She was part of a necessary step in Meghan's understanding of her body and herself, and she would never forget or be thankful enough for what Lori did for her. Their time together was satisfying, and though it had to end, it did so amicably.

The reason for Meghan's relief, though, was she had been thinking of a way to end their relationship herself. Lori's future plans saved her from the messy work that would have been. As much as she cared for Lori, Meghan knew she could never love her, so she had to cut ties with her before it was too late.

Because she wasn't Danielle. She could never be Danielle.

Meghan had experienced many ups and downs with Danielle. Through everything the two were always there for each other. When Meghan came out to her friends, Danielle was the most supportive of all, saying that she was happy and proud of her and that it wouldn't change their friendship at all. Meghan knew she could never ask for a better friend.

And it didn't hurt that Danielle was sexy.

It wasn't always easy for Danielle to believe she was good-looking. She didn't have as much luck with guys as some of their other girlfriends. She may not have been a virgin but she was pretty sexually inexperienced.

Sometimes Danielle thought the fault lay with her, but Meghan knew the real reason behind her friend's problem. Too many of the guys they went to high school and university with were shallow and gravitated to the easy and superficial. They didn't have the desire or patience to appreciate a diamond in the rough like Danielle.

But Meghan did.

Danielle had nice light brown hair. She usually chose to wear it in a ponytail, but when she did anything stylish with her hair, it looked spectacular in Meghan's eyes.

Some thought Danielle's fashion sense made her look bookish and nerdy, but Meghan thought it made her look even smarter than she was, and Danielle was very smart to begin with.

Danielle was a petite girl and had, in Meghan's opinion, a pretty face, small but perky boobs that fit her frame perfectly, and the cutest little butt. Meghan fantasized many times about cradling that butt in her hands while sucking on what she was sure would be wonderfully aroused pointy nipples.

In short, Meghan considered Danielle to be a certified hottie.

The two friends rarely had disagreements, but the one thing Danielle did that Meghan couldn't stand was comparing her body to Meghan's and finding herself wanting. It was a habit that drove Meghan crazy. Danielle would wish to be taller, more athletic, and/or have larger breasts like Meghan. Meghan would tell Danielle to stop complaining, because she really was beautiful and she needed to accept and appreciate herself and her body. Each time, Meghan hoped it was the last time they would have this fight, only for Danielle to bring up the comparison on another day.

If things worked out as Meghan hoped they would, the day would come when she would finally have the chance to prove to Danielle once and for all that she was truly sexy and desirable.

* * * *

Danielle and Meghan's friends had long since left. They went for a night out on the town and wanted to take the birthday girl along. After all, some of them said, she needed to take advantage of the fact she could legally drink and go to bars in Canada while still being young enough to not be allowed to do so in the States while she still could.

Danielle backed out, feigning fatigue and a headache, and Meghan told the crew she couldn't join them either, as she had 'selflessly' volunteered to stay behind and 'help nurse Danielle back to health'.

It was now just the two of them, alone in Danielle's apartment.

They finished cleaning up as quickly as possible, wanting to get that task out of the way. They were now back in the living room, resting on the couch and watching some forgettable program on TV.

Until Danielle reached for the remote and shut it off.

"Meghan, can I tell you something?" she asked.

Meghan tensed up for a second but told her friend to go ahead.

"I know I told you not to do anything for my birthday," Danielle said, "and I complained when you went ahead with your plans anyway. But to be honest I'm glad you did. I had a lot of fun today, and I really appreciate the gifts everyone gave me... especially yours!"

"You're welcome!" Meghan replied, with some relief. "I'm happy you had such a good time."

"I really did. But... speaking of my gift... I need to apologize to you."

"Really? Why?"

"Remember last week at the mall? I said I wanted to go to the bookstore. I was going to get that book. You told me no and steered us somewhere else and I got mad at you. I should have known you had something like this planned. I'm really sorry."

"Oh don't worry about that, Danielle! I forgive you. To be honest, I had forgotten that even happened." Meghan wasn't entirely truthful, she did remember Danielle being upset but she wasn't concerned because she knew everything would be set right once Danielle's birthday came along. In any case it wasn't a big deal. She was more than happy to forgive Danielle if she felt that's what was needed.

"Thanks Meggy! You're such a good friend. Hug?"

"Of course!"

The two embraced and Meghan felt the desire burning through her again. She decided she couldn't hide this secret anymore, it was killing her inside. She had to be brave, let her friend know the truth and then deal with the aftermath.

"OK Dani," she said quietly, "you told me something, now it's my turn to tell you something."

Danielle noticed the nervousness in Meghan and sensed this was going to be something important. "Sure Meghan, go ahead."

Meghan was even more nervous than she thought she would be. "Well... um, you see... you, uh, know I'm a lesbian right?"

"Uh, yeah!" Danielle laughed, hoping that would ease Meghan's tension. "You told me that already, remember?"

"Oh... yeah, right, haha I guess I did. It's just... you see, I've had a crush on this girl for a long time now, and... it's..."

Danielle was now very nervous. Meghan was usually so sure of herself. It wasn't like her to stumble over her words.
