 Libby and I spent every night for the rest of the week sharing a bed with each other. We'd have sex well into the night, until our muscles ached and our jaws were stiff. Each morning, I would wake up naked, tangled up in my kid sister's loving arms.

It was the best week of my life! 

Every day, I couldn't stop smiling at school, eagerly waiting for classes to end so I could go home and be with Libby.

My boyfriend tried to get me to go out a few times over the course of the week, but I would always make up excuses and turn him down. 

I know Libby was doing the same thing with her guy. As popular girls, we both had boyfriends on the football team. 

I used to think I was so lucky to have him... but that was before Libby and I got together... Now, I found him bullish and loud... and actually, pretty thick. He wasn't even very good looking, just a meathead in a uniform. And there was just no comparing his clumsy groping to Libby's incredible touch...

Needless to say, he was getting frustrated, but I didn't really care. I was one of Summer's goddesses! I could certainly do better than that dunce.

Friday finally came, and I was incredibly nervous. I had no clue what was in store for Libby and I at Summer's that night.

We'd talked about it for almost an hour the night before, after our love making. We both agreed to do whatever Summer asked of us, no matter what.

As the week had worn on, Dawn seemed to be getting increasingly anxious. At the lunch table, she spoke less and less, just staring down at her tray of food. Any time someone would address her directly, she'd practically jump out of her skin.

Now that the fateful day had arrived, she was a jittery mess. I saw her in the hall between classes and decided to try and put her at ease.

"Hey, Dawn! Excited for tonight?" I asked.

She looked up at me with wide eyes. "Um... S-s-sure!" she squeaked unconvincingly.

"Hey, it's ok if you're nervous! I am too! I mean, I've never been to Summer's before, either."

"But... y-y-you've done it with girls before... I haven't!" she almost whispered. "Oh God... I'm so nervous!"

I reached out to touch her arm. "Hey, it's alright! Look, the other day, I lied when I said Libby and I messed around. I was just as shocked by what those other girls were saying as you were."

"R-r-really?? You mean, you and Libby don't mess around and stuff?"

I blushed slightly. "Well... That was true a few days ago... Since that lunch though..." I trailed off.

Dawn's eyes grew even wider. "Oh gosh.. So you really HAVE made out with your sister... How far did you guys go?"

My blush grew deeper. "Er.. All the way..." I confessed.

Dawn gasped and clapped her hand over her mouth. "Fuck... I'm so screwed..." she moaned.

"Hey, it's alright! Libby and I will look out for you tonight. I promise."

"Really? You'd do that?" she asked.

"Of course! Us new girls have got to stick together!"

She seemed at least a little relieved after our talk, and we went to our separate classes. As they day wore on, I grew increasingly anxious about what the evening would bring...

---------------------------------

I couldn't believe I was actually, finally in Summer Evans's home! And, oh my gosh- it was a HUGE place! Her parents were DEFINITELY very well off.

As it turned out, they were out for the night, leaving the place to Summer for her sleepover. Libby and I found ourselves in Summer's basement, which was where we would be spending the night.

I had thought it would just be the four if us at the sleepover, but Summer had invited her whole crew. More than a dozen girls were lounging around the spacious room.

We were all dressed in our night clothes, sitting in a circle on the carpeted floor. Summer had suggested we braid each other's hair, and of course, we all complied, taking turns in pairs.

Libby was behind me, busily working her way down my long mane, when Summer decided to address us.

"So, scissor sisters-" she said, using the nickname she'd christened us with days ago. "How about you show us one of your famous lezzie kisses?"

I took a deep breath. It was starting! I noticed Dawn staring at us anxiously.

"Um... S-s-sure thing!" Libby replied, trying to seem as chipper as possible. I knew her heart was pounding in her chest just as hard as mine was.

She touched my chin and tilted my head to the side, leaning over my shoulder. Our lips connected, and immediately, I forgot about where we were. I lost myself in Libby's kiss, our tongues dancing, moaning as she wrapped her arms around me.

"Holy shit..." I heard someone breath, but I was lost in Libby's taste.

Suddenly, Summer burst out laughing. I pulled back from Libby and spun towards her.

"I can't believe you guys fell for it!" Summer gasped through loud guffaws. "I can't believe you actually kissed! I mean, you're sisters!! Like, ew!!"

The rest of the girls then joined in, laughing along with their fearless leader. The only one who didn't join in with the others was Dawn. Libby and I looked around the room, our faces growing a deep shade of crimson.

"You... You guys don't mess around??" I asked, incredulously.

"God, no! We aren't dykes!" Summer cackled. "It was all just a prank!" She wiped tears from her eyes and motioned for the other girls to quiet down.

"We aren't dykes either!" I found myself shouting. "We just kissed to... to freak you guys out!"

"But, you told me you and Libby were having sex!" Dawn blurted. As soon as she realized what she'd said, she clapped her hands over her mouth.

"Holy shit..."

"Is she serious?"

"Oh my God..."

The girls were all murmuring and looking at each other. I looked at Libby. She seemed on the verge of tears. Pursing my lips, I got up onto my knees.

"Fine, it's true." I said. "Libby and I are fucking. And it's amazing. It's the best sex I could ever imagine having, and I never want it to end. I love her."

Libby sobbed and threw her arms around me. "I love you too!" she cried. I turned to her and we kissed again, passionately. The room was quiet as everyone else seemed to be holding their breath.

"That's... so hot..." Summer blurted out.

I pulled away from Libby yet again. "What??"

"I just.. I didn't know you guys were actually..." Now Summer was going red. "I'm sorry, I... it was just a joke..."

"What's it like?" another girl called out. "Being with another girl?"

"It's amazing." Libby replied. "No one knows how to touch me like she can. I've been cumming multiple times a night ever since we started fooling around."

An excited murmur rose up around the room. Then Dawn got up onto her knees. "Will you guys... like.. Can you show me?" she asked. "I mean... can I... be with you?"

Libby and I looked at one another. She nodded, and I smiled. "Come here, Dawn."

Dawn crawled over towards us, and we wrapped her up in our arms. I pressed my lips to hers, and she sighed. She was practically trembling against me. Then I pulled back and Libby kissed her as I let my lips trail down to her throat.

"Mmmm..." Dawn sighed, seemingly enjoying our kisses thoroughly.

I looked past her and noticed everyone staring. "Why don't you girls try it too?" I suggested.

Dawn pulled me in again and her tongue plunged between my lips. I sighed and slid my hand down to cup her ass as we made out with each other.

When I pulled back again to let Libby take over, we weren't the only ones going at it. Girls were pairing off and kissing all around us, now.

I saw Summer crawling towards us. "I... I'm so sorry for all this..." she said.

"It's ok... If it weren't for you, Libby and I wouldn't have found each other."

I turned, hearing Dawn gasp as Libby lifted her shirt and kissed her naked breast. When I looked back at Summer, she was staring at them and biting her lip.

"Do you want to... join us?" I asked.

Summer slowly nodded, staring at me. We melted together, and she groaned as my tongue slid into her mouth.

I quickly pushed Summer down onto the carpeted floor. Girls were moaning all around us as I kissed my way down to her chest. Her night shirt was riding up, her smooth stomach on display. I slid it up further, kissing and licking the under side of her breasts.

"Oh shit..." she gasped, her fingers twisting in my hair. I grinned, and nuzzled my way up until I was sucking her nipple.

"Oooooh fuck, Meg... yesssss..." she hissed, arcing her back into my touch. She stripped her top off completely as I kissed and fondled her breasts.

Dawn was whimpering beside me as she made out with Libby. My sister had her hand stuffed inside the girl's pj bottoms. I looked over to see the reserved girl grinding desperately against Libby's busy fingers. I grinned, and shared a wink with my sister before turning back to our hostess.

Summer was breathing heavily as I kissed my way down to her stomach. Her hips lifted off of the floor eagerly as I tugged at the waistband of her bottoms. I could smell how ready she was for me as soon as her pussy came into view. It was glistening with moisture, and had me salivating.

"Oh God yes..." she whined, as I took my first taste of her moist little slit. My tongue delved deep and I groaned. She tasted incredible...

I felt Summer's fingers twist in my hair as she ground her sopping cunt into my lips. My tongue probed her hot slit, and her juices oozed into my hungry mouth.

Libby spun Dawn around on all fours, tugging her pants down over her pert ass. She kissed her way down over the girl's back and made her way south.

I saw Dawn's face contort with pleasure as my sister found her juicy slit, tonguing it eagerly from behind as she massaged and kneaded her ass cheeks.

Dawn was kneeling just beside us and grinding back into Libby's face. She locked eyes with Summer and the two girls leaned into one another.

I watched from between Summer's hot thighs as the two girls joined in a sloppy kiss. They moaned into each other while Libby and I devoured their creamy slits.

I felt other hands on my body as I tongue fucked Summer's gooey folds. I moaned, now getting stripped and groped, my pussy growing hotter by the second.

Then, there was a face in my pussy, a tongue lapping ravenously at my folds. I groaned, and redoubled my efforts on Summer's sweet honey pot.

She sobbed into Dawn's lips and bucked against me, humping my face harder. I could tell she was close, and quickly pursed my lips tightly around her buzzing clit. My fingers slid into her moist channel, and I pumped them soundly, setting her off.

Summer cried out, reaching up and clinging to Dawn as she exploded. Hot juices oozed onto my tongue and I moaned, lapping up all I could.

Pulling back to gasp for air, I turned to look at the girl between my legs. She was clearly licking her first pussy, but loving every second. Her eagerness outshone her inexperience, and soon I was on the edge. Then Libby's face came into view, and she kissed me passionately.

I moaned into my baby sister's lips, tasting Dawn on her tongue. My body convulsed, and I came hard, causing the girl eating me to mewl with pleasure.

As soon as I recovered, I pulled Libby down harshly to the floor. The girl behind me had already melted back into the fold.

"Fuck me you sexy bitch!" Libby groaned, pulling me down on top of her. 

We kissed fiercely and scrambled to scissor our smooth thighs together. My dripping slit made contact with hers and we both let out sharp gasps. I sat up, wedging my horny slit firmly against Libby's, and started to pump.

She squealed, looking up at me with those smouldering, sexy eyes of hers. Her hands kneaded my breasts as we ground together, whimpering and snarling.

"Fuck yes!" she gasped. "Fuck me, Sis!"

I groaned and slammed my pussy harder into hers.

Arms circled my waist and I looked back to see Summer leaning over my shoulder. We made out lecherously. She moaned as I slurped greedily on her tongue.

As we made out, she ground her hot slit into my grinding ass. I felt her wetness seep onto my skin, and groaned as I was bathed in it's heat.

I felt Libby pulling at me suddenly, and slipped out of Summer's arms. Leaning forward again, I crushed my lips against my baby sister's. We made out desperately, our boiling pussies frothing against each other. I moaned and licked her face, still feeling Summer's hot box grinding into me from behind.

The feeling of being wedged between these two hot girls was incredible. My pussy creamed as it scraped desperately against my baby sister's.

I screeched and began to convulse on top of Libby, cumming hard on her hot slit. She was mewling beneath me, and bit into my shoulder as she went off as well. We thrashed together, our hot boxes slapping frantically in our combined juices.

I finally recovered enough to roll off of Libby's trembling body. As soon as I did, Summer fell on top of Libby, and the two made out furiously. 

I groaned as I watched them go at it, feeling my own pussy ooze with excitement. Then a hand touched my face and I looked up to see Dawn hovering above me.

"Oh Megan... I'm so hot..." she whimpered, leaning in and kissing me deeply. I moaned and grabbed the back of her head, pulling her harder into the kiss.

She soon tore her lips away and scrambled over my body, climbing down to my snatch. I felt her lips clamp over my hot slit just as her knees hugged my upturned face.

"Oh Dawn, yes!!" I cried out as she sucked eagerly on my slippery clit.

I grabbed her waist and pulled her down to my face, eager to return the favour. We whimpered and undulated together in a hot, sweaty sixty-nine. I heard her mewling into my pussy as I whimpered into her's. 

Beyond us, the room reverberated with the sounds of the intensifying orgy. Moaning and slurping sounds filled the room, combined with cries of ecstasy.

Dawn began to shake on top of me, her hot slit gyrating against my tongue. I held her firmly in place as I lapped up her cream greedily.

She let out a muffled wail into my slit and started to go off. I moaned, clamping my lips over her open gash and guzzling her orgasm.

As she trembled on top of me, she licked and sucked frantically at my horny slit. Her mouth clamped over my box and she lashed her tongue from side to side, squealing.

That set me off, and I wailed into her, thrashing beneath her on the cum-stained carpet. My juices flooded her mouth and she seemed to drink them with wild abandon.

When my eyes opened again, Dawn was gone. Two other girls had pulled her off of me, and were busily licking my cream from her face.

I looked over to Summer and Libby just in time to see them go off together. They were both leaning back on their elbows, scissoring their boxes furiously.

"Fuck yes!! Fuck me Baby!" Summer cried out. She tossed her head back and howled, bucking into my sister's hot slit.

"Oh fuck yes fucking Jesus YEEEEESSSS!!" Libby squealed, as she exploded as well. I moaned as I watched them, and sat up, my pussy already begging for more.

I crawled over to Summer, who had just collapsed on her back, her legs still tangled with my sister's. Her eyes were closed, her chest heaving as she struggled to catch her breath.

I moaned and straddled her face, digging my moist slit hard against her nose. Her eyes shot open and she moaned. I felt her tongue wriggle into my hot slit.

"FUCK YES!!" I shouted, tossing my head back as I rode her cum-smeared face. My fingers dug into her tangled hair, and I pumped my hips.

Robyn, one of the girls who'd helped trick Libby and I earlier that week, sidled up in front of me. She was dishevelled and panting, clearly having had several orgasms already. She shoved her tongue into my mouth and I groaned, returning the feral kiss. I could taste pussy on her breath, though I had no way of knowing who's it was.

As we made out, I rode Summer's face harder and slid my hand down to cup Robyn's pussy. She whimpered into my lips and pushed her slit down eagerly on my fingers.

My hard nipples brushed Robyn's as we kissed. She wrapped her arms around my neck, clinging to me. Our chests mashed together, and I pumped her slit even faster.

Summer was whimpering between my legs, her tongue drilling up into my box. I could feel her nose rubbing back and forth insistently on my clit.

I felt her hands pull my ass cheeks apart, and then someone's breath washed over my crack.

I moaned, and tore my lips from Robyn's to look back and see who it was.

Libby grinned up at me as she knelt over Summer's sweat-slick torso. Her face was inches from my churning ass, and she slowly licked her lips.

"Oh fuck, do it!" I groaned. She dove forward and I nearly passed out. Her tongue wriggled against my butt hole, covering it generously with her spit.

My fingers were still pumping inside Robyn, and she whined, pulling me back around for another kiss. I ravaged her, eating her lips fiercely as both my holes were being devoured.

My nipples throbbed, PAINFULLY hard, my pussy a creamy mess. I was sure I was soaking Summer's face, but she seemed to love every second!

'Libby's face was buried in my crack, her tongue probing deeper into my hole. It was all finally too much for me, and I screamed as I went off yet again.

My hips churned between Libby and Summer, both girls eating me through my climax. I winced and shivered, my hand still clawing desperately at Robyn's hot gash.

She mewled and bucked against my fingers, apparently going off as well. I barely noticed, however, as my own pleasure was so intense!

Robyn slipped away from me and I fell forward onto my hands and knees. My cunt lifted from Summer's mouth, but Libby kept herself clamped to my rear. She let out muffled grunts as she continued to attack my ass.

"Oh fuck, Libby!! Jesus!! I can't take it!!" I gasped, unable to stop myself from shaking.

My arms gave out and I let my face fall to the carpeted floor. Libby held my ass up though, tongue fucking it hard and deep.

I whined, drool leaking from the corner of my mouth onto the carpet. Convulsing, I went off again, my eyes rolling back into my skull.

Libby finally pulled back to gasp for air once my second orgasm subsided. I crumpled to the floor and looked back at her. She grinned maniacally, spit dribbling from her reddened chin.

Two girls suddenly came up on either side of her, pulling her away from me. I groaned, too tired to go after her, but wanting to get her back for that amazing cum...

Instead, I felt myself being roughly turned onto my back. I looked up in time to see a pussy being lowered onto my face. I didn't even see who it was, as the girl leaned forward over my body. I felt her kissing my stomach and thighs, and moaned as I lapped at her creamy box.

I tongue fucked her hard, wanting to get her off quick so I could go find my sister. My energy was returning, and I was eager to find Libby and pay her back.

With the energy of my tongue fucking, the girl above me came fairly quickly. She rolled away, and I sat up, looking around to see where Libby had gone.

Suddenly, Dawn appeared in front of me, looking as if she'd been completely ravaged. Her hair was a mess, and pussy cream was smeared across her entire face.

"Oh Megan... This is incredible, isn't it?" she enthused.

I grinned. "Definitely!" I breathed. "Have you seen my si-"

Before I could finish my sentence, Dawn kissed me hard on the lips. I groaned, automatically opening my lips for her searching tongue.

The shy girl I'd talked to that afternoon was certainly long gone by this point! She wrapped her arms around me, pulling our bodies firmly together.

I felt her nipples grinding into my tits, and it made my pussy throb. "Oh shit..." I breathed, as we parted briefly, a strand of saliva connecting our hot, swollen lips.

Dawn sat, spreading her legs, and I did the same, embracing her again. We wrapped our legs around each other and pressed our hot mounds together.
