 I awoke to find a beautiful but familiar stranger in my bed and I kept thinking to myself how did this happen, I mean we are best friends and have many a time shared a bed or a bath or simply just fell asleep holding each other after a girl's night in but never before anything like this?

She lay there sleeping, breathing deeply and the sheet exposed the curve of her shoulder blade and smoothly followed the contours of her spine and nestled in the small of her back. Her skin so even, delicate and silky to the touch...Aaah, I remember her bronze tanned skin and how it smelt...a seductive concoction of vanilla and cocoa butter.

I swept her long, curly black hair from her face and gazed fixedly at her long, black eyelashes, those almost perfect facial features and those luscious and full velvet pink lips which complimented the rosy hues of her cheeks. I smiled as I ran my fingers a few more times through her hair, combing the loose strands back as I covered her naked body with the sheet carefully not to wake her. I stood up, put my gown and slippers on and headed for the kitchen.

This is my every morning ritual; to stand in front of the coffee percolator shivering like some drug addict with serious withdrawal symptoms as filter coffee is one addiction I cannot live without as it get's me through the long, tiring days of working. Luckily, today is Sunday so I can relax sipping my coffee indulgently as if it were my last and page through the current newspaper to brush up on breaking news and the stock market.

Suddenly I find myself not concentrating really on the news or the statistics but instead I replay the night before's events over and over in my mind, grinning shamelessly as I can feel myself getting flushed over with a warm feeling. What happened last night you may ask, well, first let me tell you a bit about us, the "Terrible Twins" as we have been named by our colleagues and how we got that name is a story entirely on it's own.

My name is Amber and at the time of the experience I was 28 years old. I was a Contract Manager for a lucrative Transport company and was studying my profession further through the University of Johannesburg. I am 1.64 meters tall with light brown hair that flows down to my shoulder blades and I have blue eyes, sort of discerning eyes that are hard to lie to as they have been described. My personality has been described as bubbly, an extrovert, a dare-devil and an aura of self-confidence and always the life of the party. I have 34cm hips and a 36C bust. The one thing I am never seen without is my best friend Lisa; we are inseparable. We have been best friends for a good 10 years now.

Lisa has just turned 24 years old and works as an Insurance Administrator for the same company. She is 1.70 meters tall with black curly hair that wildly cascades in the small of her back and she has piercingly pale blue eyes, the kind of eyes that stare straight through you, the kind of eyes that you can't say no to when she's asking so nicely. Eventhough we are best friends, Lisa is pretty much slain to conjecture and rumours of how she spends her time being the "company village bicycle" as it has been put. Knowing her so well, I can honestly say that I think the women of the company are unfair to her as much of the conjecture and rumours she is tormented by are not true at all. Lisa does have a cocky and fun personality and she does like to flirt with the men but its all in the name of fun and personally, I think it's her way of boosting her self-confidence. Lisa has 36cm hips and a 36C bust. I know Lisa looks up to me as her role model and she is the only person I can share my darkest secrets and deepest thoughts without being subjected to ridicule or conjecture. Wherever I am, you will find Lisa.

Enough of that, now on to what happened last night...

It's Saturday the 22nd of October and its Lisa's 24th birthday today. As customary, I'm on my way to pick Lisa up for a girl's night out. It's a long drive as she lives an hour away from me but I keep my mind pre-occupied with some of my favorite music blaring from my Audi as I drive along. The country side along the way is fairly flat and dotted with new residences and upcoming businesses. I eventually pull up in her driveway and walk to the front door which is standing ajar for me to enter. I walk in announcing that I have arrived and am greeted by her Senegal Parrot; Oscar. I didn't fancy Oscar all that much not that I don't like birds but this bird has a split personality and just as quick as he is your friend, so quick is he launch a savage attack of persistent biting. Before I continue onwards into the rest of her house, I give Oscar the usual death-stare just to make sure that he understands that today is not the day to launch a savage attack on me. For once, it seemed to work as Oscar moved further along his perch and began whistling while focusing his attention in another direction.

I quickly scurry past before "Hannibal Lector" as I like to call him decides to change his mind. I walk down the short, narrow passage which leads to the spare bedrooms and main bedroom. To describe her house is somewhat difficult as she has just bought it and the only way I can describe it to award it some justice is that she has began to make it her own and started to decorate it to her personality type. As I enter the main bedroom, I'm not surprised to see that she is still not dressed as she flounders in her cupboard for something to wear. I sit on her bed patiently and start some small talk while she finishes off. I know why she's late as I denote the familiar smell of early morning sex with her fiancée who had already left for work. I often wonder why she is with him as they don't seem to fit together at all and she often complains that he does not attend to her needs as she would like him to and that he only wants to stay at home all the time and drink and braai. Her choice in men has not been the best choice as she often chooses a man who doesn't really appreciate her and she always ends up getting hurt.

Luckily, her fiancée knows that we are best friends and that she won't let anything get in the way of our friendship as it has been around much longer and has stood the test of every possible hump and bump that life could throw at it. Finally, she's ready and clutches for her bag as we head for the door. On the way, I have to face "Hannibal Lector" again as he tries to flay my elbow but this time my reactions are too fast and I escape unscathed. She locks up and we head for my house.

We spend most of the day lounging around my rock pool, sipping on any type of cocktail we can concoct and share our most intimate experiences and thoughts. I can see that Lisa seems to have sadness about her that she's trying to hide as best as she can and I know why she's sad, she seems to think that I have forgotten about her birthday as I have not mentioned anything of the sort. I get up, roughly dry myself off and head inside for a moment. I return with a wrapped box, give to her and say: Happy Birthday Lisa. I didn't forget...I hope you like the present.

Like a child at a Christmas tree, she quickly tears the paper with excitement and opens the box to find the short camouflage skirt she has always wanted but couldn't find her size and a black halter-neck top. She smiles with delight and rushes up to me with her wet body pressed against mine and gives me a hug and kiss to say thank-you. She says to me: I hope we are going out tonight as I can't wait to wear my new outfit?

To which I reply: Of course we are going out tonight. We are going to celebrate your birthday with a bang.

The afternoon fades away to sunset and we decide to go get ready to go out. As we pass the kitchen, we quickly heat up some microwave pizza's and scoff it down as it wouldn't be a pleasant evening if we were too drunk to enjoy it. She strolls down my passage towards my main bedroom to shower, removing her costume bit by bit and throwing it on the floor as she walks. I follow, picking up her costume off the floor, yes, my friend is rather messy but I don't mind, I enjoy watching her prance around like she didn't have a care in the world.

I run myself a warm bath as she climbs in the shower. I lay there soaking for a few minutes in full view of the shower. For the first time, I look at her in a different way, not as my best friend. I watch her lather up, the soap running down her provocative body and I see how voluptuous and sexy she really is for the first time. I watch as she rubs the soap down her cleavage and over her pink nipples. I feel my breath deepening as I watch in awe as she slides the soap down her navel and to her vulva. She spreads her legs willingly, inviting the soap in as she parts her lips with the bar of soap and begins washing. The expression on her face is that of pleasure as she rubs the bar up and down. I can't but help myself to watch as I put my hand between my legs. I start rubbing my clitoris gently and sliding my fingers up and down my already wet pussy. I watch as she washes every inch of herself, arousing me further as I increase the pace and slide two fingers deep within me. I try not to make a sound so I bite my lip to hold in my pleasure cries as I continue working my g-spot. I'm close; I can feel the wave coming.

I'm so enveloped in my own pleasure that I do not at first notice that she's watching me as I diligently finger myself in the bath. I feel a hot feeling, the kind of feeling when you know someone is staring at you and I look to see if she sees what I'm doing. To my surprise, she has been watching me and is smiling mischievously at me. I get such a fright as I quickly sit up and start lathering the back brush as I feel a hot sensation welling up in my cheeks...I know I'm embarrassed as I have never done this in front of her and I'm wondering what she's thinking...it's her fault, she aroused me in the first place...we are best friends... I couldn't possibly tell her that. I brush the thought off and finish bathing, praying she's not going to tell me that she thinks that I'm disgusting and that it's best if we ended the friendship as its going too far now.

The whole time while I'm putting my make-up on, she's glaring at me with a smirk on her face. I pretend I don't notice and continue applying the mascara when she says: Amber, what are your thoughts on a girl-on-girl experience?

I feel a sharp, wincing pain followed by a tear or two as almost jab my eye out with the mascara brush as I was not expecting a question like that. I shyly reply: Well, to tell you honestly, I've always wanted to try it because I think another woman knows where to touch you and how you like it...I mean, if I can bring myself to such waves of pleasure, I sometimes wonder if the other woman would be able to do the same or better. Don't get me wrong, I do like men but I must admit that I'm bi-curious. Why, what do you think? I ask as I pick up my make-up eraser pen and start erasing any mascara smudges I left from my attempt at removing my own eye.

She smiles sheepishly and says: I don't really know what I think...partly, I think I'm afraid to try it but I'm also intrigued and somewhat excited to try it out even if it's just once. You know how much I love you...you're my best friend and my only confidant but would you think bad of me if I told you that I find you alluring, beautiful and I'm extremely attracted to your sexy body?

Trying hard this time to hold the mascara brush steady and hide my smile as she didn't know it yet but I felt the same way about her: No, I don't think bad of you...you know me, I'm one of the most open-minded individuals you know and I don't judge other people's sexual desires or preferences. Thank-you for the compliment, I think you have a beautiful body and I don't know why you keep trying to lose weight to change it as I think you're perfect just the way you are! Let's see how tonight pans out...no pressure... if it happens, it happens but I don't want it to affect our friendship so if there's any reason it should affect our friendship, it shouldn't happen. If you decide that it won't affect our friendship and want to still go ahead with it later then just promise me one thing...you will let every inhibition go?

She nods eagerly as we finish putting our make-up on and get dressed. She puts on her black halter-neck top, revealing that lavish cleavage of hers, like forbidden fruit tempting you to pick it and take a bite of its juicy flesh. The camouflage skirt gets slipped on with a pair of stiletto's to match and my eyes pleasingly flow up and down the lengths of her shapely legs, the skirt just barely covering her tight ass and that snatch of hers as she slips on a silky black g-string. She sits on the bed and begins to brush her long, wild black hair and watches me get dressed.

I slip on a white lace g-string and my favorite pair of low-cut, tight jeans which makes me feel taller when donned with a pair of heels and compliments my small but tight ass. I put on a white push-up bra to accentuate my cleavage and drape a white wrap top around my breasts and waist; it stops just above my navel to reveal my belly-button ring which is made of platinum and tanzanite. I run the brush through my hair and grabbed a jacket as we head for the door.

We decided to try out the new club that had opened and as usual, it did not take long for interested parties to look our way or try and chat us up with those cheesy pick-up lines and drivel. Not tonight, the "Terrible Twins" had a whole new agenda on mind and the occasional sigh or yawn fended off any possible hitters. The only man that got spoken to that night was the barman who poured Tequila after Tequila followed by Bacardi Mojito's of every flavor. Our aim was not to get drunk but to just get in a nice mellow state.

Lisa turned to me and put her hand on my thigh and said: How about a Tequila body shot? Before I could answer, she was already seductively licking my cleavage to apply the salt and stuffed a wedge of lemon in my teeth. She lapped the salt up from the groove between my breasts, tilted her head back as she took the Tequila shot and came forward to bite the piece of lemon that was just protruding from my lips. Soon it became apparent that she was not after the lemon at all as she forced her tongue in my mouth and enveloped it around my tongue. I willing participated, feeling a warm sensual feeling coming over me. I kissed her back, slow, deep and passionate, wrapping my tongue around hers and exploring her mouth entirely when a loud cacophony could be heard from the men around the bar who were excited by the prospect of honeys snogging.

She stopped, pulled back and stared at my lips as she said: Oh my God, you're such a good kisser...I'm so horny now...maybe a break will cool me down...I need to go to the bathroom, are you coming?

Without a single word, I followed her to the bathroom but my mind was not on a cool-off period, oh no, I had other ideas mulling in my mind. I entered the stall with her as we usually do; it's a kind of buddy system we have to ensure that each of us was looked after at all times. I locked the door and as she turned around to lift the toilet lid I pushed her gently over that she was bending over the toilet as I grabbed her by the hips and said: Spread those legs honey...have you been a dirty girl...let's see where you're hiding that contraband... I knew this was one of her fantasy's to be sort of strip searched. I slid my hand up the inside of her right thigh while patting down her buttocks with the other hand before feeling her breasts up a bit. I slid my hand further up to her groin area and across her blossoming vulva that was just protruding from her g-string. I slid a finger underneath her g-string and rubbed her wet slit. She was wet alright and groaning softly as I slid a finger deep with in her and knowing how she liked to be teased, I abruptly pulled it out and sucked on my finger...Aaah...you're clean, no contraband here...as I pulled her g-string back in place and allowed her to use the toilet. 

She finished up and flushed the toilet with a glow about her, you know, the glow of those pheromones racing furiously in your blood and making it hard for you to breathe as your breath becomes deeper with every gasp. She was rearing to go, like a thorough-bred filly that was being broken in for the first time but this filly kicked her hooves steadfast in the ground, she was not going down without a fight and without warning pushed me up against the stall door as she kissed me with vigor and passion. She ripped my wrap top open to reveal my accentuated breasts as she fondled them, kissing and gently biting my neck as she worked her way down to my valley. She pulled my bra to once side to expose my already hard nipple and flicked over it with her tongue. I could feel my g-string becoming saturated as I got wetter with each touch. You like that? She asked and I nodded as a groan of pleasure escaped my lips.

She then, just as I did, abruptly stopped with a smile of victory on her face. Damn, I allowed her to tease me in the same way, how the hell am I going to get the upper hand here as she thought exactly as I did?

We went back to the bar, both sexually frustrated and aching for more but this was a game, possibly a game of sexual power and dominance. We ordered another round and as I lent over to pay the barman, she patted my ass and groped at my snatch. I knew the whole bar could see the events playing out before them but I was so enveloped in the strange yet exciting bi-sexual feelings I was having that I didn't pay any attention to the staring eyes or cat-calls.

I asked the DJ to play what we call a Golden-Oldie "I touch myself" and beckoned her to the dance floor. I knew it was a slow song where you could really bump 'n grind against your partner. As she stepped to dance in front of me, I turned her around, grabbed her by the hair and pulled her head back that it was resting on my shoulder. I pulled her hips hard back on to me and released my grip of her hair and started to sensually rotate my hips against her ass. Just then the song's words were playing "...when I think about you...I touch myself..." as I slid my hand down her shoulder and under her halter-neck top. I tweaked her nipple as my palm smoothed over her mound while the cat-calls and whistling relentlessly went on. I turned her around and kissed deeply. I could only hear her and my breathing, the song had faded into the background and it felt like time had stood still. I think we should take this somewhere more private...I said. She nodded in anticipation and we left for my house.

The whole way from the garage to the front door, we kissed deeply in desperation for what was to come, both of us in the heat of the moment as I fumbled for the keys to unlock the front door. As we went from the front door down the passage and to the room, we kissed unyieldingly as we felt each other up and ripped item by item of clothing off. By the time we got into the bedroom, we were both naked and exploring each fold of skin, each curve and each hidden treasure as we got on top of the bed. I whispered: Do you trust me; I promise I won't hurt you? 

She sat there in surrender and I knew without her saying so that she trusted me. I pulled a blindfold over her eyes and gently bound her wrists. I could feel she was shaking, not from fear but from excitement and anticipation as I took an ice cube and started making small rotations around her nipples. Her nipples became hard, inviting the unknown pleasure as she sighed softly. I took the ice cube away and gently blew on her hard nipples with my warm breath as she wriggled in delight. Continuing with intervals of ice cubes and gentle blowing as I moved down to her stomach, I watched as her skin became a bright pink color and contoured with goose-bumps. I slid the ice cube down further to her inner thighs, just brushing up against her slit. I could see her body begin arching as her sighs became deeper moans.
