 I've known Alice for a long time, since I was only twelve. I just turned eighteen and I started college already. I'm going to a junior college and living with my folks, to save some money and because I don't know what I want to study yet. Alice lives by herself. She is about thirty. She divorced her husband and moved into our apartment building. We liked each other right away. I found it easier to talk to her than to my mother, in fact.

Alice has long blonde hair and green eyes. She dresses very nicely but in a conservative manner. She teaches at a Christian private school so that must be why. I still ask her about makeup and clothes, what she thinks of mine. She is more like a friend than just a neighbor.

That all changed one day when she knocked on our apartment door. It was late in the afternoon but my folks had still not come home from work. "Connie," she said, her beautiful green eyes full of tears, "I am so sorry."

"What, what is it Alice?" I said pulling her into our apartment.

She held out a small box. "I opened your mail by mistake. I was sure it was the makeup I ordered from QVC. It wasn't though, and then I looked at the label and saw your name. I am so sorry."

"That's okay, Alice," I said. "No harm done. Let me see." I took the box from her and realized immediately what it was.

"When I took it out, I thought it was lipstick."

"No, it's not lipstick, silly. It's a vibrator."

She looked at me with her beautiful face one big question mark. I had ordered a mini vibrator off the web and it came with a plain label, very unsuspicious, from Blahblah Research. I had ordered from them before and never aroused any suspicions from my parents. Of course, I usually got the mail before they got home. "It's too small to be a vibrator," she said skeptically.

"No, it is a special purpose vibrator. It's not the kind you see in WalMart, for your back. It's designed just for your clit."

"Huh?"

I knew she was naïve. I also knew that she did not have a boyfriend. Neither did I and I understood her completely. It's not just the STD's; boys are flaky and stupid and they talk too much. I had never met one that impressed me for more than the space of time it took for him to open his mouth. Alice, of course, worked in that very stuffy school and she had had a bad time of it with her marriage. I had just assumed that she pleased herself as I did, even though we had never talked about it.

"Well, you have a vibrator, don't you?"

"Connie, I have no idea what you are talking about. I thought vibrators were used for massages, for atheletes."

I laughed and pulled the little gem out of the box. "You are kidding, aren't you?"

"No, I'm not. That thing is too small. See what I mean? It looks like a libstick."

"C'mon back here, to my room." I motioned for her to follow me. When I got to my room, I opened my closet and pulled out a shoe box from the bottom of the stack. I opened the lid and showed her my collection. I had the standard issue, one shaped like a cock, and a strap-on butterfly that I wore to concerts sometimes, just for fun. I reached inside and pulled out a battery. I popped it into my new mini and turned it on. "You've seen these before, right?"

"No, Connie, and I'm tired of your asking. I led a sheltered life, even after I was married. Tell me or I'll beat the crap out of you," she said, laughing and pushing me playfully.

I looked at her like a teacher would look at a student, feigning authority. "They are for pleasing yourself, for getting yourself off, for having orgasms without worrying whether or not the man is going to come before you do and leave you in the lurch, horny and frustrated."

A look of understanding dawned on her face. "Wow," she said quietly, picking up the one shaped like a man's penis, my least favorite, but okay for special occasions, like Halloween. She turned the dial and felt it hum in her hand. "Why do they need to vibrate?"

A good question, actually, and one I didn't exactly understand myself. "I don't know, Alice, but I know that it works. Put one of these babies in the right place and let it vibrate, and you will come. It's heavenly and very therapeutic." I smiled and she looked like she understood. "You just use your fingers?"

"Yeah," she said. "I didn't know there was another way. Why is this new one so small?"

"It's just for the clitoris."

"How do you use it?"

I smiled. "Well, I would show you but you might not like that."

"Connie, you've known me for a long time. We've had a lot of serious talks. Why don't you trust me now?"

"Fine," I said, sitting on my bed. I was wearing shorts and a tee shirt with no bra, just relaxing after school. I spread my legs and raised my feet up so that only the toes of my sneakers touched the floor. I put the tip of the humming vibrator, or lipstick as Alice called it, between my legs. The tip of the vibrator touched the cloth of my shorts right above my hooded clit. I jumped a little, surprised at the intensity of the vibration. It was more concentrated than any of my other vibrators. I moved it slowly down my clit until I found the exact spot that I knew very well.

I had forgotten all about Alice at that point. I closed my eyes and felt the heat sweep up from my clit, across my belly, swelling my breasts and making my nipples get really hard. She was standing there, noting all of the sensations that I was feeling, understanding very well what I was feeling, but amazed still at the speed with which I had achieved arousal. Later, when we talked about that frightening but very electric first experience, she told me how impressed she was with my understanding of my own needs and feelings.

The moisture from my cunt now made a spot on my panties and my shorts. She could see even more clearly how aroused I was. As the vibrations did their work, she saw me spread my legs even wider and then jump and howl as the first orgasm shook my body. She moved closer. "Connie, that is amazing. Did you come already?"

I opened my eyes and nodded, still throbbing from my new toy.

She reached out but pulled her hand back. "How do you know where to put it, Connie?"

I shrugged. "Just practice, I guess."

"Can you show me where to put it?"

I nodded and wholly aroused and hot, not caring about any consequences, took the edge of my shorts and panties and moved them away from my throbbing cunt. With my left hand, I spread the lips of my pussy and pulled up, exposing my little clit, dripping with excitement. With my right hand, I put the tip of the new vibrator right on my clit and moved it very slowly. That was even more delicious. As the swells of my second orgasm starting washing over me, I moved the little toy faster and faster. My cunt opened up when I came and the air rushed in to my hungry pussy. I felt so hot all over my body that I thought I had broken out into a sweat.

When I looked up, Alice had moved very close to me. She was sitting next to me peering over my raised legs, watching my juices flow. "Wow. That was fabulous, Connie." She giggled.

"What?" I said, still gasping for air as the orgrams subsided.

"Well, I was hoping you would show me where to put it on me, but thank you for showing me exactly where to stimulate you." She smiled and kissed me on the cheek.

I laughed too. "Well, I'd be happy to show you Alice." I turned off the new little vibrator.

She smiled again and stood up slightly, pulling her shorts and panties right off and letting them drop to the floor. She was wearing a tee shirt with no bra and I could see her nipples getting really hard. I knew that she was very full breasted, maybe a 38D or more, but I had no idea her nipples were so large. She must have been really excited because they poked at the soft material of her tee shirt like two hard knobs. She spread her legs and raised her feet so that the toes of her sneakers rested on the floor.

"You know, I always wondered if you were a real blonde, Alice, or if you had a really good hairdresser. Now I know for sure that you are the genuine article."

She smiled and spread her legs wider. "Is this what you need for me to do?" She looked so innocent, even though she was more than ten years older than I was. I didn't think about her age, though. I considered her my junior in the realm of vibrators. As she spread her legs, I could see her folds had already enlarged and she was wet.

"That's nice," I said, smiling at her large labia, "I mean, that's what you need to do. Right." I cleared my throat. I felt really excited for some reason, more than I ever felt by myself or with a boy. I realized that her smell, the aroma of her open sex was having a direct effect on my body. I could feel my breasts swelling and my sex, already wet, getting even wetter, come running down my white thighs as I knelt in front of Alice's open cunt. I put the little vibrator in my mouth and sucked my juices off, moistening the tip and heating it with my mouth. She smiled at me as I turned it on.

I put the tip at the top of her bush. She didn't have a big bush and it was very light. I wanted her to get used the strong vibrations. I didn't want her to freak out. I moved it slowly down to where the hood covering her clitoris started. When I reached the top of her wet folds she closed her eyes and moaned. I don't think she realized that she was groaning and spreading her legs even wider. She reached out and held on to her knees so that she could be as open as possible. I moved it slowly down to the end of the hood, where the inner labia start to make the top of her wings.

Her moaning grew even louder. She was feeling the vibrations strongly now on her clit. I looked up at her beatific face. She was licking her lips. When I pushed the tip under her hooded clit and started stimulating it directly, she fell back on the bed, opening herself even more to me. I moved it up and down, circling her clit and then honing in on the hottest spot. She shook and quivered and even yelled out so loud that I was afraid the neighbors would hear and call the cops. She was a screamer.

Her come was copious. She was so wet that she had already formed a puddle on my bed. I didn't mind. I turned off the vibrator, knowing that her clit was probably way too sensitive after just coming. I wanted to reassure her, caress her, take the sting out of her grinding orgasm. I leaned forward and licked her cunt softly with my tongue flat, moving it from the bottom of her cunt all the way to the top.

"Oh, baby," she said, very uncharacteristically. She looked down at me in surprise.

"I'm sorry, Alice," I said, leaning back. "I don't know what came over me. You just looked so beautiful when you came."

"No, no," she said leaning forward and putting both hands in my hair. "I love it. Please." Her eyes pleaded. She couldn't bring herself to ask me to continue licking her cunt, but her eyes couldn't be more direct in her request.

"I've never done this before," I told her, but she pulled my head toward her hot cunt, her eyes begging me. Her fragrance beckoned me and I opened my mouth as I moved toward her blonde pussy. My tongue found her clit. I tried to imagine what I would like for her to do to me. With the tip of my tongue hard and pointed I jiggled it back and forth over her slick clit. Then I sucked all of what I could of her large lips into my mouth, sucking hard and licking at the same time. She screamed again and held my face tight against her hot juicy cunt. I didn't mind. I buried my tongue as deep as it would go, searching for her g spot. She pushed against me with her hips so hard that I could barely breathe. I started moving my tongue in and out of her cunt as fast as I could and I could taste her flowing juices. Her vagina opened up as she came again and her hands released their hold on my hair.

I pulled a gulp of air into my lungs. She had clasped her legs together as if she wanted to hold on to the sensation of my face between her legs sucking her juices out of her steaming cunt. God, I was excited. I pushed her legs down and climbed on top of her. I kissed her forehead, her neck and her ears. She searched for my mouth with her own and groaned when our lips connected. Our tongues darted out, competing to see which could go deeper into the other's mouth. Her come was all around my mouth but she seemed to savor the taste of her own juices mixed with my tongue and lips.

I put either hand beside her and pushed up, looking down at her with a stern face. "Now it's time for the student to take a test."

"Why, what do you mean, teacher," Alice said in her mock student's voice.

I pulled my tee shirt over my head, exposing my small but perky breasts, my nipples standing hard and impertinent, like a challenge. I hopped up on my bed, my sneakers still on, laying my head on my pillows. As I slowly spread my legs, exposing my dark bush, thicker than hers but neatly trimmed for a bikini, I said, "Now, Alice, you find MY clit." I pointed at the little vibrator.

"With pleasure, teacher dearest," she said, smiling and pulling her tee shirt off.

"Wow," I said with an open mouth, "you have great breasts. All I can say is your husband must have been one dumb fuck."

"He wasn't much of a fuck at all," Alice replied, putting her palms under her full breasts and pushing them up so high that she could lick both of her hard nipples. "You turn me on much more than he EVER did," she said, reaching for the vibrator.

Watching her lick her hard nipples made me wetter than ever. I raised my knees higher and opened my legs. I reached down and with my index fingers, pulled the top of my inner labia up, exposing my clit. It protruded, open and exposed and vulnerable, waiting for Alice to jazz it with my new toy. She leaned down. She put her mouth close to my cunt and breathed her warm breath with a focused blast right on my tender clit. "Oh, Alice," I gasped. "That feels so good." She smiled and brought the little vibrator close. She put its tip right on my engorged clitoris, moving it slowly first clockwise, then counter clockwise.

As her motions increased, I felt the wave of the first orgasm wash over me. I lost all sense of time and space and I slowly realized that the orgasm wasn't stopping. As long as she kept moving the device over my swollen organ, I continued to throb and pulse and drip come. Finally I begged her to stop. "On one condition," she said with an evil grin, her mouth close to my overwrought pussy.

"What? Anything."

"Do me next."

"Sure. You bet."

"I want the one that looks like a dick."

"You got it." I couldn't believe my staid neighbor was acting so wild. But I should have known. Preacher's daughter. It's those stuffy ones that go wild when they finally break out. She had been in such a lonely dry place for so long that she was going to get whatever she could. And I was going to help her. She turned off the little vibrator and started to lie on her back. "No, get on your hands and knees," I instructed her as I got up to fetch the cock dildo from my shoebox. I loved telling her what to do. And she was such a willing slave.

As an afterthought I brought the box with all my toys to the bed. She turned to look at what I was doing. I put the vibrator shaped like a man's penis in my mouth to warm it up. She smiled at me. "You don't need to make it wet because I already am very. Wet." She reached between her spread legs and moved her fingers in her open cunt. On her hands and knees her ass and cunt were completely open and exposed to me. She was completely vulnerable to my attentions.

I touched her already soft open cunt with just the tip of the cock head. I haven't seen that many dicks but I think my dildo is above average size. It's about seven inches long and about an inch and a half wide. I think most men would be happy to have a tool like that. Anyway, it fills me up so much that it is almost uncomfortable. As I said, I have to be in a special mood. Alice wiggled her butt a little as if begging me to insert the dildo. "What is it, dear?" I asked, still getting off on my older neighbor depending on me so wholly (pardon the pun).

"C'mon, Connie, stop fooling around. Fuck me with the dildo."

"Please?"

"Please," she groaned and wiggled her ass some more. She even opened her cunt lips with her hand and pushed her butt up in the air to open herself. "Please, Connie, pretty Connie, pretty please, fuck me, please." She tossed her long blonde hair.

I slipped the end of the cock in her wet cunt. She gasped and moved her hand. I let it slide deeper and deeper into her cunt until I had barely enough to hold on to. I started moving it in and out slowly and her groaning grew louder and louder. I pulled it all the way out and let the tip rest on her throbbing clit until she looked around at me, her eyes asking, begging, but her mouth without words. I turned on the graduated vibration control until it was all the way up. She closed her eyes as the vibrations warmed up her clit. I pushed it all the way in and then pumped her cunt with the big dildo. She didn't seem to have any problem with taking its full girth and length. I twisted it a little and increased the rhythm until her cries filled the room and made me wonder about the neighbors again. I stopped the pumping and angled the throbbing dildo against the front wall of her vagina. I held it there and slapped each cheek of her butt soundly. She laughed so I spanked her until both her white cheeks had turned pink.

"Oh, sweetie, that feels so good. Put your finger in my ass."

I put my index finger in my mouth and then slid it slowly into her pucker and I started moving the dildo again. She exploded and bucked and screamed so hard that I was afraid that I wouldn't be able to hold on. "Oh, God, Connie, you make me come so hard," she gasped, after she collapsed on the bed.

"You're a quick learner, Alice," I said, smiling. I snuggled up beside her. Our nipples, still hard, brushed against each other and sent another tingle through my cunt. She turned to me and we kissed again, this time with a deep knowledge of each other's most secret thoughts and feelings. Our tongues touched softly, moving in and out of each other's mouths in a delicate minuet.

She pulled back and looked deeply in my eyes. "I have a confession to make."

"What?" I asked innocently.

"I have been wanting to seduce you for months now, ever since you were seventeen, actually."

"So what took you so long," I said, as I reached for her to kiss her and to ... well, that's another story.