 Cabernet Sauvignon, pasta fagioli soup, melt in your mouth Italian bread....the meal Celia created was amazing, but my palate was yearning for so much more. She awakened my taste buds with the passion she poured into every part of this amazing dinner. As I tried to slip slowly on my wine, I watched intently as she worked in the kitchen dicing tomatoes, measuring broth, chopping parsley...every detail was so important to her. We discussed many things while she cooked...kids, music, food....but I felt like an imposter into her world of cooking because of the love she had for it. In was a huge turn on...the way she bit her bottom lip occasionally while thinking about every ingredient she needed to make the soup perfect. I am actually glad she didn't look up from her tasks too much because her blue eyes just sent an amazing ache into me every time, and I would have to catch my breath. All I kept thinking about was what I wanted to do to her later....how I wanted to show her the passion I had for her...how her love for cooking just made me want to please her in every possible way.

After dinner I helped her clean up the kitchen, and I could feel the sexual vibes radiating off of her...or was that just me? Whatever scent she was wearing was driving me crazy...she smelled so sweet and clean. I reached for a plate she had washed so I could dry it, and my arm brushed against hers. The electricity in that subtle touch was enough for both of us to pause for just a moment and look at each other. I couldn't stand it anymore, and I had a feeling she couldn't either. I stopped and ran my finger lightly down her arm, and her blue eyes looked into mine. She let go of the dish she was washing, and I handed her my towel. She wiped the sudsy water off her hands and turned to me. 

Her eyes penetrated me with desire, and I could feel every part of my body flush with anticipation. I pushed a stray hair out of her eyes, tucked it behind her ear and slowly grabbed her earlobe between my lips...all in one motion. I felt her gasp and reach for my hips. I slowly nibbled on her ear, moved down to her neck, and then stopped. I looked into her gorgeous blue eyes and could tell she was begging. No words were exchanged...none had to be. I cupped her face into my hands and kissed her lightly on her soft, succulent lips. I was so eager to have this Aphrodite all to myself, but I knew that I had to keep building the intensity in order for it to be the most amazing sex she had ever had. I kissed her again, and then I felt her tongue slip into my mouth and mine into hers. For a few seconds we explored each other's mouths with just our tongues as the guides. I moved my hands down to her hips and pulled away slowly. She opened her eyes and looked so hurt. I grinned and all the tension relaxed in her back...I could feel it just from the grip I had on her hips. 

I pushed her against the cabinet and kissed her hard this time....her mouth was so warm and inviting. I ran my fingers through her hair and kept kissing her with all the desire I had built up in me. I couldn't stop. I didn't want to stop. She was hypnotizing me, and I couldn't hold back any longer. I moved slowly downward kissing her neck and chest...I could feel her breathing harder as I moved down her body. But I wasn't ready for her to feel it all just yet. I thought I was going to explode, but I had to keep building that intensity for her. I moved back to her amazing mouth and kissed her again, and she was pulling me into her so forcefully that it was hard to keep my composure. I wanted this all to be about her...pleasing her in every possible way.  

My fingers started unbuttoning her shirt...one by one while still kissing her until her entire body was exposed. I was so wet right now just from the kissing, so I knew she was as well. I reached around and sucked on her ear for just a moment and then my mouth made its journey down her neck, her chest and then to her breasts. My lips could feel her heart beating so fast, and she was starting to moan a little. I pulled back her bra and circled her nipple with my tongue. It was so hard, so I started flicking it with my tongue and her moans became a little louder. I place both my hands underneath her bra and played with her nipples as I slowly dropped to my knees while licking her belly all the way down. She couldn't hide anymore because her body language was speaking volumes to me, begging me to make her cum. I unbuttoned her jeans and pulled them and her black, lacy panties down to her ankles and slowly slipped them off of her. Ever so gently I spread her legs apart and lightly licked and kissed her thighs, the top of her pubic bone...teasing her. I could feel her shaking and smell the sweetness between her legs. My tongue finally hit her clit, and she let out a load moan and grabbed my hair. I slowly lick her erect clit and then started to move quicker...I wanted her to cum and she was on the edge. I slid my tongue inside her and the taste was heavenly. I had never tasted such sweetness in all my life. She was ready. 

In a quick motion I slid two fingers inside her and moved my tongue back to her clit. Licking it. Sucking it. My fingers were massaging her g-spot hurriedly. I could feel her legs were getting weak so I moved faster. Finally, she grabbed the cabinet with both of her hands in order not to allow her legs to fail her now. She was breathing so hard and moaning and then she let out a erotic whimper, and my fingers felt the contraction of her orgasm. I stood back up, pulled her to me and just held her tightly in my arms for a moment until she gathered her strength. After a few moments, she slightly pulled away from me with our arms still wrapped tightly around one another. When she looked at me, her eyes were such a bright blue...brighter than they had been before. She grinned while we still held each other and said, "Now, it's my turn."