 Many thanks to my editor TinCup6074 for his helpful comments and diligent editing. This story can be enjoyed by itself although it is the conclusion of Nurse Callaway Succumbs so it may be more enjoyable read as such.

*

It was 3 weeks before Jackie's plan began to move forward. She had been checking the nursing schedule every week and was acutely aware that she had become obsessed. She didn't care. She was going to make damned sure that she didn't miss her opportunity.

Since Jackie had started at Banner Hospital, her name regularly appeared on the list of nurses who were willing to pick up extra shifts around the hospital. Graduating from the from the nursing program at Boise State University the previous May, she wanted to pay off the student loans she had taken out as soon as possible. The scheduling nurse knew that Jackie could be called on to fill most any open shift on the med-surg floor. She had also picked up shifts in the O.R. and E.R. Ob/Gyn was the one place where she refused to work. Jackie wanted nothing to do with women in labor or babies.

Katie Callaway only signed up to cover shifts every so often and as soon as Jackie saw her name on the list her heart leapt. When she studied the list closer she noticed that Katie had volunteered for both day and night shifts. This was certainly good news.

When the new schedule was posted Jackie scanned it hoping to see Katie's name. She was thrilled to see that Katie was finally assigned to a night shift "No fucking way?!?" Jackie thought. She couldn't believe her luck.

The following week Katie was assigned to a night shift in the E.R. The second nurse on duty that night was one of Jackie's friends. Well, "friend" may be too strong of a word. Lee Ann was definitely more than an acquaintance. but she and Jackie didn't really pal around after work or anything. What it boiled down to was the Lee Ann was someone Jackie could convince to give up the shift. What made it perfect was that Katie was scheduled on a Sunday night, the slowest night in the hospital.

Jackie ran to catch up with Lee Ann, "Hey! Wait up!"

Lee Ann turned around, "Hey Jackie. How's it going?"

They walked together, talking. Jackie asked about Lee Ann's kids and Lee Ann asked how work was going. Finally, when they had caught up on recent events Jackie brought up the real reason for the visit.

"The real reason I came down here is to ask you favor."

Lee Ann elbowed her in the arm, "Oooh. I see how it is. You didn't just come down to say hi, huh?"

"Come on, you know I love you," Jackie teased back. "My bed is a piece of shit. I have found a new one that I really like," she lied easily. She didn't feel bad or give it a second thought. There was something she wanted and lying would make it easier to get it. End of story. Jackie never pondered things such as morality, but if she did she would have argued that she was free to do as she wished and anyone who didn't like it could fuck off and die (her most favorite saying).

"I am having RC Wiley deliver it tomorrow, but that means I will have to make a smaller payment on my loans next month and I would rather not do that if I don't have to." That part was true at least. "I was kind of hoping you would be willing to take a little vacation? Maybe a couple of days? You would really be helping me out Lee Ann," she rushed on, making her case. "I saw on the schedule that you are on Sunday and Monday the 12th and 13th. I would be glad to work that Sunday. That would give you a three day weekend. If you wanted I could work Monday too. That would mean four days off! What do you say?"

Jackie was like a hawk. She moved in closer with each sentence. She had learned the art of peer pressure long ago, and now she worked her magic on Lee Ann Prote knowing she could get her to give up the Sunday quite easily. She didn't really want to work Monday but she thought it made her sound more convincing. She knew that if her plan worked it would be worth it. If the scene unfolded like it had inside her head over the past 3 weeks she would have worked an extra week, hell, maybe even a month. That blonde bitch would be all hers.

"Mm-hm," she said, waving her head side to side unconsciously.

"Dreaming of what you would do with four days off?" Lee Ann was looking at her with an amused grin.

Jackie chuckled, "You caught me." She backed up a bit and asked her coworker, "So what do you think? Can I work your Sunday shift?"

"Can I get back to you tomorrow?" Lee Ann asked.

"Oh yeah," Jackie answered. "That's fine."

"I will talk to Richard tonight and find out what he has going on next weekend. If that would make a hole in the budget he might not agree. I'm sure it won't matter but he does all of the major bills and he knows where we are at financially a lot more than I do. I will talk to him and text you tomorrow to let you know. If he doesn't have anything going on maybe we will drive up to Idaho and stay the weekend at my mom's."

"Thank you! Really, I mean it!" Jackie leaned in and gave Lee Ann a quick hug. At five-foot-nothing Jackie was dwarfed by Lee Ann who was five-foot-ten.

Lee Ann's tit was not far from Jackie's face and she suddenly pictured herself tonguing Lee Ann's nipple. She had never been attracted to Lee Ann who was nearing forty and extremely overweight but having her big titties in her face had sparked her imagination. It wasn't hard to do.

She must have had a strange expression on her face because Lee Ann asked, "What are you thinking about?"

Jackie had to suppress the urge to tell her the truth. She imagined the shocked look and gasp that Lee Ann would produce if she were to say, "Sucking on those big titties of yours." She was wearing a big smile by then.

"What?" Lee Ann asked in a confused tone.

"Oh, nothing. I was just thinking about something that I heard on TV this morning. Did you know that in the 1830's ketchup was sold as medicine?"

"Jackie, sometimes I wonder about you!" Lee Ann said, shaking her head.

Jackie thought, "If you only knew." Aloud she said, "Let me know about the weekend as soon as you have an answer. Have a good day."

"Thanks, lady. You too," Lee Ann said to Jackie's back. Jackie was already headed down the hall. She was off of work now and she had a hankering for Thai food.

It was a day and a half before Jackie heard from Lee Ann. She had gnawed her fingernails down to stubs. She kept thinking, "If she says no, I swear to God I am going to go down there to the E.R. and punch her in the face."

Many of Jackie's friends had to face this side of her personality sooner or later. It didn't take them long to find out that she was completely self-absorbed. When she didn't get her way she could become aggressive; if she felt the least bit of resistance standing in her way she would become obnoxious and eventually violent.

One of Jackie's favorite past times involved humiliating men in a very specific way. Most Friday nights she could be found at one of four different bars in Boise. She would don one of her sexiest outfits, her favorite being black leather. For Jackie this screamed dark sensual thoughts. She would pull on her skin tight black leather pants, sans underwear. Jackie didn't need all that frilly shit. In her opinion anything with lace should be tossed in the dumpster. Well, not exactly. If she pulled the pants off a woman to find silky, lacy panties she was apt to cream right there. On a lover it was sexy; in her own wardrobe it was unacceptable.

Over her black leather pants she would wear a belt usually one with large interlooping metal hoops. She had several tops that she wore on those Friday nights. The most recent addition had become her favorite. She had bought it online in the "street lingerie" section of a sexy clothing website.

It was a red, strapless corset with a black Japanese-style print; black branches with slender leaves. There were black smudges down the front where it came together with hook and eye closures and in random spots close to the edges. The back was laced with black ribbons. It had taken her an hour to get it laced up right the first time she wore it. She had no one to cinch her in so she had had to get the back laced just right and then she hooked it around the front. It had been a serious pain in the ass but when she stood in front of the full length mirror in her spare room, where she kept all of her "going out" clothes, she knew the time it had taken had been worth it. She had looked absolute stunning even without makeup.

Jackie knew she was beautiful. She could have gone out without putting on makeup and with her hair in total disarray, as it had been when she had looked in the mirror, and still have picked up most of the singles and half of the not-so-singles. She hardly wore more than eyeliner to work and she was ogled there at least a hundred times a shift. Sometimes it was exhausting. But most the time it made her feel powerful, like all the world was waiting to be used.

On those Friday nights when she made her way down to the bar she would sip Scotch on the rocks and dance until she felt like collapsing. She would generally choose one or two guys out of the vast crowd to draw into her web. The ones with too-gorgeous smiles or those that walked around like their shit didn't stink. She would begin with a shy smile and a flutter of eyelashes. After a bit she would dance into their line of sight and then remain there making direct eye contact while she moved her body to the sound of the music. She would run her hands over her slight curves and then close her eyes and put her head back keeping time with her hips. After several minutes of this she would turn and dance her way into the crowd. Most times this was all it took. The guy would search her out and invite themselves to rub up against her body. She would play the part all night; dancing dirty, whispering in his ear, hanging on his every word.

As the night grew late she would begin to relish his demise. For Jackie it had become a ritual. She would lean in and kiss the unknowing schmuck. It was always a gentle kiss, the sultry kind that meant sex was in the immediate future. Then she would reach down and grab a handful of cock. No matter what she found there her response was always the same.

She would back up and give him a reproachful look and then she would shout at the top of her lungs, "You call that a dick?!?" With that she would scoff, turn around and stride from the bar leaving the unlucky man and those in close proximity to him to stare after her.

Lee Ann texted her on Tuesday morning as Jackie arrived at the gym, "Sun is urs. Mon 2 if u want it."

Jackie replied, "Nah keep Mon...I owe you!"

She was ecstatic. She had Katie in her cross hairs. Jackie skipped into the gym, happier than she had been in a very long time.

When Sunday finally rolled around Jackie was a bundle of nerves. She couldn't remember the last time she had felt like this. She wondered if she had ever been this nervous. "Pull yourself together and stop being such a fucking pussy!" she told herself in a stern voice.

She laced up her black bustier, she had never thought she would be wearing this thing to work, and then pulled on a black scrub top. It had a mock wrap look with edges that were trimmed in hot pink. She rummaged in the drawer and finally found the hot pink scrub bottoms that she rarely wore. This was a very special occasion and she was determined to dress for it.

Her little pep talk had worked. She was not a pussy and she was not going to act like one. Jackie didn't care if she ended up getting caught carrying out her plan—making her mind up to that had taken care of most of the nerves—she wanted this more than she had ever wanted anything. Katie Callaway would never know what hit her.

Her shift crept along at a snail's pace. Jackie would look up at the clock to see that only 10 minutes had passed when she was sure it had been at least 30. When she was certain she would go crazy waiting for her chance to approach Katie she decided to organize the supply closet. She was trying to avoid her prey as much as possible. She was afraid that Katie would see the hunger in her eyes or feel the power of Jackie's lust if she spent more than a few minutes in her presence.

Time seemed to speed up considerably when she had gone to work putting things into their proper place and finally 4 a.m. had arrived. The E.R. was as quiet as ever and Jackie watched as Katie typed something into the computer. If she was going to take her break now would be the time. Jackie was pretending to look for something in a supply cabinet when she realized she should probably get the audio ready for her confrontation with Katie.

"Hey Steph, I am going to grab some coffee. I will be back in a bit," Jackie heard Katie tell the ward clerk.

Jackie watched Katie head toward the break room and followed her.

"I would have never taken you for such a slut Katie," Jackie said quietly from just inside the doorway.

Katie turned around. "What?" she asked with a look of complete surprise on her face.

Jackie smiled. This was going to be so much fun. "You heard me," she said, stepping from the shadows.

"What I meant to say was, what are you talking about?" Katie said, narrowing her eyes.

"Oh come on Katie, don't play dumb. It really doesn't suit you. You are a slut and we both know it. What I want to know is what you are willing to do to keep this information quiet," Jackie spoke with a firm tone. She did not want Katie to have any doubt that she meant business.

Jackie may have been a small woman but at that moment she was commanding all of Katie's attention.

"What in the fuck? What does she know?" Katie's head spun with all of her most recent sexual encounters before settling on Walt. It had been Jackie that had come into Walt's room as she had been dressing. "Oh my god! Did she hear us?"

Katie tried to sound confident, "What information? I can't think of what you would be talking about."

Jackie smiled, "So that's how this is going to go, huh? Okay, Katie, we'll play it your way." Her tone had become patronizing and she began to look for something on her phone.

Katie's heart sank, "She has evidence. Oh Jesus, I am going to lose my job."

Jackie found the sound file quickly but acted like she was still looking for it for a few seconds longer, hoping that it was having the effect on Katie that she wanted it to. Finally she played the file.

There was rustling and inaudible murmuring and then something that could have been moans. Then Katie heard her own voice,

"Dammit, Walt! Fuck me!"

Jackie felt a wave of triumph as all of the color drained out of Katie's face. Jackie had listened to this recording at least a hundred times and that part never failed to get a rise out of her. This time was no different except standing here looking at Katie it wasn't lust she felt, it was victory. The file continued to play. There was more muffled rustling and a long silence when Katie's moans filled the speaker. Jackie turned it up and rewound it a bit.

"This part is good," she said, looking at Katie and smiling.

"Uh! Ah... Oh, God, that's good!"

Katie was horrified to feel butterflies tickle her stomach. "Am I honestly getting tuned on at a time like this!? Fuck!" She tried to break the silence as the file played on. "Jackie—" Jackie put up her hand, "Here it comes."

"Ah. Ah. Ah." Katie's moans filled the tiny room.

"She's actually blushing!" Jackie noticed with glee.

"Shut it off," Katie said softly. "Please. Just turn it off," she turned from Jackie and rested her elbows on the counter. She swore under her breath and lowered her head onto her arms. "Why did I let him talk me into that?"

"Aw, come on Katie-girl, it's not that bad," Jackie said. Consciously using the words she had heard that old fuck use to try and calm Katie down on the day she was cursing. Katie sunk lower into her arms, "Jackie had been there the whole time."

"I guess now you believe me, huh?" Jackie asked cheerfully as she stopped the playback and pocketed her phone in the front of her scrubs.

She waited. She knew Katie was probably berating herself for being such a fucking idiot. "Good, she should feel bad. How dumb could she have been?"

Katie kept her head buried as she asked, "What do you want Jackie?"

"It fairly simple really. I want you," Jackie stated matter-of-factly

Katie stood up. "What are you talking about?" she asked with a growing sense of dread.

"There you go, playing dumb again," Jackie sighed. "I am sure you know I am a dyke. I like chicks. Everyone in the hospital knows this. I haven't really tried to hide it and this place is a total fucking rumor mill so I am sure you have heard." Jackie shifted her weight. "We both know it's not like I go around wearing a rainbow on my arm or anything so I am not sure where it started. I don't really mind. I am not ashamed of it. I have fantasized about licking your box since our first or second shift together. Now I can and believe you me I cannot fucking wait!" Jackie moved toward Katie.

Katie shrunk back into the counter

"You can't be serious! I don't like girls, Jackie! That should be pretty obvious. There's got to be something else you want," Katie was stunned. There was no way she was letting this bitch anywhere near her body. She would fucking quit before that happened.

Jackie moved closer still. Smiling a knowing smile she said, "Look, if you want everybody to know that you fucked a patient during your shift that's fine-and-dandy with me. I don't really give a shit. It would be just as fun to email this file to every person working at this hospital and to give a copy directly to the Director of Nurses. As a 'stellar nurse' here at Banner I am sure it would be taken in all seriousness. In the interest of the patients and all." Sarcasm dripped from the end of her last sentence. Katie felt sick.

"It's up to you Katie. Your choice. Everyone knows what you did or I make your pussy my play thing for an hour or two. You choose," Jackie was on a roll. There was nothing better than blackmail. She was euphoric. Her prey was caught and it felt fantastic!

"You fucking bitch," Katie whispered. "You can go fuck yourself!" She moved to leave the break room and Jackie grabbed her arm. She yanked it free. "Get the fuck off me!" her eyes flashed anger, but Jackie knew it for what it was, fear. Katie had been caught and she didn't like it one bit.

"Listen up girlie. You will meet me in the lounge on the 2nd floor right after our shift is over today. I will be there at 7:30. If you are not there by, say, 7:45 I will send this to every single fucking person that works at this hospital. That's right, every email. I am talking maids, janitors, even the people that work in the fucking cafeteria are going to hear you begging that old fart to fuck you," she spoke in a deliberate even tone. "Like I said Katie, you choose." She turned around and left the break room. She felt like jumping up and down. She wanted to run down the hall whooping and yelling "I did it! I fucking did it!"

Instead she walked calmly to the nurse's station, logged onto InSync and began to chart her movements for the last couple of hours.

When 6:30 finally rolled around Jackie was strung as high as a kite. She had played out how things had gone with Katie for the first hour and then plotted what she was going to do in the lounge for the last two. She knew how it was going to go—provided Katie showed up—and she was so horny she could hardly keep her hands out of her pants. In the last hour she had talked herself out of going into the bathroom and masturbating twice. She wanted to be frustrated when she got to the lounge. She wanted to take it out on Katie. Jackie was not a patient person and she hoped that Katie didn't make this harder than it had to be.
