 Jackie sat up in bed, sweaty and frustrated, and looked at the clock. It was 1:00 a.m., and she could not get to sleep. She looked over at Josh, snoring peacefully next to her, and had to resist the incredible urge to hit him with a pillow and make him wake up and fuck her. She'd been lying there masturbating for about ten minutes, hoping he'd wake up and get the hint, but either he was pretending to be asleep or he really was completely out. She suspected the former.

Giving up, she got out of bed and walked naked into the bathroom, where she considered taking a cold shower in the hopes it would help her sleep better...or at least not be so damn horny anymore. Her relationship with Josh had been very strained lately, especially since it seemed he'd totally lost interest in her sexually. He'd been spending more and more hours at the office, calling her with lame excuses for why he was working late. Anytime she tried to talk to him about it, he found a way to back out or change the subject. Meanwhile, not only was she becoming certain the relationship was on its last legs; she was horny as hell with no relief in sight.

As she looked at herself in the bathroom mirror, she found herself getting more and more angry at Josh. She was a very attractive woman: 25 years old, with a firm body toned from long hours at the gym. Her hazel eyes were clear and bright, and her shoulder length brown hair was streaked with natural highlights from the sun. She put her hands under her small, firm breasts and squeezed them, running her thumbs over her nipples, then shivered as they became erect. She ran her eyes down her body to her nicely trimmed pussy, admiring the perfect triangle between her legs. Her hands traveled lower, and she spread her pussy lips open and slowly slid a finger between them and rubbed her clit lightly. She moaned and arched her back as she rubbed faster, then abruptly made a decision: if Josh wouldn't help her relieve some of her sexual tension, she was going to find someone who would.

After dressing in a loose cotton skirt and t-shirt, she quietly left the house and got in her car, pausing to see if any lights in the house would turn on. When nothing happened, she started the car and left, heading for a porn theater on the outskirts of town. She could feel herself tensing with excitement and arousal at the possibilities that lay ahead.

When she arrived at the theater, she noticed there were not many cars there. She took a deep breath, then walked to the door and went in.

"Well, hi there," the clerk said, flashing her a smile. "Can I help you with something tonight?"

She smiled back at him. "I certainly hope so. Got any good movies playing?"

"Oh, sure. Depends on what you're interested in," he said with a sly wink.

She laughed and walked closer to him. "I'm interested in getting off, honey. I'm so horny I could fuck a goat right now."

The clerk laughed. "Well, we don't have any of THOSE movies playing tonight, but I'm sure you'll find something you like. Just pay your six dollars and help yourself. We've got three theaters to choose from."

She paid her money, then walked toward the back where the theater doors were. She could hear enticing sounds coming from each one, so she picked a door at random and went in. It took her a minute to get her eyes adjusted to the darkness, then she found a seat toward the back and sat down to watch the show. It was already in full swing, and there were several people involved in what looked like a group orgy. She watched for a minute, then got up to check out one of the other theaters.

The second one she walked into had a few more people in it, so she sat down in a seat next to the wall near the middle of the room. On the screen was a woman sitting on a couch while another woman knelt in front of her on all fours, licking her pussy while a large black man fucked her from behind. Jackie felt herself immediately begin to get wet, so she leaned back to watch more closely. 

The camera angle was very good, showing close-ups of the woman licking the other woman's pussy. Jackie pulled her skirt up and slid her hand into her underwear to stroke her own wet pussy, spreading her legs apart and putting her feet on the back of the seat in front of her so she could spread her knees and have better access. Her clit was throbbing and swollen, and she found she could easily slide her fingers in and out of her wet hole.

"Ahh, fuck," she moaned, watching as the camera showed a close-up of the woman's tongue flicking the other woman's clit. With a jolt, she realized that someone was sitting in the seat next to her and was sliding a hand up under her skirt. Before she could react, the other hand slid into her underwear and began fondling her, spreading her pussy lips apart and rubbing her clit. 

It felt so good that Jackie just sat there for a minute, enjoying the sensation of someone else's fingers in her most intimate places. She closed her eyes, not even sparing the person next to her a glance as she was lost in the sensation of someone else doing what she'd been doing on her own.

The fingers withdrew, causing Jackie to whimper in protest, but then the other person got down in front of her, under her skirt, and slid her underwear down and off. Jackie moaned as the hands spread her pussy lips open and exposed her hot clit to the cool air. Quivering with anticipation, she nearly jumped out of her skin when she felt the tip of a tongue stroke her clit. It was sheer heaven, the tongue working her throbbing clit back and forth, touching no other part of her body. She reached down and held the person's head in her hands through the material of her skirt, trying to force the mouth harder into her, but the head resisted and stopped licking. Once she let go, the tongue was back, this time licking in long hard strokes from the base of her clit to the top, not stopping in spite of the way Jackie wiggled and thrust her hips. 

Just when Jackie thought she was going to explode, the tongue withdrew again and she could feel a wet finger on her clit, flicking it back and forth. She was about to weep in frustration when she felt the tongue slide inside her, moving all around the walls of her pussy for a long taste before starting to thrust in and out as her clit was moved back and forth. 

"Oh, god yes, fuck me with your tongue," she moaned, oblivious to the other people in the theater. Her entire world was centered on the tongue and fingers between her legs, and she couldn't have cared less that others were watching. She had just enough presence of mind to realize that the person tongue fucking her had yet to make a sound, then she came suddenly and violently, her entire body twitching and throbbing as she exploded.

Drenched in sweat, feeling her wetness dribble down onto the seat, she pulled her skirt up and over the head of the person kneeling in front of her. A pair of very blue eyes gleamed up at her, and she gasped as she realized her anonymous lover was a woman.

"You...I...uh," Jackie stammered, shocked and thrilled at the same time.

The woman smiled gently and laughed, then stood up and moved to the seat next to Jackie.

"Surprised, I take it?" she asked, taking Jackie's hand and stroking it.

"To say the least. I had no idea a woman was doing all that to me," Jackie replied.

"Well, when I saw how you were getting off on watching the woman on screen get her pussy eaten, I thought you might not mind too much. By the way, my name is Nikki."

"Well, I'm very pleased to meet you, Nikki...VERY pleased," Jackie said, smiling.

"This is your first time with a woman, then?" Nikki asked, still stroking Jackie's hand and arm.

"Yes, but I can promise you it won't be my last."

After exchanging phone numbers and promising to get together again soon, Jackie walked to her car with a huge smile on her face. As she drove off, she saw Nikki waving something at her from the front of the theater and blowing her a kiss. It wasn't until she was almost home that she realized Nikki had been waving to her with the pair of underwear she'd left in the theater.