 The following day, things took a surprising turn - a significant understatement! I received a short message in the afternoon from Jan saying that she would be late coming home because she and Marianne were going to get together to talk after fixing up their rooms. School was to start the next day after summer vacation, so they had no classes yet. Needless to say, that piqued my imagination and I couldn't help but assume that the conversation would be about last Saturday night. Consequently, I was on the traditional "pins and needles" as I waited for her to come home. She was, in fact, quite late when I heard her pull into the garage.

She had the most peculiar look on her face as she came in and I don't really know how to describe it. I had expected her usual smile combined with a "wait until you hear what she said" enigmatic expression. Instead, there was an element of foreboding or apprehension that made me immediately fear that something was wrong - or, at least, she thought there was. I'd seen something like that expression before when she had done something that she thought I wouldn't like. That look prepared me for the unexpected. "What is it, honey? Is there something wrong?"

"I don't know. Something totally unexpected happened and...and...it's hard to talk about." We sat down on the couch and, frankly, I was quite concerned because I don't think that I had ever seen Jan so hesitant, so reluctant to talk. "I'll start at the beginning. Marianne and I had lunch and I could tell that she wanted to say something but just couldn't do it. Finally, just before the usual 'welcome back' meeting started in the afternoon, she blurted out that she really needed to talk to me in private and asked if I had to go home right after it ended. I, of course, said no and she asked me to stop at their house for a short time. Bryan is working at an out of town job and we would be alone. I, of course, said yes and, naturally, I was plagued with curiosity, and somewhat nervous, about she wanted to tell me. Here is the way she described their conversation - and other things.

************************************************************

"Oh, Jan, I'm so sorry about all the things I did Saturday night. I just got carried away just as I did last time and I hope that I didn't hurt your breasts."

Jan, trying to lighten the atmosphere and make her feel better, said, with a smile, "Everything is fine! There were some bruises and marks, but nothing that won't go away." 

"Oh, I'm so sorry! You know that I don't act like that normally!" 

That was so absurd that Jan had to laugh it, but, before she could reply, Marianne continued, "I think that I need to explain myself. You know that I'm not a lesbian. I'm a married woman with two grown kids. I've never admitted this to anyone, even Bryan, but, back when I was a freshman in college, neither my roommate nor I had a boyfriend or had any sexual experience. We were both...well, bookworms, I guess, and hadn't been particularly popular in high school and we didn't really know how to attract men. Damn, this is hard to say. Anyway, we were alone together a lot...and we ended up having sex with each other. That went on for the full four years, and, honestly, I thought that I was a lesbian.

"When I got out of school, I was more mature, I guess more self-confident. I learned to dress better, more attractively. I discovered that I liked men and my interest in women just disappeared. I assumed that it was just a phase that I had gone through. That, of course was many years ago. I married Bryan, we had two kids and I had a reasonably good life. Sex was ok, but, over time, just wasn't particularly interesting. Bryan and I continued with it, of course, but mostly for his benefit. Frankly, I just put sex away and just ignored that part of life.

"Then something happened. Your bodysuit came open, exposing your...your pussy. This is embarrassing for me and probably for you, but I want to explain myself. It was very funny, seeing you caught up like that, not able to get out or back in and your efforts to hide yourself were hilarious. I couldn't help laughing. But, suddenly, it changed from being funny to being sexy. When Bryan helped you back in and started feeling you, I got very excited although I tried to hide it. When I saw his hands between your legs, I couldn't help myself. I pushed his fingers out of the way and felt you myself. Then, when he was in you, I couldn't contain myself and I grabbed your breasts and couldn't let go. I pretended to be trying to stop him, but I wasn't.

While she was saying all these things, Jan just sat there, stunned, totally unable to speak. Marianne was looking down, seemingly unable to face her as she revealed her past and explained her actions in the Jacuzzi. That part was much as we had surmised, but it was still shocking to hear her describe her feelings. Marianne went on.

"I've downplayed those things in my mind since then, but last Saturday they all emerged again, but, this time, more blatantly. I had kept telling you that you should take your pants off under the water, but I couldn't admit to myself that I wanted to see you without them. When you said that you would take them off if I wanted you to, I had to accept that I did want it because of my own desire, not yours. When we were sitting there in the water and I thought that your pussy probably was bare - and that Bryan was, most likely, feeling it - I could hardly sit still. When you confirmed it and took your bra off, I could hardly contain my emotions. Then, when you stood up completely naked and deliberately showed your pussy, I just couldn't control myself! After that, I couldn't keep my hands off of, or even out of, you. I even felt Bryan's cock going in and out of you. I don't know if I have ever been so sexually excited! 

"All I've been thinking of since then is whether you're upset. I thought that I had to explain my abnormal behavior. I didn't want to tell you all of this, but I just had to. You had to know that I was not just casually touching you all that time and I thought that you should know the truth even if it appalls or, maybe, disgusts you."

Marianne finished this long confession and sat there, downcast, fearing Jan's verdict would be repugnance and loathing. Jan's reaction was neither of these. Instead, she threw her arms around her, saying, "For heaven's sake, honey, you don't have to apologize or feel guilty! I didn't mind anything you did - in fact, I loved it! Gods, I'm the one who was completely naked and put my leg up to show my pussy! And thank you so much for caring enough to tell me of your experience in college. I've never had a relationship like that, but I don't see anything wrong with it, particularly in the situation you describe."

"Oh, do you mean it? I was so afraid that you'd call me a lesbian and have nothing to do with me!"

"Good heavens, Marianne, I wouldn't care if you actually were a lesbian! What difference would that make? I'm an exhibitionist - look how I took my pants off to be played with under the water and then took my bra off and showed my tits! "

"I loved looking at them! I'm sorry if I hurt them! Did I really mark them up?"

Without hesitating, Jan sat up straight, removed her blouse and, reaching for her bra clasp said, "Here look for yourself."

Shocked by Jan's sudden action, Marianne stared at the exposed tits without moving. Then, seeing the marks on the white skin, said in horror, "Oh, my god, they're covered! I can't believe it. Do they hurt?"

"Not really. They were a little sore yesterday, but not bad. And the marks will go away soon. I think that Bryan squeezed them too hard pulling me off of the rim, causing the bruises, but they're just light ones and will disappear very soon. However, the marks all over them around the nipples will last longer - somebody kissed and sucked there!"

Marianne looked up, meeting Jan's eyes for a moment and, saying nothing, bent down, grasped the left breast and took its nipple in her mouth and sucked on it. She quickly did the same to the other one and proceeded to lightly kiss all over both breasts. Neither said anything as they embraced and exchanged a deep and loving kiss. The silence grew, a pregnant silence broken by Marianne quietly asked, "Do you want to go up to the bedroom?" Jan didn't even reply, just stood up and they went up the stairs.

************************************************************

"Oh, honey, I can't believe I did that! I've never thought of being sexually attracted to another woman, but right then I was. When she asked me if I wanted to go up to the bedroom, I knew exactly what she meant. Do...do...do you want to hear about it? Are you disappointed that I would do such a thing? Her face was contorted in...well, not fear exactly, at least not physical fear. She was sincerely afraid that I would be offended and revolted. I honestly don't know why except that she was confused herself.

"Good god, Jan, why would I be disappointed in you over something like that? I've seen you expose every part of your body. I've even sat there watching as another man has fucked you twice. Why on earth would I be upset that you did something with Marianne? We were sure she was interested in you and, when you kissed her good night, you felt something for her. I'm only surprised that this developed so fast. Believe me, I have no negative feelings. In fact, I think that it very sexy!"

The apprehension in her face and body language disappeared in an instance to be replaced by a radiant smile. "What a relief! I tried to tell myself that you would feel that way, but the whole thing was scary after the fact. I was so wrapped up in it while we were involved and I was sort of floating mentally afterwards, but the magnitude of what I had done hit me as I drove home. Now I'm excited again."

"Ok, that's out of the way. Now, tell me exactly what happened."

"Well, we went into the bedroom and undressed. All I had on were my skirt, pantyhose and panties, so it didn't take long. Oddly enough, I wasn't embarrassed or even particularly nervous. Actually, I think that I was overwhelmed by the situation and not really thinking. I know that I was excited. When we were both naked, she put her arms around me and we kissed for several minutes. It was unlike anything I had felt before. I was aware of her tits against mine and I even could feel her pussy hair against me. Then something I hadn't thought of happened.

"She pulled away from me, saying, almost in a whisper, I'll be back in a minute. She left and I heard a door close, and it hit me - she's in the bathroom washing her pussy! That was a shock because reality cut through the loving atmosphere. She thinks that I may lick her pussy! And she may lick mine! I had a moment of panic, but she came out right then and kissed me saying, matter-of-factly, 'I put a wash cloth out for you.' Without saying a word, I went into the bathroom and prepared myself for sex.

"I always do the same thing when you're going to use your tongue on me, so there's no difference with another woman, but it was awkward right in the middle of doing something so intimate for the first time. Of course, it would be much more awkward if another woman was ready to go down on you and you had to say, 'Wait a minute until I wash my pussy!' That just might interrupt the romantic flow a bit!

"She was lying on the bed when I came back and I joined her. We kissed and felt each other for a while, and I really enjoyed just running my hands all over her. Her breasts are a little bigger than I expected and they are nice and firm with very prominent nipples. She did the same with me, feeling me for the first time when she wasn't in a sexual frenzy as when we were in the Jacuzzi. We really explored each other, with our hands gradually reaching each other's pussy. After a while, she raised up on her elbow and, leaning over me, began concentrating on my tits, fondling them and kissing and lightly sucking my nipples. Oh, it felt good. One time she softly said, 'You have lovely breasts. Your nipples are perfect!'

"As she did that, her hand worked its way through my pussy hair and her finger began moving over my clit. At that point, I spread my legs wide and just offered my pussy to her. She ran her hand all over it, from my clit to my...my asshole and between the lips. Even lightly finger-fucking me. Finally, she pulled away and knelt between my legs. Without thinking, I just raised them and opened myself up to her fingers and tongue. I didn't actually decide to do that - I just did it. She immediately leaned in and began running her tongue the whole way through my pussy to my clit, flicking it before going back down. She did that for a few minutes, actually licking all the way back to my asshole as she did so. It was amazing and I was really lost in the feeling. I'm sure that I was soaking wet I was so excited. Finally, she began concentrating on my clit with her tongue while using her finger beneath it. She actually slipped her fingertip into me several times and, even, into my asshole. I was so wet that I think that anything could have gotten into me. After a short time, I was writhing around, humping up against her and she pulled back and used her other hand to put more pressure on my clit as she continued fingering me.

"At that point, I just went wild. I honestly don't know if I've ever had a bigger orgasm! My knees were almost up to my tits and I know that my legs were waving all over the place. I'm sure that she had a hard time staying with me. And then, I just collapsed, totally out of energy. I'm almost sure that I actually passed out for a few seconds because Marianne was coming up beside me and I don't remember her moving from between my legs."

"My god, that was an experience! I wouldn't be surprised that you blacked out! She certainly knew how to work on you. College was a long time ago for her, but she obviously remembered what to do!"

"Yeah! The whole thing was a blur at the end and I'm not sure of everything that she did, but I'm almost sure that she had her finger completely up my ass - that sounds horrible - because I think that I could feel it moving in me as I erupted. I can't be absolutely sure, but I think so."

"Did you do anything yourself?"

"Good heaven, yes! As soon as I recovered, I started to work on her! I really wanted to. I played with her breasts, fondling them while kissing them and sucking on her nipples. I was completely over my hesitancy and I sucked hard right beside one of them, deliberately leaving a hickey and told her, 'There, I put a mark on you!' I think that I even giggled as I did it, proving that I was at ease in the situation. Anyway, I began kissing down her stomach while running my fingers through her pussy hair. She has a lot of hair and it's very soft and curly. I slid my hand between her legs and felt her pussy. That was weird for I'd never even thought of doing anything like that! It was a very funny feeling as I slipped my finger along the lips, and, finally, into her. She was very wet and slippery and I felt none of the squeamishness that I probably expected as I entered her. In fact, I had absolutely no negative reaction to anything that I did.

"Without a moment's hesitation, I moved between her legs and, as she raised and parted them, I deliberately looked right at her pussy, studying it. Then, feeling no repulsion, I just leaned in and began licking her. I went the whole way, too. I licked her from her clit all the way to her asshole, actually using my tongue there. Knowing what feels good to me, I concentrated on her clit, flicking my tongue over it and, occasionally sucking it. At the same time, I continued stroking her between the lips, even finger-fucking her pussy. Thinking back of it, I'm amazed at how easy and natural the whole process was. I wasn't thinking, just acting, but for me, doing this for the first time, my composure was astounding. I wasn't tentative or hesitant at all! 

"When it was obvious that she was nearing her climax, I began working hard, putting pressure on her clit with my fingers as she bucked up against my hand. She was squirming around, making it hard to stay with her, but I did. Finally, she erupted in orgasm and just slumped down on the bed, totally out of it until she slowly recovered. Honey, I loved going off like I did, particularly having the perverse pleasure of knowing that a woman had caused it. However, I believe that I got almost as much pleasure in working her up and causing the orgasm she had! I think that I may be part lesbian because I loved every part of what we did!"

"Well, I hope you don't decide you don't need a cock anymore! It appears to me that you are bisexual, at least as far as Marianne is concerned." Suddenly, struck by a sudden thought, I laughed, saying, "You certainly are in with the Curry family - both of them have had you!"

"My god, you're right! And think, all this because I let my bathing suit bra hang down so that Bryan could see my tit! Who would dream of it developing like this? I'll tell you something though - Bryan has fucked me twice, but there still was nothing between us. I do feel a real affection for Marianne and sex with her means more than sex with him!"

"I'm sure that's true. Bluntly, he was someone you could show off to and he had a cock which, unexpectedly, got into you that first time. The second time was just more of the same. You really did nothing with him except have the fun of exposing yourself and using his cock. Today, you actually had sex with Marianne with both of you working for your mutual enjoyment. Frankly, if you had had this relationship alone with him, I probably would have been concerned and, most likely, unhappy. In any case, how is this going to go?"

"I have no idea. We didn't do any real talking after we finished. I think that there is a real likelihood that we'll do it again - actually, I hope so since you're ok with it. Surprisingly, considering the importance, to both of us, of what we did, there was really no awkwardness between us when we were finished. For two long-married women - school teachers! - to go to bed together and have a wild sexual experience and still be quite comfortable together afterwards has to unexpected. We lay there relaxed and at ease with each other, not talking. Finally, I pulled away, saying that it was getting late and that I had better get dressed and go home.

"We stood up, still completely naked, exchanged a few kisses and proceeded to dress. It was if we did this every day. We put our panties on and pulled on our pantyhose with absolutely no embarrassment. We laughed when I realized that my bra and blouse were still in the living room. I said, half joking, 'I'd better get them before Bryan came in and wondered what we were doing!' 

"Marianne surprised me by laughingly saying, 'Don't worry, he'd just want to get your clothes back off and fuck you!' Those were her very words! She went on to say that he was out of town, looking for some business. In any case, we went downstairs, me naked to the waist. I put on my bra and blouse, we kissed goodbye, each saying that we had really enjoyed ourselves - and I came home. No big exit drama, just a simple ending to a momentous afternoon."

"You know, all of this is shocking in itself, but even more so because this is Marianne we're talking about. This is the woman we believed had no real figure, no sex appeal - prudish, prim and straitlaced. But, aside from sex, she was good company and good natured. Then, startling in itself, she, completely out of character, participates avidly in what appears to be your seduction in the Jacuzzi the first time. The second time she's all in it and, now, we find out that far from being sexless, she was lesbian or close to it in school. Then to top it all off, she has wild lesbian-type sex with you. What the hell is going on? Were we that bad in judging her?"
