 I met Jaime on my job working as a waitress. Our restaurant was something like hooters but with a different name. All of us waitresses wore short booty shorts, tight t-shirts and high heels. It was hard walking around all night in those shoes but the tips were fabulous.

Jaime came in one night with a group of friends. Sitting wide legged in the booth with a pair of dark baggy jeans, a white t-shirt, and beige Timbs at first glance I thought I'd just seen one of the finest dudes to ever walk in the place. But as I approached their table to take their order I realized that Jaime was not a man but a stud. Her hair was cut short and faded on the sides and she had a sexy crooked smile. I looked at the others in her group and it was obvious one of the women was hers. I quickly took their order and moved away from the table.

When I brought the group their wings, the woman with Jaime was gone and only she and the 3 men remained. I placed the plate on the table and asked what had happened to the rest of their party.

"They didn't like what was on the menu as much as we did." Jamie said laughing and staring at me. 

"Do you want me to take their orders back?" I asked.

"No it's cool baby. We'll eat it." She said.

I finished serving the food and turned to walk away when I felt a hand on my ass. Getting groped occasionally is part of the job and if you are friendly the tips are bigger. I turned around to smile at the gentleman who'd done it when I realized it was Jaime. She cupped my ass cheeks and held on for a second before letting go. "Nice ass!" she complimented before turning to her plate and beginning to eat.

My legs felt like jello as I walked away from the table. I've never been attracted to a woman but feeling Jamie's hands on my ass had just caused me to cream in my panties. I quickly rushed to the ladies room to wipe myself before serving the next customer.

Jamie and her party remained for several hours as other patrons came and went. They ordered more drinks and each time I served them Jamie copped a feel of my ass or brushed against my tits. The other men with her seemed to know I was marked territory and neither of them tried anything. As I served them a pitcher of Long Island iced tea Jaime reached over and gently began to stroke up and down my bare thighs. As she stroked she pretended to engage me in conversation so I did not have an excuse to move. Not that I wanted to. Her gentle but firm touch had set me on fire once again. I stood at their table making small talk for ten minutes as Jaime stroked up and down my thighs stopping at my ass, squeezing gently, then working her way down again. My pussy throbbed and ached inside the tight shorts. Finally when I thought I could take no more she moved her hand away and asked for the check.

I returned with the check and found that the men were gone and she was seated alone. I laid the black folder on the table and waited while she placed her credit card inside. As she handed it to me she looked me in the eyes. "You like pussy?" she asked with out hesitation.

"No. I...I'm straight." I stammered as her hands found their way back to rubbing on my bare legs.

"Are you sure about that?" she said cupping my ass in her palm.

"Yes. I'm sure." I said and rushed from the table. I looked around for another waitress to return her card and her receipt but it was minutes from closing time. Several of the other waitresses were gone and the ones left were busy cleaning up their tables to go home. 

Reluctantly I walked back over to table. Jaime was leaning sexily against the back of the booth with a single toothpick inside her mouth. She took her card and slowly signed the receipt. When she was done she reached into her pants pocket and pulled out a one hundred dollar bill and a business card. She laid them both on the table.

"If you change your mind, my numbers on the card and I'll be home the rest of the night." She stood up from the booth, gave my ass a gentle squeeze and sexily sauntered out.

I lay in my bed with my fingers buried between my pussy lips later than night thinking of Jaime. I rationalized that it was her manliness that had turned me on. The way she dressed like a man, and talked like a man, and her manly demeanor. Then I had to admit to myself that in over a year of working at the restaurant no man had ever made me cream my panties the way she did. Thinking of Jaime I rubbed my clit faster until I came then I drifted off to sleep.

She came into the restaurant several times over the next few weeks. Each time she sat at my table, and flirted with me. She rubbed my bare thighs; she cupped my ass, once she even pinched my erect nipple through my thin T-shirt. I told myself I allowed her to do these things for the tips but I knew deep down inside I enjoyed it. I began to look forward to her coming into the restaurant. Each night when she was gone I'd masturbate wildly to fantasies of her. 

One night Jaime came into the restaurant alone and as usual sat at my table. It was less than an hour before closing time and she ordered a beer and a sandwich. I brought her food to the table and waited for her to touch me. Instead she began eating ignoring my presence and I walked away feeling dejected. Jaime ate her sandwich and ordered another beer as the restaurant emptied out. Finally only she and the staff remained. She motioned me over to her table. 

"I'll take the check now." She said without looking up at me. 

I returned to the kitchen to retrieve it wondering what I'd done wrong. Why wasn't she flirting? Why wasn't she groping and touching and setting my body on fire I asked myself. I adjusted my boobs inside my tight shirt sitting them up higher, raised my shorts a few inches and seductively walked back to the table with the check. I waited for Jaime to notice. She gave me her credit card and I turned seductively knowing that my ass cheeks would greet her in the face as I walked away. I purposely stalled several minutes then returned to her table with the receipt.

She was standing when I returned and handed it to her. I noticed her looking around the restaurant. Most of the other waitresses were either gone or in the kitchen. She and I were alone in the dining room. Suddenly she grabbed me around my waist and pulled me roughly to her. Before I could protest she pressed her lips hard against mine and I opened my mouth taking her tongue inside as she tried to shove it down my throat. I kissed her back with urgency and passion as I felt her hands roaming all over my body setting me on fire. Almost as quickly she released me.

"Stop being a damn tease. I know you want me. You have my card. Call me." She said then turned and walked out.

As soon as I was inside my car I pulled out my cell phone and thumbed through the directory. I no longer had Jaime's card but I'd programmed her number the first night she came into the restaurant. I pressed send and waited for her to answer.

"Hi, it's me Tanisha, from the restaurant." I said.

"How are you?" she asked.

"Fine. I just got off work and was leaving the restaurant." I paused waiting for her to take the lead of the conversation. When she didn't I went into small talk mode.

"Did I catch you at a bad time?"

"No, not at all." She answered.

"Good. I'd hate it if I woke you up or something." 

A long pause followed my words. Finally Jaime spoke. "So why are you calling Tanisha?" she asked.

I hesitated. We both knew why I was calling but she was going to make me say it. I took a deep breath. "You told me if I was interested to give you a call, so I'm calling."

"That's true. So tell me exactly what are you interested in Tanisha?"

"You." I said softly.

"That can't be true. You told me you don't like pussy. I have a pussy Tanisha." 

"I know." Was all I could manage to breathe out.

"Would you like to come over? I don't live far from the restaurant."

Jaime gave me the directions and within a few moments I found myself knocking on her door. She opened it and invited me in. She was wearing a pair of black silk boxer shorts and a wife beater. For the first time I noticed her small but perky breasts. She had long nipples that poked through the fabric.

"Have a seat." She said.

I moved towards the sofa and sat down. On the coffee table I noticed there were two glasses of red wine poured. She offered me one and I took it from her hand and quickly gulped down several swallows.

"Relax baby." She said smiling at me.

"I've never. I mean this is the first time. I mean I'm not a lesbian." I finally managed to say.

She didn't answer me instead she leaned over and kissed me. I welcomed her kissed and leaned into her as our tongues wrestled. For the next several minutes we held each other and shared kisses. Finally we pulled apart and she looked into my eyes. She reached up and brushed a hair from my face. "I've wanted you for a long time Tanisha." She said kissing me lightly again.

"I've wanted you too. Since the first day you came in the restaurant." I admitted.

She answered by smothering my mouth with more sensual kisses. As she did she slowly began to undress me by pulling my t-shirt over my head. She broke the kiss only momentarily then fondled my breasts as she sucked on my bottom lip.

As she kissed me Jaime gently pushed me down on the couch and climbed on top of me. She smothered my breasts with kisses and licks and sucks as I moaned under her. Without taking her mouth and tongue from my tits she reached down and pulled my tiny shorts down my hips. I lifted my ass to assist her and soon they were lying on the floor next to my t-shirt.

Slowly she began to trail kisses down my body. I shuddered in anticipation as she slowly and expertly licked each inch of my stomach working her way downward. My pussy throbbed and creamed. She licked her tongue across the top of my bare pussy before moving downward to the fat lips. Gently she kissed them as if they were another mouth. I felt her tongue flick out and as her whole mouth covered my pussy she sensual tongue kissed my clit. 

"Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhh!!!" I screamed as I came in a sudden and violent rush. Jaime ignored my scream and gently put my legs over her shoulders pulling my pussy closer to her face. I felt her tongue swirling around and around my clit and I squirmed in her grasp as the sensations overtook me. He tongue darted in and out of her mouth fucking my pussy like a tiny slick wet dick. I bucked my hips against her face. All of those weeks I'd fantasized about Jaime could not compare to the full tongue assault she was giving me. I screamed her name over and over. "Oh Jaime, Oh Jaime, Oh suck my clit, Yes Jaime." I sang out over and over. I completely lost count of how many times she'd made me cum. My body was glistening with sweat as I lay there spent from the best oral love making I'd ever experienced.

Finally Jaime slowed down her rhythm and gently licked my pussy before working her way up my body. Our lips met and I tasted my pungent sweetness on her lips. Hungrily I sucked her tongue. Jamie pulled back and took off her wifebeater revealing her small tits. She offered a long nipple to me and I took it in my mouth and gently sucked. Jaime leaned her pelvis into me and I felt something brushed again me. It felt hard. It felt like a dick. I opened my eyes in surprise and looked down.

Jaime stood up and stepped out of her boxer short and her strap on dick sprang out and pointed at me. She shifted me on the couch to an almost sitting position then she squatted in front of me and slid the dick deep inside my waiting pussy. Slowly and deliberately she kissed me as she rocked her hips in a gentle motion. I pulled her body to me and my hips met hers. "Fuck me Jaime! Oh yes Fuck me good!"

That was all the encouragement she needed as she began to buck into me swiftly and wildly assaulting my pussy with her dick. She pumped me hard and fast and sucked on my neck. I took her nipples in my hands and twirled their hardness against my thumb and forefinger. She moaned her approval and fucked me faster and harder as I screamed and she grunted. 

"Turn over!" she told me and quickly flipped me into a doggy style position on the couch. I arched my back and turned my ass to her. Quickly she entered my pussy from behind and slapped my ass over and over as she rode me. I held tightly onto the back of the couch as she fucked harder and faster and harder and faster. I bucked my ass backward to meet each and every thrust as she slapped my ass turning it from light brown to bright red. 

With most men fucking this hard and fast would have taken them over the edge within a matter of only a few minutes but over an hour later Jaime was still fucking me swiftly. We'd both cum several times but the dick stayed hard and we changed positions.

She lay down on the floor and I straddled her. Leaning down I sucked on her small tits while riding her dick with my ass rising and falling over it. Up and down I worked my big ass on her dick until I heard her scream she was cumming yet again. Exhausted we both collapsed in a sweaty pool on her living room floor.

I was tired but I was still horny for more. I rolled off the dick and straddled Jaime's face. Without hesitation she began to suck my clit squeezing my ass cheeks in her hand. I felt her let go of my ass but she continued to suck me. After several minutes she grabbed me and flipped me over onto my back. She'd taken off the dick and I found myself in a 69 face to face with her pussy. Like mine it was clean shaven. Jaime continued to lick my pussy while lowering hers into my face as an invitation. 

I didn't know what to do so I decided to do to her what I liked done to me. Obviously it was the right thing because within minutes she was moaning and screaming out my name. Our naked bodies entwined on the floor we lapped at each other's sopping wet pussies.

Hours later as I lay in Jaime's bed listening to her snore lightly I snuggled closely up to her naked body. We'd played with each other's bodies until the wee hours of the morning before we finally dragged ourselves to bed and fell asleep. A passing car had awakened me and momentarily I'd forgotten where I was. I smiled quietly to myself as I remembered. 

Jaime was everything I wanted. Her masculinity was sexy and intoxicating. She'd told me she wore the strap on dick more often than not and could pull it out to fuck me at a moments notice. That hardness about her made my pussy jump at the thought of it. But I also loved her softness. The gentle way she caressed my face when we kissed and rubbed our clits together. The tenderness she used when licking my pussy lips. The feel of her pert nipples against my tongue and the sweetness of her pussy against my lips let me know I was hooked.