 I realize that this has nothing to do with Jamaica other than the setting in a hotel room on the beach. As I was writing the description it reminded me of an anniversary trip some years ago, so I decided to set it there.

Thanks to my editor, drbob80 and my brother leftyloo, I appreciate the advice and support.

++++++++++++++++

I opened my eyes, lying still in the big bed. The sun had just risen and the light was bursting into our room. The patio door was open and the white, sheer linen curtains were softly blowing in the breeze. The delicious scent of the ocean carried into our room on the gentle breeze and the sights, smells and sounds captivated me.

I turned my head, slowly, carefully so as not to wake Evelina, my companion, my lover, my life. She was lying on her side, facing away from me. I gazed at the back of her head before my eyes slid slowly down her body, pausing momentarily on her firm, muscular back, covered so beautifully by the peach and white camisole. My vision continued down her body to the perfect bottom, so delicately wrapped in matching peach bikini panties. The white Egyptian cotton sheet draped over her, half covering her, but exposing enough of her to tantalize me and make my mouth water. The peach and white contrasted perfectly with her smooth olive skin and silky black hair. As usual when I looked at Evelina, on the rare occasions where I had the luxury to peruse her body with leisure, when she wasn't aware and chiding me about it, I couldn't believe that we were together, that she had chosen me. I started thinking back on how we got together.

++++++++++++++++

When Evelina was in college, she had been a successful athlete, a swimmer. She had success in the Olympic tryouts and was an alternate for the Summer Games. She didn't actually compete, though she did get to go to the Olympics. She had parlayed that success into a job in marketing with a local advertising agency. At first, she was the Olympic athlete that the company could trot out to impress prospective clients, but they soon realized that her MBA from Indiana University was well earned and she quickly became an integral part of their business.

I, on the other hand, am a short, skinny, librarian with long, dishwater blonde, hair. I am what my beautiful, successful, attorney mother calls 'Plain Jane', which ironically enough is my name, Jane Smith. You really can't get any more nondescript than that. My body is really more reminiscent of a twelve year old boy than a thirty two year old woman. In my opinion, I am thoroughly unremarkable. I had realized very early in my teenage years that I had zero interest in boys. I liked looking at girls and being around girls. I participated in extracurricular activities that allowed me to interact with all of the pretty girls but didn't require me to stand out at any time, in any way. In contrast to Evelina, I was completely nonathletic. I was in drama club; I helped with costuming and make-up and never, ever on stage. I was in glee club, I had a good enough voice to participate, but never solo, or stand out in any way. I was always with the girls. I watched, surreptitiously, as the other girls changed and my heart would race as I caught glimpses of naked or nearly naked girls. I realized that I was very attracted to girls and concluded that I was, in all likelihood, a lesbian. I never acted on this conclusion; I was too terrified of being an outcast. Even though I was always around, I was invisible to the jock group, their cheerleader girlfriends and the like and I wanted to stay that way.

I was an average student, although, most of my success as a student came from my love of reading. In college, I realized that my interests were going to get me one of two jobs, an English teacher or a librarian. The thought of getting up in front of a bunch of unruly kids terrified me. So, library science became my major, with a minor in computer science and English. I got a job at the Indianapolis Public Library upon graduation and faded into the background with all of the books and computers.

I helped people find books, information and whatever else they might need. I led a quiet, safe, boring life. Even though I considered myself a lesbian, by the time my thirty-second birthday rolled around, I had never had a sexual encounter involving anyone other than myself. I suppose you call that being a virgin, but more to the point, I was the classic spinster librarian.

Anyway, I was working the information desk one afternoon and was concentrating on the computer when I heard a question. "Excuse me, miss, do you think you could help me?"

The question always made me giggle. I have always wondered what self-respecting librarian would answer 'No' to that question.

Without looking up, I said, "I will certainly try." I finished my latest action on the computer before looking up. When I did, I was struck nearly speechless. In front of me stood a very tall, she had to be over six feet, tightly packed, olive-skinned beauty. She was in a charcoal grey suit with tiny white pinstripes, her blouse was high-necked black silk, the skirt demurely just above her knees, with black stockings. I glanced down at her glossy black three-inch heels before looking back to her face. In between her shoes and her face, I slowly scanned her immaculately groomed and spectacularly presented body. Her hips were full without being big, her waist on the small side, her breasts were medium, I guessed, covered as they were by her jacket. By the time I got to her face, she wore a small smile, as though amused by something she had seen. She then slowly spun in front of me, pausing so that I got the full effect of her ass in the tight skirt. By the time she got around to facing me again, I felt faint.

She leaned in over me, the smile growing, "See anything you like?" Her voice was as rich and smooth as her black silk blouse.

I nearly fainted, "I, uhhh, ummm..."

Her responding laugh was smooth, sweet. "I'll take that as a yes."

I was completely flustered and more than a little embarrassed. I took a beat to collect myself. Drawing a deep breath I said, "You said you needed help?"

She smiled, "Back to business? Okay, I'm just going to lay my cards on the table. I have been researching, for the last four hours on the Internet, for the answer to a question my boss asked in a meeting this morning. Evidently, I am incapable of properly formulating my query to find the answer. I figured I would find some geek in the library to charm into doing my bidding." She paused, giggling and blushing. The giggling and blushing was completely in opposition to the calm and powerfully controlled image that she presented. "Then I saw you and I just had to meet you. I decided to tell you the truth and see where it got me." She stopped, looking at me expectantly, with a small sweet smile.

I sat for a moment processing what this goddess had said to me. Finally, I blurted, "You wanted to meet me? Why?"

Her smile widened, "You're kidding, right?"

When I just stared blankly back at her she blushed and took a step back, obviously embarrassed.

Her previous assuredness evaporated. "I, uhhh, I...you're just the cutest little thing and I, umm, I wanted to meet you...uhhh... see if you'd... ummm like to get coffee. But..." She paused, apparently to gather herself. After a deep breath, and a couple of moments, she said, "I'm sorry. But, I think you're adorable and I hoped you'd like to go out sometime. But, you're obviously not interested..."

I was completely stunned, again, almost into speechlessness. I started looking around to see where my coworkers were hiding. This had to be an elaborate joke. I knew it was when the gorgeous creature in front of me said I was adorable.

She started to turn away when I found my voice, "Wait, please." She stopped mid-turn and swiveled her head around to look at me. "You're not just messin' with me, are you?" She didn't speak, just shook her head.

"I don't understand," I said. "I'm just...just...just Plain Jane, as my mother says. How could you think that I'm cute or adorable?"

The look on her face changed from a hopeful smile to something much, much darker. "Don't do that! Don't run yourself down! You are both cute and adorable. I could just eat you up right now!"

I giggled nervously, "Uhh, okay. But I have a question."

She had turned completely back to me and was leaning on the desk. "I may have an answer." She said, teasingly.

"Well, it may be a couple of questions." I said and she smiled.

"Uhh, when you say 'Go out', what do you mean?" Even though I consider myself a lesbian, we were on very unfamiliar ground for me.

She smiled, "What do you want it to mean?"

She had me, I had to say it aloud and I had never done that before. I took a deep breath and blushed, "I'm hoping it means a date. 'Cause if you think I'm cute and adorable, then I think you're the most gorgeous creature I have ever seen in my life and I would love to go out with you."

She smiled, "Then a date it is. I'm Evie Montenegro, and even though I see your name is Jane, I'm pretty sure that 'Plain Jane' isn't your full name."

I giggled and stuck out my hand, "I'm Jane Smith."

Evelina raised her eyebrow as she took my hand. I almost fainted again; her hand was warm and smooth and felt very powerful.

I regained my composure and blushing, giggled again, "Even though my Dad is an engineer and Mother is a corporate attorney, they weren't very imaginative with the name of their only child. Is Evie short for something? Evelyn, maybe?"

She laughed, "If only my parents had become that Americanized. My full name is Evelina Raphaella Maria Montenegro. We're just a little Italian-Catholic."

I looked at her shyly, "Evelina is a beautiful name; I don't know why you don't go by that."

She blushed in response, "Thank you."

I said, "I've got one more question, though it may be more appropriate for our date."

That was two years ago, and we have been together ever since that day. By the way, I never call her Evie.

++++++++++++++++++

My thoughts returned to the present. I lay still, looking at Evelina, my heart swelling with love. Even though she constantly admonished me for running myself down, I was amazed that she wanted to be with me. When we went out, we would meet beautiful women. Some of these women were nearly as beautiful as Evelina and very obviously wanted to be with her. They would completely ignore the fact that we were together and try to cut me out of their time or conversation and Evelina would have none of it. If they weren't interested in us as a couple, Evelina wasn't interested in them. Our friends were people that accepted us for us, nothing more, and nothing less. It was one of the things that I loved most about Evelina. She is who she is and she loved who she loved and no-one would influence what she thought. She is the strongest, most independent woman I had ever known, my attorney mother included.

I felt the call of nature and slipped out of bed, being careful not to wake my own personal sleeping beauty. I went to the bathroom, brushed my teeth and washed my face. I slipped back into bed and continued to watch Evelina sleep.

"Gianna, you're staring again," Evelina's smooth, wonderful voice said to me. On our third date, Evelina started calling me Gianna. She said I was too beautiful to be called Jane anymore, so she Italianized it. I didn't believe a word of it, but I loved it anyway.

"Am not." I retorted.

I could hear the smile in her voice as she replied, "Are too."

"So what," I said, "You are still the most beautiful woman I have ever seen and if I want to stare, I will. I know this'll make you mad, but I still can't believe that I'm on the beach in Jamaica with you and that you love me as much as I love you."

She didn't turn over as she replied, "I can't believe that you're an English minor and you misuse the word mad as badly as you do." The smile was still very evident in her voice. "If you're saying that I'm crazy about you, you are absolutely correct. If, however, you're saying that I'm angry at you, you could not be more wrong. I am never angry with you, but I'm disappointed that your mother damaged you so badly that you cannot see yourself as the beautiful creature that I see when I look at you. You took my breath away that day in the library and you still do every time I look at you. You're thin and look like a model. I would give my right arm for your ass and boobs. I love your little angel face. You're my beautiful Gianna."

Even though I didn't believe a word she said about my appearance, I loved hearing it from her, it always gave me chills. She slipped out of bed and walked to the bathroom. As always, I was mesmerized by her gently swaying ass.

"Staring..." she declared.

"Am not...even if I am...so what!" I retorted.

She snorted in response. When she came back, I watched her just as closely as I always did. She always held my attention...and made me hold my breath. Her breasts were swaying gently and I was staring this time.

She stopped beside the bed and I didn't alter my view. "Ahem!"

I was startled and looked up at her. "What?"

"Staring..." she repeated, "aaaannnnddd my eyes are up here!"

I stuck my tongue out.

Her demeanor completely changed. Suddenly, she was softer, sexier and much sultrier. That was another thing that I loved about her. She could go from any mood to sultry and seductive in the beat of a heart. It didn't matter if she was business-like, playful or even angry...she would look at me and I knew how much she loved me and my heart would flutter...like right now. She reached down and caressed my face. "Is that an offer?" She asked so quietly that I could barely hear her.

My heart started fluttering and I became tongue-tied. I simply nodded. She knelt beside the bed and gently caressed my face. As she drew close to my lips with hers, she whispered, "I love you, my sweet Baby Jane."

The fluttering of my heart escalated to a thunderous crashing in my chest as she closed the distance between our lips and then she paused. I could feel her breath on my lips and my eyes were locked on hers. Her tongue slipped out and the fairy light touch as just the tip of her tongue traced my lips made me shiver. I stayed still and allowed her to explore to her heart's content. I loved the gentle skimming of the soft appendage on my skin and didn't want to interrupt and risk missing an instant of it. Soon, she leaned the rest of the way and our lips melted together. We kissed for what seemed to be forever. But, it never became fierce, it was soft and gentle as she explored my lips and I hers. It was so beautiful that I became short of breath, my eyes started tearing up and my heart was threatening to leap out of my chest. Evelina pulled her face away and gently cupped my face in her hands.

"I do love you, you know?" Evelina whispered.

My heart filled with joy like it did every time she said those words. My return whisper was barely audible as I teased, "Not as much as I love you."

She grinned and stood up, her hands drawing my silky camisole over my head. It startled me as she did it, I wasn't even aware that she had taken hold of it. I shrieked a little, laughing.

"Oh, come on," she chided gently, "it wasn't that surprising." She leaned down and kissed the tip of my nose, just before unceremoniously knocking me flat onto the bed. Just as I was about to protest her abusive (not) treatment of me, she whisked the matching panties from my bottom.

"Heeeyyy," I objected weakly. It wasn't too effective as a protest because I was giggling.

Evelina crawled on top of me and kissed me again to shut me up. I moaned from her tongue tickling my lips and darting away before I could meet it. Her teasing while we made love always ratcheted up my desire. By the time she sat up and grinned at me, I was almost blind with lust for her.

I reached for her breasts and she brushed my hands away. "I don't think so, Gianna, this gorgeous morning is all about you." She pulled her camisole off so that I was able to enjoy her soft, smooth, warm skin as she slid over me. She leaned forward and I felt her hard nipples dragging over my skin. Evelina reached my face and kissed me before sliding down to my boobs. "I love your nipples, they're so cute." (My nipples are tiny; the entire areola is about the size of a dime. The only thing about them that is remarkable is the color; they are deep red, almost maroon.)

I smiled, "You know Evelina, at thirty four, cute is a little embarrassing." I gasped, she had nipped my nipple. The flash of sharp pain went right to my pussy, which gushed a little.

She obviously felt the warmth of my juices sliding on the smooth skin of her belly. She laughed, "You know, for a lady that had been a spinster virgin librarian just two years ago, you are becoming a little slut! Your pussy just gushed a tiny bit at a little nip of your nip." Her laugh turned into a giggle at her little pun.

She scooted down and her tongue quickly swiped at my folds, sending a shiver completely through me. She peered up at me, over my waxed mound and between my thighs. I could see the twinkle in her eyes.

"I was right, but I was wrong, too." She murmured.

"Wrong, how?" I moaned, her tongue hitting the perfect spot on my pussy.

She giggled again, "There was nothing tiny about your gush. It was a river of lovely, sweet Gianna nectar."

She dove back in as though to prove what she had found. I squealed in response to her wiggling, lashing eel of a tongue. She withdrew upon hearing my squeal.

"Oh, is that too much?" She grinned over my mound again. She started kissing the inside of my thighs, completely ignoring my weeping gash.

"Noooo...." I moaned. "Pleeeeze," I pleaded. Her teasing was beginning to drive me wild, as it always did.

She started chuckling again, "Now what?"

"Oh. My. God. Evelina," I panted, "you're, you're...ohhhh..."

I moaned as she gently sucked a delicate nether lip between her two luscious lips, and then worked up to envelope my clit. Her thumb dipped into my pussy below her chin and her forefinger found my pink, tight anus. It circled two or three times, smearing my dripping juices around. Her thumb slid out a little as she adjusted the position of her hand. Thumb wiggling, her finger slid smoothly into my tight, tiny butthole. I groaned with the full feeling of my butt and my pussy.

Evelina stopped moving her hand, pulled her face away and asked quietly, with concern, "Gianna, are you all right?"

"Oooohhh baby, I'm more than all right." I moaned, "Please don't stop, this feels amazing."

She chuckled, "Okay..."

She resumed the movement of her hand, and her finger penetrated as deeply as it would go. She paused and then rubbed her thumb and finger together through the thin membrane between my pussy and butt. She sucked my clit between her teeth and gently bit down. The ensuing orgasm was spectacular and rushed through my body with no warning whatsoever.

"Ohgodohgodohgod," I wailed. "Don't stop, don't stop, don't stop... Ohgodohgodohgod that feels so good..."

The orgasm had begun to wane when she twisted her hand and it suddenly surged again. I was flopping all over the bed, my limbs moving spastically. Unexpectedly, I felt a rush from my pussy and when I looked down, Evelina's face and hair were covered with a thick, gooey discharge.

She was blinking and grinning. "You just squirted!" She exclaimed proudly. "I made you come so hard that you sprayed me!"

She licked her lips and her grin grew wider. She slowly withdrew her hand and licked everything but her finger. "It tastes awesome!"
