 After falling asleep, my cell phone rang at 2:30 a.m. I groggily answered, "Hello?" yet in the background I heard the unmistakable sound of females giggling.

"Hey sexy," I heard my friend Jamie say to me through her bedside speakerphone, obviously wide awake at this dreadful hour. "What are you doing?"

"Sleeping sweetie," I replied. "It's what normal people do at 2:30 in the morning."

"Awww, you're so cute when you're grumpy. But I think I can change the expression on that puss of yours," Jamie said. "Guess who is here with me right now?"

She knew she was teasing me and she knew I loved it. They had obviously planned the giggling when I answered the phone, so I really had the answer her question down pat. But Jamie loves it when I play along, so I acquiesced. I could feel my cock stirring in my sweatpants.

"Knowing you, you have a sexy female next to you. Who is it this time?"

"It's Stephanie, the girl I told you about yesterday," Jamie cooed. "She came over for a little F-U-N."

I began to absentmindedly rub my crotch through my sweatpants. Jamie's verbal ministrations were causing me to become wide awake and not to mention very horny. I yearned for more information.

"Oh really? She couldn't get enough of your sexy body, just like I can't," I said, hearing only a giggle in response.

"So what are you two doing?"

"Well if you must know nosey, we're both naked right now. Stephanie came over about an hour ago and we've been going at it ever since. She is running her hands all up and down my stomach and up to my breasts. Sean, her hands feel so good," Jamie answered, before I heard a new female voice say hi to me.

"Hello Stephanie. Jamie has told me so much about you and how you met."

"Oh you heard all about those horny details? Well cutie, Jamie has some new stories for you," Stephanie said, which was followed by a dual giggle then the unmistakable sound of two girls kissing. I listened to their extended lip lock, the smacks of their lips against the other's clearly audible over the speakerphone. My hand continued to massage the outside of my sweatpants.

"Well tell me what you want to tell me honey, it's your nickel," I said sort of impatiently. The girls obviously wanted to tease me a little, yet if they were calling at 2:30 a.m., they must have called to get me off. 

"I want you to listen to Stephanie and I having hot sex baby. I know how you love when I tell you about my little escapades, so now I'm going to let you listen to one of them," Jamie said, giggling like she always does.

I adjusted my position in the bed, laying flat on my back. My hard on was raging, so I slid my ass off the bed to pull my sweatpants off slightly. With then nighttime attire bunched around my knees, my right hand flied to my aching cock and began to slowly stroke it. Immediately the tension building up started to ebb as my right hand pleasured myself. Then I remembered….

"Hey, you were supposed to tell me about Monday!" I said, remembering she would tell me the details of Monday at another time. Well, I thought, this was another time.

"That's right! I did say that, right baby? Okay, you asked for it…." Jamie snickered and I knew I was in for an interesting tale or sexy girl-girl love. 

"Well, Monday was a little different because she bought me a present. We had hung out all day at the mall and we were in one of the stores. Guess what she bought me?"

"I give up," I said.

"A vibrator!"

I secretly pictured the two of the looking at the vibrators, picking one that would please Jamie's wet pussy. I could see their pretty faces giggling as they looked at the displays, picking them up and feeling them in their hands. She continued.

"It is black, about seven inches long and three wide. So anyway, the mall is about an hour away, so we got a little bolder than we would have at one closer to my house. We walked around holding hands. I was on the left. She bought me a smoothie and we even kissed, right in front of everyone! And then later on, we were walking around and she had her hand in the back pocket of my jeans. Oh yes Stephanie, suck my nipple baby. Yeah, that's it," Jamie said, and I quickly pictured Stephanie's mouth clamped on our friend's breast, swirling her tongue around the hardened nub.

"So anyway, I was getting really turned on by her doing that. Later we went to dinner at a restaurant near the mall. We sat in a booth opposite each other but she kept playing footsie with me, rubbing my pussy through my jeans with her toes! She's rubbing my pussy right now Sean. I bet you really like hearing that," she teased, and she knew I loved it.

"Yeah," I said, my hand sliding up and down my cock, adding pressure as my hand went up the length of my shaft. "Tell me more."

"Well, I told her that she should quit it because I was too horny. So she moved closer to me so she could rub my thigh. So I slipped my hand up her mini skirt so I could rub her twat. Oh my God, Sean. She had no panties on and she was so wet - just like she is right now! Sean, I wish you were here to see us and to feel our horny bodies. I know you'd love to see us. Steph is on top of me right now, running her fingertips up and down my sides, sending shivers through my body.

"Then the waiter came over. He was cute, so I thought I'd tease her just like she was doing to me. So when he was taking her order, I slid two fingers into her pussy and held them there, deep inside her. She held her breath for a second before she looked over at me and smiled. I looked at the waiter and h had a puzzled look on his face, but it was still a cute look," Jamie continued, giggling as she remembered the waiter. 

"I started to rub her clit as the waiter walked away and she came not long after that, all over the seat."

"I hope you licked it up," I groaned, my hand beating my cock. I heard the two kissing, then a giggle that was definitely Jamie's.

"Yes I did. I got under the table and I licked her pussy clean as well as the seat. That's when it got a little interesting, because when I got back up into my seat, every guy in the place was looking at me. I guess they liked it," she said, giggling yet again. I was near orgasm.

I heard Jamie moan.

"What is going on over there baby?" I asked, wanting to know the reason for her pleasure. 

"Mmmm, Sean. Stephanie just slid down my body and is beginning to eat my pussy. She is soooo good at it. She's making my body tremble. Oh God Sean. Oh God!"

I was amazed at the volume Jamie was reaching, her voice becoming husky as she was telling me of Stephanie's dive between our friend's legs. I could feel my cum boiling inside my balls as the conversation got hotter. I decided to give some orders to our new friend over the phone.

"Yes Stephanie, eat her hot pussy. She loves tongues up her twat, nibble on her inner pelvis as she wiggles on the bed. Then start sucking on her clit, she loves that. Mmmmm taste her cum as it drips out of her. Get a real good taste," I yelled into my phone, my breathing also ragged as my cock was ready to shoot off.

I could hear the moans and screams as Jamie had her pussy sucked and licked.

"You want this baby?" I heard Stephanie ask, and the sound of a woman nearly in the throes of passion reply very huskily, "YES! Stick that into my pussy and turn it on!"

The thing could only have been the aforementioned vibrator. I pictured Stephanie on her knees between Jamie's spread legs, bending over to slide the vibe into her wet pussy.

"I'm going to get it wet for you," Stephanie cooed, before I heard Jamie say, "Oh Sean, she's sucking on the first few inches of the vibrator, getting it wet for my pussy. Oh baby I wish you could see her sucking on it, because I want to see her sucking on your cock. Sliding in and out between her sultry red lips. I know you'd like that."

I couldn't answer; I was moaning as my hand flew over my cock. I was very close as I fisted my cock. Another few seconds and I would be there.

"Oh yes baby, jerk that cock off, I want to hear you cum. Picturing it shooting out of you, splashing on Stephanie's tits, then me bending over her and licking all of your warm, sticky cum from her body."

That was it. I announced to the girls that I was cumming, my semen spilling onto my groin. 

"Oh boy, that was good girls. Thank you very much for waking me up for that," I said, relief showing in my voice. "Now I want to hear you cum Jamie."

"I'm about to. Stephanie is sliding the vibrator so far into me and she's fucking me with it. Oh my God Sean! It's filling my tight pussy up! Yes Stephanie, turn this fucking thing on, I want to cum so hard for you both!" Jamie said, and not a second later I heard the sound of a buzzing noise over the phone line, not to mention the sloshing of a wet pussy.

Jamie wasn't far from an orgasm. She was moaning loudly and deeply, and I could hear the rustling of the sheets. I pictured her squirming on the bed as Stephanie use the vibrator on Jamie's pussy. Then I heard Jamie say she was cumming, letting loose multiple "FUCK! FUCK! FUCK! FUCK! FUCK! FUCK! FUCK!" as she climaxed.

It took a minute before Jamie returned to consciousness, her breathing slowly coming back to normal. 

"Oh my God Stephanie that was incredible! And Sean, baby, thank you so much for listening to us!"

Before I could say you're welcome, she hung up the phone.