 If you are a minor, below the legal age to read Pornography then STOP here. This is for Adults Only! F/f I would really like some comments, good or bad, (but not abusive or about abuse!!) and would love E-Mail. I would like to hear from anyone, INCLUDING, Females, young, old or anything but indifferent. :-] I really would like some input on whether I have described things right or not.

* * * * *

Chapter 1

The normally pretty, teenaged face of Janet Kline was not very nice to look at as she tore open the door to her home. It was a mask of betrayal and hatred. She slammed the door, rattling the windows. She leaned against it catching her breath. Her breasts rising and falling in the frilly white blouse she wore. She turned, threw her school books on the hall table and ran up the stairs toward her room, two steps at a time. Her short, mini skirt flying, giving glimpses of her athletic young legs and white panties.

As she reached her room, her stepmother, Kelly came out of the master bedroom to see what the noise was. When she saw Janet she said, "Jan, that's no way to act, slamming doors... You might break something."

Janet stopped, glaring at her, her dazzling blue eyes were flashing. She said violently, "Shut up Bitch! You're not my mother... just stay out of my way." She turned and entered her room and slammed the door.

Silence! Kelly was shocked... stunned... crushed!

Later...

Janet entered the dimly lit room through the partially open door. She could see Kelly, face down on the bed, her shoulders twitching as she sobbed. Jan started crying too as she realized what her harsh words had done to her stepmother.

Jan approached the bed and extended her hand and gently stroked the shaking shoulder while saying, softly, "I... I'm sorry, Kelly... I didn't mean..."

Kelly stopped crying and wiped her eyes. Then rolled onto her back, with her arm over her eyes. "It's ok Janet, I should have kept my mouth shut! Who am I to tell you what to do."

"No, no... oh Kelly... I'm so damned stupid... I was just so damned mad... I lashed out without even thinking... I'm so sorry... Please forgive me... Please...", She was crying quite hard by now.

Kelly, looked up at the teenager and her heart went out to her. She immediately sat up, reaching to the bedside table for the box of tissues there. Grabbing some, she urged the girl down beside her on the bed, and started drying the flood of tears welling from her eyes. She hugged her and pulled her head to hers and started soothing her, stroking her hair, crooning to her. "Hush, hush, honey. It's alright. It's fine. Ok. Ok." She started rocking her from side to side, hugging her, quieting her. "It's all over. Hush baby."

Kelly kept dabbing Janet's eyes and then her own and then started laughing because they were both trying to talk at the same time. Finally, Janet took some tissues and blew her nose and breathed deeply, looking at Kelly who was doing the same.

"God, I feel so dumb, Kelly. You are the best thing that has happened to me since Mom...", Jan cried.

"Honey, I know it's been rough, losing your mom, having no one to talk to for so long, and then having your dad marry a woman who is more your age than his, who tries to give you advice that you don't want."

"No... I'm sorry for the things I said and... oh... really... Can I explain?", Janet said.

"Sure, Jan, I'll be glad to listen, any time about any thing", Kelley said, dabbing at her nose again.

"Well, I was with this boy, well... this creep I used to like. In his car, after school, well... we were kissing and... you know... just... fooling around and things were getting... you know. Well, Bobby, that's his name, Bobby, well... he started.... uh... feeling my breasts... and... oh God".

Kelly hugged Jan again and said, "Go on, Honey, I know, I've been there too."

Janet continued, "Well, that wasn't so bad... Was it?... I didn't do any..." At Kelly's nod she went on, "He took my hand and... put it... on hi... He put my hand on his penis" she finished in a rush. 

"Wow", was all Kelly could think of to say. 

"Oh yeah... and that wasn't all... he asked me to take it out and... and... he called it... 'jack off'... he wanted me to... jack him off... Ohhh... I've never done that... never touched a... When I jerked back and told him NO, he screamed at me, and called me a.... 'cock teasing bitch', and a 'dumb cunt'. He said I was just a stupid kid and told me he was going to find a girl who *would* do what he wanted... I was so... so... hurt that I ran all the way home.... By the time I got here I was so damned angry at him... the world... and then... you... I didn't really mean to call you those names and... you know... God..."

Kelly blew out her breath... "Damn, I see why you were upset. Well, at least now you know what can happen with some guys, but remember there are a lot of nice guys out there too."

Pulling her to her feet she stroked Jan's short, blonde hair with both hands and cupped her sweet, elfin face, wiping away an errant tear with her thumb. She said with a smile, "Don't worry Darling, you deserve better than that jerk. As far as what you said to me... all's forgiven, we'll chalk it up to temporary insanity. Now go wash your face and lie down for a while... chill out, I've got to pull myself together too and figure out what to fix for dinner... Ok?... Go, honey" 

She turned Jan around and gave her a light pat on the butt to get her to go. Jan spun around and hugged Kelly and gave her a kiss on the cheek. A first.

"Ok Kelly and... thanks", she smiled, and walked lightly out of the room as only a teenager can.

"Damn," Kelly thought. She had been worried that she had lost the little ground she had gained since she had married Dave, Janet's father, 5 months ago. She had been so happy when Janet had finally started talking to her as though she were a friend. She knew it must have been traumatic to Jan, losing her mom when she was just 7. Being raised by a man.... they know nothing of what knowledge young girls need! 11 years later having her father bring Kelly home and tell the girl that they were going to marry. It must have been especially trying since the new bride was only 29, just 11 years older than Janet. Jan's father was 35. 

Chapter 2

When Dave came home he told Kelly that he had to leave on a trip in about three hours and would be gone for almost a week. Well, Kelly took him, grinning, right into the bedroom to make sure that he remembered he was a married man while he was gone. 

After dinner and after Dave had left, the house settled down to quiet.

Kelly thought she had better see if Jan was alright. After their happy parting in the bedroom earlier, she had acted a little withdrawn at supper, answering in mono-tones and excusing herself quickly after the meal and disappearing into her room. 

She mounted the stairs and as she approached the door, she heard Jan's frustrated cry "Ooohh... Damnnnn!" 

Kelly tapped on the door and when no answer came she opened it and peeked inside. Janet was not in the room but she could hear water splashing in her bathroom and a low moaning. Fearing that Janet had fallen in the tub, Kelly opened the door and looked in.

Janet was in the tub, her beautiful face was creased in a frown, her left hand was squeezing her pert right breast, pinching the nipple while her right was holding a wash cloth wadded tightly against her mound, her hips rising and falling against it, making the splashing sounds. Her lithe young body was beautiful. Her budding breasts were just a nice hand full, her waist tapered down, past her tiny 'inny' belly button and then out to her flaring hips and long shapely legs which were now stiffened as if in agony. She was moaning and breathing hard.

Kelly gasped and clutched at her own, suddenly 'wet,' tingling mound. Janet must have heard her and opened her eyes. She saw her standing there and jumped. Kelly said, "Oh God, Jan... I'm sorry... I heard you and thought... Oh God..." She ran out of the room.

Oh, Shit... Kelly was really shaken. Talk about instant turn on. Wow! Seeing the 18 year old girl in the throes of sexual heat had really gotten to her... She thought that if she hadn't just have had sex with Dave, she would have had to go finger herself to a wild climax. That was a wild scene in the bathroom. Shit, she might have to do it anyway. Kelly had always been aroused very easily which was why she and Dave had such a great sex life. He could make her get creamy just by looking at her in a certain way.

Later she took a shower (No, she didn't. She had cooled down by then). Kelly, agonized over the events earlier and finally *had* to see if Janet was alright... again... 

Dressed in shorty nightgown with matching panties, She went to Jan's bedroom door, tapped lightly and said, in a low voice, "... Jan..." There was no answer so she repeated it. 

Finally, she heard Janet reply in a strained voice, "Come in."

She opened the door and peeked around it. Only her little bedside lamp was on. Janet was lying on top of the covers, on her side, in a loose fetal position, facing away from the door. There was a large 'teddy bear' laying on the other pillow. Janet had on her usual night wear, one of her father's T-shirts and white cotton panties with little yellow flowers on them. They cupped her young butt pulling into the crease, separating the cheeks, deliciously. 

Kelly said quietly, "I'm so sorry that I disturbed you... earlier... I wanted to see if you were OK... and then I heard noises and thought you might have fallen in the tub... When I saw... you... doing... well... I should have knocked. I'm really sorry that I... uh... interrupted you... in the bath." When there was no response she started to close the door.

"Wait!" Janet said. "Please..."

Kelley saw she was trembling and on the verge of crying so she came in and shut the door. 

"What is it... What can I do, Honey?" She went to the bed and sat next to her and put her hand on her arm. Sitting up Janet threw her arms around her and cried into Kelly's breast...

"Oh, Kelly, I'm so... I think I'm going crazy sometimes"... sob... sob, "I get these feelings... hot... like with Bob... Bob... Bobby and I don... don't know what to do... do... about them."

Kelly turned and laid Janet down. Jan turned on her side, facing away from Kelly sobbing her heart out. Kelly lay down behind her, put her left arm under Jan's neck and around and held her right shoulder with her hand. She put her right hand on Jan's stomach and hugged her from the back, 'spoon' fashion. 

"What has happened, Honey, I thought things were all ok... was it my... seeing you... in your bath..."

Jan interrupted her saying, "No... no... well partly... I'm so ashamed... I can't stand it." She reached up and gripped Kellys forearm where it was under her chin and squeezed and started crying again and twisting her body.

Kelly started rocking her as before and rubbing her tummy, whispering in her ear again, and again..."It's Ok, Jan... what ever is wrong we can fix it... Shhh... just relax and tell me what happened now, Hon..."

Janet quieted down and slowly quit sobbing and started breathing easier. She was silent so long that Kelly thought maybe she had gone to sleep. Kelly still rocked her and rubbed her belly.

Finally Janet started talking. In a soft voice. She told Kelly that awhile after her dad got home she was going to ask him something and went looking for him and finally walked up to the partially open bedroom door... 

Oh God, Kelly thought, she saw us having sex.

Sure enough. Janet said, in a whisper, "I saw you and daddy naked, on the bed. You... had his... his penis... in your... hand... stroking it up and down. His fingers were... in... your... Oh, Damn, it felt like... my stomach ... oh God... then he said, 'I've got to...' Well, you know... He moved... on... on top of you..." Here, her hips started to move back and forth, bumping Kelly's hips, and she was squeezing her legs together, hard.

Getting more and more agitated she added, "Then... he... put it in... you down... down there... oh, I couldn't stand up... it felt like I was going to pee my pants. It felt so strange... I... I turned and almost fell... I almost crawled up to my room. My body felt so strange... like it is now... all hot and tense and... quivering!... and I didn't know whhhat to dooo!!!"

She trembled violently.

"After awhile I calmed down and you called that dinner was ready. I thought the distraction would make it go away... this feeling I had... that I had a big balloon down between my legs and it was going to... burst. Food wasn't the answer... oh, damn, I couldn't quit *thinking* of you two together... it was tormenting me, so much, I had to leave the table."

She was twisting and turning and finally she put both hands down between her legs cupping her vagina and moaning, "That's when I got in the tub. I... was all hot and wet... sticky... like now... and I thought something was wrong... I started wash... washing... myself... oh damn.... down *there*... and suddenly I saw stars and sparks... Oh, I don't know what's wrong, I don't know what to do... I feel like I'm going to explode... OHHhhhhh... what's wrong with meeee. I'm so scared..."

Oh, my God, Kelly thought. Janet needs to masturbate but doesn't know how to do it or anything about it. The girl was twisting and moaning and was in, if only mental pain. She was twisting and turning, bumping Kelly with her hip movements. 

...Kelly... Kelly... should you be doing this??? NO you should not! But... she *had* to help Janet. She had to end the teen's torment. She had to show her what to do!!

Kelly took a deep breath and then started soothing her again, only this time she did it differently. She let her left hand move from the girl's shoulder down to her right breast. She cupped it and squeezed it marvelling at the fullness of it, She pinched the already hard nipple and molded the breast with her hand. It felt hot even through the Tee shirt, and... surprisingly good. She loved teasing her own breasts this way too. 

"Oh, Damn, I know I shouldn't be doing this!" she thought to herself.

"OH... Yes Oh God, touch me... Pinch it hard like that... oohh yeesss", said Jan as she moved her left hand up to grab Kelly's hand and press it harder on her tit. Kelly slipped her right hand down, under Jan's hand, under the front of her panties and into her pubic hair.  Kelly slid her palm down over the very wet vagina. 

"Aaaaahhhh... yeahhh... There too!", moaned Janet. 

"Oh, yeahhhhh," echoed Kelly to herself... "It feels so fucking good to me too. The slippery, juicy wetness." Kelly loved to play with herself almost as much as getting fucked. 

Kelly cupped Jan's cunt and then let her middle finger part the engorged labia, sliding into the opening. It was hot, wet, and slick. Janet screamed, "Gggaaaaaaaaaaa..." Kelly then hooked her finger downward and dragged it upwards until she could feel her clit at the base of her finger. Then she started rubbing her now slippery hand around in a small circle, then up and down, her finger delving deeper and deeper into the virgin hole. Jan's other hand clamped on Kelly's and followed what she was doing to her cunt. She also pushed her hips back so that her ass cheeks were grinding against Kelly's mons causing Kelly to reciprocate, tilting her hips and pressing up against the yielding butt in front of her.

It took only about four or five seconds before Janet's body went rigid and then started shaking. "OOOoooooohhhhhhhh... what's hap... pening... to me? AAAAh... Daammnnnn... what is it...?" 

Kelly told her, "Don't worry Honey... That's your clit right there."

"Oh, Shit... It's 'thrilling'... that's the ooohh... only wayyyy... to describe it... Oh,... so goooodd... Oooohhh sshhhit... something is going... AAaaaaaahhhhhrrrrrgggg!!!"

"Yes, Yes... it's good... Do it Honey... Do it... You're *cumming* ... Climaxing... Enjoy it... Cum... cum for me... Janet." She felt Janet's cunt gushing against her working hand and was surprised at the liquid this girl was putting out. She kept talking and squeezing her tit hard and fingered her ruthlessly, rubbing her clit hard too. "Cum for me!... Cum all over my hand, Honey!!!"

Jan twitched and shuddered... Screaming and humping Kelly's hand and the invading finger... Twitched... convulsed... "Oooohhhhhhh... damn".

Kelly kept fingering and stimulating her pussy and clit... slowing and slowing. Bringing her back easy, not wanting to stop too soon. For her part, she was still pressing against Jan's ass... *She* wasn't able to come down... not yet.

Janet finally came down to earth... Breathing very heavy and moaning. 

Finally she was quiet. 

"Ohhh Kelly... Oh, Kelly... thank you... oh thank you, thank you. Ohhh... That was so... great... Ohhhh, yeah... that was awesome... ohh... So that was cumming!!... Wow... GREAT!! Mmmmmmmm.... yesssss. I want a lot more of that!!"

Kelly slowly disentangled herself and pulled her hand out of Janet's panties. She had mixed emotions about this. On the one hand she was glad that Janet was feeling better, and had had her first *cum*... and that it had been by Kelly's hand that she did it. But yet... Yet it was so wrong. Very wrong. God... what now.

Janet was still thanking her profusely and finally sat up and kissed Kelly deeply, solidly on the lips. Then realizing what she had done she blushed and apologized. 

Kelly looked at her and burst out laughing. 

Flustered, Janet said, "What's wrong?"

"I just fingerfucked you to your first orgasm and *you* apologize for *kissing* me?" laughed Kelly. 

Janet laughed and said, "Oh, Kelly, I *love* you... and... I love... *IT*... I'm never going to forget this night... Ever! Ohh... WOW!!!" 

Kelly thought to herself... 'Yeah... you and me both!' Besides feeling she had made a terrible mistake, she also was so fucking horny she was going to have to go play with herself and cum for an hour!

Chapter 3

She told Janet she would get a wash cloth and clean her up. She went into Janet's bath. She rinsed a cloth in hot water. Looking in the mirror, at her auburn framed face she thought, 'you look the same but you know different, don't you. Things will never be the same between you and Jan again. Oh, well... I might as well clean her up... I helped get her 'dirty'. She laughed a little at that... God she had to hurry. She was *very* wet now.

Janet was taking off her T-shirt, pulling it over her head as Kelly returned. Kelly stopped as Janet's breasts came into view. She groaned inwardly. They were small but beautiful. She suddenly remembered Debbie's breasts. Deb had been her best and only friend in school. Deb's breasts were like this... a nice teenager's handful. They had been only 18 when they had finally 'experimented' with mutual masturbation, fingering each other. It had only happened that one time. Deb's family was moving, that was how it happened. They had started kissing 'goodbye', got aroused and it just... happened, feeling each other's body pressing together... then caressing the other's breasts as they stared into each others eyes. Then the fingering and more kissing, then... two explosive climaxes. She had never seen Debbie again. Kelly had never tried it again with another girl.... 'till now, that is.....

As Janet fell back on the bed, dropping the shirt to the floor, Kelly came awake and moved forward. She was just going to hand Jan the cloth and leave and go fuck her fingers *raw!* But then Jan lifted her hips and slid her panties down. The crotch was so wet that it stuck and her panties turned inside out as they left her sticky loins. Then raising her legs, bending her knees apart, pulled them off her feet. This opened her cunt to Kelly's gaze. Kelly almost swooned. 
