 Jane's story:

Well, to make a long story short, my best friend Karen and I have been doing Lesbian sex with each other since we both turned 18. It started by just talking about sex in general, boys at school we'd like to fuck and what we do when we masturbate, and stuff like that. Then we started looking at internet porn together and masturbating to it. Then we progressed to making out and fondling each other which in turn led to fingering each other while looking at porn—and then getting naked in bed and doing everything that we saw the naughty women on the net do.

Then one day Karen told me to come over to her place the coming Saturday morning because her mom was going to be gone all day and we could have lots of fun together all day long. She told me to dress up like a school girl and we could do some teacher-student or mommy-daughter role playing. That sounded real hot to me because I'd always been oh, so-o-o turned on by those kinds of stories on the Literotica site. I'm so petite and everything, with freckles dotting my face, and Karen is so much taller and more filled out than I, so I thought we'd make a perfect student-teacher or mother-daughter fantasy pair.

So, I put my red hair up into pigtails, slipped on a thin, white T-shirt, wriggled my pert little ass into a tiny plaid school girl's skirt I'd had since the seventh grade, slipped on a pair of white tube socks and white sneakers, and stepped out of the house with no bra and no panties on underneath. Feeling my excitement mount, and my pussy getting hungry, I hurried over to Karen's house which was only a couple of blocks away.

I rang the doorbell—and then waited for Karen to answer as my excitement continued to mount and my dirty mind already fantasizing about all the sex games we could play with the house all to ourselves, the porn watching, the tribbing, and the pussy licking, and role-playing we were going to do. 

The door opened, but instead of Karen, it was her mom! I was shocked speechless—not just because I'd expected her mom to be gone, but because of the way her mom was dressed. Now, to be honest, I'd always thought Karen's mom to be sexy, and I have to admit I'd often masturbated thinking about her—but today she looked sexier than ever.

Like Karen, she was a tall, busty blonde—only she was even taller and bustier than her daughter. On top she had on a thin, white blouse half undone exposing much of her huge bra-less tits. The thin, nearly transparent material of her blouse clung tightly to her erect pencil eraser nipples. The blouse was tucked into a bright red latex micro mini so short it left a hint of white panty exposed below the hem. Tightly stretched garter straps secured a pair of beige nylons caressing her shapely legs and feet tucked into a pair of four-inch red heels. All I could think of was OMG how utterly porn! I was too stunned to even speak.

Karen's mom seemed to sense my shock and discomfort, so she did the speaking for me. "I'm sorry, Janie dear, but Karen's father picked her up this morning for the weekend. Visitation rights, you know. But won't you please come in anyway?"

Still speechless I could do nothing but comply as she continued holding the door open for me. Passing through the doorway I was so close to her I could feel the sexy heat of her body emanating out and on to my skin. The scent of her perfume and womanly musk excited me even more. She put her hand on the small of my back as if to help me through the doorway.

As she closed the door I turned to face her, my eyes about level with her unbelievable tits. 

She saw the way I was looking at her and smiled down at me. She licked her lips and said, "would you like some . . . uh . . . lemonade?" 

"S-s-s-sure, Mrs. Smith." I wasn't about to say no, I wanna go home.

Karen's mom took me by the hand and led me to a tiny table in the kitchen. This was a table where Karen and I used to sit at to have lunches, lemonade, and snacks and stuff when we were little kids. After Karen had grown too big for this table, they had put it away somewhere, so this was the first time I'd seen it in years, and it kind of surprised me to see it out in the kitchen today. (I was to find out why before the day was over).

The table was only about two feet high, and the two little chairs at either end only a foot high at the seat. So when she sat me down in my way-too-small of a school-girl's skirt just about everything was exposed.

I was shocked and excited to see how Karen's mom looked down between my legs as I sat down. I could tell she was starring right at my exposed bald pussy. Her tongue briefly slipped out from between her lips, then she seemed to collect herself and smiled at me. And, since she seemed to be enjoying looking down between my legs at my bald little pussy, I decided to remain sitting that way with my knees pointed outward towards her to give her the best view possible--all the while maintaining my "innocent little girl" look.

She bent over to pat me on the head—with her OMG tits dangling practically in my face. And it was totally all I could do to keep from diving right in.

"That's a good little girl," she said patting me on the head again. "Wait right here and I'll be right back with your lemonade."

She went to the cupboard and reached up high to grab a glass—the move causing her skimpy skirt to lift up showing me part of her panty-covered ass. She sat the glass on the counter and reached up to grab another one giving me another nice view of her sexy white panties. 

Setting the second glass next to the first on the counter she turned back around to catch me staring at her. She smiled and went to the fridge for some ice. She had one of these fridges where the freezer on is on the bottom so she had to bend over to reach in. This pulled her micro mini all the way up so I got to admire not only all of her ass—but could even see between her legs to where her cunt was—and the hint of wetness there on the lower crotch of her panties. Which, of course, made me get even wetter and more excited than I already was. Such a thrill it was, to be able stare up under her like that into her most forbidden areas. Yeah, to be able to look right up under there to the private areas of this beautiful, voluptuous older woman--and by best friend's mom at that!

She stood up with the ice tray, closed the freezer door, turned around again to find me still staring bug-eyed at her. She smiled again, licked her lips and said, "this is going to be real yummy."

Returning to the sink counter, she began plopping ice cubes into the glasses. Then she dropped an ice cube on the floor. "Ooops!" she said as she bent over to pick it up with her legs slightly parted. Now her skirt was all the way up over her hips, her entire panty-covered ass and cunt exposed to my view only a few feet away. A much better view than I had when she was at the fridge--and much closer. As she grabbed hold of the ice cube she looked back between her legs to catch me drooling over her again. 

She grinned broadly at me and said, "got the slippery little sucker. These ice cubes are so wet and slippery, you know." She playfully wriggled her ass back and forth and then stood up and tossed that cube into the sink.

She poured the lemonade and brought the two glasses over to the little table. She bent over with her tits practically hanging out of her blouse right in front of my face so she could set her own glass down on the little table, then leaning over even more towards me with her tits so close I could see my breath make little goose bumps on her cleavage, she handed me my glass.

With trembling hands I reached out to grab the glass without taking my eyes off her unbelievable and most tempting tits. My hands clasped around hers still holding on to the glass. She bent forward a tad more to plant a chaste motherly kiss on the top of my head. And it was all I could do to keep from kissing her cleavage only inches from my face. Instead, all I could do was inhale the heavenly aroma of her perfume and of her skin.

Then, instead of sitting on the opposite side of the little table, she pulled the other tiny chair out and sat down at the side of the table right next to me. Watching this tall, leggy, voluptuous woman sit down on such a tiny chair in her way-too-small-for-her latex skirt was a sight to behold. And behold I did! Like wow! The way that tiny, tight skirt slid all the way up passed her ass and hips . . . ummmm! 

The chair was so small for her that her knees were pointing way up much higher than her hips and ass—which just exposed more of her gorgeous legs all the way to her panties. And she had positioned her chair so close to me that her chins were almost touching my thigh—so close I could feel the heat of her against my skin.

The way her completely exposed garter straps stretched around her upper thighs, hips, and ass looked just so fucking sexy. I wanted to reach my hands out and tug on those straps and then release them, letting them make slap sounds against her sexy thigh flesh. 

Smiling at me, she slowly crossed her legs allowing me the opportunity to look right up between her thighs to the crotch of her panties. And the growing wet spot there made my own bald cunt gurgle with horny need. My mouth was so dry I gulped down most of my lemonade—but without taking my eyes off of her.

The lower part of her now crossed leg now fit right under my thigh. Smiling at me with her eyes she sipped her lemonade while pulsing her lower leg—and with each pulse her lower leg touched against the under side of my thigh and her foot touched my calf. 

Bending forward to set her glass back down on the table, her giant boobs jiggled right in front of me as they struggled to break free of her tight blouse. And, OMG how I wished I could dive right in!

After setting her glass down, she leaned back in the little chair and slightly lifted the leg she had crossed over the other one. This gave me another opportunity to look up between her thighs and catch a glimpse of her white panties. She pretended to fiddle with her garter straps then letting her shoe drop to the floor she lifted her leg up a little higher straightening it out so that the lower portion extended out right in front of me directly above my own lap. And OMG, her sexy, curvaceous leg was so close to me I could smell the texture of her stockings. 

She ran her hands up and down her shapely leg as if to smooth out her stocking while looking at me—with the tip of her tongue peeking just outside her lips. And I couldn't make up my mind whether to stare up between her legs at her white panties, her gorgeous leg right in front me and so close it was practically touching me, or her beautiful face looking at me so smokely, or her awesome tits.

Seeing the way I was drooling into my now nearly empty glass of lemonade she said, "Do you like my stockings? I bought them just the other day at the mall?"

"Y-y-y-yes. They're really sexy."

She smiled at me. "Then go ahead and feel just how really silky and smooth they are."

Needing no further invitation I put my lemonade glass down and let my trembling hands slowly gravitate to her leg. When I touched her the feeling was almost electric. With her smiling encouragement, I began running my hands up and down her leg relishing the womanly curve of it, the fullness of it, and the sexy smooth feel of her stocking.

As I stroked her she leaned back again in the chair and heaved a sigh. She took a deep breath causing her chest to expand thrusting her tits out like a pair of cannons shooting right at me. Her nipples, already tenting her thin blouse seemed to grow even bigger with my fondling of her leg, which gave me new thrills.

"Would you like to have a pair of stockings for yourself—just like mine?"

"Y-y-y-yes, That'd be really cool and sexy. But I've never worn stockings before. I wouldn't know—"

"That's alright sweety. If you'd like we can go to the mall and I'll help you pick out a pair, then we can come back and you can try them on." 

"Cool."

She removed her sexy leg from my fondling hands and sat back up with both feet on the floor. "But first, I'd like you stand up . . . so I can get an idea of what size you should wear."

Facing her, I stood up between her knees. She reached her hands back around to grab my ass. "Here, move in a little closer," she said pulling me forward. I was now right between her long thighs, she squeezed them tightly against the outsides of my legs, her sexy stockings caressing my naked flesh. Then bending forward so I could look down her blouse at her gorgeous tits, she began to run her hands up and down my legs, first one, then the other. She did it nice and slow, even fondling me as I drooled over her tits.

"Such cute little legs you have, a couple of sizes smaller even than my daughter." Then she fondled the hem of my school girl's skirt. "And such a cute little girl's skirt." Her face only inches from my crotch, she blew out strongly ruffling my skirt. And OMG did that turn me on!

"Why don't you turn around, sweetie, and let me see the rest of it?" With her hands on my hips she helped me turn around. The sexy sound and feel of my naked legs rubbing against her sexy nylon cloaked ones adding to my growing excitement. 

She continued fondling the hem of my too-tiny of a skirt, her face so close to my ass I could feel her hot, heavy breathing raising goose bumps on my butt cheeks. Suddenly she lifted up the rear of my skirt. "Ummm, and no panties. You naughty little girl you." She giggled and gave my bare butt a playful slap, making me giggle too—while my pussy began to dribble girl goo that I was sure she could see beginning to run down my leg.

She stood up behind me wrapped her arms around me, her body pressed up against mine. Her huge tits practically cradling my head. "You wanna go to the mall now and buy your stockings?"

"Sure."

"And while were there, maybe we can do some flashing. It'll be lots of fun . . . flashing at strangers. Would you like that?"

"Yeah." I giggled.

With her arm around me, she walked me to her car and opened the passenger's side door for me—and watched as I sat down with my tiny school girl's skirt sliding up. I purposely let my legs part as I swung myself into the car seat, just loving the way this beautiful, voluptuous, mature lady was letting eyes zero in on my exposed, shaved cunt.

She licked her lips, then giggling said, "looks like you already know how to flash, you naughty little girl you. Flash that bald pussy at the mall and you'll be sure to drive people crazy."

"I hope so." I giggled as she closed the door for me.

She walked around to the driver's side, opened the door and said, "now it's my turn to do a little flashing."

Of course I wished I could've been on the other side of the car to watch as her legs parted. But even so it was quite a view. As she swung her body into the car and positioned herself behind the steering wheel she let her skirt slide up to her hips. I could only sit there and drool over the creamy flesh of her upper thighs as not only were the tops of her nylons completely exposed, but her garter straps all the way up to her hips. I could even see the white of her panties peeking out. 

Seeing the way I was drooling over her, she smiled, winked, and hiked her skirt up another inch. "Let's see how daring we can be as we drive to the mall," she said. "If people only knew how much we were exposing—we'd probably get arrested."

Taking the cue from her I hiked my own skirt up even higher so that should anyone peek in through the car window they'd be able to see my bald clam.

"Now that you're 18," she said, "do you ever, y'know, think about sex much?"

I blushed, not ready to admit how much I thought about sex, much less that I'd been doing it with her daughter. 

As if reading my mind she patted my thigh and said, "don't be so she. When I was your age I thought about sex all the time. I used to masturbate almost every night I was so horny all the time." 

"R-r-r-really?" Hear this adult woman, old enough to be my mother, talking about being horny and masturbating made my bald little pussy almost gurgle with hunger.

"Yeah, we can talk about it somewhere when we get back from the mall." She inched her hand a little higher up my thigh giving it an affectionate rub before returning her hand to the steering wheel. 

When we arrived at the mall, she parked, then placing her hand on my bare thigh (a little higher up than before), and turned to me and smiled. "Well, here we are sweety, let's go inside and see how much attention we can attract.

Hand-in-hand we strolled into one of the department stores where she purchased a pair of nylons for me and a garter belt. Then she took me to a shoe store to purchase a pair of heels. I thought it was extremely exciting the way the attractive saleslady kept looking up between my legs as she sat before me fondling my feet as she tried several different pairs on me. With Jane's mom sitting right next to me with her own skirt hiked up high the saleslady kept looking from one of us to the other probably thinking we were a mother-daughter pair.

Not that we didn't do our own looking at the saleslady. She was a real looker, wearing a tight, low-cut blouse that really accentuated her nice tits (bigger than mine, but not quite as big as Karen's mom. She also had on a sexy, tight mini skirt along with heels and hose, and every time she squatted down in front of me with a new pair of shoes, her own miniskirt hiked up to her ass exposing her thighs all the way up—and from my angle I could see all the way between her legs up to her beautiful white panties—panties that got increasingly wet as the session wore on. And as she bent forward to slip a shoe on to one of my feet, her low-cut blouse allowed me to see most of her gorgeous almost-as-big-as-Karen's-mom's knockers. 

After purchasing the shoes we strolled to the center of the mall and sat on one of the benches where we could let our skirts hike up nice and high and where we could cross and recross our legs as we pretended to examine the merchandise we had just bought. Every time a sexily-dressed woman or girl would pass by, Jane's mom would call my attention to her, commenting about how sexy a certain article of clothing was, or even a certain body part. And all of that sexy banter continued to make me hornier and hornier.

And whenever we noticed someone looking at us—male or female—we'd part our thighs a bit as we recrossed our legs causing a lot of mouths to drop open in near shock.

On the drive home Karen's mom made jokes about everyone looking at us when we flashed. "Bet they thought we were a mother-daughter team," she said

"It was fun, teasing everybody like that," I said with a giggle. Hell, it made me so friggin' horny I wanted to fuck everyone who looked at us, male or female."

As if reading my mind, she said, "Being done by a mother-daughter team is just about everyone's fantasy, male or female. I bet they'll all go home and masturbate over it while thinking about the way we flashed them."

"Cool," I said.

"Janie, do you ever masturbate. Y'know, it's really good for you. It relieves tension and everything."

"Yeah, sometimes."

"What do you think about when you do it? Do you ever think about with another woman? . . . Don't be bashful now," She placed her hand on my thigh. "It's normal."

"Y-y-y-yeah, sometimes."

"That's good, because I do too--a lot. Even though I'm married. But the way my husband travels for business all the time . . . y'know I get so friggin' horny all the time, so I just gotta get my self off once in a while, if you know what I mean." She rubbed my thigh again, letting her hand move up a bit more.

"That's cool." Actually, I thought that's fuckin' hot.
