 "Aunt Janet, I'm going for a hot shower," Teri said as the movie ended. "Want to join me?" She got up from the couch and stretched her arms over her head, her tits pushed her T-shirt out as it rode up exposing her bare navel and tiny bikini panties. It was Saturday and everyone else was away for the weekend. My 28 year old niece, I'm 51, and I had decided to spend the evening at home watching TV. The main reason: neither one of us had any plans.

"Sounds inviting," I said. "You get started while I clean up." I watched her head up the stairs, her long legs were tanned and slim, her bare feet padded on the carpet. Then I picked up the empty popcorn bowls and soda glasses and went to the kitchen. The movie we rented was sexy with lots of nudity and fucking. Teri and I had been lying on each end of our large living room couch. My hand had slipped down between my legs a few times during the really hot scenes, and I could tell from Teri's squirming that she was enjoying herself too. By the end of the movie, I was definitely turned on and wet. I knew from Teri's suggestion of the shower that she was as horny as I was. 

Taking a shower together was not unusual; we loved being naked and touching each other. When we were younger, it was innocent, Aunt, Niece stuff, inquisitive fingers exploring under a nightgown or a bathing suit. But, there were times when it went a lot further. Like the first time Teri made out with a boy. She raced home to tell me. I wanted to know how it felt so she showed me. From then on, we would practice our kissing techniques on each other when we were alone. Sometimes I wondered which I liked more, making out with my Niece or my boyfriends or my husband. 

We shared a large bedroom when Teri stayed over with two beds, but in the winter we often slept together when my husband was gone, which was every week and sometimes for a whole month or longer. Many nights, we would snuggle up to each other to get warm and our hands would wander, caress, and search. It was so erotic to fall asleep with our bodies entwined and my hand between Teri's legs or hers on my tits. One night, I woke up to feel her finger in my pussy. She must have been having a very wet dream; she was fingering me in her sleep. I thought it was so adorable and returned the favor, awakening her from her slumber with a warm, wet orgasm. 

The memory sent a tingle down between my legs as I finished cleaning up the kitchen and headed up stairs to our huge bathroom. It had a whirlpool and double-headed shower. I could see Teri through the steamy glass shower doors. She had her head tilted back letting the hot water wash over her face. Her small tits were little cones that stood straight out. As she turned around, I could see the V-shaped patch of hair over her pussy that pointed like an arrow to her cunt. I had trimmed it for her only a few days before and called it my "get to the fucking point" design. 

I pulled my T-shirt over my head and pushed my panties down my legs. My pussy was still damp from playing with myself while watching the sexy movie. Sliding the glass door open, I stepped inside as the steam rushed up and surrounded me. "We need a wash cloth," I said, turning to get one. 

"Wait, Aunt Janet." Teri held my arm. "Just your hands."

"You're such a bad girl," I said as she pulled me into the two streams of water. 

Teri handed me a bar of soap and turned to face the marble wall. "Do my back." I lathered up my hands and rubbed them in big circles over her back starting at her shoulders and working my way down. Teri leaned forward placing her hands on the wall; her head faced down between her arms as the hot water sprayed over her. I increased my circles to include her ribs and hips, letting my hands reach around to sweep over her tits. Every second or third time, I would stop on her nipples and give them extra attention and they hardened at my touch. I ran my hands along her arms stopping to gently clean her underarms. My niece was very sensitive there and had told me that when I kissed or caressed her underarms, it sent sparks shooting down to her pussy. I hoped it was working now. 

From there, I lathered up the soap again and worked my way down to her ass. And what a thing of beauty: tight and perfectly shaped. Teri's clothes clung so nicely to it; I know because I watched it just as much as everyone else did when she walked down the hall at the malls. Teri and I loved to play little sexy games when we were in public. Like at the mall, we would go into a stall in the bathroom and finger each other. Then we would switch panties. During the next mall, I would push the wet crotch of her panties in me. What a turn-on it was to smell her pussy on my fingers and know her warm girl-cum was mixing with mine. 

We were always seeing how much we could get away with. Once in a crowded elevator on our way up to our office, I was squeezed in close behind Teri. Without anyone knowing, she reached behind and slipped her hand under my mini-skirt. By the time I realized what she was doing, her finger was around the edge of my panties and into my pussy. I was so flushed I almost fainted. As the doors opened and we stepped out, she licked her finger. "My favorite flavor," she said with a wink. I was destroyed for the rest of the afternoon. 

But I always got her back. Like the time our family sat at the table eating dinner and our uncle was discussing some important school event with Teri. I sat across from my niece, and while she tried to talk, I slipped my bare foot up between her legs and rubbed her pussy with my big toe. Paybacks are hell, I thought, as I watched her squirm. 

As the hot water created a steam cloud wrapping itself around us, I leaned forward and kissed Teri's back. Then I lathered up again and rubbing her beautiful ass. Running my slippery hand up and down her crack, I could tell she was getting aroused. Her breathing deepened and she spread her legs for me. "Get it really clean," Teri said, smiling over her shoulder. "Expecting company?" I asked. "Only that nasty little tongue of yours."

"My, aren't we horny tonight." I squatted down and ran my soapy hands along her legs enjoying the feel of her soft inner thighs. While I stroked them, my eyes never left that gorgeous ass right in front of my face, particularly her puckered little asshole. It looked like a small flower and I remembered the first time I saw it up close. We were in bed one night exploring each other's bodies using only the glow of a flashlight. Teri lay on her stomach and stuck her ass up. 

She reached back and spread her cheeks so I could see her asshole, asking me what it looked like. I told her I thought it was the most beautiful thing in the world, next to her pussy and tits of course. That night we spent hours just sniffing and licking each other's asses. I continued washing Teri's legs working my way up until I was stroking her pussy from behind. She moaned at my touch. Then I took my thumbnail and softly scratched her ass causing an immediate contraction of her cheeks. I pushed the tip of my thumb against her little asshole until her muscles relaxed, and then let it slide in about the depth of my nail. 

Teri responded by pushing back trying to force it in further. With my thumb inside her, I stood up and let my hips press up against her ass. Spreading my legs slightly, I brought my pussy against the back of my hand and started a slow pumping rhythm as my thumb slid in and out of her while I massaged her cunt. Next, I leaned over so my 36c tits lay against her back. I reached my other hand around and cupped her left tit, taking her swollen nipple between my fingers and giving it a firm squeeze. I pushed my pussy against my hand forcing my thumb up inside her ass as far as it would go. 

"Fuck, that feels so good Aunt Janet" she managed to say as she met my thrusts. "Just the right size." Her words were slurred as her breathing quickened, her body trembled, her stomach sucked in and out. I know my Niece well, she was going to come fast and hard. I loved the feel of my cunt pressing against my hand, but right then I was thinking only of her; all I wanted was to make her come. 

"Fuck, Teri, if I only had a cock, I could give you a fantastic fuck." She climaxed with a shudder; gritting her teeth and jerking her head up and back. She made a low moaning sound as she closed her eyes, the steaming water washing over us. I slowed my thrusts and tried to support Teri to keep her from sinking to the floor; her legs shaking, her body limp. Slowly she recovered and caught her breath. As I took my thumb out of her, I gave her pussy a few loving strokes and covered her back and neck with kisses. She straightened and turned around, her eyes glazed over with sex. Teri wrapped her arms around my neck and locked her mouth on mine, her tongue shot out in a hot, wet kiss.

It was not a sisterly peck but a passionate, "Fuck me" kiss. Our tit's pressed together wet and slippery, soft and wonderful. We shifted slightly so our pussies could grind against each other's thighs, our hips moved in a wanton, lustful motion. Finally, we broke the embrace and I took Teri by the hand. 

"Let's dry off and go to bed," I said. "Is that a proposition you whore?" she asked with a giggle. "Let's just say I heard you were an easy Fuck and suck a slut." She kissed me again while she slid her hand down my stomach to my pussy, her middle finger resting between my cunt lips. Then she whispered into my ear, "We're wasting time talking when we could be Fucking each other, whore." 

Shutting off the water, we opened the glass doors and stepped out. Teri grabbed two large towels and we dried each other off. I was so turned on I wanted to pull her to the floor and go down on her right there. But before I could, Teri threw her towel over my head. "So you think I'm an easy Fuck, do you? Well, Aunt Janet, if you want to fuck me, you've got to catch me first." 

With that, she ran out the door and down the hall. Tossing the towel aside, I raced after her, thoroughly enjoying her girlish laughter and the sight of her bouncing ass and long legs as she disappeared around a corner. Down the stairs we ran, two naked women chasing each other like dogs in heat. The sight would have given any man an instant hard-on and any girl a wet pussy. We raced around, me catching her only to have Teri slip out of my grasp and sprint to the next room. Finally, she ran back up the stairs, heading for our room and the king size bed. By the time I caught up, Teri had yanked the covers off and threw them to the side.

Then she scrambled onto the bed and positioned herself with her back to the headboard. I stopped a few feet away to catch my breath. 

"Is there something you wanted, young lady?" she said nonchalant as if she had just noticed me for the first time. I squatted down with my arms resting on my knees. Then I slowly ran my hands along the inside of my thighs until they were at my pussy. Teri kept her gaze locked on the spot between my legs as I spread myself open. I was so wet that when the cool air hit my cunt, it gave me a rush. We liked to use our big bed when everyone was out of town for whatever reason. We would fill the room with the sweet scent of our lovemaking and I often wondered if anyone could smell all the woman-cum that had dried on the sheets. 

I gave out a little growl and went down on my hands and knees, my cunt throbbing and flared wide open, ready to be eaten. I slowly crawling toward the bed and at the edge I growled again and climbed up the side until I was poised like a cat on the far corner. "Is the whore hungry?" Teri asked. I growled again, deep and sexy. Teri brought her knees up and spread her legs apart. Then she reached down with her fingertips and opened her pussy to me. I could see moisture on her short hair, the inside of her cunt glistened.

"Here's your dinner, pussycat, hot and pink, just like you like it." I crawled forward until I was directly over her pussy. Her scent filled my nostrils. I was so turned on, my body shook, my eyes blurred. I bent down and kissed her pussy with the same passion I would have kissed her mouth. Then I lowered myself onto the bed, the coolness of the sheets felt wonderful on my naked body, still sweaty from our chase. 

As Teri wrapped her long legs around my head, I devoured her cunt like a hungry animal, licking, sucking and drinking in all the sweet love juice that flowed out of her. I reached up, took her nipples between my fingertips, and squeezed them as I licked her pussy. She moved her hips in unison to my thrusts and her soft purring quickly turned to moans and yelps as her climax built. Teri ran her fingers through my hair, pushing on my head to force my tongue deeper. Finally she stiffened and squeezed me tight with her legs as the orgasm rocked her. I slowed and opened my eyes, looking up at her. It was the most beautiful sight I could imagine as I watched her drift in and out of the blissful haze.

"Come here, sweet baby girl," she said, holding her arms open after she'd caught her breath. I crawled up her body licking and kissing as much of her salty, damp skin as I could. When our lips were inches apart, she wrapped her arms around my neck and we kissed, trying to eat each other with our hot mouths. My lips and cheeks were covered with her cum and she seemed to relish licking it all off. 

"I love making you cum," I said between kisses. 

"Really, I hadn't noticed." We both giggled as we continued planting kisses all over our faces. "You've been doing all the work," Teri said when we finally stopped to catch our breath. "Now its my turn."

"Heads or tails?" I asked. 

"Tails, of course," she replied, scooting out from under me. Still on my stomach, I waited until she positioned herself behind me before I pulled my knees in and stuck my ass up. I could feel her warm breath as she sniffed me like a puppy. Then she ran her tongue up and down my crack using the tip to tease my ass hole before moving down to lick my pussy. 

"You smell and taste so good," she said between licks. 

"Good enough to eat?" I asked with a wiggle. Her answer was a loud moan as she pressed her face into me and ate my pussy. Teri knew how much I loved being eaten from behind, and electricity shot through me when her tongue went in my pussy and her nose pushed on my ass. I reached back to spread my cheeks and she rubbed my legs and ass, her experienced tongue doing exactly what I liked. 

"Oh, you're such a Fucking, nasty slut!" I said through clenched teeth. Suddenly the phone ran. 

"Shit!" Teri said, looking up. "Don't they know we're busy?" 

Slowly I swung around, out of breath, my chest heaving. "It could be anyone. We've got to answer it." I took her face in my hands and pulled her mouth to mind. I could taste my pussy all over her. 

"Fuck!" she said as we broke the kiss.

"Hold that thought." I rolled over to reach the phone on the table beside the bed. "Hello." I listened for a moment and then held my hand over the receiver. "It's Mrs. Cummings from down the street," I whispered. "She's been called into an emergency shift at the hospital and her husband's on the road. She wants to know if one of us could baby-sit Lisa tonight?"

"Lisa?"

"You know, her 18 old." While I talked with Mrs. Cummings, I watched Teri as she slowly slipped two fingers in and out of her pussy. She knew she was driving me crazy as she brought them up and licked off her juice. With a wicked smile, she stuck her fingers deep inside her pussy again and then offered them to me. "Cut that out, Teri," I whispered. "We have to decide. Do we want her over here or not?"

"Well," Teri said between licks, "how can we have fun when there's an 18 year old girl around to watch?" Then she paused for a moment and said, "Unless . . ."

"Are you thinking what I'm thinking?" I said slyly. "Maybe we could have some three-way fun." Teri reached over and ran her hand down between my legs. "Is that all you think about?" I said, pushing her away. "Oh and you don't?"

"Mrs. Cummings," I said with difficulty as Teri played with my pussy. "We'd love to help you out. Just send Lisa on over and don't worry about a thing. She'll be in good hands." Teri laughed out loud at that last comment and I found it hard to keep a straight face until I hung up. "You have the dirtiest mind of anyone I know," I said. Then I leaned over and put my lips to her ear. "Besides, what if I don't want to share you with some little 18 year old cunt?" Teri ran her fingers through my hair. "Remember, Aunt Janet, what's between my legs is yours anytime you want it." She kissed me hard, then said, "Now I wonder what it would take to get in Lisa panties?"

"She is kind of cute." I casually played with Teri's patch of pussy hair. "I saw her in a two-piece not too long ago," Teri said. "She's got a nice ass and her tit's are looking great."

"Then let's get dressed and be ready to eat, I mean greet her." We both laughed as I rolled off the bed and reached out my hand. Teri took it and we headed down the hall arm-in-arm. "What do you wear to seduce an 18 year old girl?" I said. "Now who's got the dirty mind?" she said, running her hand down my bare ass.