 Janet and Debbie had plans to go out to the bar this evening and they began getting ready for it. Debbie made the comment to Janet that they were going to be getting dressed for the first time in a few days and Janet told her that it was too bad because she wouldn't be able to see Debbie's tits and pussy whenever she wanted and that she enjoyed them being naked all the time at home, but would she not wear a bra or panty's? Debbie told her that she had no intentions of wearing either of them. Janet gave her a big grin and told her, "That's my girl." 

Debbie ask Janet if she were going to wear a bra and panty's and Janet told he, "of course not, you know better then that sweetheart, then ask her, shall we go?" As they were getting in the car, Janet's shirt hiked up enough to expose her pussy and she didn't bother to pull it down and Debbie told her that she thought that was very sexy. As soon as they were in their seats, Debbie reached over and started massaging Janet's pussy. Janet let out a small moan as Debbie stuck two fingers in her pussy and began finger fucking her. Janet's pussy was soaked and Debbie took her fingers out of Janet's pussy, licked them off and that caused Janet to have an orgasm!

Janet turned around in the seat with her back leaning against the door, reached over and pulled Debbie's head straight to her pussy and told Debbie, "eat my pussy, you got me so fucking wet and horny, eat my pussy before we get to the bar, I want you to lick and eat my pussy right this minute." Debbie didn't need any prodding and she started licking and eating Janet's pussy. Janet spread her legs as wide as she could get them so Debbie could get at her pussy better. Debbie's tongue was working its wonders on Janet's pussy. Licking her pussy lips, then driving her tongue into Janet's pussy! 

Fuck, Janet was thrashing on the seat and Debbie had a hard time bringing Janet to an orgasm, but she did! Janet went wild as an orgasm hit her and she locked her legs around Debbie's head and held her tight to her pussy until the orgasm subsided! Janet turned back around in the seat and told Debbie that they better get going or they would never get to the bar. Debbie smiled at Janet and told her that would be fine with her. They could go back into the house, get naked again and eat each other's pussy! Janet laughed at that, but had to agree with Debbie that it was a very good idea, and they would do exactly that as soon as they got back from the bar.

Debbie's pussy was getting wet and she was horny, so she stuck two fingers in her pussy and started finger fucking herself as Janet pulled out of the driveway and took off down the road. Debbie continued to finger fuck herself until she had an orgasm just as Janet pulled into the parking lot of Club 21. They went in and found a table near the back of the bar. After a couple hours of drinking and dancing, Janet began to notice a table of five women next to them and it seemed as thought they were kind of treating one of the girls rudely. 

It looked like no one was talking to her much and when they did, it was with sarcasm and rudeness. It looked as though she were about ready to cry at times. She pointed this out to Debbie and she took notice of it too. They girls were young, maybe collage age, but had to be twenty one at least to be drinking in the bar. The girls would get up and dance, but they never ask the sandy haired blond to dance at all, she just sat there looking miserable. She looked at Janet and Janet smiled back at her, then the girl looked away, but Janet noticed that she kept glancing at Debbie and her. Janet noticed that the girl was exceptionally pretty and her tits looked just the right size for her and her ass looked as it were made just for her. Janet pointed it out to Debbie and asks Debbie if she thought that the girl might like to meet them and Debbie told her that it would be nice and that was a good idea.

So when Janet caught the girl glancing at her again, Janet motioned for the girl to come over. Reluctant at first, the girl thought, "what the heck, why not." So she got up and went over to their table and said, "hi", Janet and Debbie both told her "hi" and ask her if she would like to sit with them for awhile. She didn't want to intrude, but Debbie and Janet insisted she sit with them and have a drink or two, so why not get her drink and come on back to their table. When she returned, Debbie and Janet offered her a chair between them and introduced their selves. The girl introduced herself and told them her name was Donna, and that she was new in town, going to collage here, 22 years old, from the UK and didn't know anyone except the girls she was with. Debbie ask her why the girls she was with were treating her so baldy and Donna told her that she didn't know and if she had somewhere else to stay while she was going to school, she would stay there instead.

The women talked more and Donna was beginning to feel comfortable with them and liked them both. Naturally, Janet and Debbie liked her! A fast song came up and Janet ask Donna if she would like to dance and she accepted. While they were dancing, Debbie began playing with her pussy. She had shoved two fingers in her pussy and was finger fucking herself when the song ended and Janet and Donna returned to the table. As much as she hated to, she took her fingers out of her pussy and welcomed them back. The next song, Debbie ask Donna to dance and she danced with Debbie. They were all feeling good by this time. Janet had also noticed that the girls Donna was sitting with earlier kept glaring and giving them dirty looks, more so to Donna. Janet told Debbie and Donna and Donna got sort of a scared look on her face. Janet looked at Debbie and winked. Debbie knew what Janet was going to do next. Janet looked at Donna and ask her if she would like to stay with her and Debbie. They had a spare bedroom and Donna could use that if she wanted. Donna didn't know what to say. She just sat there speechless. Janet told her that she was welcome to stay and so did Debbie. And after a few days, if for some reason she didn't like it or wanted to stay somewhere else, Debbie and her would help her find another place.

Donna burst out in tears and before Janet could reach for and hold and hug Donna, Debbie did. Janet ask her is she had offended her and Donna told her, "No, definitely she had not. It was just that she was surprised at her and Debbie's hospitality and generosity and that she was so happy and glad that they had offered her a way to get out of this situation she was in. Being from the UK, she was taken back by the two women's friendliness and offer of kindness". Janet told Donna that was just the way she and Debbie were and they would be glad to help her out. Debbie then kissed Donna on the cheek and Donna felt something strange within her and wanted to kiss Debbie back, but didn't want to offend her, so she held back. All Donna could do was thank Janet and Debbie over and over and they kept telling her not to worry about it.

They decided how they were going to get Donna's things from where she was staying and decided not to even tell the girls Donna had been staying with that she was moving out. As they were leaving the bar, they noticed that the girls Donna had been with just stared, with their mouths open, as Janet, Debbie and Donna left. They drove to the apartment Donna had been staying at, helped her collect all her things and load them in the car. Donna left the key on the table, shut the door and away they went. In the car on the way home, Donna was still thanking them. Debbie put her arm around Donna and told her not to worry about it. Donna nestled next to Debbie and sensed the closeness of their bodies together and felt warm and safe. Debbie put her other hand on Donna's leg and Donna tensed up. Debbie began rubbing Donna's leg and Donna couldn't help the wonderful feeling she was getting and little by little, Donna began to loosen up. Debbie's hand felt good rubbing Donna's leg. 

Debbie was rubbing Donna's leg higher and higher each time, but Debbie didn't want to move too fast, so she started to remove her hand from Donna's leg, but Donna grabbed her hand and put it back on her leg and told Debbie how good it felt. While on the way home, Janet started to tell Donna all about her and Debbie, mainly so Donna would not be surprised or shocked, how they were naked most of the time while they were at home and hoped that she would not mind or offend her by doing that. Donna was speechless. As shy as she was, she had no idea how she would feel being around two naked women all the time. Before they could go any farther, Janet pulled in the driveway and told Donna," here is home, lets get your things out of the car and into the house." They carried Donna's things in the house and into the spare bedroom, which was Donna's room now, until it was time for her to return to the UK. Debbie told Donna "to make herself at home and if she wanted anything, she need not ask, but help herself, this was home and she and Janet were going to get comfortable and if she wanted, to come out and have a drink with them before they went to bed." Donna thanked them and started putting her things away, thinking of the offer of a drink. While Donna was getting situated, Janet and Debbie had taken their cloths off, Debbie had made them a drink and they were sitting on the couch, naked, talking when Donna came out of her room. She stopped in her tracks as she seen them both naked. Janet got up and went to her and ask her if she were embarrassed. Janet took Donna's hand and led her to the couch, sat her down next to Debbie and went to make her a drink. Donna's eyes kept moving from Debbie's tits to her hairy pussy. She was amazed that the two women were so open and unashamed of their body's and could be so free. Janet came back with Donna's drink and she followed her, staring at her tits, jiggling with every step Janet took and couldn't help but notice her pussy hair was neatly trimmed. Donna suddenly realized how beautiful both women were. She felt a wetness between her legs. She was actually getting excited! Afraid to make a move on either of the women, she just sat there. Before she could think, she ask Janet and Debbie, "would either of you mind if I took my cloths off?" Shocked when she realized what she had just asked them. Janet and Debbie both told her that if she would be comfortable with that and that was what she wanted, to go ahead, that was fine with them both. Donna began unbuttoning her blouse. Scared, but excited at the same time. She removed her blouse and sat there in her bra, she reached behind her and unhooked it and quickly removed it. Her pert tits with beautiful nipples, already hardening, were standing out, not a bit of sag to them. They were beautiful 34c's. Janet and Debbie had to fight back their urges to take them in their mouths! Donna's tits were mouthwatering. Jiggling slightly as Donna reached to the zipper on her skirt, she began unzipping them, hooking her thumbs in her nylons and taking them both down at the same time, wiggling her toes out of the nylons, she was finally as naked as Janet and Debbie were! Janet and Debbie both feasted their eyes on Donna's, beautiful, hairy pussy, gleaming with the juices that had made Donna's pussy wet. Blond wisps of hair covering her pussy. Debbie quickly took notice of Donna's very cute ass cheeks, they were perfect! Donna was the first natural blond either had seen in a long time. Her pussy was so beautiful. However strong their urges were to take Donna's tits in their mouths or start eating that beautiful pussy, the urge was many more times as strong not to bury their heads between Donna's legs and eat her pussy. The sight of Donna's beautiful, naked body between them, made Janet and Debbie very hot, wet and horny! Debbie began masturbating right then and there. She couldn't help it. Donna just sat there as Debbie began massaging her pussy, watching as Debbie inserted two fingers in her pussy and began finger fucking herself. Janet had both her tits in her hands, squeezing and massaging both of them, before she too moved one of her hands to her sopping pussy and began masturbating. Donna sat there, almost in shock at what the women were doing, but getting more and more excited every second. Donna had to pee, so she excused herself to go to the bathroom. Janet and Debbie both watched her walk to the bathroom, admiring her cute ass cheeks and her titties jiggling with each step. Donna was mouthwatering! By the time Donna was done and on her way back, Debbie had knelt on the floor between Janet's legs and was eating Janet's pussy. Donna almost collapsed when she seen that! 

Donna watched Debbie's tongue dart into Janet's pussy and Janet lifting her pussy to Debbie's face. Without realizing it, Donna's hand went to her pussy and she began massaging it. She began running her fingers up and down her pussy lips, enjoying the feelings she was giving herself. Slowly she inserted a finger in her pussy, moaning softly. Donna watched Debbie eating Janet's pussy and wondered how it would feel. She never had another woman make love to her. Janet was thrusting her pussy into Debbie's face as Debbie's tongue was licking and fucking Janet's pussy. Donna inserted another finger and began finger fucking herself. Janet, subconsciously reached over and put her hand on Donna's tit and began squeezing and massaging it. Donna was so excited by now that she never flinched when Janet's hand went to her tit and began playing with it. Janet's hand felt wonderful on Donna's titty.

Debbie had slid a hand to Donna's pussy and began massaging it. Donna was feeling very good by now and had lost most of her fears, enjoying the fantastic feeling she was having. Debbie had inserted a finger along side of Donna's, matching Donna's finger, stroke for stroke. Donna put her other hand on Debbie's back and began rubbing it. Janet leaned over, pulled Donna to her and began sucking on Donna's very hard nipple. Donna gasped at the warm tickling sensation from Janet's tongue. She reached behind Janet's head and held it to her tit. Debbie had inserted another finger into Donna's pussy, three finger's in her pussy now and it was wonderful. Donna took her finger out of her pussy, took her clit between her thumb and finger and began squeezing and pulling on it. She was close, very close to an orgasm and whispered to Janet that she was going to cum.

Janet began flicking Donna's nipple with her tongue and that did it! Donna began thrusting her pussy onto Debbie's fingers, her ass thrusting to meet Debbie's finger's, Janet sucking, licking her tit and the flicking of Janet's tongue on her nipple, drove her over the edge and she shuddered with a huge orgasm. Janet, at the same time, thrust her pussy hard onto Debbie's face and her juices began flowing as she too had an orgasm. Debbie got back on the couch and kissed Janet. Donna watched them and Debbie looked into Donna's eyes, leaned over and kissed Donna full on the lips. Donna returned Debbie's kiss and at that moment, knew that everything was going to be all right. She was going to enjoy staying with them. When they broke their kiss, Donna blurted out that she realized that everything was going to be ok and that she knew that she had done the right thing by staying with them. Janet and Debbie both hugged her and told her that they were happy that she agreed to stay with them and they would do everything they could to make her stay memorable and enjoyable. Janet then suggested that they go into the bedroom, where they would be more comfortable. Why didn't Donna sleep with them tonight? They had a king bed and there was room. Debbie instantly agreed and encouraged Donna to accept the offer. 

Donna did not need any encouragement as she told the girls to lead the way. Janet and Debbie got up and each took Donna's hand and led the way to the bedroom. Debbie jokingly ask Donna if she wanted the middle. Donna laughed and told her that she would not have it any other way! Debbie loved the way Donna's pert tits, jiggled as Donna laughed. Donna took both tits in her hand and told Janet and Debbie that they were theirs, anytime they wanted them. Janet and Debbie both took a nipple in their mouths and began sucking and licking them. Donna was so hot and her juices were running down her leg. Debbie pushed Donna back and let her fall gently to the bed. Releasing Donna's nipple from her mouth, Debbie began kissing Donna's belly ever so lightly, causing Donna to shiver. Debbie's tongue licking its way lower and lower, gently licking her belly button on her way downward. Debbie's tongue hit the hairline of Donna's pussy and Donna slightly jerked. Debbie guessed that Donna was going to go wild when she began eating and licking her sweet pussy.

Donna spread her legs more as Debbie licked the inside of her legs. Janet had moved up just a little and had shoved one of her tits into Donna's face and she began licking Janet's tit, still very aware of Debbie's tongue, very close to her sopping pussy. Debbie couldn't wait any longer. She had to taste the sweet pussy only an inch or so away from her tongue. Debbie pulled her tongue away from Donna's leg and drove her mouth straight onto Donna's pussy, letting her tongue slip into her pussy as far as it would go. Donna bucked as if she had been shocked. Her pussy being mashed to Debbie's face. Debbie began licking and eating Donna's pussy, surprised at the sweet, pleasant taste of her. Donna had another orgasm right then. She couldn't believe how wonderful Debbie's mouth and tongue felt! Debbie was licking Donna's pussy lips, up one, down the other, sticking her tongue into Donna's pussy and tongue fucking her, before licking furiously all over Donna's, sweet, hairy pussy. Donna was wild with desire and wanted to eat her first pussy. She grabbed Janet's head, pulled her up to her, kissed her and between moans, whispered to Janet that she wanted hers to be the first pussy she ate and she wanted to eat her pussy right then! Janet returned Donna's kiss and without a word, slid up, got on her hands and knees, with her pussy over Donna's face, began lowering her pussy towards Donna's face. The instant her pussy hair met Donna's face, Janet mashed her pussy onto Donna's mouth. Donna began lapping at Janet's pussy. Donna had never eaten pussy before, but she loved her tongue on Janet's pussy, the taste of her pussy was overwhelming. Donna quickly began running her tongue over Janet's pussy lips, one after the other, then sinking her tongue into Janet's pussy as far as she could. Janet wrapped her legs around Donna's neck and held her to her pussy. Donna drove her tongue into Janet's sopping pussy with eagerness. 

Wanting Janet to cum so she could taste and swallow as much of Janet's juices as she could. Debbie was still licking and sucking on Donna's pussy and she knew that Donna was getting close. Donna was thrashing and bucking on Debbie's face and going to cum soon. Suddenly, Donna screamed and ground her pussy onto Debbie's face! A terrific orgasm, the biggest she had ever had, wracked her body. Donna almost lost consciousness. Her body went limp. Janet wrapped her legs tighter onto Donna's head as she exploded with an orgasm. Janet's juices flowing out of her pussy and covering Donna's face. Janet's juices began running down Donna's face, dripping off her chin onto her tits. They were becoming covered and very wet with Janet's juices! Donna had never been this turned on or hot. She loved Debbie eating her pussy and the taste of Janet's cunt was delicious! She knew that she had made the right choice to cum and stay with these two lovely, hot horny ladys. Janet and Debbie had come up and lay on each side of Donna. There bodies close and touching.

They were talking and Janet told Donna that she was glad that she had decided to come and stay with her and Debbie. Debbie had her hand on Donna's sopping pussy and began massaging it again, causing Donna to jump and jerk. Debbie whispered into Donna's ear that she and Janet had so much they wanted to teach Donna and would do so if she wanted. Donna gladly told Debbie that she was her's and Janet's and would be so glad to learn anything they would teach her. Debbie told her that they would teach her everything they knew and she was sure that Donna would be very surprised and maybe even shocked. Donna told Debbie that after what had just happened, that she knew that she and Janet would teach her many things about sex and that could only do her good. Debbie told her that they would see, but what they would teach her, would only bring her pleasure after pleasure and so many wonderful orgasms. 
