 Twenty-eleven hours, I looked at my watch as the metal walled box I was travelling in shuddered to a halt in a series of heart stopping jerks, to the accompaniment of frightening bangs and clanks. The lights dimmed, only the emergency lighting remained on, the elevator was stuck somewhere between the twenty-fourth and twentieth floors. Adrenaline coursed through my veins, heart hammering a staccato rat-a-tat-tat on my ribs as my fear level peaked. 

My fertile imagination, fuelled by watching too many disaster movies ran wild. In my mind I saw a series of cinematographic stop motion images, showing the strands of the steel cables breaking one by one until the lift car hung by a thread. Taking a series of deep breaths I regained control of my mind and shut out the thoughts.

My sole companion was a woman in her thirties who looked like a typical secretary. She visibly relaxed when I spoke. "Shall I phone or will you."

"You're a woman!" She exclaimed. Funny how even in this age of sex equality, in a city where women executives are almost as common as males, there is still a preconception that all motorcycle couriers are male. Looking at the woman I realised that only a few minutes earlier she had signed for the first of the three packages I had delivered to firms on the top five floors of Mithras Tower. Her reaction was proof that in our leathers we are seen as objects rather than people. Then I realised I was equally guilty of pigeonholing people, initially I had only seen a mid-thirties ash-blonde office worker.

"I'll phone." She said opening the little flap that concealed the emergency phone. There was no instantaneous answer when she lifted the receiver, as we waited both of us grew more concerned. Nervously she tapped a pointed toe on the floor, I twisted and wrung at the clipboard in my hand.

"Hello Rapide Elevator and Escalator Services, Frank speaking. How may I help?"

"We are stuck near the top of Mithras Tower."

"Are you actually in the elevator?" Frank asked.

"Yes." She replied. 

"What a pratt, why else would we be calling!" I muttered under my breath.

"How many of you are there?"

"Two of us."

"That's good at least you are not overcrowded. I am afraid you are going to be there for some time, construction work has damaged an electricity sub-station and the whole of Olympia Square has no power. Your lift is one of more than twenty lifts in need of rescue."

I snatched the phone from the woman. "How long is some time?" I demanded.

"Oh six maybe eight hours, less if they restore the power."

The man's cheery almost off-hand voice set my nerves on edge. I pictured him sitting in a comfortable office, with nothing to do other than answer the telephone. I was seething, stuck in a lift I was loosing money. To be honest all these feelings were probably triggered by my mild claustrophobia, not that the walls were pressing in on me nor was I screaming, but I did feel trapped. This was not the first time I had been trapped in a lift. I was sure it would not be the last time - lifts were an occupational hazard for everyone whose work took them into the tall office blocks of the City of London.

"Shit." The woman said kicking off the shoe of the foot she had been tapping. "Everything always goes wrong at the same time look a bloody hole." She said pointing to her big toe, which protruded through the gossamer of her tights. When she lifted her skirt I was treated to a tantalisingly swift flash of red knickers and a pair of shapely thighs. She hooked her thumb into the waistband of her tights and slid them down to her knees. Sitting down on the floor she removed her other shoe and completed removing the holed hose. "Might as well sit down, it's more comfortable than standing. You know that's my third pair of tights this week, of course you wouldn't have that problem."

I was dying for a cigarette, if the power was down the smoke detector would be disabled, I pulled a pack from my bag and lit up. The lift had an invitingly deep pile carpet, I lowered myself to the floor.

The woman coughed. Here goes, she is going to complain about my smoking. She coughed again. I looked at her. "Do you think I could have one of those?" I handed her a cigarette and my lighter. "Thanks, I gave up two years ago to get the job. There is a rigid no smoking rule throughout the tower."

I unzipped my leather jacket, took it off and rolled it up as a pillow. "Your making yourself comfortable." The woman laughed nervously.

"May as well." I replied. "Six hours is a long time."

"This is terrible already I feels like the walls are closing in on us."

"It could be worse. At least we are not in one of those external lifts, imagine sitting in one of those glass capsules exposed to everyone's gaze like an animal in a zoo." I said recalling the last time I had been stuck and that had only lasted for about two hours.

We fell silent, maybe I dozed. I became aware of a rhythmic sound. She was lying on her back one leg bent, the other crossed over it swinging, I smiled - she was masturbating. Watching her made me feel horny. The idea of making a move on her had not entered my mind, not even when she had removed her tights but this seemed to be an open invitation.

I slid across the floor to where she lay. She uncrossed her legs when I laid my hand on her thigh, then lifted her shoulders allowing me to slip my arm around her. Our lips met, her teeth parted to admit my tongue, her tongue curled itself around mine. My hand slid up her thigh, she parted her legs as I reached the top of her leg, my fingers slid under the damp material of her panties. 

Her slit was already sopping wet. Her damp labia felt firm beneath my fingertips, moving a little deeper I found her erect clitoris. She gasped when I pinched it between my forefinger and thumb. I tugged at her clit, gently milking an orgasm from her.

Breaking off the kiss I slid down her body. Hooked my fingers into the waistband of her panties and began to slip them over her hips, she assisted by lifting her bum and in a trice I had removed the lacy red garment. Meanwhile she had hiked her skirt up to her waist revealing her neatly trimmed heart shaped golden bush. "Very nice." I said as I traced the outline of the heart.

"Glad you like it." 

The skin of her abdomen was textured with half moon dimples. Intrigued by them I traced their shapes, she wriggled. "That tickles."

Puzzled by what they were I continued to trace their shapes. "Please stop, surely my stretch marks aren't that interesting?" Stretch marks, I had heard of them, but to the best of my knowledge had never before been intimate with a woman who had had a child. Certainly I had never been with a woman who had stretch marks. 

"Wait a minute." She said pushing me away. She got to her feet and went to the phone, once again there was a lengthy wait before we heard Frank's voice. "Frank is that you?"

"Yes. Two in a lift in Mithras Tower right?"

"That's right. Can you tell us how much longer."

"They say the supply will definitely be back on in five to six hours, so unless there is a medical emergency that is how long it will be."

"Thanks."

She hung-up the handset and rejoined me back on the floor. "It's warm in here." She said as she began to undo the buttons of her blouse. I pulled her nearer to me and undid the remaining buttons. Her blouse fell open revealing her white bra. Through the fabric I could feel her nipples. A man would have torn her bra from her, I preferred to take my time. Building up to the moment of removal by gently teasing and tormenting those tender orbs. My fingers traced the shape of her curves through the material, gently moulding them in my cupped hands Kneading the encased globes. At last I got the reaction I had been seeking to provoke when she pleaded with me. "Please... please touch them, take my bra off and touch them I want to feel your skin on mine."


As the bra fell away her breasts drooped, her long rouge nipples were pointing down towards her navel. I supposed that their flabbiness was a result of childbearing, when they were firm her breasts must have been impressive. I took one in my hands and began once more to knead it. She pulled my head towards her. I took the elongated rubbery teat between my lips, as I began to suckle on it she gave a soft low moan. 

As I sucked her breasts I inserted my forefinger and middle finger of my other hand into her vagina, whilst diddling her clitoris with the ball of my thumb using a gentle circular motion.

As I suckled, she ran her fingers through my hair gently stroking my head, whilst ensuring that I did not lift my mouth from her nipple. "Bite me there." She cooed, her hips writhing as I sucked and bit on the teat. "Oh honey this is so good please don't stop." As she came her vaginal muscles went into a spasm of clamping and releasing on my two inserted fingers and her fluid washed over them.

Suddenly she pulled my head back. "Do the same to the other one." Once again I took the distended teat into my mouth, far quicker this time I began to bite and suck, feeling the nipple swell and harden in my mouth. 

She reciprocated, slipping her free hand under my sweatshirt and seeking my comparatively minuscule breasts and under developed nipples - breasts so small that I had never worn a bra. One of my better endowed friends used to say, they looked like two fried eggs. 

However as men are always fond of saying size is not everything and my breasts were no less sensitive than any other woman's. The instant she touched my nipples, I gasped with delight as electric tremors surged through my body. A warm wet glow mushroomed in my womb. As I came I bit her, it was not intentional, but the feeling was so intense that my jaw clamped shut on to her teat. She screamed. Realising what I had done I opened my mouth and pulled away. "Sorry." I said.

"Sorry? - That really hurt me you know."

"Sorry it was just a reaction when you made me cum."

"You came - I came! When you bit me it hurt like hell and I came like a bloody tap had been turned on." I began to laugh. "What's so funny?" She asked.

"I... I... I was just thinking what a pair we are if we can cum from just having our boobs played with. One might say." I broke off into peals of laughter, it was infectious she began to laugh too. "One might say we are a pair of..." She joined me with the punch line. "Right Tits." We said in unison.

The laughter changed the nature of our relationship, up until that moment we had been no more than sex objects to one another. This natural pause we punctuated by smoking another cigarette. It was as we smoked that she spoke again. "Do you realise we might know each other's tits but we don't even know each other's names. My name is Margaret but my friends call me Maggie."

"Pleased to meet you Maggie I'm Janey." I responded with mock formality. "My nickname's Flame-On." I added gesturing towards my head.

As we smoked a second cigarette we talked about ourselves and our lives. Hers sounded amazingly rich and complicated by comparison with my life. I was a single woman with no dependants. She had two children, both boys, by day she worked as a system analyst (whatever that involved) and an ex-husband.

"So you are bi," I said when she mentioned the husband.

"No!" She replied, speedily adding. "I wanted to be normal, to have a family so I married - it was a disaster. I hated sex with him, I hated lying to him covering up my affairs. It was a relief when he caught me in bed with the au-pair."

"That's different, I thought it was the husband who got to do the au-pair."

"Well he didn't, maybe he wanted to and that was why he was so angry."

"Where are your sons now?"

"With the au-pair. No not the same one, this one is sex mad, unfortunately she is only interested in boys." She stubbed out her cigarette. "But enough of talking let's make love properly this time." As she spoke she shrugged off her open blouse and reached for the waistband of her skirt.

I was naked from waist up once I'd pulled off my sweatshirt. Removing my motorcycle boots and socks took little time, but my leather jeans clung to my legs. First I had to stand up and ease them over my hips, then I had to sit down to roll them down my legs, eventually I was as naked as her.

The polished metal walls and ceiling of the lift acted as crude mirrors. Despite the image being blurred and slightly out of focus, I saw an ill assorted couple. I was like a stick, slim hipped, a barely discernible waist and flat chested; my gatepost legs and legs with muscles developed wrestling my bike through the traffic were totally out of proportion to the rest of my body. My head crowned by hair so red it looked like a burning bush, so bright it had earned me the nickname "Flame-On". In contrast she was the personification of femininity, big breasted, a distinct waist, broad hips and shapely legs. Even the stretch marks seemed to add to this female image. I would have sold my soul to have her ash blonde hair.

Her skin was soft pampered by beauty products. Her nails, fingers and toes were painted and neatly manicured. I used only a simple moisturiser, mainly to combat wind-burn, my finger nails were clipped functionally short. My only real concession to my femininity was the total depilation of my body, I hated the sight of my bright copper pubes. Truth to tell I hated my hair full-stop, if I did not look such a freak I would have kept my head shaved. I did it once I looked ghastly - like the victim of some terminal illness, so I tolerated my curly red crown.

"Penny for them!"

The sound of her voice startled me back from my reverie. "I was looking at us on the walls, admiring your body and feeling sorry for myself."

Snuggling closer to me she kissed my neck. "You've got a lovely body." 

"Like a stick, with arms and legs that don't fit."

"Do you always feel sorry for yourself when you make love."

"No." I replied turning to her I put my lips to hers and pushed her down. I kissed her nose, then her eyes. She began to speak, I silenced her by kissing her lips. Raising myself on my knees I began to kiss her breasts. As I rained kisses onto her stomach I turned so that I was straddling her head.

When my lips reached her mons she opened her legs, raising her hips inviting me into her secret places. I placed my hands under her, raising her hips higher. She drew her legs up wrapping them around me pulling me down closer to her. Bowing my head, my tongue entered her slit tracing along one side of her firm little fire bud. Her hips shifted as upon reaching the end of her clitoris instead of continuing onto her vagina I reversed direction and tracked along the other side of her clitoris.

Damping my tongue I laved her clitoris with long licks. When she began to move her hips in a circular motion I knew she was not far from cumming. I sucked her clitoris between my lips and teased the delicate hood with my tongue. 

"Please be careful not to bite me." I heard her whisper just before she began to arouse my clitoris. I shivered with anticipation as her tongue traced the length of my clit, spurring me to redouble my sucking and teasing of her little bud.

When she took my clit between her lips, I plunged my tongue into her vagina, lapping up the sweet tasting fluids. I had to stop just press myself close to her as tremors wracked my body. Then came that terrible precum period when it felt as if I would not achieve an orgasm. That dread moment of self doubt, of doubting my partner, of fear that she might leave me high and dry. As she sucked and tongued my clit I moved my hips in a circular motion, grinding out the climax. As always at its height as a warm fountain gushed somewhere deep within me I felt almost as if someone had hit me in the stomach. Then came a wave of gratitude, I wanted to hold and cuddle Maggie, to be close to her.

I could not follow my desire she had her needs, I shifted my attentions back to her clitoris laving it with languorous strokes each terminating with a sharp crossways twitch. Soon her whole body was moving then she began to screech at me urging me not ever to stop. As suddenly as she'd started screeching she fell silent, her body still, I lapped the nectar as it welled from her upturned vagina.

In some sort of unspoken mutual agreement we turned onto our sides, lying more relaxed but still nuzzling each other's sex. As we licked and kissed there was none of the earlier urgency. Now our sex was long and slow, it sounds incongruous to speak of sex in a public lift as being unhurried, but it was - after all we were going no where in the immediate future.

Maggie pulled away from me. "Please Janey no more, I can't take any more."

We lay on the floor in quiet companionship sharing a cigarette. At that moment I felt really close to this woman and think that she felt the same. After I had stubbed out the cigarette she kissed my earlobe and whispered. "Janey thank you. I want you to know that I've never cum as many times as I have with you."

Checking the time we decided we ought to get dressed. Then we spent the remainder of the time talking about ourselves, our views on many things. Before power was restored we exchanged telephone numbers and promised that we would keep in contact. A promise I intended to keep.