 To my editor "EroticaSeanStyle", thanks for your help. 

Sarah looked across the room to the other bed where Tracy was laying on her side. In a tight gray T-shirt that stretched over beautifully rounded breasts, and cut-off denim shorts, she looked more like a teenage girl than the 28-year old she was. She also acted more like a teenager and it was that energetic quality that had made them friends.

They were sharing a room in Vegas, and after two nights of gambling and living it up with too much booze and too much fun, they were now in the hotel room resting and preparing for the flight home the next day. 

"God, my body hurts!" Tracy groaned as she rolled over. Sitting up, she arched her back as she tried to stretch around and rub her sore muscles.

Sarah laughed and looked at her friend in amusement. "So tell me, was it the attempted climb up the Eiffel Tower, the fall into the fountain, or the naked streaking down the hallway that did you in?"

Tracy choked back a fit of giggles. "Naked Streaking? Did I do that?"

Nodding with exaggerated slowness, Sarah watched Tracy's mouth break open in a grin as her face slowly heated with amused embarrassment. With a wry voice, Sarah said, "Remind me to never let you near a bottle of Tequila again."

Tracy groaned, "Well, at any rate, I need a masseuse."

Sarah glanced up from her packing, "I'll give you a back rub. Let me get the lotion."

Walking into the bathroom, Sarah grabbed a bottle of lotion. Taking a moment to wash her hands, which had started to sweat a little at the thought of touching Tracy's bare skin, her mind raced with scenario after scenario. She had been attracted to this woman for a long time and although she had never been with another woman, she longed to be with Tracy.

They had met four years ago at a bachelorette party and, after what could only be termed an 'enlightening' conversation regarding airports and Ben Wa Balls, Sarah had been captivated. Tracy had an intoxicating sexuality that was only enhanced by her playfulness and sense of adventure. However, as curious and open as Tracy was, Sarah knew that she had never been with another woman either, and more than once Sarah had fantasized about taking their friendship to that level and being each other's first. 

As Sarah walked back into the room carrying the bottle of lotion, she watched as Tracy pulled her T-shirt up and over her head. Tracy was sitting up facing the big window that took up the better part of one wall, and the lights streaming in cast a glow on her body. Sarah's eyes riveted to the smooth pale skin and as they did, she swallowed audibly, a tremble passing down her limbs. Sitting down on the side of the bed, she poured some of the lotion into her hand and rubbed it on Tracy's back, using a small circular motion. Tracy relaxed beneath Sarah's touch and her head lowered, cascading her hair forward and exposing a slim neck Sarah was aching to kiss. 

Being this close to Tracy's nakedness was sending shivers down Sarah's core that were ending in pools of wetness deep within her. Slowly bringing her hands up the full of Tracy's back and using her thumbs to massage along her spine, she admired the softness of her skin. Gently kneading her shoulders to work out the knots, she took a deep breath and attempted to settle the butterflies in her stomach. Her mouth felt dry and she licked her lips in an attempt to work some of the moisture back into her mouth. If ever there was going to be a chance to have something happen with this woman, that chance was now. She just needed courage. 

Sarah had seen Tracy naked many times but this was the first time she had touched her bare skin. She knew about the small birthmark high on Tracy's shoulder, and she used her palms to rub lightly over the top of it. She knew that the small white scar beneath her shoulder blade was from a camping trip they had taken a year ago- and she let her fingers explore it. Sarah let her eyes roam over Tracy's body and noticed a new bruise at her waist. Touching it gently, she asked with sympathy, "Is this from the fountain? Does it still hurt?" Tracy nodded, and huskily whispered, "A little."

Sarah gently used the backs of her fingertips to gently brush over the bruise. Then, bending down slowly placed a light, feathery kiss over it. She felt and heard Tracy take a quick breath, and Sarah held her own breath waiting to see what kind of response would come from that action. When no words followed, Sarah found her courage and let the words come out.

"Tracy... Have you ever thought about being with another woman?" she asked hesitantly.

Immediately, Sarah felt Tracy's muscles tighten and tense and she held her breath waiting to see what would happen next, continuing her ministrations on Tracy's bare skin. Sensing that Tracy was still working up the courage to answer, she gently used the backs of her fingers and nails to gently caress down Tracy's arms and then back up. Gently, lightly touching her. Soothing her. She heard Tracy take a deep breath, swallow, and then clear her throat.

"Yes... I have. But I'm not sure I could do it. I mean, having something done to me by another woman is one thing, but giving back? I'm just... not to sure." The words had started out slow and halting, but her voice was confident and showed no sign of fear. This was promising, and Sarah smiled slightly to herself.

"Well, you know I've never been with another woman either, but... well... I have thought a lot about..." Sarah hesitated and her voice dropped to a quiet whisper as she finished, "...trying it with you." 

She felt Tracy once again tense beneath her hands and sought to reassure her. "Nothing is going to happen that you don't want to happen. We can stop at any time, all you have to do is just say the words." Pausing to assess the effect of her promise, she continued quietly. "I don't expect you to return anything if you don't want to. I just want to experience your body. To feel you- and to watch you cum." Tracy's answer was a deep sigh and a nod. It was all the encouragement that Sarah needed.

She urged Tracy to lay down on the bed, and continued rubbing her back. Using circular motions to work out the knots that she could feel bunched under the skin. Grabbing the bottle of lotion and putting some more into her hands, she brought her hands to her shoulders, kneading up to the nape of her neck gently before working her way back down again. She could feel the muscles start to relax their grip. Her thumbs were massaging the base of Tracy's spine, and her hands were resting on the sides of her waist. Taking one hand, she reached up to sweep Tracy's hair away from her neck, she bent down to lightly kiss the side of her neck. Gently. Lightly. Slowly. 

Sarah took her hands and threaded them into Tracy's shoulder length brown hair to massage her scalp, loving the soft silky feeling. She listened as Tracy moaned softly and she could feel herself growing even more wet with anticipation. Shifting positions slightly in an attempt to give her pussy more room to swell, she gently pulled her fingers from Tracy's hair. Once again rubbing down Tracy's neck, shoulders and back, thinking to herself how much she would love to feel her bare breasts rub against that perfect skin. This thought sent a chill down Sarah's spine, and she sighed heavily.

When she had reached the lower part of Tracy's bare back she decided to see if she could go further, easing her hands down slowly under the waistband of Tracy's shorts to reach her lower spine. After spending a few moments teasing the skin there, and along her waistline, she brought her hands up and placed them on Tracy's perfectly curved ass and gently kneaded the muscles. Sarah could feel the outline of Tracy's thong through the denim shorts, and her pulse quickened. She was dying to get closer to Tracy's heat, and the suspense was nearly killing her.

Bringing the flats of her hands down Tracy's ass, she stopped when she reached her thighs- letting her fingers slip under the leg openings, to tease the skin hidden from view before traveling on. Sarah took her hands and gently shifted Tracy's legs to ease them apart, first massaging one and then the other, working her way down to Tracy's feet before stopping.

Sarah started shaking a little with both nervousness and excitement. She was getting closer and closer to carrying out a fantasy that she had thought about for so long. Swallowing, she tried to control her breathing as she asked Tracy to roll over, and watching as Tracy did so. God, she was beautiful! Her breasts were shaped to fit a person's hands, and she had nipples made for being sucked on, and Sarah was trying desperately to control her escalating passion.

Looking into Tracy's wide eyes and the flames she saw flickering there nearly drove her over the edge. Leaning down, Sarah pressed a kiss to Tracy's forehead, moving to kiss the tip of her nose, before finally coming to rest on soft lips. She felt the quick intake of air as Tracy breathed, and then slowly released it, opening her mouth just slightly to let Sarah kiss her.

The kiss was soft and sensual, and Sarah gently nibbled and sucked on those soft lips tasting the sweetness of Tracy's mouth. Slowly deepening the kiss, Sarah took her hands and ran her fingers through Tracy's hair as her tongue explored what was being offered, before slowly receding. Looking up and into Tracy's eyes, Sarah told her to just lie back, relax, and enjoy what was happening. Watching as Tracy relaxed her body, closed her eyes, and let out a sigh.

Sarah moved her hands to glide them down the center of Tracy's chest to her stomach, expanding her fingertips to encircle her waist. She watched as Tracy sucked in a quick breath and her stomach depressed. Leaning down to kiss just below her rib cage, Sarah then took her hands and cupped them around Tracy's breasts, her thumbs rubbing against the nipples to bring them to stiff peaks. 

Sarah could feel the release of saliva in her mouth, and felt her clit start to tingle, she was finally going to get to feel those hardened nubs in her mouth, and it was making her dizzy with anticipation. Not wanting to rush the moment, she very slowly leaned down to kiss Tracy's neck. Nibbling down the center of Tracy's chest to the valley in between, Sarah could hear the rapid beat of their hearts combined and she closed her eyes to savor the sound. Raising up slightly, she took one beautiful breast into her mouth and began to suckle. Tracy let out a loud moan and shifted her legs, and Sarah thought she was going to explode from the excitement. Blowing softly against the nipples and using her tongue to flick across the hard peaks, she watched as Tracy started squirming and rubbing her thighs together. Tracy's hands fisted at her sides, her back arching to meet Sarah's mouth.

Sarah could feel her clit expanding and tingling, and she reached one hand down in an attempt to rub away some of the ache. Wishing she could relieve some of the tension there, before moving on, but knowing that she couldn't she instead put her focus back on Tracy. Moving down to the flat plane of Tracy's stomach, she used her tongue to have sex with Tracy's belly button. Smiling as Tracy gasped in shock and then moaned quietly, Sarah used her hands to caress down the tops of Tracy's thighs before reaching bare skin. When she felt the bare skin against her fingers, she reached up inside of the fabric of the shorts to stroke the flesh hidden there and feeling the heat radiating from Tracy's center.

Sarah could smell the musky scent of Tracy's sex and was dying to get closer, to taste her and feel her. She was dizzy with excitement and hot with anticipation. Sitting up, she reached for the snap on Tracy's shorts, feeling it give way quickly. Then ever so slowly, she eased the zipper down, her eyes riveted as the white lacy fabric of Tracy's thong was revealed to her. When she had finished, Sarah eased the shorts over Tracy's hips. Mouth watering, breathing rapidly increasing as Tracy's treasure was slowly revealed, Sarah finished gliding the shorts down Tracy's legs and dropped them to the floor.

Placing one foot on the bed, Sarah parted Tracy's legs enough to place both knees between hers. Leaning down, she gently blew hot hair on the place where she knew Tracy's clit was hidden. She could smell the sweet perfume of Tracy's body, and could see the desire that had been building underneath the cloth. Tracy was wet, and it showed, and the knowledge that she was as excited as Sarah felt was an added bonus to what was about to happen. Again blowing hot air through the material, Sarah opened her mouth and let her teeth graze Tracy's cunt through the fabric. Hearing Tracy's loud moan, and the words "Oh God", she knew it was safe to proceed to the final step.

Grabbing the sides of Tracy's thong, she eased it over her hips and down the length of her body. Soft brown curls were revealed, which glistened with sweat and moisture. Sarah's hands were shaking, and she wanted for just a moment to see all that was buried there. Taking her hands, she reached out to grab the folds of Tracy's pussy, and parted them, rubbing them between her fingers. She noticed Tracy's swollen clit, and knew that her orgasm was not long in coming. Sarah took one long finger, and easing it up inside of Tracy's hole. As she did so, she felt the moisture flood out of Tracy's body. Leaning forward she removed her finger and, placing her mouth on Tracy, she used her tongue to find the center of that release. 

Her tongue dove in and out of Tracy's body repeatedly, Sarah's mind now numb to anything but the pleasure she was receiving in the knowledge that she was going to push her friend over the edge of an orgasmic wave. She groaned, and used her hands to quiet Tracy, whose hips had started to buck in response to the attention. Sarah's ears could hear nothing but Tracy's moans and cries. She placed her upper lip on Tracy's clit, as she continued to fuck Tracy's cunt with her tongue. As Sarah's hands went to stroke the outer rim of Tracy's ass, she felt Tracy arch off the bed as the orgasm hit her. 

Sarah took one finger and eased it up inside of Tracy to stroke the orgasm to full throttle, closed her eyes, and enjoyed the wave as her friend rode it out and floated back to earth.