 New day and a new college. I get settled into my seat, pull out my laptop, notepad, and pencil out. What can I say, I still like to write by hand at times or doodle if I can't focus. 

I start playing with my hair and chewing on my pencil. I know, bad habits. I shift anxiously in my seat as the other students filter in, I watch them out of the corner of my eye. 

Then I see her, my breath catches and I drop my pencil and it rolls right in front of her. She bends over to pick it up giving me a view down her shirt, I try not to look, but can't help it. She stands back up and I can feel the blush warming my cheeks. 

"Here, I think you dropped this. My name is Samantha but I go by Sam," she introduces herself. "Haven't seen you around here." 

I sputter trying to gather a response. "I.. I... just transferred here. Uh.. uh... I am... uh... Jasmine." 

She smiles, pondering it appears, and I blush more. 

"Oh god, what's happening to me," I think silently, biting my lip. 

"Jasmine, I like that," she declares, "see you around." Then she winks at me, at least I think she does, as my imagination starts running wild. 

I can't pay attention during class, I keep seeing her in my mind, stealing glances at her. I sketch her on my notepad, trying to capture the depth of her twilight blue eyes. The gentle waves in her auburn hair and how the red in it catches the light. 

All I hear is the professor dismiss us, I shovel everything in my bag and rush to the ladies room as quickly as possible. Locking the stall quickly, I hike up my skirt and start rubbing my already wet pussy, fast and quickly needing to orgasm, picturing her in my head. Before I realize I am moaning and squirting, having lost myself in my need. 

I clean myself up, hoping no one came in. I leave the stall and find the restroom blissfully empty. Washing my hands as the door swings open and she slips in, smiling at me. 

She comes up behind me and while sliding something in my hand, whispers in my ear "7PM and don't be late beautiful."

She steps into a stall quickly. I am frozen for a moment then I walk out unfolding the paper with an address. I rush to my dorm as it is already four and I want to clean up and she said to not be late. 

Checking myself in the mirror one more time, my black off the shoulder top and skirt, short and provocative, my straight blonde hair sweeping my bare shoulders, red lipstick applied flawlessly. 

At promptly 7:00 PM, I walk up to the door, about to knock, she opens it, her eyes obviously roaming over my body from head to toe, then glances back up into my green eyes and smiles, saying hello and ushering me inside. 

"You look amazing," she says, her voice a bit husky, as she leans into me causing me to back into the door. Tilting her head, her mouth close to my ear she whispers, "and smell delicious. Your name suits you well" nipping gently at my earlobe, causing a startled and aroused gasp to erupt, my pussy almost drips. 

She pulls away suddenly and I feel her absence, she sees the frown. "Don't worry Jasmine, we are just starting."

She shows me around the downstairs, the last room she brings me to is the dining room where she has a delicious meal and wine waiting. We eat and laugh while we get to know each other. Sitting close to each other, hands on knees, laughing, smiling. 

As the meal wraps up, she blindfolds me. I hear shuffling, and a can. Then something cool and creamy on my lips. I open my lips and taste the sweetness of the cream as the strawberry enters my mouth. My tongue circles the sweet berry. 

Her breath brushes against my ear, purring, sending chills down my spine, goosebumps raise on my skin. 

"Yes, enjoy that nice and slowly, savor it."

I take my time, rolling the berry over my tongue, between my lips. Enjoying the full flavor of the fruit with the cream. 

"Mmmmmmm," I moan. 

After she finishes feeding me the berries, she takes my hand, guiding to a place unknown, up the stairs slowly as I can't see. I hear a door open and we enter and the door clicks closed, I hear a lock clicking. 

Before I know it, her lips find mine, hands all over, mine exploring hers, till she pushes them away. 

"Feel" she orders.

I try to not reach out as her hands explore my body. Then followed by her lips, tongue, teeth. My body is on fire and moans escape my lips when hers aren't there to catch them. 

She backs me up, the back of my knees hitting what seems to be a bed and I fall back. She places my hands above my head and demands me to keep them there and I obey. She works the buttons of my blouse open, my chest exposed. Hands roaming, fingers slipping into my cups. Gasps escaping my lips along with moans. 

She undoes the button on my skirt, I lift my hips at her prompting, the skirt slipping over my hips. She stands back and looks at me.

"Mmmmmm, black bra and matching panties on that gorgeous body, on top of those sexy thigh highs and the garter. you are a piece of art," she proclaims. "Jasmine, my beautiful little blossom. You look as delicious as you smell." 

She bites my neck and I let out a little growl, my back arching. She slowly works her way down my body, nipping, biting, licking. she works my blouse the rest of the way off, placing my hands back over my head. 

She arches her back now as she goes back over my body, dragging her nails over my skin. Her mouth connecting with my skin again along my stomach, she kisses the top of the garter and then over the front of my panties, and I growl again, twisting. 

"Uh uh uh," she chides, "stay still."

I still my body with effort, all kinds of sounds of pleasure spilling from me. She starts continuing down the front of my thighs, rolling my stockings down as she goes. Then down my calves to my ankles, slipping my stockings off before she rests her hands on my knees separating my legs slowly, a longing moan escaping my lips as my back arches. 

Slowly she works her way up the inside of my legs to my knees, she takes one leg, holding it in the air. She kisses the back of my knees, sucking the skin between her lips, surprising me at the sensation, a pleasured gasp escaping. 

She is then back between my legs now biting up my thighs, she grabs the tops of my panties and yanks them down hastily, and pulls them off, she touches my lips. I can feel my wetness on them already. 

She runs her palms over my pussy, one after the other, almost massaging my lips. Trying to not wriggle and move, I bite my lip, tasting blood, moaning. 

She brings her face to my lips, kissing them, tongue slowly exploring, teasing. she flicks my clit, I inhale sharply. She sucks it into her mouth, I moan, then she bites and I let a scream out in pleasure saying don't stop. At that, she stops her gentle teasing and gets rougher, she slides a finger then two inside me. I explode at the first swipe across my g-spot. Screaming, hips bucking. She continues her work on my pussy, bringing me to orgasm again and again, licking all the juices up.

Finally, she raises her head, saying, "You are just as sweet as I thought you would be. Just like a sun ripened peach. Want to taste?"

It takes a moment as my senses return. I feebly shake my head yes. She brings her fingers that were in me to my lips, I part them and she slides them in. 

"Mmmmmmmm," I respond. 

After I clean her fingers, she moves back up my body and kisses me. I can taste myself on her lips, in her mouth, as my tongue explores it. Taking one hand in hers, she guides me to her wet pussy. 

"Touch me how you touch yourself,"she prompts. 

I don't need another invite, my fingers go to work, caressing, teasing, rubbing, stroking, delving.

She is idly stroking my pussy as I pleasure her as I do myself. The sounds of her moans are the sweetest symphony to my ears. Learning her quickly by feelings of her body moving and sound, I figure out what she enjoys most, pushing her over once. I continue teasing and pleasuring her now bring her to the edge again and again. She growls in my ear and bites my earlobe. Her fingers then delve back inside me. 

"Oh god, yes," I moan out. 

I am to distracted now to realize when she is about to cum this time but she groans out, "cum with me baby." 

I crest with her as her and my moans of ecstasy fill the room and I am sure the house. We collapse, fingers sitting inside each other's throbbing bodies. 

After a moment, I pull out, bringing my fingers to my lips, wet with her juices. 

"Taste it," she instructs quietly. 

I do as told, her taste exploding in my mouth, moaning in pure pleasure. I realize I should share so I slide my finger back inside her then and bring it to her lips.

Pausing, she removes my blind fold before my finger can touch her lips, she gently holds my hand, kissing the palm, eyes on me. Along the finger to the tip her lips dance. Never breaking eye contact, she opens and allows my finger all the way into her mouth, circling it with her tongue, lips wrapping around the base as she sucks. Another moan escapes me as I feel the intimacy in the moment. 

Once she releases my finger, my lips are alive against hers. Soft at first, then deep long kisses. 

She breaks away for a moment and grabs a blanket. Covering us both together, she pulls me in for another kiss as we roll to face each other. Her finger then tracing my lips to keep me quiet, moving to sweep the hair away from my face. Fingers now in my hair gently combing it. 

"Rest now baby," she rests. As I stare into her eyes, I feel sleepy, and before I know it, I drift off. 

I awake, the early morning sun pouring through the window. She has me wrapped in her arms. I smile and sigh contentedly as I listen to her calm, rhythmic breathing, falling again into slumber, knowing that we found something special.