 Noami:

Why did Jay come over? What does this even mean? How could I be so interested in someone I don't even know. Maybe it was the sex last night. Yeah, maybe that's it. I just need to get over the fact she's the only person to ever make me cum.

I walked into my apartment and Julia was sitting on the couch staring at me.

"Yes Julia?"

"Who the hell was that?"

"Jay. The, um, woman from last night." I walked into the kitchen to avoid her look.

"Is that right?" I heard the giggle in her voice but ignored it.

"Mmmmhm." I walked out of the kitchen into the bathroom to peel my face mask off.

I walked back into the living room and sat down next to Julia.

"Are you going to see her again?" She asked.

I shrugged my shoulders, "I don't know. She told me to call her if I want to hang out again. Like I enjoyed myself last night don't get me wrong, but I don't even know her."

"That's why you hang out with someone, to get to know them." She poked my thigh.

I nodded, taking in what she said, "Yeah. I guess it couldn't hurt hanging out with her. I mean she is super f'n sexy."

"DUUUDEEE" She yelled, "She was fucking beautiful, you're lucky I didn't see her first." She laughed, turning our movie back on.

I grabbed my phone, going to Jay's message she texted me from earlier.

{Me:} Hey, It's Noami.

{Jay:} I know who it is beautiful.

I blushed, staring at the message not know what I was going to say.

{Me:} Well, I was wondering if you wanted to hang out. 

I felt like hours before she answered, but it was really like a few seconds.

{Jay:} Yeah, sure. When?

{Me:} Tonight? We can hang out here, if you want.

Tonight? Seriously Noami, what are you doing? Tonight? Too late now.

{Jay:} Cool. What time?

{Me:} Um, maybe around 7 or 8.

That gives me two hours.

{Jay:} Okay, I'll bring dinner.

{Me:} Sweet.

I was waiting to see if she was going to answer, but she didn't. I turned to Julia.

"I invited her over. I'm not sure what we're going to do." I said biting my lip.

"Watch some movies, talk, get to know her. Just relax."

"Yeah..yeah..yeah, want to hang with us?"

She shook her head, giggling, "No way Jose, this is your date. Not mine"

I rolled my eyes and laid my head on the armrest. Thinking about what I should wear. This doesn't classify as a date. Does it? NO. It can't be, just two strangers hanging out. I like the idea of watching a movie so it's not so awkward. 

"Do I dress up or casual? I'm not sure what I'm doing here."

"Casual. You don't want to wear a dress"

We laughed at that.

"Ok thanks."

I got up to go raid my closet. It only took me 30 minutes to pick out a perfect "casual" outfit. I landed on an olive-green sweater that has a plunging V-neck, hopefully she likes it, and a pair of dark jeans. No socks, I get my feet done every week. I took a shower and got dressed. I let my hair down, my curls are nice from being up in a ponytail all day. I didn't put any make-up on, I like how I look naturally. After an hour and a half, I was ready. I walked into Julia's room where she was changing her clothes.

"Are you leaving?" I asked her.

"Yeah, I want to give you some space. Plus, Lacey invited me to dinner."

"You don't have to go, watch a movie with us." I was getting nervous being alone with Jay.

"No. I already made the plans with Lacey, I don't want to cancel because you're nervous."

How the hell did she know?!

"I...I'm not THAT nervous Julia." I tried to play it cool. I turned around when I heard someone knock on the door.

I looked back at Julia, who shrugged her shoulders.

I turned around to open the door. When I opened it, I froze, it was Jay. She was wearing a white t-shirt and basketball shorts. I became so nervous with her standing her. I was staring at her face then looked down at her lips and wanted to kiss them but didn't. I realized I was staring when she smiled at me, lifting the Chinese food she bought.

"Oh, I'm sorry. Come in," I waved her in.

She laughed, and it made me smile, "How are you? Since this morning."

"I'm okay, happy you agreed to hang with me."

She looked down at me, "Really?

I love her height compared to mine. 

I nodded my head, blushing at her serious stare.

"Well I'm glad you asked, didn't think you would."

Julia walked in before I could answer, I turned to Julia who was staring at us with her eyebrows raised. I looked up at Jay and didn't realize how close we were to each other. I stepped away and waved my hand towards Julia

"Jay this is Julia. Julia this is Jay."

Julia smiled at Jay and reached out to shake her hand, "Hello Jay."

Jay smiled back, "Hey, where you the one at the club with Noami?"

Julia nodded. "Yes, that was me. I'm Noami's roommate and best friend since we were like 7." She said laughing.

Jay looked me up and down, "Is that so?"

I just nodded my head. Loving her eyes on my body.

"Well, I'm on my way out. It was nice meeting you Jay. Have fun you two." Julia left. Now we're alone.

"Want to eat and watch a movie?" I asked Jay who was still staring at me.

"Yeah, what are we watching?"

"Is there anything you don't like?"

She was putting the food down on my coffee table, pulling out forks so we could eat out of the container, "I like everything. You can pick."

I nodded, turned around and bent down in front of my movie collection. I heard Jay stop moving and looked over my shoulder to see if she was okay, but her eyes were on my ass. It made me blush watching her stare at my ass. I turned back around and picked a movie. I decided on something funny, Deadpool.

"Have you seen Deadpool?" I stood up showing her the cover.

"Nope." Her voice was deeper and raspy.

"It's funny, promise." I said wiggling my eyebrows. Jay laughed. I put the movie in and flopped down on the couch next to her.

She handed me a container of beef and broccoli, "What if I didn't like Chinese?" I said giggling.

Jay shrugged her shoulders, chuckling, "I figure everyone did. Thank god you do."

I started eating and felt her looking at me, I turned my head, "Yesssss?"

"You look beautiful." I blushed and turn back to the tv.

We were sitting in a comfortable silence watching the movie and eating. Jay seemed to enjoy it, she was laughing the entire time. I got up to grab a beer, I turned to her. "Want a beer?"

"Sure." She paused the movie and followed me.

"You didn't have to follow me you know?" I said laughing.

"I know, but I didn't want you to miss the movie. Plus, I wanted to watch your ass while you walked." She smiled.

I didn't know what to say, I got nervous. I reached into the fridge and grabbed us two beers. I handed her one.

"Thanks."

"No problem." My voice was higher than usual. I need to calm down.

We sat there in my kitchen drinking our beers. Jay then stopped and looked at me, "Can I kiss you again?"

I looked at her, I can feel how red my face was. I put my beer down, "Do you want to Jay?"

I became confident and I don't know where it came from. Something about her just made me want to tease her. Thinking about her wanting me, gave me this confidence.

Her blue eyes became darker, "Of course gorgeous."

I stepped over to her, wrapping my hands around her neck, "Yes you can kiss me."

She licked her bottom lip and I stood on my tiptoes then smashed my mouth onto hers. I heard her groan and grip my ass. I moaned, pushing my breast into hers. Jay's hands on my ass and her tongue in my mouth was making me soaking wet.

JAY: 

Noami texted asking to hang out. I was excited to be seeing her again. I rushed over there with Chinese food. She answered the door and I wanted to fuck her right then and there, but I didn't. Sadly. She looked so cute.

We were relaxing and just watching this movie she picked out when she offered me a beer. I followed her into the kitchen where I asked to kiss her, but she ended up kissing me. I grabbed her ass pulling her closer into me. I heard her moan into my mouth which made me think it was okay to proceed. I lifted her up and sat her onto her counter then started working on unbuttoning her jeans.

When I got them unbuttoned, I felt her hands-on top of mine. I was lost in trying to touch her I didn't realize she was stopping me. I stopped, stepped back and held out my hand for her to use to jump down.

"I'm sorry. I should learn to control myself a little better." I stuffed my hands in my pockets looking at her lips.

"It's not your fault. I shouldn't have kissed you like that." She said, patting her beautiful hair down.

I stepped closer to her, looking into her eye, "Never apologize for kissing me. Keep doing that." I said the last part smiling.

She blushed at that, I always want to see her blushing. She nodded her head at me.

Noami started walking to the living room and of course, I followed. I love walking behind her.

"You know, I want to get to know you. I'm not sure why I want to so badly, but I do, and I don't think fucking you is the way to do that right now." She said seriously, sitting down on the couch.

I raised my eyebrows, "Right now you say." I said laughing, wiggling my eyebrows.

She laughed at my goofiness. I'm usually so serious, I don't why I'm joking with her, but I love hearing her laugh, so I will keep trying to make her do so.

"But seriously Noami, I understand what you mean. You really want to get to know me?"

"Yes, as much as you want to tell me."

I can't tell her what I do for a living, she'll kick me out and I don't want to mess whatever this is up. I will just avoid it.

"Okay, what is it that you'll like to know beautiful?" I leaned back on her couch resting my arm behind her head. I felt her scoot closer to me. I smiled.

I can tell she was thinking of what to ask, "Um, is Jay your real name?"

I shook my head, "Nope. My name is Jude, but everyone just started calling me Jay, so it stuck." I said grinning.

She studied my face for a long time, "I like it, Jude."

"Thank you, little mama." I said, taking one of her curls into my fingers playing with it.

She smiled watching my fingers, "Where did you grow up?"

I shuddered at remembering my old home, "I grew up in Virginia."

"With whom, if you don't mind me asking."

"My mom and then my granddad. Where did you grow up?" I wanted to get the questions off me.

"I was raised here, in LA by my parents. I have two sisters I am the middle child."

"That's nice. It was just me and my younger sister. Then we got split up."

"Why?" she looked at my concerned.

I didn't want to tell her too much about my past, but I didn't want to keep anything from her for some reason. It was her eyes that made me want to tell her. They looked so worried for me. 

I cleared my throat, "Well, um, my mom couldn't take care of us. I went with my granddad and my sister went with a family." I rubbed my thigh, getting uncomfortable.

I think she saw how uncomfortable I got because she changed the subject, this woman is a saint, "Oh okay. Well, what do you do now?"

I looked over at her, searching her face, "I own a business, well Frankie and I do."

"Who's Frankie?"

"My business partner. Like you and Julia, we've been friends since we were kids. She lived next door to my granddad."

"Oh, is that right? What is your business?"

Shit.

"To be honest, Frankie is the brains behind it and I'm more of the muscle. What do you do Noami?"

She nodded, taking a sip of her beer, "I go to school and work at an animal shelter."

"An animal shelter hm? What are you going to school for?"

"To become a vet. Since I was younger I knew I wanted to work with animals. I'm very nervous though."

I downed the rest of my beer, "Why?"

I felt her fingers tracing my tattoos on my arm, giving me goosebumps, "Because I am deathly afraid of rats."

I started laughing. Noami hit my arm, "Stop laughing at me, it's not funny." But I heard her start laughing too.

"I'm sorry, but it was just funny how you said it. Why are you scared of rats? They're tiny." I was still laughing.

"I hate their tails, they are just so creepy." She said shaking her arms out.

I laughed, "You're adorable."

She looked at her phone, looking at the clock, "I didn't realize it was so late." She bit her lip.

"Yeah I should probably get out of here." I went to stand up and brushed off my pants.

I started to clean up the coffee table and felt her staring at me, I looked at her. She wasn't saying anything, so I kept cleaning. I went to go throw away our trash and heard Noami walking into the kitchen.

She stepped in front of me, "I would love to hang out again."

"Me too beautiful. Just let me know when you're free." I kissed her cheek and started walking towards the door.

She was walking behind me, "Are you free tomorrow? I would love to take you to my favorite restaurant." She asked.

I smiled, turning around to face her. She was fidgeting with her nails which I'm assuming she does when she nervous also biting her lip which she does a lot.

"You want to take me out?" I chuckled leaning against the doorframe, looking at her.

Noami blushed, looking at her hands, "Yeah. If that's alright with you?"

I tilted her head up to look up at me, "Of course it is. I'd love for you to take me out, but I pay k?"

She frowned her eyebrows at me, "No I'm taking you out, so I pay."

I shook my head, "I'm paying. End of story."

She nodded her head; Shit I think she's mad. 

"I just want to take care of you. You go to school and work, let me spend my money. You need it for school and stuff." I said honestly.

"You want to take care of me? Why?"

I shrugged my shoulders, "Because there's something about you that makes me want to take care of you."

She bit her lip, "Well then okay." She pointed at me, "On one condition."

I licked my bottom lip raising my eyebrows, "What is that little mama?"

"I want you to pick me up and take me back to your place after we eat."

I smiled, "Deal. My place it is. See you tomorrow."

NOAMI: 

I woke up excited about me and Jay's date. I'm going to take her to my favorite Italian restaurant. Hopefully she likes Italian food, I should've asked. Oh well now.

{Me:} Hey Jay, what time will you be picking me up?

{Jay:} Is 5:30 okay? I'm working right now so after that.

{Me:} Okay, see ya then.

I put my phone away leaving my room looking for Julia.

"Hey, want to go shopping with me? Jay and I are going on a date."

Julia smiled at me, "A date? Hmmmm? Where are you going? And what are we shopping for?"

I went to grab my purse, "Yeah, dinner then I think I'm staying at her house tonight. I want to buy a nice dress and some lingerie." My face started burning when I said the last part.

Julia started laughing, "Staying the night huh?" I rolled my eyes.

"Let's go"

After about 3 hours in the mall, I finally picked out a beautiful short navy-blue dress with black heels, earrings, and a matching necklace. I bought black lace lingerie, to be specific it was a bralette and garter belt panty set, it hugged my body so nicely. I really hope Jay likes it. I've never dressed up like this for anyone so I'm a bit nervous. I got home and jumped into the shower making sure I shaved everything. I love the feeling of my arms and legs freshly shaved. I get out and rub my body down in lotion.

As I was finishing straightening my hair someone knocked on the door which I assumed it was Jay. I opened it where Jay was standing there with the most beautiful red roses. She looked so delicious. She was wearing a black button up with this red tie and black slacks. Her hair was in two braids. I grabbed the roses and kissed her on the cheek.

"Thanks for the roses. You look very nice."

"You look drop dead gorgeous. Your dress is beautiful, and I love your hair." She said smiling, grabbing my hair.

My face started burning, "Thank you" I started walking to the kitchen looking for a vase. I put the flowers down and grabbed my purse, "Ready?"

Jay offered her arm to me and I happily grabbed it, "Where to beautiful?"

We arrived at the restaurant and took our seats. I ordered some wine to calm my nerves. We ate and chatted about different things, it was a very nice evening. I realized I missed her since last night. Is that weird? I enjoyed her conversation so much that I didn't want it to end, but we finished our desert and I was ready to get her out of those clothes. She paid, stood up and held out her hand to me. I stood up and took her hand. Jay then led us to her car. She opened the door for me, but before I could get in she pushed me against the car, looked in my eyes and reached under my dress. I looked around and tried to stop her hand.

"Jay...What are you doing?"

"I want to fuck you right now. I don't want to wait." She whispered in my ear.

It made me shudder. I moaned when I felt her cup my mound. Then I shook my head, pushing her hand away.

"You have to wait Jay." I bit my lip.

Her face became so serious, I felt bad for stopping her, "Why? I don't like waiting for something I want."

"Because I want you to see what's under this dress." I said more to myself than to her.

That made her smile. Jay stepped back and let me into her car. On the drove back to her house I realized we were driving towards Hollywood. I live by Corona and that is super expensive, so I know living in Hollywood is out of this world expensive. I looked at her, searching her face. She never really told me what her business. I need to know more about her, she seems so mysterious. Every time I ask something personal she flips the topic back to me. I like her, and I want to get to know her. We finally pull up to this parking garage.

She parks her car and we start walking to this very tall building. I look up, "Is this where you live?"

"Yeah. I'm renting out the penthouse for a few months. I don't like being tied down."

I looked over at her, "Why not?"

She stared at me, shrugging her shoulders. "Never had a reason to stay in the same place."

Why was she looking at me like that? What did she mean? Would she one day stay because of me?

I was staring at her until I notice she was at the door holding it open for me. I went in and waited at the elevator. Jay pushed the penthouse button and we sat in silence. It was so silent my ears were ringing.

"Are you nervous?" She asked not looking at me

"A little."

"I like the honesty, but why?"

I didn't answer for a few mins.

"How can you afford this?"

"Like I said yesterday, I own my own business."

"What is the business?"

"Making money." She started chuckling and I looked over at her.

"I was serious, but fine don't tell me." I crossed my arms.

"Awwww come-on little mama. Don't be like that. It's too much to explain, maybe one day I will k?" She reached for my arms, uncrossing them. Taking my hands into hers.

I loved feeling her fingers intertwined with mine. We reached her floor and started walking towards the door. She let us in and I looked around. Taking in her home. It was beautiful. The kitchen was all black, her furniture was this dark red color, there was painting on the walls, but what caught my eye was this big massive fountain of chocolate in the middle of her kitchen island.

I looked over to her, "What's with the chocolate fountain?" I smiled.

"It's my midnight snack, my guilty pleasure if you will." She started laughing.
