 Chapter 2: "Phucking On The Phone."

Jayne sat length-ways on the settee sipping at a long, cool glass of gin drowned in tinkling ice and tonic. She wore a light silk dressing gown over her bra and pants, but even so she could feel the heavy oppressiveness of the night air on her damp skin.

Normally she didn't drink during the week but the weather was unusually sticky, she'd had it up to here with whinging customers and it had taken her two hours to get home, so stuff it, she needed this. It had been a bitch of day. Mostly. 

She thought about the kid on the train and smiled wide. Horny little bugger. The phone rang.

She reached across to the small table beside the settee, picked up the phone and said hello.

"Hello," said a husky voice.

"Hello," said Jayne again. "who's speaking, please?"

"An admirer," said the voice breathily. 

"I beg your par- ,"

"I've seen you around. You've got lovely breasts -"

"What?"

"-and your ass, your delicious curvy ass -," whispered the voice. "-I bet men look at you and it makes their cocks go hard thinking about feeling those big titties and rubbing your gorgeous ass. I bet you like them looking, don't you? 

"I-I - it's none of your bu-. Who is this?"

"Don't you?" hissed the voice.

"I don't want to h-" 

"Do you think they masturbate at the thought of your big tits in their hands? Wouldn't you like them to jerk off while thinking about fucking you?"

Jayne's breathing was getting deeper. A glistening film of moisture began to form on her forehead.

"Well!" demanded the whispering voice.

"Y-yes." said Jayne faintly.

"Yes what? said the merciless voice. "What would you like?"

"For them t-to masturbate."

"WHAT?"

"Jerk off about - about f-fucking me."

"Would it make you horny thinking about someone stroking his erect cock and imagining he was sliding it in between your thighs - rubbing it over your wet pussy lips, parting them, then plunging it inside your soaking cunt?"

A long, breathy oohh escaped from Jayne's parted lips. "Y-yesss," she sighed.

"Feeling it thrusting inside you, stretching your drooling cunt, making your cream gush out-"

"Oooo-oohhh," moaned Jayne.

"-around the fat, swollen head of his big dick. Would it?"

"Mmm-mmm…"

"And after he'd fucked your dripping cunt and his balls were swollen with cum, he would get up and kneel over you and put that big purple helmet up to your face and you'd let him slide it between your lips and into your warm, hungry mouth, wouldn't you?"

"Ooohhh..y- yess," Jayne made an 'O' with her lips and stuck out her tongue.

"And you would suck on his fat prick and lick it with your horny tongue, and then, just when he was about to cum he would pull away and ask you to stroke him, jerk his long cock off over your big tits."

The sweat was pouring off Jayne's forehead.

"Would you do it? Would you?"

"Ooh yess…"

"And you would pull on his stiff dick and rub your erect nipples around his balls and wank him off, listening to him moaning as his creamy cum spurted out and splashed all over your big, bulging tits, drenching you in man-juice, clinging to your nipples – white, steaming cum…"

Jayne was groping one heaving breast, spreading the imaginary sperm over it.

"Would it make you want to masturbate - to finger yourself off?"

"Yes-ssss."

"Yes what?"

"It - it would make me want to - to f-finger myself." Jayne already had her hand inside her panties and was urgently rubbing it over her mound.

"Do you like doing it to yourself - fingering your own cunt-"

"Mmmmm-mm." Jayne increased the pressure on her mound, grinding her hips against her hand.

"- frigging yourself till you cum - till your cunt is pouring with girl-cream?"

At the thought of girl-cream Jayne's pussy surged and she almost came.

"Are you doing it now?" hissed the silky voice.

"Y-yes, mmmm…"

"What are you doing?" 

"T-touching myself." 

"Where? Touching yourself where?"

"Between my legs - under my p-panties"

"On your cunt? Are you touching your cunt? Tell me!"

"Yes-ss - I'm touching my- my cunt."

"Is it wet?"

"I-I think so. I-I haven't -."

"Push your finger inside it - right into your pussy. Do it now!"

Jayne slid her hand down and the tingling lips of her sex parted easily for one probing finger to slip wetly into the glistening flesh. She was soaking.

"Are you wet?"

"Ohh yes-ss, yes" Her mouth was so dry. 

"Really wet?"

"Dripping." She ran her tongue over her lips. She would have loved to fondle her swelling breasts but she had to hold the phone - and her pussy needed her other hand.

"Is it slushy - and sucky?"

"Yes, if I uh - use t-two fingers."

"Do it! Put the phone up to your cunt and let me hear you masturbating!"

Jayne obeyed. She pushed two fingers up into her hot, oily depths and jabbed them in and out like a piston. Her cunt sucked and squished around her fingers, bathing them in a creamy film of girl-juice. She held the phone against her crotch for a while, then she put it up to her ear. She could smell the horny aroma of her own sex on the mouthpiece.

"C-could you hear it?" she asked breathlessly.

"Mmm, y-yes," said the voice.

Did it sound a trifle unsteady - aroused? "Was it nice?" Jayne was gaining confidence.

"Yes," the voice whispered. "s-oo wet."

"Are - are you, uhhnn, touching yourself?"

"Yes-ss, y-yes I am." The voice was aroused!

"Masturbating?" 

Jayne heard the tiny mewling in her ear. 

"Mmmm-mm."

"Tell me what you're doing."

There was a slight pause, followed by a low moan.

"I-I'm lying on the bed, in my nightdress, no panties, nearly n-naked. My l-legs are open - wide open. I've got my h-hand between them, rubbing my - my cunt…aaahhh…" 

Jayne's breath caught in her throat and she surrendered herself to another flurry of finger fucking.

"W-would you like to be here now - watching me fingering myself?" gasped the voice.

Jayne's answered with a long, low mmmmm-mmm. The voice was getting husky with desire.

"We - we could watch each other masturbating, f-fucking our own cunts, our wet, dripping cu- Ohh fuck, FUCK - I'm cumming - CUMMING-GGG…!"

Listening to the sounds of orgasm on the other end of the phone drove Jayne frantic with lust and she forced three fingers into her swollen cunt. In two strokes she was creaming round them.

"Oh Jessusss - me too, me too," she wailed

There was silence on the other end of the phone. Just the sound of rapid, heavy breathing. Then the voice again - breath rasping.

"We- we could d-do it to each other."

Jayne gathered her breath. "Do w-what?"

"Masturbate."

"Y-you mean wank each other off?" 

"Yes. Would you let me frig you - finger-fuck you?" Savouring the crude words.

"Ohh - yess."

"And would you do it to me?"

"Y-you mean put my fingers inside your cunt - and frig you 'til you - you cum?"

There was a long groan of ecstasy from the voice.

"Ooohh yess…yes-sss.."

"Would you kiss me - while I fingered you?" breathed Jayne.

"Oohh yes."

"On the mouth - using your tongue?"

"I'd suck your mouth - lick it, french-kiss your lips."

"Our tits would be rubbing together." Jayne could barely speak.

"While I groped your gorgeous ass."

"I'd lick your fat nipples - suck the milk out of your tits."

"I'd stick my tongue into your hot hole, lick out your juice."

"Aaah fuckk, you filthy bitch." hissed Jayne, imagining the feel of a tongue in her cunt.

"Yes -yes I am - , "The voice was rising. "A dirty, horny, cunt-hungry, filthy bitch - aren't you?"

"Ohh fuck yes. I love cunt, and tits - and -and fingering myself and-and..ohhh I-I'm going to c-cummm..Ohhh my cunt! I've got four fingers inside it, frigging myself."

"Ahhhhh..." wailed the voice.

Jayne's hand was pumping her bunched fingers into her slushing cunt. She was moaning and thrashing about on the settee, her thighs outspread as far as she could, making no attempt to control her passion even if she had been capable of doing so. 

She masturbated deliriously, feeling the hot cream of her pussy pouring out and over her fingers and hand. She dropped the phone and began to rub her free hand across her bulging breasts, gripping them spasmodically and pinching the nipples mercilessly.

Jayne was having multiple orgasms, each one running into the other, and each more intense than the one before. Finally, she raised her ass off the settee, thrusting her belly in the air, her legs and thighs trembling as the massive orgasm welled up in her cunt.

"Aaaa-aaahhhhhh JEESSUSSSS!

Jayne climaxed, the slippery juice of her cum squirting out and over her thrusting hand. Her head was swimming, her breasts heaving with the force of the orgasm. She swallowed several times to wet her dry mouth. Then she lifted the phone.

All she could hear was the laboured breathing on the other end, blowing across the phone. She waited until it subsided a little.

"H-hello?" she said carefully. The breathing paused slightly.

"That was - fantastic." said the voice.

"Did you enjoy it?" whispered Jayne.

"I've lost count of the number of times I came."

"Me too Loren."

There was a pause. Then the voice said.

"Who's Loren?"

Jayne's heart leapt. Then she smiled. "Nice one, Loren. Nice touch. You almost had me worried there."

Silence.

"Hello? Loren? Loren? Stop fooling."

"I'm not fooling -," said the voice. " - and I'm not Loren."

And Jayne recalled that the voice had been whispering most of the time except when she was cumming, but Jayne had been cumming too so she hadn't noticed. The realisation that it wasn't Loren hit her with all the force of a runaway truck.

"Who is this please?" Demanding, trying to control the tremble in her voice, her hands still shaking from her shattering orgasm.

"Does it matter?" said the voice. 

"O course it mat-, look, who are you?"

"You enjoyed what we were doing, didn't you?"

"That's not the point," stammered Jayne. "You pretended to-"

"I pretended nothing." The voice was of a woman, at least as old as Jayne, pleasantly modulated.

"I made a dirty phone call to a woman who I thought - hoped - would enjoy it."

"How do you know me - where from? Who are you? Where did you see me? When?" Jayne fought down the panic.

"Listen-, " the woman said. "I am not some nutcase who wants to pester you and follow you around. I am not a stalker. I did it on the spur of the moment. What I said at the beginning is the truth. I am an admirer." 

She paused and Jayne heard a deep intake of breath before she continued. 

"I have seen you quite a number of times, it doesn't matter where, and I was - am - attracted to you. If you had hung up on me that would have been it, you would never have heard from me again. As it is, after this conversation, you will never hear from me again if you don't want to." 

Jayne was too dumbfounded to say anything. The woman took it as a sign that the conversation was over.

"I apologise for having alarmed you, Jayne. I'm so sorry." she said softly. "Goodbye."

"NO! NO WAIT!" Jayne cried. "Wait." She gave a rueful sigh. "I'm not that sensitive." 

She took a moment to compose herself then she said. "you have the advantage of me. You know my name, where I live, my phone number, what I look like. On the other hand, I know nothing at all about you. Nothing."

"You know more than you think, Jayne." said the woman.

"Like what, for instance?"

"Like that you can arouse me and make me have multiple orgasms without even touching me."

Jayne sensed that she was smiling. "I suppose so, but then - you can do the same for me." She wondered if the woman was attractive.

"I'm not bad looking," she said, uncannily almost plucking the thought from Jayne's head.

"Describe yourself, " said Jayne. "Truthfully."

"Well, facially I suppose I'm quite attractive. I have medium length dark hair, straight. I am five feet three inches tall. My legs are a good shape. My measurements are, well – proportional."

"Married?

"Not now."

"What age are you?"

"Thirty-two."

"What's your name?"

"Amanda."

"You sound lovely. I'd wish I could see you."

"Would you want to?"

"Yes, " said Jayne slowly. "I think I would." There was a short silence.

"Did you enjoy what we did?" said the woman.

"Yes," Jayne said softly. "Yes I did."

"Enough to do it again - sometime?"

"Sometime? How about anytime?"

There was a pleasant tinkle of laughter at the other end, then a little catch of breath.

"You made me so aroused."

"I made you??  Why, I was rolling around here like - like, well- you should have seen me."

"I wish I had. I want to."

"Can we meet sometime- somewhere, Amanda?"

"Yes. But it must be nuetral, at least at first. I want you to see me and then decide."

"A bar, for a drink- somewhere like that - no?"

"Yes," said Amanda, "A bar would be nice. Somewhere quiet."

"When?"

"Me? Anytime, it's up to you."

"Friday- no, Thursday. Thursday night, eight-thirty?"

"Where?"

"Do you know The Dirty Dog?"

Amada burst into laughter. "I am a dirty dog! Sorry, yes I know it. Thursday, eight-thirty."

Jayne was laughing too. "Bitch," she giggled. "You're a dirty bitch. Remember?"

"You too," Amanda tittered. "We both are, and I can't wait till Thursday."

"Me too." whispered Jayne.

"See you then."

"Yes. 'Bye."

"Goodnight, Jayne."

The line clicked and purred. Jayne looked at the silent phone and said. "Jee-suss..!"

The barman watched the players racing up and down the pitch, five minutes into the match and eager to get the first goal. The sound was muted so as not to drown out the piped music but mainly because Thursday night was quiet and most of the few patrons were couples who whispered in the low-lit booths, oblivious to all but themselves. The place was dark without being gloomy. Cosy dark. 

For the two women in the snug at the back of the room it was perfect. They sipped their drinks slowly and whispered questions across the small round table between them.

Jayne had arrived early, hoping to get a glimpse of the woman she had arranged to meet, perhaps thinking that if she did not match the fantasy picture in her mind, she could always sneak out unnoticed. She had sat at a table just behind the door, able to see without being seen. She ordered a drink and watched the door through the mirror behind the bar. Eight-thirty came and went and no single women came in the bar. At eight thirty-five she decided she would go in five minutes. 

"Hello Jayne."

Jayne had turned slowly, thinking now it's too late - to meet the frank gaze of the most beautiful dark eyes she had ever seen. They were framed by a thick halo of gleaming black hair cut to curl in just below the ears. The full lips were smiling hesitantly. Even white teeth. She was lovely.

"Amanda?" Jayne was conscious that she was staring. 

Amanda stared frankly back. Then she gave a little blink and a tiny shake of her head."I'm sorry - I was staring." she said.

"Me too." smiled Jayne. She thrust out her hand. "Jayne Melrose."

"Amanda Falcone." said Amanda. "I have a table at the back - shall we go there?"

They had ordered a drink and were noow sitting across from each other in the intimate confines of the snug. A single low watt table lamp sat between them, washing soft light over their faces.

"Falcone," said Jayne. "that's not an English name."

"Italian. Both my parents are Italian." Hence the beautiful olive skin. "I was born here."

A short silence. A sipping of drinks. Jayne said. "How do you know me?" 

Amanda's head dropped and she looked at her drink. She smiled.

"I don't really know you, Jayne. I saw you about a month ago on the train on the way home from work, and I followed you."

"Followed me?" Jayne's brow furrowed. "Why would-?"

"I followed you home, and got your address. After that it was a simple matter to get your phone number."

Jayne was watching her intently.

"That wasn't the last time I followed you, though. I did it several times after that. Sometimes almost up to your door."

"But why?

"I told you on the phone the other night - I was attracted to you."

"A total stranger?"

Amanda looked up at her. "I know." she said and took a sip of her drink. Jayne looked at her throat moving as she swallowed. Her neck was long and smooth. 

Jayne thought of kissing it. "Sexually?" she said.

"Yes." Amanda said huskily. 

Jayne swallowed dryly. That yes was like a hot mouth on her nipples. She felt the tremblings of arousal in the her belly. Under the table her thighs drifted slightly apart.

"Why me?" Jayne leaned a little across the table, suddenly conscious of her breasts being crushed by her folded arms.

"Why not you?" said Amanda softly. "You're luscious."

"Luscious?" Jayne almost laughed. She had never been called luscious before. But Amanda was looking right into her face. Jayne was looking at Amanda's full mouth as it formed the words.

"Luscious," Amanda said again. "Absolutely lushiouss-s." She hissed the last syllable, staring into Jayne's eyes with those beautiful dark ones. Jayne felt her heart lurch and suddenly there was a surge of fullness between her legs.

"Jesus." she whispered.

"What's wrong?" said Amanda, reaching out and touching Jayne's arm.

"I think I've had an orgasm." 

Amanda gave a low oohhh and furrowed her brow. She bit lightly on her lower lip. "What gave-?" she whispered, eyes smokey.

"You - and your - your luscious!" breathed Jayne. "You made me cum!"

Amanda reached out and squeezed Jayne's arm. "That's so good," she whispered. "I want to make you cum, and cum and – shhhh!" 

She let go of Jayne's arm and turned as the waitress approached the table. They ordered another drink.

"That phone call?" said Jayne, when the waitress had delivered fresh drinks.

"That was a gamble - God was it ever." said Amanda. "It was one of the most outrageous things I've ever done. I was blushing like a rose when I was dialling your number. And when you answered…"

She phewed and shook her head. "If you had hung up…"

"But I didn't."

"That's right - you didn't."

"What did you think when you were following me? How close were you?"

"Sometimes only a couple of feet away."

"Feet?"

"Yes. I could smell your perfume."

"What did you do - I mean-?"

"I ogled your body." Amanda's voice was breathy, nostrils wide. "Your legs and your breasts - and your gorgeous jutting bum in that white, tight dress."

Jayne was amazed. "You saw me in that?"

"You only wore it once during that hot spell. I wanted you to wear it every day. I could see the outline of your whole body through it, imagine what you were like without it - Oh Christ, Jayne, I'm getting so horny."

Jayne slipped off her shoe. "Open your legs." she whispered hoarsely, at the same time stretching her foot below the table and up between the compliant thighs of the other woman who was wearing no tights or stockings. She rested her heel on the edge of the seat. 

"Press against my foot." she said.

Amanda felt the toes of Jayne's foot wriggling insistently against her pubic mound and pushed herself forward. Jayne felt the heat of her through the silk panties. 

"Keep talking," she said. 

Amanda's thighs closed around her writhing foot and she began to make small, unobtrusive grinding motions, pushing the bulge of her mound against it. Her tongue kept darting out and wetting her dry mouth.

"Tell me more Amanda." 

"I would follow you, getting as close as I could, looking at your body moving underneath that dress, thinking about touching you, k-kissing you on - on the mouth - french kissing, with our tongues- ." 
