 After several climaxes from her mother sucking her pussy, Jean finally had enough and Agatha was completely wasted. Before she left the room, she told her mother that Mona had invited Helen DeMerit, the manager of her agency over to meet them. A fashion outfit had been ordered for her to wear and would be delivered soon. "When it arrives, bring it up to my room. I've been instructed to shave my pussy in a bikini cut but I'm not sure what that is."

"Don't you want me to help you with the shaving?"

"No, I want you to wait downstairs for the delivery I just got through telling you about. Louise, the upstairs maid, shaves Mona all the time so I'm sure she's qualified to help me."

"But she'll have to see your pussy..."

"She's seen it before like every other female in this house."

The mother still felt a little perturbed to be taking such formal orders from her own daughter and she was shocked and jealous to learn all the other maids were after her daughter's pussy but she had to consider her daughter was under the mantle of Mona's protection and was entitled to do what she wanted with the domestic help, including her own mother. She waited for the delivery and took it upstairs amid a flurry of activity as every maid in the house was helping her daughter to dress.

When the doorbell rang late that afternoon, Agatha went to let in Mona's manager. The woman standing at the door was a very attractive older woman dressed very chic, the leading edge of fashion. Agatha was daunted by such a display of big city wealth and worldliness. She lapsed into an absolute subservience, the like of which she had not exhibited since as a young wife, she had met the owner of all the bottomland in the county. The man had owned the very land she and her husband had farmed on shares.

Fawning over the lady, just short of bowing and scraping, she was incredibly thrilled when the woman reached around under her skirt and pinched her bottom. She could do nothing but blush and giggle in embarrassment, her hand up to her face. Such submissive behavior charged the older woman's predatory nature and she reached under the skirt and boldly cupped Agatha's pussy through her ruffled panties. Agatha could only stammer and hold her hands behind her back as though to ensure that she would not attempt to interfere with what the woman was doing.

"What a cute outfit, I'm going to have to get one for my maid. Oh, you do look so sexy; I may have to spank your saucy behind for being so adorable." The woman chattered as they entered the living room where Mona and Jean awaited.

Mona came over and grabbed the woman as soon as she entered and led her over to Jean who stood to meet her. "Jean Engels, this is Helen DeMerit, the woman I wanted you to meet. Helen is manager of the Gearhart Agency. If she thinks you can be a model, we are going to launch your new career immediately."

Helen was visibly stunned by the perfect beauty of the girl. Her eyes widened in amazement as she gazed in rapt admiration. "My heavens, I can't believe you are not already on the cover of every magazine in the world. Where have you been hiding? Has any other agency seen you?"

"Why, no, I have lived most of my life on a farm but we lost it on account of poor soil."

"Thank goodness for that. Else you never would have come to the big city to share your beauty with the world. You are absolutely ravishing. If we could clone you a few times, every other model would just have to get a breast augmentation and settle for the skin business because they would all be totally out of work. Listen, I have a contract with me, I brought it presuming the things Mona said about you were true and I can see that she was not nearly extravagant enough in her claims."

Mona suffered some trepidation because this woman was used to looking at the most beautiful women in the world and had succumbed so quickly to Jean's ravishing charms. Seeing Helen capitulate so quickly made her fearful about what she was helping to create.

"This is a standard super model contract that a girl is not usually offered until she has already made it big but, in your case, I think that's just a matter of time. Salary is based on a percentage which is the only way to make really big money. If you are willing to work hard and travel a little, the money will flow like a river. I brought some things for you to try on, just diaphanous wrap around things that would fit anyone of normal proportions. Do you mind doing that just so I can say that I interviewed you? I would hate to sign someone to this type of contract who ended up having a tattoo or other disfigurement somewhere on her body. You understand?"

"Jean wouldn't mind a bit and I'm sure you will enjoy it immensely." Mona interjected, suddenly desirous to see Jean in the outfits Helen selected. Helen handed Jean two shopping bags and Mona told her to change in the bedroom down the hall. Agatha was summoned to assist and the mother took the bags and led her daughter to the next room.

When they were gone, Mona grabbed Helen's hand and led her over behind an alcove where she removed a huge painting and set it on the floor. There was a large one-way mirror. "My stepfather had this installed so he and mother could spy on some of the couples at their swinging parties who were too shy to do anything in a crowd."

"Mercy, I hope they never used it on me!"

"Oh, yeah, you're so intent on protecting your modesty. They could get you to do anything right here in the living room. You'd flaunt your pussy in church if there was the slimmest chance the deacons were not heavily armed."

They were watching as Agatha led Jean in and began undressing her. With each article of clothing removed, Mona and Helen had to squeeze their thighs together in search of relief. Helen quickly got behind Mona and humped her ass savagely, watching over her shoulder as Jean's nakedness was revealed. Mona had to put her hands to either side of the mirror to keep from being driven through it. Inside the bedroom, Agatha was overcome by the sight of Jean's shaven pussy and knelt down to suck her bare, baby-looking pussy.

"Why that horny old whore, I certainly didn't know this was going on." Mona commented.

"What? That your little maid has the hots for your niece? I would be surprised to find one around here that didn't."

"She happens to be her mother. I'm making her be the maid as a sort of retribution for the way she once treated me as a young girl."

"For Pete's sake, imagine holding a grudge that long. That is one very attractive woman. I wouldn't mind giving her a work out on my wet cunt."

"Good, you can have her and I'll take the daughter."

"Well, I didn't say that but from the way they're going at it, we should be able to have our way with both of them. I love a young girl who likes pussy."

"I'm not sure she does. I've never known her to go down on anyone. Mostly she just allows things to be done to her."

"I think it would be asking way too much to expect her to sully that extravagantly beautiful mouth on another woman's nasty cunt. It is enough that she allows other women to pay homage to her. I've had models with a lot less natural charm who thought such an act was beneath them. I would be content to enjoy her youth and beauty."

"From the way you are humping me, I bet you wish you'd brought your strap-on."

"Oh, I did, honey, I just don't want to waste it on your sorry ass. I'd like to do the daughter while you make the mother suck my butt."

"I can make her do anything. She expects any minute to be thrown out on the street. She knows she was very cruel to me and was surprised that I even took her in."

"I bet you took one look at her daughter and signed the house over to her, didn't you?"

"No, but I certainly lost al thoughts of retribution."

"You better be a little nicer, with the money that girl will make, you might end up being her mother's maid."

"I'd sell my ass on the street first."

"You'd starve to death, have you ever looked at the competition?"

"You seem to like it enough, the way you're going at it."

"Honey, I'm just teasing you. You know I never make jokes about anything when it's true." Helen reassured her, then couldn't help but add, "Haven't you ever noticed that I don't make any ugly jokes when you're around?"

"Oh, you loathsome old crone, I need to get my bullwhip after your scrawny old ass."

"Promises, promises, you haven't even bothered to give me a hand spanking in several years."

"That's just kind of the way I'm made. I've seldom lusted after something I've already had. Even with young girls I have trouble getting interested a second time."

"Look, they're ready to leave. We better get the painting re-hung."

"No, let's just leave it, no one will come in here and there should be some more shows since you brought so many outfits. Let's just be cool and let them play around together when she changes. The mother-daughter thing turns me on."

"Okay, but I don't know how long I can stay cool, that daughter has my hormones in an uproar already. I was thinking about asking her if I could eat the shit out of her ass just so I could see where it came from."

"Come on, we'll find a way to get her to bare her bottom without you having to demean yourself that much."

They just made it to their seats when Agatha entered and held the door for a few counts before Jean made her entrance clad in a filmy tan and brown nightdress that blended perfectly with her coloring, especially her magnificent bronze colored hair and eyes. Her gorgeous breasts were bare under the gauzy material making her nipples visible and one fantastically shapely leg jutted out every alternate step from between the folds of the gown as she walked. The seated women were beside themselves with delight as they feasted their eyes on such unbelievable loveliness. Jean swung around in a smart turn and the skirt billowed out, exposing a glimpse of her provocative legs.

"Jean, darling, would you mind lifting your skirts and letting us see how the panties look?" Helen asked meekly.

And Mona thought that for Helen, waiting until after the turn was about as cool as she was capable of being. Jean hoisted the voluminous skirts and held them around her waist and rotated slowly. The panties were bikini cut with a thin strip covering her shaved pussy and a throng exposing her luscious asscheeks to the rapt stares of her audience.

The rest of the afternoon was spent with Mona and Helen running to the one-way to watch Jean getting dressed with Agatha taking liberties, then the women were trying every tactic to get Jean out of the clothes when she came to show them. Once Helen asked her to lower the bodice so she could see how she looked in the bronze colored bra and Jean pushed the gossamer material down to the delight of the woman. "I meant I wanted to see how you would have looked had you been wearing one." Helen's panties were dripping at the sight of her magnificent, bare breasts when Jean finally put her bodice back in place.

When the last article was shown, Jean left to get back into her regular clothes and Helen grabbed Agatha and pulled her onto her lap. Immediately her hand shot up under her short skirt. "I want you to stay in here, Jean can dress herself. Open your legs a bit and let me pet your cute pussy, won't you?"

Agatha looked nervously at Mona but Mona just smiled her consent and said, "You keep our guest happy, I'll go see if Jean needs any help."

"Sweetie, let me take your titties out and play with them. You don't mind, do you, dear? That's a good girl." Helen cooed as she worked the bodice down and began to suck on the exposed nipples. Her hand worked on Agatha's pussy until it was creaming copiously. The other hand slid around behind, up under the skirt and down the frilly panties. Still in awe of Helen, Agatha was just coming to realize that sexual attraction had nothing to do with such arbitrary distinctions as social position. Especially with Helen who had no concern that Agatha was a dirt farmer's wife as she launched a multi-faceted assault.

"Come on, Sweetie, loosen up a little. Here, let me kiss you." Agatha obediently bent her head down to touch their lips together but was shocked to feel a wet tongue invading her mouth. Her initial reaction was to jerk away but the soft probing tongue felt so good in her mouth, she relaxed and then she realized she was expected to suck on the invader. Her rising passion blocked out her ingrained revulsion at the thought of touching another person's tongue and Helen felt a sharp upturn in sexual arousal as Agatha began to suck her tongue wildly.

Agatha had never participated in sex with someone who consciously worked on getting her aroused and she was becoming so enflamed from Helen's fingering of her pussy and her ass that she felt compelled to get on her knees. Agatha twisted out of the woman's lap and pushed her chic dress up to her waist and yanked her panties off. What she saw boggled her mind.

She had not seen enough pussies to realize what a rarity it was but she knew the huge clit standing erect as big as her thumb was very unusual. Helen smiled at her astonishment, then reached down to press with both hands against the sides of her clit to free it completely from its hood. "Let me get it completely erect and then, if you're a good girl and take your dress off, I'll let you suck on it. Do you want to put it in your mouth, or do you just want to stare at it? It does seem to enervate most women the first time they see it."

Agatha stood up and let her loosened clothing fall to her feet, then leaned forward to take the huge clit into her mouth. The feel of it pressing against her tongue and the roof of her mouth was causing her passion to soar. She sucked and sucked while Helen pumped her hips as though fucking her face. After two delicious orgasms of her own, she felt an immense, shuddering climax building in Helen. She felt Helen slide her legs as wide as possible, then pulled her mouth off the clit and pushed it down into the gaping hole of her cunt. The juices flowed so intensely that Agatha could not nearly keep up in her compulsion to lick up every drop.

"Swallow those juices you slutty little maid and then I'm going to spank you for being so nasty!" Agatha just cringed at these words, pressing her thighs together as the masterful woman took charge of her desire. Then she nearly swooned as she crawled up over the woman's lap and fitted their pussies together, hoping during the spanking she could somehow get the huge clit worked up into her yearning cunt.

Inside the adjoining bedroom, Mona just watched in lascivious delight as Jean shed the baby doll pajamas she had been modeling that had almost driven her and Helen over the edge.

"Helen wants to fuck your mother so I volunteered to come in and help you dress." Not that she felt compelled to explain her actions, she just never missed an opportunity to demean Agatha as though it in some way detracted from Jean's overwhelming aura.

"But she's a woman; she doesn't have anything to fuck Momma with."

"They made a rare exception in her case."

Perplexed, Jean nonchalantly slid the baby doll panties down and off, then picked them up to fold them together with the top and return them to the shopping bag. Then she just walked around in her free, naked state while Mona sat transfixed by her stunning beauty.

"You can keep anything there that you would like." Mona told her, indicating the two shopping bags.

"Oh, I would like to keep all of it. I've never had such fine things to wear. I just don't know where I'd wear any of this; they all seem to be intended for somebody's honeymoon."

"I'd be glad to take you shopping and buy you things you can wear on other occasions besides a honeymoon."

Jean ran to where Mona was sitting and jumped into her lap. "Oh, would you really? I would love that! I've never been shopping, Momma'd just pick up whatever I needed that we could afford at the big K-mart in the next town when she was there." As though to demonstrate her gratitude, she rubbed her luscious, naked asscheeks tantalizingly around the woman's lap. Mona had never encountered such girlish glee over such a small thing. Whenever she bought things for her girlfriends, they just accepted it as their due.

"Wait, if you're going to sit in my lap, let me pull my dress up so you can sit on my naked thighs." She said as Jean rose up slightly for her to slide her dress up to her waist. "It makes me so excited when you do that. I'll have to pet your precious little pussy if you keep up that rubbing with your beautiful ass."

"You can pet it if you want to." Jean said as she opened her gorgeous thighs in awesome invitation. "I'll even lay down on the bed and let you suck it if you promise to take me shopping."

"Have you ever sucked a pussy?"

"No, I'm not that kind of girl. Oh, I don't mind when another woman wants to do it to me; it feels great, actually. But I really don't understand why a woman wants to put her mouth in such a nasty place."

Mona felt an irresistible urge to force the issue. Fearful that her gamble would not pay off, Mona knew that the city and especially the money that would soon be coming in would alter this sweet country girl. She did not want to miss what may be her last opportunity with the girl feeling such immense obligation to her. Having her own money would soon dispel any obligations she might feel. Thus she decided to risk making the girl angry, perhaps too furious to be appeased, "That's what it would take to make me want to take you shopping."

"But you offered just while ago to do it for nothing." Jean said, thoroughly perplexed. Then like a bright light turned on in a dark room, she suggested, "How about I kiss it for you, through your panties? Would that be all right?"

The implication that Jean was considering the proposal filled Mona with such raging desire that she could barely talk. "But I want...you to put your...tongue...inside..." The pained look on the classically beautiful face seemed to be leaning towards refusal and Mona's heart nearly stopped at that unbearable prospect. Quickly deciding to settle for half a loaf, she conceded, "All right, just kiss it through my panties and, if you begin to feel like it, you can slide them down if you want to."

"It's not likely that I will like it that much. Are you sure you want to make me do this?" Jean said with undisguised anger as she got down on her knees and resentfully pushed Mona's pretty thighs apart.

Her little girl persona and childish charm evaporated and she was like a churlish child being forced to eat her vegetables. Such an abrupt reaction caused Mona to fear that she had pushed the girl to the very brink of refusal. She immediately began to mollify the girl, trying to shift her mind to focus on what she would receive and off what she would have to give. "Think of the fun we'd have. We could go to every major store and get you dresses, skirts, blouses, and pretty silk underwear instead of those cheap, cotton things your have."

Jean's eyes lit up once again but with still some resentment, she asked, "How long do I have to kiss it?"

"Just for a little while, just to see if you like it."

"I can already tell you I won't like it." Jean complained as she scooted forward on her knees. Mona raised her thighs and hooked them over the arms of the chair. She looked down with some pride at her prominent mound and wondered how a woman could resist it.

Jean bent forward stiffly and placed her closed mouth right on the panty covered mound. The aroma at first repelled her and then began to seem almost intoxicating as her nose grew accustomed to the scent. Her mouth opened of its own accord and her tongue came out and licked tentatively at the soaking wet panties. The tangy taste seemed to combine with the scent to create an almost unbearable amalgamation of sensation. The sharp intake of breath she heard from Mona caused a pang of desire to begin growing in her own pussy. Her tongue was energized and began rolling over the wet panties and pushing up into the cleft where it fluttered insanely. Omigod, she thought, I feel like I want to suck her pussy. Embarrassed and humiliated, she reached up with her hands to grasp the waistband of Mona's tiny panties. She did not look up; she did not want to see the satisfied smirk on the woman's face as her hips raised slightly and the panties came slowly down.
