 The first biker bar she saw did not register as anything but a bunch of motorcycles parked around a seedy looking bar. Then she saw many tough looking females standing around and noticed there were no males. The biker males stayed away from the place after a few encounters with the vicious females but sometimes an unsuspecting male or two would wander in and would quickly be driven away with shouts and jeers and the rattling of chains. The males would usually yield because no glory would be attained fighting women if they won but a lot could be instantly shattered if they lost.

Just such an incidence transpired as Jean drove past. She saw in her rear view mirror the ferocious females driving away a couple of young males who had unknowingly trespassed. Her passion ignited as she realized the type of place this was and she hurriedly found a parking place for her Jaguar and walked back to the bar.

Her intense beauty was met with some measure of awe as she casually strolled in. Even some of the most hardened dykes were intimidated by such perfection. Some, however, were confident enough in their own appeal that they felt challenged by her beauty, rather than cowed by it. These women gathered around her like buzzing bees around an aromatic flower. They jostled for position and tried to intimidate each other. Jean was fascinated by all of them and just as her interest was further aroused by one, another would come up and wrest her attention away.

Then a woman entered the bar preceded by a young femme in a frilly dress who pointed excitedly at Jean as though the woman would never find her on her own. A strange hush fell immediately over the loud crowd and some standing around Jean quickly withdrew so as not to appear to be trespassing. The woman had on a pair of leather pants which clung tightly to her gorgeous legs. Her blouse was white silk and so low cut that her huge breasts threatened to spill out over the top at any moment and they quivered enticingly when she walked. Over that was the standard black leather jacket full of studs and metal decorations.

She turned her back and Jean saw a beautifully drawn silver gray wolf's head on the back of the jacket which either declared that she was a lone wolf and belonged to no gang or she belonged to a pack of wolves. Either way did not matter, Jean was so smitten by her savage appeal. Suddenly her suitors melted away as the newcomer turned to study her with intense eyes. A low murmur ran through the crowd when

Jean stood up and placed her stiletto heel on the chair where she had been sitting. The movement caused her skirt to ride up provocatively, exposing the most faultless thigh anyone in the room had ever seen. The newcomer's eyes glanced briefly at the displayed thigh and then back to her face where she held Jean's eyes riveted to her own.

Then she approached Jean with her large breasts swaying hypnotically, causing Jean's pussy to turn creamy and hot as she stood paralyzed like a bird mesmerized by a snake. "My name's Kate, do you want to spread your pussy over the back of my bike?"

Jean nodded and recovered the use of her limbs as she followed behind the woman, her gaze arrested by the swaying hips and the leather belt slung low around them. When they arrived at her monstrous bike, the woman swung her leg over it and kicked the motor to roaring life. She revved the engine, displaying its power while waiting for Jean to pull her skirt up enough to swing on behind her. Many of the females had scurried out of the bar to watch the model mount the bike. Unmindful of the leering looks, Jean busily lifted her skirt all the way to her waist, exposing her panties completely to the lustful crowd. Then Jean wrapped her arms around the thin waist but the biker girl pulled her arms up around her tits, then the bike's savage power was unleashed and they sprang forward with their speed escalating rapidly.

Jean's fingers found Kate's hard nipples and she held one each between her thumb and index finger as she swayed giddily on the bike, her skirt flying back with the wind, her gorgeous legs completely exposed. She held on mainly by clenching her thighs around the biker's hips. Touching the dominant's nipples and squeezing her hips between her thighs was driving Jean to distraction. She had no idea where they were going but knew she could not refuse if it was straight to hell. Dominant women had aroused her before but this woman was dominant in a barroom full of dominants.

It must have been midnight when the biker pulled up and stopped in front of a run down dirty shack way outside of the city. "I found this place a few months ago and it seemed to be deserted so I sort of claim squatters rights."

"The wolf on your jacket, do you belong to a club or does it mean Lone Wolf?"

"I don't belong to any club, too many restrictions."

"Why don't you write Lone Wolf on it?"

"That would be pretty gauche, don't you think? If I had to write it? Can't you tell it represents a lone wolf since I'm alone?"

"Sure, I guess, if I had more experience with that sort of thing."

"Woman like you coming here, were you slumming?"

"I don't know what that means."

"Driving around to look at and make fun of the poor people."

"No, I would never do that. I've been poor as dirt most of my life. I've just recently made a lot of money as a model."

"Guess you have to suck a lot of ass to get gigs like that."

"Not too many, my beauty opens a lot of doors. I just suck ass for the fun of it."

"Then I guess you'll be sniffing around mine pretty soon. Most girls can't resist it for very long."

"Are we going to go in? I feel sort of cold."

"I didn't notice but you must have left your mink at the bar." Kate said as she swung her leg forward over the handlebars and slid off the seat. She reached to hold Jean as she slid off. There was a camper stove inside that burned propane gas and Kate lit it to make some coffee.

"Momma cooked on a coal oil stove until I was about ten and we got a loan to put in a propane tank." Jean remarked idly, as she curled up on the cot with a quilt wrapped around her shoulders.

"What the hell is coal oil?" Kate asked as she finished with the coffee pot and set it on the burner to boil.

"I guess you would call it kerosene."

"How long have you been off the farm?" Kate came over and sat beside her on the bed. She ran her hand casually up Jean's skirt, pushing it up with her wrist.

"Almost three months now." Jean offered no resistance but widened her thighs invitingly as Kate's fingers pushed against her pussy.

"And you're already a big money model? I guess your beauty does open doors. Though you looked sort of plain to me at the bar, I just took you because I knew you were way out of your league. Those dykes would have sucked you dry and thrown away the husk."

"And what do you plan to do to me? Do you want my panties off or on?"

"First I want you off my goddamned cot and on the floor where you belong."

Jean hastily complied, fearful of the assertive tone. "Why do I have to be on the floor?"

"So you can take my boots off."

Jean struggled with the tight boots and finally slung her leg over, grasped the heel in both hands and leaned forward with all her weight. Taking a step to keep from falling when the boot suddenly released, she set it down and stepped over the other leg. She repeated the process but was more ready for the boot to release and did not have to step forward. She set the boot down, still holding the outstretched leg which she slowly pulled up between her thighs and began to rub her pussy against Kate's knee.

"You left my socks on, slut."

Holding the leg up tighter against her pussy, Jean reached down and pulled off the socks from both feet. "Quit humping my leg and get down there and suck my sweaty toes." Kate commanded as Jean swung around and sat down at her feet with her knees up and thighs spread, displaying her tantalizing panty covered pussy. She held Kate's foot and started sucking each toe and running her tongue between them. Kate was merely following an established pattern that submissive women seemed to expect. The sight of such a magnificently beautiful girl sucking her toes and exposing her panties and puffy mound was causing her to lose concentration.

"Do you really want to go through the whole routine?" She asked Jean.

"I don't know anything about a routine."

"You're a submissive slut, aren't you?"

"I don't know. I 'm fascinated by your aggressiveness, does that make me a submissive?"

"Normally, but maybe not necessarily, do you like to be ordered to do degrading things and spanked when you fail to comply?"

"No, I'm not like that. I just want to be close to your strength and power and beauty."

"All right, I was just going through the motions that I thought you would expect. I wonder if that's happened before and I never realized it, I've always just treated every submissive the same way. Come on up and let's just snuggle a while and forget the playacting."

Although Jean appreciated this new attitude of consideration, she slightly missed the degradation she had felt when Kate was thoughtlessly using her. Gradually, as Kate's tender kisses awakened deeper emotions than casual sexual thrills, Jean began to respond with levels of her soul she had never felt before. She felt her deepest self had been used to make sausage for dogs. She began to feel stirrings of a more honest emotion as she responded thoroughly to Kate with all of her being. For a long time, they mostly just kissed, though Jean could not keep from occasionally touching the woman's pussy once she got the leather pants off. Jean began to crave Kate's saliva like she had other women's cunt juice. Lying on her back with Kate hovered over her, she sucked her lover's tongue as avidly and as excitedly as she had ever sucked a pussy.

Kate knew by the reactions she was eliciting that the supermodel was falling completely under her sway. She felt she could do anything to this enthralled female and she would only come back for more. This feeling of absolute power had always generated in her an awesome desire to dominate and degrade the pathetic women who inspired it. But with Jean, she felt no such emotion. Perhaps it was Jean's humble upbringing that aroused no feelings of spite in the biker. She had no desire to humiliate this person of privilege even though she had always extracted revenge on wealthy women before. She only felt a deep respect and an urgent need to protect and a powerful feeling of attachment. Gradually she allowed Jean to squirm her way down to her pussy and she eventually widened her thighs and let the supermodel suck her pussy to her hearts content but instead of the disgust she usually felt for a cuntlicker, she felt only a need to respond in kind. For the first time with a conquest, she squirmed around so that she could get her mouth on Jean's pussy; she became a contemptible cuntlicker herself.

About noon they were startled out of their sleep by a loud banging on the door. Kate pulled on her pants and jacket and opened the door, stepping out to see a rather irate man berating her, "I knew there was somebody in there. Listen, this is my property and you're guilty of trespassing. Now I suggest if you want to stay out of jail, you'll get your stuff and get on your little tricycle and get out of here!"

The man's obscenely huge van was parked and Kate could see people in it. "We'll be going after a while. This place seemed deserted. We traveled all night and we just need to get a little more rest."

"You're leaving right now or I'll have the sheriff out here to put you off. I'm going to burn this shack down to keep any more riff raff from coming in here."

Kate saw a woman's face peeping anxiously out the window of the van. Hoping to find someone a little more reasonable, she walked over and asked. "Is this maniac your husband? Will you please tell him that we will be out of here as soon as we can but we can't just grab everything and leave on a minute's notice?"

"I'm not telling him anything." The woman replied huffily, "You have no business being here in the first place. Now I suggest that if you want to avoid trouble, you'll mind him immediately like everyone else does."

Kate could see inside the van quite clearly and only a young girl of about twelve occupied the back, despite three large seats. She would have tried talking to her but was convinced pig-headedness ran in the family. "Do you have a cell phone?" She asked the frowning woman.

"No, not with me, did you want to call for a moving van?" The snotty woman laughed at her little joke.

Just then, Jean came out clad in a long T-shirt of Kate's that she found. The man who had been so adamant about them leaving was so stunned by her ravishing beauty that he could not quite make himself move. Grabbing the woman's purse laying on the seat just in case she had a spare key to the van, Kate took it with her as she walked over and picked up a length of rope and approached the man.

"What do you think you're going to do, girlie?"

"I'm going to tie you to a goddamned tree and leave you there until we get ready to leave."

"I'm afraid you're not big enough for such an ambitious project." He said, stepping back into what he imagined to be a deadly defensive stance.

Kate spun around like a furious whirlwind and landed a devastating blow against the side of his head with her foot and, as he fell, she planted two more blows straight into his face. He was out for a good while and came to with his arms stretched around a tree and tied securely.

The wife grabbed her daughter and came running over as Kate was tying the man to the tree. "What are you going to do to us? She screamed. "Do what you want to me but please don't hurt my daughter."

Kate recognized the signs of a complete submissive as she took the woman's hand and led her into the shack. The daughter followed curiously.

"What are you going to do to me? Are you going to make me take my clothes off? I will cooperate fully if you promise to leave my daughter alone."

"We promise." Kate said grimly and Jean had to bite her lip to keep from laughing as the woman surrendered to this savage threat and began pulling her dress up over her head. She hung her head in shame as she reached behind to undo her bra and let her huge titties hang free.

"The panties, too?" she asked with a touch of eagerness, her hands already hooked into the waistband and the panties half down.

"Of course, the panties, how can we treat you like our whore with your panties on?"

"Don't you dare call me those names in front of my daughter." She said more curtly than she intended.

"Oh, so you are defying me already? Get over my lap! I'm going to spank you for your impertinence." Kate announced.

"No. Please don't, not in front of my daughter." The wife squealed as she scurried over with her panties in hand to throw herself across Kate's lap. Kate started slapping her well rounded ass, then inserted one hand between her widened legs to press against her sopping wet pussy. The woman bore her punishment stoically at first as she ground her pussy into Kate's hand. Soon she began to grimace as the blows landed sharply, "Please stop. I can't take any more. I'll...I'll suck you if you'll stop."

"You'll suck my pussy?" Kate asked, punctuated with a vicious slap.

"Yes, I promise."

"You'll suck my feet?" SLAP!

"Yes."

"How about my ass?" SLAP!

"Yes, I will suck your ass."

Kate stopped and shoved the woman to the floor. "Start with my feet." The woman knelt in utter ecstasy and began laving her toes and sucking them into her voracious mouth with such burning desire that Kate expected to see smoke streaming off her toes. Quickly she kissed up Kate's gorgeous legs, leaving a wet trail from her ankles to the top of her shapely thighs. Kate had no panties to impede her so she plunged her tongue into the thick morass of hair, searching for the slit that she craved, her breath heaving hot air all over Kate's crotch.

Once Kate reached a few orgasms, she pushed the woman away so she could rake a breather. The wife walked over to Jean.

"I suppose you're going to want to spank me and make me do things to you, too."

"If you wish," Jean uttered and sat down on the cot as the woman lunged over her lap, presenting her already brightly colored buttocks. Jean lit into her ass with a vengeance, disgusted with her hypocritical behavior. The harder she spanked, the more fervently the woman begged to be punished. She pulled herself up on her knees and spread her thighs obscenely and pleaded for Jean to also spank her pussy. She complied, the woman so wet that each spank splattered moisture everywhere.

After a while, the lady began to cringe under the blows, "Please stop. I'll suck your pussy and your toes and your ass." She conceded. When Jean stopped hitting her, she eagerly crawled down and pulled Jean's toe into her burning mouth and sucked voraciously.

The man tied to the tree heard the screams of pain and ecstasy coming from the shack and assumed they were dismembering his wife and daughter. He would have felt a lot worse about that if he had not been so god awful worried about what they intended to do to him.

Inside, the daughter was curled up in peaceful bliss in Kate's arms. The mother was stretched out on her stomach on the cot with her face buried in Jean's ass, also stretched out on her tummy. "Honey," the lady asked timidly as she tried to lift Jean's gorgeous hips, "can you raise up on your knees so I can get my tongue pushed down into your lovely asshole. I want to do it so bad." She asked with such gleeful, honest desire that Jean complied and even reached back with both hands to help hold her cheeks apart for the woman's ecstatic tongue.

After her final and finest orgasm at Jean's beautiful behind, the mother went peacefully to sleep. They moved her gently to the floor so they could fold up the cot with the camper stove wrapped inside it. Putting her few other belongings in a large duffel bag, they loaded the back of the bike.

When they exited the shack, the man tied to the tree either fainted or tried to pretend he was already dead.

"With all this junk, you'll have to ride up here sidesaddle on the tank," Kate said and then adopted a high-pitched voice, "but I'll let you play with my pussy if you promise not to hurt my daughter." 

Jean could not help but laugh at the fair imitation of the mother. Supposedly fully clothed now, Jean slid up on the gas tank and took full opportunity to undo the front of Kate's pants and caress her pussy. Then they proceeded down the dirt road towards the city. Once the wind began blowing Jean's skirt in every direction, Kate asked, "Where are your panties, Slut?

"Where are yours?" Jean replied as she thrust two fingers up into Kate's exposed pussy.

"I'm wearing pants, I don't need panties."

"Only if you ever manage to keep your fly buttoned," Jean giggled. 

Kate let her play with her pussy as they rode.

"I'm sure the girls will wake up eventually and untie the moronic husband." Jean suggested as she rode with her arm around Kate's neck, pressing their breasts together.

"I guess they will, unless they somehow develop a little intelligence in their sleep and decide to leave him there so they can look for a real life."

"If you want to, you can come to my cousin's place. You can stay there if you want for as long as you like. If you don't like it, I'm looking to build a place of my own soon. I have enough money to buy or build anything you want."

"Don't start building any gilded cages for me, I've never been able to stay in one place very long."

"Oh, that's just because women get quickly tired of this macho persona you've adopted and encourage you to leave. I know much more about you. I intend to keep you with me forever. No one has ever been able to suck your pussy like I can because no one has ever loved it as much as I do."
