 This is the third installment of the "Jeannie's Journey" (with Journey finally spelled correctly haha), so I hope you will choose to read the first two as well! Thank you to all who have read everything so far!

*****

The weekend had finally rolled around, and I was agonizing over the way time seemed to be moving slow as molasses in my last class of the day. My calculus professor was an older man, who came off as very serious in class but when I went to see him at his office hours he was always very friendly to me. Granted, I always wore low cut shirts and bounced through the door, gleefully watching his face burn and beads of sweat form on his forehead as he coughed and beckoned me inside, not even daring to look up further than my feet. It was like that with a lot of my male professors, sometimes they gave me special treatment, and sometimes they were so mad they couldn't fuck me that they were mean to me. Little did they know, that turned me on even more.

I felt like I was crawling out of my skin waiting for the clock to strike three so that I could bolt out of the room and rush back to my dorm to plan for tonight. I had finally mustered up the courage to text Taylor and see if she was down for another round with me and Jack this weekend, and I got back a winky face, a full nude picture of her, legs spread wide lying on a bed, pinching her nipple with one hand and holding the phone with the other, and a simple "when and where babe." I couldn't deny how much of a turn on it was to have her taking charge like this and being so dominant, I had always reveled in being submissive to Jack; fulfilling his every need in bed, and getting insane pleasure from him tossing me around and treating me like a sex toy, it was so fucking hot. Now with Taylor adding another element of dominance to this trio I couldn't help but fantasize about being their pet, their sex slave-having my clothes ripped off whenever they're feeling the slightest bit horny and having Jack stick his hard cock inside me while Taylor rubbed my clit and sucked on my nipples, and I'd have no choice but to do exactly what they said, since they held all the power. I'm getting ahead of myself though, back to me sprinting from the academic building all the way back to my room to get ready for this glorious night.

When I got to my room I tore my dresser apart looking for my sexiest lingerie, knowing my masters (did I really just call them that?) would want me looking as ravishing as possible. I found a black lace bodysuit where the chest was a bit too small and my boobs spilled over a lot but it would have to do, it cinched my already tiny waist and came halfway up my smooth, round ass, the fabric hugging tight like it was painted on. The chest of the bodysuit was lace and see-through and had no cups or support, something my ample bosom and I were not used to, but I decided to go with it and see how they reacted when they saw me. 

I put on my robe (I had a classic trench coat ready, but decided at the last minute that it would be too cliche) and waited. I told Taylor to come at 7 and Jack to come at 6 so that he could help me get over my nerves a little bit, considering all three of us were going to be considerably more sober than the last time we did this. It was 4:45 when I heard a knock at my door. Confused, I closed my robe extra tight so that nothing could be seen, and opened the door to my room to find Taylor standing there, soaking wet from the rain that had been pouring down relentlessly all day.

"Taylor!" I basically squeaked her name in surprise. "You're so...you're so early! We weren't planning to get together until later..." My eyes drifted up from where they had been glued to the floor the second I realized it was her, to see her wearing that very same white t-shirt she was wearing last weekend. It was completely soaked through, like something at a trashy beach wet tshirt contest, and I could tell with 100% certainty that she was yet again not wearing a bra. 

"I know, I'm pretty early." She gave me a wicked smile, letting me know none of this had happened by accident. "But I wanted to make sure I got some time alone with you..." She gently guided my body with hers away from the doorway and into my room, and swiftly shut and locked the door. "I've never really spent any alone time with you. Well, except for that little incident last weekend." Taylor had a lust in her eyes that could not be mistaken for anything else, the kind of lust one feels before they know it's about to be satisfied and they're just counting down the minutes. I hadn't even noticed she'd guided me to the bed until she peeled back the covers, patted the space next to her, and said simply, "Sit."

I immediately filled the space that was by her side. I noticed her gaze beginning to trail down the front of my robe, and as I followed her eyes on my own body I realized why she had been so suddenly captivated-my robe had come undone.

"Oh..." She breathed, obviously warming up a bit now. "If I had known we were going to be so fancy, I would have dressed for the occasion." I started to close my robe back up again and she grabbed my arms and held them back with an immense force I was not expecting. 

"No." She practically growled. "There will be no shyness, no hiding of your luscious body. Understand?" Taylor yanked the shoulders of my robe off and motioned for me to stand up so that the rest could come off and she could examine me. The stern tone in her voice had made my nipples harden, which had in turn made my cheeks burn as I knew she could see every little detail of my breasts since they were pretty much exposed in the sheer black lace. 

I stood in front of her, watching her ogle and salivate over my body, until she finally reached a hand out to gently cup my left breast. She put her other hand on my waist and tugged me in for a sweet, passionate kiss, and then a switch flipped in her. She brought her hand down hard on my ass, making me yelp in surprise and pain. 

"Oh hush up. You know you like it." She shoved me down on the bed and started roughly massaging my breasts, releasing them from the lace they were barely confined in. I closed my eyes and tilted my head back as I thought about how good this was already feeling, and the next thing I knew her tongue was on my nipple, licking and sucking it in a way that made me shudder with pleasure. She moved back and forth between the two and I started to get so, incredibly wet. It certainly did not go unnoticed, as all of a sudden she picked up her head, jumped in the space between my legs, and stuck her face right in my black-lace-clad pussy. 

"Oh god Jeannie, I can feel how wet you are through the lace. Oh god I wanna fuck you so badly. Take everything off, now."

I leapt out of bed with no hesitation and stripped bare. While I was undressing she had taken everything off except for that sexy white t-shirt that left nothing to the imagination. She sauntered over to me and with one finger pushed playfully into my chest, I fell back on the bed and she quickly followed suit. After a couple second of just staring at my glistening pussy, she dove right in. I cried out shocked and excitement as I had forgotten how good it can feel right away; her tongue making its expert circles and swirls around my clit before plunging straight into my pussy, going in and out and in and out and I could feel myself losing grip on the situation. My breath quickened and my hands shot up to my breasts and she pressed harder and harder into my swollen lips, adding now a finger to the mix, switching back and forth between furiously rubbing my clit with it and rushing it in and out of my pussy over and over again. 

My back arched and I gripped my bedsheets, holding on for dear life as I braced myself for one of my most powerful orgasms yet, and all of a sudden, she stopped. I looked at her with shock and sadness and she just smiled and cupped my breast with one hand and my chin with the other. "Oh Jeannie," she sighed, staring into my eyes in a way that was at the same time so uncomfortable and so comforting, "I want you to finish yourself off while I watch."

"Wh...what?" I looked up at her in disbelief. I was SO close, and she knew that, why would she do this? In my heavily aroused state with my hips already gently grinding into my bed, I had no choice but to obey her orders. I stared down in shame as my hand found its familiar place at the top of my slit. I poked one finger through and used the already abundant moisture to pick up where Taylor left off. It didn't take long to get me going again, I had my eyes closed and my right hand rubbing my clit like my life depended on it, with my left hand roughly grabbing my breast, kneading and massaging it and doing anything I could to just be feeling my own body all over. I started moaning as the orgasm began to overtake me. My hand was moving faster and faster as I flicked and pinched and quickly penetrated and rubbed the most wonderful circles, and when Taylor interrupted my orgasm a second time I was honestly furious. 

She grabbed my wrist hard, turned my face towards her, and all she had to say was "look me in the eyes when you cum." And as she released me so I released myself, hips grinding wildly as my whole body convulsed and waves of ecstasy crashed over me. I finally came down sweaty and satisfied, and Taylor directed my attention toward the clock. 

"5:55," she remarked, a tone of amusement in her voice. "Jack'll be here any minute."

"Oh my god..." was all I could respond as I tried to imagine his reaction to walking in on this scene. Would he be mad we didn't wait for him? Aroused that we had just fucked like crazy? A little of both? All I knew was that he was going to bust through the door and demand to be pleasured, and even in my exhausted, personally satisfied state, I knew all I wanted to do was pleasure the both of them.