 Authors note: This chapter contains lesbian sex. It's the first proper consensual lesbian sex scene I've written so apologies for any glaring errors. All feedback/comments gratefully received. Lexi x

*

Once again Jemma was pleasantly surprised at the spread of food before her. As she sat in silence, greedily swallowing down fresh fruit and warm, buttery croissants she forced herself to think of inconsequential things, the play of sunlight reflecting from the sea in front of her window, the sweep of a birds wing as it plunged fearlessly below the water, anything, in fact, except that damn contract and the man she'd signed over her freedom to for the next two years. 

With a sigh she stood, her appetite forgotten as her stomach churned with barely suppressed panic. No, she thought, she wouldn't think of that. 

She didn't even jump this time as the door opened and the younger girl cleared away the breakfast things. If anything, she felt numb, too shocked to protest as once again she was led into the bathroom and those nimble fingers probed and caressed her beneath the water. 

Her orgasm was involuntary with none of the usual pleasant sensations, just something her body did without her consent, like sneezing when someone tickled her nose. She felt no shame or embarrassment this time. She felt nothing at all, her eyes blank and staring as the girl wrapped her in a robe and led her to a padded leather stool in front of a large mirror. 

As the girl started to gently comb out the tangles in her hair Jemma closed her eyes, her expression scaring her. It was as if she was detached from her body, observing from a distance. She'd never felt like this before, like she had no control, like she had no choice. And the worst thing was that she'd given up her freedom voluntarily. Given up her life, her family, Kyle, in exchange for money. 

She'd always wondered how people could fall into prostituting themselves. Had always thought that she'd never be caught in that trap. And yet here she was. Selling herself for money and security. She felt sick. 

***

The rest of the day passed in a haze of household chores and nervous panic. She knew he must come for her soon but it was the waiting that was the hardest part. How soon would he expect her to fulfil her half of the bargain?

The mindless manual labour left her far too much time to think as she peeled endless piles of vegetables and polished white marble floors on her knees. 

She'd been handed a white tunic, similar to that she'd seen on the younger girl, and through the mist she noticed that there were several other girls wearing the same clothing. All young, all performing the same basic tasks. 

The older woman wore a more elaborate dress, still white of course, and she appeared to be in charge, appearing every now and again to bark orders or offer small words of praise before vanishing again. 

Of the debt collector she saw nothing. 

This should have reassured her, instead it increased the tension inside of her. When would he come? When would he take her?

She wanted to ask the other girls if they knew. If they knew what he was like. Was he gentle? Was he kind? Or would he just take what he wanted and throw her aside. She'd never done the whole casual sex scene, all she knew was Kyle, what if he was disappointed in her?

***

As the sun began to set she found herself back in her room, a bowl of what looked like stew in front of her. Feeling nauseous she forced each spoonful down, knowing she had to keep her strength up even though privately she thought it wouldn't hurt her to lose a few pounds. The sheer 'normalness' of that made her giggle slightly hysterically. Only she could worry about her weight in this kind of situation. 

As the enormity of what she had agreed to finally sank in, her giggles turned to hiccups and then dissolved into big, gulping sobs. No tears, she wasn't crying, she wouldn't cry! She heard the swoosh of the door sliding open but she didn't look up. Soft arms wrapped around her and she rested her head on the offered shoulder, burying her face in brown hair and delicately scented skin, the tears finally falling and dampening the other girls tunic as she rubbed Jemma's back soothingly, muttering nonsense words into her ear. 

The stress of the day finally got the better of her and she fell asleep in the younger girls arms with a soft sigh. 

***

Jemma woke to the familiar feel of a warm body wrapped around her. Sighing happily she wriggled closer, still half asleep. Soft arms wound around her waist, delicate fingers stroking gently over the exposed skin of her stomach and up to caress the underside of her breast. Jemma could feel her nipples tightening beneath the sheet and wondered absent-mindedly how it was that this girl, who she'd only met a day or two ago, could know so instinctively how to arouse her body when Kyle didn't.

The girls clever hands roamed over her body and Jemma gave up the pretence of sleep. She knew this was wrong but it felt too good. Rolling over in the bed, she tentatively reached out her hand to touch the other girl, marvelling at the way her nipples shrunk and hardened beneath Jemma's questing fingers.

The girls breasts felt strange in her hands, heavy yet delicate, the skin smooth and soft and warm. Gently she lifted, squeezed, tugged, watching the girls face to gauge whether she was enjoying it. Taking a deep breath, Jemma lowered her head, her tongue darting out to lick around the dark brown aureole, smiling as she heard a small moan escape from the girls mouth.

Sucking the whole nipple into her mouth, she rolled it in her teeth, the unfamiliar hard button pressing eagerly against her tongue as the girl arched her back in pleasure. Dampness flooded between her thighs as she sucked and nibbled at the other girls breasts, pushing her flat on the bed in order to pay attention to both equally.

Curiously she reached down with one hand, fingers delving beneath the sheets to slide over the girls hairless mound. Her pussy felt soft and plump and smooth, the lips parting at the insistence of Jemma's inquisitive hands to reveal hot, slippery dampness.

As if she were touching herself, Jemma stroked down over the girls wet slit, collecting her juices then bringing them up to circle around her sensitive clit. It was strange to touch another girl so intimately, to see her writhing and responding in the same way that Jemma did herself and she felt a strange sense of pride. With Kyle she had always felt so unsure, but here, with this girl, she knew exactly what to do, exactly where and how and how hard to press to give her pleasure.

Sitting up, she stared down at the girl. Her eyes were closed and her mouth slightly open, her small white teeth biting her bottom lip as Jemma's fingers swirled teasingly, causing her to emit small strangled moans as she wriggled and gasped.

Tugging down the bed covers Jemma looked for the first time at another womans pussy, the smooth hairless mound glistening with her juices, the lips slightly separated. It felt wrong to be staring at another girl like this but at the same time so arousing. The scent of the girls juices drifted up, musky and inviting. Did she dare taste her?

Sliding one, then two fingers inside the girl, Jemma paused uncertainly, this was way outside her realm of experience. The girl twitched around her fingers, her pussy squeezing tight as she moaned and bucked her hips, wanting more. Nudging her knees apart, Jemma knelt between the girls legs, her fingers gently thrusting into her as she bent to taste the girl for the first time.

Slowly she licked the length of the girls slit, from where her fingers entered her up to the hard nub at the top. The taste was not at all as she'd expected, sweet, yet tangy and musky and not at all like the taste of a man.

Keeping her tongue flat she continued licking up and down, never stopping in one place. The girl writhed and moaned beneath her, her pussy drenched and contracting around Jemma's fingers with each pass of her tongue.

Adding a third finger, Jemma felt the girls tight channel stretch to accommodate her. Using her thumb and little finger to spread the girls lips Jemma began to draw tight, wet circles around her clit, watching in delight as the girls hands fisted and released rhythmically against the sheets.

Instinctively, Jemma's other hand reached down to her own wetness, moaning against the girls pussy as she felt the evidence of her own arousal. Mirroring what she was doing to the girl she thrust three fingers inside herself, her thumb rubbing frantically over her own clit as her tongue was doing to the girl.

Moving faster now she thrust and licked and rubbed, hearing the girl cry out as she convulsed around Jemma's fingers, squeezing them tight. The sights and sounds and smells of the other girls orgasm were too much for Jemma and with a small, breathy sigh she pushed herself over the edge as well, collapsing on the bed spent beside the girl.

Rolling onto her side, still breathing hard, the girl put her arms around Jemma, pushing their bodies tightly together as she took her lips in a soft, hot kiss. Jemma could still taste the girl on her lips and she grinned as the girls tongue darted out, cleaning Jemma's mouth and chin of her juices before pressing her lips tenderly against Jemma's forehead.

"Time for breakfast," the girl said softly as she climbed out of bed and tugged on her white shift.

Bemusedly Jemma watched as the girl exited the room, collapsing back on the bed to catch her breath. What on earth had come over her?