 Jen was late for work again. It seemed that no matter how hard she tried, she could never get out the door in time. On top of that, she had been out the night before drinking and had definitely partied too hard. She knew it was stupid. She went out with her girlfriends after work for a drink. It was supposed to be a quickie, but the bar was packed with good looking guys and she was enjoying all the attention and free liquor coming her way. Jen had a killer body and she flaunted it. Although only 5'4, she had firm 36D tits, toned legs and a very flat belly. Her friends all told her she looked like a cross between Brittany Spears and Heather Locklear. Jen also dressed to show of her body. She knew that she pushed the limits sometimes with appropriate work attire, but she couldn't help herself. Jen loved making the men salivate and the women jealous. Last night at the bar was no exception.

It was 9:20 when she walked into the office. She tried to slip into her cubicle hoping nobody would notice, but her boss, Lauren Symms, was there waiting for her. "Where the hell have you been?" Lauren demanded. "How do you expect me to get any work done when you just waltz in whenever you feel like it?" Lauren was one of the top salespeople in the company. Her ball-breaking attitude was legendary amongst the staff. Jen was her assistant. Most of the sales force had to share assistants. Lauren brought in so much business that she had Jen all to herself. It was a tough job, but in many ways Jen enjoyed the challenge and the pay was hard to beat. Today was different though. Jen had not seen Lauren this angry before. It was probably because she had a big presentation coming up with a lot riding on it. "Look, I need these reports done by noon," screamed Lauren. "As for your tardiness, I'll deal with you later." Jen's heart sunk when she heard that.

The day progressed and Jen was getting all of her work done. Lauren just kept giving her icy stares all day. It didn't help that she was also a very imposing figure. Lauren was about 5'10 and while not fat, was certainly a well-built woman. She always wore a very conservative business suit which covered her body. The one thing she couldn't hide was the fact that she had huge tits. Jen used to laugh thinking she must have industrial strength bras made to hold he knockers in so tight. Lauren had made it very clear to Jen that she was not to leave until given permission.

At 6:00, when everyone else had left, Lauren buzzed Jen. "Come in here Jennifer." She immediately got up and went in to the office. "Shut the door," Lauren quipped. "Listen young lady, I don't know who the fuck you think you are, but things better change around here if you want to keep your job." Jen's eyes started welling up. "You think I don't notice how you come in here, barely dressed, thinking you can do whatever you want just because you have a nice smile. Just look at what you're wearing now." Lauren got up and went over to Jen. "Stand up." Jen did as she was told. "Look at this. You think you are so hot." Lauren pulled at Jen's tight sweater and then lifted her skirt."

"Oh, and look at this. Little miss sexy has on thong panties so all the boys can see your ass and have quick access to your pussy." With that, Lauren ripped off Jen's thong. She grabbed her ass and started to caress her thighs. Jen's head was spinning. She was weak in the knees. What was Lauren doing? "Oh you like this, don't you my little bitch. And don't lie because your pussy is soaking wet." Jen couldn't believe it but it was true, her pussy was drenched. 

Lauren pushed Jen onto the sofa in her office. Jen ended up with her legs spread and her skirt up over her hips. She tried to close her legs but Lauren demanded she keep her pussy exposed. The most amazing thing was that Jen was beginning to enjoy Lauren's domineering tone. Then Lauren pulled at the collar of her conservative silk blouse and the buttons came flying off. "How do you like these babies you little slut?" Jen gulped. Lauren's tits were even bigger than she imagined. Her bra was enormous and her tits were still spilling out of it. Lauren grabbed her tits and began to squeeze. "Yeah, my big titties need to be sucked you cunt. I'll show you what happens to girls like you." Lauren somehow whipped off her bra in one swift movement. They fell out and bounced for a second. Amazingly they looked very firm. Her aureole had to be 4 inches around and her nipples stuck out over an inch. Lauren fell onto Jen and shoved her boobs into Jen's face. She could barely breathe. "Suck them you whore. Squeeze my tits." Jen had never been with a woman before but she already knew that this was a great discovery. As she sucked, Lauren was fingering Jen's pussy. Jen just kept spreading her legs wider until Lauren had four fingers and Jen was humping her hand. "Oh baby, that's it, suck them," moaned Lauren. "And your pussy is so wet. It's my pussy now." Jen was in ecstasy. She was screaming out in pleasure. "Oh god Lauren, take me. Tell me what you want and I'll do it."

Lauren got up and let her skirt fall. She must have been planning this because all she had on underneath were silk stockings and a garter - no panties. Lauren started to play with her own pussy. She was rubbing her cunt lips and clit. "You want this juicy pussy, don't you," moaned Lauren. She rubbed her cunt furiously. It was making squishing soundsas Lauren fingered her own love hole. "Lie down now," she commanded to Jen. With that, she straddled Jen's face. Her pussy was sopping wet. Juices were flowing everywhere and almost made Jen choke. "Eat my cunt. Lick my pussy. Suck my clit. Uhhhhhhhhhh." Lauren just kept yelling vulgarities and Jen just kept sucking. Lauren was humping up and down. Jen had a hard time breathing and was having a difficult time with the weight continually pushing down on her. But Jen kept it up. "That's it, fuck my cunt with your face. You are such a whore. You are my whore." Soon Lauren yelled out and even more fluid escaped her. "I'm cuuummmmminnnggg." Lauren kept moaning and Jen helped her to prolong her orgasm.

When Lauren regained her breath, she got up and slid down to Jen's pussy. "Mmmm, look at that little pussy. Not like mine with big fat lips, but just as wet." Lauren gave it a lick and a shiver went through Jen's body. The Lauren took one of her tits and began to rub Jen's pussy lips. Her nipple went up and down her slit, touching her clit with every pass. "Ohhhhhh," was all Jen could manage to say. "My little slut likes this," purred Lauren. She just kept fucking Jen with her erect nipple, stopping occasionally to lick the juices from her tit. "Oh, that's it," pleaded Jen. "Fuck my pussy with your big tit. Rub your nipple on my clit. I'm your slut." Lauren's tits glistened from all of Jen's pussy juice. She just kept pushing it in and Jen humped Lauren's tit like it was a cock.

Then, almost out of nowhere, Lauren pulled out a 10-inch dildo. Jen looked in terror. What was she going to do with that? There was no way she could get that in her tight pussy. But Lauren was still in control. She placed the head of the dildo at the opening of Jen's cunt and push. Jen screamed in pain. "It's too big, please stop." But Lauren would have none of that. "Shut-up bitch. You'll take this and like it." Lauren kept pumping the dildo in and out. Inch by inch it went in deeper to Jen's pussy. She just kept stretching and getting wetter. Soon the pain turned into pleasure and Jen was pushing back, meeting Lauren's thrusts. "Yeah, that's it. I knew you were a slut. I knew you would like this." Faster and faster the dildo went in. Jen was letting out high-pitched screams of delight. "Fuck me," Jen begged. "Faster. Harder. Deeper. Make me cum, pleeeaassee." And then, the most amazing orgasm swept over Jen, shaking her entire body. She was covered in sweat and her heart was racing. Lauren pulled the dildo and with a loud plop. Jen's pussy was stretched and gaping open. Her juices were flowing out and down her thigh.

Lauren got up and went over to her desk; her tits hanging there still shiny with Jen's cum. Jen started to get up when Lauren yelled, "Where the fuck do you think you are going?" Jen just stammered and fell back down on the couch. She was going to do whatever Lauren wanted. Lauren reached into her desk drawer and pulled out a strap-on and butt plug. A sly grin came over her face. It was going to be a long night!