 I sincerely thank all of those who provided feedback to the first chapter of Jen. It is so cool and such a turn on that someone has just been affected by something created by me. I can't tell you how many times the completion of this second chapter was delayed because of having to attend to Jen's ever present needs. As for those of you that have asked and are wondering...what I write and reveal consists of past, present and from fantasy mixed together so as to turn me on. It's all quite selfish really. Remember, Jen Likes to Cum. I also put forth that it is so much more fun and sexy for everyone, including me, to accept on our own terms which is reality and which is fantasy. Don't you? Please read the first chapter first. It's short but sexy and I'm sure you will be glad you did.


Jennifer came out of the bathroom wrapped in a bath towel and briefly apologized to Ashley for not being ready. Jenny had already packed what she needed for the weekend the night before and so, Jen only needed to put on shorts and a T-shirt and she'd be ready to go. As Jen was getting herself ready, she couldn't help but notice Ashley's quiet demeanor and her flushed appearance. That was all the proof she needed. Jen knew. Jen knew that Ashley must have seen her masturbating and cuming in the shower. In Jen's mind, Ashley's flushed appearance could only mean that what Ashley just witnessed must have excited her.

I guess you saw me playing with myself in the shower huh? Jen just came right out and confronted Ashley.

Ashley was taken aback and was just silent.

"Its OK," Jen said, I'm not embarrassed at all. Maybe it's not something I go around declaring to the public but, now you know. You saw me masturbating. You saw me cuming. You watched me and I guess well, so be it. Its something I do. "Don't you," Jen asked with a devilish smile?

Ashley admitted that she had never before but did for the first time while watching Jen in the shower.

Now Jen was taken aback by Ashley's astonishing admission but quickly recovered and simply replied, "really?" 

You see, by eighteen years of age now, both girls have had boyfriends now and again and both Jen and Ashley were certainly no virgins. Jen absolutely loved men. She loves the feel of a man's hard body, a man's cock, his muscles. But as far as sex went, they could never leave her satisfied. With young boys, it just felt as if they were pawing at her body like a zombie and after they came, Jen was always left wanting...needing... more. 

It wasn't fair really. An inexperienced boy didn't stand a chance against someone as sexually mature and as sexually hungry as Jen already was.

An instant later, Jennifer's mother was heard coming upstairs and both girls had to abruptly end the discussion. "Come on girls, you two better get a move on if you're going to beat the traffic out of here," Jen's mother announced and with that, the discussion ended. 

For the whole two and half hour ride up to the lake, the two girls were conveniently avoiding any further discussion of the day's earlier events. They discussed such boring topics as their college courses for next semester, their futures, relationships with friends and on and on with exceptionally mundane talk. It was definitely mundane to Jen anyway. Jen could only fane interest in the discussion as her mind kept racing with other thoughts.

Jen kept thinking of what might come of this. She fantasized about her and Ashley perhaps masturbating together. "How sexy that would be," she thought. Maybe even masturbating each other or maybe just maybe, Jen's fantasies ultimately led her to the thought of her and Ashley licking each other's pussies. Jen got so horny before they were even halfway to the lake that her pussy was leaking and her nipples were trying to poke their way out of her T-shirt. Typical Jenny.

When the two girls got to the lake house, they quickly got busy with bringing in their luggage, food and other necessities for the long weekend. They also needed to attend to a couple other chores such as turning on the water main, electricity and just generally getting the house in order for their long weekend stay.

As they were busy moving about the house, Ashley was still intrigued and turned on as well. She would occasionally glance over at Jen and take in the sight of her hot body. For some reason, she now thought of "Jen's Hot Body" in a way she never did before. She couldn't help but realize that Jen was so amazingly beautiful and with a body built for sex. 

Ashley wasn't alone. Most everyone who crossed paths with Jen wound up thinking the same sexual thoughts. Jen never really consciously tried to put it out there. She couldn't help it though. She unknowingly oozed such a strong sexual appeal in almost everything she did. Her sex appeal was so blatantly obvious. Even though Jen didn't flaunt it. Never flaunted it. Well almost never. But what Jen was oblivious to most of the time, her physical and sexual presence shouted it out at the highest decibel. 

This day, Jen was wearing a pair of short shorts that hugged her ass in such a way that it was like she wasn't even wearing any shorts at all. Probably a hundred, no a thousand other girls could have worn the same shorts but it would not have the same effect. 

The seam of the shorts dove down and into the crack of her pert ass so as to show off each half of her magnificent bottom. You couldn't have framed her butt any more perfect if you tried. And in the front, Jenny was now sporting a camel toe that started to part the lips of her vagina and it felt really nice too. Jen's tight belly t-shirt sure hugged every curve of her breasts and she was so horny that her nipples looked as if they were trying to sawing their way through the fabric. 

Ashley was dressed in similar fashion. Her breasts were not quite as large as Jen's but they were very firm and perky with smaller but pretty pink nipples. With a little effort, you could make them stand up to attention rather nicely. Ashley had mousy brown hair but long, almost down to the small of her back. Although she was the same age as Jen, Ashley was just coming into her womanhood while Jen was already there due to her early and often sexual activity.

Both girls were the non-stop attention of boys. They each had the kind of body and look that boys couldn't stop obsessing about at night. But at the same time, both Jen and Ashley were so care free that all the attention paid toward them did not affect them. They were remarkable in the fact that both girls were so natural, so easygoing and so down to earth. 

After a while, a few of the neighborhood boys came wondering by the house and ask Jen and Ashley if they wanted to hang out down by the marina. Jen actually knew these boys fairly well from the many years now that her and her parents came to stay at the lake house. The marina was a hangout where the locals would gather after it had closed to drink along the docks. As a matter of fact, one of the boys, Josh, Jen knew very well. They spent last summer as kind of an item. Jen and Josh even made love a few times but maybe we'll save that for another chapter.

Anyway, Jen was apologetic to the boys and told them that unfortunately, she and Ashley couldn't hang out with them tonight as they had other plans and perhaps they would catch up with them tomorrow. At least Jen had other plans anyway.

As the boys walked away, Ashley asked, "Why did you send them off?" They so seemed very nice.

Jen said, "maybe we'll hang out with them tomorrow if you want." Today, I'd just rather do something else that's all. Let's go back inside. Come on.

By now it was mid-afternoon. Ashley followed Jen up the stairs to the second floor of the lake house and Ashley nervously asked, "What are we doing?"

Jen didn't respond instead she opened the door to her bedroom and flopped onto the bed in sort of an exhausted manner. It was less out of exhaustion and more out of relief. Jen was so horny she needed relief. 

Jen just laid motionless on her king size bed for a while and finally sat up, slapped her hands on the tops of her thighs and just blurted out, "What do you say we finish what started this morning?"

While part of Ashley was interested in pursing this conversation, another part of her was still too nervous to talk any more about it.

But Ashley gently eased her way over, sat down on the edge of the bed and said, "You know Jen, I'm not a lesbian."

"I know your not," Jen said. I'm not either. I'm just horny and right now I just want to have some fun. What do you say? And with that, Jen took off her T-shirt, her shorts and panties and was now totally naked just lying there on the bed. 

Lets just masturbate together for a while. Come on, what do you say? I need to after the episode this morning. "I think I know its what you want too," Jen said.

Ashley looked over at Jen lying on her back. The late afternoon sun shining through the window and onto Jen's body made it look as if her skin glow golden brown. Jen's stiff hard nipples were sticking straight up too. Almost as if they were trying to reach out and touch the ceiling. This was all too much for Ashley to deny and so she began to remove her clothes too and joined Jenny naked on the bed.

Both Jen and Ashley just lay on the bed there naked, side-by-side for a while without either one of them touching or exploring their sex just yet. "What do you think about," Ashley finally asked?

"Gee, I really don't think about anything I guess," Jen replied. My mind just kind of focuses in on what I'm doing. The sensations I'm feeling.

With that Jen started to squeeze her breasts and began to rub and pinch her nipples. Ashley just watched Jen at first. Jen started to let out soft moans and then began to gently writhe around, with her head rolling left and right opening her eyes every so often only to see Ashley's reaction.

Ashley' own pussy started to get hot from the sight before her eyes. Jen's incredible body seemed to shimmer in the soft light as Jen's hands and fingers moved about. When she stopped at her nipples, them seemed to stretch out to greet her fingertips and they actually kept getting harder and longer with each pass.

Ashley's hands started to move in on her own tits and nipples as if trying to coax them on. Ashley moved one of her hands slowly down to her crotch to start massaging her pussy as well. Jen hadn't even started in on her own pussy yet but Ashley, remembering the sensations from this morning, just couldn't resist massaging her now hot and dripping mound.

Ashley was getting so turned on that she couldn't take her eyes off Jen. Jen's golden brown and flawless skin began to glisten with sweat and soft moans were escaping from her lips. Jen was becoming lost in the rapture of the self-pleasure she knew so well.

Jen continued to rub and pull on her nipples. They were now longer and harder than Ashley could ever have imagined. Like two pink but steely bullets. She felt an urge to reach out and feel them, to touch them. Just to see if they felt as good as they looked. But, Ashley couldn't muster up the nerve. Not just yet anyway but she was becoming more and more aroused by the second.

The girls were now just two hot bodies writhing around the bed. Their juices beginning to leak out of their hot little holes and creating an intoxicating aroma that only helped to feed the flames of their arousal. Jen finally couldn't take it anymore and started in on her pussy. Her clit was already hard like a beach pebble and jutting out from its protective folds.

With one hand, Jen dipped a finger inside and drew out the sweet liquid. She scooped up her juice and spread it all around her clitty, then her pussy making the entire area between her legs wet and slick. She glanced over at Ashley and saw her head thrown back and her eyes closed which turned Jen on even more. Knowing that Ashley was as caught up and as hungry as she was only helped to push Jen closer to the brink of an orgasm.

Jen was so close now that she too closed her eyes, arched her back and began to thrash about. This caused Ashley to look over and in her now highly aroused state, finally had the nerve to reach out and put a hand on Jenny's left tit. My God it felt so good, was the thought that went through both girl's minds. Jen welcomed the touch but was to engrossed in her imminent orgasm to fully acknowledge Ashley's bold move. Ashley was squeezing and pulling on Jen's nipple which seemed to just keep getting harder and longer. Meanwhile, Ashley kept up with rubbing her own pussy and clit with her free hand.

Jen was feverishly fucking her tight pussy with her fingers. At first just one, then a second. Her pussy was dripping and her sweet juices were flowing down the crack of her ass and onto the bed. The slurping noises only added to Ashley's own frantic and lustful state.

With Ashley's hand working on her tits, Jen began drifting off into a sexual oblivion. The sensations of Ashley's hands on her body coupled with her own were bringing her to the brink of an explosive orgasm unlike even Jen herself had never experienced.

Jen was so hot now that she knew the second she started in on her clit she would cum instantly. Just as Jen began to move her hand from her breast down to work on her clit, Ashley's hand beat her to it and started exploring and massaging the hot wet folds around Jenny's clit. Wow, Ashley was really stepping up and behaving quite bold.

Ashley's fingers were gently massaging Jen's engorged clit for no more than about 30 seconds when Jen's orgasm suddenly came freight training through her body. Jen's back arched which thrusted her tits out and up toward the ceiling. Her body spasming hard with each pleasure wave that came coursing through her. 

Ashley wasn't quite expecting Jen's orgasm so quick and it kind of startled her so she instinctively pulled back off of Jen's pussy. This caused Jen to stumble through the middle of her orgasm and immediately took over with her own hand working her clit to complete one mind-blowing orgasm. As Jen was riding this powerful and fantastic orgasm, Ashley's hands returned to her own pussy and the two girls were now laying side by side on their backs. Two women wantonly enthralled and splayed out on Jen's bed in such an explicit display of pleasure. Their hands caressing their bodies and clits while periodically glancing over at each other.

Jen was so excited she just kept right on going and as her second orgasm hit, it caused her to roll from side to side and when she rolled onto her left side, she came to rest up against Ashley. This felt so nice that she just remained there nuzzled up against Ashley as she continued the assault on her clit.

Ashley, still going at her own clit was getting more and more turned on watching as Jen's 3rd then 4th orgasm hit her and Ashley still had not yet cum. The two of them were now at this sapphic episode for about 15 minutes and now Ashley started approaching her own orgasm.

She could feel the now familiar sensation building within her and started to rock back and forth. As Jenny came down off her last orgasm, she could see Ashley was getting close and leaned over on top of her taking her right nipple into her mouth and began to suck and chew as it grew hard and stiff in her mouth.

Ashley was way too close to exploding into the second orgasm of her life to rationally think about Jen sucking on her nipple. Besides it felt way to good and she just allowed herself drift off into the moment. The fingers of one hand furiously rubbing her clit while with her other hand she played with the opening of her vagina. Sticking her fingers in and out allowing the juices to run out of her. Her fingers instinctively moving about her pussy as she was enjoying so much, the varying sensations they caused. 

Now moaning and groaning somewhat loudly, Ashley exploded. Her body rising up and down. Her breath panting and moaning out the enormously pleasurable feelings she was experiencing. Jen just kept sucking and rubbing on Ashley's nipples until finally after about a minute of convulsing over and over, Ashley's orgasm subsided enough causing her to collapse. Her arms falling out to her sides. Jenny just lay there next to Ashley propped up onto her left elbow. Her right hand continued to gently rub Ashley's taught belly and tits while Ashley gradually came down off her sexual high.

Ashley's body was still tingling when she tried to speak but all she could manage to get out was, WOW! OH WOW!

As Jen too came back down to earth from the entire experience, she looked up into Ashley's eyes and Ashley just laid there motionless staring back at her.

"Why did you stop right when I came," Jen asked with a giggle just to break the tension? 

I don't know. I was just a little nervous I guess. "Your hands on my body felt great though," Ashley broke in. Better than anything I'd ever felt before.

With that Jenny's right hand made her way down to Ashley's still hot and wet pussy lips. She began to gently massage her outer lips and could feel the heat and wetness that still remained between Ashley's legs. Jenny too was still very hot and wet inside. 

It had barely been two minutes since the two girls experienced what would be considered a days full of sex and orgasms for most, when Jen pulled her hand away from Ashley's pussy and started massaging her own clit again.

Ashley was amazed and whispered to Jenny, "my clit feels so sensitive right now." How can you still want more?

Jen replied back, "If your too sensitive right now, just gently rub around your pussy a little without directly touching your clit." You'll be wanting more too in no time. Go ahead you'll see.

But Ashley, still inquisitive, just had to ask Jen, "how many times did you just cum?" 

"I don't know, a few I guess," Jen replied. 

Then how can you still want more?

I don't know, I just do. I want more. I just want to cum some more. Don't you? Didn't what we just experience feel amazing? "Why not more," Jenny asked?

"OK, what should we do now then," Ashley asked? 

"How about you lick me," Jen shouted? I'm going to lay back, lift and spread my legs wide and you put your face in my pussy then just lick, lick, lick, lick, lick my clit. OK?

As Jen said the words, she acted them out. Jen was now lying on her back with her legs spread as wide as she could get them. Her pussy still hot and wet and splayed wide open for easy access by Ashley. The aroma of female sex still filled the air. 

Ashley moved into position. Put her face into Jen's sex and began to lick. Jen just had a handful of orgasms within the last few minutes but now felt a renewed energy that made her feel as if she was just getting started. The feel, the thought of Ashley's warm wet tongue between her legs was indescribable. 

Jen moved her arms out to her sides and grabbed a fist full of blanket in each hand as if to hold herself down. She was now drifting off into another world and the sensations were almost too much to take as she began to thrash about. Ashley's hot wet tongue was pressed to Jen's hard clit and she was simply moving it back and forth over the top of it. Maybe not the best technique but it was all Jen needed because BANG, she orgasmed again and as this orgasm subsided the next one was right there behind it.

Jenny loved it when she got to this point in her orgasms. Where one orgasm just melts right into the next one. Jen's body was undulating with each sensational wave of extreme pleasure. Beads of sweat accumulating on her body. She didn't want this moment to ever stop. She was just cumming and cumming against Ashley's tongue and the only thing she wanted was to cum some more.

Ashley wrapped her arms around Jen's legs and pressed with the palms of her hands onto the top of Jen's hips as if to try and restrain Jen as she thrashed about. She did her best to keep licking her clit but after about ten minutes, she began to tire and lifted her head up. Jenny bucked her hips up into the air one last time and rolled over onto her stomach. Her legs gently squeezing and rubbing together as she tried to slowly come back down to reality.
