 Journal Entry #2  the seduction of Lekiesha or how I went black and almost did not come back

Of the many women I have made love to, for some inexplicable reason, I had up until this time only had sex with 3 black females. That changed, big time, when I met Lakiesha. After her and Serena, black pussy appeared regularly on my menu.

It was late May, and I was at the Hudson Square branch of my gym chain, 11AM, sitting at one of the sales desks, doing some work out plans for a client, I saw Lakiesha come up the steps and was immediately taken with her eyes, which were hazel ly/grey and gold flecked, and contrasted with her very dark chocolate skin, which was smooth and supple looking. She was tall, thin, but a very high meaty ass, and pushing out her top was a pair of breasts the size of grapefruits, sitting high on her chest . Her hair was straighten and ended just below her ears

She went up to the front desk, and told Juanita, the receptionist, that she was a personal trainer new to this particular gym and wanted to get acquainted with the layout. I jumped up from the desk, went over to her, and said "Hi, I am Jen and I am a personal trainer and will be happy to show you the drill." I got close to her as I said this, invading her personal space, seeing what kind of reaction I got, she smelled fresh and clean, but did not back away from me. I said "follow me, you need a locker, correct?" I knew she did as she had a good size gym bag. As we went down the aisle toward the women's locker room, I looked in the mirrors that lined one side and caught her staring at my ass, and thought to myself, this is getting more and more interesting. We went into the locker room, found her a locker, she stowed her stuff, and then I asked her if she had a few minutes to chat, she said she did and we went back to the front and sat at the sales desk nearest the street window.  I told her that I knew most of the personal trainers but had not seen her before, she explained that she and her mother had moved from Canada to NYC 3 months ago, and that she had only been with my chain for 6 weeks, all that time in the UES, which I seldom get to. At that moment her client came in and she got up to leave, thanking me for helping her and touching my arm lightly. I smiled and waved and said no big deal, glad to help a newbie. Just then my client came in and I was off to work.

A little more than an hour later, my session done, I went into the locker room, stripped down, put a towel around my waist (my tits were exposed) and proceeded to the showers. For whatever reason, there was nobody else in the locker, but I heard water splashing in one of the showers, and as I passed it, heard someone say oh shit and a bar of soap can skidding out of shower stall and stopped right by my feet. I picked it up and without thinking, open the shower curtain, soap in hand, and there she stood, Lekiesha, gleaming wet, breasts sitting high and firm on her chest, nipples hard. She was full frontal to me, her lovely Venus cleft, hair free, thick outer lips and her inner lips, dark chocolate, pushing out. She took the soap, but I was transfixed by her body, and did not let go, she pulled on the soap and I came with it. I looked into her eyes and they told her everything she needed to know. Come in, she said, and I quickly removed my towel, and stepped in, closed the curtain and pressed against her magnificent body.

She reciprocated, and we stood there, rubbing our bodies together, water pouring over us. My hands had a mind of their own, my right hand stroking and massaging her left breast, m y left hand going between her firm ass cheeks and her pussy lips. She brought her head down, we kissed, me sucking her large sensuous lips, tongues entwined and then I felt her tongue penetrate my mouth deeply , almost to the back of my mouth. I sucked on her tongue, she was kneading right nipple, now rigid with passion, and her right hand was stroking my pussy and her fuck finger was making its way into my love canal, which was soaking wet and starting to throb. Her clit was at least ¾ " high and a ½" thick. I knew I would be sucking on that shortly. Lakiesha's labia minor had by now become engorged with blood and I could feel the meat of her lips and my mind raced ahead to how yummy they would feel in my mouth.

All this time, the water had been pouring over us, I re directed the shower head to the wall, dropped down to feast on Lekiesha's right aureole and nipple. Her aureole was 3"in diameter, her nipples were short but wide. I heard someone moaning and realized it was me, as well as Lekiesha. I shhhd her, she chuckled and said, if we make too much noise , we are going to be busted. We reluctantly separated, realizing this was a dangerous situation and management would not take kindly to our activity.

I peeked out of the shower; coast was clear and jumped out, put on my towel and proceeded to finish my shower in a different stall. We met again in the locker room, drying off, but there were clients there, so our make session was ended for now. We exchanged emails/cell # and promised to meet later that day to complete our tryst.

I texted her a bit later to meet me at the Soho branch at 3pm, she said ok. At 3, I walked in, she was there, I told Lauren ( scrumptious pussy) at the front desk that I would be in private session for an hour and Lakiesha and I went to the small back workout room, blinds down, door locked, we stripped completely , laid down on towel covered mats, and begin our make out session anew. I laid her on her back and just looked at her and thought "this is going to be like eating living chocolate OMG" I lightly kissed her starting at her head and worked my way down, paying special attention to her breasts, sucking, tonguing, licking, biting the nipples, engulfing as much into my mouth as I could, my hand playing with their heft and firm softness, her skin was incredible and I had a mini climax, and I had not even gotten to her honey hole!

Lakiesha was moving around, moaning, whispering that she wanted to do me, but I told her all in good time and that she was going to get all of me she could handle. I got up on my knees and moved to her feet, took them and slowly spread her legs, watching as her pudenda gradually came into the view and the petals of her pussy flower begin to open. Fully opened her chocolaty velvety flesh was revealed to me. The outer lips were thick and engorged with blood, as were her inner lips, protruding a full inch from her outer lips, along the entire length of her slit. Nectar oozed from her lips, my mouth ached to start sucking her flesh into me and to start swallowing all of her love juice. I  had forgotten to bring the exercise triangle over, I jumped up, got it from the corner, slipped it under her ass and then spreading her legs up and out, I gorged on her meat, sucking all of her into my mouth and pulled on it and let it snap out of my mouth, I kept this up, all the while sucking her flow out of her. Lekiesha was now breathing raggedly, moaning almost incoherent, her hands pushing my head hard down into her, her hips rocking up and down faster and faster. Suddenly she gave a little shriek and almost bucked me off her cunt, which I was clinging to like a shipwrecked sailor, not wanting to lose contact for a single second with the succulent velvet that was in my mouth. Lakiesha pushed my head out of her cunt, her clit was to charged to be touched, so I moved my tongue across her perineum and onto her love knot, rimming her sweet asshole vigorously, eliciting whimpers of pleasure from her.

Not wanting to stopping that, but feeling my own need to crescendo , I moved to face her and said, your turn sweetie, I am going to sit on your face so that you will have full access to all of my pussy and ass. Eat me, I tell her, lower my snatch down onto her open mouth. I ask Lakiesha to suck me in and hold onto my lips with her lips, and then I start swaying back and forth, my lips dragging across my clit, as I look down at her, she looking back up at me, her eyes are glazed almost in a drugged state, sighs of satisfaction and lust coming out of her. I can see rivulets of my ambrosia running down her face, more than she can swallow. I start to moan louder and then tell her that I am a squirter, she pulls on my lips even harder, and I can no longer hold back and the orgasmic convulsions shake me all over uncontrollably. I feel the squirt and hear Lakiesha slurping it up ravenously. Still looking down, she is smiling and gulping my juices down, running her hands over my breasts, ass, back, and belly. I hold her head down, pull off of her, lay beside her and say, sorry baby, the priestess needs sanctuary. We kiss, cuddle and I lick her face and mouth, drinking my own pussy fluids, which are quite tasty, if I do say so myself. After a few minutes, we get up, get dressed and leave the room, acting as if nothing happened, and no one, except Lauren at the front desk, was the wiser. Sweet Jesus, I am getting a serious addiction to black pussy. Little did I know that soon my addiction would become even stronger. 

Three days later, Lakiesha texts me and asked me to call her, which I do about 30 minutes later, what took you so long, she asked, I was with a client, I replied, understood she said. What is up, luscious pussyful you? My Mom, Serena, wants to me you, oh shit, what did you tell her? Everything. JFC, why? She smelled your pussy on my face, she wants some hehehehe. Your Mom is a rug muncher? Big time, she can't get enough of it. When do meet? Tomorrow AM if that works, but one request, she wants you to get a high colonic before you come over. Wow, I have never had one, where do I get that done? Use the one I use, Lakiesha said. That should have clued me in to the kink I was about to step into, but ignorance is bliss and knowing was even more blissful.

The next day at 10am, I am getting prepped for my first ever high colonic, and must admit I was a little nervous, but the attendant put me at ease, explaining that Lakiesha and her Mom were regular customers. Laying on the special table used for the procedure, the technician gently inserted the tube, made sure I was comfortable and then started the pump, I could feel the heated water entering my rectum and move up further into my intestines. The feeling of the tube, it pulsing slightly, the warm water flowing into got me excited. Oh no, I thought, am I a sick puppy or what, even enemas get me sexed up!! The technician (just by chance, the tech was a cute looking brunette with an Eastern European accent, I put her on my hit list) checked to make sure the tube was staying in, wiggle it a bit, which gave me a delightful twitch in my love nubbin. She then pushed and prodded gently all over my abdomen, starting on the right lower side moving up over and down, following my large intestine, till she was down on the lower left side, very near my mons. I could feel the pressure on my corpus cavernosum, which pushed blood into my clit, gave me another tingle. A small smile crossed her face as she saw my reaction. Then the stuff started coming out faster and faster, I felt like I was losing 10 lbs. After 20 minutes, I was completely emptied but the process continued for several minutes more, the warm clean water flowing in, and by now, flowing out almost as clean. At the end, the water in and out looked the same, but I would not want to drink the outflow, no matter how clean it looked. The tech unhooked everything, said I should rest for 10 minutes and then get dressed and proceed to the front desk. She smiled and lightly touched my arm. Doh, I get it, she does Serena and Lakiesha, she knows I am a cunt hound LOL. Sometimes I am really slow on the uptake, this babe was going to be straddling my head very soon. I got up, got dressed, paid and was on my way to an experience I was not going to ever forget.

Lakiesha and her mom, Serena, lived in a huge loft (3000sf) in Soho, on Mercer St. They lived on the top floor, I rang the door bell, it buzzed and I was in and I took up the keyed elevator, I was apprehensive, I knew I was going to be having sex with her Mom, but what did she look like, and would Lakiesha be there looking, kind of awkard, no?

The elevator opened onto the loft, and before me stood a divine creature, Lakiesha's mom, Serena. Six feet tall, a clipped Afro, small dangly earrings, barefoot and naked! Imagine Sylvia McFarland but darker and shaved and you will know what I beheld. Her huge breasts, hanging out to the sides, the aureoles 3 inches in diameter, and darker still than her skin, the nipples 1" long and 1/2" thick, her  thick cunt outer lips and huge inner lips hanging below her outer ones ( I later measured them, they hung  1.5" below ). Lakiesha stood just off to the side and started to laugh when she saw the look of amazement on my face. What do you think, she asked, I am in love I replied. You haven't seen anything yet, Mom show her your tongue. Hello my dear, Serena said, and then stuck out her tongue, it had to be at least 3.5" long ( the longest known women's tongue is 2.75") and I knew I wanted that incredible living dildo in every one of my holes. Now I understood the need for the high colonic, it was going to deep into my asshole where no tongue had ever been before, my body shivered in anticipation. Pussy juice started running down my leg. Lakiesha jumped in front of me, pulled down my shorts and panties in one fell swoop and began to lick the liquid off my leg, working her way up to my honey hole.

L, don't leave our guest standing in the doorway, half undressed, Serena with a smile, pulling me in and then removing my top, while Lekiesha removed the rest of my clothes and shoes. Still holding my hand, Serena pulled me to her, hugged me, her huge soft melons pressing on my B cups, her Mons Venus pressing against my belly. The feeling of her skin rubbing mine transported me to a higher level of arousal. Then her hands starting massaging my ass cheeks, leaned her head down and lightly kissed me and slowly inserted that creature that resided in her mouth into mine. I could the tip probing, seeking, touching my tongue, teeth and the lining inside my mouth, all the way to the back of my mouth and partially into my throat. It filled me up and I began to suck on it like a baby sucks a nipple. Serena spread my ass cheeks and Lakiesha, already in position, started alternately licking my asshole and lips, sucking up the yummy fluids flowing out my vagina. This took me to the top, orgasmic shudders running up and down my body while both of othem hold onto me, never stopping what they were doing. My knees were weak, I said I needed to sit down. Oh, Babycakes, Serena said, come over here, sit down, and let's have a glass of wine and get you rested up for part 2. There is more, I asked, and then realized again where Serena was going to put her tongue. As I was sitting, enjoying the wine, Serena stood next to me, cupping her left breast and brought it to my waiting mouth, her huge nipple was rock hard and so inviting. I started to suckle &, kiss and tongue her nipple and aureole, bite me, she said. Her nipples were big that I was able to bit them with my molar teeth, which put full even pressure on them. Serena groaned in pleasure, whispering "sweet baby girl" over and over. I was not stroking,, kneading, caressing both of Serena's huge, soft, heavy breasts and was stuck like glue to her left nipple, making soft sucking sounds, like a new born.

My left hand went down to her twat, I took her lips, which were hanging down nearly an inch and half from her big lips, in my hand and pulled on them, eliciting a moan from Serena, brought my dripping wet hand up to my mouth, detached from her nipple, and hungrily licked and sucked her nectar off of my fingers and hand.

Sweet cakes, right now this isn't about me, it is about you and she gently pulled away from me, taking my hand and walking me over to a weird looking piece on furniture. I was behind her, holding her hand, looking at her meaty snatch lips moving in rhythm with her walking, her elixir running down her legs. I want to eat your tasty taco so bad, Serena. My darling cupcake, you will have as much of my sweet pussy as you want, and when want more in a day or two, and you will, you will have you all you want again. Lekiesha was behind me, her fingers playing with my pussy lips and catching my drippings and swallowing it. She gave me some I swallowed my own cunt wine- like dolce!

Lover, drape yourself over this hump, face down, that's right, are you comfy? I do it, and she says " I am loving the view from here". She spread my legs a little, I felt her kneel down, the anticipation was killing me. Lekiesha came over, laid down in the valley, her sweet twat and asshole beckoning me. Get ready for my love snake, Serena said laughing, and then I felt it, just the tip on my clit, then pushing down onto the vulvar vestibule, feeling the increasing thickness of her tongue as it continued to penetrate further into my lips, moving down, she stopped, her thick, full lips covered my cunt lips and she inhaled me into her mouth, feeding on the sticky, sweet jizz , drawing out of my vagina, I could feel the vacuum she created start to collapse my vaginal walls. Meanwhile, Lekiesha's poon was buried in my face, I gorged on her meat, the silky, soft, ridged texture of her inner lips was like food fit for a goddess. The dark chocolate edges of her lips giving way to a cerise color deeper inside. 

Serena stopped sucking, her tongue was on the move again, circling the opening of my honey hole, caressing, laving, and pushing on the vaginal rim and inner edge. My hips thrust up, tring to get that marvelous wand deeper into me. She obliged and plunged it all the way in, I bucked, she held me firm, and her tongue circled around my walls, seeming to know where every nerve ending was. Tears of joy and pleasure were streaming down my face, I was whimpering as I continued to pummel Lakiesha's snatch with my tongue and lips.

Serena withdrew, paused a moment, I felt her tongue press insistently on my perineum, moving over it to the spot she had been seeking for the past 3 days. Rimming my asshole,, she then proceeded into my asshole, she got the tip in but could not get it in further, I was not letting her in, afraid I would doing something embarrassin- gas, poop? My lover, it is alright, trust me, there is nothing inside of you after that colonic. Relax, let me in and enjoy what is about to happen. I focused on relaxing my anal sphincter , my balloon knot opened up. Good girl, she said, and her tongue slipped into my asshole, the tip passed thru the 1st anal sphincter, wriggled around, and then more went in, the thick part of her tongue coming in, the tip touched my anal walls all around, I almost lost my mind, then a final push and her 3.5" joystick was all the way in, going past my 2nd anal sphincter, and slightly into my rectum. Stroking the 2nd anal sphincter, Serenal started to move her tongue in and out slowly at first, then picking up speed, again she seemed to know where every nerve in my anus was located.

The thunderstorm in my pussy became a Cat 4 hurricane and then a Force 5 tornado, I exploded cataclysmically (Serena told me later that I ejaculated at least 2 oz of fluid 3 feet into the air). I was sobbing with a pleasure that was so intense it was painful, a sweet pain I never get tired of, better than any drug invented by man.

My body was jerking around like a fish out of water, Lekiesha and Serena held me so I would not fall off the sex snake chair. I laid there vibrating for 5 minutes, Lekiesha and Serena stroking,caressing, my boy all over, playing with my ass and honey pot, dipping their fingers into my gushing well and licking it off. Ok girls, I need something stronger that wine. I got up and supported by them, walked over and sat down at the kitchen table, oh Christ, I said, I got the chair wet. Serena, getting me a Stoli on the rocks, said don't worry about it, that is why the chair is made from aluminum. 
