 The morning sun, chirping birds and warm breeze fluttering in through the curtains of my bedroom all conspired against my desire to continue sleeping. As I gradually regained consciousness and grudgingly opened my eyes, my waking mind quickly began replaying the events of the past 24 hours. I nuzzled my nose deep into my pillow and breathed deeply, rewarded with a trace of Jenna's faint fragrance, and I smiled to myself as I savored the remnants of her sweet scent. My mind now fully coherent, my body stirred as I recalled rubbing my nose through Jenna's juicy pink pussy in my bed as I filled my senses with her delicious aroma. The erotic tableau we shared in my bed played in my mind, and I felt a familiar wetness growing between my legs as I inhaled deeply. I kicked the sheet off my naked body as my arousal began building and my eyes spied the silver vibrator sitting on my bedside table. I had placed it there after returning from dropping Jenna off, sitting it upright on its base, and now the toy was beckoning me. I reached over and took the silver toy from its perch and sucked it into my mouth, not caring the toy had last been buried in Jenna's tight ass. While my right hand held the toy, my left hand moved to my left breast, my fingers teasing my rapidly hardening nipple. I brought my thighs together, looking for any stimulation possible for my insatiable pussy. 

That was the perfect word; insatiable. I felt like I had unleashed a part of me that had long been hidden and I was now insatiable. I had more orgasms than I could possibly count the day before with a youthful, innocent, sexy teen and now my body was succumbing to more wanton desire. I needed more, much more, than rubbing my thighs together, so I removed the vibrator from my mouth, now warm and coated with my saliva. I brought my feet up toward my body and my knees fell open. I turned the knob at the base and the toy vibrated to life as I moved it to my juicy slit. My body lurched as the vibrating tip rubbed up and down through my sensitive lips. My fingers were now pinching, pulling and twisting my swollen nipples, sending waves of pleasure through my flushed body. I grazed the toy through my wet crevice one last time and then plunged it deep inside my needy cunt. I gasped at the penetration, the vibrating toy instantly stimulating the nerve endings inside my overheated pussy. I began fucking the vibrator in and out of my drooling pussy and my left hand moved between my legs to massage my clit. The hard bud was poking from its hood and I moaned loudly as my fingers rubbed the engorged spire. The room was filled with the squishing sounds of the vibrator pumping my pussy and I could feel my juices leaking out of me, running down my ass to soak the sheets below. I was wild with desire as I fucked myself and, in the throes of lust, my mind conjured an image of Jenna above me, lowering her tender, young pussy to my mouth. The fantasy of Jenna riding my face sent me over the edge, my body going rigid as I came. My orgasm quickly coursed through me, and as I lay panting in the afterglow, I knew I needed more. I truly was insatiable.

I rolled to my side and opened the drawer of my bedside table. Reaching inside my hand located my big dildo and pulled it out. I brought the long, thick fake cock to my mouth and opened my lips wide to accommodate its girth as I sucked it into my oral cavity. With the vibrator still buzzing in my cunt, I sucked on the flesh colored toy, pushing it deeper into my mouth, my lips stretching around the wide shaft. The broad head pushed to the back of my throat as I sucked it as deep as possible, but still only managing to take about half of the 10" monster in my mouth. After a minute or two I extracted the huge toy from my mouth. Holding it with my right hand, my left slipped the vibrator from my pulsating pussy. I moved the fat head of the rubber cock to my pussy and eased the it into my silky folds. I exhaled deeply as the huge toy penetrated me, stretching me wide open. I slipped a few inches inside and paused briefly to allow my cunt to get used to the thick invader, and then pushed deeper. I remembered the first time I had used the massive dildo, wondering if my pussy would stretch wide enough to accommodate its girth. Now, after having it inside me dozens of times, I knew I could handle its size, and came to crave the feeling of fullness it gave me. I slowly began fucking myself again, in and out with just an inch or two of the massive toy. Gradually going deeper and deeper, my greedy cunt swallowing more of the big cock. I gave one last, deep thrust and felt the fake balls push against my ass, the head of the cock nudging my cervix deep inside me, all 10" buried in my depths. I basked in the feeling of my pussy being stretched wide open and penetrated so deeply. Instantly I wondered if Jenna could take the monster in her tight, young cunt. My body trembled at the thought of sliding the enormous toy into her petite body. Would I ever dare to try to fuck her with the giant dildo, or have her fuck me with it? My mind reeled at the thought.

As I thought of Jenna using the toy on me, I rolled from my back to my stomach, pulling my legs up under me and sliding my knees wide on the bed. My right hand reached behind my back to grasp the fake balls on the end of my big fake cock and I slowly pulled out, feeling my lips stretching around the bulky shaft. My left hand found the vibrator still buzzing on the bed and as I plunged the fat dildo back into my cunt, I brought the vibrator to my clit. I began fucking myself, going even deeper in this position. The gigantic cock prodding my cervix as the vibrations on my clit sent my body soaring. As I fucked all 10" of the immense dick in and out of my throbbing pussy I could feel my pussy stretching around the fat shaft each time I pulled out, and with each deep thrust inside I felt I could feel the broad head in my throat.

My body was rapidly accelerating to another orgasm, but I knew I wanted more. I pulled the vibrator off my clit to let myself cool down and stopped plunging deep into my pussy. I knew what I wanted, and without giving myself time to reconsider, I slipped the dildo from my now well-used cunt. I felt incredibly empty without the huge cock inside me, but knew that would only be temporary. I brought the fake dick up to my face and I could see it was coated with my juices, but I wasn't sure my slick pussy cream would be enough, so I reached back over into the drawer and pulled out a tube of lube. I quickly popped the lid and drizzled the thick fluid all over the dildo, spreading it with my fingers until it was totally covered. I then reached back with my left hand and pulled my left butt cheek open. My right hand moved the huge dildo back again and I positioned the thick head against my asshole. I had only done this once before, and swore to myself at the time that I wouldn't again, but I needed it now. I needed to do something dirty and be totally filled, so I pushed the huge head forward against my puckered backdoor. After a few minutes of prodding I could feel my tight anal ring begin to loosen. I concentrated on relaxing my muscles, gave a hard push and the big, flared head of the dildo slipped into my rectum. A huge rush of air escaped my lungs at the penetration of my ass. The nerve endings in my ass were screaming at the intrusion and I could feel the muscles burning as they strained under the pressure of the giant cock. My left hand grabbed the vibrator and I moved it to my clit again, the pleasurable sensation of my clit being stimulated mingling with the pain in my overstretched ass. I waited a few minutes and then pushed again, only an inch or so deeper. I kept going, slowly. Very slowly. My ass gradually yielding and accommodating the massive cock, my breathing ragged as I concentrated on relaxing my anal muscles. I'm not sure how long I worked at it, but eventually the balls of the cock pressed against me, all 10" deep in my bowels. I felt so incredibly full, and while I still felt pain and a burning sensation, the stimulation of my clit with the vibrator was mixing any pain with intense pleasure. I pulled back a bit, only an inch or two, and then stuffed the massive rubber cock back into my ass. Very slowly I started fucking my ass, and gradually increased the speed and depth. As I tapped my now hugely engorged clit with the vibrator, I fucked myself harder. Eventually I had half the gigantic toy plunging in and out of my now stretched asshole. When I moved the vibrator and slipped it into my gaping pussy, and felt the vibrations coursing through me not only in my cunt but now in my ass as well, I quickly climbed toward my orgasm. A piercing scream escaped from my lips as my body shook and I gasped for breath as every fiber of my being was consumed by a powerful orgasm. I slipped the vibrator from my convulsing cunt and it was like a dam breaking as two huge squirts erupted from me, spraying my thighs and the bed below. It felt like my body heaved for minutes as I came, and finally I collapsed onto the bed, with my monstrous dildo still lodged inside me.

My sweaty, quivering body lay motionless, except for my heaving chest, as I fought to fill my lungs with air and regain my composure. After a brief respite my sexual fog lifted. I reached behind me and slowly extracted the monster dildo from my butt, feeling every ridge as it emerged from my now stretched asshole, and when it popped free I felt incredibly empty. I dropped the heavy, rubber cock on the tangled sheets and exhorted myself to get out of bed. I swung my legs over the edge of the bed, sat up and slid my feet to the floor as I rose on still shaky legs. I trudged to the bathroom, hoping a hot shower would revitalize me. I turned on the water and when I felt the steam rising, I turned my face up and stepped into the hot spray. The hot water felt wonderful as it poured down my body. I felt myself coming alive as I began scrubbing my body. My fingers lingered briefly on my still sensitive nipples, and the thought crossed my mind that about 24 hours earlier I was in the same place with Jenna, exploring her tight, young body. When my fingers ran over the globes of my butt I dipped a soapy finger between my cheeks, touching my well-fucked asshole. I insinuated the tip of my slippery finger into my extended anus, and feeling no resistance, stabbed my middle finger in deeply. Normally a finger in my ass would immediately escalate my arousal, but now, after having my ass plundered by my giant toy, my finger felt tiny. I wormed my index finger in also, two fingers now deep in my ass. I pulled out and sank the fingers back in, finger-fucking my loose backdoor. My left hand moved to my engorged clit, rubbing my swollen pleasure button. As I stood there stimulating myself I wondered what I had become. I had opened a door with Jenna and now felt totally consumed by my sexual desires. The dual stimulation of my fingers teasing my clit and fingers pumping in and out of my ass brought me to the precipice of orgasm quickly and my moans of pleasure filled the shower as I came once again on wobbly legs.

I allowed myself a few minutes of orgasmic exhilaration, and then went back to cleansing myself. After finishing my hair, I shaved, making sure my legs and denuded pussy were as smooth as possible. I stepped, dripping, from the shower and wrapped myself in a fluffy towel, and walked into my bedroom. I dropped the towel and slipped on a t-shirt and athletic shorts and went downstairs to start my day. After breakfast I tried to busy myself with routine chores and activities, but my simmering pussy kept pulling my mind back to sexual thoughts. I sat down on the couch where I had seduced Jenna, and wondered what she was doing. I also wondered if she had any regrets. While I had unleashed my own sexual awakening, I still had lingering feelings of concern, and even regret, at initiating Jenna into lesbian sex. However, my fears and concerns were easily pushed aside when I thought of her sweet pussy and talented tongue, and the thought of having her in my bed enthusiastically eating my pussy again. As I contemplated how Jenna and I could reconnect, I slipped my hand into the waistband of my shorts. I spread my legs open to give my fingers access to my gooey pussy and just as I slithered two fingers into my slippery folds, my phone rang, startling me. I contemplated ignoring it, and continuing with my masturbation, but decided I should answer. I grudgingly pulled my hand out of my shorts, fingers coated with my slick juices and picked up my phone. I thought I recognized the number, but it wasn't in my contacts. "Hello?" I answered.

"Hi Beth? This is Allyson Reed, Jenna's mother," she responded. The first thought in mind was 'oh shit, somehow she found out', but Allyson continue after a brief pause. "I hope this isn't a bad time. I can call back if it is."

"No, now is OK. I was just starting something but it can wait," I replied, my pussy leaking into my shorts as we spoke.

"I hope you don't find this odd, or too forward since we just met and only for a few minutes, but I was wondering if you would like have coffee, or lunch, sometime?"

Her question caught me completely off-guard. "Um, yes, sure," I stammered.

"Why don't you check your calendar and you can call or text me a time that works for you. Do you know Terrenetti's, the small café on Prince Street?"

"I think I know where that is, but I've never been there."

"They have good coffee, salads and sandwiches, and biscotti and other Italian pastries that are out of this world. That should be fairly convenient for both of us. Like I said, check your calendar and let me know. If I don't hear from you I'll assume you don't want to go."

"OK," I said, still bewildered by the conversation. "I'll get back to you later."

"Thanks Beth," Allyson said. "Hope to see you soon. Have a good day." And the line went dead. I was perplexed, stunned actually. I sat holding the phone in my still sticky fingers wondering if Allyson had just asked me on a date. I tried to recall our brief exchange from the day before. I remembered she was gorgeous with blonde hair and blue eyes, an older version of her daughter, and I remembered shaking her hand and having a feeling about her touch. Did I dare go to lunch with her? What would Jenna think if she knew? Does it matter? If my mind was swirling after my lustful day with Jenna, it was now a muddled mess. There was a plethora of reasons to say no to Allyson's invitation and I slumped back into the couch with a heavy sigh. What had I gotten myself into? I closed my eyes as a thousand thoughts ran through my mind, and at some point, drifted off to sleep.

I awoke to the sound of children laughing and playing outside. I looked at my phone and realized I had dozed for over an hour, and Sara would be home soon. Once I was fully coherent my mind instantly went back to Allyson's call. I retrieved my tablet and logged in to check my patient schedule for the next few days. The days were packed with appointments, but it looked like I had some time I could carve out for lunch on Tuesday. The question is, did I want to? I pondered that question for a long time and then made up my mind. I picked up my phone and sent Allyson a text message, short and sweet.

Allyson, I have about an hour free Tuesday at 1. If the offer still stands, and you are free, I'll meet you then.

I put the phone down on the couch beside me with a sigh. Before my phone settled completely, it dinged with a message. Looking forward to seeing you Tuesday Beth. Can't wait.

That was fast, I thought. I may have just gone from the proverbial frying pan to the fire. Oh well, I haven't had any excitement in my life for quite some time, at least not until yesterday when I spent the day having sex with Allyson's teenage daughter! I chuckled to myself and settled back into the couch, already contemplating what I would wear Tuesday. Without warning my door burst open and Sara came running in. I instantly switched into mom-mode and welcomed her with open arms when she jumped into my lap. The rest of the night was spent listening to her chatter on about her weekend and asking me questions about mine. Not much I could share with her about my weekend activities, but she happily told me every detail about what she did. It felt like she had been gone so long, and was good to have her back. The time went by quickly and before I knew it, I was kissing her goodnight and tucking her in bed for the night. Once she was settled, I went back downstairs, plopped myself onto the couch and channel-surfed. After 30 minutes of nothing that remotely held my attention I turned the TV off and picked up my tablet. After another half hour or so of reading news, weather and catching up on social media I shifted to one of my favorite internet topics; porn. I did a quick search of a new topic, older women seducing younger women and, to no surprise, found a myriad of photos, videos and stories. I clicked on a link and a video began with a woman talking to a much younger girl. The acting wasn't great, but passable. The younger girl was a friend of the woman's daughter and had come to visit, but the daughter wasn't home. It didn't take long for them to start kissing, then undressing each other and I watched keenly as the older woman slipped between the girl's legs and began eating her shaved pussy. My own pussy quickly responded to the images on the screen and I slipped my hand into my shorts. I teased my clit with my fingers as I watched the woman on-screen lap away at the wet pussy grinding in her face. She brought the girl to a quick orgasm (I wondered if it was real or fake) and she re-positioned herself so she was sitting on the young girl's face. My mind flashed back to me being on the couch in the same position with Jenna the day before. I sat, transfixed, watching the young girl lick the mature cunt nestled on her mouth. You could see her tongue slipping into the wet folds and her face glistening. After a few minutes the woman shifted again and they moved into a 69. They worked in unison, eating each other hungrily until reaching their mutual orgasms and then the video stopped.

I had worked myself into a lather while watching and I quickly stripped off my t-shirt and shorts, and then started another video. In this one, a step-mother catches her step-daughter masturbating. After the embarrassment fades at being caught, the young girl admits she can't make herself orgasm and step-mom offers to help. The two actresses are very hot, much more so than in the first video, and watching the two blondes progress from the step-mom lightly touching and kissing the girl, to then fingering her and finally going down on her was a huge turn-on. After making the girl cum hard, the step-daughter then undresses the older woman and returns the favor, munching on her pussy until the woman floods her face with juices as she cums. My dirty mind went to me flooding Jenna with my juices and then, unconsciously, leapt to Allyson inundating Jenna's face as Jenna licked her mother. I exploded in orgasm with that naughty thought in my head, and the sight of the young blonde's face on the screen covered in wetness. I could feel my juices leaking out of my drooling pussy, the wickedness of my fantasy overtaking me. As I started recovering from my orgasm I thought 'my God, it's bad enough I had sex with Jenna, and that I may be thinking of doing the same with her mother, but to fantasize about them together is out-of-bounds.' But as much as I tried to convince myself it was terrible for me to have such a thought, my dirty mind was also trying picture them in the scenario I just viewed. I shook my head, trying to clear my mind. I closed out my browsing session, picked up my clothes and walked upstairs. I checked in on Sara, watching briefly as she slept peacefully. I did my nightly routine and slipped into bed. I laid in my bed hoping sleep would come quickly, and trying to keep any sexual thoughts from entering my mind, eventually drifting off to sleep.
