 You may want to read Seducing Jenna before reading this story.

*****

Jenna and I laid on the couch, our bodies intertwined, kissing like two lovers. I could feel her hard little nipples pressing in to me and I didn't want to move, but I knew she wanted more and I wasn't going let the opportunity pass to continue our tryst. I moved over her and got to my feet and stretched out my hand to her. Taking my hand, she got to her feet also. Hand-in-hand, we walked across the room toward the stairs. When we got to the stairs, I urged Jenna ahead of me. I wanted her going up the stairs first so I could watch her tight ass. We were almost to the top and I couldn't hold back any longer. I reached out with both hands and sunk my fingers into the firm globes of her ass. "You have a perfect butt," I groaned as I squeezed. 

She stopped walking, looked back over her shoulder and said "thank you." As I played with her, my hands pulled her cheeks apart, exposing her tight asshole to my gaze. I massaged her for a few more seconds then gave her a playful swat on her right cheek. "Let's keep moving or we'll never make it to the shower," I said and we climbed the last few stairs.

I moved beside her, took her hand again and led her to the master bathroom. Jenna gasped when she walked in. "This is amazing."

One of the best things my ex-husband did was include a huge walk-in shower in the master suite. You could easily fit five or six people in the shower, but right now I was just thinking about one other person. We stepped into the enclosure and I turned on the water. I stepped into the warm spray and pulled Jenna in with me. As the water cascaded over us I pulled her in for another kiss. Our kiss started slow and sensual, but gradually turned more passionate. I slid my thigh between her legs as we kissed and felt her start to grind on me and I could feel her boiling pussy sliding up and down on my wet thigh. I let her continue for a few minutes, but I didn't want her to cum like this so I withdrew my leg and Jenna whimpered.

"Does my little slut need to cum again?" I asked.

She looked at me and smiled "Yes, and I was so close."

"I know you were baby. Trust me, I'll make sure you cum as much as you want."

I reached behind me and grabbed my coconut shower gel and body sponge. I saturated the sponge, moved behind Jenna and began washing her shoulders. My hands moved the sponge all over her, slowly moving down her back, not missing an inch of her flawless skin. I moved to her lower back and the upper swell of her butt and then took the sponge away to add more gel. When I started again I reached down and started at Jenna's left ankle, slowly moving up the back of her leg, moving past her knee, up the back of her thigh and stopping when I reached her ass. Jenna moaned as I pulled my hand away and then I started on her right ankle and repeated the process. When I got to her ass I stopped again and knelt on the tile floor, Jenna's perfect young ass at eye level. I squeezed more get onto the sponge and then began washing her cute butt. I slid the sponge all over her right cheek and brought my free hand up to the left, squeezing and caressing her. Then I switched sides, using the sponge on her left cheek. My pussy was on fire as I knelt with my face just inches from her ass, with glimpses of her sweet pussy peaking between her legs turning me on more by the second.

"Jenna, reach back with your hands and spread your butt cheeks for me baby," I commanded. Her hands came back and she did just as she was told. I watched her fingers sink into her firm flesh and she slowly pulled her cheeks apart. I soaked the sponge with gel again and moved the sponge to the top of her ass. Then I slowly slid the sponge down between her cheeks, moving as slowly as possible, until the sponge finally slid onto her puckered asshole. I rubbed the sponge on her rosebud and heard Jenna whimper softly as she pushed her butt back into my hand.

"Do you like that baby?" I asked.

"It feels kinda weird, but good."

I moved the sponge in small circles around her tight opening, and rubbed right on the center of her asshole. I brought my left hand up between her legs and she moaned loudly as my fingers started teasing her hot little kitty. After a few more minutes of teasing I dropped the sponge onto the shower floor. I slid the middle finger of my left hand into her creamy pussy and watched the water of the shower trickle down between her cheeks, washing all the soap away. Then I leaned in and touched the tip of my tongue to her asshole, licking lightly.

"Oh my God!" she exclaimed.

I pulled away momentarily. "You're going to love this baby" and then leaned back in to resume licking her puckered backdoor. I took long licks, with the flat of my tongue, up over her rosebud, and then back down again. Over and over I licked at her clenching anus. Then, with the very tip of my tongue, I began rimming her, making a small circle with my tongue around the edge of her opening. As I did this I started pumping my finger in and out of her tight pussy harder and deeper. I could smell her overheated pussy and hear the wet sounds of my finger sliding in and out of her as I pushed my stiffened tongue into the center of her tight asshole, trying to worm my tongue up inside her.

I added a second finger inside her pussy as I continued trying to force my tongue into Jenna's ass. She was pushing back into my face and finally the tip of my stiffened tongue penetrated her slightly. Although my tongue wasn't inside her more than a fraction of an inch it sent Jenna over the edge. Her screams echoed off the tile walls as she came. "Fuck, fuck, fuck...don't stop. I can't believe you have your tongue in my ass," she bellowed as her cunt squeezed my fingers and juices oozed from her. I kept fingering and licking as her body quaked. I felt her sphincter relax slightly and I snaked my tongue a little deeper into her flexing asshole, bringing her to a second orgasm quickly. I felt so dirty with my tongue probing Jenna's tight, teen ass, but so alive as well. As she slowly came down from her orgasm I slipped my fingers out of her pussy and replaced them with my tongue, sucking out the sweet nectar dripping from her overflowing hole. 

At the same time, I brought my middle finger, coated with her slippery juices, to her asshole and pushed the tip of my finger into her. Jenna yelped at the invasion, but didn't pull away, and I slid in to the first knuckle. Her asshole was so incredibly tight. It was obvious she had never had anything in her ass before, but that wasn't going to stop me. My tongue moved to Jenna's swollen clit and I concentrated on licking her hard button. I flicked the tip of my tongue as fast as possible over her clit and as I felt another orgasm begin to swell and the muscles in her ass closed down on my finger, I thrust the entire length of my finger into her. She screamed again as she came and her muscles clamped down so tight I thought she may break my finger off inside her ass. Jenna squirted as she came, covering my face with her sweet fluids. My tongue never slowed on her clit and my finger remained lodged deep in her ass as I took her over the edge again. Finally, I moved from her clit and began drinking from her trickling cunt. Her body was shaking as she slowly came down from her multiple orgasms. I pushed my tongue into her cunt and was rewarded with a fresh flow of her pussy sap flowing into my mouth. I kept licking and sucking at her as she recovered.

"What did you do to me?" Jenna asked, gasping for air. "I didn't think it was possible to cum that hard or that often."

I didn't respond, continuing to slurp on her pussy. After a few more minutes I grudgingly pulled away. "Did my little slut like that?"

Jenna looked back over her shoulder at me kneeling behind her. "Do you really have to ask? That was amazing. I can't believe you licked my ass, and your finger is still in my ass! I never thought I'd like anything like that."

I pulled my hand back a little, and then pushed my finger back inside. Jenna mewled softly as my finger penetrated her. "I think my dirty little slut likes having her ass played with. Do you want me to keep fingering your asshole and make you cum more or have you had enough?"

"I think I've had enough, for now," Jenna smiled.

Very slowly I slid my finger out of her puckered hole. As soon as my finger was out, I leaned in and began licking her. Her opening was stretched just enough for me to push more of my tongue into her butthole. Jenna moaned as I started tongue-fucking her asshole. I continued tonguing her tight backdoor for a few minutes before unwillingly, pulling away, and gave her quick swat on her butt. I quickly stood and kissed Jenna, forcing my tongue in her mouth. She didn't hesitate to take my tongue in her mouth even though it had just been in her ass. When I broke the kiss I brought my hand to her face and pushed my middle finger in her mouth. "Taste your ass baby," I whispered. "Taste yourself on my finger that was deep in your asshole." 

Jenna groaned as she sucked on my finger. I pulled my finger from her mouth and put my hands on her shoulders, pushing her down. "You are such a dirty slut baby. My dirty slut. Now I need my dirty slut to make me cum. My cunt is ready to explode for you."

Jenna eagerly dropped to her knees in front of me. I looked down at her big, blue eyes staring at my pussy in front of her. I slid my fingers in her blonde hair and put my hands on the back of her head, pulling her into me as I spread my legs. The instant her mouth touched me she began licking my slippery folds. "That's it slut. You love eating my cunt don't you. You're going to spend a lot of time with your face buried between my legs from now on. I'm going to teach you to be an expert pussy pleaser."

Jenna's tongue speared inside my leaking cunt, moaning at my words, looking up at me with her big, blue eyes as she tongue-fucked me and I talked dirty to her. "Yes, that's it dirty girl. Get your tongue deep in my cunt. If you do a good job, I'll squirt all over your face again. Do you want me to spray your face with my cum again baby?"

She didn't answer. Instead she started tonguing me faster, pushing her tongue deeper into me than I thought possible. I started rubbing my clit with the fingers of my right hand as I held her into my pussy with my left hand. Looking down at the naughty nymph between my legs excitedly eating me quickly sent me over the edge. "Oh fuck yes baby here it comes. Drink from my cunt!" I literally saw stars as I came, my juices squirting into Jenna's mouth and all over her face. She pulled back and I watched as she opened her mouth to catch more of my spraying fluids. After two quick spurts she leaned back in to lap up all the cream trickling from my seeping pussy. She kept licking, like a kitten lapping up warm milk. Finally, she pulled back and smiled up at me. "Mmm, you taste so good. I actually drank some of your juices that time."

I lifted her off the shower floor and kissed her deeply, tasting myself on her lips and tongue. Our hot, wet bodies slid together as we kissed and held each other. I wanted more, lots more, but knew someone may be missing her by now. "I hate to say this, but you need to get going. I'm afraid someone may be looking for you. And you need to wash up, especially your face. I don't want you going home smelling like my pussy." Jenna's smile instantly turned to a pout. 

"But I want to smell like your pussy."

"I have an idea. Why don't you tell your parents you are babysitting here tonight? Tell them it will be late till I bring you home. Then we will have all night to play. Would my little slut like that?"

Her face lit up again as she stepped under the shower to wash the remnants of my pussy from her face. Jenna quickly washed herself and we stepped out of the shower. I grabbed her, pulled her wet body against me and kissed her deeply. I didn't want her to leave, but knew she had to go. I walked out of the bathroom into my bedroom while she started to dry off. I soon heard the sound of my hairdryer as I slipped on a robe. A few minutes later she emerged, looking as fresh as ever. I kissed her again and then led her downstairs. It took all of my willpower to not throw back onto the couch and begin licking her, but I managed. I watched as she dressed, and then we shared one last kiss at the door.

"Here is my number. Let me know about tonight."

"Plan on me being here," she said with a gleam in her eye, "I'm still horny." And with that she turned, opened the door, and walked out into the hot sun. I closed the door behind her and sighed. My cunt was heating up already thinking about having Jenna between my legs all night.