 I never imagined myself being as outgoing as I was last Friday night. In fact, many will tell you that I lead a rather dull life. Oh, I have friends, lots of them. But when we hang out I am usually the last one on the dance floor and the first one to sit back down. I must admit, reading my own description of my social life makes me want to fall asleep. 

"Come on, Claudia," my friends would say. "Have a drink, hook up with someone and forget where you left your thong in the morning," They were party girls alright, and last Friday night I decided I would take a journey through their world. 

A new club had opened in town and we were all excited to try it out. The drinks were cheap and the guys were plentiful, so the girls were happy enough. I had something else on my mind, though. Ever since I was seventeen, I found myself thinking more about girls than boys when I masturbated. Any time I attempted to meet someone for a romantic time, I only ever wanted women. Ten years on and it is exactly the same. 

Don't get me wrong. When the girls and I get a few drinks inside us, we end up with our tongues and fingers inside of each other. But a lot of girls do that. It's just one of those silly girly things that men dream about and search for online. 

I've had sex with most of my girlfriends. Amanda and I used to experiment every day after school. She would come over and seduce me like the little slut she was. Five minutes later out clothes would be scattered across my bedroom and our mouths would be pleasing the most sensitive parts of each other's bodies. It was bliss, but nothing more than two young girls experimenting. 

They knew I preferred girls, but I never referred to myself as a 'lesbian'. I don't know why, though. The image of a naked man never made me as wet as the thought of a smooth, silky, naked lady. It was easy for me to notice my interest in the same sex when one day I felt a moist spot in my panties grow as I spent a about three quarters of English class staring at Carla Tambourine's long, shiny legs. She always had a mini skirt on in school and sometimes a cute pair of toe-less heels. She was sought after by both the boys and girls in my school. I even heard that she had fooled around with a girl in a bathtub at a party. All that gave me the material I needed to play out multiple scenarios in my head involving myself and Carla. Happy times. 

I was all dolled up and ready to hit the club with the girls. I slipped into my short purple dress and decided not to go with the bra. I had an impressive cleavage and I wasn't opposed to showing it off. I wore the matching sandal heels that I got only two days before. Pink lipstick and eye shadow completed my look. Oh, and a small black thong. It wasn't exactly warm that night. 

It only took us twenty minutes to get to the club and we were lucky enough to beat the line. There were already a good two dozen people in the club at that time. The music was playing and the people were either having a drink or dancing their asses off. Of course, I immediately began looking at the women in their strapless dresses, miniskirts and heels dancing as though they had just taken a magical eroticism potion. I really wanted to meet a girl that night, and the thought of taking one home with me was driving me insane. 

I was always very good looking growing up. Everyone said so. A slim built, ample chest and nice legs, I often wondered myself why I was single. But I wanted that to change tonight. 

We sat at a booth that faced the DJ booth on the other side of the dance floor. The girls were chatting away about the latest episode of Big Brother. I didn't watch it so it made me feel a little out of the loop when the girls were deep in conversation and I was left to think of a new topic of conversation. 

Mandy sat to my left. She was my most recent friend. She was really beautiful and had a reputation of being rather gender blind after she had had a few drinks in her. I saw her once give oral to a girl in the car park of a night club, and then later saw her bent over the hood of a guys car. She had her thong down to her ankles and she was screaming her orgasm into her purse. She was a wild one, but she was always super sweet to me. 

I told Mandy that I was more interested in meeting a girl that night. She grinned, ran her hand up my dress and just stopped short of my pussy. My heard began to beat fast. I looked down to see that she had hiked my dress up a bit. The biggest shock was when she leaned forward and ran her tongue over my lips and into my mouth. She pulled away and said "Just one girl?" She laughed and threw her head back. That was Mandy. A laugh and a half. 

We ordered more drinks and I was now coming out of my shell. My other friend, Jackie, told me that she was feeling frisky and she wanted to dance. Dancing was her mating call. The way she swished her hips and slut-dropped always turned heads. I looked at her as she made her way to the dance floor. Her body was to die for. I guess it was the alcohol, but I had the urge to nuzzle my head between her breasts and squeeze them with my bare hands. 

I had to cool down. I told the girls still sitting at the booth that I was going to go outside for some air. I made my way around the swaying crowd and exited through the door. 

The air was so cool. In retrospect I was glad I opted to wear my panties after all. There weren't many people outside. Just a few couples chatting away and enjoying the dull drone of the music coming from inside. I took several deep breaths and emptied my head. There were a lot of hot girls in there and to be honest, I wanted all of them. Just me and all of them, naked and in a pile in the middle of the room with out legs flailing in the air. I laughed at myself as I though about it. 

I was about to head back inside when I dropped my clutch bag. "Shit," I said aloud. I bent down to pick it up when suddenly a beautiful vision appeared before me. Next to my clutch bag was a smooth, shapely foot, with polished, pink toenails all dressed up in a five inch, silver, strappy high heel. My mouth dropped open. It failed to notice that I was still bent over in a short dress. I grabbed my clutch bag and got back up. 

When I saw her, she was smiling. She was a stunning vision of beauty. She had short blonde hair with her bangs covering one eye. She had a full set of lips on her that you would never stop kissing. Her green eyes sparkled in the light. They were the kind you could get lost in. 

After a moment she asked "Um, are you okay?" I never realised that I had just been staring at her like a creepy lunatic. 

"Oh, yes. I'm fine, thanks," I replied. 

She opened the door and held it open for me. I smiled and walked back inside. The music was loud again and I reckon that is why she grabbed my arm to stop me and decided to talk to me in the lobby. "They are on sale at Dunn's," she said. 

"Sorry?" 

"My shoes. I saw you were interested in them. I got them in the Dunn's sale yesterday. I'm sure they would suit you just fine." 

"They look so sexy - beautiful, I mean beautiful on you." 

Her eyes widened. I thought I had blown it until she giggled again. "Thanks, love. I'd say you would look good in anything." 

I blushed. I was getting a compliment from a very sexy girl regarding a very sexy garment that she was wearing and telling me that I too could be sexy in them. She still had her soft hand on my arm. "I'm Claudia," I said. 

She giggled and looked deep into my eyes. "I'm Jenna," she replied. 

Her hand slid down my arm. She didn't hold too tight, but just enough to give me a tingle in my pussy. 

She stepped closer to me. "I haven't seen you around this part of town before. I think I would remember a pretty lady like you." 

My heart fluttered. "Well, we normally go out on the other side of town. This place just opened tonight so we thought we would check it out." 

"We? You came with people?" 

"Yes, my girlfriends. We usually go out together. I was sort of thinking about hooking up tonight." Then I thought why the fuck did I just say that? She grinned and bit her lip 

"Me too," she replied. "Have you seen anyone you want to be with?" 

I wasn't going to say a damn thing. I could tell she wasn't exactly new to going out and hooking up with whomever she wanted. Her stance told me that she was always on show. She stood like a model at the end of a runway. 

"I haven't really noticed anyone yet. You should know that I am interested in women." 

She continued biting her bottom lip. It drove me wild. I had the urge to run my tongue over her plump lips like Mandy did to me. 

"Wow, that's something you don't see much around here. What about your girlfriends, are they into girls too?" 

"Well we have out moments, but they are looking for guys." 

"Oh, party girls, eh? It's a lucky girl that gets to put her hands on you." 

I giggled from embarrassment. I was actually being flirted with. I also noticed that she was still touching my arm. I knew right then and there that I wanted her to be that 'lucky girl'. "Do you want to get a drink?" I asked. 

She put her hand on my bare shoulder and whispered "I'd rather drink you." She pushed her pretty lips against mine and gave me the most sensual kiss I'd ever received. Her lips slid and folded over mine. I returned the favour by placing my hand on her waist and pressing my mouth harder onto hers. 

It didn't take long before I felt her tongue enter my mouth. Like a cute, wriggling worm, it made itself at home. I didn't care if anyone saw us. I wrapped my leg around hers and almost creamed in my panties at the feeling of her soft skin. 

As our tongues wrestled, I ran my hands through her hair as hers explored my ass. She took a firm grip and even spread my cheeks apart a little bit. I was instantly in heaven. I could already picture our night together. 

After a moment, she pulled away. She held my hands and looked at me with a beautiful smile on her face. She could tell I was breathless from our kiss. She was obviously very proud of her skills in the romance department. I wanted to know more about her skills in the slut department. "Well, this is a great start to my night. I wish there were more girls like you around," I said. 

"I'm one in a million, honey," she replied. 

"You sure are." 

Hand in hand, we walked into the main club and walked over to the bar. She ordered two drinks for us and we sat on the bar stools. I looked over at the booth and saw my friends pointing at me with their mouths wide open. They spotted Jenna and she knew they had."Wow, your friends are hot, babe," she said, crossing her legs and glancing over at them. 

"You can tell just by a glance?" I asked. 

"You are clearly a woman of good taste. And a woman of good taste has very good-looking friends." 

"I guess I must have good taste if I let you kiss me," I said flirtatiously. 

She giggled and stroked my arm. "Are you glad you met me five minutes ago?" 

"I am. I mean I was a little surprised that we went so far so soon after we met. But I really liked it. You made me feel a kind of passion I have never felt before." 

I think I made her day when I said that. She bounced happily on her bar stool like a giddy child. I noticed her perky breasts bouncing as she did. Her top didn't show much on top, but it did reveal a pair of long, sexy pins at the bottom. I could tell that I was coming out of my shell. I teased her a little by rubbing my leg against hers. We giggled as we sipped out drinks. I knew people were looking at us, especially the men. I could tell they had a mental image of myself and Jenna with our fingers in each other's pussies on the dance floor. Either that or imagining their girlfriends making out with us. "Do you think you would be interested us seeing each other again soon?" I asked shyly. 

"I was under the impression that our night together wasn't over," she replied as she ran her hand up my dress. 

I set my empty glass down on the table and took her hand in mine. We had only known each other for about thirty minutes, and I have to admit I was still feeling a little uneasy about how quick this was going. I didn't know who she was, other than her name and that she was a sexy goddess. And then there was the other part of me that thought fuck it, we will get to know each other later! 

We got to know each other a little bit more as the night went on. We moved from the bar to the dance floor. I spotted Mandy with her hands around a guys waist as he gyrated his cock against her pussy. She looked over her shoulder and spotted me dancing with Jenna and winked. I swear I saw her mouthing oh my god, and could spot the slight jealousy on her face. 

I had my had around Jenna's waist and our hips snaked with one another in beat to the music. We never lost eye contact with each other the whole time. She had those come to bed eyes that could make you melt. I gave her my best sexy stare back. Whether or not it was working, I had no idea. But she pulled me closer to her and now our breasts touched, so I knew I had a some sort of effect on her. 

She kissed me again. It was only a peck on the lips, but as she pulled away she clasped my bottom lip with her teeth and pulled gently, teasing me a little. I giggled and ran my hands up her waist to pull her even tighter to me. Her perfume wafted up my nostrils. She smelled like a goddess of seduction with the sweet scent that drew people towards her in a trance. It was intoxicating. 

During the slower numbers, we rested out heads on each other's shoulders, every now and then kissing each other and nibbling on each other's earlobes. We laughed as we did so and then she said the four words I had wanted to hear from her all night. "Come home with me," she said, again with her coy little smile adding to her beauty. How could I resist? And yet, knowing that she wanted to take things further, I felt like my feet were frozen to the ground and my body was paralysed. 

"Are you sure?" I asked. She didn't respond to my question in words. Instead she ran her hand up the back of my dress and squeezed my left buttock. I jumped and squeezed her waist in response. I saw that no one was actually looking at us, but I still felt exposed with her hand squeezing my ass. I then realised that Jenna wanted to have sex with me and would be willing to make an exhibition of us both by doing me on the dance floor. I figured it would be best if we had privacy. Besides, this was what I set out to to do. 

"I'd love to," I replied. 'Are you local?" 

She nodded and said "Don't worry, I'm not a weirdo." She laughed and began stroking my hand with her fingers in a way that made me want to purr like a cat. "How about it? I could show you a good time." 

"Of course! But I'll have to tell my friends first." 

She walked off to the bathroom to freshen up, making sure I noticed her ass wiggling as she walked. She told me she was going to show me a good time and I didn't think for a second that she would disappoint. I, on the other hand had only found sexual satisfaction recently from fingering myself or using a deodorant bottle as a dildo. So I was a little rusty. I had to please her in a way that would equate to the toe-curling orgasm she had in mind for me. 

I scurried over to the booth and saw that only Mandy and Natalie were sitting there. "Where are the girls?" I asked them. 

Natalie took a sip of her drink and pointed to the dance floor. "They're having a good time. I hope you are too, young lady." 

I blushed, thinking how I was going to explain that I was going home with a girl not long after I had met her. Then I decided I would tell them straight up that the hottest girl in the world wants to eat me out until I was dry at her place. "I've pulled," I said. 

They looked at each other then looked back at me. Mandy looked behind me to see if anyone was there. "Who is it?" she asked. 

I looked over and spotted Jenna coming out of the bathroom. I pointed her out to the girls and watched in delight as their mouths dropped open. They eyed her up in down and I could tell they were suddenly feeling a little wet. 

Jenna waved over at me and blew me a kiss. I pretended to catch it and rub it on my breast to be a little naughty. She bit her bottom lip and waived for me to come over. 

"That's is incredible, Claudia!" said Mandy. "She is smoking hot! I've never seen her before!" 

"She's from the other side of town," I replied. I felt a little full of myself, but I didn't mind as it was usually the other girls that left with a good-looking girl or guy. Now it was my turn and I was going to have an incredible story to tell them tomorrow. 

I kissed the girls goodbye and made my way over to Jenna who was waiting at the door to the lobby. She held her arms out and took me in for one more passionate kiss before we left. I was never going to get tired of that slender tongue inside of me. 

It only took us five minutes to hail a cab. It was a good thing too as it began to rain. Jenna told the driver the address and we set off for her place. 

As soon as we set off, she put her hand on my leg and began to stroke it. I looked at her and saw that she was leaning in for a kiss. Our lips touched and I was in heaven again. I loved the feeling of her, plump, shiny lips. I ran my tongue along them and tasted her sweet, cherry lip gloss. Her mouth sandwiched my tongue and she began to suck on it. I could only imagine the hard-on the diver was getting if he was watching us. 

Her touch felt so good, but I tried not to make any noise so as to keep the driver from either throwing us out or try to get involved. Jenna pulled away but continued to travel up my thigh with her soft hand. Before long, she was stroking the fabric of my panties. She looked at my breasts and placed her head between my exposed cleavage. I felt her tongue lick between my breasts. My heart began to race. I'd never been felt up in the back of a cab before. However, bliss came to an end as she looked up and said "This is us here, driver." We had arrived. 

From the outside, her house looked stunning. I knew a girl like her would make sure the inside was just as lovely. She paid the driver and we got out. My legs were a little shaky from our back seat romp and had no doubt that it certainly had some effect on Jenna. 

The street was quiet and the only noise came from our heels clicking on the ground. We held hands until we got to her front door. She gave me a quick peck on the cheek and then opened the door. 

I was so happy to see that she kept a lovely home. The smell of sweet air freshener filled my nose. Her decor was modern with the slightest theme of dark pinks and purples. She took my hand again and led me towards the living room. 

"You have a lovely living room," I remarked. 

I heard the clinking of glass coming from the kitchen. "Thanks," she replied. "I was never sure if I had that much of a decorator's eye, but I like it." 

"It's beautiful." I sat on the sofa and fixed my hair. A moment later, Jenna came into the living room and sat two wine glasses on the table and poured us both some red wine. 

"I hope you like this," she said. She handed me the glass and I took a sip from it. 

"Mm, it's lovely," I replied. I sat the glass back on the table and looked at her. She sat next to me and crossed her legs. She leaned in against me until our shoulders touched. We played footsie and felt each other's toes through the straps of our heels. "You have pretty feet," I said. 

"Thanks. I got a pedicure this morning. I love the shade of red on your toes, Claudia." 

We laughed and spent a few minutes playing sexy sword fights with our legs and feet. I felt a lot more relaxed now, but I wasn't sure if it was the wine. She looked even lovelier in this light. Her teeth were pure white and her skin slightly tinted with a tan. I couldn't resist her. 
