 As we had earlier today, Jenna and I walked hand-in-hand to the stairs. This time we were headed to my bed and, hopefully, a night of torrid sex that would inevitably follow. At the bottom of the stairs we paused and kissed again. I considered dropping to my knees and eating her right there, but I summoned more willpower than I knew existed and held off. I led her up the stairs and into my room where I pulled her firm body to me again, feeling her young tits press against me and we kissed passionately. Both of us were panting as I broke the kiss and reached for the thin straps of her dress. I slid the straps off her shoulders and down her arms, and then lowered her dress exposing her perky boobs. Her little pink nipples were hard as pebbles and I leaned down and licked her right nipple as I pushed her dress lower. When it slipped over her hips I let it fall to the floor, puddling around her feet. I stepped back to look at her and licked my lips as I surveyed her lithe body. She looked so young and virginal in her white cotton bikini panties, except for the fact that the cotton was totally saturated and clinging to her. I stepped close again and as my lips found hers, my hand slid onto her soaked panties and I rubbed her leaking pussy through the wet cotton.

I moved to Jenna's ear and whispered "I can't believe how wet you are baby. Your panties are totally saturated. Did eating my pussy and ass turn you on that much?"

"God yes. I love eating you Beth. I'll eat you as much as you want."

"You can lick me more later, but it's my turn to feast now. You've waited long enough and I need to taste your sweet pussy again."

I stepped back and started unbuttoning my blouse. "Take off your panties baby and get on the bed," I ordered. As I slipped my blouse off I watched Jenna shimmy her panties down, step out of the them and walk to my bed. 

"Go ahead, lie down on the bed and show me how you played with yourself this afternoon when you were thinking about me."

I reached behind my back and undid the clasp on bra, watching as Jenna laid down on her back, spread her legs and started teasing her tight cunt with her fingers. I slipped off my skirt quickly and walked to the edge of the bed. "Has anyone ever watched you play with your pussy before?"

She shook her head as her fingers continued caressing her dripping pussy. I didn't want her to cum, so I thought I would change things up a bit and see how far she would go with me watching.

"Show me the naughty thing you did with your finger when you were alone today."

She gave a breathless gasp at my request. Without a word, Jenna rolled onto her stomach, then pulled her knees up under her, spread them wide and arched her back giving me a perfect view of her unblemished ass. She reached back with the wet fingers that were in her pussy moments ago and I saw her fingers slip between the firm globes of her ass. She hesitated briefly, and then I watched as she pushed the tip of her middle finger, slick with her juices, into her tight, puckered hole. She groaned at the penetration and as I stared, my pussy now on fire again, Jenna slowly slid the entire length of her finger up her ass, moaning as her finger entered.

"Does my slut like that? Does it feel good having your ass filled?" I asked.

"Yes. I never thought I'd like anything in my butt till you did it to me in the shower. I feel so naughty doing this."

"It is naughty, and you are a very naughty girl, Jenna. I'm going to do even naughtier things to you and your ass tonight."

"Oh God," she whimpered. "I said I'll do anything for you Beth, and I mean that. I will."

I couldn't take it anymore. I couldn't just stand and watch. I had a very wicked thought and reached back on the floor to pick up her drenched panties. Moving back to the edge of the bed I took her wrist in my hand and slowly eased her finger out of her asshole. As she looked over her shoulder I lifted her hand to my mouth and sucked on her finger briefly. Pulling her finger out of my mouth I commanded "Roll over onto your back."

She instantly complied and I moved onto my bed, kneeling next to her. I moved my hand to her face, told her to open her mouth, and then stuffed her sodden panties into her mouth. "There baby, now you can taste pussy while I go down on you, even if it is your own. Suck your juices out of your panties like a good little slut."

Jenna looked incredibly hot with her white panties protruding from her mouth and I knew they would help muffle the moans and screams I intended to elicit from her. I put my hands under her legs and lifted them perpendicular to the bed, then moved so that the back of her legs were resting against my chest, her feet at my shoulders. I turned to kiss one of her delicate feet and ran my tongue around her dainty toes, watching her reaction as I teased her toes with my tongue. Then I took her calves in my hands and pushed her legs away from me, not stopping till the flexible teen was bent almost in half, her feet now above her head. I moved forward and slid my knees under her ass, then slid my hands back to her hips and lifted, pulling Jenna up so she was on her shoulders, her back against me. My hands moved to the back of her thighs and I pushed her legs open and down, pushing her knees to her tits, her feet on either side of her head. Both her pulsating pussy and pink rosebud were spread wide open in front of me. I put my arms around her waist, just under her legs, and lifted her a little higher. In this position her pussy was poised directly below me and just above her face. I took a deep breath, filling my lungs with the heavenly aroma of her hot, young cunt.

"Mmmm, you smell so good baby. I love the smell of an overheated pussy." I leaned down and ran my nose through her wet folds, breathing in her scent deeply, and then replaced my nose with my tongue. The taste of her sweet pussy filled my mouth as I started licking. My hands slithered up between her legs and I pulled back, reluctantly, and looked down at Jenna. Her eyes were wide open, wild and lust-filled, and she was breathing heavily through her nose with her panties stuffed in her mouth. I smiled down at her. "Do you trust me baby?" I whispered. She nodded her head softly. 

"Good. I'm going to do things you've never done, maybe even never imagined, and I'm going to take you places sexually you've never gone."

She took a deep breath at my words. My hands tightened on her ass and I pried her cheeks open. Her tight, little butthole winked open slightly and I gazed deeply into Jenna's eyes as I leaned in and touched my tongue to the center of her puckered star. Her muffled moan was music to my ears. My fingers slid deeper into the valley of her ass and I pulled hard, stretching her open and I immediately poked into the center of her tight butthole with the tip of my tongue. In this position I knew her ass would open more easily, and the longer she stayed like this, the more I hoped to relax her snug backdoor. I pulled back and spit down into her pink anus, watching some of my saliva trickle inside her and the rest slide down into her pussy. Almost immediately I delved back into her asshole with my tongue, determined to open her up and have her experience the feeling of a warm tongue exploring her deepest recesses. As the tip of my stiff tongue probed, I felt her anus open slightly and I pushed inward. Below, Jenna gasped as she felt the tip of my tongue enter her forbidden hole. I continued pushing into her tight ass, entering only a millimeter at a time, but slowly sliding deeper into her butt. As I looked lustfully into her blue eyes, I continued to probe. It took quite a while, but gradually her tight anal muscles loosened enough for the tip of my tongue to plunge into her rectum. She screamed as my tongue entered her and her body shook as she came, her breathing ragged. I felt her anal muscles clamp down on my tongue as her shrieks were muffled by her panties. With my tongue buried in her ass I glided my fingers to her hardened clit, rubbing her to a second quick orgasm. Before she could fully recover, I reluctantly pulled my tongue out of her ass. The fingers of my left hand continued to stimulate her swollen slit as I sucked two fingers of my right hand into my mouth and, without warning, sank my middle finger into her ass and my index finger into her gooey pussy. She screamed again as I started finger-fucking both of her holes. She told me she had done this to herself earlier today, and as wet as her holes were I knew she could take my fingers without difficulty. 

I pumped my fingers in and out of her and hissed down at her "cum for me slut, show me how much you love having your pussy and ass fingered." It didn't take long till she was cumming again, and as she shuddered in climax I slid my index finger out of her burning pussy and slipped both fingers into her butt and she screamed as her ass was stretched open wider. I sunk both fingers in and then began thrusting in and out of her clenching asshole. The only sound in the room was Jenna's heavy breathing and the sound of my fingers pumping in and out of her ass. I teased her distended clit with one hand as I pumped my fingers in and out of her ass relentlessly. Her body began writhing and the panties in her mouth muffled her howls of delight as the dual stimulation of her clit and asshole drove her into a sexual frenzy. When she reached her peak and her orgasm hit I was glad I had stuffed her mouth with her panties as everyone on my street would have heard her scream. I pushed my fingers as deep into her ass as possible and I felt her twitch and convulse, and then her pussy exploded. It was like a dam breaking as her clear girl cum gushed out in two huge squirts. In the position she was in, the full flood of her juices splattered all over her face, drenching the cute girl in her own cum. I leaned forward and sucked her stiff clit into my greedy mouth, attacking the swollen nub with an animal lust. She squealed again at this new assault and I began thrusting my fingers in and out of her ass again. I lost track of all sense of time as I worked on Jenna, making her cum over and over. I have no idea how many orgasms she experienced as one seemed to flow right into the next. A steady stream of her juices was leaking out of her cunt onto my tongue and dripping down onto her pretty face. After one more powerful orgasm I finally felt her slump against me and I slowed my onslaught. I pulled my mouth away from her sensitive clit and looked down at Jenna. Her eyes were closed, her chest heaving and I could see and hear her sucking in air through her nostrils. I reached down and pulled the panties from her mouth and she took in a huge gulp of air as she opened her lust-filled eyes. I watched as she licked her dry lips and sighed heavily. "That was incredible," she managed to say between breaths. "I may not be able to walk all night, but it was incredible."

I smiled at her and said "I'm glad you liked it."

"Liked it?" she exclaimed. "I can't begin to describe what you did to me. I can't believe I came all over my own face!"

"That was just an added bonus. I really didn't plan that. I guess you can squirt too."

"I had no idea I could cum that hard, that anyone could cum that hard, or that much."

My fingers were still lodged in her ass and I wiggled them a little. "We can start again any time. I think my little slut really likes having her ass filled."

"Not yet. I need to recover a little, but I'll be ready for more soon."

"Good," I said, "because my pussy needs some more attention from that talented tongue of yours."

I slowly slid my fingers out of her ass and quickly leaned in to lick her backdoor before it closed up. As I tongued her butthole I moved my hand to her face and put my fingers to her lips. "Taste yourself baby. Taste your ass on my fingers."

Her lips parted and I pushed my fingers into her mouth. She instantly began sucking, not caring that those fingers had been deep in her ass a few moments earlier. I slid my tongue into her puffy pussy, licking her slowly and lightly, enjoying the delicious taste of her creamy cunt. After a few minutes I moved and let Jenna's body slump down into the tangled sheets. I moved beside her and we kissed deeply. Jenna's warm, smooth body against me felt so good. We kissed softly and held each other as we recovered from our orgasmic romp. My pussy was burning, but it felt so good to cuddle with the nubile teen I was willing to wait till she regained her composure and was ready to continue. I lightly caressed her body, my fingers eventually finding their way to her hard nipples. I teased the hard, pink nipples with the tip of my fingers before giving them a gentle tug.

"Your fingers feel soooo good," she whimpered. "Your fingers touching my nipples sends shocks directly to my pussy."

I didn't respond, but pinched her nipples again, a little harder this time, then leaned down to suck her right nipple between my lips while still toying the left with my fingers. I went back and forth across her chest, licking, sucking and biting her perfect, pink nipples and I could feel Jenna begin to squirm in excitement on my bed. I lost track of all time as I continued to tease Jenna's nipples, wanting to drive her wild with desire. My own pussy was excessively wet and in need of attention, but I didn't want to stop until I had worked her into a frenzy. Jenna's nipples were hard as diamonds and dripping with my saliva. She was breathing heavily as I continued teasing until, finally, it was too much for her.

"God Beth, please touch my pussy.," she panted. "You are driving me crazy teasing me like that."

I gave one last, long suck to her nipple, and then wordlessly pulled away. I turned on the bed and lifted my right leg over her, straddling her. Jenna instantly spread her legs wide and I dipped my head between her legs while I lowered my dripping pussy to her mouth. In unison, we moaned at the touch of tongues to pussy. I began riding her face, eager for my little lezzie nympho to make me cum again. Jenna lapped at my silky folds, sucking my fleshy lips into her mouth. I fastened my mouth onto her slick pussy and began teasing her hard little clit with my tongue. I felt Jenna's hands on my ass, pulling my weeping cunt down to her as her wiggling tongue slid into my pleasure center, her nose rubbing against my asshole giving me added stimulation. I pulled away from her briefly and reached under my pillow to retrieve the vibrator I had stashed there earlier. I sucked the toy into my mouth, covering it with my saliva. Pulling the 6" silver toy from my mouth, I turned the knob and it started buzzing in my hand. I moved it between her legs and instantly pushed it into her tight, pink tunnel as my tongue found her clit. Jenna squealed at the new sensation of having the vibrating toy deep inside her, but didn't stop sucking noisily on my overflowing cunt. I could hear her purring, as she often did when she was between my legs. Her lips and tongue were driving me wild as she licked, sucked and nibbled on my pussy. I could feel my orgasm building and wanted my little teen slut to cum with me, so I zeroed in on her swollen clit, attacking it with my tongue while I mercilessly fucked her clutching cunt hard with my toy. My tongue was blur, flicking her clit as fast as possible and her body went rigid, her scream of release was muffled as she continued munching on my cunt, sending me over the edge as our delicious mutual orgasms consumed us. Neither of us stopped working on the other as our excitement increased. One spine tingling orgasm gave way to another, and another. I was afraid I may drown Jenna in pussy juice as my pussy produced an inordinate flow of cream for my young lover to lap up. Even with Jenna thrashing under me, I somehow managed to keep my vibrator squishing in and out of her gooey cunt and my lips and tongue on her bloated clit.

We continued working on each other's pussy until we both neared exhaustion. I pulled the vibrator out of her leaking pussy and rolled off her, quickly turning to kiss her. I was shocked to see she was lying in a puddle of my cum, her face covered with my juices and the rumpled sheets soaked all around her head. I kissed her soft lips as I took her in my arms and wrapped myself around her. I could feel Jenna's heart beating against me as we came down from our tidal wave of lust and we relaxed in each other's arms, basking in the glow of our orgasmic bliss. Jenna nuzzled her head into my shoulder as our arousal waned. I held her close and kissed her forehead gently as my body relaxed.

I awoke with start. Jenna groaned as I moved to look at the clock on the bedside table. I had no idea how long we slept, but it was now 10:30. I sighed, glad that we hadn't overslept as I'm not sure how we would have explained that to Jenna's mom. Before I could turn back to my young lover, the insatiable teen lowered her head and latched on to my right nipple, her cheeks hollowing as she sucked it to hardness in seconds. As she nursed on my nipple I felt her hand slithering down over my hip and sliding between my legs. My pussy was still wet as her fingers began caressing my swollen lips.

"Is someone still horny?" I asked, smiling.

Jenna gave one last suck on my nipple and then pulled away. "God, yes. I don't know what you've done to me Beth, but I can't get enough of you." She looked at me with lust-filled eyes and asked "Can I please lick your pussy some more? I want to taste you again." Then she took my nipple back between her lips, sucking hungrily.

"Yes baby, you can eat my pussy again. You really love it don't you? You love having your face between my legs lapping up all the sweet pussy juices I give you."

Without removing my nipple from her mouth she looked up at me and nodded. I put my hands on her shoulders and gently pushed her down. She slid down my body and I spread my legs wide open to accommodate her, pulling two pillows under my shoulders so I could watch my teenage lover eat me.

Jenna laid on her stomach and lowered her face to me. I watched as her tongue extended and she started lapping at my pussy like a kitten with a bowl of milk. I could see the smoldering desire in her eyes as she began to munch on me. I decided to test her, see how far she was willing to go.

"Now that you know how good it is, how much you love eating pussy, are you going to show Emily what it feels like to have her pussy licked?"

Jenna's eyes went wide and she whimpered at my suggestion. I could see her mind working, fantasizing about her friend.

"I know you love kissing her Jenna, and I know you want to do more than just kiss her. Think about doing with Emily what you are doing to me right now. Imagine how sweet her pussy will taste, and how much it will turn you on to finally have Emily between your legs."

She gasped at my words, but never stopped exploring my slick cunt. As she wormed her tongue into my slippery folds I continued teasing her with my words.

"It's obvious you love pussy Jenna. Don't fight it. You belong where you are right now, your face buried in a wet cunt. And having your face between your best friend's legs, eating her like you are eating me now, is the next step for you."

Jenna pulled away from my drooling pussy, a thin strand of saliva going from her bottom lip to my cunt. "You won't be upset if I want to do this with Emily?" she asked, obviously worried that I'd think less of her.

"No baby," I said, reaching down and softly stroking her cheek. "I know how much you have fantasized about Emily. How much you've thought about tasting her, having her juices smeared all over your face. That's what you want, what you now know you love. Why shouldn't you do it?"

She didn't answer. Instead she dipped back between my legs and started licking again, sliding her tongue into me. It was incredibly erotic to see her sweet, innocent face working my pussy. I reached down, putting my hands on the back of her head and pulled her into me, her mouth fastening onto my cunt. Her tongue pushed deeper into me and Jenna looked like she was in heaven. I could hear her cooing as she thrust her tongue into me.
