 Jenna awoke the next morning, enveloped in warm, satin sheets, with some smallpatches of sunlight streaming across a fragrantly scented bedspread. She laythere unmoving on her side, and then remembered exactly how she had gotten inthis situation. Smiling, she felt an arm slowly graze her shoulder andpull hernto a warm embrace. It hadn't been a dream then, she was still with Veronicaafter one of the best nights of her life.

"Oh, you're awake," said a soft voice in her ear, the same one who had calledher to a cab the night before after she got off a bus to keep her safe from the city life that welcomed her. Jenna turned onto her back and looked up at Veronica, who planted a soft kiss on her lips.

"Okay, so I know you aren't drunk anymore...did you enjoy last night?" she asked Jenna with a smile.

Jenna might have drank a little too much wine the night before, but she remembered the night's events vividly.She had tasted pussy for the first time in her life, and had enjoyed it immensely. Her recent breakup with herhometown boyfriend fresh in her mind, she was reveling in her intimate eveningwith Veronica, thinking about her luscious C-cup breasts, curving waist, andbeautiful shaven pussy. She was so lost in these thoughts that it took her a moment to answer.

"Last night...was the best night I have had in a long time," she replied. "I don't think I will ever be able to get enough of your delicious pussyever again," she said as she ran her hand over Veronica's stomach and down the outside of her thigh.

"Oh, so...me asking you to live with me here wouldn't be a question that would be too hard to answer?" asked Veronica.

Jenna giggled with delight, and slid her fingers lightly up the inside of Veronica's thigh, who bent her knee up in reaction. As she brought her index and middle fingers up to Veronica's pussy, she lightly carressed the outer folds."I'm yours," Jenna answered. Veronica moaned slightly and leaned in to kiss her, her tongue immediately swirling in Jenna's mouth. Jenna slightly penetrated Veronica's outer lips, and moaned in desire.

"Oh...you are so wet, you are turning me on so bad..." Jenna moaned through her kisses. Her tongue began to lick at Veronica's mouth while they kissedin the same movements that she used with her fingers down below, teasing Veronica open more and more.Jenna felt like this was completely natural, and lovedevery second on it. Veronica graoned deeply when Jenna finally plunged herfingers into her sopping wet pussy, and also delved deeply into her mouth withher tongue. After spending some time doing this, both Jenna and Veronicawere on fire for each other.

"Baby I have to taste you, I didn't get to last night..." Veronica said when they broke their kiss."Are you ready to try something new?" she asked as she climbed on top of Jenna.

"I think I am going to be trying lots of new things in the coming future," Jenna answered. When Jenna saw that Veronica had flipped around and had heramazing pussy coming down on her, she smiled and said, "Finally I get moredeliscious pussy...I have been waiting for more since last night...mmmmmm," shesaid greedily.

Veronica and Jenna both hit each other's pussy at the same time, licking and sucking. Veronica's juices were running down Jenna's face and throat,but she made a valiant effort to lick them all up. "Baby your pussy tastes sogood, oooh and you feel so good...yes baby suck my clit again, make me cum,ooooh yes...." Veronica moaned. She returned quickly to Jenna's throbbing clit, however, and the two finished each other off, trying hard to keep going while they both came. They stayed in the 69 position long after cumming, greedily licking up all of each other's juices.They finally collapsed together and laid there stroking each other.

"So," Veronica said as she fondled Jenna's breasts, "You're ready to live with me I think. I just wanted to make clear a few things now that you have made your decision."

"Oh, I'll do anything for you," Jenna said.

"That's exactly it actually..." Veronica added.

"Sounds good to me, I'll do anything you wish," Jenna responded.

"That, baby, is just what I wanted to hear," Veronica grinned.

Jenna did end up doing anything Veronica wished, but she was well rewarded. Veronica took her shopping in the next couple of days, buying her allthe expensive lingerie she liked on her. She would pick out her outfit for every day, and expected Jenna to be wet and ready for her every day when she returned home from work. Anytime Veronica wanted her pussy licked, or wanted to have her way with Jenna, she got exactly what she wanted. Jenna could not have been happier. She stayed home every day, fantasizing about a past evening with Veronica or what was to come that evening, watching porn movies on the internet and getting hot and ready for her.

One week, Jenna got an exciting phonecall from her. "Hey baby, listen, I am just calling to let you know that I have a special treat for you tonight. My friend Beth is coming over tonight to play with you, and I think you'll just have a wonderful time."

Jenna was starting to get wet before Veronica even finished giving her the details. 

That evening, Veronica entered her cottage around 6:00 with her friend, Beth. Beth was a gorgeous red head, and only a few years older than Jenna. She stood only 5'5", but had a well proportioned body and killer legs. Her shoulder length deep red hair and bright green eyes made her the fanatsy of many men, but she rarely allowed men the pleasure of her company. She was always looking for a new playmate, and Veronica knew that Jenna would be perfect for her. Veronica made some drinks for them, and called Jenna downstairs. 

"I cannot wait to see her," Beth said as she looked with anticipation towards the stairs.

Jenna was just finishing up getting dressed from a long bath when she heard Veronica get home and then call her downstairs. Today Veronica had her wearing a baby pink thong, with a tiny, frilly white skirt over it that barely covered her round ass. She had on a baby pink bra as well, made of see through material. "I love dressing up for my mama..." Jenna thought as she glanced one last time in the mirror.

As Jenna came downstairs, she immediately smiled at the sight of Beth. Beth stood up slightly open-mouthed and gawked at Jenna. "You didn't tell me she'd be this hot Veronica!" She said as she walked towards Jenna. She came to within a foot of Jenna, and took her hands. As she took in the sight of her from head to toe, she introduced herself. "Hey baby, my name is Beth. I hope Veronica told you I was looking for a new playmate tonight," she said as she stepped closer to her. She ran her hands up her arms to her shoulders, and then grazed her right index finger across to the center of her chest and to her stomach. "Would you like to play with me?" She asked with a smile.

Jenna looked at Beth, wearing a soft cotton skirt that went to just above her knees, and a tight white tank top with no bra. She noticed that her nipples were already hard and sticking out. She answered without hesitation. "I'd love to."

At this, Beth stepped even closer and wrapped her arms around Jenna. She gave her a few fleeting kisses on the mouth, and just as Jenna started to get more into her kisses, she drew away, grapped the corner of Jenna's tiny skirt, and pulled her towards the den.

The den was a small room with a few large windows draped with pink curtains, which gave the room a warm glow. It had a large, wide, white fluffy couch that two people could easily lay on. Veronica and Jenna had spent many lazy afternoons lightly fingering each other while watching movies on the big screen TV. At the moment, a lesbian porno was on. Jenna had left it on before she had gone upstairs to take her bath. "Oh, perfect," Beth said, as she flopped down on one end of the couch, putting her feet up. Jenna sat at the other end, so that they were facing each other. The two of them talked a little about themselves, taking in the sights of the porno and each other. After awhile, the porno started to get intense as a threesome started going at it. Soon, Beth and Jenna couldn't take their eyes off of the video.

"This is so hot..." Beth said as she propped up her knee and let the other fall down onto the couch. Her skirt had ridden up and Jenna could see that Beth wasn't wearing any underwear. Her pink shaven pussy looked swollen. Jenna mimicked Beth's position on the couch. As the video go more intense, both of them found themselves beginning to touch their swollen lips. Their eyes met, and Jenna couldn't help herself. "You look so wet and delicious..." Jenna said with glazed eyes. 

"Why don't I help you take your thong off so I can see how you look," Beth responded as she crawled towards Jenna. Jenna lifted up her hips as Beth pulled off her thong. She was soaking wet. Beth got just close enough to take a deep breathe of her sweet scent. "Mmmm...that's better, isn't it?" she said as she sat back on the couch. Both of them soon had their pussies in plain view of each other with their skirts lifted up. Jenna unhooked her bra to get easier access to her throbbing nipples as the girls in the video began fucking each other with dildos. 

"Yeah, that's it girl, fuck yourself, mmmm doesn't it feel good...." Beth said as Jenna realized that she was fingering herself with three fingers. She looked over at Beth and saw that she was doing the same. Soon her and Jenna weren't even paying attention to the video, but they were fixed on each other performing for each other. They began to match each other's rhythm and soon they found themselves coming close to orgasm. "Oooooh my I think I am going to cum soon girl..." Beth groaned, as Jenna moaned in agreement. "God, your pussy looks so good with you fucking it...your fingers are all soaking wet...ooooh I'm gonna cum so good..." Jenna replied. Within seconds they were both rocketing their fingers as fast as they could, and they came at practically the same time. 

"Oooh, that was so hot..." Beth moaned as they both flopped towards each other. They started kissing each other feverently, on their knees halfway along the couch, still carressing their pussies. "Baby let me taste you, oh your pussy looked so delicious, let me taste your pussy juices," Beth pleaded as Jenna brought her fingers up to Beth's mouth. Beth did the same and they sat there touching each others breasts as they licked and sucked at each other's fingers. "Mmmm, it's so good it's getting me turned on again..." Jenna said.

At this point Beth got an idea. She laid down on her side with her back along the back the couch, and lifted her knee up, spreading her pussy wide. Jenna knew exactly what she wanted, and laid down on her side facing Beth, but with her head right in front of her pussy. Before she moved in, however, she reached into the end table drawer and pulled out long shiny white dildos. Without having to say anything, Beth simply moaning in anticipation and grabbed one of them out of her hand. They turned them on to vibrate, and began licking each other and teasing their pussies with the dildos. Jenna glided it across Beth's lips, barely getting between them, as she licked lightly at Beth's swollen clit. Beth did the same, and soon the both of them were dripping and pressing each other's pussy into their face in want of pleasure. "Fuck me baby, fuck me hard with your dildo, I want it so bad..." Beth pleaded. She moaned loudly as Jenna slid it full length into her pussy. "Oh yes, baby...I'm gonna make you cum hard too...oooooh yes that feels so good the way you fuck and lick me..." Beth groaned. The two of them fucked and licked each other's pussy as they added their moans to the loud moans on the television from the porn. They came again at the same time, finally laying to rest, licking up their juices from each other.

After a short rest, the two of them awoke to the sun setting, giving the room a deep pinkish tint. They cuddled and pecked each other, until Beth said finally that she would have to leave for tonight.

"I had so much fun playing with you tonight, I hope I can come back soon," Beth said as she gave Jenna a few quick kisses. "I'll be thinking about you." And with that, Beth got dressed and headed out.

Jenna walked into the living room where Veronica was finishing up some paperwork from the office. "Sounds like you guys had a good time," Veronica said. "Aren't you thankful to Mama for bringing you a playmate?"

"Oh, am I ever..." Jenna replied. "I'll have to thank you really good for this," She said with a flirtish grin.

"Sounds good, baby," Veronica smiled back.