 Research

That night, after a long day spent thinking things over, Janice lay leisurely atop her large, still-made bed wearing nothing but a short, cream coloured, silk nightgown. Her knees drawn up and parted, the fingers of her right hand gently stroking her pussy, her thoughts not concerned with Courtney's unexpected departure with a sadness as she may have just days ago, but rather Janice was instead recalling how exquisite their tryst on the Yoga mats had been.

Closing her eye's she felt herself becoming damp and wet, the wonderfully, slippery sensation giving her cause to remember just how amazing the whole event had made her feel. The power she felt giving her the greatest thrill of all.

Throughout most, if not all of the relationships, boyfriends and one-nighters Janice had lived through, she had been the one tended to lead the way, show her man what she wanted and expected be it in bed or otherwise, Janice had always been 'on top' when it came down to those who were up to it, some were willing, some were not.

Now however... Now that she had bed a woman and had witnessed firsthand just how much more pliable, willing to please and so much less stubborn women could be once she had become lost in the throes of such a sexual taboo as lesbian sex. Janice knew that there was no doubt to be had. Her next suitor or 'conquest' would most definitely be another woman, maybe not someone as young as Courtney, but certainly younger than herself.

"Mmmm..." She moaned softly thinking of it, getting herself off quickly as only she knew how. So in tune with her own body, a few touches with the right pressure in the right places was all that it took and she was soon cumming.

Lying still, feeling her breath entering and leaving her lungs, feeling the endorphin rush being released in her 'mini' as she called these quickly achieved orgasms, Janice began to let her imagination run a bit wild, her thoughts always coming back to her being in control. She loved taking the lead, having the other do her bidding at her request, instilling a little fear to help get her way and at this point in her life, she couldn't imagine it any other way.

Having crossed this line and finding that she loved everything about topping a girl and with a wicked smile on her face, Janice began to wonder what else there was to this - and how far did she think she could take things? 

Would she spank the girl over her knee? Would she even be so bold as to tie her up, use her? Ride her mouth until she floods the girl's face with her squirting cum?

"Unnnggg..." Janice uttered in a growl, her fingers still held within her wet folds.

Would she make the girl worship her pussy while on her knees? Would she have her show her devotion by making her lick and kiss her pink, puckered anus?

"Aaah-Ahhh..." Janice gasped once more, cumming for the second time in as many minutes. Her second 'mini' just as powerful as the first, both giving her the liberation she so needed from the days trials, the rush leaving sweat on her brow.

Relaxed now, her breathing even and centred. On her back and still atop the sheets with her bare legs out stretched, Janice could see that there was an entirely new world out there for her to explore. Yet knowing that her knowledge of such things with another woman was limited to her one and only foray into these avenues of taboo desire, she knew that if she did want to delve farther, and in order to do so, she was going to have to do some research, and with this thought in her head, she smiled to herself thinking that she could hardly wait...

***

Having her time further occupied with the departure of Courtney, the work entailed in fulfilling the absent girl's daily tasks meant that it wasn't until late into the next evening when Janice had at last made it home, where after a light meal she could finally reside on her couch, put her feet up with a glass of wine at her side and her laptop computer open and ready for some exploration.

Wanting to be comfortable and 'in-the-mood' for whatever she may find during her internet search, Janice had changed into one of her favourite short, silk night gowns with a longer, matching robe - tonight she wore black.

Aside from how she had been able to manipulate the men in her life, it was true to her now that none of those relationships had come close to making her feel as she had once the young Courtney had fallen into her clutches. It was something cathartic, life changing; it felt like this was how she wanted to fulfill her desires, to be the one to lead, the one to dominate, her 'girl' to be her submissive.

Being rather novice at this whole dominance thing and of course the lesbian aspect, which could not be ignored, Janice - although definite in her wants, she was still lacking the know-how, the mechanics of reaching her desires, and where better to start answering all of questions along this new and most exciting search? Why the internet of course...

She pondered... "But where to begin..?"

Thinking for a few minutes, Janice threw caution to the wind and typed "Dominant Lesbian" into the search bar. 

Not half a second had elapsed after clicking the 'search' button and boom... The hits, not in the thousands but rather in the too many millions for her count.

"Wow..!" Janice said aloud, astonished with the volume of choice, her eyes taking seconds to adjust enough for her to focus on any one ad in particular throughout the reams of selection.

Once more, deciding to be casual in her approach she scrolled down a bit and picked one she thought had a clever sounding name... "April Reign"

In a flash the page opened to a dark setting of a bedroom, lots of red velvet drapes, even the canopy bed sitting in the middle of the frame. At the top the name 'April Reign' and all around, the links to pages within this home page.

After reading some of the options within this site, leading to places like 'Forums-Stories-Pictures and even one leading to a 'Toy-Store'... Janice chose to see what she could learn from reading what some other 'Dom's' (and chuckling at the name) were discussing in the open forums.

Clicking on 'Forums' - the page opened to a second sub-page with a list of all of the different forums that the site provided. Again she said aloud "Wow..!" The list was long and seemed to be random in topic headings. Seduction-BDSM-Spanking-Bondage-Humiliation-Body Worship.

Continuing to read no farther down the list Janice let her eyes move back up to the second item from the top.

"Spanking"

With a smile, she knew this was where she wanted to start.

Letting the cursor hover over the title she clicked again to open yet another page, this one entitled, "Spanking your Sub and other such forms of correction"

Wide eyed and expectant with the prospects, Janice began reading the rather long and wordy text. Starting at the beginning, she soon realized that the information was reading to those who would already find themselves in a 'Dominant-Submissive' type relationship, the text delving into the actual physical aspects, more so than in dealing with the psychological, where it was clear to see that this part of the pairing had already been long established.

This was fine with Janice because what she was more interested in was indeed the physical side of spanking someone, rather than how they had reached this point in the relationship. She knew that if and when the time came necessary she could look deeper into the psychoanalytical properties as she required. No this - this part she was reading was perfect for what she wanted to know...

Skipping ahead in the article, she soon found a list with descriptions of how to pose someone, how to position the submissive prior to being spanked, the first being the age-old and renowned to the world 'over the knee spanking' which then lead into other means, some of which were most definitely appealing to Janice.

One such position that had caught her attention of how by placing the Sub over just one knee, while using the free leg to capture and holding down to stop the Sub' from being able to kick and put up a fuss while subjected to their punishment.

"Punishment..." She repeated the word aloud, loving its meaning and its implications, saying it to herself had the muscles in her pelvic floor tensing in flex at hearing the word; her arousal in the connection was not mistaken.

She liked the idea of using just one knee because of her love and need for control. When she imagined taking some hapless young waif over her knee to deliver the girl her spanking punishment, for whatever the reason, she wanted absolute control, not a pair of legs flailing about trying in vain to escape her dues.

There were many other variations of the theme, another she found quite interesting and would have probably never dreamt up on her own was where in one position, the Sub was backed up to a couch or chair on their hands and knees in front of their seated Dom. The Sub would then lift one leg at a time and wrap her lower half around her Dom while keeping her hands on the floor, supporting herself whilst her bottom is presented, or 'served up' into her Dom's lap, leaving her ready and quite available to whatever punishment her Dom sees fit.

Having read about these two variations, Janice merely skimmed through some of the others described but in seeing how they were all really just different variations of the original over the knee spanking, she decided to back out of the page and see where else she could venture. Maybe read a story or two or have a peek at some of the on-line conversations that were taking place inside one of the chat rooms. 

Either way, after downing the last of her wine, she decided that before she continued, before she hazard to go any farther - refilling her glass was the first thing on order.

While doing so, her mind began to think about the intro she had skimmed through; she pictured herself in a long term relationship with her being the Dominant figure of course. She imagined what it would be like, how they would operate together. Would it be a full-time 'Mistress-Slave' relationship, or would it be more like a marriage save for the fact that one is the Dominant partner and the other the submissive..?

"Humph..!" She thought out loud... "Maybe I should look into this a little more..." 

But again, in wanting to put this aside for the time being, knowing that she would cross that bridge when she reached it while travelling along this long road, Janice refilled her glass, put the bottle back in the fridge and then made her way back to her computer to look for some more of these delicious punishments she might be party to in the near future.

Settling back into her spot, Janice chose to back out of the "Spanking" page and look elsewhere, to see what other things might arouse her interests.

"Humiliation" she read with a questioning curiosity and saying to herself. "Wonder what this is about..?" while casually sipping her wine. 

***

"Humiliation is best defined as being the feeling or condition of being lessened in dignity or pride." 

Reading this first line, this dictionary-looking description, Janice still felt that certain twinge between her legs, she continued to read.

"Being made to feel less than the other through the use of humiliating tactics is a key and essential part in the training of any novice submissive, as well as being the mainstay in any Dom-Sub long term relationship."

"Humiliation is often the catalyst or the driving force in keeping the D/S lifestyle alive and throughout time, many varying methods have been developed with some being more in-depth or severe than others."

It went on... 

"With some methods boarding on torturous and delivered through means such as whipping, caning and the physical beating of the Sub in an S&M setting. There are however just as many less rigorous means of achieving the same result of debasing or humiliating the lesser person. Listed below are but a few, each with a provided description detailing the 'cause and effect' brought about through the use of each..."

Sipping her wine, perhaps a little too fast in her excitement, Janice read on...

"Being critical... When speaking to the sub, the Dom will often if not always speak down - either to or about the Sub when in their presence. Employing this tactic through the making of small remarks regarding things such as tasks not completed to satisfaction as directed - or even something as simple as pointing out any unbecoming flaws in how they are dressed will make the Sub want to try harder and want to do more of these little things that will please their Dom." 

"Being relentless in this effort will cause the Sub to be forever left guessing as to whether or not they are living up to their promise or expectation."

"The greater effect in this method of humiliating the sub is that they are kept in the state of being aware of just who, and what they are in the relationship. Being critical in small measures such as these can add up to big results when cementing the bonds between the desired positions each person holds within the D/S relationship."

Rapt, Janice read on... 

"However, in this regard there is a need to be watchful and aware of just how critical the Dom is being. Meaning that if the Dom is too persistent, or becoming too much of a 'nag' the Sub may at some point rebel against the Dom after forming the belief that they can never please to their level of expectancy. The end results may vary but over-badgering could possibly give the Sub enough grounds to end the relationship - if they are able..."

"Oh this stuff is gold..!" Janice said aloud then continued, wide eyed like she was reading a good mystery novel...

"Names..." When in a D/S relationship it is always best to prohibit the Sub from addressing the Dom by their first name unless it is being used with a superior attachment, such as 'Mistress Lisa' or 'Madam Karen'. Letting a Sub use a first name puts the pair on an even plane, yet with adding an authoritative title such as 'Sir or Master' in the masculine - while in the feminine 'Mistress or Madam' with alternatives such as 'Ma'am or Miss' being permitted, the addition of a title creates an unmistakeable division, furthering the Sub along in knowing their position as the lesser in the relationship

However the same came not be used in the likewise, meaning that although the Sub is limited to only using the name that the Dom has chosen as their preferred address, the Dom however, is not limited in the use of any address he or she may wish to bestow, and this among any other names (derogatory or otherwise), is to include any given names the Sub is usually known by.

Depending on the circumstance, for instance in the case of a female Dom living in the lifestyle with her submissive male, she may choose to debase him with such names as 'Wimp or Sissy'. Or even by simply implying a feminine variance of their given first name, such as changing 'Steven to Stevie' or 'Carl to Carly' the choices are wide and varied. 

Leaning from these lighter examples into darker and usually much more affective names - that are compiled of the more extreme feminine terms such as 'Bitch or Cunt' and then digging even deeper, into the homoerotic with the use of such degrading and taboo names as 'Faggot or Cocksucker' the result of each will place the Sub at whatever level of shame and humiliation the situation warrants within this chosen lifestyle.

But please remember... As enjoyable as the assignment of names may be to the Dominant in using such terms of disgrace and humiliation, it must be remembered that the use of such names should only be used within the confines of the pairing and the lifestyle they seek to pursue. The use of such names in mixed company or in the general public should be watched and monitored. To call your Sub 'faggot' or 'little-dick' while at his company picnic would most definitely cause problems, and as much can be said about family gatherings or where minors may be concerned..." 

***

"Wow... Janice uttered in hushed surprise at the unlikely and most uncanny coincidence that she had just read in the article. Since reaching a certain age, reaching a certain level of maturity Janice had hated when the people she employed addressed her casual by using her first name, and especially so with those younger than she. 

Having been raised with a proper respect for her elders and being at the age she was now, Janice felt that she had worked far too long and far too hard for any of her young employees, these young up-starts from a different, less respectful era, to be addressing her in such common terms and had demanded that all of the people she employs address her as 'Ms. Golding or Ma'am.

***

"Body worship..." First and foremost in any relationship be it straight, gay, lesbian, of the D/S lifestyle or otherwise -the initial attraction should be undeniable from either perspective. However in the case of the D/S relationship, this attraction may vary in degrees or direction. That is to say that from the beginning, in the D/S perspective, the establishment of having the Sub performing acts of body worship is paramount in creating a definite line in knowing who holds the stronger attraction. The Sub must know without doubt that their Dom is the better of the two, and through body worship the Sub is able to convey their acknowledgment and acceptance that they are in every sense, the lesser person in the relationship.

In its essence, body worship means exactly what the words imply - the worship of one's body and in the D/S - this is to include any and all parts of the body with no places or areas that are to be left unattended by the worshiping Sub. From head to toe and all parts in between, the Sub must be willing and insistent upon pleasing their Dom without hesitation. With oral worship being the norm in the frame of body worship, the licking and kissing with the lips and tongue has always proved to be the most effective means of this conveyance.

As with all aspects of human sexuality, including the D/S lifestyle, the choices are many and varied and limited only by the imagination of those involved - and with body worship being such an intimate and fundamental facet within this chosen realm of sexuality, it is important to include some descriptions of such here in this article. 

For time in memoriam, oral sex has always been viewed as the ultimate act of contrition while behind closed doors. The act of 'going-down' on someone depicts the lowering of one's self to the ultimate point of submission. However In a balanced relationship the submission implied during the act is usually limited to that moment or to the act, and is usually seen as a mutual concern where the giving is reciprocal. Yet whereas in a D/S relationship, the same is not true -and is mostly, if not always a one sided affair.

In the D/S realm it is important to install a rule of order to established that where the Sub is allowed or 'permitted' to worship the Dom through prolonged oral servitude and the Sub shall not expect, or make any demand they receive the same in return. Meaning, the Sub will not be found on the receiving end of any oral gratitude.

In other names used to describe the D/S way of life, being on top, or 'topping' by the Dom, with the Sub naturally being underneath as the 'bottom' and in the regard of these names they are also to be employed as they are described. That is to say that when 'topping', the Dom should physically be on top and to this, this rule is to be adhered to when oral gratitude is being enforced, more so than at any other time.

So, this is to say that when the Sub finds themselves being put into the position of providing oral-worship or servitude, it is important for the Dom to assert the act form above - while on top. Again, the variations have no bounds, yet an important aspect during such times is the use of verbal address throughout the completion of the act. Talking to the Sub in either encouragement or debasement while they are in service will provide re-enforcement of the Sub's position as being the lesser.
