 Learning

Stepping out of the taxi and into the night air, Jenna couldn't help but feel alone, despondent and miserable at being away from her "Momma" as she was calling the woman now, even in her head. She like the name better than calling her Ma'am but she also knew better than to push her luck and would have to be careful not to call her 'Momma' at some inappropriate time, say while in front of a client in the gym.

Where the whole thing came from she wasn't sure. She herself had never had any Mommy or Daddy issues growing up so maybe it was something Janice had going on. No matter, she knew that she liked pleasing this woman and if calling her Momma did it for her - then so be it. And besides, Jenna found it naughty if not somewhat inappropriate in a very deviant, sexy sort of way...

***

Opening the door to her tiny apartment and stepping in, Jenna was now at a loss with what to do with herself - but then a thought of some respite occurred to her. Smiling to herself she thought that although she couldn't be with her Momma right now... There was however nothing stopping her from being 'how' her Momma would want her – right now - which of course was to be unclothed – naked... Naked as the day she was born.

Closing the door behind her and taking the few steps into her living room, she began to strip off her clothing, the idea of being naked had somehow become much more appealing to her, it made her feel good and in some way closer to her absent Momma who she was sadly separated from by the town, forced by her Momma to spent the dark night miles and miles apart.

Steeping out of her last, her little teal-green panties, Jenna stood for a moment running her hands over her skin, loving how being naked made her feel so vulnerable and yet so free. With her eyes closed and touching her newly shorn – smooth and silky bare mons, she let herself drift back to earlier in the evening where her Momma had shaved her pussy and then even her ass while basking in the hot bubbling Jacuzzi bath... And also thinking of how when finished, the older woman, her Momma had played with her burning, itching pussy, working her up to a near violent three-fingered-fucking the result ending in a mind shattering orgasm that was unlike anything she had ever experienced in her young adult life.

Starting back up at her tit's she let her hands roam and touch her warm, flushed skin, her nipples already hard and growing harder still, pulling and feeling tight as her palms moved over each stiff-nip, a shiver resounding throughout her naked body, the tingling sensation racing back down to her clit. 

Moving lower, smoothing her hands down and across the slight rise of her soft belly, and down farther until once again her breath caught upon reaching and touching her bare, hairless pussy. The wonderful, velvety -clean feeling was like nothing else she could describe and once more her body shook with clit-tingling delight sending goose bumps running all over her body.

Hot and horny once again, Jenna quickly made her way over to her bed, flopping herself down and drawing her knees up high, letting her legs fall wide-wide apart allowing her to touch and feel her hairless pussy mound and lips while thinking of the evening, picturing her naked Momma and doing all of those wonderfully, girly-sex things together with her. 

Being kissed hard and held tight, feeling the heat of her Momma's skin against her own, the memory alone was enough to have her eyes fluttering shut leaving her feeling fevered and hot, and it wasn't long before she had three of her own, yet much smaller fingers digging deep within her pussy-hole, her wet sex, fucking herself while remembering her Momma doing the same. 

Remembering how stretched and full her Momma had made her feel while manipulating her three longer and much thicker fingers into Jenna's tight, young pussy. The pain and pleasure all mixed into one had her in a sexual frenzy, cumming so hard that she was squirting her girl-cream all over the woman's hand.

***

Wanting this again, wanting to feel her pussy-hole being stretched beyond the limits, beyond what she thought she could stand, Jenna curled a forth fingers into a group and while grinding her teeth, she forced all of her smaller fingers into her opening. Grunting and forcing her hand in up to the second knuckle of each finger, digging in and fucking herself in short, powerful stokes she let this deviant pleasure take hold of her and in no time at all, she felt herself nearing her orgasmic edge once again.

With her eyes shut tight, she let the images of the evening flash before her, each picture going off in her mind like a flashbulb forever etching the memory into her brain, never letting her forget how the woman had taken her, possessed her - had her willing and wanting to do anything she was asked.

"Unnnggg..." she cried as the picture of her licking, kissing and making love to the woman's asshole with her tongue now danced in her head, loving how dirty and naughty an act it was and also loving how it had made her Momma feel, how she reacted and told her she was being a good little girl, doing it right and pleasing the older woman. "Make love to my ass Jenna..." the words echoing in her brain and making her squirm.

Pulling her fingers out of her sloppy –wide hole with a 'slosh' of her wetness trailing up her fingers, Jenna quickly flipped herself over and assumed what her Momma had called her 'present-rear' position. With her tits and upper chest crushed into her mattress, up on her knees with her legs drawn wide apart, the effect presenting her pussy and ass way up high and very available, she reached back with her left hand to pull the cheek back exposing as much of her tiny-winking-star as she could - and with her right, she let her pussy-soaked fingers glide and roam around her tight little pucker, the incredible sensation unknown to her until now.

***

"Mmmmph..." she moaned into the bed sheet while moving two of her pussy-wet digits all around her virgin-rear-passage. Gasping again at realizing just how arousing and erogenous this spot on her body could be - and until meeting Janice, Ma'am – or Momma now, touching herself or anyone else back there was something so new to her that she was still trying to comprehend why and how playing with her asshole felt so wondrous dirty and yet so – so fucking good. 

Remembering how the woman had practically cum when Jenna used her tongue to swirl, tease and fuck her Momma's pink-rimmed, hairless asshole, Jenna let her idle finger hover over her own little star and began to rub in circles, moving closer and closer to breaking the threshold of her back passage, and then with an "Ah-Ah..." she felt her finger entering her outer rim.

"Mmmm... Oooh..." she sighed pressing farther until she felt a slight sting of her finger coming to a halt, the pain and sudden discomfort telling her she was too dry to proceed, even with her fingering being coated in her own wetness, it still wasn't enough to go any deeper without stopping and using something to lube herself up. However undaunted and feeling too turned on and nearing the brink, Jenna stayed where she was, resigning to simply wiggle her finger around in her back-entry and loving the sensations brought on all the same.

Picturing herself, kneeling with her tongue buried deep inside the woman's backside, Jenna brought her free hand down under herself and into her pussy where together she fingered her rear-hole and rubbed her aching clit in a rapid back and forth, only taking a minute to push herself right up to the edge before moaning aloud "Unnnggg..." and cumming for the second time that evening.

Exhausted, panting, now covered in a fine sweat, Jenna fell back down to her bed in a tired, satisfied heap. The day had been long and full of exciting twists and turns and new discoveries for the girl and as with the last time she had found herself at home and alone after spending time in the company of this woman, her "Momma" at the end of it all how she had struggled to stay awake as Jenna lost her last battle of the day this time, as she had in the last.

***

Waking groggily some hours later and wondering where she was, Jenna soon came back to her senses to realize she was safe at home in her own bed and with this; she let herself drop back down with a sleepy, tired sigh. Still naked and lying atop her bed covers, Jenna rolled herself over, sighed again while looking absently up to the ceiling as once more her vision filled with the day prior - wondering at first that it all might have been just a dream.

Rising and heading for her bathroom, Jenna sat down and peed with a groan of relief, not realizing how full her bladder had been. "Uhh..." she sighed feeling the release and hearing her pee splashing into the water below. Stretching as she sat and idly letting her right hand drift between her leg where upon touching her bare mons, it sent her head lolling back with a shiver of sleepy delight, bringing a smile to her face in knowing now that it hadn't been a dream at all, everything, all of it had most certainly been real.

With the whole, sorted and sexy event still fresh in her mind, she pictured everything that had transpired while in her Momma's company, in her control, in clutches, Jenna's only regret right now was that she wasn't there; she wasn't there in her dominant lover's arms being looked after and taught so many new things. 

However, resigning herself to only having her sweet memories for the time being, she finished with a wipe rose and turned on the shower, which if anything she was going to use to wake herself up a bit before deciding what to do with this bright and sunny Saturday ahead of her.

***

In not wanting to imagine too much form this exciting, awakening experience, Jenna stepped out the shower and after having splashed around for only a minute or two, waking herself up, and feel refreshed, Jenna soon stepped back out and dried herself off with a towel. However in doing so, she again chose not to dress right away, opting to stay naked for the time being. "Heck..." she thought. "I'm not going anywhere..." 

Being naked like this was certainly something neither Curtis nor her parents would approve of - but now though, things were different and this was one of the things she was learning. Without question, she knew now that she loved being naked and so then, drawing her curtains, Jenna relaxed and enjoyed her morning spent nude, sipping coffee and thinking of her lover, her mature, dominant lesbian lover - her Momma...

***

Later in the day and beginning to feel restless, Jenna for whatever reason began organizing and tidying up her apartment, packing away some things she knew she wouldn't need. Subliminally she was preparing herself for moving, yet of course this was all just wishful thinking on her part, remembering what her Momma had playfully said about Jenna moving in and becoming her 'love slave' and then more or less dismissing the idea leaving Jenna feeling somewhat disappointed, but still, the seed had been planted in Jenna's wanting mind.

With all of this in her head, she began to feel a little lost in it all for a moment or two; there was so much at play. After Curtis, Jenna was broken but still eager to point herself in a new direction, once that direction had been pointed out to her. However, as unlikely as this new direction, this new path had taken her in - into the arms of an older, dominant woman, as it had surprisingly turned out. Jenna found calm in knowing that Janice, now suddenly and wonderfully her 'Momma' was indeed that new direction.

She was all Jenna could think about, and as the day did wear on she found herself feeling anxious in her angst of missing the woman and wishing she could be with her, back in her Momma's loft, naked with her tongue slathering spit and spittle all over and around the woman's tight, pink anal ring. It gave her shivers and kept her wet.

***

Soon enough Saturday's growing loneliness passed on into Sunday and with it came the added feeling of an ominous cloud passing over head - and it had nothing to do with her Momma or any of what had transpired since their first meeting. No – this black cloud was there because tomorrow was Monday – the day she would, as directed –go into her place of work and quit her job - and being as non-confrontational as Jenna was, the prospect had her nervous and feeling edgy all day long.

"If only I could reach her..." Jenna thought to herself wishing and wondering why she and her Momma hadn't as yet exchanged phone numbers or any other contact details. Two days had come and gone without so much as a text or word from the woman and with the thoughts of the coming morning running around in her head, she could feel her confidence slipping, making her to start second guessing everything. What she needed now was some reassurance, what she wanted was her Momma.

***

Worried, Jenna pondered the worst outcome of quitting her job only to find out Janice wasn't serious about hiring her and how when this happened, she would be left to fend for herself without work. Surly she would end up on the streets alone, pathetic and desperate with nowhere to go.

Needless to say, Jenna didn't sleep too well that night. Even after trying to distract herself while laying naked in her bed, as was to be her new normal. Trying to relax, she played with herself, touched her hairless pussy while again recalling her time spent with her Momma. 

She was however finding herself surprised that what made her cum so wonderfully fast this time, it happened while picturing her earlier ventures across the older woman's knee - being spanked into a mess of crying tears, her ass on fire in an exquisite pain. The utter arousal of this was breath taking yet the 'why' this was turning her on so much - that was still something she wasn't quite sure she understood.

Later still, she found no relief from her thoughts and worries of the future. She knew what it was that she wanted, yet with Jenna and with all Subs - second guessing themselves comes hand in hand, concern is a part of their being, it's who they are at their core – they are people who care too deeply, people who worry for little reason.

Tossing and turning for what felt like an eternity of darkness and terrible images, Jenna finally drifted off out of exhaustion at some wee hour, and not waking until some hours later to the shrill, annoying buzz of her alarm clock sounding off, breaking the silence and rousting the girl from her restless night.

Feeling like it would be better if she didn't delay, Jenna pushed the cobwebs from her mind, grabbed a quick shower and dressed casual thinking to herself "Why bother dressing up, you're quitting anyway..." Yet even with this somewhat cavalier attitude, she still worried all the way down town, with a pit in her stomach she had to swallow her fears time and again, convincing herself that everything would work out. 

Telling herself over and again that she needed to do this, and besides, the choice was no longer hers, because if she didn't quit – she wouldn't be able to be with her new lover – her Momma, her wonderful, beautiful, dominant Momma. The thought gave her a chill... "Momma" she murmured to herself – it brought her calm.

Surprisingly and most unbelievable to Jenna, not less than an hour later, and with a box of her personal belongings in her hands, she was out the door and on the street, feeling free and incredibly liberated. Light as air she more or less bounced along down the side walk, thinking of how easy it had been to walk into her superior's office inform the woman that as of now she would be leaving to '"Seek other opportunities" as she had said and with shaking hands, yet still with her resolve intact, she then gathered her keepsakes and left. It was that easy - and she felt incredible, she felt absolutely free.

***

"Ah good... You're here... Janice said looking up as Jenna stepped through the door. 

Seeing her new employer, her 'lover' if she dared say the word, seeing her - standing there behind the counter holding the phone to her ear in one hand while doing something on the computer, all while looking rather busy, it left Jenna reeling with that ominous, empty feeling of being unsure as to what she should do. 

Then while covering the receiver Janice mouthed-whispered "In my office..." to the girl, who after pausing for a moment felt a slight sense of relief in her understanding, snapping out of her momentary daze she quickly made her way around the desk and in through the open office door where once again she felt the wave of excited, unsettled nerves hitting her. 

Still unsure, she sat alone in the chair opposite the older woman's large desk - alone and waiting, which she found was always the hardest part of anything.

Although Jenna did feel good about quitting her job, she was however a little disappointed with the less than enthusiastic greeting she had just received, but then again she thought, even though she may be feeling needy, she may have just arrived at the wrong moment and she shouldn't feel too bad about it. After all, it wasn't like the woman had outright snubbed her. Jenna wasn't sure what it was, maybe she was just expecting something else.

Then some minutes later, over her shoulder, Jenna heard the woman entering the office from behind her and as a reaction, Jenna found herself rising to her feet to a standing as Janice closed the office door then making way around to sit at her large oak desk, while Jenna remained standing feeling slightly more relaxed, but not much.

"Thank you for standing Jenna that was very considerate of you, you may sit now and tell me – tell me how it went... Did you do as you were asked? Did you quit your job..?" Janice asked without as much as a hello or greeting, sounding more business-like than friend or lover.

Jenna feeling confused but still not wanting to rock the boat told her that yes, yes she had quit, adding that it went surprisingly well, but still unsure, she felt she should ask... "Ma'am? I-I still have a job here- here with you right..?"

"What? Of course you do silly girl, now come sit, let's get busy we've a lot of ground to cover in a short amount of time, I want you up and running on your own by week's end, understand..?"

"Y-Yes ma'am... "Jenna replied, stuttering quietly, feeling a bit stupid for asking but all the same she was also feeling relieved at least knowing that if anything else she did indeed have a job. She stayed quiet and listened...

***

With no other mention of the past, present or future, Janice began explaining the basics, going over some of the more important aspects of the daily operations in the clerical or otherwise. She knew it would take the girl some time to get into the swing of things and she was willing to be patient, but still – she thought she should some put Jenna under a bit of pressure and see how she performs.

"Okay Jenna, we'll go over more of your particulars later, like your hours and pay, stuff like that – but right now I need you up front at reception. I know you have a degree and you're a smart girl but you working for me now and you'll find it best if you do things my way. I'm sure you understand how things are going to work around here, so let's go..."

Smiling Janice stood from her desk with hand gesture indicating that Jenna should do the same and together over the next two hours or so, Janice had the girl at and involved with just about every task in the daily running of the gym. From how to turn everything on in the morning, how the computer system works and even where the mop and bucket are kept, Janice tried to cover everything she could think of before stopping for a quick take-away salad where she explained the girl's daily hours, informing her that she was expected to work some evenings and weekends and fill in at any of the other locations if the need arises. 
