  This is the first story I've written. I really don't believe writing is my forte, however some of my friends like it so I decided to try and post something to see other people's reactions. Constructive criticism is welcome. Please don't just say "this sucks." I like to use conversations to build up characters, so there will be a good bit of talking. If you are looking for just sex, this is not for you. There will probably not be any sex at all in this part of the story. Enjoy! :) 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

"You just don't understand," her boyfriend screamed for the fifth time. "I didn't want to go, but you know the guys. They just don't take no for an answer."

"I don't care that you went Jason. I really don't. I care that while there you managed to stick your hand into three different thongs for crying out loud. Have some sort of decency," she retorted. As she said this her blonde hair flipped over her right shoulder on top of her pink blouse. She had been running her hands through her hair in frustration and finally gave up putting them in her shorts pockets. It was cute actually. I had been listening to them argue for last ten minutes and I had learned that she is a visual person. Her hands were flying everywhere as she yelled at him until she resorted to running them through her hair, and then put them in her pockets.

"Jennifer, I'm sorry it happened. It won't ever happen again. It's just college stuff. Everyone does stupid things during college. So please, forgive me so we can move on," he said aggravated. 

Big mistake buddy.

"Excuse me miss," she called. I looked up, stopping in mid-sip of my morning coffee, to see that she was looking directly at me. Shit, I thought, I don't want to be a part of this. I just want to admire her from afar and think my inappropriate thoughts and move on. I tried flipping my brown hair down over my eyes to act like I wasn't paying as close attention as I was. 

"Miss," she called again, "I need your opinion on something."

"Okay, on what," I asked lamely, looking directly into her warm, blue eyes. 

"If you call your girlfriend and tell her you'll see her in about two hours and neglect to show up, shouldn't she be a little angry? Add on to that, that the reason you didn't show up was because you were at a strip club with some friends. I think she should be entitled to be angry, don't you?" She looked at me expectedly and I shuffled in my seat. I get nervous when people stare at me, so I proceeded to play with ruffles at the bottom of my blue sundress under the table.

"Well, yeah." Way to go, genius. Well, yeah. That's all you have to say. I started mentally kicking myself so I almost missed what she said.

"Thank you! So this, Jason, is why we are over," she stated, looking at him again. "You did everything but put your dick inside them, so now I'll let you be free to go do that."

"You know what, whatever. I'm glad we're through. I dated you for two years for you to only put out four times. Fuck that." He stormed away like the child he was. I couldn't help but smirk.

She stood near me still, confident in how things had turned out. Or so I thought. All of the sudden the fierce look she had in her eyes faded and her eyes welled up with tears. She sat down at the table next to mine and proceeded to cry. At first, I was at a loss of what to do. I just met her. Should I go comfort her? Should I just walk away and leave her alone? The coward in me won over my nice side, so I packed my things and started to walk away.

"Thanks for helping me," she mumbled through the tears.

I guess I'm staying then.

I took a seat next to her and handed her some napkins from the dispenser in the middle of the table. "He's a jerk. Just ignore what he says. He doesn't deserve you."

"Oh yeah? How do you know? You just met me."

"Well, in my opinion, cheaters don't really deserve anyone. Just a page out of my common sense book." Oh God. Did I just tell her she had no common sense? Fuck, fuck, fuck. I'm so stupid.

"I'm Jennifer," she said, extending her hand.

"Alexandria, but everyone calls me Alex," I responded, returning her handshake. 

"So," she asked, "how much of that fight did hear? You can be honest. I know we were kind of loud."

"Honestly? I heard all of it. But, it's no big deal. You had a right to be loud, and angry."

She sighed and put her head down. "I'm not like that. I hate when people show themselves in public. It annoys the mush out of me! He followed me all the way from my apartment, fifteen minutes away from here, trying to understand why I was mad at him! When I told him he thought he did nothing wrong! Can you believe that" she asked, incredulously. 

"Well, you're through with him now so don't worry about it. Would you like a coffee or something?"

"Yeah, I came here for a coffee before class; I'll get it though," she said standing.

"No, my treat, please. This is the start of your day turning around to be great. Free coffee. So what do you want?"

"Surprise me, I haven't really thought about it." She took her seat once more and I headed inside.

I couldn't help but watch her as I was in line waiting. She looked thoroughly exhausted, like she hadn't slept in days. But even in this exhausted state she still looked incredible. Her hair, although played with ruthlessly early, was as straight as can be and lying perfectly over both shoulders. She wasn't wearing makeup, which was a huge turn on for me. I hate it when girls wear makeup. I like natural beauty. In my opinion, when a woman wears makeup it's like she's slapping herself in the face. She's saying she's not pretty enough. But this girl is extraordinarily beautiful. And those eyes, those killer blue eyes. I'm a sucker for blue eyes and, of course, she had to have them. 

"I got you black coffee, but I brought sugar and creamer just in case," I said, sitting down across from her at the table.

"Black coffee is just fine. It's what I usually drink," she smiled at me.

"So," I started, "you mentioned class. Do you go to Bradenton?" Bradenton is the top university in the state, and this coffee shop is about a ten minute walk from campus. 

"I do actually! I'm in my third year of getting my nursing degree. What about you? Do you go there as well" she asked, taking another sip of her coffee.

"Yeah, I'm studying early childhood education. I love kids."

"I do too, but I don't know if I'd be able to teach, you know? There are just some things on this earth people shouldn't attempt to do. Me teaching is one of them," she laughed.

"I didn't think I would either, but I think I could get used to the idea of hopefully improving the lives of some kids."

"Well, when you talk about it like that I guess it won't be so bad. So what year are you?"

"I'm actually a senior. So now I actually get a class of my own occasionally to teach. It's fun because my kids are so great. They actually listen."

She laughed when I said this. I love her laugh. This isn't fair. I've never had someone affect me so much. What is wrong with me?

"That's great. I just get to sit in class and learn. And when I'm not in class I'm in my apartment studying. The awesome life of a nursing major."

"It'll get better when you get to work in the hospital."

We chatted for a little while longer until we both realized we would be late for our classes. 

"Hey, look, I know we just met and everything but you're really cool and nice to buy me coffee. We should get together for dinner or something, my treat. Want to exchange numbers?"

Hell yes I practically screamed inside my head. Here was this beautiful girl wanting to give me her number, of course I was going to take it. I handed her my phone and she put it in under: Jennifer:)! 

"So you won't forget who I am," she said winking at me. She then proceeded to text herself from my phone obtaining my number. "I'll text you later this week, okay?"

"Alright," I stated. "Have fun in class."

"You too! See you later!"

With that she went off in one direction, and I in the other. I made a new smokin' hot friend and got her number all in one morning! Oh yeah, I haven't lost my touch. My only downfall is I know she's straight. Well, I guess I can just be her friend. That shouldn't be so hard, I mean, I just met her. But, that didn't mean I couldn't have a little bit of fun with her.

The rest of the day was pretty much uneventful. I taught my students and graded some of their math quizzes before coming home around 6 o'clock. I couldn't get her off my mind though. I wanted to see her again soon, but I didn't want to seem too eager. We had just met after all. I need not have any fears though. As soon as I walked through the door my phone went off. The message read:

Would you like to get together for dinner this Friday?

I quickly responded saying yes I would love to and where did she have in mind. Once I was sure the message was sent I hooked my phone up to the charger. I walked to the bathroom and started the shower, purposely forgetting to grab my clothes on the way there so I could have a reason to go back to check my phone. Pathetic, I know. When I went back she had responded saying this little Italian restaurant that I knew very well seeing as how is was very close to my apartment. I told her that would be wonderful and I couldn't wait.

Stripping off my clothes I couldn't help but wish she was there. I imagined her taking off my dress for me, gasping when she realized I had been braless all day. I imagined lightly kissing her on the lips before taking her into my arms and deepening the kiss. The realization that it was getting very hot broke me out of my reverie so I finally hopped in the shower.

This didn't help much.

As I lathered up my loofa and began to run it over my body I stopped to tweak my hardening nipples. They had been that way ever since I laid eyes on her. Dropping the loofa I moved one hand down to pussy and played with my clit as the other still moved on my left nipple.

"Oh, god. Jennifer."

My hand moved on my clit faster the more I thought about her. The more I thought about her the more I wanted her to be in here with me. Wanted her to be the one touching me. I took the shower head down and pointed it directly at my clit nearly slipping from the pleasure. 

"Oh my god. Ohhhhh. Fuck. So good."

I slid down to the tub and laid against the back wall as I slipped two fingers inside my pussy. I moved them at a rapid speed and started making these short whimpering noises. The feeling was just too good, and imagining that she was making me feel these things made it even better. Just when I thought it couldn't get any better my orgasm finally hit. It was so powerful and intense that I couldn't move for nearly 10 minutes. 

"Fuck me." What was I going to do?

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The next morning I awoke feeling amazing. I got up and walked over to my window throwing open the blinds to see the beautiful sun coming in. It was just 6 o'clock and I still had two hours before I had to be at the school, so I decided to go for my run real quick before I went. As I was running down the road I turned on my music and Coldplay started playing. They're my favorite group for me to listen to when I start my days. Jennifer also likes them, with Paradise being her favorite song, which is also mine. We like the same food, Japanese. The same hobbies, listening to music, cleaning, and running.

I started to worry about being gay and how she would react. It's not that I think she'll run away screaming from me, I just think she might freak out and potentially distance herself from me, but I don't know if I got that vibe from her. She's had such an impact on me so fast. Just then as I'm running my phone starts ring so I slow my pace to stop and answer it.

"Hello," I say, slightly breathless.

"Oh good, you stopped. Wait up," comes the response. I pull the phone away from my ear to see that it's Jennifer.

"Jennifer? What are you talking about?" I ask perplexed.

"I'm behind you." Click.

I turn around to see her wearing a white sports bra and short black shorts. She is jogging over rolling her headphones around her phone. When she reaches me she bends over and starts stretching out her back some.

"Hey!" she says excitedly.

"Hey, you run too?"

"Yeah, I run the route every morning. How about you" she asks standing up and twisting from side to side.

"Same here. How come I've never seen you?"

"I don't know. Isn't that weird? We've probably passed each other every morning and just never thought about it." Now she proceeded to stretch out her quads by stretching her legs behind her back and pulling. 

"Yeah, that's pretty weird. Did you just start or something? You're stretching a lot."

"Oh, no," she laughs, "I just like to stretch again when I'm almost done, ya know? To make sure I don't cramp up later on. You don't?" she asks, switching to her other legs now.

"No. I just stretch beforehand. I never really thought about stretching during it."

"Well you should. Come on, bend over and touch your toes." As I do this she comes up behind me and starts to apply pressure to my lower back. "Now I'm going to push a little harder to deepen the stretch, okay? Let me know if it starts to get painful."

She places her hands and both sides of my lower back and proceeds to push a little harder forcing me to go down further into the stretch. I hear my back pop but she continues to push. It feels amazing and I don't want her to stop. She moves her hands up to my shoulders and then presses herself against my backside. When she does this she starts to lay herself on my lower back. I feel her abdomen against me and I can tell that she is in wonderful shape. All too quickly, however, she pulls herself off and stands me upright.

"How did that feel?" she asks as she starts to massage my shoulders.

"Amazing" I answer and I lull my head back and forth. "This feels pretty amazing too."

"Yeah well don't get used to it" she laughs. "I only do this occasionally to people." She backs off and I turn around to look at her.

"Well, I hope I'm one of those people that gets it occasionally."

"You may be. Come on let's finish. I have class in three hours that I need to get ready for."

"Oh shit, what time is it?" I ask looking at my phone. 6:45. "I wish I could finish with you but I have to turn around and head back. I have to be at the school at 8 so I have to book it back to apartment now just so I won't be late. I didn't realize I had gone this far."

Did I see that right? Did her face fall? Am I just imagining things? 

"Okay, well we should get together and do something. Maybe lunch? What's your class schedule like," she asked, hopefully.

"I have class starting at 8, then lunch around 11, then back to class until 2:30. What about you?"

"I just have class at 11. Well, are you going to leave the school right at 2:30, or do you stay and do work?"

"Sometimes I stay and do work, other times I just leave. How about this, I'll skip lunch and just have lunch with you at 3," I stated. I wanted to see her again. I could hold off on lunch and get some work done instead.

"If you're sure you want to wait, then 3 it is. How about at the café from yesterday?"

"Sure thing! I'll see you then!" 

With that I trotted off back to my apartment at double the pace. I can't believe I jogged for so long and then talked to her for that long. I haven't missed a class this year and I didn't want to start now. I used to be ahead in all of my work from taking classes over summer to the point where I was going to graduate early. One semester, though, I met a girl that I was so dedicated to. I missed most of my classes the allotted number of times you can miss and then some, so I was dropped. That put me back on track to graduate on time, but I swore to myself never again. That was a ton of money I wasted that I most certainly didn't have. 

When I got my apartment I hopped in the shower and washed as quickly as humanly possible. Since this is a school job I had to go purchase reasonable clothes, so I threw on a black skirt that came down just below my knees with a white top. I didn't feel like doing anything fancy with my hair so it went up into a ponytail.

Somehow I managed to make it to school on time and started my lesson on multiplication, much to the student's dismay. I tried to make it fun by doing it like the game "Around the World." I started on one side of the class and called out the two numbers to multiply together and two students had to give me the answer. Whoever got it right first moved on to the next desk. If the person that moved on gets the next one wrong, he/she takes the seat of the person they lost. It continued like that until I ran out of cards. I gave them a quiz on multiplication and then it was time to move onto reading. They did silent reading for this lesson so I could prepare the lesson for English.

After English it was time for lunch, so I sent my class and asked one of the others teachers to watch them so I could stay in the classroom to work on some things. While I was going ahead and grading their math quizzes a teacher from down the hall walked in. Avery Sanders. Now, Avery is definitely a head-turner and I would totally go for her, but she is married. We get along very well, and I usually have lunch with her. She is sort of my mentor here. She is the mother of one of my former friends. She even knows that I'm a lesbian and doesn't have a problem with it, probably because she experimented in college, or so she tells me. 

"Thanks for telling me you decided not to come to lunch." She jumped up on my desk and threw me a pack of crackers while she continued eating her sandwich. "So, why no lunch today?"

"I just wanted to get this work done so I can leave right after school ends instead of staying." It was the truth, I just wasn't sure if I wanted to give her the whole truth.

"Why do you want to leave as soon as school ends?"

"If you must know, Mrs. Nosy, I have plans after school with a friend to have lunch."

"Ohhh," she put her sandwich down, "a girl friend or guy friend?"

"Her name is Jennifer. We met yesterday at the café and then ran into each other this morning when we were jogging."

"You're trying to get some!" she exclaimed while laughing.

"I am not! I'm just getting to know a friend that I made, is that a crime?" By now I stopped grading and just started staring at her.

"You can admit that you want her. I know you do. I've known you for years. You've worked here for months and in all that time you always come to lunch. You always tell other friends you have to stay after."

"Okay, I want her. There's something different about her. I like being around her. Yes, I'll admit, I first wanted to get to know her because she is absolutely gorgeous, but now I just want to get to know her more. She's so down to earth, and funny. She actually wants to be around me. I love making her laugh just because I love the sound. I..." I paused. I don't know why I was telling her all of this. We were close but this was extremely personal. "Anyway, I'm excited to see her."

"I can tell." She knew not to push me. That was one of the things I loved about Avery. She can be nosy, but she knows when she doesn't need to know something. We continued to talking but this time about class and how my lesson went. She praised me for my creative way of teaching the kids how to multiply. Before I knew it lunch was over and my class was back, actually. We went through science, recess, and history before the day was finally over.

"Alright class, read a little more in your book because don't forget, you have book reports due in one week!" Just then the bell rang and my students filed out calling a quick "Bye, Ms. Johnson" over their shoulders. 
